THE HAMPTON MYSTERY/ " By MBS HABRDST LEWIS * tvttor "lady Kfldare," Beryl's HnshajitL," EdithTreroreSecret,* etc. CHAPTEH XXVIII.—(Continued.) Adlowe spent the forenoon m "bed. In the Afternoon he called at the earl of Hampton's, -expressed his regret at the absence ef the Xiady Beatrice iiom towa, and drore with Lord Hampton in Hyde Park. He dined at his clnb, and soon after, half disguising himself in hia surtout, made his way to the Victoria atktion, in time for a down train. He booked himself for Limely, and proceeded thither. He had carefully inquired the way of Rush fo the Evergreens, and on alighting at the tamely station, he took his way up the road with considerable assurance. It was a long walk, aa Giralda had found "ît, between the station and The Evergreens. Adlowe ptseed over the ground rapidly, and halted at last at the maRâive gate in the high brick wall, to which wis attached a board, bearing the painted legend, "The Evergreens." "I'm all right, it Beems," muttered th? profligate lord, fitting the key Rush had given him. ''I'll take a look in at the windows. Til make sore beiore I do anything rash. 1 am armed—doubiy armed. If this ' Spanish grandee ' proves to he Geoffrey,vwe shall see hot work." He opened the gate and passed into the shadows of the dense evergreens. He moved like a ghost up the densely-shaded walks. He approached the house. Light gleamed from the windews. Thé curtains were not drawn, and only thick veils of ivy and climbing plants sheded the panes. Adlowe hu-ihed his breath, and crept closer, closer, into the very shadows of the viiiss, and peered into the drawingroom window! The curtain had not been drawn. They seldom were, save on stormy nights, the perfect shade and seclusion of the place rendering mstrusion into the grounds nearlv an impossibility. " ( "How pleasant it is!" said the eountees, breaking a long silence, with a shiver and a look of pain. " And yet I feel strangely anxious to-night. Something is wrong with us, my husband. Can anything have happened to Giralda ? I wonder what she is doing !" " You are nervous, Beatrice," responded her husband, tenderly. " I think I have a^ touch of the same disease," he added- " I do not feel quite myself to-night. Our snxieties are too much for us." He drew her head upon his breast, and looked adoringly into her glorious eyes It was at this moment that bis bitter enemy—Lord Adlowe—crept up to the window, parted the vines, and peered in. At the sight that met his gaze, Adlowe reeled &8 if struck with a mortal illness. He beheld the woman he loved—the woman he bad deemed haughty, icy cald in her nature, and heartless—he beheld her like s very goddess of love, brightly glowing, her eyes ahining like twin stars, her countenance •adiant with a rare happiness, her head pillowed on a man's breast. And that man I How Aalowe's burning eyes searahed his features ! Evidently tall, be was magnificently formed, broad of ehoolder, deep of chest and majestic of mien. His bronzed, even swath y complexion, his hoary black eyebrows, hi black hair and beard, made up a perfect Spaniard in seeming. Adlowe had believed him to be Geoffrey Trevelyan in disguise. This belief received a sudden shock at sight of him. " That man Geoffrey Trevelyan ?" he asked himself. " Can time have changed the bright, laughing boy, of slight figure and delicate constitution, into this grave, darkbearded man ? I can hardly believe it. This must be some new complication. Heaven ' how Beatrice leans on him ! How she loves kirn ! I wish I could hear his voice !" His glance roved around the room, and rested upon the two boys, who were seated on a couch, close together, the elder brother engaged in putting a few finishing touches to a drawing. Hia gaze might have soorched tham both—it was BO keen and burning. " The elder boy is the lady Beatrice all over," he thought. "If that dark count be really Geoffrey, that blank-eyed boy is the future Marquis Trevelyan ! The younger boy—that lily-faced, golden- haired, blueeyed, girl-boy—is much like Geoffrey was in his boyhood, only that my cousin had more life and spirit." He creased his face closer against the glass. tThe Lady Beatrice turned towards the window—started—stared—then leaped to her feet with a wild and ringing shriek " She saw me -' cnedthe villain, leaping back. " I'm infor it now ! I must face that man before he has time to escape !" He hurried to the front door, and rang loudly. Meggy was passing through the hall, on her w&y; to the drawingroona, attracted thither by that fearful scream, and paused, giving- him admittance. The ,next moment, recognising him, she uttered s loud cry of fright, and essayed to expel him. He poshed her aside as if she had been a child, and hurried 01, bursting into the drawingroom with the foroo of «whirlwind. - CHAPTER XXIX.—A FEIEKD IN NÎ;ED. Ijord Grosvenor came nearer and nearer in Us fleet little pleasure-boat to the blnff cottage wherein Giralda was imprisoned. He did not speak. He looked up once or t trice with a keen and sweeping glance, as if to assure himéelf that his movements ware not watched by hostile eyes. Giralaa listened, trying to catch the sound of his coming, nnder the loud munpur of the waves. At length she heard a low, grating sound, as of the boat touching against thé rocks. "He is landing'," she murmured, pressing her face closer against the bars in the wild hope of seeing "him. "Ah! Is not that the sound of his steps on the rocks? Or do I mistake the waves for his footsteps ? It is he—it ishe!" She listened still more intently, straining her hearing to its utmost capacity. Surely that was the gentle patter of footsteps, as soma one climbed the rocks. It grew plainer and more distinot. The climber bad reached the top of the bluff now, and must be resting- r Again-Giralda waved , her arm through the -bars to sruide him to her window. There was a brief silence ; then something jgràî»d «rftly agiainBt the cottage wall just under tie window. It was the upper extremity ot p ladder, which the young Lord , IkW-Qrûèvenor lmd found lving in the . jykéaêh. Gerâl&fs; lieart thrilled now "With a «tft &ouodj; as of .eo»ae one «Haunting gently, jand then the face of her jfrprwtHrg'ig rescuer appeared before the barred window. , « Qixaldi f'rbe whispered,/softly. "Miss -Arevalo!" tHralda reached ont both -her bands Enough the bus, laughing .and sobhing in a feàdii. \- " It is I, hoti Giotranèr, 1 ' shefaid, in & broken voice, full of glad pulses. 1 Save me —siveme!" The young lord took her hands in a warm, encouraging clasp, stroking them softly. ' ' You are sate from this moment, Miss Arevalo," he said, with an unexpected tenderness that brought the quick blushes to her cheeks, and a strange and happy thrill to her heart. " You are a prisoner here ?" " Yes, yes, my lord. The door is locked ; the windows are barrai. These people are my enemies." Your.enemies ? I should not dream that you had an enemy in the world," was Lord Grosvenor's impassioned response. " I never saw them till to-night. You know Lord Adlowe, Lord Trevelyan's nephew?" " I know of him, but I have never seen him." " He—he asked me to-day to become his wife," said Giralda, after a moment's hesitation. "I refused him, and to-night he had me brought here, to be kept a close prisoner until I shall change my mind." "Why, this i.- barbarous—infamous !" exclaimed Lord Grosvenor, with indignant emphasis. " It is a proceeding worthy of feudal times." "And every minute I remain here is an injury to thot-e I love," moaned Giralda, in sudden and vivid remembrance of her father's peril. "Lord Adlowe has gone to work trouble upon my parents. Oh, my lord, can you get me out of this prison?" "Yes, and instantly!" responded our hero, ardently. " I could cut these bars with my knife. No ; the wood is too hard. Bittly is a hard and desperate kind of man, but I had better face him and demand vour release. A straightforward directness is generally best. Ah, he is astir ! I have awakaned him. Have no fE&rs;, Giralda. I will protect you." He listened a moment, hearing movements id the lower rooms of the cottage. At the same moment he detected a fishing-boat, manned by three stont fellows, creeping round the blufl, well into the shore. He leaned forward on the ladder, catching at one of the bars of the window, waving his hat, and shouting loudly: " Ho, there, boys ! This way ! Come up here quickly. I have need of you." The fishermen looked up, and shouted back a loud affirmative, pulling in for the shore. The young Lord of Grosvenor was a great favorite with these rough children of the sea, hifl daring and courage, his generosity to them and the widows and children of their drowned comrades causing them to regard him not only aa their benefactor, hut as a being greatly superior to themselves. Seeing them coming, Jjord Grosvenor rapidly descended the ladder to the ground ; and at the same moment the cottage door opened, and Bittly, a red, brawny and savage-looking man, of herculean proportions, appeared, half- dreBeed, upon his threshold. " Who is this making Buch a row, ana waking people at this time o' night?" he growled, in a deep, hoarse bass voice, glaring at our hero. " It is I—Lord Grosvenor," was the quick response, as the young lord confronted him. " I demand the release of your prisoner, Miss Arevalo." "Prisoner!" ejaculated Bittly, his jaw falling. "There ain't no prisoner here !" declared Mrs Bittly, making her appearance, also half-clad. " Your lordship's mistaken." " I saw her myself at the window. I have been talking with her. I know that Lord Adlowe hired you to keep her in close confinement. You see I know all. Give me the key of the young lady's room."' He planted his foot on the threshold of the cottage, and extended hia hand for the key, looking bo determined and stern that the woman momentarily quailed before bim. *• Oh, law !" she ejaculated, forcing an uneasy laugh, as she recovered herself. " You must have Been my niece—an insane young we man — too low for your lordship's notice " " Ones more," interrupted Grosvenor, with a voice like a clarion—" the key ! Here come some friends of mine who will back me." A hoarse cry came from the three fishermen, as they swarmed up on the bluff and rushed towards the cottage, eager to assist their benefactor. Bittly made a movement to retreat into his cottage and bar the door. Too late ! Lord Grosvenor and the fishermen were in as soon as himself. " Will you give us the key, or shall we break the door down?" asked the young lord, calmly. " Decide quickly !" " " Hera is the key," said the old woman, producing it, and commencing to whine. "Oh, my lord, don't go for to make us trouble. We are only pour people, obliged to do as our betters tell us." Lord Grosvenor paid no attention to her.'. SeLdng the key bidding the fishermen •remain until his return, he flew upstairs, and unlocked thé door of Giraida's prison. The young girl met him at the threshold, trembling with eagerness. "I knew you would get me outl" she cried, raising her luminous eyes to his faoe in a glad ecstasy. " Oh, Lord Grosvenor, y ou have saved me the second time ! How can I ever thank you ?" Lord Grosvenor took her fluttering hand and lifted it reverently to his lips. " I mil tell you some time how you can thank me acceptably,"' he whispered. Giralda drew away her hand in a sweet confusion. Somehow his words and manner strangely pleased her. "Pntonyour hat and ve will go," said his lordship. " I will take you in my boat to the Eyrie, and thence you can go by carriage wherever you wish." Giralda attired herself hastily, giving her shawl and travelling-bag to bis lordship, who conducted her downB^irs. The fishermen greeted her with -a cheer, having made a shrewd guess at the facts. Her lite gaolers looked at her with élancés ot hatred, and the young girl hurried out, not breathing freely until she bad gained the open air. They paused amïnîite or môro oii.the Huff, •while Lord Groerénor îjriëfly explained to the men the fcause of his summoning them, and distributing among them a handful of silver. Then, takmg Giralda^e hand, he led her carefully down the rocks to his boat, Seating ber upon a pile of cushions, and pushed off. " 1 was out for a sàîl, and thinking oï you, Miss Arevalo/' he said, lyhen he had raised the sail and they werèVMt'from the lee of the blnff Tar «nongh to o&tch; â puS of wind. "Howpalejpuare]" Aïèjou not faint P" »' A hffiè.. The {pxh bit wiH eoçh revive dark to-night, my jLonl "î âon't doubt it," responded the young nobleman, in tender sympathy. "That Adlowe must be made to Buffer for his highhanded outrage, if there is any law in the kingdom." "Oh, no. 1 cannot make any formalooin plaint against Mm, my lord," eaid Giralda, sorrowfully and wearily. " I most bekr it in àUaoce." . ''Call me Paul," said his lordship, with an ioge&uoufi; bloéh. "1 am akj?ie in the world, and have no one to call me by that name. 'My lord' -sounds so formal "from your lipe." •'You must call roe Giralda, then,'' was the low response. " Agneed. And now tell me, Giralda, why must yoa bejir this -vrong, this insult, this outrage in silence?" The maiden looked «t' ber preserver, her soul irf" her eyes. He lobked so mauly, bo honorable, bo noble that she was tempted to tell him her secret—her father's secret. She felt as if she must. oohfide in some one, and he, who had twice saved her life, «earned no Etranger, bût a true and warmfriend. "My lord," she skid—"that is, Paul"— and die blushed vividly, as he could see in thé soft moonlight, that fell gall on her lovely yonng tape--*'I har&Bgteat; toetaret—• one thatÎKjnoernS£hosb'*4io éSeiâfeôiér"to aie" than life itself . I feel as if this éèCrat wnnld be Bafe with you. I feel as if I must have some one to talk to to -night or my heart will break." " Talk to me as fnely and unreservedly as you would talk to a brother," said the young lord, with unobtrusive sympathy. " If you want my counsel, I will give it. At any rate, your secret will be safe with me." "I know it. My lord—Paul—I told you this morning that L was the ward of Lord Trevelyan—his adopted niece. I am more— his own great-niece. lam a Trevelyan !'' Lord Grosvenor looked surprised and mystified. "I thought his lordship had but two nephews," he said—" Geofirey Trevelyan and Lord Adlowe. 1 ' ' He had but the two. I am the daughter of Geoffrey Trevelyan." The young lord's look of surprise deepened. * 1 Did he not die in Brazil eighteen years aeo ?" fie asked. " " No, he is living to-day. The secret is known to but few. Lord Trevelyan does not know that I am really his relative. He does not dream that his hatod nephew lives. But Lord Adlowe knows all. He threatens to strike me through my dear parents if I refuse to marry him." " The wretch !" said the young lord, with energy. " Paul," said Giralda, with increasing earnestness, " you have heard of Geoffrey Trevelyan—my dear, wronged, innocent father—you have heard that story which stained his spotless name, covering it with infamy ? Let me tell you the truth." In an impassioned tone, with truth and love beaming in every feature, she told him the version of the sad story as she had received it from the lips of the Lady Beatrice, She painted the vile character of Lord A dlowe - she told of her father's years of hope deferred, of her mother's trusting, clinging love, and of her own resolve to clear her father's name of every stain. Her voice broke down in sobs before she concluded, and it was no detriment to the unsullied, noble manhood of the young lord that his tears fell with hers. Her manner and her words had carried conviction to his soul. " It was Lord Adlowe who contrived that scene !" ha exclaimed. V How it,was done, I canno"t tell ; but the assault and robbery were the result of a foul conspiracy against the honor of Geoffrey Trevelyan—perhaps against his liie. Had the marquis's wound been serious, and had he died, Geoffrey Trevelyan's life would have been forfeited, and Adlowe would have stepped into possession of the estates. How Bteange that Lord Trevelyan never suspected the truth !" " Oh, Paul, he trusts Lord Adlowe, although he affects a contempt for him. He is not fond of him. He does not love him, but it would be impossible to convince him of the truth, as I have convinced you. I have thought of telling him all the truth, but he would, only oast me off, and hasten to have papa arrested. He will never be convinced of papa's innocence save by the most complete and positive evidence. There was a man who could have thrown light cn the matter—who could have cleared papa's name. He was Lord Adlowe's valet, and his name was Negwyn. I have heard that he went to Australia; but he may have died there." "Yoa think it would not do to tell Lord Trevelyan the whole truth as you have told it to me ?" suggested our hero. " I know it would not. Listen while I tell you how I happened to come to the Park." She then told of her hidden home, her conviction that she ought to support herself, her journey to the Park in search of a situation, and her utter ignorance that she was going to her rightful home and to the presence of her kinsman. She told how she had won his lordship's love from her resemblance to Geoffrey Trevelyan, some of the particulars of her journey to London, and finally of the will the marquis had made in her favor. " I can never tell him now, you see," she said, sorrowfully. " Lord Adlowe insinuated that I had been sent by my parents to the Park to win Lord Trevelyan's savings. The marquis would think the same if he knew who I am. My uncle Trevelyan is apt to judge people haràhly." •• I know he is- He was embittered by this belief in his nephew's ingratitude," replied Lord Grosvenor, who thought with others, that Lord Trevelyan was bard and bitter to the very core. "Yoa have a heavy burden to bear. Giralda. I wish I could bear it for yon. You spoke of your mother. Geoffrey Trevelyan, I heard, was betrothed to the Lady Beatrice Hampton when he disppeared. I have fancied that she always^ kept herself single for his sake." "My mother is the Lady Beatrice Hampton," Baid Giralda, amply. "Her marriage has been kept secret. Until last week I did not know the truth. I am telling yoa all I know, Paul." " The secret is buried with me, Giralda," said the young lord, with a look and manner that declared that she might rely on and trust him. " The Lady Beatrice Hampton your mother! Until this momiue"—and he blushed again ingenuously—"I thought her the most beautiful woman in the world. I have seen her oltcn, Giralda.- She has Visited our family, and knowB me well, y And you are her daughter 7 Irhave always loved the Lady Beatrice, and I shall love her more now than ever." Giralda did not ask why. A silence fell between thé young pair, and the boat drifted on over the white-capped waves in the moonlight, tacking now and then, and every moment drawing nearer to the Eagle's Syrie. Giralda nestled her head on the cushions, and thought of all the manly perfections of her young rescuer; and while he managed the sail and mused on her history, his heart teat high with love and admiration for her. It was true—his first love, and the love of his whole life had come to him on this desolate coast, and already was strong within his soul a desire to win this pure and lovely girl, so full of innocent witcheries, bo tender and grave and earnest, for his wife ! He dared not tell her yet of this resolve, lest he should frighten her, and thus defeat himself. Giralda roused herself from her reverie as the boat entered the shadow of the tall bluff on which was perched the Eyrie. She noticed now a little rocky landing and stairs cut in the rocks, leading by a winding route to the top of a steep cliff. Her companion rail the boat into a little cove at the foot of these rude steps, and. secured it to au iron ring which was there for the purpose. Then he gave her .his kàud with tender gallantry, and. assisted iter upnu the stairs. "I fear you ere ill," hesaid,-anxiously, ab they slowly mounted. <hand in hand. ''Your hand is like ice. Your face is flushed withjffcver, and you tremble like s leaf.' «AU this excifcement has beem too rohch for yoti. '' ' "I am pnly..way..tired, ! think,^" «aid Giralda, in « faltering voifie, as a strange sensation of -weakness «same over her.- " I should like to rat." \- She paused % moment, leaning >sgainet£he rode. Tbfe young lord iieàtated Bninatant, andibundrew iier ioyely drooping jbead to Jus:- jbten^. gently oompdligg jur to leaq against him, jus «(j«l|hrilliug jw^th delight at her gentle «dependence upon ^hinv -!Qien, as she stirred faintly on his bosom, lie lifted I her and carried her in his arms to the top of the etaire, placing her on a stone bench at its Sttxmnit to rest. Giralda smiled and thanked him with a weariness she could not disguise. She looked aronnd her, noticing; that aie was almost at the portal of the Eyrie, and th&t; -green terraces, with gleaming marble balustrades, etretched along the bluff and to the east in Sn iriîattd^direction, and that^loWer-gaideiiB, fi hhrùbbery aod extensive grounds lay bejddS them . * Thé Eyrie, as has been said, stood on the very edge^ of the bluff. It was veil named. The' bluff ecttage, seen from it, seemed & speck far below. The view of land and sea wm mfc&nificent; and Tar reaching. The building Cr buildings,' were of grey «tône, of cbfajfifleralile"&dUnt;, which had gathered together turrets and towers, wide windowB, balconies and great projecting oriels, ell «f which aidei to form a piotureeque whole. Lord GfoTvenor opened à'door just behind Giralda, disclosing a 16ng, hall suited to a baronift! castle." " Come in, Giralda,'"' he said, offering- her his aim. " The air from the sea ia top oold and'damp for you." ';•' ' : - Giralda arose, not venturing to dispute his 1 tone - til-igeiiBe: Àa&Ozity;^toOc ^liift tOA; ànfi < •wis «oudifctfed along ihe liaS 'to « pleafttpt room, called the "oriel parlor," fromthë' fact of its possessing an oriel window that the red beacon light ehe had noticed was tetill burning, swinging .by a chain from the ceil- ing- «' This is my favorita sittingrooin," said his lordship,'wheeling a couch up near the fire, and gently compelling Giralda to occupy it, he removing her bonnet with his own hands. " The first thing yoti need is food. I presume you have not eaten since morning." " I couldn't eat," said Giralda, stammering. " I thought so ;" and the young Içrd gave a quick pull at the bell. " After you have had food, what then, Giralda ?" " I must go home—I must warn papa." "You are not fit to travel to-night. Let me plan for you. Lord Trevelyan loves you. He is doubtless half frantic at your disappearance. He d n o t know your secret, and I do not believe Lord Adlowe wants him to know it yet. #)o not give up the work you haye undertaken until you are absolutely compelled to. L?t"me take you back to the Park as soon a? you are sufficiently rested.*' But papa! Poor papa !" " I will go to him. I will start by the morning train. I am acquainted with the L.idy Beatrice. .Let me go, Giralda. You are not able to make the journey." Giraldi smiled assent and breathed a sigh of relief. She was about to give him the address of her father, and to aek him to telegraph at once a warning to The Evergreens, when the door opened and the housekeeper entered. She was a plump, motherly woman, wbom Giralda liked at the first glance. That glance was returned with a long Btare of surprise, the woman being unable to conceive whence the young visitor had oomc. "Miss Arevalo," said the young lord, " this is Jirs Latten, my housekeeper, an excellent woman, who will take good care of you. Mrs Latten," he continued, turning to the housekeeper, "this young lady is Miss Arevalo, the niece of Lord Trevelyan. I found her but now in great distress on the coast. She is tired and ill. See that she has supper immediately, and order the carriage to take her to ttie Park." " The young lady ought not to stir out of the Eyrie to-night," exclaimed the motherly dame with emphasis. "She will be ill in earnest if she doesn't rest." "Then send a messenger to the Park to assure Lord Trevelyan that she is in safetv, and that she will return home in the morning," said his lordship. " See that the man goes at onoe." The housekeeper bowed, and went out with a heart full of pity for the pale and sad young stranger. 1 ' She ëhall have such a supper as she never had at the Park," she thought, hurrying along the hall. " The poor dear 1 How sorrowful she looks, and she but a child that should be playing with her dolls !" "While she despatched the messenger in haste and hurried to prepare supper, Lord Grosvenor extinguished the red light in the window, and drew a seat near to his lovely young guest, who smiled up at him grate- fnlly- " As I said, I will start for The Evergreens in the morning," he said. " You must have no more anxieties, Giralda. If you would only let me shield you from them all ! Now. give me your father's address, and rely upon my earnest efforts to warn him in time." CHAPTER XXX.—THE Eisdjo W-OF Love. A feeling of delicious languor crept over the tired frame of Giralda as she reclined on the coooh in the oriel parlor of the Eagle's Eyrie, and a delicious geûae of dependence on her gallant young rescuer succeeded to her late bitter and terrible isolation. Lord Grosvenor, with a tender thoughttulness befitting a woman, having drawn from her the" address of her father and transferred it to bis pocket tablets, exerted himself to expel from her mind all unpleasant thoughts, treating her recent imprisonment as an odd adventure, and gradually leading her from it to pleasanter subjeots. He had succeeded in bringing more than one smile to the pale, lovely face, exquisitely beautiful even in its weariness, when Mrs Latten, the housekeeper, returned, followed by a maid. A round table was drawn up near to the fire, relieved of its books, and spread with a cloth of snowy damask, which fell to the floor on every side. A costly aflver tete-atete service was then disposed upon the table, and dishes of painted porcelain succeeded. An exquisite little supper was then brought in, the maid dismissed, and the housekeeper proceeded to wait upon the table in person. "Do not rise, Miss Arevalo," said Lord Grosvenor, as Giralda made an effort to do so. "Let me wait upon you." He ran and brought cushions, with which he propped her up into a half-sitting position, and he then wheeled the couch nearer to the table, and hastened to carve for her the daintiest section of broiled birds and to load her plate with delicacies. Giralda made an effort to do justice to Mrs Latten's cookery, but it was a vain one. She was too nearly exhausted to desire food, but sipped with feverish eagerbess the cup of fragranttBa brought her, and then sank back' upon her pillows. "You can take away the things, Mrs Latten," said the young lord, his own appetite gone. "Please see that the blue room La got ready at once." The housekeeper bowed assent, aud hastened to clear the table and to withdraw. " I do not like to go away, leaving you so ill, Giralda," said Lord Grosvenor, with tender concern, when they found themselves again alone. ' ' I shall be very anxious about you while I am absent. ' ' " It is only ^fitigue, I think, Paul," said Giralda, her heart fluttering under his ardent glances. "Yourgoing will make me well. I shall soon recover from my exhaustion if my mind is at rest." Let it be at rest from all anxieties from this moment, then," said her young host, taking one of her hands in both of his. " Hear me, Giralda. You have faith in me ? You trust me?" " As I would trust my darling mother !" exclaimed Giralda, with a sudden and uncontrollable impulsiveness, looking up at him with a confidingnBBs that went to his soul. He dropped on his knees beside her «Ouch, gathering both her hands in hia, his face glowing with impassioned feeling. "Giralda," he Baid, his voice trembling with his sudden emotion, "yoa have beep working.£.lone to clear. your father's name. From Itiiai-moment I wûl devote myself to the same holy cause. . The aim and obj eet of my existence from this hoar «hall be io olear all stain from the réputation of the wronged -Geoffrey Trevelyan. and tojpromote"»raobnoQiatjum "between him and his unole.". ' Giralda started up,;, all joyful excite ment. .„. 4. . ; , " Oh, Paul !" she eaM, growing radiant/ " You believe in papa's innoceuoe, then?" You willhelp me prove" that innooenoe to the • world?" •• .. , " . v "1 brieve inhis innocence of all.intended harm or ingratitude to.his uncle as 1 bebeliëve in my own existence 1" exclaimed Lord Grosvenor,solemnly. "I believe him to be a rauob-wronged man. X believe that he and Lord Trevdyan have been but the yfottms and dupes <of Lord Adlowe. Ani s. devote myself to the work of proving to the world that mj ooaviotions are true. Giralda, let us join hands in this sacred task. I will know neither peaoe nor happiness until Geoffrey Trevelyan stands clear of all -suspicion, restored to Mb rightfal position, with his wife and children aoknowledged before the jrorid!" : Giralda clasped his hands in unconscious ferror, "Oh, Paul!" she murmured again, and now her «yes filled with g-lad tears. " You make tne so happy !". " First," said the yqung lord, still in his impassioned manner, "we will collect evidenoe that shall prove Adlowe*s guilt and your father's innocence ; then 'pe ahall shower theçe.proofg upon LardTrpvelyainl We will bumbleJbis awful prîàe ; ' we will faften his hard, proud heart. , He shall welcome y&ur; w^xmged father with remorse, and tenderness, ànd iûve 1" " You will help me to do all this ?" asked Giralda, all aglow. It will be as easy to you, , ^Bsjol, $s n^y^rjescue irom the swollen week, or 4 priiûn'&l; âie ' bluff ' cottage. * Dear papa '. has found, ft frîçnd—a powerful friend !" " And "his daughter has found a lover!" whispered the handsome young lord, s hooked at his own temerity, yet not a'olo to resist the glorious beauty of those pleading violet eyes, and stirred to the depths of his being by her trusting confidence. " Do not be angry with mB ( Giralda. I have frightened you. You are not angry ?" he cried, as the young girl withdrew her hands from him, covering ber eyes. "Say you are not angry with me, Giralda. I have spoken too soon—too suddenly ! I should have waited until you had known me longer—until your father's fortune had brightened. Idiot that I am, I have ruined all my own hopes !" (TO iiK CONTINUED.) PAtTL GAVE OUIAXDA HIS KAXD AXI) ASSISTED ÏIKE UP THE STEPS. 