SMOKE HO! Unionists should try to induce non unionists to read the Worker. A breach of faith phenomenal in its stupidity — W. E. Abbott on the call-out. 'A Church of England clergyman draws rent from 13 brothels in Sydney.' — Patriot (Q-). J The Wokicbii is absolutely fearless and independent, and has no need to be guilty of cowardice or time-servine. Some inferior kinds of German spec tacles are sold in the United States at from 2s 6d to 3s 4d per dozen, after paying 45 per cent, duty. The Worker is not all sound and fury, but in a plain, common sense fashion deals with the live questions of the day. A gross breach of faith phenomenal in its heinousness — P.U. action in cutting prices, altering agreement, and persistently ignoring the Union's repeated demands for a con ference. 'Why,' asks the self-sufficient Fat Person, ' is the poor mau filled with discon tent 1' Because an empty stomach wants fill ing ; and as he can't get food, he fills up with discontent. Parkes, at Balruam, says : 'The less laws a country has the better.' Well, well ! We smile as we turn up a back number of the Worker and our eye lights on plank 7 of 'Our Sentiments' — ' Better government, and less of any kind.' ' ' What the New Order calls the Sydney Worker : ' That little tin trumpet blown by a' few inflated deadheads.' The Worker, however, answers not , the fool according to his folly.' — 1'eoole's Ncwisaaver (Q.). The Worker is the only really co operative newspaper in New South Wales. It is owned and controlled by the Bush Unions. Nobody makes one penny profit by it. Tliis is the season of the year when the Fat Man's newspaper sings the virtue of paper placed between a thin pair of sheets as a caloric producer. It promotes confidence and stays discontent in the poor man's breast. The Worker does not boom anybody or any cause except the Cause of Labor — that is, the Cause of Humanity. ' All laws that are not based on natural law are bad and wicked.' Yet it is said Parkes never reads the papers. Somehow, we think we have seen those sentiments expressed in the Worker. The old man is beginning to feel the influences that are at work to direct men's thoughts into the true science of law-making. ' Nothing short of a progressive land tax will bring our land sharks .... to their senses,' says the Coonamble correspondent of the Melbourne Worker. A progressive land tax on what : area or value — which ? A tax on area will let the city corner-block monopolist go scot free and crush the farmer. A tax on values will hit the city land- owner where he lives and fall lightly on the farmer, whose land is poor and of little value. The Worker's aim is to get at the truth. Other people may bother themselves about the passing fashions in political and social thought. 'Thus the New Order: 'Most of the old Brisbane Labor men lag like dummy ghosts on the stage. Queensland Labor men should reconstruct. There are some real able men in Brisbane fit to take hold of affairs if the old gang were cleared out.' These ' real able men ' must be hiding their lights very much under a bushel, as not even by as much as a twinkle have they up till date betrayed their existence. When they are trotted out for in spection we will be able to say whether their paces are better than those of the ' old gang.' ' —People's Newspaper (Q.). Says Brotherhood (London) : 'It now stands as a truth above challenge that most men are mentally and physically the creatures of circumstances. There is little virtue or vice, disease or health, but is the outcome of environ ment. If the conditions of existence are bad, we cannot expect happy and healthful human ' life.' Brotherhood is helping to alter conditions - by advocating the total abolition of private ownership of land as a step towards the text on its title page : It's comin' yet for a' that : That man to man the world o'er Shall britliers be for a' that. If the Worker provides too strong meat i'or you, pass it on to your neighbor ; it- may suit him. Eev. Osborne Jay (Eng.) says : 'Un- . happily, there are many men who are not born, but damned into the world. It may not be the beat theology, but it is the soundest sense, to admit that some — by inherited defects and taints of blood, by mental, physical, and moral peculiarities, by surroundings and training and oircuniE'.ances — have no fair chances of beingany thing biijb bad. ' ' Bit different this to the average parson, who tells you to be content with the position \n which God has placed you, or snivels the canting phrase — ' The poor ye have always with youji' We want more Osborne Jays to help alter, the surrounding and training of men and women, so that there will be a fair chance to be goodi Now ready — A. cheap edition of the ' Working 'Man's Paradise,' by ' John Millo:.\' Send Is 3d in stamps to W. W. Head, 111 Elizabeth-atr*eb, Sydney. ' /' V'tv ? ' . ' '' i i ? a , 