MRS. PICKERING'S VANITY. Old Mr Hudson had retired from business some years ago. His business had been that of a drysalter, and he had understood it so well as to make a fortune at it. Before re tiring from business as a drysalter Mr Hud son had, if we may be permitted the phrase, retired from business as a husband. 'Mrs Hudson had died in all the fresh enjoyment of her carriage and her silks and her jewelled brooches and bracelets, leaving her husband, as his sole companion, a little sickly boy of half a dozen summers. For a good many years after retiring from business John Hudson ruffled it with the best; visiting about, entertaining in grand style his many friends, travelling abroad, and enjoying to the full the riches he had toiled for. His only child was sent in due course to Eton, and thence blossomed forth into a second lieutenant of a smart cavalry regiment. But at length old Hudson's holiday after toil showed signs of drawing to a close. His health began to break, old age was coming upon him ; the pleasures that his money had brought him, eating and drinking, riding and driving, sitting in fine rooms, being treated with deference, and sometimes even with servility, buying costly treasures of art, would be pleasures no longer. - He had done his work, he had had his day. The account was about to be closed, at no distant period would come the "long, dreamless sleep," said old Hudson to himself as he crept up and down the sunny path of his highly ornate garden, and mused on the great mystery of life and death. Realising that his part on the world's stage was played, and resigning himself to old age and invalidism, he dismissed a great part of his large staff of servants, and shut up most of the showily furnished rooms in his great new house built after the sty l: of a favorite London suburb. The servants who now formed the old gentleman's reIuced establishment were : Simon Pickering, a personal attendant (" gentle, patient, and experienced with the old and with invalids," said his testimo uials), who had replaced the smart valet of more vigorous and fashionable days; the said Simon Pickering's wife, a plain-featured woman approaching middle age, who dis charged the now not very heavy duties of cook and housekeeper; a couple of house maids, and a coachman, who did little save exercise his horses daily, his master having grown partial to the gentle movement of a bath-chair, A neighboring medical man, who had often been a guest at Mr Hudson's table, would drop in from time to time in an in formal way, but the invalid resented the notion of seeming under a doctor's care, and of being thought seriously ill. True, he had had a stroke of paralysis, but people some. times lived for years after that if they were careful and kept quiet ; and he was inclined to be impatient with his son when the lat ter, now Captain Hudson, appeared at High stead on short leave, having heard of the sudden failure of his father's health. On a golden, mild autumn afternoon, Captain Hudson had returned to his regi ment, and Josiah Hudson, leaning on the arm of his attendant, Simon Pickering, moved slowly along his smoothly-gravelled garden path. *.Pickering," said old Hudson, after contemplating the scene for some time, "my sands are running out. Have you ever thought of heaven, and wondered what it will be like ?" " I can't say as I've thought much about it, sir," answered the attendant respect fully. But he gave his master a searching glance, for the question and the tone in which it was asked constituted, he con sidered, a new sympton. por a few minutes the old man stood silent; then he turned and leaned yet more heavily on the arm that supported him. " Take me in, Pickering; I'm afraid I've taken a chill " Late that evening Pickering sat watch ng by his master's bedside. One of the naids had been sent to Doctor Page's to ask him to come round, as Mr. Hudson was got so well. She had come b ck with tb.' information that Doctor Page was out just then, but would come as soon as he re turned. Eickering sat by the bed where the eeble old man lay in a restless, feverish foze, and wondered whether this "bad urn" his master had taken would prove stal. And while he so wondered and while the lock in the p~assage ticked loudly through he silence, and an occasional ember fell all too noisily from the fire, the old man's eyes opened and looked at the figure seated beside him; buthis mind it seemed, was wanderiug, and he thought he was ~ooking at the son who had left him a week before. "Humphrey, l'm glad you're there, Humphrey," said the ex dry-salter, pick ing at the bed-clothes with his hot, eager fingers. "I just dreamed you had gone back to your regiment; I'm glad you avren't. I wanted to tell you, Humphrey, th&t; there's money in the house-more than ~s prudent, and you'd better bank it gain. .It's a matter of a thousand pounds n notes; r drew it out because I meant to t~tend a sale at Christie's and pick up some treasures, bnt I was taken ill, and there the money is. It's in the secret drawer of the cabinet over yonder; you .now how to find the secret drawer, Hum phrey, don't you ? Open the secret drawer with the smallest key of the bunch I always carry about witL me--take the drawer right out, and feel about at the back of its space till you feel a tiny knob the size of a pin's head, press that, and a ittle drawer will spring out at the side- put your hand in it and feel about on its roof till you find a tiny roughnee, press tht, )and another little drawer will spring out aat the back, and in thatis the thousand pounds. Go and get it now, Hnmphrey," said the sick man, his voice sinking to an e;xcited whisper ; "it's not safe there 1 the cabinet might be carried off and broken up. I don't teust the servants I don't tmrust Pickering; he's skilful and gentle, but he has a cunning eye-and I don't trust his wife! Get it out, Humphrey, boy, and bank it-or we may both be murdered." Fis speech grew wilder and more ncolkerent after this-his manner more feverish and excited. Ten minutes later Doctor Page',cs ring was heard at the door. Josiah Hudson never rallied from that 'bad turn." Doctor Page reeained with im throaugh the night. Just at the approach of dawn, when life is lowest, another and severe stroke descended on the feeble form in the bed. He lay in ivi"ng death, silent, motionless, uncon scious, until after the hurried .arrival of his son, and then icassed into a w.orld where his real estate and his personality availed him nothing. funeral. On the evening after the funeral. Cptain HEudson sat deep in conversation r with iii. Lincoln, the family solicitor, in : hhe Hipiitead Villa. "The bank tells me he drew out a thou aand poands i motes a fortnight ago," the captain was saying i~ a low, discreet voice, 6'but there is no sueh aam in the secret dinwer of his cabinet, where he always kept d would draw out large sums for that pur ,was prevented by his illness from going to It why, theen committed I Of course the bank has thn nUm~O of the notes, but we can't stop thEm on a 5aPPO,5 - paidI may have drawn oup t ? h weon away on some private businss tb w on't know of." The lawyer shook his head. ,. We should have found some memoran? 3um of SQch pyment among his papers. It de my frm donzvicjO% 1hat Mr Muson drew the money out with the j~teution of . tteni. ng Cbriati's lasIt 6?10 -- W3 " " by his illness-that, in his failing state, he did not put the money in a sufficiently safe place (unless, indeed, one of --the servants has discovered the secret drawer of the cabi net), and that the thief and, as yet, the money, are under this roof. This man Pick ering," and the lawyer's tone dropped still lower, " what is known of him 1" The captain shrugged his shoulders. "He came to my'father some months ago with a character that gave him all the car dinal virtues-in short, he seemed the very one what's-hip-name in ancient times was always looking for with a lantern. His wife was engaged at the same time as cook housekeeper; I know nothing against her, except the worst that can be said of a woman-she's uncommonly plain I" The solicitor mused in silence for a time. " And you tell nme they are leaving here for another situation the day after to morrow; the best thing you can do is to have a detective up from Scotland Yard to. morrow morning." It was the night following that on which Captain Hudson'and the solicitor had con ferred together. Simon Pickering and his wife were in the housekeeper's room, and hai, as was evident from the appearance pf the table, baen enjoying a snug little supper. They were now seated one at each side of the fire, and Mrs Pickering, having .thrown a cotton wrapper around her shoulders, had taken down her abundant dark hair and was brushing it at her ea.e, The late Mr Hud son's housekeeper was a woman of rather unusually plain face, and was, therefore, perhaps inclined to be the more vain about. and careful of, the one little gift to her. So she sat brushing her generous allowance of fine dark ha'r while she looked into the fire with knitted brows and face of deep cogita t:on. Her husband watched her with evident anxiety as to the result of her musings Presently, after going to the door, for the third time within ten minutes, ascertaining that no one was listen iog outside, re-closing it, and returning to his chair, Pickering leaned across the hearth, and addressed his wife in the lowest tones of his soft voice. " Yes, we must hit on some way at once of smuggling the n)tes out with us to-mor row morning. If we can't hit on some plan of the kind, they'd best go into that fire direct I This detective that's been here to day (for that's what he is-I spotted him at once I) will have all the servants searched just as we're ready to start-that's their in tention. So set your wits to work I t would be a pity to burn a thousand pounds. I don't know as I should have done as I did, only I was so sure of your ihelp Women are always to the fore in a shady business." " And men are always ready to make use of us in such business, and lay all the blame oa us afterward," rejoined Mrs Pickering with some asperity. After a pause she rose, looked at herself in the little mirror, and, twisting her hair into deep, old.fashioned rolls on each side of her face, asked nonchalantly " How should you like me in this style, Pickering? It's not fashionable, but it's becoming." Simon Pickering stamped his foot and clenched his hands. I"Do you want me to go distracted ?" he said, but his voice did not get imprudently loud though his rage was great. To talk about the fashion of your hair at suh. a time 1 There's a thousand pounds at stake, and the chance of ten years' hard labor. It you was handsome it would be maddening enough to hear of your vanity just now ; but being what you are-" " Yes, I think it would suit me very well," said Mrs Pickering to herself, still calmly surveying her reflection in the glass; " 1'1 change the fashion of my hair from this very night, and wear it in rolls." \- * * * * Simon Pickering was right in his predic !ion. Immediately before departing to the new situation which they professed they had ,btained, the late Mr Hudson's attendant end his wife, as also the rest of the domestic itaff at Highstead Villa, were searched. Their boxes stood ready, and they had jaqt 'aken an early breakfast, when the Scotland Yard functionary and his female assistant preented themselves. The Pickerings sub mitted with cheerful readiness to the pro cess. Mrs Pickering and the female searcher withdrew, and on their, reappearance in ten minutes, the housekeeper's pleasant manners seemed to have won sensibly on the stern policewoman. Their boxes were turned out, but yielded no more proof of guilt than their persons had done. No pretext re mained for detaining them. Pickering fetched a cab, the boxes were placed on it, Mrs Pickering, after adieus to b 'r fellow servants and a curtesy to Captain Hudson, who happened to pass acros the piesage, stepped into the cab, her husband mounted the box beside the driver, and the vehicle trundled away down the Highstead Sill, ostensibly bound for Euston station. But Inspector Sharpe of the detective Eorce was ill at ease. He did not like to see these people depart in peace, yet he could not denin them. There might have beenno robbery at all. Old Mr Hudson might have paid away the thousand pounds in private business ani left no memorandum of such payment, On the other hand, if there had been a robbery, this highly respectable couple who had just taken their departure seemed to Inspector Sharpe, despite their having come triumphantly through the morning's ordeal, a quarter toward which he would do well to direct his talents. He would like to keep them in view. To remain at Highstead Villa investigating was, however, also a task much after hisown heart. But it was clear he would have to depute another for one or other of these duties. •While he ruminated thus, pacing silently along the lower passages of Highstead Villa, the voices of Bose and Emily, the two house maids, reached his ears from the kitchen near at hbnd; he paused instinctively to listen. "Well, Emily, you and me'll be off in a day or two I I only hope in my next place there won't be no old gentlemen dying, and their sons going and having the servants searched afterward as if they'd committed a murder-that I do I It's an insult to honest girls like you and I, that it is I" A second voice assented with a good many exclamations, and the first voice continued : " The idea of that there Mrs Pickering having such an amount of vanity I I won der what sudden freak took her to change the fashion of her hair and wear it in them old.fashioned rolls? To be sure, I think I never did see an uglier woman I" " She is ugly, and yet she managed to get married, you see," remarked the second voice. " Yes," rejoined the other, " that's what always puzzles me 1 These ugly women always get married, whilst good-looking girls like you and I don't get the ghost of a chance 1" " Speak for yourself," was the somewhat indignant retort. " I could get married to morrow, if I chose, but I'g ambitions. I must have a husband as'll keep me like a lady. No-I never did see such a fright as Mrs Pickering looked in them great rolls of hair I'" Inspector Sharpe passed on silently down the passage, and his musings deepened. The Seagull, a small paddles steamer be longing to a certain line that plies between the Thames and the Flemish seaports, lay at the wharf, waiting to drqp dQwnt bhe river in the early morning. She had taken on her cargo, which, on the return journey, would be replaced by Ostend rabbits. Miore than her cargo the 3eagull did not expect this stormy October night, for, though, during the summer a goad many passengers crossed cheaply to the Gontinent by her and her sister vessels, she had looked for none abch for some little time. The elderly stewardess was therefore a little surprised when at eleven o'clock at night, as she sat in the ladies' cabin sopping .... --__--. -_,_ _,-mFnrtahie and think. ing of presently retiring into one of the red curtained berths that lined the walls, she heard the sound ot an arrival above, and a minute later was aware of a solitary lady passenger being shown down the little stairs way into the cabin. '" Pray, don't dltUtrbyourelf, stewardeM ," 110' pasenge-r, p1es*tly. 1 ;?"Beain ai 4the 1jtJad 5 " your 1 t '": The stewardess was at once prepossessed in the new 'arrival's favor, noted with in terest the name "Mrs Thompson ' on the ticket of her bag, and, though forced to own silently ithat the face disclosed when the veil was raised was not comely, mentally pronounced the unexpected passenger, "Quite the lady I" The latter threw herself down on one of the faded red velvet seats that ran round the little cabin. "One feels a little strange and lonesome, stewardess, travelling without one's hus band," she said, " bat I must be brave and resist the temptation to have a regular good cry." " Indeed and you must, ma'am " re sponded the old stewardess,,with ready sympathy, bustling to help her charge re move her cloak and wraps. "Crying doesn't mend matters. Dear sakes alive, ma'am, I've had to do without my husband for good and all this many a year I Just fifteen year it is since we went pleasuring to Greenwich, and what must poor Tollyfield do but let his legs run away with him down Greenwich hill, and pitched on his head at the bottom, and was took up dead." The stewardess wiped her eyes after this peroration and proceeded to hang up the passenger's shawls. "And how about supper, ma'am? Shall I get you something ? To be sure it's very late, and I don't know if-" " Oh, thank you; I sha'n't need anything but what I have with me." Accordingly, baving eaten one or two biscuits, and taken something from a flask, she professed herself ready to go to her berth. " What time in the morning do we start, stewariess?" ' "About five, ma'am. Which of the berths will you sleep in ?. I can recommend this one as about the most comfortable. Dear, dear l Three months back there wasn't much choosing of where ladies would sleep, in here I'd all the berths full, and ladies sleeping all over the floor as well. Dear sakes alive, the quarrelling that went on I I'd have given up my post many a time, only what can a lone widow with nine children do? -Well, I thought I'd done waiting on ladies for this year, to be sure I But I'm always glad to wait.on one as is a lady, pleasant and kindly spoken." The passenger had not yet, taken off her travelling cap. She now removed it, showing a fine mass of dark plaited hair, with a deep, old- fashioned roll on each side of the face, In a few minute', assisted by the assiduous Mrs Tolly field, she was com fortably settled in one of the lower berths. " Thank you, stewardess; I sha'n't want anything more. Oh, dear l my poor head aches pretty badly I " said the passenger as she lay down. " Poor dear creature I Does it now? " responded the stewardess, tacking in the rugs and blankets that she had piled upon her charge. " Headache's bad, sure, though heartache's worse, You want some good sleep and pleasant dreams about your hus band that you're parted from. But I'm afraid you won't sleep comfortably unless you take down your hair; let me arrange it for you," The passenger drew her head away with a jerk. " Be good enough to leave my hair alone I " she said in a stern, threatening manner, very different from her former affability. "I shall do very well and want nothing more." The stewardess drew the red curtain of the berth and left her. But Mrs Tollyfield's good opinion of the Seagull's solitary passenger was shaken. "A vixenof a temper, for all her pleasant ness I The idea of flying out at me like that, all for nothing I" Thus cogitating the stewardess went to rest. At five o'clock in the morning there wag plenty of bustle on the litt:e deck of the Seagull, and enough shouting for an Orient liner. Below the stewardess was busy also, and the one passenger, having just emerged from her berth and put on the few articles of dress that she had laid aside last nigh't, was sitting by the little fire in the ladieb' cabin, wrapped in a shawl. " We're off now," aren't we, stewardess ? " she asked with an eagerness that was half iuvoluntary, as she took the cap of tea that had been prepared for her. " Yes, ma'am, we're off now." Mrs Tollyfield's tone was a little stiff ; she had not quite forgotten the rebuff of the previous night. Sure enough, they were off. The paddle wheels turned once, slowly, laboriously, with a great deal of churning and splash!ng; turned twice, more easily ani quickly; turned three times; the passenger standing on a seat and looking through a porthole that commanded the farther shore of the river, saw the dingy warehouse begin to slide away. "Yes, we're off now," she said gaily, jumping down and coming back to her seas by the fire. But in another moment she added, "We've stopped I What's that fdr T " The paddle wheels had suddenly ceased their splashing and churning; the shouting above was more vehement than ever, and seemed to be responded to by shouting from the shore close at hand; then the Seagull began to back. "Something been forgotten," said the stewardess, "and we're returning for it." The passenger set down her half finished cup of tea and listened. The shouting continued, and the little vessel slowly backed to the wharf she had just quitted. " Seems to be another passenger coming on board," said the stewardess. Her companion made no answer, but gazed sternly and stonily into the little fire before which she sat. A few moments later brisk steps were heard coming down the stairway, and then came a peremptory rap upon the door of the ladies' cabin. " Who have you got in here, stewardess ?" inquired a man's voice, as Mrs Tollyfield hurried to the door. "One lady, sir." "Ah I that's right," said Inspector Sharpe, stepping into the little room. "Good morning, Mrs Pickering. You very nearly gave us the slip-very nearlv l I've been thinking that that little ceremony that you took part in at Highstead Villa yesterday morning, you and the rest of the household staff, was not quite thorough enough. My female assistant didn't ask you to take down your hair, ma'am, so I've followed you to get you to dol it, it you'll be so good." Mrs Pickering looked at the inspector, then looked at the wondering face of the old stewardess. " Well," she said, with a quick, deep sigh, "the game's up, I suppose. Five minutes ago I thdought I was safe. Bad luck to you, officer, for not giving me the chance of getting clean away." She paused a moment. "Will you shake out those rolls, Mrs Pickering, or shall I ?" said Inspector Sharps,. "Oh, I'll take 'em downl It's nb good: refusing now." She put her heads up to her hair, unrolled it, and laid the contents on the table. The detective carefully smoothed the paper out, until ten bank notes lay on the table. The inspector quietly placed them together. "Ten one hundred pound notes make a thousand pounds, the sum missed from the late Mr Hudson's cabinet. Not a bad notion at all, of concealing them, Mrs Pickering I I don't suppose any lady's hair was ever more expensively dressed, ma'am, And now if you'll put your bonnet on, I must ask you to return on shore with me." Five minutes later the Seagull steamed away without any passengers, the stewardess loud in her wonder and her moralisings. "Dear sakes alive ! So that was why she kept her hair rolled, and flew out at me last night. And me thinking it was all temper ! How we do misjudge people I" She-" I am only going to gire you one kiss, for you have been smoking.' He " But you told me you didn't mind it." She-" No. But Fido does." Mistress--" So you are going to leave my service ?' Nowwhst motive impels you to go away P" - Servant--" It's no motive, madare i it's a soldier." UHe-" 'he is a general favourite among. the men, I take .it." ?she", What ruski ? Lot !* o $e-"'T w.be:r gll 