LITERARY GOSSIP. last week, at the Adelaide University, Dr. Bevan lectured on Students' Songs in illustration of Student Life." After pointing out that rhythmic speech was the natural form in which man expresses quickened and exalted feeling, he said that, from rhythm to Bong was but a short step. He spoke of the purifying influence of good songs, and expressed the opinion that the camaraderie of music made the students a singing race. The one common affection was best expressed by rolling out a joyous chorus. After this he proceeded to illustrate, and referred to the abiding Inteqet Vita of the students' choir. This was sung in Latin with great effect, followed by the Gaudeamus film. Of the students' Bongs, which smacked of the olden times, he gave the famous Boar's Head carol of Christmastide, and told the quaint legend connected with it He did not find that students' songs of a very special character had been largely used in the English colleges. The German student was essentially a singing man. Hem followed examples of the rollicking and other characteristic songs of the German students, breathing of sentiment, wine, tobacco, and hearty enjoyment of life These were read and sung, the lecturer reading one with hearty emphasis, and the students singing the other with equal gusto The students at Australian universities are accustomed to enliven the annual ceremonies with snatches of songs, but Dr. Bevan did not touch on any of their efforts. Thopuhlicationjustannounced of Mr. Oscar Wilde's play "Salome," calls attention to the increasing number of modern plays now being published Pinero, for instance, has issued in book form " The Times," "The Profligate," " The Cabinet Minister," and a number of others. "The Second Mrs Tanqueray," however, which is to be played at the Lyceum Theatre to-night, has not appeared in print. A number of the plays produced at the Independent Theatre in London have also been published. With regard to Gilbert Parker's " The Trail of the Sword," published serially in the Illustrated London News, a curious coincidence is related. The story treats of the country that was held by the Hudson's Bay Company, and Mr. Parker wished to take for his chief character Du Lhut, a noted con cur de Bois. Happening to mention this to Conan Doyle, he found that that writer had put the same man into his " Refugees." So Mr. Parker put Du that out of his mind and found a hero in the person of Pierre le Moyne of Ibennlle, courtier, horseman, soldier, sailor, filibuster, discoverer. The author of " Pierre and his People " is now in New York prior to a tour of Mexico and Japan. The succession of Lord Rosebery to the Premier- ship means the addition of another volume to Messrs Sampson Low's " Queen's Prime Ministers." who will write it remains to be seen. Froude's " Beaconsfield " was the first of the series, then came Dr. Dunckloy's Melbourne, and Mr Justin M'Carthy's Peel." The fourth monograph was Lord Lorne's on Palmerston, The fifth Mr G, W. E Russell's on Mr Gladstone, the sixth Mr. H. D. Traill's on Lord Salisbury. Sir Arthur Gordon wrote on his uncle, Lord Aberdeen, and Mr George Saintsbury on Lord Derby, while Mr. Stuart J. Reid 99 engaged on Earl Russell. Except the " Life of Pitt," which work he contributed to Macmillan's famous " Twelve English Statesmen," and in which series his colleague, Mr. John Morley, wrote " Chatham " and " Walpole," the new Premier has done little in the way of authorship Some years ago he wrote for the Scottish History Society a preface to " A List of Persons Concerned in the Rebellion (1745) Trans- mitted to the Commissioners of Excise." Lord Rosebery's inaugural addresses to the students of the Universities of Aberdeen and Edinburgh have been published in pamphlet form , as also have been several of his most noted speeches, including Reform of the House of Lords." The Prime Minister's mother, the Duchess of Cleveland, has also achieved something in the way of authorship Recently she wrote an account of Norman lineage for a publication of the Battle Abbey Roll, and last year she had published her compilation, " The True Story of Kaspar Hauser," from official documents. Lord Rosebery's father, three years before his death in 1851, produced a little book entitled "Address to the Middle Classes on the Subject of Gymnastic Exercises " Mr. J. M. Barrie made Lord Rosebery the first celebrity in his delightful little "Edinburgh Eleven," published a few years ago. " The first time I ever saw Lord Rosebery," he says, " was in Edinburgh when I was a student, and I flung a clod of earth at him. He was a peer , those were my politics " Mr. Bime's prophecy in the following paragraph has come true, and, considering that it was written about five years ago, says much for the novelist's foresight and judgment -"Sir William Harcourt has been spoken of as a possible Prime Minister, but surely it will never come to that. If Mr. Gladstone's successor is chosen from those who have followed him on the Home Rule question, he probably was not rash in himself naming Lord Rosebery Lord Rosebery could not now step up without stopping into the Premiership" "Though a great reader, he is not (continues Mr Barrie) a literary man like Mr Morley, who would, however, be making phrases where Lord Rosebery would make laws " Mrs. Humphry Ward's new book " Marcella " was to be published simultaneously in England and America on Tuesday, 3rd April. is a story, " Marcella " touches many things of social urgency, but Mrs Ward's endeavour has been not to make it an illustration of any thesis, but one of personal character. The novel will, it is said, appeal particularly to women. It is a story with a purpose, and it aims to show among other things, what a young woman can accomplish in the way of good works if she sets about them in a determined spirit. " Marcella " is not so long as either of Mrs. Ward's other boy els. It will have as a frontispiece a new portrait of the author A second edition of Mr Thomas Hardy's " Life's Little Ironies" is nearly exhausted already. Messrs Osgood are to publish a story by the late Constance Fenimore Woolson It is entitled " Horace Chase," and the plot opens in South Carolina. Messrs. Chatto are publishing Mrs. Campbell's Praed's now novel, " Christina Chard " It is dedicated to Mr. George Boughton, the painter Mr. Walter Besant's " Rebel Queen " and Mr. Christie Murray's " A AVastcd Crime" are shortly to appear in cheap form. " Needs Must " is a three-volume from the pen of " Pamela Sneyd," which is to be ready immediately. "Pamela Sneyd" IS MISS Amelia S C Young, as for the first time will appear from the title-page of "Needs Must " The first of the Turgueneff sales which Mr. William Heinemann is bringing out will be the novel] " Roden." It may be looked for some time in May, hardly sooner, and afterwards will come Tur gueneff's other continuous tales, " Liza," " Fathers and Sons," " On the Eve, " Virgin Soil, and " Smoke." Each will be in a single volume, unless an exception is made of " Virgin Soil," which is longer than the others. A year or so will be occupied in the publication of the air, and then Turgueneff'a short talks will be begun. Mrs. Constance Garnett is the translator. Mr. Harry Furniss has resigned his position on Punch. He is about to start a publication daily, weekly, or monthly of his own, and in order to do Una he is giving up all the work until the present associated with his name. With the exception of Doyle, Mr. Furniss is the only member of Mr. Punch's staff who has ever left " the London Charivari." Miss Olive Schreiner was married on Sunday (25th February to Mr. Cartwright, a young colonist of forcible character, with advanced views on South African politics. The bride will still be Olive Schreiner, for she has no intention of changing her name. They propose to live on a farm far up the country, in the Karroo. Mr. Cartwright is about 30 years of age. Messrs. Sampson Low, Marston, and Co. have in the press for early publication " The Story of My Two Wives, by one of Their Husbands." It will be in two parts, " My First Wife, by Her Second Husband, and "My Second Wife, by Her First Husband ," and will also contain an editorial preface by Eldon Phewfees, Esq., and an authorial introduction by Mr. Timothy Moleskin, husband of the two Mrs. Moleskins. Mr. Andrew Lang a going to publish, through Messrs. Longmans and Co., a new volume of poems, to be called "Ban and Arrive Bau a Rally of Fugitive Rhymes , " also a series of papers on " The Cock Lane Ghost and CommonSense. Messrs. Longmans have also in the press a "History of Marriage, Jewish and Christian, in Relation to Divorce and Certain Torbiddon Decrees," by Dr. Luckock, the new Dean of Lichfield. Mr. William Archer is translating Gerhardt Hauptmann's " Hannele " for Mr. Heinemann. " Die AVnber " may probably follow. Mr. Oscar Wilde's new poem, "The Sphinx," wich illustrations by Mr. Charles Ricketts, will be ready shortly. Messrs. Macmillan will shortly publish a volume on "Social Evolution," by Mr." Benjamin Kidd, which, says the Athenum, may be regarded from one point of view as an antidote to Mr. Pearson's "National Life and Character," and from another as a state ment of the place, for religion on social development. 