POLITICAL BOWLING GREEN. BY SCORER. HI T tell me that so " thorough " is the Minis- Mini programme even the extreme Labour i"iiihers are satisfied with it. Some of thein, I now, ure so. And what is more singular still, •.,11 the Conservatives of the Council are not i-pleased with it. These things are very .nderful in politics. No fellow can account for I..HI. At some times the Houses are in a mood . la.- satisfied with nothing. At other times thoy ill ,swallow everything with hardly a grimace. I ;iui told that when the Premier came to terms ii ii Sir Frederick Sargood there was surprisingly nle difference between them. And what makes. ii.- all the funnier is that Sir Frederick, all nough the general elections, was working ;•..iII~I the Turner party of which he is now a .HIHI'. SO you see there is as much of accident \- ..I principle in the side a man takes in elections. e was but one stipulation that Sir Frederick mli'. lie knew lie was joining a "one man one .y Ministry." He had an understanding that ; that subject he was to be free eiLher to ratire r vote against tho Government. measure. That is ...inci'd-d, I have heard since that the i mister of Defence lias agreed to the female ill'ia".', which includes the single male vote he M •.•ted to. everybody has wondered how on earth Mr. >ulfv found a way into the Ministry. 1 never aid understand it, because, although the Posti •-tor-General is a merry little soul enough, and I.* who Ins made no enemies, it is equally true rit he has made no friends. Mr. Duffy is a very -pwtable man and member, but a cloudless iiitii-ian, without strength enough to run up • itist anybody. How comes it, then, that this vntLi'iuan finds a portfolio and office, too, whilst ring men tro empty of both ? " Well, I'll toll m." whispered a friend the other day. " Turner ,ought by taking in Duffy be eould placate the .in in Catholic vote." So according to this a . IMI is sometimes an advantage in politics as .11 as a disadvantage. i i.n' of Patterson's friends told me tho other day i.it tlie ex-Premier is terribly wroth with himself .i 1 'being misled by tho Argus." And I have ••aril indirectly that tho newspaper in question|is i-t as savage over " beintr misled by Patterson." iii-ely a reconciliation ought to be easy here, for i-li misled tho other. Sir James reported that was everywhere certain of victory in the •niitry. And I know of positive knowledge that ii' journal was equally confident that thel'attern programme would " sweep the country." in'ielore there should be no further quarrel ••: vi ,vn old friends. Tin- struggle between Mr. Graves and Mr. ilason grows in intensity. Both of these gentleman are aspirants for the post and salary of hairman of Committees. Each is moving "all ;.' p nvcrs " to attain his end. Thirty months ago ..'V did the same. It was then a contest for the .•. •nil- of the followers of the Shiels' Government, -i-t fresh from the country. The Shiels party i iaciu.'us. 13jtli Mason and Graves on that • •.I-i• iii submitted themselves to the judgment : I lie caucus Mason got, I think, some ISU votes ; :\ives got 27. Graves retired, Mason got the ist. 1 don't know whether history will repeat ...If. It may or m»y not. for one thing, Mason has made a mistake. He i- to.) ready in declaring himself a partisan of I.- Patterson Government. That will tell against i:n with the Liberal majority now in the House, i Mr. Graves can only get a party vote he is .Ii'. Ir Mr. Mison can only secure a vote on •rs null issues, It? is safe. Graves is politically ii.- in ist popular. Mason is personally most • pillar. Hotli are equally capable. Between • .I MII'II CONTESTANTS it is not easy to predict. It still looks as if Sir Frederick Sargood is the . HI who is to bring the Ministryjtrouble. His is on defence are entirely on the unpopular i.' He will have it that military ablity lis a iug not to he found in the colony, and that • • must go to England for it. But this is a view iHng.s not shared in by the members of the i nistry ; and Sir Frederick will have'to knuckle i iv;n in many things. The majority of the .'unlet, haven't any idea of letting him have his Tuen there are other rocks ahead. The Post- ,-ter General, Mr. Duffy, declares that tho " I'lnment policy is to give "cheap money and i-'iity of it." Mr. Service warned the Ministry it so far as he could lead the Council be would iart any such measure. The new Speaker put : a seasonable word for the Assembly when he that the Lower Chamber would know how to i il l its rights. There may be nothing in this. ;t to me the portents appear ominous of a very ••silile collision. The manner in which Mr. Isaacs bowled down • <hmr opponent was not unexpected. Mr. •iguson never had so much as a ghost of a ,uci>. The wonder is that even so few as 197 ild be found to throw away their votes on him Ii >gong. hut Ferguson is of a tough nature. • had been vanquished by young Isaacs. Ho ill revenge himself,not by beating the Attorneyncral, but bv giving him trouble. He i6 of the -s-grained North of Ireland stock. Money and : ul ile were nothing so long as he made his • • inv uncomfortable. The result, of course, is a iter triumph than ever to Isaacs, and an added " niliation to Ferguson and Pattersonians. N..W the House and tho country are beginning lie aware of tho extent of Mr. M'Intyre's :i -mpeteney at the LandB Office. Those village 1 uleinents have been bungled to an extent liiinst incredible. At least, so says Mr. Best. ii - new Minister feels riled to think that he ia., to put right BO much confusion, lteally, it is very singular, this maladministration of the Patterson Ministry. It seems as if every man in it almost bus been stricken with an intellectual palsy. There ivus bundling everywhere to an extent never equalled except ill Mr. Gillies' railway administration. Wo are on the eve of great political work. Public feeling may be said to be on tiptoe. The colony has to face great issues. The new taxa tion policy will raise questions of the first magnitude. Mr. Turner cannot expect to pass his Land Tax and Income Tax without having to debate tho whole theory of land ownership, as well as the 'nationalising policy. These discussions will take the public mind quite up and away from the parish vestry politics of the last dozen years. Men will think and feel on a higher plane. Or, at any rate, they ought to do so. There will bo some'bitterness, of course. There must be hard things said, and hard thoughts laid bare. But on the whole, anything is better than the dreary stagnation of national intellect to which wo have been accustomed. After the land and taxation question we shall be but beginning. Tho Kailwav question must be settled. At present the people are being taxed, not by Parliament, but by the Railway Commissioners. The situation is unexampled and almost uubearalile. There are three men at tho Railways who have the power to lower the freights and fares whenever they please, and so tax the Victorian JCIOII.IJDO or .£2U(J,O0U a year at their pleasure. The people themselves have never yet fully awakened to the monstrousness of this situation When they do, they will make short work of the preseut system of management, which is about as cumbrous and inefficient as any thing ever seen. Then after the Taxation also there must come tho Tariff question. A tariff debate is endless. The reasons for and against Protection and Freetrade are in their very nature without the smallest chance of finality. Nothing like exact reasoning is possible, aud that is why after generations the same old arguments are ever arising again; the same answers are giveu and the same rejoinders. In a tariff argument no one ever wins, no one ever loses. Both parties leave off with the same views thev commenced with, just as in religion. Logic does not apply. Mr. Langton told us the other day that in tariff questions two and two do not make four. This, he said, bocause when you reduce the duties you increase your customs revenue. The Protectionists tell us the same. They say that when you put a duty on a thing you lossen its cost to the consumer, because internal competition is stimulated and monopoly broken up. All these tilings must, be spread up. The old battles will he fought, again. Each side will strive to show that tlie other is ignorant and stupid and dishonest. Whereas both are right, in defence of their respective interests. The oue tiling certain is that the discussions will educate the rising generation, just as similar discussions educated tho generation of twenty years ago. 