IGENERAL BRIEFS. One-third of the world is controlled by tit Anglo-Saxon race. The longest clock pendulum ever made Sis at of the Eiffel Tower-377ft. Over 20,000 men, women and children a did from snake bites in the year 1893 in s India. Leather trunks were made and sold in I Rome as early as the days of Julius t Cosar. For every widower who marries a widow there are eleven who espouse maidens. There are more strikes in the United t States than in all the rest of the world put together. No man of a less stature than five feet r nine and a half inches can enter the police force of New York. t A Waterloo veteran, in the person of Count Donnet-Vorget, has died at Paris at the age of 100 years. The Admiralty have given instructions for swimming classes to be formed at the Sheerness School or Gunnery. The largest bronze statue in the world is that of Peterthe Great at St. Peters burg. Its weight is about 1100 tons. A singular discovery has been made in Algeria on the site of the ancient Romuan a twn of Thamugadla, now known as Tim gad. Portions of a colossal statue, the s height of which is estimated to have been no less than nine yards, have been found. In Hungary it is the custom for the groom to give the bride a kick after the wedding ceremony to make her feel her subjection. This is a matter that suggests [ thought. The tail of thekangaroo is the fleshiest part of the animal. It is considered dainty food when boiled in its own skin, which afterwards may be drawn off like a glove. A vessel called the Islam detained at Glasgow because she is laden with contra band of war, supposed to be intended for one of the belligerent powers in the Far East. British Government does not want to pay another Alabama claim. There is one place in the world, at any rate, where the streets are literally paved with gold. At Johannesberg it has been found that stone recently supplied by a mine on the main reef for paving the streets yields six pennyweights to the ton. An American physician in Tokio is doing a rushing business by straightening the slant in the eyes of the Japanese. A fine silk thread draws up the eyelids and holds them in place. A few neat stitches are all that are re uired. The term "infantry" was first used by the Spaniards, in the wars with the Moors, to designate the bodyguard of a Royal prince, or infante. It was later extended to the entire body of foot soldiers, and finally adopted throughout Europe. Sometimes there are precocious boys other than Colonials. Our cable mes sages report the suicide by hanging of a little eleven year old Londoner, who took his life in a fit of pique because of being punished for a misdemeanor by the I deprivation of his dinner. Many references have been made re cently to the firatLady Mayor. But they have gone one better in the United States (says a London paper). The Police Com missioner of Leavenworth, Kansas, is Mrs Eva M. Blackman, who is, moreover, the editor and propriecorcf a newspaper, and is only twenty-seven! It is estimated that the sunflower plant draws from the soil and fexhales, in 12 hours, 12 ounces of water. The nerves are all connected with it directly or by the spinal marrow. These nerves, with their branches and minute ramifications, probably exceed 10,000,000 i number. Announcement that the authorities of Argentina have decided to allow the ex I tradition of the swindler Jabez Spencer Balfour is fully confirmed. The detective Sdt Buenos Ayres sent to arrest thein famous Liberator man has telegraphed "AlU right" to the Scotland yard authori ties. .alfour will get a warm welcome bhck to his native land. ;The domestic household of Bun-lan, the King of Annam, conslsts almost wholly of women, including a hundred wives, who are divided into nine classes, according to the station of life in which they were born. Thirty women guard the entrance to his private apartments. while five more are his constant personal attendants. M. Casimir-Perier, who is forty-six years old, is, with two exceptions, the youngest ruler whom France has had since Napoleon, at thirty, became First Consul. Louis XVII. at his accession was fifty-nine. Charles X. was sixty seven, Louil Phillipe fifty- seven. Thiers seventy-three; MacMahon sixty-five, and Grery seventy-one. Cavaignac, however, was only forty-six when placed at the head of the State, and Louis Napoleon, who succeeded him, was only forty. The death is announced of General Boulanger's mother, Madame Boulanger, nee Griffiths, a lady of Welsh birth, at the age of ninety-three, in the apart ment in Paris where she had lived for umany years. She had been in a wander ine state of mind, her faculties having declined about the time when her son's popularity in Paris was at its climax. She was unaware of his expulsion from the army, or of his exile and suicide: the Iaelles Cemetery at Brussels. Valentine Vox seems to have found an imitator in an adopted Japanese girl of eighteen who resides in the province of Kai. Her foster-parents and neighbors were recently astounded by the discovery that the house was haunted by a most mysterious voice. Xio "ghost" could be discovered. At last it was found that the girl had developed an extraordinary facuvlty for ventriloquism. She had been exercising her faculty for the purplose of compelling her parents by adoption to restore her to her real mother. The trade in shrimps has grown so enormously during the last year or two that about four tons daily are despatched by the mail boats from Ostend to Dover, whence they are despatched chiefly te London and the great centres of Lanca shire and Yorkshire. They are caught on the sand coasts of Belgium and boiled ready for market, and packed in lhu-e hamuiersso as to reach breakfast tables in the English Midlands the next day. A little extract of liquorice destroys 5 the taste of aloes; peppermint water dis guises nauseous taste of salts; milk is a t good abater of the bitter flavor of Peru vian bark, and cloves that of senna. Castor oil cannot be tasted if beaten and thoroughly mixed with the white of an i egg. Another method of covering the nauseous taste of castor or cod-liver oil is a to put a tablespoonful of strained orange juice in a wineglass, pour the oil into the I centre of the juice, and then cqueeze a few drops of the juice upon the oil and upon the edge of the glass. As an instance of the courtesy of the Royal Family, it may be mentioned that when an artist went down to White Lodge the other day to make a sketch of the birth-place of our future Kinu. the Duke of York himself gave the artist all the necessary information, and was at nuch parns to secure the accuracy of the sketch. At last the Prince asked, l V Would you lire to have the baby in to e, draw from? You can if you like, yeaou S know,"he said; "but. candidly, it as not a whit different from every other baby, and at present I personally cannot see much myself except abundle of flannel !" The Wellman polar expedition has at rived safe and sound at Tromsoe, a sea port on the north-west coast of Norway. , The party got as far north as let. 84 deg. s and there came to a " dead-end," in the a shape of a solid wall of ice, which 0 effectively blocked further progress. Not being able to wait until the ice- wall E melted, the party bicd them back to home b and friends as fast as possible. Mean- a vwhile it is chilling to reflect that Dr g Nasen and his party are probably some- d where on the other side of that wall of i ice. 