t i FIF _IILASHES, Br ATIIA WESBrunI. CHAPTER I. A full summer moon overhead, casting bars of coft sheen athwart the trees in the public domain, Auckland, New Zealand. On a rustic bench, beneath the widespread ing branch,-s of a giant kauri pine, sat a half caste Maori girl, and by her side stall, hand some youth, wearing the dark blue uniform of Caversham's Horse. No Spanish gipsy could bast a more glorious beauty of face and form than Kiora Selby. Her mother daughter of the old Maori chieftain, To Paki, fell in love with and married one Tom Selby, a sergeant in the 6--th Regiment, and with her hand came many broad acres in the most fertile valleys of the Waikato, which th.e old soldier soon converted into a good payable estate. While Kiora was yet a chi:d her mother died, whereupon Tom Solby bought a snug villa outside the city, and sent his daughter to a boarding school until she be came old enough to take charge of his house hold. "And so you are going to-morrow,, Charlie," she said timidly, at the samne time toying nervously with her companion's palm between her own shapely hands. " Must it really be to-morrow ?" " Really and truly, Kiora," he answered. "' The horses were put aboard early this even ing, and we sail to-morrow at daylight." ' "How dreadful this war is,". she sayse in a low tone. "Ah ! dreadful, indeed, my darling, but we must notstand idly by, and see those mad fanatics the rebels murder and plunder innocent people. Since Rewi was driven outof the Waikato, the Governmente have done all in their power to induce the dis satisfied Maoriee to lay down their arms, and to live at peace with their Pakeha neigh. bara, but you see it is of no avaiL Tinore and his crazy brother have roused the Taranaki-tribes to open rebellion, and by so doing have unfortunately prevented one, Charles Stanton, from enjoying his Christmas dinner.under the same roof as Kiora Selby. \- l Dear Clarlie, no oue can regret that mis fortunemore than poor Kioras," siea answers, boftlv. Ch'arlie laughs lightly, then stoops for ward, until his moustache reaches Kiora's ripe red iisa. and-well the moon only knows what took place, for she was watching them. Her Moonship sees many things that lovers wot of. On this lovely evening there was no exception to the rule, for she observed, close by where Charlie and his companion billed and cooed at each other the form of a man, crouching low down behind a thick shrub, which completely hid him from the eyes of those he was evidently watching a man with a pale, vile looking face, which peered out of them from the screen of foliage with a savage gleam in his eyes. The apparel of the eaves-dropper wassimilar to that worn by the girl's companion, save that he had three narrow golden stripes nuon his coat sleeve at the wrist, which bespoke the man a non- commissioned officer. During a long chat, such as lovers usually indulge in, the watcher never stirred from his bent position ; but listened to every word uttered with a greed that was born of deep and absorbing interest. It wasonly whenKiora rose to de part that he drew further into the shade, and in eo doing made a noise which attracted the girl's attention. "What was that, Charlie?" she cried, nestling hereelf olose to the side of that gentleman, andl gazing round in alarm. " W\'hatis the matter, dear ?" "Didyou not hear a rustlinr noise? It sounded close to that bush there," she said. "Sweet Kiora, you are filled with strange fancies to-night," he said, gaily. "First, it was a shooting star, big with evil portent for me; now it is a noise as of some lurking assassin. Poolh! my girl; there is nothing save, perchance, some grasshopper looking for its mate." " Oh, Charlie ! I would give all I possess in the woxld to prevent you going to Tara naki." she saxd, with sudden energy. " Nonsense, why?" " Because I have got one morbid fancy that when we part to- night it will be for ever." S"My-darling; I-" " Listen to me, Charlie. Do yon believein dreams ?" "Dreams, certainly. I believe they are dreams; nothing more." The maiden nestled her small head, crowned with a coronet of raven hair, closer to his breast, and looking up at him with her large eyes, said, "I had a terrible dream the night beforelast-a dream in which I saw what took place as plain as I can see those trees before me now." " What did you see, Kiora ?" "' An encampment of armed men, situate on the margin of a lovely lake, and sur rounded on every hand by high rugged hills, treeless and barren in the extreme," she responded. in a low hushed tone. "Beyond the tents, on a green patch of award, my dream disclosed a solid square of glittering bayonets, in the centre of which were three posts standing up right. On those cruel stakes a man was being tied hand and foot, to be flogged like a slave. My God, it wasterrible." The trooper put his arm about the slender form of his companion, for she had begun to shiver like one in a fit of ague. "Did you recognise the features of the un fortunate fellow at the triangles ?" he asked presently. " I did." "And you knew him." " Yes." "Who washe, Kiora ?' " Yourself, Charlie ! Oh ! theunutterable anguish depicted there. Oh! the misery, and the despair, and the sickening, dreadful blows that fell upon my ears like some shud dering horror, too great for mortal heart to bear ! Yet I was compelled to gaze until the dreadful work was ended. Then l heard a loud shout away towards the cliffs, aL? look ingthence, beheld a great horde 9t Maoris rush like a mighty avalanche upon the square of armed men, and dispmrse it into a hundred fragments. Then all became chalos and con fusion, iptermingled with shouts and cries, and a vision of the man who had been degraded mounted upon a saddle and bridleless horse, his bare and bleeding back glistening con spieuously above the crowded melee, until tuossed to and fro like a worthless waif, he went down amid the tide of battle, and I saw him no more.' Charlie Stanton stood silent for a minute. A feeliog of some nameless dread began to steal over him at Kiora's recital, but he shook it off and replied in a bantering way : " Preams are all my eye, sweetheart. In deed, it has been said by some crusty old bachelors that dreams are like ladies-- thley followthe rule of contrary. Come, hold up your head, my dear. I ahall return to you ere the new year is many weeks old with all my honors thick upon me." "'I sihcerely trust you may, my dear Charlie," said the girl, with a fond look, in which there rwac yet the sadness of her ugly dream outlined, and then as if anxious to chance the subject she added, " Look, how beautiful everything seemes under the sheen of thb moon. What a lovely night." They went on: into the soft glow arm in arm--she ploadingfor his promise, he laugh. ingly resisting her. Onward, down the green elopes, strewn with murky shadows that seemod to swallowthem up and leaveno trace behind. lBy:anl-byo the lurking figure came forth from his lair, and stood up in the full light of the moon-a tall, dark man about thirty years of age, face sallow and closely shaven, displaying a wide, sensaul month and strong, determined jaw, filled with firm white teeth. "So here yeaou are, Sergeant Clement Erley, playing the spy," he muttered, spos trophising himself, a sinister-gleam m his eye the while. "Why, who would have thought the ring-do.ca would select thbis spot for their senseless chatter-almost under my nose? Humnh! my limbs are racked with pain and cramp. Confound them both. What the devil can there be about this weak, fooling dandy, that she should prefer him to a better man? Aye,onen who carera more for her than he does,... He stood with folded arms a moment, watching the direction they had taken. !'There you go, Chalie Stanton, with the irfls hand of me, but take cuare. my lad, I don't oheckmate you. "or ten years you and I have been what modern society calls friends, Charlie; but modern society little' dreams how I hate your friendship. It has robbed me of many things I had set my heart on, even the love of this proud wench-who has thouaht fit to treat my advances with scorn and insult, since you have taken the field. Charlie, mon cher. Well, well! I am content to bide my time, Kiora Selby. Dreams have been fulfilled ere this. I have the cue, my weak-minded spark ; and it shall go hard, but I will use it to advantage, when opportunity offers. He followed in the wake of the lovers with a,elow and meditative step, his head bent, and his hands clasped behind his back. " If my friend Stanton has one trait in his character more prominent than another it is an easy, simple belief n tno truth and good. ness of his fellows," he muttered. "No fool's paradise too great for Charlie. I have made a study of the man, not becauss I love him--but beoeaso he is my opposite A soft humbug, that cannot say No, for the life of him. Charlie, mon ami, you are as the potter's clay tomy hand. Let me see if I cannot play you against charming Kiora Selby and her broad acres." Sergeant Exley, of Caversham's Horse, quickened his pace, crossed the park and entered Parnell, thence his walk became slower, until he reached Shortland Place Here he halted and stood watching the front of a pretty villa on the opposite side of the way. There must have been something very attractive here to engage the Sergeant's atten. tion, for he remainedon the spot aose on two hours. He was still ieitching and waiting, when a yo'ung mnia issued from the house, humming a favorite operatic air. "Hallo, Charlie ! well met, dear boy. Where have you been ?" cried Exley, in a surprised yet pleasant tone. "Just ran over to bid the Selby's cood bye," replied Stanton. "IBut what are you doing down this way, Ealey ?" " Ah ! taking a walk under the moon to view the city. I guess we shan't have another opportunity, to view the spires of Auckland by moonlight for some time to come. Truth is, Charlie, I'm glad to have met you." "Why, pray ?" " Because I was just making my way to the Albion, where I've prodiised to meet one or two folly fellows to take a parting glass. You will jom me, of course ?" '` My dear Exley, nothing would give me greater pleasure." "Come along, then, it is late." The pair went arm and arm through.the silent streets. Stanton happy in the thought of his sweetheart; Exley, quliet brooding like a man who foeel his way to some un known goal. CHAPTER IT. Thera are few scenes in 1New Zealand more grardly rugged than the Oban Valley, Tara naki, the spot where the volunteers had fixed their bivouac on the 24th of December, in anticipation of meeting the rebel Maoris. It was Christmas Eve, the time night, a calm lovelynight, with moon and stars studding the dark blue canopy of heaven-as on the night of the advent of the Master, nearly nineteen hundred years ago. The camp was comoosed of six hundred rank and file of the Auckland Rifles, to gether withone troop of Caversham's Horse. The latter had pitched their tents on a small hilt adjacent to where the commissariat stores badbeen piled and covered over by a large tarpaulin. Of the sixtymen of the troop, ter of their number had been told off as a guaro, under the charge of Sergeant Extey. The supply of grog and provisions are only limited and needed but one sentry at a time to keep watch and ward over them. There were six quarter casks of rum standing in a row flank ing the stores. The sergeant called the guard together about the watchfire end said : "Comrades, I need hardly remind you of the general order issued this morning. We are under martial law here in the field. Colonel Bartopp, as you all know, is a very strict officer, and will punish the slightest neglect or carelessness with severity. • Mind that, and, aboveall, remember that any man found neglecting his duty will most assuredly go to the triangles. You understand ?" They appeared to understand very well; they glanced towards the rum puncheons, and. thought the sergeant a worthy fllow to con cern himself about trlpr welfare. There were others about the fire who did not be long to the guard. One, a short, brosd shouldered, jolly- looking fellow, who had evidently seen more of the ocean than terra firma, if one mightjudge by his gait and his conversation. His name was Bob Cable, and while the sergeant warned his men, was deeply intent attempting to balance a camp pot on the rough nose of a magnaficent water spaniel at his side. The experiment with the dog appeared equally interesting to another individual, viz., a bare.legged Maori lad about fourteen, who stood by with gaping mouth. The boy, who answered to the com de guerre of " Sandfly," was one of that gender known as a camp-fog and general knock about among the troopers. He could speak English pretty well, so tar as lying went, and was withal one of the most mischievous young vagabonds in 3Maoriland. As thte night waxed apace, there arose a keen east wind, which made tihe air biting cold and ret the white tents shivering like so many sheetcd ghosts under the moonlight. The Maort lad, prowlini aohout for some place of shelter for the night, found a enug corner beneath tio tarpaulin which covered the setorts, and there retired to rest without more ado. The party round the fire gradu. ally thinned until only two persons remained seated by it -- Charles Stanton and Bob Cable. It was easy to perceive that a warm and sincere friendship existed between those twain, yetno isen were more opposite in person anddisposition. The one handsomo, gentclmanly, and refined in bearina, hut t ea'k and yielding to the verge of posillanimity. The other coarse, plain of person, yet obstinate and determined as a bulldog. How came these two to he friends?! Simply through one little act of kindnres. At the storming of the Maori stronghold ' TO rangs," Bob Cable lay bleeding to death outside the enemy's trenoh; from a severe gash in his side, received during the attack. The volunteers were repulsed, but at the risk of his life Charlie Stanton walked coolly out to the trench, and brought in the wounded man uponhis back, amidst a per fecthailstorm of Maori bullets. It was a gallant, kindly act, ahd Bob had often spoken his gratitude in language more forcible than polite. And here they it by the fire, with the dog between them, and a small flask of rum which has been emptiedlto the dregs in fighting their Waikato campaign over again. Presently there is a call for number four of the guard. Charlie Stanton rises hurriedly, wishes Cable "'Good-night," sna answers "Here." . it iehis turn for sentry, and he is marched over to relieve the man posted on the stores. Silence now reigns thrdughout the camp, save for the wild screech of thte pelew out yonder by the lake. Sandfly, rounoheal under the friendly covering of the tsrpaulin, is suddenly awakened froin his rosy dreams, by the sound of voices in the vicinity. Thi MIaori noise lessly lifts one end of thecovedring, and peeps forth. Sergeant Exley is standing with a pannikin in his hand, talking to the sentry in Slow, earnest tone. "Indeed, Charlie, I see no great harmin taking a glass of grog on such a cold night. We are not in town, where it could be easily obtained, therefore one must get itby stealih. Of course, you are on sentry, and can pro ventmytaking any, but 1 must say a small half pmint out ~st one of these casst woild never be missed." " Perhaps not," answered Charlie Stanton careleesly. " Pray do as you pleate yoa; have command of the guard; but I say, Exley, what about thatlecture you gave us reespecting General Orders and Colonel Bar. topp's stern discipline " The sergeant laughed in a quiet way and rephed, " .Wait until you're promoted again, Charlie, then adopt my plan. One aide for the men, the other for your friends. Surely ou were not impressed with my caution. Lord,.I feel inclined to roar sometimes atall he fuss and humbug put forth in General Orders or otherwise. Red tape and bunkum. Bunkum and mred tape, to the end of the ohapter. II bet Colonel Bartonp has not setired to his tent without a ekinful of good liquor. Why then should we,oomrade, who. have to watch through the long night in this sharp wind, not wet our whistle, when it is here ready at our hand ?" "Bravo, Exley I Very well aigued. My orders are to allow no one to meddle with the commissariat except the quartermaster, but, I repeat, you are my superior officer and there are the casks." "Good. Thus fellow here seems a little apoplectic. We will bleed him." " With all my heart, but how will you do it, through his bunghole?" cried Charlie, laughing." " No! Onlya bunglerwould go to work that way. See here, I have a gimlet. Now, keep watch whil I spile this fellow's frontis. pieoe" - . ClementExleyeast a triumphant look at his companion ore he went down on his knees to bore the rum puncheon. Had the good natured inconstant dupe seen that look he woild have thought twice before' hobnobbing with the subtle and crafty scorihdrel before him. But Charlie Stanton, measuring man by his own standard, saw nothing init savea goon fellow in want of a nobbler, and who had pluck enough to hazard his sergeant's stripes for it. Crawling from his lair as silently as a ser pent, Sandfly beheldExley holding the pan?i kin under a thin stream issuing from one of the casks. How the liquor hisg and gur gled as it spouted into the pot When the utensil was full, Charlie held his thumb to the hole until the Sergeant plugged it up again. "Now, comrade, take a nin." "After you," said Charlie politely. " The girls we left behind us," and the ser. geant put the liquor to his lips, but he did not drink any. "I'll give that pledge with all my heart," responded Charlie, in proof of which he almost emptied the pannikin at a draught. It took away his breath for the moment, but that was nothing, the night was cold. " What do you say, shall we refill the gob let, Stanton ?" "Byall means, Exley," and the pot was replenished. " I did not expect we were going to have such a jolly tine in general," said the sentry, seating himself on one of the puncheons, with the can of rum between his knees. " Come, Clem, take a sip and pass the decanter." I, a short time the measure was again empty, and once more refilled. The fiery spirit was at least twenty degrees over proof, and soon beron to ttll on the trooper. "We must be cautious, comrade, and not arouse the sleeping guard," said the sergeant, as Charlie became rather noisy. " It is now past midnight, and I don't expect the visit ing officer before four o'clock." "Oh, bother the visiting rounds--pass the pannikin, Clem." "I suppose you don't mind my relevr ing you when your two hours are up, Charlie?" " Not atall. I am content to remain here untildaylight, providing you leave me the gimlet. Here's your health, Clem, and may you live to be a general." The Sergeant watched him with glittering eyes. "Steady, comrade, you will be tipsy,' he said. "If Nonsense. Here, hold my carbine; the pot is empty." One a.m. by the sergeant's watch, and the sergeant's companion is growing thick of speech and rather prosy. In another half hour the poor dupe is staggering about. The sergeant watches him--watches him fallprone down, sight and senses gone. Then Extey knows that the bird is snared-the rat safe in the trap. The officer of the night begins his rounds earlier than was expected. At three a.m. the commissariat guard turned out at his summones, and was dismissed as correct. "How many sentries have you, Sergeant Exley?" " Only one, captain." "I will visit him." It was usual for two men of the guard and the non-.commisc;oned offcer in charge to accompany the officer when visiting the sentries. Exley called two of his comrades, who conducted the captain over to the stores, but, of course, there was no one to challrens their approach. " Halt !" cried the officer, "how's this? Where is your man, sergeant ?"he asked in a tone of enrprise. Before the question could be answered the Maori lad emerged from his hiding place and pointed out the dark inert form of the tipsy sentinel, stretched upon the ground fast asleep. A light was brought from the hut and they tried to rouse him, but -in vain. There anppeared no need to enquire how the man cot drunk on his post. The leaking cask, the rimlet and the pannikin half full of liquor on the ground beside him told its own tale plainly. " This is a very unfortunate matter," cried the sergeant. with well- feigned regret im his tone. " What is to be done, sir " " Done Why, your duty, Sergeant Exley,' of corse.' ' respondd the captain. " Carry the poor devil to the guard-tent, and put another man in his stead. I'll report to Colonel Bartopp on mny retoiurn, Morning camene with its rosy blush, tinging the hilltops and kissing the sleeping encamp ment into reiewed life. It found Sergeant Exley pacing moodily before the guard tent where his unfortunate victim lay slumbering off the fumes of intoxication. "Is this but the prelude to her dream?" he muttered. "Gad, it would seem so. Here are the circle of hills around, bare and treeless, overlooking the valley. Yonder the Oban Lake gleaming in the early sun, like a burnished shield. What moro l Shall the curtain rise to-day upon the first act of the dream?--the formed square, and the man tied to the triangles? We shall see. Charlie Stanton, it would have been wellhad you or I never seen ?.iora Selby. Poor wretch, sleep on. When thou wakest thou wilt see the cat ready: and now to snatch an hour's rest." He turned into the tent, and at that moment the voice of Sandfly, was heard calling for Snap, the retriever, who ran frisking towards the lad in great glee, and the pairraced down the hill towards the tent occupied by Bob Cable. (IO BE COTvrIUED.) 