OUR NOVEL. [N W FIRST PUBTJISHEDJ LITTLE WHITE VIRGIN, BY GEORGE MANVILLE FENN, Author of " Black Blood," " The Master of the Ceremonies," " This Man's Wife a. Eii's Children," ye, yet CHAPTER XX Continued). t( Tell me then," he said hoarsely, " the worst, I have no worst to tell, sir," said Clive, quietly. " You have been anxious then about the raine ?" " Yes ; I couldn't help it, my dear sir," said the major, nervously. " This sort of 1 thing is new to me, and it means so much. But there is something wrong about it." "Nothing whatever, sir." " Thank God," muttered the major. "So far from there being anything wrong, sir, I had a letter this evening announcing, on the basis of our success here, that in a few days the shareholders will receive an interim dividend of twenty per cent., which means, war, one-fifth of your investment returned already." "My dear Reed, you amaze me. It is marvellous. But never mind that now. You said you came upon grave business." of Yes, sir," said Clive, after a pause, as' very grave business to me." " Yes. Pray speak. You are in want of a little money ?" " No sir, I do not want money, I want time." "What is the matter then? Your voice is quite changed." Clive was silent again for a few moments, and then, after glancing at the window, he said in a low, deep voice : " Major Gordon, the time has come for me to know whether I am to visit here again." "Come?-here'again? I do not quite ., . understand you, sir. Fray, speak out." I will sir," said Clive, earnestly. " I love your child." " We all do, sir," said the major, coldly. "Who could help it?" " Yes ; who could help it ?" said Clive in a tone of voice which told how deeply he was moved. " And now, as a honour- able man, I ask you sir, whether I am > still to visit here, or are my visits to cease." " Have you told Dinah what you have told me ?" " Not a word, sir." " That's right." " How could without your leave ?" True. Well, Mr. Reed, will be frank with you. A. short time back I had not thought of such a thing. I welcomed you here selfishly, as a visitor who would relieve the monotony of my existence. ' Then, sir, I began to like you, and then by slow degrees I began to see that I had either made a great error, or else fate was working as she always does, silently. I have been much exercised in mind as to what I should do, and ended by acting on the defensive, leaving the enemy to declare his plans." " And am the enemy of your peace, -sir?" " Mr. Reed, you are, I fear, the enemy of my daughter's peace, and I say to you, sir., as one who has shown himself to be a man of honour, if there is anything likely to militate against my child's happiness, for heaven's sake, sir, speak out, and let this end at once." " You say you will be frank with me, (sir; I will be frank with you. Not many months back I was engaged to be married." "And broke it off:?" said the major, > sharply. " No, sir ; I was a poor weak lover, I -suppose. Too much immersed in business. The lady chose another, or, poor girl, was > tricked into another engagement, and is married. I came down here, half mad v with despair, to forget my cares in work and instead I have awakened to the fact t there is still happiness for me if I can ' win it." "Ah," said the major. "In plain \- English Chaff, sir, you wish to speak to Dinah ?" "Yes." , "You are aware, I suppose, that she was nothing but her own sweet nature k with which to endow a man." "I never asked myself that question, \- -air." "Of course at my death she will have a few thousands on whose interest we now are." % u Will she ?" said Clive quietly. " Yes and you, Mr. Reed ; it is my duty as a-father to ask you a question or two. Will your position as manager of this mine enable you to keep her, not in affluence, but modest comfort ?" " I think so, sir," said Clive, smiling. " That's well. But there, if-I say if this goes on, she shall have half my shares at once. A fair white virgin shall go to the altar with so many white virgins in her train." " My dear Major Gurdon," said Clive, grasping the old officer's hand, " don't you . know?" " Know, know, sir. What ?" " That exactly one third of the White Virgin shares are mine, beside a great deal of property my father left. I suppose I am what people call a very rich man." "What!" cried the major, literally dazed, " and you work like you do ?" " And why not.? It is for myself-for the shareholders-for you. It was my \- (father's wish, sir, that this mine should \- prove to be a great success, and it is my sacred duty to make it so." " " But-but, my dearReod, you must be a millionaire?" " I suppose so said Clive, quietly. " Then it will be impossible. My poor V child could not marry so u wealthy a man." " Then I must make myself poor," said » Clive. " Bah ! what has money to do with it P Major Gurdon, I came down "" here to find rest and peace let me find v happiness as well, and that the world is not all cases . ' "I hardly dare give consent," faltered -is the major. " You are the first, sir, who has ever approached her in this way, and I could not help seeing how day by day A she has brightened and seemed to grow snore restful and content. It has been as if she felt that with you near she could see at rest, that you were at hand to project her, and that the poor old father was [The rights of publishing "The White "Virgin" have been purchased by the pro ] , members of the WEST AUSTRALIAN.] 18 growing to be nobody now. Ah, Reed, she has ceased to care for me as she used." "Father!" "You here, DinahP You heard what we said" " I heard you tell Mr. Reed something that you cannot mean." " You heard no more ?" "No, dear; but why?" She stopped short, with the colour flushing to her cheeks, and her heart beating heavily, for Clive softly took her hand. His voice was very low, and there in the soft darkness of the autumnal evening, he said earnestly Miss Gurdon-Dinah-I have dared to tell your father that I love you with all my heart, and begged him to let me tell you so. Not as a dramatic lover, but as an earnest man who would have but one thought, dear, if you gave him the right to make your life peaceful and happy to end. Dinah-my own love-can you give me that right ?" Her hand struggle in its prison for a moment, and then lay trembling there, as if too - firmly held by the strong fingers which formed its cage. " I-I fear-I ought not-I-" She faltered these words painfully; and then, with an hysterical cry, she nestled to him. " Yes yes," she cried ; take me, and protect me, Clive. I do love you, and will love you to the end." "My darling !" he whispered, as he clasped her passionately to his heart, just as the dog burst out into a furious volley of sorrows and barks, mingled with sounds as if he were struggling hard to tear away his chain. Dinah nestled to him more closely, and the start she had given at the dog's bark- ing gave place to a sense of safety in those two strong arms. "Are you content, sir?" said Give turning at last as he drew Dinah's arm through his with a sense of possession which made his heart beat against it heavily. But there was no reply, for the major had gone off to see what had alarmed the dog. "Nothing that I can see," he said, upon his return. "Why, of course ! Clever dog He scented a thief." "A thief?" " Yes, my dear, a scoundrel come to try and steal away my darling girl." "Ah!" A low sigh and a shiver of horror, as Dinah shrank away as if to flee into the house ; but as she felt Clive's arm tighten about her she clung to him once more. " Why, you silly child, don't you understand a joke ?" cried the major. " I mean this fellow who is holding you now and you not shrinking in the least. But there, it is a time to be serious now. God bless you, Clive Reed ! You have solved one difficulty in a declining life. I have often said to myself, ' What is to become of my darling when I go ?' Now I know and can go in peace." Two hours later, with the kisses of love moist upon his lips Clive Reed started for his lonely walk back over the mountain side. CHAPTER XXI. ALARM NOTES. Dinah Gurdon sat near the shaded lamp with her eyes directed toward the open window, and her face transformed by the thoughts within her breast. For the love light burned brilliantly in those softened eyes, and the happy satisfied look of one restful, content and at peace, was there. The major sat back watching her, with his brow wrinkled and perplexed by his troubled thoughts as the clouds floated by, BOW shadowing the sunshine of his life, now making it look the brighter as they passed away, and left it clear. For there were thoughts within that were quite new. Naturally he had felt that the time would some day come when a man would step between them and take away his child's love ; but this had seemed to be something belonging to the fact Ireland when the new manager of the mine crossed his path, and the friendly feeling had increased, he, the father, had gone on blindly, never thinking of the possible result, or, at most, giving the idea but a passing thought as something too absurd to retain. And now the true facts of the case had come upon him like a thunderclap, and he sat thinking over the events of the evening and watching his child. Now he was happy, rejoicing, and satisfied that her choice should have fallen upon so frank and manly a fellow ; now his selfish feelings were aroused and mingled with a kind of petty jealousy that made him sigh with discontent, and then task himself mentally in his annoyance that he could be so unfair. He spoke at last, after war bro g to see whether Dinah would awaken from her pleasant dream to the present, and it was in a teasing, half malicious strain that he said: " I hope that fellow will not go making short cuts to-night, and break his neck down one of the old shafts. Dinah, my own darling ! Don't, pray, look like that," he cried, as he sprung from his seat, and caught her in his arms. For she had started up with her hands to her heart, pale as death, her eyes wild and strange, and her lips apart and blanched. "There, there," he whispered, as he held her to his breast. "I was only teasing you. It was all nonsense. No, no ; don't sob like that. Why, my pet, you are weak still, and as nervous as can be. It was only a joke. He is too keen and clever to make a mistake like that." She clung to him, fighting hard to suppress her hysterical sobs, till she grew calmer, but she clung to him still. " Ah, that's better he said, tenderly, as he stroked her face and kissed her forehead. " That's right., It was very brutal of me, but I never thought you would take my idle words like that." He held her tightly to him, and felt the throbbing heart and heaving breast gradually, calm down. "Then you love him very dearly, Dinah?" She raised her pale face, and looked full in his eyes, gazing at him in silence for a few minutes before she replied simply : " Yes, father, I love MIK very dearly." The major drew a long breath as he nodded his head slowly. " Yes," he said, " and it is a different love to that of a child for her father. It will not make any difference, dear? I know ; you need not tell me. I shall not grow to be lonely desolate old man." Dinah's arm stole round his neck, and she had her cheek to his. " You know that, dear," she whispered. " How could stroke any difference to us ?" " No ; it can make no difference, my darling, save make me happier. But only to thing of it. Which of as could have said a few months ago that our quiet life here would be changed as it has been, turning into a greedy speculator and holder of mining shares, the most ephemeral of property, and you giving your treasure to this base intruder-no, no, I mean . this prince in disguise, who came to the, castle to ask for my hospi pitality. Ah. we can't see into the future." "Why did you buy those shares, dear ?" asked Dinah as she rested her head on his shoulder. " Hang the shares ! they are an excitement and worry. No, no , they are not. It's quite right. I'll tell you : I bought them because I wanted my darling to be independent far above want when I go away on the long journey !" " Father! " cried Dinah, wildly. "Hush, my pet. Nervous again ; 1 can feel your heart beating. Why of course, I must go some day. And now this fellow Reed has somehow got held of my confidence as well as yours. I trust him, you see, just as you do, my darling, and and Dinah, he's a fine fellow a fine, true hearted, manly fellow, and I won't be a miserable, selfish old man, but happy and contented, and glad that my darling's choice has fallen upon so genuine a fellow. There : do you hear, my pet ; I am heartily glad, for I like him. God bless him! God bless you both !" The arms clung more tightly round the major's neck, and a shower of kisses fell upon his cheeks and lips. " It's quite right, Di-quite right. You are growing strong and well again. He has done you some good. There is no reason why you should not love him and make him the best of wives." Dinah's arms relaxed a little, and her cheeks which had begun to flush, once more turned deadly pale.' "There is no just cause or impediment why you should not love him and beloved But not yet Di, not yet." The major did not see the frightened look at that moment as it intensified in his daughter's eyes ; but he did directly after as the dog's chain was heard to rattle as it burst into a furious baying. " Confound it ! there must be someone about," said the major, angrily. " There, there don't turn white like that." " No, no, don't, don't go," whispered Dinah, clinging to him. " Not go ? Why, you little coward. I must go. Where's my stick. It's one of those mining camps." Dinah shuddered. " After eggs or chickens, for a so very eign." Don't don't go, father," whispered Dinah, hoarsely, as she clung to him tightly. " Not go ? Why what has come to you, Dinah ? This will not do, little one. I have only to hurry out and scare anyone who is there into fits. Guilty conscience, you know." She stared at him wildly. " Why, my darling, I thought you were getting over this nervousness," he said, tenderly. " You used not to be like this. Well, I will not go ; but I must do something to scare him, whoever it is." She made no answer, but clung to him half fainting, and he helped her to a chair, noticing the while that she was gazing ex- citedly towards the open window. The dog was silent now, but as the major went to the window, and shouted a few words to it, it responded with a sharp, clear bark or two, and its master returned. " Scared away without my help," said the major, coming back again, and speak rug lightly. " Come, come, this will not do I shall have to tell Reed what a little coward you have grown. Why you look as if you had seen a ghost. It's all right now "Whoever it was has gone, or the dog would not have calmed down. Noth- ing stolen this time I'll venture to swear. There, he cried, as he shut the window and closed the shutters before turning to where Dinah sat fighting hard to be calm, and noticing that she uttered a sigh as if of relief, " if you turn like this my dear, I shall begin to think that we are living in a lonely spot too secluded for you, and look out for a place in town." "No, no, I'm better now," she said, with a sigh of relief. " Of course you are, my dear. There's a sturdy protector, too, for us now, eh ? There, there," he cried, bending down to kiss her. " Go to bed : you're a bit over- done my darling ; this has been an excit- ing evening enough to upset anyone's nerves. I'm off my balance too. First, I have had to deal with one marauder who comes to steal ray little ewe lamb, and I get rid of him to be permitted to keep her a little longer; and then comes another would-be thief. Dinah ! my darling child !" he cried, as she rose to fling herself into his arms and cling to him more agitated and overcome than ever." " There, there, I must play doctor. Dose for soothing the nerves : eight hours' sound sleep. The medicine to be taken instantly. Off with you. Good night!" To be continued on Saturday.) 