A Trip from Queensland to Europe and Back. A FEW EXTRACTS FROM MY DIARY. (Br I. W. Le GRAND,) No. VIi. July 1.--Intending to go on the Continent and taring leit my cli paceport in Qoecelaend, I thought it nwonid he saine to he armed with another. Daring the Franro-Froenian war in 1871 1 wan travetting to the continent. Alt went right anti) I coached Lillee a frootier t.own. Oar train teaemed etowly into the station and was immediately enoireled by a, regiment of soldiers with bayonet. ep--" All, change here I" Ehoea who bad contrabandI peed. In dentate were eroneuted into a ealoon anud looked in. I, with seereral ethers, stead on the platform, having on dutinhie goods to da. elare. An cuone eame np natd demanded my pasepeprt. I shtwed it. Me looked donhtfully at ma and beokened for another ct~eer. A third eame up and maid "He ie a German, l'h emenr; Iheardt him hilking with that passenger. TPhe pans Is cleverly gut op. hot he is a spy 'rghi enoegh." I heard a voice behied the soldiers say "He in another one te ha ehat to morrow moorning at 8 a'olock." Piy passport wan pae~ly read over again by the eeound ctqeer, who remarked "Tne name as Preach ; his anoean, proes. him to be a barn Germana and hers he earries an English passport signed by Lord Stanley-- ar.rest him."'" By sno soldiers and as offleer I" was marohsd tif In tie coes at the Commisetoner of Policep where I demanded to be brought before she B~ritish Cancel in that town. Ibis nonansaga was esloctantly granteds, and I wats conducted by the cfleer, whn handed my passport and a letter le Mr. -? Alter perusal the old gentleman leokieg aver the tep of his ejineetoles reoeguiced me, and ezelaimed "Iseeyor father here, Robert?!' I replied. "H?o, air." "Then tall again at 4 e'oloot." He meets a very short note, handed it In the effiner, sand eaid "Conduit him with respect.0' Onon o~t~tiden the ceder was liven to down bayonets sad march in front tee deep. The cmeer sad I side by aide, behind, went hank to the Commissioner ci Police. Beots read "My loned, yos see free." I said '"Eodorsea my paecport is that elfstt," which wan donee stop, where sm I rnmhltuj on?. Contiensed from Jely 5. Beafore geelieg poecyori. I weal to the elfioe of my old saliaiaoe, ce Jread~etrest. fcc a nets of ideutifleatian. He previded iti and charged me f0e, jest for aid soqasutatone sakie, net having bein0 me for come time. His sobe net belneg aooepted lip the Consul. I hal! to get neoerhitflete of my birth. That did It. J uly 5.--I am not going tobhe jammed tin th~e crowd fo see ths peroneione, being informed that there are one cr twn piqkpoekets t?ill living in theivillage of Whiteehapef.. j[ am hot:er cot of the mey. The streets from Liverpool stereet to Charleg C3ross were crowded with pseoplssenddeooratedmwith ftngs, ftowers, mottoes, and preparations for gas sad e ectr~oillemisso tioes. Shop froetc were taken cat en Cheap "ids sad sease fieed there foe hire to-eaorrew. Jely'7.--Thie moreing the papere are full of the grand royal wedding. My nephew Johnny and I went out together loease toe great water show and fcrectry sobib~tinu at Earl'. Court. This pianes ic a great attroelion all day auntl 10 p,.m. Every oseeeivoble game wan carried out en the water ; bcat.linds of people came sliding down a monutntin with great veloleiy into the water. and hounding into the sir several time?, making a grent eplash. Nonasroes small sleighs and bieycles with per. sons on them dressed in enalioao ooatumes were also sliding down. The imitation walrus got looses, and the oboes after him, the capsizes el the heats, jemping Iron a tropcne at great height lute the water, a naval nngegemeut. heat ratsoe, and water bieyclec, awimeeing -matohis, live monkeys to boats going satress the iske. all contrihnted to the general amuse ment. The escape and repacte of a peieoner from the hastile, whioh is built lull size, Is capitallyP enirind tot. A great number of Preneb ladito and gotiloaeaurerectd lo milittry and peasant oateamee march together arm in arm to Ohs open spaos In front of the bast~le and have a country dance, then ohat with the publio. Songse in Yrsnch and English areaoung in character. The ledies' hsnd was a great suoes.. E~arl's COurt is the plane for a good saW Mill. A. A--. She is lookirng well and Wain pleaed to see me. Aftnor lea we took a walk together and revived nur memories by relating the sport. we bad when we were young. nsty 11.-I went t? meet? my cousinS., W- at Aeon Slaiston ; She knew meaIt once. I gave her myarm and we walked home togethnr ; she iean oeseefol as ever, although over eaghty~foor year. old. JuTly 15,.-My brother sod I started this morning from here to Cherieg CrOss for Dover. q~h ooutr •lu?the Chatham end Dover aala ln sloong at it. boat, although dry. The corn field., hop gardens, and fruit orchards look to be well loaded. Teaw a man on s ledder gathering cherries. Ihat was my share of them. We eaw the old Cathedral as R~ochester. On the river Medway the sailing barges were busy working their way along. A veryr ebort stay at Center. bury, and we travelled fast to Dover. The old town looks very quiet, nothing of any importance going on here. O~d Dover Castle on the oliff looks as sound as ever. Croatiag the channel, lea valm. After a veryr large quantity of mail bags and hampers were hu,. risdu on oard, the ge¢ench patddle-ateamer "La Flandre" started with ne on boerd. The noise of the paddles on the water, and the vibration of the veosel and her short nee pitohieg ii not an pleosntias eothe liege BMS 6. Aroaot ; hut then m Lat Fiandee" is nut s quarte n hersne alethought a very feel little fdiosdrer, A gentle brer es sprung up. A good few, were seaseick, I wae oil right as wenal, only that the coiss of the paddles annoyedl are, aol keleg used to it-. Ilois a pretty eight ce a flee day like this to witness the flany vessels goleg in different directones. Trave~lles enong neross this bsou. eel and sot being en good terme with 1qeptone draw mighty loag lacer, nod are very little i-. terestud about their relations. We were three hours sod a hslf going ton West End. The oler muao orowded ned the people ohrered use. The red, bloc, white, nod pelonw psinted housee is thio town look very origienal ood eleno. New we talk Belge nod Feeceh if yen please. This is a quiet town ; teak a look. moond, some relresbnsente, and went by teamn to Cheer. At Ghost pat up at tbe hotel Do Care, and seek tea, then took a walk oct sod erqaired abont my friend the Senator 8--.. Racing hioeaddreso, we took a very comfort ably cosestrcoted trans us far us it wee', then walked for miles sloeg the banks of th.~ River Charid to Maria Kerke, Afltec esquhirig lit hoiog dark), we took a gaide nod arrived at lbs mansion of Secstor B-. soy shipmate oo hoard the Arcadia. We stayed lute talking ; were melited to stop till alter dinner 00 mor. rew but deolined1, for time wesld sot permit. Telephoned for arcab, and resched noar hotel Do Care at 11"45 p.m. all well. Jnly 16.-CGhest. After breakfast took a walk threogh the oity; wbioh is oat op with cannals. Large cottos fantories is fall swiog here. E?lsotric clocks at toe earner of otreels where pillow~boxos (fnr lettors) are ereoted. They ars very conveoiest by day aod night. The people are very obliging, bat whata fansy diateot they have!l At oar hotel the blind]. rollers acd polleys son of a partieularly simple design anud most preetioabls ; the tensios oclthe roller is moainsaloed in soy position ef the blind by a cord sod a leaden weight is the shape ol an anorn woithout spriogs or any other constrivasse. The fields are hsautifatly alsit. vated hers and covered with wheat sod rye mostly ont nod etandieg in cooks. Only a few ame working in the fields to~day, it beicg Son day. As we near Heoboas nal and Aix Is Chapelle--the great ttsocheeter of Belginm and Sooth Cermany--tho rhantry is rocky. I was quite pleased to think chat I wase stll able to speak the Belgians laotnage tuffiientety well to make all inqoiries nereseary. Here we had onr luggage examined again. Having no contraband goods we were scoon disposed of. Then we had cmie tea and a basket of p rapes nod retnroed to oar Belgians earriage, where ws found coo Cladatore hags pnt bach. The. carsee re sperbly fitted op wath lavatories, do, A nong way off Cologoe we could mee the towers of the great C3athedral. We cretoed at 8 p~m. ilsre bad some supper with a first bottle of good Rhine wine (Oberisget.ksimer.Rothe) Walked on the bridge till bcd-time. Cologne, fnly 17.--Doll morsing. Ak, by daylight, sow ma can see ths famous Dome nt Chln. My dear brother Alfred did sob haew a goadl night, be being nooh a light sleeper. The electrie bells on the railway line are ringieg oli night, and what wee morese an actor sod his wife were is the room adjoining ours. Be was an mad as a hatter, hsslioanin stood sad reherr~iag parts of Shakespeare's play in tha German laoguage, I went tcslaeop, because it was my watch below, and tlkf him "sponting.' His poor wife most have a lively time of it. 7"311 a~m. I have laid it not this morning. I most get op, that madman is still howling like a dog. Went over the old bridge ci boats to Deuto cod paid a visit there ; after oar retarn we went into the dome to see the largest cathedral Is Germany, a meagifiolest sdifioe whink took 610 years to bauid. It is_ well worth seeing. After disser we took tickets to Wiahaden,ohanged traiss atOeblesic, and soon fosod ost that we were in the wroegs train. Got ont at M'osslweis seatisa andl carried nor bags into the town to the Past inn and chatted with the landlady and her dasgh. tars while the hornes were being pot into the pastohalma which look us hack and caught ths next brai which emossed the Rhins. After a losg and magnifisient journey mp the tllf hank of the Rhinetpsanisg many old ruino I koow so welt, through the vineyards sod then again closes to she waterse edge, wa reached Wiobadon \--the beant.foal city--and went to nor hoisl. Wrote and poatod lettears. Ahont six moaths sgs I invited M?rs. H.. 1I-tn visit mee, and if she did not nems noon I wonld go to esher c. Jaly 18.--Fices we walked alosg Ohs Ham beok throogh abs oorantel gardans. The C3oorsael looks deseortsd. Na sosre Stongs it. Noir and ]Rosiette t that gresat gambling dna was pal a stop to by bbe Enspsror Wsilliam after ohs Fraaoo.Prosssao war.' Followang the brook's windings throogh this part, the trees- were leaded with prunes, apples, peare, and lute cherries, on both sides, brought se tc the duea old village of Sonnsmbsrg. Seen found Mn. B., hearty and welt at soventy shae orted with j oy to see m~y brotbsr anud melI we had a gusta? taik with hsr asd all the brasthesof hsrfxamily over achool.daes, seadging expedition, hosting an lbs Rhine, and hosidm'y knues in the phaltn. I bed to hi, interprstqr hers we all walked together up the suosntain to She ruiss ef eannsmberg Caitle Ito obtain a good view while diasusing our miss and oigars. Partod, end promatedbaomsiee sgin. West to the Distheomfihle tonaes Mr. W---,' and was iatrodscsd to his Enuglish wile ;now micaro all telkieg Enuglish together, ead~winbed themI a real Eaglish good.bye. Betoroed to Win.I baden, salead no MrsF. 8.31-. who was most ssrprisort to ass us. 'We astyed twenty' minotos talking, and aodd we woold amseagain tn.moorow. Misc dinnei wenst to the (Koch.? brunen) boiling well, I drank two glasee as bat an I sould, and Alfred pert of sac l it tastes like weak chicken 'broth. -Afterwards we strolled across lbs old bisaching grosnid where the epincters ussd to bleach their lines yarn ihet they span duriog the winier, Plrcm hirei there is a railway enuning up on cog-whesls In Nerobierg, from wheno theme is a grand vis.. sver Wieskalen in Mosbaeh, Sohierstels, sad upi andl dawn the Rhine. We look the sheam I tram bank to Wiabaden. Being inn late for the econsrt, ws went to the Huhensoliern Jedg of Fresmasosc. Here we had a grand reosp. tias. and had soms lively reparisea with oss another, I betog interpreter ;drinking was the order of the night until 11"30 p.m. Went bcms end slept like a tap. July 1G.--To.dsy we are bound for . the lemons inland waterisgpplaos, Langeosebwal. bash. (To be contisued.) 