: A SENTIMENTAL VIKING ' For an extraordinary study of an extraordin ary bharaoter, no modern novelist enn mntoh tho Bsgnmnu who, about 1200, wrote the sngn of Egil Skalagrimsson, now translntcd by the Rev. W. 0, -.Green.— As_thn. horo Jived about 950: 1000 'Inn narrftHvf nf hn rogardod ae absolutely authontio history. Mr. Freomnn, if wo are not mistaken, fell foul of this very saga, on not good evidence where it donls with Egil'a .service undor our King Atliol- stnue, in England. Mr. Froemen had littlo pationoe with sagas j tlio truth of ohnraote'r, and of manners, the clear, vigorous, ' romantlo narrativo did not console him for the lack of abaolute historical aoauraoy in fnots or dates. Tlie, ordinary raader who takes up Egil will also find that ho lias muoh to wado through, duller than the opening ohapters of Waverly, before ho gets into the full tide of tho atory. There is also tlio usual amount .of. bioudshod, often very repulsive, but Vikinga will be Vikings. - To be brief, Egil, son of Skalagrim, belonged to a .Northoiu family at feud with the groat Harold Fair-hair, who reduced all Norway under ono seeptro. Like othor foes of the king they woro driven out, and joined in tlie settlement of Ian- land, then n'oountry muoli warmer, moro tor tile nnd more habitablo than it is now. Skala grim, tho fathor, was a mighty warrior, prematurely bald, and given to that kind of martial hysterics called "sliapo strength," in whioh strength was im measurably increased, whilo souse was totally absent. Thus, in a kind of hockey on the ice, wlioro Skalogrim was matohed against his sen Egil, tlio fit oame on him, ho killed a lad, and would hnvo killed Egil, but his fury was diverted by a woman. Her he pursued on to a rook, and there slew Iter xvitii a large stone. Egil, atill a boy, came home late for dinner, nnd out of tomper, whioh he proved by calmly killing, without provocation, his father's steward. He had already slain, with a hill, at tho age of 7, a boy who had tlio hotter of liiin at hookey Such was Egil, a moody, murderous young lout of unnatural strength and gifted, even ns a child, with the art of poetry. His verso iB very good of its kind, and the study of this born poet, always singing in the intervals of robbory, battle nnd murder, is ono of tlio most curious on whioh tho mind can dwell. He wont out on a voyage of piraoy with his brother, Thorolf, and was treated only witli whey and milk by ono Bard, who was entertaining King Erie Btoodaxe. Thoy wero invited to tlio royal board, where Egil swigged horn after horn of ale, till tho witoh queen Gunnhilda sent a poisoned beaker. Egil had already insulted his host in n song ; ha now soratohod magic) runos around the poisoned horn so that it burst ; be then stabbed Bard, fled, swam to an Islo, slow his pursuers, seized -thoir boat and made off. His next feat was to rob some Courlanders, who fastened him to a post in a room with his men and made merry. But Egil tore up tho post, broke out of the house, robbed it, set fire to it nnd miu'dorod tho men within. This lie followed up by saoking a peaceful town, deeds whioh made him the darling of an earl's daughter, who liked men of enterprise. Thorolf nnd Egil now make for England, where they hear that Athelstane needs mon. Olaf tho Red, of Scot land, has swept Northum- bria. Now Constantino (lie who died in roligion at St. Andrews, " undefilod was the pilgrim") seeins rcnlly to havo boon King of Scotlnud at tliis period. Inanyossc, Egil and Thorolf play a kind of Throe Musketeers part ; thoy aro always in tho front, ndviso tlio King, lend a forco, nnd do great deeds, , Thorolf cut his way to Earl Firing's standard, Blay tho standard bearer, lifts tlio Earl over his head on his bill. Next day tho brothers are separated. Thorolf is to moet the Soots, who aro "ever loose in array," the loose oian charge that swept the plain at Gladsmuir, and elenred the gorge at Killiekrnnkio, and oleft tho first lino " on dark Drmnossie'e day." Thorolf tried to outllnnk tlio Scots, but was sinin in notion. Egil saw Thorolf'a standard going back, nud guessed that Thorolf was down. With his sword Adder in hand lie pierced the Scatcli ranks, slew their leader, and followed them far from tho field. Lata and woary ho returned, and sat over agninst Athelstane, tlio groat hall fire between them. He neither ate nor drank ; brooding over his brother's fall, he kept half drawing his sword, and thrusting it baok into tho soabbard. Then Athelstane rose, took from his arm a golden braoolet, placed it on his sword and held it out across the fire. Egil went down, and holding his own sword aoross the fire, caught the bracelet and put it on liis arm. Tlion ho sang a stave, and ate and drank. It is a wonderful scene. The shining steel, the savngo face, the golden ring in the glare of fire light Egil wont home with great treasure, hut old Skalugrim, after a last ride, in whioh be buried his hoard, died, and Egil had to drag the stiff oorpse from the high seat. He bruke down tho house wall, that Skaiagrim's ghost might not find the homeward way, and buried him on an isle. With all his msnslayings, poetry sat olosc to tho heart of Egil. Hb had a young friend, Einnr, also a poet, and thoy would talk all day of verso making nnd its difficult rales, just as If they wcro two minor minstrols of to-day. Once Einnr received a wonderful shield, inscribed with old tales, nnd crustod with gold, the gift of. nn.earl. His first thought was to give tho shield to the bettor warrior nnd minstrel, to Egil. So he went to Egil's house, who was from home, hung np the shield over his scat in the hall, and rode off. Egil came home, 'nnd pretended to be ill pleased. "Tlie wrctohed man, to give the shield I He menus that I should bido nwako, and oompose poetry about his shield. Now bring mo my horse. I must ride after him and slay liim." ButEinar was too far ahoad, and Egil, after this oharaoteristio grumble, made a stave after all. Unluckily tho sliield wns nfterwards spoiled by falling in to a tub of sour wiiey at a wedding. Egil removed the spangles, 12 oz. of gold. In a duel, where his sword would not bite, lie bit his opponent's throat olean through, like a Cameron of Lochiel in tho timo of tho Civil War. Egil grow old and blind when nbont 00. He conceived a plan of scattering all his treasure at a Tiling, or gonernl mooting, in tlie hope of a regular fight. He was persuaded not to onjoy this relaxation, and' finally buriod nil his hoard in a plnoo whero oairn fires are soen hovering. Tlio thralls who carried tlio oiioets nevor came book. Egil slew them, and their ghosts guard tlie treasure of Egil, Then ho died, and latar mon, fiuding his honos, could not oraolc his skull with an axo blow. Tlio bones, as Egil lind been signed witli tho oross in Knglnnd,, woro buried on tho verge of con-, secreted ground. This was tho oiicl of tlio pool Viking, one of tho moat unmitigated rudians Who over lived. But he was tile source of a great family and of mnny poets nnd swordsmen, somo of them second sighted. Christian times would hnvo hail littlo oharm for Egil Sknlagrimsson. Ho litis nono of Gunner's chivalrous oharm, nor has his doom tlio meianoholy glory . of Qrottir's end. In faot ho wns hardly regarded as a pattern even in his own age of iron. How he would hnvo elenred out the Horaorie heroes, he was of better tempered motai? It is difHoult to say why, in a different world, wo linvo oortainly a liking for and a pride in this forooions old minatrcL this intolerable, iiwlnimfcrvhlo nhl ruiHaiil— Daily News. 