JOURNALISM. . . MODERN DEVELOPMENT. The Old Bigh and Dry Style. What Old Journalism Missed— His toric Soones Undasorlbed-A Remarkable Contrast. In the "Dictionary of the World's Press," just published for its 14th year by Mr. Henry Sell, Mr. T. P. O'Connor writes on "Journalism as a Career," and in tho course of his remarks touches upon the value of what lie calls boittg " human. " It would not appoar very credible now," ho writes, " but 1 was brought up in iho school of very high and vcrydry journalism. Moat journals, indeed, 25 years ago wero high and dry. Piciuresqueness was con sidered scarcely reBpectabio. I joined tlto press early in the year 1867. It was a very remarkable year in Irish history, and especially in Irish journalism. For there was being euacted iu Dublin, and in many other towns in Ireland, that strange, picturesque, and highly gloomy tragedy— tho break-up and the trial oi the Fenian leaders of that period. Every day for weeks, if not months, iu the criminal court— known as Green- street — in Dublin, men were on their trial for treason, and were beiug sent to penal servi tude for life — for 20 years— for pro- louged periods iu almost every ease. Here, indeed, wore all tho clonicnts of tragedy, romance, epoch- making and mov ing scenes. Most of tho men who were being thus tried were men oi remarkable character — some of them were scholars, others had gone through the great American war — all had dared their heads and liberties on tho dio of a revolutionary movement. Thero were, in addition, all tlioao strango sinister types of Irish life — the severo and prejudiced judge, the sleuth, hound detective, the fotsworu informer. And will it be believed that the daily Dublin journals— so far ao I recollect— never gave a line of dramatic description of all these moviug scenes ? 1 well remember to this day the curious awakening — tho sur- prise— perhaps the siight revulsiou — with which I heard my editor, who is now on tho press in London, read out from a Cork paper au account which actually went into a descrip tion of tho personal appearance of one of tho most remarkable and striking figures in that curiously assorted and moving gallery of State prisoners. I heard this description of tho personal appearance of the striking and central figure in a great moving and tragic State trial with amazement — with surprise — with slight repulsion. It was also undignified, I thought. The dignity of journalism in my young days had survived the ghost of that dignity of history which Macaulay had laid. Well, I have chaugod my ideas and habits, and the main charge against mo as u journalist is that I am rather too human nnd rather exaggerate the effects of the scenes I describe. It is perhaps true. I can only describe things as they appear to my outer und inner eye. I never profess to see what I don't see. But if the churgo of exaggeration could be mado good against me, I do not shrink from sayingt at I prefer that indictment to the indictment of coldness and dryness. " I say, then, to the young journalist thai he should never fear to bo human. Tell the people exactly what tltey want to hear about. Let them know how their champion or their enemy looked ; let the women know how the other women were dressed ; in fact, keep your eyes and your ears open ; listen to what people are saying in the drawing-room, in the tram- car, in the railway carriage. From their conversation, learn what it is that really excites their interest, and supply them with the appropriate material, und do so in plain, clear, picturesque language. Be natural, simple and human." Mr. O'Connor ussigus the reason ot the rapidity with which news is circulated in England as compared with America to tho use of shorthand in this country. " Wheu I have been in America I have found it extremely awkward that few of the interviewers know short hand. In the Lobby of tho House of Comntons you can send round a piece oi news, which may take even a quarter of a column in the tolling, in fivo to ten minutes. All tbo prase representatives there ..' write shorthand aud can take down ' iu u few minutea all you want to say, and thoy in turn can communi cate tne intelligence to a dozen other journalists in as short a time. To this day you may see Mr. Justin M'Cartliy taking down on the margin of his order paper some important answer mado by a Minister ; there are some members of Parliament, notably Mr. T. M. and Mr. Maurice Hcsly, who carry on their correspondence with the members of their families inshoriiiund. In the Unttod States I was never able to get any statement into the press under two or three hours. I had laboriously to write out what I bad to suv, then to read it out in succes sion to haif a dozen reporters as they wrote it down in longhand. In fact, any commu nication to the press meant a pretty hard evening's work, while in the Lobby of the House of Commons it is a question of a very few minutes and no trouble whatso ever." 