PLAYS AND PLAYERS. .-a Mr Henry Irving brought his brilliant ~ght weeks season at Abbey's Theatre, New lork, to a conclusion on Saturday, 10th of December. The success of the present American tour exceeds that of all Mr Irving's previous visits, and the average receipts per e week have been the largest received. A four weeks' season at Boston was to follow, and subsequepntly Philadelphia, Washington, Toronto andMontreal were to be visited. A return to England will probably be made about the end of March. Miss Olga Nethersole has for the present relinquished theidea of obtaining the Avenue Theatre for the production of a new comedy entitled the Transgressor. The piece, how ever, would, it was expected, probably be staged at the Court Theatre about the end of January under the stage manacementofMr Hugh Mosse, who has been specially engaged 1 by MissNethereole. As the lady is under stood to have good financial support, her venture will be launched under the best aus. 1 piese. Miss Addie Conyers is playing the part of Robin Hood in the Manchester pantomime, and is spoken of as.looking a model hero of romance and being able to give plenty of poinit to her lines and to the musical numbers allotted to her. Billie Barlow has scored a big success in the pantomime at Birmingham, where she made her first appearance in the recent Christmas pantomime of Red Riding Hood, playing the part of Boy Blue. At the Canterbury Music Hall, London, there is a talking horse," by name Mahomet. The creature, a fine, beautifully developed dark brown horse just seven years ot age, and standing about fourteen hands, is alleged to be so sagacious that he can tell the present Greenwich mean time, how often a maiden likes to be kissed, and many other odaitips. Mr Albert Chevalier, the famous coster singer, has written a sketch entitled Pay the Piper, somewhat on the lines of the Pied Piper, save that aftercharming the children away, the reward in the sketch, the hand of the Mayor's daughter is not denied him a second time, and the children are piped back. One of the attractions of the mammoth showin London, called Olympia, is the per formance of a serpentine dance by Mdlle, Sandowa, in a cage with four lions. The curtain rises on a presumably, North African landscape; and slowly the boards of the stage disappear, and in their place rises a huge cage with the lions inside. After the animals are put through a performance by their trainer, the llghts are turned down, and the limelight is thrown on the cage, in which hldlie. Sandowa goes through the now familiar serpentine dance. The lions are said to be somewhat uneasy during the constant changing of light, and on one occasion a lioness made a savage spring at the dancer, who for a moment was driven up against the bars. The trainer, however, quickly came to her aid, the lioness was driven back to her place, and the dance re samed. Among the latest London novelties is the Baby Barber, lately on exhibition at the Royal Aquarium. Miss Wick, who is making a name and fame for herself in the way of shaving, is described as a child having light flaeon hair and innocent blue eyes, and being dressed in a pink frock, with white socks and neat black shoes. Her re cord performance appears to have been the shaving of five men in four minutes thirty eight seconds. Miss Ellen Terry, according to an Asimecican interviewer, prefers comedy to tragedy, but Mr Irving's taste is the reverse, and, as he is manager, naturally, as a rule, has his own way in the selection of nieces. According to Miss Terry, "Americans think nothing too good for their wives, whilst English husbands do not." Analysed closely, this remark would seem to leave the advantage with the Englishman, although such was not apparently Miss Terry's inten tion when communicating her views to an American interviewer. Mr J. C. Williamson is to meet Mrs Brown Potter's agent at Colombo, and if mutually satisfactory arrangements can be made, Mrs Potter and Mr Bellow will revisit Sydney and Melbourne during the autumn of the present year. Owing to the change of Viceroys at India, the social season there has been a particularly brilliant and protracted one, and the Potter Bellow Company are likely to prolong their -Fe..C?..w/=. /"3?sa-p weu! igeaencaaurm her visit here, but recently this lady, who has made her name and money by singing in public, declared at the Rovyal Victoria Hall that she would far sooner speak than sing. Mrs Stewart, better known as Bdlie Barlow, intends making a world's tour in 195, which will include Cape Town, Johan nesberg, Adelaide, Melbourne, and Sydney. The return journey will be made via Japan, China and india. Since the close of the Sydney Lyceum panto mime, Missa -Nellie Stewart has been paying a visit to the Blue Mountains. Mr Hamilton Clarke, should he return to Victoria, will hardly expectto be what may bs called popular at Collingwood. In the course of his recent lecture, entitled " Two Years Musio in Australia, he is re ported to have said that the Victoria Orchestra were often called on to play at various shows, for instance at " Collhngwood a miniature and vastlyinferior Whitechapel," and where, after a concert, the performers had to wade across a sloppy cricket field to enjoy the hospitality of the mayor who shouted "drinks all round," and with shirt sleeves rolled up welcomed them with the speech that " he was glad to see 'em, he was." Although thelecturewas smartand oaustic, Mr Clarke, nevertheless, paid a genuine tribute to the Liedertafels in Australis, and stated that the Melboiune and Metropolitan Liedertafels in Victoria were equal, if not superior, to the best societies of a similar nature in England. On the 17th December, Sydney, son of Lionel Brough, was married at Christ Church, Bloomebury, London, to Lizzie, daughter of William Shakespeare Webster. During the last year the Sydney Lieder \- tafel produced two cantatas, and but few new cliasical pieces. This has recently formedthe subject of discUssion among the members, and the imputation of pondering to, in plaoe of checking, the tasto for second-rai music soade aganLst the selection committee. On Saturday, 6th January, Mr Hare was announced tore-openthe Garrick Theatra with Snew play by oMr Sydney Grnidy, entitled 4 an Old Jew, in which Mr G. W. Ansonhas a part Particular secrecy has bSeen observed in regard to this new piece, concerning which very little has transpired, or lare, it ap pears, having etpressed a desire for the pre servation of the closst secrecy, his company havmg loyally observed his wishes, and ihence o particulars in advance have bern made Mr J. F. Sheridan made his arppeerance with the Little Christopher Columbus Com-u pany at the Lyric Theatre,London, onths 27th December last, on the ocousion of the i71st representationof thepiece an the prodotion 5a eecond edition. The anthors have written the prevlously unimportmant character of The Second Mrs ock for Mr Sheridan, woe is notice as appearing athise beet in the re presen:ation oflrish widows. Mc Sheridan has a capital song in Cdlumbuas was a Famous Man, and a most amustg duet, The Sisters Giggle, with Mr Lonnen e The Pollard Juvenile Company have been leR?maAladdin, tLa Miscotte, nd cthe Gon dother at Hobart. The Waterloo Cyoloramna at Adelaide has recently added an attractive illusion entitled Napoleon's Ghost. As instancing the dearth of noagementsa Seven for actrs.and actresses of universally r·a'snised lmerit, i may be mentioned that bias enrietta Wateson, who is included in the eastof Round the World, at the Lycrnm Theatre, has, soinrce the Terry season in Melaoun e had but one short engagement -Dora, in the Brh and Bonicaunlt revival of Diplom acy. hen an actress of Miass Wason's popularity and standing has per force to remain idle on, ns carsely likee to speculate as to what has been the Sfate of lta prominert performers. Mr W. B. Warner, a comedian whose ability has not received the general rereg. nition undoubtedly deseerved, seems tobe now coming to the fore. Recently he was engaged to sing several ooster songs at a i Government House party, and dnring the pastweeknehas been singing at the Con tinental Concet at Adelaide. Mr Thornton, so it is reported, offered an engagsenent withhis company to a Mel benume amateur whose performanee in the part of the Lord Chanoellor in an amateur produotion of Iolanthe he witnessed and rcognsed the mert of, Asthe gentlemanin i question, however, has attalned to a good Ipoiti min the businses in whieh he as hern for some time engaged, it is unlikely that Mr Thornton's offer, complimentary as it is, will be acospte. 