POLITICAL KIERNELS. A nOxrcen of the Freetrade and Land Reform TLeago was formed in Balmain North on MIonday night, with MIr. Will-s, M.L.A., as president. Up wards of 270 names were handed in. Fifty-five members of the Assembly are declared advocates of woman suffrage, and it is believed that a majority of the House are in favour of the principle. Says the Sydney Morning Herald:-The country has spoken, and lis given a decisive majority to the men who made the imposition of a land tax part of their political programme. Mlembers of this majority are found not only in the ranks of the freetrade party, they are found also among the pro teotionists, and in many cases no doubt it was to this article of their creed that candidates owed their election. This then is the leaiding fact of the sittuation. Tihe Premier and his colleagues promised that if they were supported by a majority they would include a himd tax in their financial olicy. They made it clear that in saying this they were not referring to any mere rating for local purposes under a system of municipal governcm ment. In thie Victorian censure debate Sir James Patter son delivered what the Age calls " perhaps the most remarkable speech ever heard from the lips of a psblhe man occupying the position of head of a Government." " Ottis" says thsisin'tremarkable as an opinion, for at the very beginning of his great malediction Sir James, with lg tteral voice, purplo face, and uplifted amls, denounced the Age as a liar. Iu the South Australian House of Assembly on Tuesday MIr. Griffiths, on behalf of the country party, intimated tlhat a serious attempt would be made to abolish free education, by doing which the party hoped to save £30,000 a year. Oh, itisa nark ! Where is G. D. Clark ? Where's that compo. from the Herald J. Dissolving View Fitzgerald i Where is Arthur Rae Also gone astray ! Arthlr was a pretty smart 'un. Where, or where, is Toby Barton-" Trimming Toby B ? On the rail was he. Gone, alas I his days of glory; Randwick took another Storey. Toby's in thile soup, Andwith sutch a group ! Jawbone Nield, the inwftul talker, Ninny Melville, Tommy Walker, Andy Kelly, too, Dibbs's henchman true, Gone with William Sharp, the warpy, Followingretiring Torpy. Manning gone as well, Dickens, B. B. L. Also Houghlton, likewise Cotton, Our Asseimbly has forgotten. Poor old Jeanneret ! Garvan, too, you bet, In the Parliamentary gutter. Cresar's ghost and F. B. Suttor ! Good old Henry Clark, He is in the dark, So with York is aptly mated Hutchison the shiny-pated ! All of these are gono- Gone along with Vaughn. J. G. Gough and both ~MceKinnons Are compelled to close their innin's. Well, it is a jar, Very nasty jar, M?ost distressful jar. \--Orange Leader. There never was a political issue more definitely placed before the voters than was land value taxa tion at the last election. It was the part of the freetrado programme most vehlementlydenouncedby Sir George Dibbs and the protectionist party. And as there never was a proposed reform more fully on doreed by the people, there need be no apprehensione that the Government or Parliament will be turned from their duty by the Landowners' Defence League.-Daily Telegraph. You may shift a protectionist out of protection By means of the lever of facts, But you cannot argue a single taxer Out of his single tax. On Tuesday the Victorian Legislative Assembly passed a motion calling upon the Rev. A. Edgar to attend at the bar of thle House in connection with a statement made by him to the effect that certain members of Parliament were a disgrace to the commutnity, which statemnent the House de clared to be a scandalous Ibreach of privilege. Mr. Edgar is stated to have referred to members as liars and proltigates, and said that they were ready to tread utnder foot everything to obtain their ends. The Prenmior has already started on his Treasury reforms. May he persevere. One of the tit-bits looked forward to on the openingof the new Parliament is the return show ing the changes effected in the Civil Service by the late Governent. If there are not some sensational disclosures there will be disappointment. A young man named William Logan, who stood for Mudgee at the late election, and obtained three votes, appeared before the Lithgow Police MIngis trate on Wednesday, and was sentenced to a month's imprisomnent for having no lawful visible means of support. The bringing of the Rev. Mr. Edgar before the bar of the Victorian Assembly resulted in a fiasco. Mr. Edgar read a statement in which he alleged that he lhad said nothing in the address which he could withdraw. Tit newspaper reports were not quite accurate. Whltt he.did tell his congregation was that "many of the members of Parliaments were a disgrace to thile conummity and the people wvere to blame for sending them there." The general character of his address referred to all Par liaments, and not to the Parliament of Victoria alone. He was thinking at the time of such instances as Jabez Balfom., and cases like that; of the financial frauds disclosed against members of Parlianent in Canada, and of the Panama scandals. With such instances as these impressed upon his mind, he said that " ecoundrels and blacklegs" were too often returned to Parliament-not "liars" and " profligates," as had been reported. 