"TO BE, ORNOT TO BE." Wn£N Ministers and legislators wen lolled into a false security by reason of borrowed money, we used appear as a pliort at llio least. Wo warned Parliament, we warned the people, that a day of reckoning would by-and-bye overtake the Colony. We were told that we were pessimists. That mattered little. We did not leave off. As each session came round we expostulated with representatives on both sides of the Assembly, but to no purpose, They went gaily to work; they launched forth into large expenditure; they raised the cost of departments, and only two or three of their Dumbei had the courage to join in the protests wc offered. The men ol perception were called “ dismal,’ term of reproach which if v omploj’ed on nil hands to describe the present financial out look. Who was right; The spendthrifts or the pradent \ Never was a more disastrous result witnessed in a young and struggling colony than iho sequel all sorts and conditions of men arc now bemoaning. Oould any other result happen V Honest business men will answer, "No.” Wc bavo no wish to dwell unduly on the past. Crying over spilt milk is not heroic conduct. Having upset the can we must endeavor to make the best of everything still within reach. Those who jump at conclusions arc , prone to lay all the blame upon the Bbonlders of this or that Government. The attempt is UDjust. You can hold an Administration responsible for excesses in departmental expenditure, bat you cannot, hold four or five members responsible for the collective acta of a majority of six- and-thirty members. Therefore, causes which have contributed to the swelling of tbearmnal expenditure arc traceable to joint responsibility. Nay mere, • yen thoBc excesses sheeted homo to a particular set of Ministers could have been chocked by the joint action of private members. Wc arc reaping the bitter fruits of a “ gay time," and the House of Assembly has been summoned to put things straight When we first heard of the plans of the Government we expressed disappointment and surprise• and as these plans became more distinct we warned the House against what we felt to be a most unbusincss-likc way of trying to meet the difficulty. The Cabinet contained two men wlio, one naturally expected, would follow a consistent course. But tho official atmosphere has Been very enervating, even daring tho short space of eighteen monthB. Politicians who announced on various platforms that tho word failure ” was not in their vocabulary, when a etruight path lay before them forgot all their promises, votes, and speeches. And when the virtue they said they possessed became a necessity, they could not screw up their courage, 11 lotting. J dare nni wait upon J would.” The straight path we refer to was pointed oot by one of those gentlemen, for we found in the TfiEitfiUftER’s Statement this admission:—“Ministers have exercised great pare in reducing publio expenditure; and believing .that further reductions in some departments and thfi amalgamation of others may he effected, they count upon the assistance of Parliament to support their efforts in these directions.” Tho bope expressed was unnecessary, because almost every member ii impressed with the absolute necessity for retrenchment,— retrenchment im­ mediate and drastic. B ut it is »ow : seen that Ministore arc either not prepared or tiot inclined to set about that task until all their taxing Bills are passed. “ When the taxing proposals/' said the T uuasi’kkk, “ have been finally dealt with, Ministers will ask for an adjournment in order to rame the Estimates for thecomingyear” etc. All very fine *, but what about effecting savings on the lattor six months of the current year V Ministers have admitted th at savings can be made. W hy are tlieBC not ascertained before Parliament is invited to lay additional burdens on the taxpayers f On a former occasion tho Trlaburek declared that retrenchment conld not bo effected by the Cabinet during the bustle of tbc session. Well, then, he knows now what savings can be made, or lie does not know at all. If he does know, why keep the Assembly and the country in the dark? If he does not know—because be has not yet attempted the task—, then the House should insist upon curtailment of expenses before it proceeds much further. When the T iieasurek showed signs of wavering wc said that the taxpayers would not tolerate half-hearted action on the part of the Legislature. Tho country will not stand further dallying. The Colony's credit is at stake, and to maintain that credit au immediate and resolute effort should be made. Wc shall be very much mistaken in our estimate of the new H-ousc of Assembly if it does not carry out the wishes of the electors, and proceed to cut down the sum of £822,465 voted for 1894. We are prepared to bear the old cry, “ It can’t be done." Really ! Let ua see. It must be borne in mind that the Appropriation Act of 14th November, 1893; only enacts that the sum of £239,712 3s. Id. shall be applied for the eerrice of the halfyear ending the 30rh of next June, for tlie purposes expressed in the schedule for the year 1894. Is there any thing to prevent the Assembly from going to work and cutting down the remainder of the total amount voted but not appropriated ? We should like to hear reasons against 6uch a course if they exist. Mr. Miles’ notice of motion was declared oat of order; bat surely there Eire many ways in which the same end may be attained. Mem bers must join in a determined effort to compel Ministers to do what right and needful. Here we find the Assembly wasting precious time ii hair-splitting over methods of taxa lion that are admitted will not yield the amount of revenue anticipated by the TitEAtiRLiL And in spite of that fact, in spite of universal depression, in 6pite of inability to pay existiug taxes, the House calmly neglects to look into the yearly expenditure. Was ever ft more foolish exhibition witnessed in the Tasmanian Parliament V The fact is that the Dobsonian coterie are playing false and loose with the financial affairs of the country'. As we have already sRid, Here is the TjrcAsrm: crying out for more revenue, men are unable to find work to maintain their families, municipal lutes arc in arrear, shopkeepers are at their wits’ end 10 keep thoir heads above water, and instead of going to work like earnest husinct-s men to cut down expenditure, Minisiecs cry out for more taxation. The Cabinet must be taken at once to tank over til’s matter of retrenchment. It is not a question of “ It can’t be done.” Jt must be done, and done speedily. Miserable talk all yesterday instead of brisk action. The interests of the country arc daily suffering, and tbe remedy is not to be found in theorising and debating. Wc have had a surfeit of that sort of thing. Let every member who is not insensible to the gravity of the times face the problem, the simple problem, namely, that the only way to get rid of the necessity for crushing burdens is by drastic retrenchment. Therefore do we repeat—Intimates first. 