. TALES AÎTD SKETCHES. [ALI. ntmiTS RK8KRVKD.] 'THE DAY WILL COME." BY SI. E. BRADDON. Author of "Lilly Audloy's Secret," «* Vi*on," " lahoiael," "Like aud Unlike," "The Fatal Three," &c; CiiAiTEB XXVI (ContUutd.) Lady Cheriton's rose garden was iii danger from a failure of. the water in that old fashioned »veil whiuli had hitherto supplied the dower gardens. There had been an unusually long spell of dry weather BÍUOC the beginning of July, and tho gardeners were iu despair. When Theodore weut over to tLe Chaso with his portmanteau, in accordance with au engagement, mada the previous week, tie fouud that Lord Cheriton had that morning niven nu order for the sinking ol the old well from twenty to thirty feet deepor. " There is plenty of water, my lord," »aid the head gardener, "if wo only go deep enough for it." " Very well, Mackenzie, go as deep as yon like, so long us you don't go below the water I heariuu strata. You had netter put on plenty of hands. Her ladyship is uneasy about her I mses, seeing how you have been stinting them lately." "lt has bcou hurd work, my lord, to do our duty by tho roses, and keep tho lawns in decent order. The ground would be os hard us iron if wa didn't usc u good deal of water for the grass." "(¿et to work, Mackenzie, and don't waste time in talking about it. Drive over to (¡aduy'a and tell him to send some good men." This conversation took place upon tho terrace directly after Theodore's arrival ¡ und when thc gardener had gone off to tile stables to get tho dog- cart of-ull-work. Lord Cheriton aud his cousin walked in the direction of the well. The well was ki cue of the kitchen gardens, quite the oldest bit of gardon ground ut Cheri- ton, a square gorden of about two acres, shut in willi high crumbling old red brick walls, upou which grew blue gages, and William pears, egg plums, and apricots, attaining more or leas to perfection aa the aspect favoured them. It was a pleasant garden to dream in upon a summer afternoon, for there was an air of superabundant growth that was almost tropical in the century old espaliers, albeit they bad long ceased to produce meritorious pears and apples, and in the sprawling leaves and yellow blossoms of the vegctahle marrows which seemed to be ttrom n for no purpose exoept to produce champion gourds or pumpkins, to be ultimately hung up as ornaments iu the gardener's cottage, or to rot in a ooruer of a' greenhouse. There is always one old greenhouse in such a garden given over to preserviag spiders and accu- mulating rubbish. Lu the middle of the vegetable marrow warren Blood the well-a well of eighteen feet in diameter, surrounded by a low brick wall, of that same red brick which crumbled behind the blue gages and the egg plums, and in which Ute biros pecked great caverns, foi very w-aatoness. lt was a well of the old pattern, with a ponderous wooden roller, and aa iron spindle, which had wound op watei from those same cool depths for over a hundrec years. It had run dry often, in the time ol the Strangways, that good old well ; but nt Strangway had ever thought of iuiprovinf anything upon the estate, so in seasons o drought the dowers had drooped and the tur had withered unheeded by the proprietoria eye. Mr. Gadby's men appeared after tbei dinuer hour, and got seriously to work bi about throe o'clock, at which hour Theodor! and Lady Cheriton were strolling in tbe ros garden after lunoh, while the master of th ouse sat in the library reading. Theodor had observed a marked change in bis cousii since lost visit to Cheriton. There was i worried look in Lord Cheriton's fane whicl had not been there even after the shock of th murder, a look of nervous apprehension «hid showed itself from time to time in . countenance where firmness of character am au absolute fearlessness had been hitherto th strongest characteristics. He had not yet told his cousin the result a their interview with Mercy Porter. He hoi waited till au opportunity for quiet, conti dentin! talk should come about naturally, am that opportunity now occurred. Lady Cheri ton left him after half an hour's saunterin, inspection of the roses, and he went throug the open window into the library where Lor Cheriton sat is his large arm-chair at his owl particular table, reading the politic: summing-up iu the last " Quarterly." " Shall lue disturbing you if I sit here ! asked Theodore, taking a volume from th table where the newest books were always t be found. "(Ju the contrary, I shall bs very glad of little conversation. I have been strugglin i through an analysis of last session, which i all weariness and vexation of spirit. Tl I session was dull, the commentary ie dullei I am anxious to know how you cot on wit Mrs. Porter's daughter." " Very badly, I regret te say, from or point of view. She utterly rejects yoi generous offer. She prefers kiar present liar life, with its. independence. Shs will occej no obligation from anyone. " " Humph ! She must he a carious your woman," said Lord Cheriton, wirb a vexe air. " I should have liked very much to hal made her life bright and essy if she woul have let me-for her father's sake. On win ground did she refuse my offer ?" "On the ground of preferring to work fi her living, and to live a hard life. She hi taken that upon herself, I believe, as an e: pution for lier pant errors, although she di not say that in so roany wards. She wonderfully firm. I never saw such a résolu temper in BO young-aud so gentle- maunen -a woman." "You tried to overcome her objections, yi represented to her how easy aaa how plcasai her life might he in some picturesque villa] -among the hills and hikes, or by tho sea and how she might live among people wi would know nothing of her post history, wi would grow to care for her and be fond of ii for her own sake. " " I urged all this upon lier. I om as anxio as you are that she should leave that circa attic-that monotonous labour-but nothinj could say was of the least aso. She w resolute-she would accept nothing from yoi " From me-ah, that is it 1" cried Lo Cheriton, suddenly. "Had the offer coi from anyone else sho might have been li stubborn. liut from mc she will take no th i -not a loaf or bread if she were stank That is the explanation of her hardness-it to mc bhe is adamant. Tell inc thc trul Theodore. Don't spare my feelings. Tl girl hal es inc, I suppose Í" " I fear she has -i deeply rooted prejudj against you. She may- most uujustly hlaiuo you for her misery, because Colo] Tremayne v.-us your friend." "Yes, that is her feeling uo doubt; il on that account elle hates inc. Pcrhups > is justified in her anger. I ought to he shot that scoundrel. Had I lived fifty yci somier I suppose I should hara shot him." " I don't think you could have been cal upou to do that even by the old code honour. Mercy was not. allied to you-1 " No, but she dwelt at my gates. She v under my protection-she had no other li; living to defend her. I ought to hi punished her seducer-it was incumbent mc to do it. Because there was no one els he added slowly, utter a long pause. "It may Uo on that account Bhe rejc your generous offer. I cannot say, but th was certainly some strong personal prr-jud on her part. She was deeply moved. Í burst into a passion of sobs. ' Not fr him,' she cried, 11 will accept nothing fr him. Of all the men' upon thia earth he el lie the last to help.me I' " Lord Cheriton flung the " Quarterly " fr him with a passionate gesture, os ho star to lib feet ami began to walk up and dc tile long clear space In front of the five windows. "Theodore," he said suddenly. "You have not come face to face with all tho Îiroblemaof life. Perhaps you have nob yet ound out how hard it is to help people. I would have given much to be able to help that girl-to assure her an easy an reputable existence-thc requirements of life amidst pleasant surroundings. Whatcouldit matter to mc whether I allowed her one huudred or two hundred a year ? All I desire is that her lifo should be happy. And of deliberate malice-of sheer perversity- she rejects my help, she dooms herself to thc seamstress' lavery, and to a garret in Lambeth. My Had, to think that with all the will and all the power to help her, I cannot come between her and that sordid misery. It is hard, Theodore, it is very hard upon a man like me There is nothing I hold of this world's goods thal I have not worked for honestly ; and when I want to do good for others with what I have won, I am barred by their folly. It is enough tn make mc mad. " Never before had Theodore seen this Belf ubandonmcnt in his stately cousin, the man who bore in every tone and every gesture the impress of his acknowledged ascendency over his fcllow-tncn. To sec such n man as this so completely unhinged by a woman's perversity was a new thing, to Theodore Dalbrook ; and his heart went out to his kinsman os it had never done before. " My dear Cheriton, you have done all that was in your power to do for that mistaken young woman," he said, holding out his hand, which thc cider man grasped warmly. " Whatever wrong you nny have unwittingly brought tbout by the presence of a. blackguard under your roof, you have done your best to atone for that wrong. The most sensitive, tho most punctilious of men could do no mote." "I thank you, Theodore, for your sympathy. Yes, I have done my best for lier -you will bear witness for that." " A father could scarcely do more for an erring daughter. I only wish her mother felt half os kindly towards her as you, upon whom her claim is so slight." " No no ; it is a substantial claim. She is fatherless, and lier mother is dependent upon rae. I stand, as it were, in lom parentin. Well, wc will say no more about her ; she must go her own way. Only, if ever you find an opportunity of helping lier-for mc, you will do mc a great favour by taking prompt advantage of it." " I shall gladly do so. I am interested in her for her own sake, as well as for yours." " You are a good fellow. Theodore, and I know yo« wish us well» I will go a step further than that and say I know that I can trust yo«." This was said with an earnestness which impressed Theodore. It seemed to him almost os if his kinsman forsaw that inevitable hour in which there must be perfect unreserve between them-in which the younger man would have to say to his senior and superior in rank, " I know the secret of your earlier years. I know thc dark cloud has over- shadowed your life." They talked for a little while of indifferent subjects, and then Lord Cheriton proposed a stroll in thc direction of the well. " I should like to see whether those fellows have begun work," he said. The old garden looked its sleepiest in ths westering sunlight, but there was business going on there nevertheless, and a great heap of damp clay had been flung out by tho side of the low brick parapet. Two men were at work below, and there were two men above, while a fifth, a foreman and leading light, looked on and gave directions. " Glad to soe you've tackled the job, Carter," said Lord Cheriton. " Yes, my lord, we've got on to it pretty well. Could I have a word with your lord- ship?" "Certainly as many words ae you like. How mysterious you look, Carter. There is nothing in your communication that Mr Dal- brook is not to hear, I suppose ?" " No, my lord, Mr. Dalbrook don't, matter; but I thought you wouldn't care for every body to know, lest it should get round to her ladyship, and give her a scare." "What arc yon driving at, Carter, with your ladyships and your scares ? Have yoa seen a ghost at the bottom of the well ?" " No, my lord, but the men found this in the surface clay, and I thought it might have some bearing upon-last year-the murder." He dropped out his words hesitatingly, as if he hardly dared approach that ghastly theme, aud then took something out of his jacket pocket, and handed it to T jb'd Cheri- ton. It was a Colt's revolver, by no means of the newest make, rusted by lying long under water. The foreman had amused MB leisure since the discovery in trying to rub off the rust with a large cotton handkerchief, assisted by his corduroy coat sleeve, and had suc- ceeded iu polishing a small silver plate upon thc butt of the pistol so as to make the initials " T. D." engraved upon it easily de- cipherable. There was not much in thc discovery perhaps, but by the ghastly change in Lord Cheriton's face, Theodore saw that to him at least it appeared of supreme importance. His hand shook as it held the pistol, his eyes had u look of absolute horror as they scrutinised it ; and nothing could be more obvious than the effort with which he con- trolled his ugitut.ion, and looked from the builder's foreman to Theodore with au assumption of tranquility. "It may moan much or nothing, Carter," he said, putting thc pistol in his coat pocket. " It was quite right of you to bring thc matter before me." " I thought thc initials ou thc pistol might load to something being found out, my lord," said the foreman, who wished to make thc most of his find. " I don't think there can be much doubt thc murderer chucked it in there." "Don't you? I have gone into tho subject of circumstantial evidence a little deeper than you have, Carter ; it was my trade, don't you know, just as laying bricks' was yours, and I can tell you that the odds are ten to one against this pistol having belonged to the murderer. Do you think it likely that the man who shot Sir Godfrey Carmichael would have gone out nf his way to throw his pistol down that particular well ?" "I don't know about that, my lord, it would have been a very safe hiding- place, if the water hadn't given out-and it would bc in his way if ho were making for the West Gate. He could hardly have taken a shorter cut than across this garden." " Perhaps not-if both the garden doors ure open at night." "I don't think anybody ever saw them shut, my lord, night or day," answered Curter, with respectful persistency. Theodore knew by tho very look of the clumsy wooden doors, pushed bock against the old wall, with rusty hinges, and with the tendrils of vine or plum tree growing over their edges, that thc mau was right. Thc path across this garden and the next garden led in it direct, linc to thc weal lodge, and it wis this way by which tho servants went on most of their errands to the village. Thc one idea suggested by| thc choice of that hiding-place was that tho person who threw away that pistol was familiar with tho premiaos. The well was about, thirty feet away from tho path, and screened off in oome wieo by the old espaliers. There was u gap in thc espaliers wherean ancient and cankered apple tree had been taken out, and it was by this opening that thc gardeners generally went to draw water. They hail trodden a hard foot track in their going und coming. It was always possible thut a stranger ex- ploring the grounds furtively and in haste might have been sharp enough to hit upon tho well as a safe and handy hiding-place. Il wnnld, of course, have been vital to the mur- derer to get rid of his wenpon as Boon as possible after .thc deed was done, lest he should be taken red-handed and with that piece of evidence upon him. Theodore saw in that pistol with the initials "T.P.," confirmatory evidence against the husband of Mr». Danvers, the one person in che world who hod good ground for an un- dying hatred of Lord Cheriton and his race. He madb no remark upon the discovery of tim weapon) fearing, to say too /much ; and he waited quietly to sec how his kinsman would oct in the matter. That ghastly change in Lord Cheriton's countenance as he examined thc pistol, suggested that he had come to tho same conclusion an Theodore. Remorse and horror could hardly have been more plainly expressed by the human countenance: and what remorse could be more terrible thon that of thc man who saw thc sin of his youth visited upon his innocent daughter. " Shall you take any steps with reference to this discovery ?" asked Theodore, when they had gone half way hack to the house, in ab- solute silence " What steps can I take, do you think ? Send for another Loudon detective-or for the same man again-and give him this pistol; To what end! He would he no nearer finding the murderer because of tho finding of thc pistol." "The initials might lead to identification." " Did you never hear of such a thing as a socond-hand pistol? And do you think an aBsasBin would make usc of a pistol with his own iuitials upon it to commit murder? I do not." "Not thc professional assassin-but we are nil agreed that this murder was an act of vengeance - for some reason at present un- known-and the semi-lunatic who would commit murder for such a motive would not be likely to do his work very neatly. His hrain would be fevered by passion or alcohol, in all probability, aud he would go to work blindly." "That is no more than a theory, my dear Theodore, and my experience has Bhon n me that such theories arc generally falsified by fact. The murder was so far neatly doue that thc murderer got clear off, in spite of a most rigorous search. I doubt if the pistol, with initials which may belong tn anybody iu the world, will help us to track him after more than a year." "Then you mean to do nothing in the mutter?" " I think not. I cannot see my way to doing any thing ut present-but if you like to take thc pistol to Scotland Yard and see what im- pression it makes upon the experts there-" "I should like to do so. 1 caunot ignore thc fact thai so long as Sir Godfrey's murderer remains undiscovered, there is a possibility of peril for you and for Juanita, and for Juanita's child. Who ca» tell whether that deadly hatred is appeased-whether the man who killed your daughter's husband is not on thc watch to kill you or your daughter-when he sees his opportunity ?" " As for myself, Theodore, I must take my chance. I would to God that the ball had struck me instead of Godfrey. It would have been better-a lighter clutstisement. I have lived my life. I huvc done all I ever hoped to do in this world. A few years, more or less, could maller very little to mo. And yet, life is sweet. Theodore, life is sweet! However heavily we are handicapped, we most of us would choose io finish our race." There was infinite melancholy in bis tone, the melancholy of a man who sees the shadows of a great despair darkening around him, the melancholy of a man who gives up the contest of life, and feels that lie is beaten. "Do not say anything to my wife about this buBincss," he said, " let her bc happy as long as she can. She bas »ot forgotten last Bummer, but she is beginning to be something like what she was before that blow fell upon us. Thc advent of Juanita's baby has worked wonders. There is something to look for wurd to in that child's existence. Life is no longer a cul-de-sac" "There is ono thing to be done," said Theodore, after au interval of silence " The bullet was kept, of course." " Yes, it is in the possession of thc police, I believe." " Would it not be well to ascertain if it fits thc pistol yon haye iu your pocket ?" " Yes. 1 will go to the station to-morrow and look into thar." There was no more said about the pistol thal evening. Theodore felt that it would bc crnelty to dwell upon the subject, seeing that his kiiiBinan had been deeply affected by thc discovery, and that he was oppressed by a gloom which he strove in vain to shake off. lt was evident to Theodore that those initials on the pistol bad a fatal significance for Lord Choritou, that ho recognised in those initials the evidence of un injured husband's revenge, thc long-hoarded wm th of a dogged vindictiveness, a hatred which was inex- tinguishable by time. He told himself that thc tardiness of that revenge might bo accounted for by various contingencies, any one of which would lessen the improbability of that long interval be- tween the wrong done and the retribution exacted. It might bc that the murderer had been an exile, a wanderer in a distant world. It might be that lie hud been a criminal fretting himself against the bars of a felon's prison, nursing his anger in the dull, dead days of penal servitude. Such things have ' been. It was clear to Theodore Dalbrook that in those initials upon the Colt's revolver lay the clue of the murderer, und chat Lord Cheriton shrank with horror from the revelation which those two letters might bring about. Yet, j whatever evil might come upon the master of j Cheriton out of the secret past, it was vital that the murderer should be found, lest his second crime shoald bs more hideous thou his first, and Theodore WHS resolved that he would spare no effort in thc endeavour to find bim, living or dead. "God grant that I may find a grave rather than thc living man," he thought, "for Cheriton's sake. God gran*, that he may be spared the humiliation of having his story told to all thc world." He went into Cheriton village early upon thc followiug afternoon, and dropped iu upon thc doctor, an old inhabitant, whose father and grandfather before him had prescribed for ail the parish, rich and poor. Mr. Bogle, 1 par excellence. Dr. Bogle, was a bauhelor, a spare, sharp-visaged man of about forty, social and expansive, a keen sportsman, and a good billiard player, a mau whose lines had been set in pleasant places, for he had in- herited a roomy old cottage, with capacious stabling, and twenty acres -of the fattest meadow-land in Cheriton parish, and he lcd exactly that kind of life which his soul loved. It would have been actually no gain to such a man to have changed places with Baron Rothschild or Lord Salisbury. He wouldbave beon in all that constitutes human happiness a loser by such an exchange. So cheery a person was naturally popular in a narrow world like Cheriton, and Mr. Bogle was a general favourite, a favourite in polite Boeiety, and in tho billiard room at the Cheri- ton Anni, which, in default of a club, served us the afternoon and evening rendo?.vous for lawyer, doctor, and the tenant-farmers of a gentlemanly clans-the smock-frock farmers and tradespeople having their own particular meeting placo at the Old House at Home, a small inn at the other end of the t illage. Theodore hud known Mr. Bogle from his childhood, and the medical adviser of Cheriton was an occasional dropper-in at the luncheon table at Cornhill, when business transactions willi his tudor or his bauker took him to the County town. There was nothing uuusual t hcrcforc iu Theodore's afternoon call at The Dovecotes, a somewhat picturesque name which had been given to tho doctor's domicile by Iiis predecessor, who had dovoted hiB later yours lo an ardent cultivation of Birbs and Jacobins and other aristocratic birds, with prodigious wattles, uud who had covered a quarter of an acre of garden grouud with pigeon IIOUBCB of various construction. Theodore found Mr. Bogle smoking his afternoon pipe in the secInsion of his surgery. He hod made a long morning round, bad driven something botween twenty and thirty miles, and considered himself entitled to what lin called his otium cum whiBky and water, which refreshment stood on a small table at his elbow whilo ho lollod in his capacious easy chair. He welcomed his visitor with offitsioni and insisted on calling for another syphon, nud nkvihgi another, little table: arranged at the elbow of the other easy ohair. .'Malte; yourself comfortable, olS chap, and lett-us,haven jaw," he said; " I haven't! seen* yan for ageaj Ar« you at the Chase !" They talked of the usual village topi os* Î;lanceAai the great world of 'politios, speou ated upen the prospects of the shooting season^ and then Theodore' approached the. real busiliesa of his visit "There is a fellow I nea interested in from a business point of view," he began,."who has been handing about this place, off and on, for the last fivc- and-twenty years, I believe, though I have nevar happened to meet . him. Be is a drinking mau, and altogether a bad lot ; but itt is my business to hunt him down." "Ou account of some property, I suppose I" " Yes, un account of some property. Now, I know what an observer you are, Bogle, what a wonderful momory you have-" "I haven't wasted it up in London," in- terjected Kogle. "A week in Oxford- street and the Strand would toke ten years off my memory. It's pretty clear at present, thank God. Well, now, what about this fellow, what kind of a fellow is he-a gentleman or a cad ?" " He was once a gentleman, but he may have tumbled very low by this time. He was going down hill at a good pace fivc-and-twenty years ago." " Egad then he must be at thc bottom of thc hill, I take it. What is ho like- fat or bau, dark or fair, short or tall ?" " A tall man, fair complexion, a mon who lins once been handsome, a showy- looking man," answered Theodore, quoting the house agent. " That will do, yes, juBtsuch u man as that, was at the Arms one night-nix- eight-upon my word I believe it must bc ten years ago. A man who put ona gpoddeal of side, though his clothes'were no end seedy-ragged edges, to his trousers, don't you know- and though his baud shook like an aspen leaf. I played a fifty garni; with him, and I should, say,, though I boat him easy, that he had once been a ti: e player. He was in. wretched form, poor creature, hut-" " Ten years ago, do you really think it was as long ago you suw him !" "I know ¡twas. It would be in seventy four, that was the year Potter was returned for Weymouth. I remember we were all talking of tbc election the night that fellow was there Yes, I remember him perfectly, a tall, fair niau, a wreck, but with thc traces of former good looks. I fancy he must have bceu a. soldier. He slept ut the Arms that night, and I met him rather early next morn- ing, before nine o'clock, coming, away from thciCliase-met him within ten yards of the west lodge." " Did lie talk about Lord Cheriton ?" "A,good deal-talked rather wild too and would have blackguarded your cousin if wc hadn't shut him pretty sharply. He pre- tended to have been intimate with him before be made his way at the Bw, and he talked in tba venomous way a mon who has been a failure very often Joes talk abont a man who has been a success. It's only human nature, 1 suppose. There's a spice of venom in human nature." " Have you never seen this man at Cheriton since, that occasion-never within thc last ten years J" " Never, and I should be inclined, looking at the gentleman from a professional point .of v-iciv, to believe that he must have been under the turf for a considerable portion of that period. I don't think there could have been three years' life in the man I played billiards with-that evening. Hard .lines for him, poor beggar,- if there was property coming to him. He looked as if he wanted it .bad enough:" " What had be been doing at the Chose, do yon suppose?" " I haven't the least idea. ' I, was driving in ,iiy cart when. I passed him. Hooked back and watched him. for two or three minutes. He was walking very slowly, and with, a languid air, like a man who was not much used to walking. Ten years-no, Theodore I don't think it's possible such a shaky sub- ject as that could have lasted ten years. One certainly does see very miserable creatures crawliug on for years after they have been ticketed for the undertaker-but this man no-I'don't think he could hold out long after that October morning. I fancy he was booked for a quick passage. " He may have pulled himself together, and turned overa new leaf." " Too old, and too far gone for that." "Or what if he had done something bad and got himself shut np for a few years?" "Penal servitude do you mean? Well, that might do something ? It'6 a very severe regimen for the habitual drunkard-and it means kill or cure. In this case I should say ' decidedly kill." *' But it might cure !" " I should think the chances of cure' were as two in two hundred. I won't say it would bo impossible, not having examined the patient-but so far as observation can teach' a man anything, observation taught mc that the case was hopeless," " And yet it is my belief that this man was at Cheriton some time last year; You know everybody and talk to everybody, my dear Bogle. I wish you'd find out for me whether I am right ?" " I'll do my best," answered Mr. Bogle cheerfully. "If the man has been seen by anybody in the village I ought to be able to hoar about him. Everybody was tremend- ously on the nui-rire last year after the murder, and no stranger could have escaped observation." "Perhaps not-but before the murder--" "Anybody who had been s«en shortly before the murder .wonld have been re- membered and talked about. You can have no idea of the intense, excitement that event : caused among us. We seemed to talk of nothing else, and t othihk of nothing else for. months. " " And you suppose that if the man I waut had been about-for a few hours. only, just long enough to come and go away again at about that tims, he wonld have been observed and remembered'?" . " I am sure of it. He would have in- evitably been taken for the murderer. Remember we were all on the alert, ready to fix the first Buspicious-lboking pei »on with the crime." " Do you think Johnson would remember the man?" JohiiBon was the proprietor of the Cheriton. Arms. " My dear fellow, did you ever find John- son's memory available about any transaction six months old? Johnson's memory is steeped in beer, buried in flesh. Johnson is a peram- bulating tower of forgetfulness-a circumam bulutory hogshead of stupidity. Ask Johnson to tell you tlie Christian name of his grand- mother, and I would venture a new hat he would bc unable to answer you. There is nothing to be got nut of miuc host of the Cheriton Arms. Be sure of tliut " " I'm afraid you're right," said Theodore. Ho felt as if he had come to thc point at which there was no thoroughfare. There was thc piBtol, with the initials "T.D.," and bc lind made up his mind that thc man for whom those initials had been engraved was the man who gave his name as Danvers when he called upon tho house-agent, the man whose wife Ind been known for years as Mrs. Danvers. He had made up lils mind that this man and no other had murdered Godfrey Carmichael-that many years aftor tho wife's death thc husband hud returned from exile or imprisonment, embittered so much the more, so much thc more vindictive, so much the more malignant for all that he hud Buffered in that interval, und had taken tho first opportunity to attack a hated household.: That he would strike again if he should be allowed to live und be at large Theodore had nodoabt. A second murder, un ri j third murder, seemed the natural sequence of thc first. He rcineinborod tho murders of the Jennys at Stanfield Holl- ine savage hatred .which triad to slay four people, two of: wham were utterly uncon- cerned with tbs wrong Unit called for vengeance. In tho face of such a story as ?that, of tho murderer Rush, who could say that Theodore's apprehension ol an insatiable malignity, wreaking itsehVán further blood ahad, was groundless ? He left thc Dovecotes, disheartened, hardly knowing what the nexf step was to baj and. very hornless of tracking, a man'who fauai'M: '. contrived aa to be unseen upou. bia deadly; errand. He must have conic and gone vaoHyf like a thief in the night, sheltered by dark- ness, meeting noone; and yet there-was the evidence of the servants at the inquest, who swore to having heard mysterious footsteps' outside the house late at night upon ,more than one occasion shortly before the munder. If thc murderer hail lieen about upoi' sevsnal nights, creeping round by the open windows of the reception rooms, watching his.oppsr tunity, what had he done with himsalf in the. day, where had he hidden himself, h<Jw had he evaded the prying eyes of a village,' which is all eyes, all ears for the unaxplained strängt r? ( To ht Continued. ) 