CORRESPONDENCE, Gr Bray in Eeply 1 . TO THE EDITOB. " THE GUARDIAN." SIB,—I again beg the privilege of seme of your space to reply to " Old Contractor " and " An Ex-Couacillor," who, under the disguise of anonymity, take me to task for having the temerity to sesk the assistance of yo'ir columns in removing any doubts as to my vote upon the minimum rate of wage jiotion tabled by Cr Nathan. " An Old Contractor" asks, "Who is Councillor Bray 7" I answer with Toots my personality is of " no consequence," but in matters of municipal government my individuality ceases to exist, or rather becomes merged into until it is entirely absorbed by the representative character of councillor, and assumes the responsibilities of such position. As a councillor I am amenable to and my acts are to be judged by the ratepayers of the Centre Ward, who did me the honer by a large majority to confer upon me the dignity of councillor. In .my endeavor to obtain a fair and just minimum for skilled labor, I Bimply made an attempt to give practical effect to the principal question upon which my election was fought and won. " Old Contractor " is not up to date j in his knowledge of municipal matters ; ' to Cr O'Connor is due the credit of having initiated the consideration of the minimum rate of wage question.' On October 19, 1893, a notice of motion was tabled by him, inviting a conference of representatives from the suburban municipalities to consider the minimum rate of wage question and the localising of labor employed by Councils. The Age published the motion in its columns. Prior to the motion being discussed Cr O'Connor found the time was not ripe, and, not wishing to endanger the principle, he withdrew the motion. What was the effect of his initiation of the matter ? We find the Essendon Council shortly afterwards adopting his idea, and they were the means of giving practical effect to it. Crs Gharman and Sheedy were our representatives on the conference. Giving all credit for worthy motives, I am still of the belief that of all men contractors, especially old contractors, are from the very nature of their calling unable to give an unbiassed and unprejudiced judgment upon the claims of labor, and when "Old Contractor" speaks of the "impracticable scheme" of allocating miniT"nm rates of wage in accordance with the skill required for varioos trades, I am further convinced in my belief. If wa adopted this " impracticable scheme " we woald be following the example of the greatest corporation of theworld, to wit, the London County Council. Old contractors, as a rule, generally acquire an independence by their thrifty yet the men to whom the contractors are indebted for this independence, though' they be ever so saving, never get beyond the necessity of seeking a day's work. Rather a sad blot upon our social system this, and one that is ib apparent that every true man feels called upon to assist any scheme having for its object the amelioration of the condition of -the masses. Compulsory old age insurance may prove a valuable move in tins direction,i>ut to enable this to have effect a healthy minimum rate of wage must be established.. « Ex- Councillor " evidently read my letter hurriedly when "he read with amusement a complaint by Cr Bray about not giving him a full report," etc. Hot a line of mine could thus be construed. What I did complain about was the fact that I was not reported at all. The mention of my name as feeingopposed to the motion was all that I required The hilarity of " Ex-Conncillor " is of a rather peculiar nature. He professes to laugh and to be merry, and supplies us in an outburst of confidence with the reasons of his merriment, reasons which exist only in his vague imaginings, and do not bear a ghost-like semblance to fact. Men in the spring time of life look forward to the future with buoyant hopes and blissful anticipations, but when the autumn hues are deepening and winter's chill approaching, then dreams disappear and make way for reveries of the past; the hopeful is re- placed by the cynical, and the days that have been are contrasted with the days that are, much to the disadvantage of the latter, forgetful of the fsct chat»the condition of the things that are is bat the result of the bnildiag up in the days that have been. " Ex-Councillor " refers to a period of the past which is erroneonsly looked upon by some aa the golden era of Richmond municipal government, when the Council was such a happy family that the fiend of opposition refrained from encouraging councillors to thwart the recommendations of committees. Dnriug this period the municipal debt was greatly enlarged, and the taxpayer is now called upon to pay Is in £1 for sinking fnnd and interest, and the Council at present with the 9d left of the rate is compelled to see to the cilfl«uriiig of the city, removal of oightsoii, repairs of streets and right-of-ways, and completion of public works. Not a very easy task in the face of reduced valuations. Ko doubt the Council in the past has performed very meritorious work, for which the citizens of the present are grateful, but I wish to point out they also made some egregious blunders, notably the costly and inadequate system of underground drainage, accompanied by engineering mismanagement. The legal experience gained by the Council in the past has been purchased very, very dearly. I am now done, and will content myself with reading and not ieplying to any further criticisms. T^anVing yon in anticipation and for "psstfavor, I am, etc., 1 Nov. 20,1894. WM. J. BRAT. Theiugheet lakes in the world are on the Himalyas in Thibet, where there are some tw9iw of water aa high as 20,000 feet above 