ABOVE THE SPEAKER. (BYr AoTnars .) "sacooxa " ARn the fashion in Sydney just at present. The recent visit to the metropolis of Mrs. Besant with her distracting theosophoal theories of "mahatmas" and the more recent spiritualistic development and ox posure have temporarily captivated the intellects of many people, and the old in terrogation of Truthful James concerning Ah Sin comes to one's mind:-"Do I sleep?. Do I dream? Do I wander in doubt?" " Spooks" is the term by which those shadowy forms known to the enthusiasts of the lateat cult are do scribed; they are presumed to be "matorial ised spirits who perform all kinds of useless antics, such as devoucing chocolate croams with an almost human appetite, but.who never by any possibility transaot a single pieeoo of business during their temporary visit to living humanity that would be of service teo a "tiredand weary world." Within the last few weeks in Sydney there have been some remarkable statements published ro garding the later development of what, for want of a better term, is called spiritualism, and hundreds of persons whoin ordinary times of reason are coolly, ealmly, and collootedly intelligent have become devotees of'this alleged "sienoce." Sensible level-headed people have seized this oppor tunity to prove the old saying that all men are mad upon some subject. Extraordinary forms, matorialised .from a medium, have come from the land of ghosts, and have dis turbed the equilibrium of many people, and remarkable seanoos have tken place, in which "spooks," familiarly known as "Cissy," a little black girl, and eord,"erll, a dark-boarded " sapirit," have beoon the most prominent performers. Now, another "?exposureo" has come; false boards, very material drapery, and other artiolos have been discovered, it is allogad, in the secret " cabinet" of the modium Further "revolations" are promised, and meanwhile the oxtraordihnary temporary aberration of the publio intolleact .proceeds. But to those whoso business it is to follow polities in this country closely it is apparent that, however phantasmal and uroeal mnay be the "spooeks" of spiritualism, there are also in political life a great many "spooks " or "materialisod spirits" of legisltidn; airy, shadowy nothings whiob como to naught and leave no minaterial benefit behind them. We have already had three POLTIOCAL " sPOOiSC" in the shape of three abortive Coal Mines Bills, and a fourth is rapidly hastening to a speedy dissolution into whatevor element "spook" aroovolvodfrom. Again we have an other evident "spook" in the Land Bill now before the Assembly, of which it may be said that its ohaneoos of becoming law are as remote as that the " Geordlo " previously referred to should become Premier of the colony. The Navigation Acts Amondmont Bill was a veri table "spook," and probably was created or evolved us such. In faot, toro is nothing iu political life at present that is tangible or real exoept the passing of the stihuatoes, inoluding the £40,000 for Parliamentary ropresentation. As a profession which "practises upon the credullty of the multitude," the political business, if not the most luorative, is at least the most perplexing. The pro migod chango in the fisoal policy, also, appears to be developing into a "spok," materialicng, no doubt, in the brains of the Treasurer'and his eolloagueos,but as likely to be as spectral as the "spirits" of the recent Syduoy eoances. The Loeal Governmoent Bill is another of the same class, and it has boon periodically evolved from the medium istio methods of a Plarkes, a Dibbe, or.aRoid, with as much suoess ias the apparitions of Oissy" and ' Geordie" have mot with. It is not time, the .public are asking themsolves, that our political mnohino should begin to bring forth something more material and lastingly beneficial than those shady legislative ghosts ? Is it not time that the serious business of the country should be commeucoed? To.day the record of the now Parliament stands a barren ono; all the hopes and promises which attended its birth have vanished as the woeary weeoks drag their length along, and now few people have any anticpatlion of good results from tlb presoent Legislature. The 5ItSINES10 O LAST WICEiR, as of all the wooeeks before, lhas beeno "nil." The Assembly has ,done nothing, and the Council has done no more in the way of prac tical work. In the Assombly on Tuesday Mr, Fogan succeeded 'in carrying a resolstion, in a thin Houso, by 00 votdA to 27, in favour of introdauolng a Looal Option Without Compon satlon bill, and itis understood that a member of the Ministry, probably Mr. Garrard or Mr. Cook, will follow up the motion of the member for Wiokhamn by introdutcing tihe bill. But itsfprospoot of bosoning law is very re mote. Mr. Reid Informed the House thart ihe would deliver the finanolal stateomoent on November 7th, and there was a smile of satisfaootion on all sides, although there was cousdedorablo .doubt as to the fisoallintoltions of the ('oyernmont. A roaso. Iutloni was moved and subsequently with drawn by Mr, Rose to the offset that there should be no inoroease or change in theo form of taxation, 'a ntd that no estnimates should be passed until the "extravagant oxpendituro" r0 poems ovic sionvroe had booun coped with, The Premlor made a straightout .and sensible speech on. this motion, The Government, lie said, hlud dooided to mlakeo no fresh aplpotmnonta to the. public service until there Ldilbooen a full in quiry itto the state of the depart mensts, and if thdy found thart tirhe Oservio was "over''ano l" nas It undo:nbtodly ls they would " withouIt fesor or favour)" dis miss those wihe were not required This is an Augurin task, and horivor acos thoron Mr. olid have qoasled before its terrors; boot if he can acoomplils it he will deserve a lasting monumeno t in the remombrsnoce of tihe people. Governmenta in the prst Ihave boun wroeked for loss than throatoniurg to interfere with the Civil service, ancd the Prenier will no doubt considor well the fate of the late Ministry, whose defeat ait any rats in the metro politan constituosnaes was largely duo to the CiOlvil service voto, tI euro ho carries out his promise. Nevertholoss, hoe was perfeootly right in his spooeh on Ts?eosdsy night, and the general body of the taxpayers will wish hilm seuoos Is In arslaide agi;lnsi t one of the most importoant and most extrava gast forms of publis expoedliture, Major' Gonoral O'Sullivwc"' as Sir IHenry Parkes lsaflcngly styled the nemhuer for Quoeeu. boyan, wlntesd s seolect committoee to luquire into the radinistratlos HIIM MIIrTAIIY FOIOciS by Mijor.Goeuoaral Huttonm, but ulthlogh ir, O'Sullivsn was supported by one or two diseatisfied ex-mlilitary oflirri now MalA,, tihe HIoiseo refUsed by is largo nmajority to ssanotihus the ci?ominttoo e Mr, loldl Mr, rsnikor, Iond lir Heunry 'Pasrlkls spok us highs termIs of prolso of tis organisation sad admlrinistrslo I of thei Comlnandanst, and sthe attoomnpt of ai forstor cadet oftlioor to llittle thie cos rrinndoer of the forceso was nrot lisntoened to with lluoh attcntion, There le thi old iayisto thoit overy islin believes that lhe (iano drive Is four.' lm.hanosld or wrlts is loadinog iortiolo for the ILonldoen jl lswi I altud there is no tolrbt thlt ionmo meIniters of thie psrosesc Asiennhlrly1 who prolibibly eorld not, phist 5 q~tl ,through f tht gooe.stop, Imlagini Strosy are qualifiedl to csolsisand the lnglish armny. hot the blhll IniI hlirvoi thast, exlurptist clsnos ( of gross lij stiorn r' of other provoerl noor itsyi thy l, |e anllr i lstrItttllo n of tlhi detatls snf stIate depltrhent iartr interfered wlth the bhtter fos aill cicriIorncsll, Mr, WsIddlrl sarrlid ia r'solstiosn urgin the iasnlnity of o 'ln p'oibitivs hw"i to doltt with " ths incitsl indutirHld, and iti~t il dlugo tteiadlsiig s tho colos r ltls itdusx ofl Ansstie aid olthr coloured races," and a couple of nights after wards Mr. Reid recognised that this was an instruction to the Government, which he did not fool compelled to follow. The Land Bill was the principal subject during the re mainder of the week in the Assembly, and very slow progress was made with it. Nine clauses so far have been before the House, and of them two important scotions have been postponed, while some of the others have boon materially amended after prolonged discus sioen. The future of the bill is most uncertain. In the Council on Wednesday there mas a very short sitting, as after a resolution placing on record the services of sIR ALleEnD STniPEN that Chamber adjourned out of respect to his memory, a course, which, it may be said, .would not have boon sanctioned by the vener able statesman himself, whose constant motto was " the public service first and senti ment and all other considerations after." The remarks on the occasion, with the excep tion of the speech by Sir Julian Salomons, were neither worthy of it nor of the subject; but Mr. Cox made a true hit when he re marked that they had to-day few men-lie could almost have said " none "-who were fit t stand in the shoes of the deceased gentleman As an example of true public spirit and true doevotion to the people's cause many of the politicians of to-day would do well to study and follow the career of the venerable knight who, according to his lights, was possibly the greatest man Australia lihas yet developed in her political or judiciallife. On Thursdany the Coal Minos Bill came before the Council for consideration in committeoe. Four clauses were dealt with' and each, except the formal first clause, was greatly amended. There was in the Chamber the shadow of a coming event in the form of determined opposition to the bill at all its stages, and if the measure over passes it will be in such a condition that no one will ro oognise in it the bill as it passed the Assem bly. During the wook AN INTJ~EBSTINOG D(OCUM(NT was pr eanted to the Assembly by Mr. Reid. It wuH the correspondence oouoerning the paymment by the late Government, without the authority of Parliament, of £332 coats in the ooa of Eddy v. Martin. The o?'e will be recllected as being one in which Mr. Resaigi Martin was convicted of a ohiiuinal libel, published in a Tnamworth paper, up in the Chief Railway Commis sioner. Mr. Walnt, Q.O., appeared for Mr. :Eddy, 'and his costs came to no loss than £222, including two "refreshers," of £27 each, five " ooiferenccs " at £5 168 Od, and two fees "on briefs," one of £6107 10s and one of £32 10s. The costs of the solicitors amounted to £110. Mr. Eddy paid the money out of his own pooket, and then applied to Mr. M'Millan, then Colonial Treasurer, for a refund of the money. This was in November, 1890. The Parkecs Government loft oflloe, and the mattler camo before the Dibbs Cabinet. in 1893, when it was dooided to pay the money to Mr. Eddy "provided that Mr. M'Millan gave a reply in tihe allrmative to a letter to be written to hin to the effect that the late Government had agreed to pay it." Accord ingly the former Treasurer waswritton to, and that goatloman replied as follows :-" (Prl vate.) My dear Dibbs,-Our Government fully admitted Mr. Eddy's right to be paid out of the public funds, as the action was taken ontirely upon publio grounds, and I personally insisted on the policy of malning it a oriminal, not a civil, prosecution. It was to have been plaoed on the Eatimatos, as we thought that the better course. It should have como before the Hlouso long ago. ' I do not know why it was omitted. I trust it will not be longer delayed." Upon this com munication iyir Georgo Dibbs wrote a ehiir aotoristi, minutoe:-" On this noto I would pay the money and fight the devils efterwards.-G.R.D." The money wasthen paid to Mr. Eddy, but so far its paymoet htas not boon sanctioned by Parliamont. The matter camno before the House last wolee again. Mr. Crick asked if the Government had received it refund of the money from Mr. Eddy. " I have rooeived nothing yet," roplied Mr. Reid, "either from Mr. Eddy, or tie gentlemanu who took the money out of the Tr'ansairy without Parliamontiry sano tion." "Will you makeo ipplication for it?P" porsislod Mr. Crick, and tho Premiorretorted, " If I do, it will be to the gentleman who took the money out of tlhe Treasury.." 