THE STOKYTKLLKR I Highland Cousins. A NOVEL. By William Black. Author of ' A Princess of Thule,' 'Macleodof Dare,' &c.;, &c.; (Copyright. ) Chapter XXXVIf. — A PUBLIC SACRIFICE. It was on one of these afternoons, as Allan Hen derson and Barbara wtre returning homewards by the fhoies of the solitary and beautiful Loch Sleo chan that they beheld a marvellous apparition steal slowly into the still landscape. Far away, beyond the glassy waters of the lake, far away beyond tie swampy morass where the curlews were calling, down the lonely moorland road camc a long, undu latory, struggling assemblage, dark in hue as con trasted with the surrounding country, yet showing tags and dots of colour here and there. ' What is that ? ' asked Barbara, with her eyes staring. ' Terrible as an army with banners,' said the schoolmaster. 'It is a revolution, Barbara. No, it is a resurrection— of all the hosts slain in the time of Eobhan a' Chill bliig ? ' He paufed. Surely there was some faint and measured throb borne to them on the listening air ? — and was there not a glint of Bunlit brass at the head of the long and serpentine procession ? The maitial music became more audible. ' Whoever they are, friends or foes, we must meet them, Barbara,' said the schoolmaster. But that was precisely what did not happen, for at this point the road wound round one or two pro montories, jutting out into the mirror-like lake, so that they lost sight of that distant con* course of folk ; and when in process of time they again came in view of the head of the loch there was not a human being any v here visible. It looked as if the earth had suddenly opened and swallowed them up. { ' Did I not tell you they were ghosts ? ' said Al'an. ' They have gone into the grounds of Inveruran 1 House,' retorted Barbara. ' I cau hear the band still playing.' Well, 'when these two arrived at the lodge gate Allan made bold to ask the woman in charge what ? was meant by this portentous invasion of so secluded a neighbourhood ; and she answered him that the young Laird had invited the temperance societies of Duntroone to come out and listen to an address and witness a ceremony, aud that a number of the townspeople had accompanied him. For the way she hung back she evidently expected that Allan and his companion would also piss in ; and Barbara was curious ; spectacular displays of any kind are rare in that countty side ; so the two new comers accepted the mute invitation, and entered. As it chanced, they were well repaid. When they had reached the end of the winding avenue, and emerged into the open, a remarkable scene presented itself. On the steps in front of the open hall door stood four persons : a till, elderly lady dressed in deep mourning, two younger ladies in more cheerful attire, aiid an oldish -looking young man of about eight-and -twenty, with clean shaven face and rattier tired eyes. At the foot of the wide steps on the carriage-drive were ranged rows of large vats and barrels. Then all around stood the crowd, in a sort of loose semi-circle, most of the men wearing badges and insignia, conspicuous amongst which were the red and white and blue and white eashes of the Bechabites. When the schoolmaster and Barbara drew near the motley gathering, about the first per son they recognised was LongLauchie, the shoemaker; and beside him they remained ; doubtless he could tell them as well as auyone what was going for ward. At iirst, indeed, there was nothing but au ordinary temperance lecture, which the young man with the grey, worn face was delivering, if not with elo quence, at least with a convincing simplicity ainl earnestness. But if these statements he was making were familiar, they were none the less welcomed by his audience with an extraordinary enthusiasm ; cheer after cheer arose at the . end of each telling sentence ; aud even the lads and boys who formed the fringe of the throng conUvbuted their reckless hurrahs. All save Long Lauchie seemed to share in the general excitement. The unhappy Liuchan was silent and depressed ; his eye3 were lustreless ; a melancholy ' of Cerberus aud blackest midnight born,' appeared to have possession of Ins soul. His gay sash was hardly in keeping with this air of pro found despondency. But it was now that young Murray of Inveruran proceeded to explain the chief reason why he had asked these good folk to assemble. He would not, he said, utter a single word against those who had gone before him ; other timed had other manners; and there was no doubt that our forefathers had been iu ihe habit of drinking more than was good for them. In these present days the national conscience had become awakened ; serious attention had been called to the widespread misery and ruin resulting from the use of alcohol, and man's duty to his fellow man had become part of the accepted moral law. Long ago, he went on, he had resolved that when in the course of nature he came to succeed to the Inveruran estate, one of liis first acts would be to see that every butt and bin of wine, every cask of ale and spirits, found iu the cellar should be destroyed ; and if circumstances had detained him iu foreign parts duiing the last few years, and delayed the execution of this project, the time had at length arrived. It was not, he said, a trifling sacrifice. Large sums could have been obtained for the various wiueB that, for convenience sake, had now beeu decanted and emptied into the vats before them. There were ports, themes, madeiras of almost in credible age ; there vere burgundies, clarets, Rhine wines of inestimable quality ; there were brandies and whiskies that had been banded down from generation to generation, and carefully tended and replenished. But no p-cuniary inducement could tempt him to the dissemination of poison. It must be destroyed ! Here there was an indescribable commotion throughout the crowd : the yelling and cheering became tumultuous ; the small boys threw their caps in the air. with more wild hurrahs. Long Lauchie sighed heavily. It had been suggested (o him, the young laird proceeded, that he might have sent these wines and spirits to the great hospitals in the south. But medical men did not seem to agree as to the efficacy of alcohol in cases of illness ; and even if it could lie proved that here and there some slight advantage might accrue, the counterbalancing risk of sowing the seeds of fatal habits was of far greater import. No ; he would have no half-measures ; he would carry his principles into practice ; there was nothing ? for it but the utter extermination, so far as lay in one's power, cf those pernicious liquors that were wrecking the body and soul of our fellow-creatures. 'John!' There was a little old man standing by, a little old man with short side-whiskers, who held a hammer in his hand. ' Perhaps,' said the young laird, with a dry smile coming over his prematurely desiccated face,* 'per- haps it inay interest you, gentlemen, to know that the first cask to be opened contains between '20 and 30 dozen of madeira that made several long voyages in my great-grandfather's time. It has come to the end of itB travels at last.' He signed with his finger to the little old man, who in a nervous and tremulous fashion went along to the furthest vat. There, after some tugging and ham mering, the bung was extracted, and at once there gushed forth a stream of clear amber fluid. A hoarse roar of rejoic:ng arose from the crowd. ' Hurrah ! hurrah !' shouted the small boys. And Lauchlan Miclntyre, when he observed the turbid rivulet come along t&e; channel for draining the carriage drive — so close under their feet that Barbara had to step on to the lawn to save her sk'rts— L'luchlau regarded it with an air of still deeper dejection, and sighed more heavily than before. 'I admire that young man,' said the fchool master. ' It may be idiotcy — but there's earnest ness at the back ot it. Anl he's a weakly -looking creature, too.' Barrel after barrel followed — red streams, golden streams, white streams, commingling and rushing away down the sloping drive ; while the din and clamour of the exultant Bechabites filled the quiet evening air. ' Poor old Sandy Livingstone ! ' said the school master, absently. ' There's now one water less for him to j oacli. This stuff will have killed every sea trout in the Uran burn.' ' It is a sin and a shame ! ' said Barbara, in sharper tones. 'There are many poor people who might have had the benefit in the cold winter.' 'What, what r— you must not talk like that, Barbara!' her companion remonstrated. 'You have witnessed a sacred rite. You have beheld a libation poured out in honour of one of the new gods : and who knows but that the new god may be well worthy of worship ? Anyhow, the worship itself is a valuable thing ; think with what a serene con tcience that young man will fall asleep to-night.' Ay, the conscience.' murmured Lauchlan, from the depths of his woe. ' You may well say that — you may well say that. It's the conscience that has to be obeyed — though the flesh cries out in its weakness.' Aud at length the work of destruction was com plete ; there remained nothing but the empty tuns and the purple and brown stains on the gravel. Then the hero of the hour thanked the assemblage for having responded to his iuvitation ; they gave him three chefrs, and one cheer more ; the band took up position ; the ranks were reformed ; and to the ttirring strains of ' Neil Gow's Farewell to Whisky,' the whole concourse, small toys and all, set out again for Duntroone. There was no very strict order kept on th's line of march : stragglers from the crowd joined in the procession so as to chat with their friends; and thus it was that ' Lauchie M'Intyre could still have with him the two young people whose society, in his present dolorous state, had proved something of a solace to him. ' I'm afraid,' said Allan — in an interval of peace allowed them by the band — 'I'm afraid you're no* looking so well, Lauchlan.' 'No, I'm not well at ahl,' replied Liuchlan, with another heavy sigh, *? I have been eating nothing, or next to nothing, for some time back. I'm not fit to bs here to-day — but it was a great occasion — for giv ing testimony ? ' 'Ihe baud broke in upon them with 'Johnny Cope ' — a fine marching tuue. When quiet had been restored Lauchlan turned to the other and younger of his companions. ' I was hearing of the wedding, Miss Barbara,' he said, ' and there's a little present I have waiting for you. Will you come into the house and take it home with you.' ' Indeed, I am obliged to you, Mr. M'Intyre,' responded ^ Barbara, with glad assent. Allan looked a little disconcerted. It was scarcely for one in Long Lauchie's circumstances to be buying wedding presents. But the schoolmaster did not at the moment put in an objection. He was unwilling to rob Barbara of any little pleasure ; and perhaps after all the gift might not be of much value. So when they had got back toPuntroone the three of them made for the shoemaker's humble dwelling and ascended to the room on the first floor. It was a cheerless-looking place; and perhaps it 'was the doleful aspect of it, or perhaps it vras the fatigue of the march, tliat seemed to overcome Lauchlan. With a hopeless groan he sank down upon a wooden chair, and theu again he raised his head, and began to look round the apartment wa rib- and fearfully. ' Sometimes,' he said, in a sombre fashion ' sometimes I am seeing things that are not there.' Then he appeared to remember why he had invited these guests to come indoors ; he got up from the chair, and went away, slowly and de jectedly, to a cupboard in the passage. ' Barbara,' said the schoolmaster, in a quick undertone, ' Lauchlan M'Intyre is far from well. Could you not offer to make hi'm some tea ' I could not offer to make tea in another person's house,' she replied, not too civilly. Almost at the same moment Lauchlan returned holding in both hands (for they were shaking a little) his wedding-gift. It was an old-fashioned four-tubed Scandinavian liqueur-bottle, that origi nally had been something rather fine ; but it had been debased by the addition of a flaunting electro plated handle and stopper, and was now apparently serving as a whiBky-decanter. ' It belonged to my wife,' said he, ' and she might come back to tek it aweb.' ' Oh, thauk you, indeed ! ' said Barbara, receiv ing the gift with manifest gratification. ' Barbara, you cannot!' interposed the school master, with an angry and impatient frown. ' It is Mrs. M'lutyre's ! ' ' Ay, that is the reason— that is just the reason ' said Lauchlan, as he sank into the chair again. ' She might come back. I am not wishing for it to be here. And it is of no use to me now, he went on mournfully. It is of no use any more - -never any more. It is a sign of evil things that have been thrown aside ; I am not withing to see it again.' ' Barbara,' the schoolmaster once more protested, '? put that decanter back in the cupboard. It le longs to Mrs. M'Intyre.' ' But if Mr. M'Intyre is wishing it out of tlie house,' Barbara rejoined — and she showed no dis position to part with her present — ' it is for him to decide.' ' Ay, ay, tek it aweh,' said or moaned (he shoe maker, and he disconsolately shook his head. ' There will be no bottles of any kind in this house, not any more— never anymore.' Well, the schoolmaster would not interfere further ; but as he and Barbara walked away home to Campbell-street, there were black looks on h's face, and barely a word was spoken between them. Barbara did not seem to be much concerned : she carried the electro-plated decanter wrapped up in a half-sheet of the Duntroone Times ; she was doubtless looking forward to a further contempla tion of her treasure. And indeed Allan, still in one of his dark moods, was disposed to leave her to her own devices ; when thev reached the house, he bsde her good-bye curtly, without offering to accompany her upstairs ; and when she had gone, he forthwith betook himself to the shop over the way, where he found Jess behind the counter. At sight of Jess, the ' dour' look on his face softened considerably ; and it was in a kind of appealing fashion that he told her all about the shoemaker and his disastrous plight. ' Oh, the poor man ! ' she exclaimed ; if he is as ill as that, aud not having anything to eat, he will get worse and worse. This is what I will do now, Allan : I will take along a few things, and see if he cannot be tempted — a finnon-haddieand some strong tea would do him good, I am sure — and then he could go to his bed. And you must come with me» to compel him,' she added, laughing at him as usual. ' It will be quite a relief to you to have some one to ( Continued on page 968.) And after all Mr, McFadyen did find his chance ; for when thev had pulled away round by Camas Kan, Allan prooosel that thev should get ashore and gi for a stroll aton' tho level sands .Tess was the only one who liung back. — Chapthr XXXVIII. * ° hector and over-master ; it must be very dull for you m the holidays, when you have no one to browbeat ' Will you do that, Jessie?' he said, not heeding her jibes. Her answer was prompt and decisive. She went into the parlour to apprise her mother ; she whipped on a hat and jacket ; she got a basket, aud put a number of things into it : and presently these two were on their way to the shoemaker s, though Jess had to stop here and there to make a few purchases. Then, when they were in the house, she directed him to go into the room where the hapless Lauchie was still sitting, while she took possession of the kitchen. Lauchlan was not a cheerful companion ; and Allan, waiting there, could hear quite plainly what she was about ; he could hear the sticks being put into the grate, he could hear them beginning to crackle in the flames ; he could hear her getting forth p'ates and knives and forks from the cupboard. And not only that, but he could make out that Jess, as she went hither and thither, was contentedly and blithely singing to herself the song of the 'Twa Bonnie Maidens' — There are twa bonnie maidens, anl tnree bonnie maidens, \- 'am' over the MiiicU and c.'i i ii' over thn main ; Wi' the wind for their way, :ind thecoirie for their home, And (hey are dearly welcnne to fSkye again. And well lie knew the meaning of the enigmatic refrain : Come alonr, come alon£, wi' your boatie and your song, Sly a in bimnie maidens, my twn bonnie maidens, J'or the Jiifrlit it is dark, and tlie red-e -ut is yono, And ye arc dearly welcome to SVtyc ajraic. ' She's a good-hearted lass, that,' said Allan, almost to himself. ' Did ye speak r' asked Lau;hlan, trying to rouse himself out of this stupor of abject misery. ' I say this,' continued the schoolmaster, 'that Jessie Maclean has taken a great deal of trouble in bringing you these things ; aud you're not going to offend her by refusing them.' Refuse them ! He could not ! They would have awakened the pangs of hunger in the interior of a caryatid. For here was Jess with a snow-white cloth for the small table ; aud here were plates and knives and forks, all bright and clean ; and here was a golden-shining Fiudon haddock, smoking hot and well peppered ; and here was crisp brown toast, with pats of fresh butter : and here were young lettuces plentifully besprinkled with vinegar. Then the tea, not overswectened, was strong enough to have galvanised a mummy ; so that gradually, when Lauchlan had eaten and druuk a little, the appre hensions of imminent— alternating perhaps with some vague longing for — death appeared to fade away somewhat from his features. ' It is a kind woman you are,' he said to her, in Gaelic; 'and it is I that am thankful to you for coming here this evening.' ' Then you must go to bed soon, and 'have a sound night's rest,' Jessie answered him. 'Ay, ay, just that,' he said, reverting to English ; ' and maybe — maybe I'll not be seeing them things that are not true.' They left him much comforted in body and mind ; and as Allan accompanied Jess back to the shop, he was endeavouring to express his gratitude to her for her charity towards the unhappy shoemaker. But Jess did not seem to think much of what she had done ; when she bade him good-bye Bhe returned to the little parlour and to her placid knitting ; and as the ' Twa Bonnie Maidens '-' had got into her head, she occasionally beguiled herself with a phrase or a stanza — There's a wind on the tree, and a ship on the sea, My ain bonnie maidens, my twa bonnie maidens ; Your cradle I'll rock 011 the lee of the rock, And ye'll aye be welcome to Slrye again. ' You're crooning there like a cushie doo,' said her mother, looking up from her newspaper. ' Has any one asked ye to mairy him ?' ' They're not likely to do that, mother,' she answered, with great contentment, 'and I'm well enough without.' Chapter XXXVIII.-BBST MAN AND BRIDE GROOM. But Jess was mistaken. There was at least one person whose sole and consuming anxiety at this moment was to ask her to become his wife, if only he could summon up his courage and also find an opportune occasion. The latter point was the coun cillor's chief difficulty. As for courage, he had re solved to discard the shadowy evidence of dreams ; if at times he had found his physical nerve not quite what it might be, he had 011 the other hand a sufficiency of moral will ; he made no doubt that when the great crisis came he would be able to acquit himself. But how waB he to have private speech with Jess when she was either sittiug in the parlour with her mother, or walking with Barbara, or consulting with Allan about the window-hangings of his new house ? And then every day the school master's wedding was drawing nearer ; and he, Peter, was to be the best man— with this supreme problem of his life unsolved. The councillor grew desperate. He determined that he would take the very first chance that presented itself, no matter how, when, or where, to free himself from this terrible perplexity. And yet it was not an auspicious chance, as it turned out. One fiue morning he was walking along Campbell- street, and in passing the tobacco nist's shop he glanced in and noticed that Jessie was behind the couuter, and that the was standing there alone. A sort of vertigo of bravery rushed to M'Fadyen's head ; he would dare his fate then and there. He stood stock-still for only a second ; perhaps it was to collect himself for the plunge ; theu he entered the shop. Jess received him with the kiudliest greeting. ' Have you heard,' he said, after a brief be wildered pause, ' that I am to be Allan's best man?' ' Oh, yes,' she answered, ' Barbara was telling me that.' 'Ay— — ' And here there was another pause. He seemei trying to utter something. 'Ay,' he managed to ray at length, ' but I would rather be going to tlie wedding in another capacity.' ' Well, well,' said Jess, with a touch of wonder in her smiling grey Mes, -; would you like to be the bridegroom yourself? But I am^ot astonished ; all the young men are daft on Barbara — every one of them ; they cannot keep their eyes off her when she is in church ? ' 'No, no, I did not mean that at all,' the coun cillor broke in, hurriedly. ' Do ye not understand, Miss Jessie— it is not as anybody's best man I would like to go to the wedding — there's something else possible ? ' I want two ounces of cut cavendish and a clay pipe,' said a thm small voice, and a little red-headed lassie came timidly forward and put a silver coin on the counter. Mr. M'Fadyen glared at this youthful emissary as though he could have strangled her ; but there was nothing for it but the smothering of his wrath : he had perforce to wait in silence until she was served and had gone away. ' Do ye not understand, Miss Jessie?' he resumed. ' If there were two weddings on the same day, would not that be better ? I would rather go in the capacity of bridegroom than as best man — that's what I'm driving at. If Allan and me had our weddings on the same day, that would be something like. And how can you speak of Barbara ? How can ye imagine I was ever thinking of Barbara? I'll not deny that she's an attractive kind of lass — av, and weU set up — the young Queeu of Sheba, I was call ing her to Allan the other day, but, bless me, there's finer qualities than a slim waist and a silk gown ? ' At this moment the door was darkened, and no less a person than the Provost — a big, burly mau, with a frank, broad face and a loud, honest voice — looked in. ' Good morning, Miss Jessie,' said he. ' Good morning. Provost.' 'Ay, ye're there, friend M'Fadyen. I got a glimpse of you ; and I was wanting to see you,' the Provost continued, briskly. ' Have ye drawn Out your notice about the North Pier ? I would like to have a look at it before ye submit it to the council. But we're all with you; there'll bs no opposition ; we must just pay the £50 to the Board of Trade and get an examination ; and I'll be surprised if they find that the conditions of the grant of the foreshore have been complied with. Everyone admits that the state of the North Pier is a scandal and a disgrace to the town; there'll be 110 opposition; but I'd just like to have a look at the terms of the motion, if ye do not mind, that is ? ' Mr. M'Fadyen was choking with rage and vexa tion. But what could he do r He could not throw the Provost into the street, for the Provost was a man of large build. He could not bring his ail important conversation with Jes3 to its proper climax m presence of a stranger. And if he remained boxed up in this corner, to he talked to about the North Pier, his anger, that he with the greatest difficulty kept under control, would inevitably break forth aud cause -111 amazing scsne. ' Come away, then — come away,'' lie said at last, with concealed ferocity. '? Tlie paper is in my desk. Come along to my ofiice and I'll show it to ye there. Good-bye, Miss Jessie ; I hope I will see you soon.' Aud therewith the luckless councillor departed, no doubt inwardly cursing the North Pier and the fore shore aud everybody connected with both. But fortune was more friendly towards him on the evening of this same day ; for, as he was jjassiiig along the front he perceived that the schoolmaster, Jess, and Barbara had all of them just got into a rowing-boat, bent on some excursion or other. He quickened his pace, got down upon the beach, and hailed them before they ha:l gone any distance. ' Will ye ship another passenger r' he cried. ' If yo'il take an oar,' Allan called in return — and he proceeded to back the stern in and ou to the shingles. 'That will I !' said the councillor, blithely, and presently be had got into the boat and taken up his post at the bow. 'I would not euter myself at a regatta,' he proceeded ; ' I'm not for showing off ; but in an ordinary kind of way I can take an oar with anybody. Dod, some o' they young fellows at the Gymnasium can do most astounding tricks! — but what's the use o' them ? It's steady work that pays in the end ; and I could go on like this just the whole day. Did I tell ye they had made me treasurer ? Ay, that's my proud title : Treasurer of the Gymuastic Section of the YouDg Men's Guild. It's all very well for lads at their time of life to twirl themselves round wooden bars ; but when it comes to accounts, they have to call in age and experience. A little longer stroke, Allan — slow and steady — that's it — that's it now — man, I could go on like this four-and-twenty hours.' Now oddly enough all of these remarks were ad dressed exclusively to the schoolmaster. The moment of his entering the quick eyes of the councillor had observed that Jess Macleau looked most unusally embarrassed. It could not be that he was unwelcome ? Or had she divined what he was about to say to her when the burly Provost put in his appearance ? The latter was the more probable ; and so much the better, Mr. M'Fadyen said to himself; she must have had time to consider ; she would not be startled when next he had an opportunity of urging his suit. But when aud how was any su2h opportunity to be secured ? His companions seemed to'have neither aim nor destination ; there was not even a hand-line in the boat ; they appeared to be quite content with sailing out into this world of strange and mystic splendour. And they had reason to be content. For if the sun had gone down behind the deep rose purple hills, there was still plenty of light and radiance ; the afterglow was all around them ; the bay and the outer seas as well formed but one vast lake of moiten gold ; while there was a warmth of hue along the hanging woods and the terraced gardens and houses they were leaving behind. Dark and clear were the lofty ruins of the castle ; dark and clear were the outjutting rocks in shadow ; soft and clear was the twilight of the Maiden Island ; but out in the open — far out on that golden lake— the one or two small boats that lay at the fishing banks were of the intensest black. These were magical evenings for lovers : no wonder the councillor longed to be of the company. And after all Mr. M'Fadyen did find his chance ; for when they had pulled away round by Camas 3ay, Allan proposed that they should get ashore and go for a stroll along the level sands. Jess was the only one who hung back ; she said she would rather remain in the boat ; then they remonstrated ; and finally, not to seem singular, she landed with them. And almost immediately the four became two and two ; it could hardly be helped. In view of the im minent wedding, everyone knew that the school master and Barbara must have many things to talk over; and it was but common civility to leave them to themselves. 'Jessie,' said the councillor, when some little space intervened between the two couples, ' did ye not understand what I was going to say to yc when the Provost came iu this morning ? ' ' Maybe I guessed what it was — and maybe I was Borry to be guessing,' answered Jess, in a low voice. ' Oh, but you must not say that,' the councillor went on, anxiously and earnestly. ' I'm not an ill hearted man, and l'm not a spendthrift Ye would find a comfortable home, aud I've waited a long time for ye, Jessie. I know there's younger men than me, and it's but natural yc should think of someone younger ; but maybe they would not put such a value on you as I do. To me you're just the one in ten thousand — the best I ever knew, and the best dispositioned. When you try to say a spiteful tiling there's aye a laugh in it aud no harm done ? ' ' Oh ! Mr. M'Fadyen ! ' said Jessie in great dis tress, ' you must not talk like that, and you must not speak of this any more. We can be friends just as we have been for so long. And you must not think I am not sensible of your uncommon kind ness, not only to us but to Allan — your helping him about the classes, and seeing about the new house for him ? ' It was for your sake, Jessie,' he interposed. ' But,' she said, quickly, ' you will not let your relations with Allan be altered now, whatever else happens ? ' ' Whether it is to be yes or no from yon, Jessie,' he answered her. ' I'm not going back from any thing I undertook to do for Allan, you may be sure of that. I'll stand by him if he should want a friend » - Her hand stole timidly towards his, for a second, in mute token of thanks. ' But, Jessie,' he exclaimed, though still in an undertone, 'I cannot see why it shouldn't be yes. I have been coming about your house for a long while, and on the best of terms with you and your mother, and I'm sure I wasna noticing there was any one you had fixed your fancies on ? ' ' Oh, there's no one — there's no one ! ' said Jess — and she was crying a little. ' You need not think of that. It's just that — well, I cannot explain — but, Mr. McFayden, you have been so kind to us, to all of us, that I will ask something more of your kindness, and it is to put away -that idea from your head, once and for all, and let us be the same friends that we have been for so long a time.' The councillor hesitated for a second. Then he said : — ' I will take your answer, Jessie, for the present. And I will not bother you. But I am a patient man — and I have seen strange things happen, through waiting. Only, I will not bother you until you your self give some sign.' And therewith for a few moments they walked ou in silence until they rejoined their companions, who were ou the point of turning at the end of the sands, and together the four of them strolled back to the boat ; aud presently they had set off for home again through an enchanted twilight— tor now the golden moon had sailed into the lilac heavens, and golden was the pathway of flame that lay on the smooth water all the way over to the black shores of Kerrara. Clear and lambent as the night was, none of them noticed that Jess had been crying. Aud thus it happened that, not as bridegroom, but as best man, Mr. McFadyen beheld the wedding day approach ; and indefatigable and important was he in the discharge of his duties ; and handsome indeed were the presents he bestowed on the young couple. Then the little widow would not have her neice leave the house quite penuiless— she must have her modest dowry ; and Jess also contributed from her slender store— at the same time persuading Barbara that plum-coloured velveteen was hardly suitable as a travelling-dress ; and the shoemaker showed his interest and concern by calling once or twice to beg and implore them not to permit the use of alcohol 011 the day of the ceremouy. Amidst all this bustle of preparation a most remarkable piece of luck (.as she considered it) fell in Jess Maclean's way. She was not much of a reader of newspapers ; and ft was by the merest accident that her eye happened to light on an advertisement of the new number of a certain great quarterly, giving the list of coLtents ; and there she saw, to her inexpressible joy, that the first articlc was entitled ' The Olkslieder of Germany.' Within a couple of minutes she was out of the shop and on her way to the railway station. ' Can you get me that,' she said, showing the advertisement to the young man ai the book- stall. ' Can you get me that and make sure that I'm to have it by the day after to-morrow ' I'll try,' said he. ' I will write at once.' ' No, no,' said she. ' That will not do. There must be 110 mistake about it. You must telegraph ; and I will pay you for the telegram.' She took out her purse. ' Surely, if you telegraph now to Glas gow, the magazine should be here by to- morrow night, or the next morning at the latest.' ' Oh, yes ; there's little doubt,' the young man said. ' And you will send it along to me the moment it comes ?' He promised to do so ; and Jess, her face radiant with satisfaction, hurried away back again. But she did not reveal to a living soul what she had dis covered, and what she had done. The wedding-ceremony, as is usual in Scotland, was to take place in the bride's home ; aud 110 doubt it would have been quiet, modest, and unpretentious, but that Mr. M'Fadyen, by virtue of his office, over rode all their scruples and protests, and insisted on having things managed well and properly. He meant to show Jess that he could be as good as his word ; and naturally he was a free-handed kind of a mau ; when, for example, there arose the question of get ting help at the breakfast table— the girl Christina haviug to attend over the way at the shop — he promptly solved the difficulty hy going along to the Argyll Arms and engaging at his own cost two of Mrs. M'Askill's waiters. Then he greatly pleased Barbara by consenting to arrange for an open car riage to take them from the house to the railway sta tion, whereas Allan had been pleading for a closed cab. And when the schoolmaster was grumbling and growling against the proposal to have speech making at the breakfast, Peter paid but little atten tion ; speeohmaking he would have ; he was already priming himself by the study of a little sixpenny guide to tbat art. At length the fateful day arrived ; and the young Queen of Sheba was arrayed in all her splendour ; aud the Minister was merciful as to the length of his address. Then, when the simple rites were over, and a decent interval had elapsed, Mrs. M'Askill's waiters appeared on the scene ; the table was hauled into the room again ; and presently there was furnished forth a quite elegant little feast— the pre sentation decanters, and the crystal, and the tiny bouquets of flowers making a most bright and cheer ful show on the white cloth. The Minister presided ; Mr. M'Fadyen acted as 'croupier;' and when the small company had taken their seats it was seen that the cunning councillor had so arranged matters that Jess found herself placed next to himself— Jess, whose friendly grey eyes were at their kindliest towards every one present. All went meny as a marriage bell, indeed ; the Minister told humorous stories hoary with age; the councillor was so ex tremely facetious that the nimblest wit could hardly follow him ; healths and toasts were proposed and answered; and Mrs. Maclean, though she was a little overawed by the presence of the two waiters, was nevertheless delighted with the careful way in which they handed round her trembling jellies.' In the midst of this prevailing and joyous tumult a tall aud melancholy figure presented itself at the door. ' Aw, it's a sad sight— a sad sight .'' exclaimed a mournful voice. ' It's a sorrowful tiling to see two young lives beginning like this ? ' The Councillor looked up quickly. He was just about to rise to ask them to drink the health of Mrs. Maclean; and he had the opening sentences of his speech ready and put 011 the tip of his tongue ; so that the interruption entirely disconcerted him. ' Well, what do you want ?' he demanded, with his eyes glaring. ' It's my duty to protest,' said Long Lauchie, regarding dismally the decanters and the glasses on the table ; ' I was thinking it would be like this ? ay, and it's a peetiful thing to see the two young people with ruin and destruction staring them in the face ? ' ' Oh, go to the mischief !' cried tho Councillor— his eyes now fairly glittering with rage. ' Here, you waiters, pitch that man down the stairs ! ? fling him down the stairs ! ? ' But Allan interposed. He rose and went to the door, aud got hold of Lauchlan by the arm, and led him out. 'My good friend,' he said, 'your zeal does you every credit ; but it lacks discretion. There's no drunkenness going ou there, nor anything ap proaching to it. As for Barbara and myself, we are text door to teetotallers.' ' Ay, that's just it— that's just it,' said the shoe maker, with a deep sigh. 'Ye do not understand your danger ; ye think you're safe because of such treacherous guides as temperance and moderation ; yc do not see that they are leading you to the brink of the pit. It s an ahfu' thing to think of — how near you are to perdition and disgrace ? ' '.'Tuts, tuts, mau!' said the schoolmaster, with angry browe. ' Listen to me now. If you'll come in and s t down, and have a bite and sup with us — water if you like— you'll be heartily welcome ; but we wish for none o' this havering — ' Ay, ay, just that,' responded Lauchlan, with a lamentable shake of the head. 'But I'll not trouble ye. I've done my duty. Maybe you'll see your grievous mistake before the destruction comes upon ye. I'm hoping that— yes, ves, I'm hoping that— for I wish ye well— I with ye well ? ' And therewith he departed — as miserable a human being as any in Duntroone ; but at least he had done what he could ; if the young couple were rushing on their doom, it was not for want of warning. This brief interruption was soon forgotten among the general festivities, which were, indeed, pro longed until it was about time for the young folk to think of their train. And meanwhile* it had been arranged that, while the rest of the company should say good-bye here in the house, or at furthest on the pavement below. Mr. M'Fadven and Jess, as the two special friends, were to drive in a cab to the railway station, to bid farewell there. WheuJess and her companion arrived on the platform, she was carrying a small parcel wrapped up in paper. There was 110 time to lose ; the guard was coming along, examining the tickets. Barbara got into the compartment, and began assorting her travelling paraphernalia. ' Allan,' said Jess, shyly, ' I could not get you any wedding-present that I thought ycu would like ? ' ' What's that, Jessie?' he made answer, in accents of reproach. ' When your kindness of these past weeks has been one continual wedding present ! ' ' But I have brought you a little thing here,' she proceeded, 'that may well please you, and surprise you, if you have been too busy lately to notice much in the newspapers ? ' She undid the packet that she carried, and handed to him the new number of the quarterly that had been telegraphed for from Glasgow. He took it from her, and the next moment he gave a sudden little start of astonishmeut. 'God bless me,' he exclaimed, in a boyish rap ture of delight, ' they've given me the first place ! ' And he would turn over the pages, or rather the sheaves of pages, for the edges of the review were uncut— his fingers holding the sheets open, his en tranced eyes following this or that sentence, this or that paragraph, as if it were all a marvel and wonder to him. He forgot about the urgent guard ; he for got about the thanks due to Jessie for her ingenious thoughtfulness ; he even forgot about his impatient and perhaps petulant, bride. And then amougst them they got him bundled into the carriage, his treasure clasped tightly under his arm ; the door was slammed to ; there was a shriek of a whistle, and the train began to move ; finally came a fluttering of handkerchiefs so long as a certain window remained visible. Then Jess turned away. ' I'm going back to the house with you, Jessie.' said the Councillor, ' You and your mother will be a wee thing dull after so much excitement ; and I'm just going to take the privilege of an old friend to intrude on you.' ( To be continued.) 