THE PHANTOM HORSEMAN. A TALE OP TASMANIA. By C.R.G. TtiRrearp more things in heaven anti earth; Horatio,• than are-dreamt, of in your philo sophy.— ShaUspeare. I may preface the following true story by Statin# that I have not, and never had, any belief in the supernatural. Spirits—uulese in a liquid state—I reokon but the myths of . the superstitions; spiritualism X estimate as arrant humbug, and theso-called supernatural.. appearances and extraordinary “manifesto- • tions” of whioh we hear so muoh merely the natural result of trickery imposing upon mental weakness. I firmly believe that all the singular pheno mena produced by mediums, clairvoyants, thought-readers, et hoe genus omne, are the outcome of human ingenuity or jugglery, and may be readily accounted for by those who dip deeply into scientific lore, or who may happen to bo expert professors of the art of legerdemain. So great indeed is my contempt for the ghostly fra ternity that I would as liof sleep in a ohurch yard as in a hotel, were it not for _ the inconvenience which would undoubtedly be caused by the hardness of a tomb stone for a pillow; and feel sure that no respectable ghost would resent my in trusion into the neighborhood of hie prison house. But I am, of course, open to convic tion. Spirits I am prepared to believe in just go soon as they will consent to give over such schoolboy pranks as fap-. ping table legB, olashing muBioal. instruments, etc., and will volunteer to do something useful to humanity, such, for in stance, as to give a hard-up pressman the straight tip for the next Melbourne Cnp. An amiable and well trained bona fide ghost might lie made •xtremely useful in many wayB. On the staff of an evening journal, for example, such _aii4 acquisition would he worth untold gold—• would, in fact, prove a mine of wealth worth half a dozen Coolgardies. Fanoy being! able, by spirit expross, to give a couple of colums of illustrated description of the wreck ef the Alert half an hour after—or for the matter of that, half ®*_“(»nr before—it .happened, with a full list oi the men’s names and their photographs . Or, to give the full Eoores of our boys cricket matches in England before they were played. From a utilitarian point of view l is evident the denizens of spirit land, if they really existed, should command every success in their overtures to mortals, instead of which th'eyhaveonly contriyedhithertotomskethem— selvesextremely ridiculous and untrustworthy-^ If, as I said before, one of them will five me the Cnp tip X will promise with my winnings to found a “ Spirits’ Estreat ’’ somewhere in Bouverie street, and undertake to provide the poor perturbed spirits with chairs, tables, banjos, tambourines, ■ eto., ad lib. for their reoreation. It was in Tasmania, about 22 years ago that I saw the Phantom Horseman. The title is a purely fanciful one, .as for reasons above elated, I no more believe that he. was a phantom than X believe in the libels written about Australian pronunciation.. The time was, appropriately enough,, midnight.; It was pitchy dark, and inky thunderclouds covered the firmament and hung over the earth like a funeral pall. A fitting rime and night indeed for the perambulations of unearthly visitants, yet I was young, tired, and hungry, and my only thought was to get home ■ to a comfortable fire and something to eat. Certainly thoughts of ghosts never entered my head. X was riding homewards from a country house known as “ The llend” (not the Varra Bend, incredulous wader) situated on the North Esk river. The lateness of the hour, and tho threatening storm induced me to urge my horse to a v hand gallop, and just as X turned into a narrow lano about a mile from home tho Btorm burst in all its fury. And it was' furious ! Torrents of rain descended—each drop seemed a buoketful; peals of thunder succeededenchotherwith startling anddeafen ing rapidity, and flash after flash of sheet lightning at intervals ot a few seconds lit up the scene and rendered every object as plainly visible as at midday. The lane I was riding in was a very narrow footpath—so narrow that in galloping along my feet brushed against the gorse hedges on either side of me. There was no room for even a sheep to’ pasn my horse in the lane j: of that I am certain. In fact it was not once in six monthn that anybody ever rode along the path; it was (merely , intended for foot i passengers, and I had only ridden into it in the hope of getting home by the nearer way in time to avoid a drenching. About half way up the lane a flash of lightning more -vivid than usual lit up the scene, and to my horror it showed me another horseman a few paoes in front of me, also riding at full gallop, and coming from the place to whioh I was making. The lightning’s flash enabled me to see everything dearly. The man was mountedon a grey horse, and was dressed in a light grey- tweed suit, felt hat pressed down over his eyes, and top boots. He had no overooat, but a comforter of some kind wrapped round his throat. The feeling of horror I experienced was not be eanie of-- any tuperstitious fear, hoi simply because I took horse and rider to be composed of flesh, blood and hone, like myself and my steed, and know that under the cir cumstances a collision was inevitable, we were only a couple of lengths sipart, both riding at a gallop, and there was not the slightest possibility of passing eaoh other or of pulling up our horses. Ws were as certain to run into each other as the Camperdown into the Viotoria when Admiral Tryon gave his fatal order. I involuntarily shut my eyes ana awaited the shook. A couple of seconds suspense and nothing happening, I opened them again. Another flash of light ning came, and lo! .my horseman had disappeared* and I could see right up the straight lane to tho white gate at the end* pulled up, turned round and at tho next flash looked back whence I had oome. Th@ lano was empty f nor was there any sign of living thing in the fields on either side of the gore© *\$eU, I rodo on home in a state of simple bewilderment. -The horseman must have called at tho house in order to get the key of the gate leading, .into the lane, but enquiry there only intensified the mystejy, ma - ao one .. had - called ainoa I left five hours previously. and the gate was, as usual, seonrely padlocked for the lane was a private one and “no thoroughfare” to the general public. Then I began to think I had at last seen a real live 