THE S°WANGE TRAGEDY OF TflifI WHITE STAll. By W. CO.an I RussyE.L. (,Continued.) For some .time after we left Sydney pnothing wvtJtevpr noteworthy happened. One , uipt eyening I came on deck at eighl o'clock to take oharge of the ship ijll .iidnight. We were still in the temperite parallels, the.veather of a true'Paicific swetness, and, by the ,day, the ocean} a darIk blue rolling breast of water, feathering on every round of swell in sea- fashes, out of which would sparkle the flying-fish to sail down the bright .oils wind for a space, then vanish in spine brow of .brine with the flight of n silver arrow. This night the moon was dark, the hyeather someyhat thick, the stars pale p?er the trqcks, and hidden in the pbscurity a little way down the dusky slope of firmarenent. Windsails were wriggling fore and aft like huge white pnakes, gaping for the tops and writh ing out Of the hatches. The flyslh of sunset was dying when [ Game on' deck. I saw the captain slowly pacing the weather side of the poop witJi Miss Le grand. He seemed earnest in his talk and gestures. Enpugh western light Still lived to enable, me to see faces, and I observed that 11rs. Bur.ey, standing to lee~yrd of a skylight, talk ing with a gent.eman, would glarce-at the couple with a satirical smile when pver they came abreast of her. But sopn the nightcame down in dark ness up p the deep; the wind blew damp out pf the dusk in a long moan over the rail, heeling the ship yet by a couple of degrees; the captain sang out.for the fore and mizzen-royals to be clewed up and furled, and shortly afterwards went belpw, first handing Miss Le Grand dqn the 'pmpanipn .way. I guessed the game was up with the worthy man. He had met his fate and taken to it with thle meekness of a sheep. He might dbo worse, I thpught, as I started on a solitary stroll, so far as looks are copperned; but what of her nature-her character I It was puzzling to think of what sort of spirit it was that looked out of her wonderful eyes; and she waq not a kind of a girl that a span would care to leave ashore; po much beauty full of a subtle endevil ment of some sort as it seemed, to me, must needs demand the constant sentinelling of a husband's presence. lThat was how it "strupk me. By eleven o'clock all was hushed throughout the ship; lights out, the gaptain turned in, nothing stirring for ward save the flitting shape of the look put under the yawn of the pale square of fore-course. : It was blowing a pleas ant'breeze of wind, and-lost in thought I leaned over the rail at the weather fore-end of the poop watching the cold pea-glow shining in the dark water as the foam spat past,.sheeting away astern in a furrow like m.onlight. I will pwear I did not doze; that I never was guilty. qf whilst on duty in all the years I was at sea ; but I don't doubt that I was sunk iq deep thought, insomuch that my pevorie may have possessed a temporary power of abstraction as com plete as slumber itself. I was startled into violent wakeful ness by . a 'anopade pofcanyas aloft, and found the ship in the wind.. I looked aft; the.wheel.was deserted at least I believed so! till on rushing to it, meanwhile shouting to the watch on * fleck, I spied the figure of the helmsman pn his fa~p, .lose beside the binnacle. I thought he was dead. The yptch in answer to my shouts came tumbling to the braces, and in a few minutes the .captain mad his appearance. The ship was got to her course afresh, by which time the man who had .been steering was so far recqyered as to be able to . it on the gratiqg abaft the.wheel and relate what had happened. \- . He was 4'Dane; q nd:spoke with a ptrpng foreign accent;,]beyond my art to eproduce. He said hehad been look '~g avwaytolieward1 helieving he saw tp Ig;.t out upon the horizon, when on tri:-' t in .his lIe.d he bpheld a ghpst at tA. what I" said the ,aptain. !•a ghpst,. sir, iso help ne--R. and. Pere h }little Dane indulged in soppe very vfq!.pt language1 all deqigned to ponvince p. that he spole the pruth,. SWhat .was it like '- asked the cap pain. " aIt was.ressed in white, and stood Jooking at .e: I trie4 top run and pould not, hut fell, and maybe fyinted.n \- ':.The drped :idiot slept," said the papfain to me, "'aid dreamt and .dop e~d ,down on his not." *: . .ad I drqpped on myn.at I sh?uld pot Jave woke' up then 1" prie4 the Dane in a passior of candor. -. ",o fprw rd and tprn in," said the paptain. fTh9 ,doptpr shgJi spe you and re port to pie.."! When the man wag gopp the captain "? .ked me if I h.d seeqanytlipg likely " pc?rjdce te .ipres,.ion of. ahqst on an ignorant credulous man's mind. I answered pq, wondering that he should ask such a question. " How long was the man in a fit, d'ye think?" said he, "that is before you found out that the wheel was deserted 7'. "Three or four minutes.'! iHe, looked .into the binnacle, took a turn about the decks, and without say ing anything more about the ghost, went belo.y. Th 'dotor piext day repqrted the Dane was perfectly well and pf sound mind, and that he stuck with many im precations to his story. He describ'ed the ghost as a 'figure in white that looked at him with sparkling eyes, and yet blindly. He was unable to describe the features. Fright, no doubt, stood in the way of perception. He could not imagine where the thing had come from. He was, as he had said, gazing at what looked like a spYrk or.star to leeward, when turning his head he found the shape close beside him. The doctor and the captain talked the' thing over in my presence, and- we decided to consider it a delusion on the part of the Dane, a phantom of his imagination, mainly because the man swooned after he saw the thing, letting go the wheel so that the ship came up into the wind, and it was impossible to conceive that a substantial object could have vanished in the time that elapsed between the man falling down and the flap of sails which had called my atten tion to the abandoned helu. However nothing was said about the matter aft. The sailors adopted the doctor's opinion, some viewing the thing as a "Dutchman's" dodge to get a " night in." .. A few days later brought us into cold weather; this was followed by the ice and conflicts of the Horn. We drove too far south, and for a week every afternoon we hove-to urider a close- reefed maintopsail for fear of the ice throughout the long hours of Antarctic blackness. We were in no temper to think of ghosts, and yet though no one had delivered the news authoratively, it had come by this wild bleak time to be known that Captain Griffiths and Miss Le Grand were engaged, Mrs. Burney told me so one day in the cuddy, and with a wicked flash of her dark eyes wondered that people pould think of making love with icebergs close at hand. It was no business of mine, and seem ingly I gave the matter no heed, though I could find leisure and curiosity some times for an askant glance at the cap tain and his beauty when they were at table or when the' weather permitted the lady to pome on deck; and their behaviour left me in very little doubt that he was deeply in love with !er, but whether she was equally enamored of him I could not gqeSs. We beat clear of the latitude of roar ing gales blind with snow and moqn taindus icelands like cities of. alabaster in ruins, and seas ridging in thunder and foam to the height of our mizzen top, and heading north blew under wide wings of studding sails towards the sun, every day, sinking some southern stars out of sight, and every night lifting above the sea-line some gem of the heavens dear to the northern eyes. I went below at eight bells on a Fri day morning when we were two months "out" from Sydney, as I very well remember. The ship had then caught the first of the. south-east trade wind. All was well when I left the deck. I was awakened by a hand violently shaking my shoulder. I sprang up and found Robson, the second mate, stand ing beside my bunk. He was pale as the ghost the Dane had described. " There's been murder done, sir,'! he cried. "The captairi's killed." I stared at him like a fool, and echoed mechanically:and dully, l. Mur der done ! Captain killed !" Then collecting my, wite I. trembled into my clothes and rushed to the captain's cabin, where I, found the doctor and the third mate examinin poiGri?iffiLths's body. It was half-past six in: the morning and thedaylight strong, but none bf the passengers were moving,. The captain had been stabbed to the heart. The doctor said he had been killed by a single thrust;' The body was clothed in white drill trousers and a white linen shirt, which was slightly stained with blood where the knife had pierced it.' '' Who had done this thing ? It was horrible,uiiprvokedmurder! Through outthe ship the captain had been the .upst popular man on board. The fore castle liking for him was as strong as sentiment of any sort can find ex pression in tha1t part of a vessel. There had never been a mqrmur. In deed, I had never sailed with a better crew. Not a man had deserted us at Sydney, and of the hands on bbard at least half had sailed with the captain before. :.We carefully searched the cabin, but there was nothing whatever to tell us that robbery had been committed. However,~a ghastly shopking murder had been perpetrated; the man on whose skill and judgement had de pended the safety of the ship and the many liyes within her had been foully done to death in his sleep by some mysterious hand, and we determined at once upon a course. (To be continued.) 