THE ULTIMATUM OF CAPTAIN FARUS. £NOW PIR«T"PaBMBHED. BY ERNEST GLANVTLLE. " Attttor of » Tho Lout Holwss," " The ' Hotaiokers," tcc., Jco. . — xbpirlght. |j? . Darbf. ?Vll Natal, in 1870 mi a gay and festive 1-Jv.s.. Tho hotrTs wire crnmmod with warriors, tho loilgiug-boueet wore stuiferi with beds almost to. bursting, and tho very (fool wss cleaued out by tho wbito-oontod Zulu police forthe accommoda tiotiof timid strangeni. If report is to be oroditcd, a very high oflloinl indeed took Up his feather hod, in that time of scares, and sought lafety evory night within tho thick walls of the prison. ' Young officers, camped out on tho lawn of the Royal Hotel. Alljday long there was the click of ivory balls, the .gonial popping of oham- paguc corks, the clunk of sabres and the jlnglo of spurs. ( Through the drowsy nflornoons smart traps rolled out from tho yiird and wcut spinning through tho leafy roads of tho Borea, driven by military nondesoripts,' with high collars and waxod moustaohes. Ladies with sparkling eyes and hair of a palo yellow held court, and always had at bcok and call a string of gay cavaliers. Some three weeks nL'ter Ulundi I sat on a verandah overlooking a wide court, wherein a horse dealer from BuonosAyres was entertain ing a crowd of idlers. He bid a bigh- shouldorud muBtang, which he had brought over as a specimen of the troopers ho could supply, and was showing tho various uses to which his wonderful saddle could be put. Suspended from either cud by a lariat, it made a serviceable hammock ; spread out it served as a blanket or a table-cloth ; thrown over the shoulder It lecamo a olouk ; folded up it was again a saddle. Then ho made a cast with his lasso, and swang tho bolus, a feat which ouo of tho spectators attempted with signal disaster to his owu limbs. " Civil take the tiling,7 ho cxolaimed as bo endeavoured to uulio himself. "Won't someone looso mo ?" Nobody did, oil being too tirod from laughter to help ; so'ho spun himself round, nttd the bolus, unwinding, dealt out hard kuooks to the helpless crowd. "It's as I towld you," ho said, "I'm good at this, and what a lovely weapon t'would provo innfoight." Skipping away from the orowd be dropped into a cane oliair beside mo aud offered mo a cigar, as though ho had known me all his lifo. " Tho lazy beggars," ho said, " they wanted ttirriug up, aud I did it for thom illigantly, I'm Captain I'aeus of the " Oirish Blower," and am delighted to make the acquaintance of n fellow- corrcspondcut. You needn't intbroduce your self. I know who you are. I just inquired of the barman, and by the same token I'm ilhry," Ho whistled to a waiter uud called for two whiskey squashes. Captain Fugur. was a good-looking fellow, with a smooth face, flexible mouth, and a pair of bright, merry, roving black eyes. I felt at home with him at onco. " I heard yo were hero mooning away like a sick dog — excuse the simile — and I straightway came along, for companionship's a moighty foino pick-me-up. Hoigbo i It's mcsclf that's iu need of brightening." . He did not look it. In fact ho winked at a pretty coolie girl who went by with a dish of pine-apples. I remarked that he seemed oheerfui euough, >- " Appearances are deceptive. What ud ye think if I towld ycz I was in lave ?" .He looked at mo seriously. " Ay, that's tho truth. It's love that's killing me, with all it's distressful circumstances. But how was it with you iu the war ? Business first an' pleasure after." We fell into a talk about tho advance of Uluudi, and ho let mu iuto some'stcrots of the making of reputations. "I was with tho crawling column on the coast, but, lad luck to it, the (livil a chance had I to distinguish myself ; but I tell you I made the best of my opportunities." " How was tbat ?" " D'ye see, it was this wuy. I wrote scrappy Enrographa for tho Service papors, and always ouud the editor iu return to say something civil about mysolf. Something like this : '',Ve are glad to hour from Captain Fngus, that smart corrcspoudcut, that the men in Zululand are in good health und spirits.' Or this : ' Wo hear from Captain Vagus, that excellent war corres pondent, etc.' I would also write letters to tho ' Times,' with my full signature and descrip tion." " And how did that help " How, Indeed ? Excuse me, but you are young. Why, people would say : ' Who, in thuuuer, is Captain Vagus ?' and, maybe, some clever knowall would reply : 'Oh ! dontcherknow he's the famous correspondent for tho ' Oirlsli Blower.' Qot yourself talked about, me bhoy, end your fame is made, and if no one else will \- do that service for you, do it yourself—often." " That's simple, isn't it ?" "Maybe. But it requires judgment, tact, and tho help ov an incident now and again. There me luck deserted me. What I wanted was an . opportunity to win the V.C. ; just one — and believe mu, no ono gave mo the ghost of a chance. At Gingiuhlove I was burning to make a bould sortie from tho laager and rescue semo wounded soldiers, but hang mo for n Faynian If one ud expose himself. No, sir— aud that's iho truth." So ho rattled ou until ho exhausted the war ind got down to tho record of towu life, when he returned to his love affair, . " I'm in love ; and it's deuced awkward that the complaint should come on me when I'm about leaving for tho ould couuthry. I'm just bursting to confide in somo one. I'll tell you tU — I will so. I met her at tho table d'hote at tho inn down the street. Dark eyes,blaok hair, and ruby Hps— the sweetest girl ou earth. I surrendered at discretion— horse, foot, and artillery !" " But she docs not reciprocate ?" > " Think she does." :.l < Thou why these tears." ' "I'll tell ye, if ye'll give me a chance to get a word in. Ye see — though I say it meself— mo family in Oircland is tho first in the lend, with mora pride than aores. The question is, ' Can 1 take her to my ancestral home ?' Toll me that . now." "I'm not competent to judge, not having seen the lady and your ancestral homo," " True for you ; but that's easy remedied. You know mo. I represent mo family. Come and dine with me and you'll know her." I wont off reudily,bourtily enjoying tho situa tion, and ho, delighted to find n listouer, fairly bubbled oyer with jovial confidences. Tho long table in the comfortabio inn was crowded with a miscellaneous company — stolid Dutch farmers, cute speculators, army contrac tors, and two ladies. Tho Captain sat opposite the latter, and kept up a running fire of florid compliments, dirsotcd at thp'youngor lady, who had a certain bold beauty. Aftor dinner we smoked at our esse under a trailing vine. "Now, you cewld-bloodcd Saxon, say quickly what you think of her or I'll strangle you." "She is a very obarming girl, if I mcy say so." " Thanks. I know you'd agree with mo. But eay now, didn't you remark she was a thriile wualciu her grammar ? Clips her g's, you ' understand, and doesn't do her duty by tho aspirates." Those arotrifliug blemishes from a pretty . mouth." " Tlioy would never bo overlooked at my an cestral homo," he replied gloomily. " Now I'll tell you my plan. I'vo drawn upan ultimatum." " A what ?" , " An ultimatum." He draw a sheet of foolscap from an oiHoial envelope with a most sorious air. , " " Now you listen to this. I flatter myself it's -»s»t " Dear Sir— (that's her father)— Dear Sin; '' Is you are doubtless aware, I; anv ardently in Sve with your charming daughter, and it is the ,-. risk of my hoarUkatshe should become niywifu. Hy family is the oldest aud. the proudest in -Ireland, and my wife must have no defects. My ' ' lovo for your daughter does not blind me to the fact that her education has not Icon without Its defeats— defects which are iuoxenssble iu this . young lady. Sho has a tendency to drop her -I . L's from ono end and her g's from the other. My family coutd forgive anything bat: that. Now, my dear sir, I would respectfully but urgently propose tbst your daughter should be -plaoed atonoo in au establishment forvouhg Indies, where she would be porfootcd In tho elegant uao of her mother tongue, und fitted tor Iho high honour of a union with my family. — Bollovo mo to be, &o.;, ito." "You surely do not intond to send that extra ordinary document to her fatbor " That's my intention. ' It's only duo to mo family." "Well, then, send it in, aud proparo to leave' the country in s hurry." "D'ye think he'll take offonoe ? But think of the honour of an alliance with tho ouldest family in Oireland. I'll chance it, anyhow." ' I left soon after for Jfaritzb.urg, aud returning at thn cud of a week, I found the (.-pliant Captain seated on a log, tbe iutcrectod spectator of a duel botweon Indian gamccooks, both armod with murderous blades. Their shackles stood out llko enormous ruifics, tho long tail feathers drooped, and the gleaming eyas flashed liku Are under the fierce exoitemeut of the buttle. They met together in mid-air, there was a seatternig of feathers, a tierce thrust home, and one of the gallant little birds was stretched out or, his book. His owner, sn excited eoolio, picked him up, thrust a finger into the gaping wound, stitched the ends togethor, and placed the bird aside, whoro it staggored to its foot, weak but valiant. "Here yo sco thocpitamoof war," said Vagus. " These birds have no real cause for enmity, thoy have no feathered harems to defend, or stores of golden grain, yotat command they ruah tobattlo. Upon mo word when yo seethe tragedy of glorious war played oat in a cockpit it makes you wcop." His merriment of a few days back had given way to a fit of moralising. " How was it with the ultimatum ?" I asked " Och, bad luck to it !" " It did not answer, then ?" "It did not. Thu othor contracting Power did not receive it iu a proper spirit." " Tho father declared war ' I told you so." " Did you, thcu ? I would not have creditod you with so muoh seuso. Ho declared war to the knife. Turned out his light cavalry from the kennels, called out his infantry in tha person of a ferocious Zulu stable-boy, and came out him- solf with a fearful implement— thoy call it a sjambok. I executed): masterly retreat, leaving u portion of my rearguard in tho moutb of tho cavalry." "I can't say I'm sorry for yon. Young ladies are not to ho won by ultimatums." " And ma a member of one of tho ouidest families in Oireland," ho exclaimed tragically. " Oh, uow, tbat father was unreasonable. II o said he wanted 110 one to offer him impertinent advice about his daughter's education, and ho bad the blessed impudence to curse me mid my ancestral home. 'Twos then the war broke out, and my partiality for bananas and ripo lips received a eruul blow. See that pool of foul water on tho fiat ? Well," I went straight oil there to drown mesolf and mo sorrows ; but there was a prior olaiuihnt iu the shape of a poor divil of a bloatod dog, and so I thought hotter of it and drowned the ultimatum instead." Tub Ehd.1 