THE NOVELIST. | TIG MANXMAN.* Br ItALjL CAINE. PART II-B.QX AND GIRL. ". CHAFTBB VI.' ATJNTIE NAN. Auntie Nan -hart grown nneasy because Philip wcb not ret Matted in. life. Daring thespell of his partnership with Pete (She bad protested and he had coaxed, she bad scolded and-he had laughed.. But when Pete «H gone she remembered her old devioe, and began to play on Philip through, the memoryof his father. . : Oneday the air was full of the fcea fresh ness of abeautifalManx November. Philip sniffed it froto. the porch after breakfast and then gathered up bis tackle for cod. "TL'he - boat ag&iii;, Philip?" said Auntie Nan. ."Jhen promise me to, be back for tea." * Philip, gave. Jiis promise and. kept it. When he returned after his day's fishing the jdid jady was waiting for him in 'the little fcjne-rooot which she called her pwfi. The' aweetplaoe w«s more than usually dainty and pomtprt&ble; that day. A brightfire .was hurn ing,: find; «*etything Beemed to he arranged ep carefaUy ahd.m&ttily.; The table was laid with* pops and saucers, the kettle, was sinking pnthejockeybar, wid Auntie Jtfan herself, in j&capof; black lace and a dress of russet silk with flounces, was fluttering about with an odour of lavender and the light gaiety of a bird. " Why, what's the meanirlg of this ?" said Philip. . And the sweet old thing answered, half nervously, half.jojkingly, '' You don't know ? Wiat a child it is, tib be sore! So you don't remember wh^t day it is? " "What day? The fifth of Nov-oh, my birthday I I-had clew forgotten it, Auntie." " Yes", and yon are one-and-twenty for tea time. That's why I asked you to be home." She poured out the tea, settled herself with her feet on the fender, allowed the cat to establish itself on her train, and then, with a nervous smile ahd's slight depression of the' heart, she began on her task. "How the years roll on, Philip 1 It's twenty years since I gave you my first birth day present. I wasn't here when you were born, dear. Grandfather had forbidden me. Poor grandfather! But bow I longed to come and wash, and dress, and nurse my boy's boy, and call myself an auntie aloud 1 Oh, dear me, the day I first saw you ! Shall I ever forget it? Grandfather and I were at' Cowley, the draper's, when a beautiful young person stepped in with a baby. A little too ] gay, poor thing, and that was how I knew j her." ' " My mother? " "Yes, dear, and grandfather was standing with his back to the street I grow hot to this day when I remember, but she didn't seem afraid; She nodded and smiled and lifted the muslin veil from the baby's face, ! and said * Who's he like, Miss Christian?'! It was wonderful. You were asleep, and it I was the same for all the world as if your; father bad slept back to be a baby. I was j trembling lit to drop and couldn't answer, and then your mother saw grandfather, and j before I could stop her she had touched him ' on the shoulder. He stood with his bad ear towards us, and bis 6igiit was failing, too, but seeing the form of a lady beside him, he swept round, and bowed low, and smiled and raised his hat, as his way was with all wo men. Then your mother held the baby up and said quite gaily, 'Is it one of the Ballures be is, Dempster, or one of the Ballaw.haines ?' Dear heart, when I think of it! Grandfather straightened himself up, turned about, and was out on the street in an instant." " Poor father," said Philip. Auntie Nan's eyes brightened. " But I was going to tell you of your first birthday, dearest. . Grandfather had gone Uien-poor grandfather-and I had knitted yon a little soft cap of white wool, with a tassel and a pink liow. Your mother's father was living still-Capt'n Billy, as they called him-ana when I put the cap on your little head, he cried out, *A sailor every inch of him!' And sure enough, though I had j never thought it, a sailor's cap it was. And' Capt'n Billy pot you on bis knee, and looked at yon sideways.and slapped his knee, and blew a cloud of smoke from his long pipe and cried again,' This boy is for a sailor, I'm telling you. You fell asleep in the old man's arms, and I carried you to your cot npstairs. j Yoar father followed me into the bedroom,1 and your mother was there already dusting the big shells on1 the mantel-piece. Poor Tom ! I see him yet He dropped his long white hand over the cot-rail, pushed back the little cap ahd the yellow curls from yonr forehead, and Baid proudly, *Ah, no, this head wasn't meant for a sailor!' He meant no harm, but^-oh, dear, oh, dear.1-your mother heard him apd thought he was be? lifting her and here. * These qualities!' she cried, and slashed the duster and flounced out of the room, and one of the shells fell with a clank into tbe tender. Your father turned his face to the window. I could have cried for shame that he should be ashamed before me. But looking out on the sea-tbe hay was very loud that day, 1 remember-he ssid In his aeep voice, that was like a mellow bell, and trembled ratherly,' It's not for no thing, Nannie, that the child has the fore head of Napoleon. Only let God spare him and he'll be something some day, when his father, with his broken heart and his broken brain, is dead and gone, and the daisies cover him.*** ' _ . Auntie Nan carried her point. That night Philip laid up bis boat for the winter, and next morning he set bis face towardB BaUkwhaiae/with the object of enlisting Uncle Peter's helpin starting upon the pro fession of tbe Jaw. Auntie Nan went with biro. Shehadnrged'himtothestepby the two fold plea that the Ballawhaine was his only mule relative of mature yes rs and that he bad lately sent his own sou Koss to study for the bar in England. ? They were obth nervous and uncertain on the way down; Auntie Nan talked inces santly bom under her poke bonnet, thinking to keep up Philip's courage. But when they . Tbe right of puMlahing this wo* has been pur <kiNib;thi ptopttobon of Tk» AutfraUttum. came to the big pate and looked op at the! turrets through the trees, her memory went back with deep tenderness to the days when the house had been her home^ and she began to err in Bilence. Philip himself wan not unmoved. This had been the birthplace | and birthright of his father. The- English waiter, in bnff and scarlet, ushered them into the drawing-room with the formality proper to strangers. To their surprise they found Ross there. He was Bitting at the piano, strumming a music-hall ditty. As the door opened he shuffled to his feet, shook hands distantly with Auntie Nan, and nodded his head to Philip. The young man was by this time a sap ling well fed from the old tree. Taller' than his father by. many inches, broader, heavier and larger in -all ways, with the slow eyes of a seal and something of a seal's faoe as well. Bat with his father's sprawling legs and his father's levity and Irony ot manner and of voice-a Manxman disguised out of all re cognition of race, and aping the fashionable follies of the hourln London. Anntie Nan Settled her umbrella, smoothed her gloves and her white front hair, and in quired Tneekly if he Wabwell. "Not Very fit," he drawled'; " shouldn't be here if I were. But hither worried my life out until I came back to recruit." " Perhaps," said Auntie'Nan, looking simple and sympathetic, " perhaps you've been longing for home. It must be a great trial to a young man to live in London for the first time. That's where a young woman has the advantage-ahe needn't leave home, at all events.. ? Then your lodgings, perhaps | thev are not in thebestpart either." ' I used to be in' chambers in an Inn of | Court Auntie Nan looked concerned. " I don't think I should like Philip to live long at an inn," Ahe said. "But now I'm in rooms in the Hay market.'V Aunty Nan looked relieved. " That must be better," she said. " Noisy I in the mornings, perhaps, but your evenings J will be Quiet for study, I should think." " Precisely," said Ross, with a snigger, touching the pian.o again, and Philip, sitting near the door, felt the palm of Jiis hand itch for the whole breadth of his cousin's cheek. Uncle Peter came in hurriedly, with short, nervoo8 steps. His hair as /well as his eye brows was now white, his eye was hollow,, his cheeks were thin, his moutn was restless,i and he had lost some of his upper teeth ; he j coughed Jrequently, he was shabbily dressed, and had the look of a dying man. "Ah, it's, you, Anne! and Philip, too. Good morning, Philip. Give the piano a rest, Ross-that's a good lad. Well, Miaa Chris tian, well?" I " Phi lip pame.of age yesterday, Peter," said Aunty Nan, in a timid voice. ] "Indeed!" said the Ballawhaine; "then Ross is twenty next month. A little more than ayear and a month between them." He scrutinised the old lady's face for a moment without speaking, and then said, *' Well i" " He would like to go to London to study for the bar," laitered Aunty Nan. " Why not the church at home?" "The church would have been my own choice, Peter, but his father " The Ballawhaine crossed his leg over his knee. " His father was always a man of a high stomach, ma'am,", he said. Then facing towards Philip, " Your idea would be to return to the island ?' " Yes," said Philip. " Practise as an advocate, and push your way to insular preferment ?" " My father seeuud to wish it, sir," said Philip. The Ballawhaine turned back to Aunty Nam " Well, Miss Christian ?" Aunty Nan fumbled with the handle of her umbrella and began, " We were thinking, Peter-you see we know so little-now if his father had been living " The Balla wliaiuecoughed, scratched with his nail on h s cheek, and said " You wish me to put him with a barrister in chambers, is that it ?'' With a nervous smile and a little laugh ot relief, Auntv Nan signified assent. ' Yoo ore aware that a st p like that costs money. How much have you got to spend on it?' "I'm afraid, Peter " " You thought 1 might Gnd the expenses, eh?" " It's so good of you to 3ee it in the right way, Peter." The . Ballawhaine mode a wry face. "Listen," he said dryly. "Ross has just gone up to study for the English bar." "Yes," said Aunty Nau eagerly, "and it was partly that " " Indeed?" said the Ballawhaine, raising his eyebrows. " I calculate that his course in Lundou will cost me, one tiling with another, more than a thousand pounds." Auntie Nan lifted her gloved hands in amazement. " That sum I am prepared to spend in order that my sou, as au English barrister, may have a better chance " "Doyou know we were thinking of that ourselves, Peter ?"said Auntie Nan. " A better chance," the Ballawhaine con tinued, " of the few places open in the island than if he were brought up at the Manx bar only, which would cost me less than half as much." "Oh! but the money will comeback to you, both tor Ross and Philip," said Auntie Nan, The Ballawhaine coughed impatiently. You dou't read .me," he said irritably. " These places arefew, and Manx advocates areas thick as flies in a glue-pot. For every offiee there must be fifty applicants, but train ing counts for something, and influence, for something, and family for something.". Aunty Nun began to be penetrated as by a chill. ' These," said the Ballawhaine, " I bring to bear for Roes, that he may distance all com petitors. Do you read me now ?' " Read you, Peter ?" said Auntie Nan, The Ballawhaine lixed his hollow eye upon her, and said, " What do you ask me to do ? You ooroe here and ask roe to provide, pre pare, and equip a rival to my own son." Aunty Nan had grasped his meaning at last. ' But gracious me, Peter," she said," Philip is your own nephew, your own brother's son." . . i The Ballawhaine rubbed the side of his i nose with his lean forefinger, and said. Near is uiy shirt, but nearer is my skin." Auntie Nan iixed her tju»id eyes upon him, and they grew brave in their gathering' indig nation. " His father is dead, aud he is poor and friendless," she said. "We've had differences on that subject before, mistress," he answered. " And yet you begrudge him the little that would start him in life ?' " My own has earlier claim, .ma'am. " Saving your presence, sir, let me tell you that every penny of the money you are spending on Ross would have been ^Philip's this day if things had gone different" The Ballawhaine bit his lip. " Must 1, tor my sins, be compelled to put an end to this interview?" He rose to go to the door. Philip rose also. "Do you mean it?" said Anntie Nan. " Would yon dare to turn me oat of the house V ' "Come, Auntie; what's the nse" said Philip. The Ballawhaine was dramming, on the edge of the open door. "You are tight* yonngman," he said. "A woman's hysteria ia of wo use.T "That mil do, sir," said Philip, in a firm voice. The Ballawhaine pot his hand familiarly on Philip's shoulder. " Try Bishop Wilson's theological oollege, my friend; it's cheap and " I "Take your hand from him, Peter Christian," cried Anntie Nan. Her eyes flashed, her cheeks were aflame, her little gloved hands were clenched. " Yon made war between his father and your father, and when i would have made peace yon pre vented. Your father is dead and your brother is dead, and both died in hate that might have died in love, only for the lies yon told and the deceit you practised. But they have gone where the mask falls from all faces, and they have met before this, eye to eye and hand to hand. Yes, and they are looking down on you now, Peter Christian, and they know you at last for what you are and always have been-a deceiver and a thief." By an involuntary impulse the Ballawhaine turned his eyes upward to the ceiling while she spoke, as if ne had expected to see the ghosts of his father and his brother threaten* in^ him. "1b the woman mad at all?" he cried; and the timid old lady, lifted out of herself l.iy the ilame of her anger, blazed at him again with a tongue of lire. " You have done wrong. Peter Christian, much wrong; you've done wrong all jour days, and whatever your motive, God will find it out, and on that secret place He will bring your punishment. If it was only greed, you've got your wages ; but no good will they bring to you, for another will spend them, and you will see them wasted like water from the ragged rock. And if it was hate as well, you will live till it comes back on your own head like burning coal. I know it, I feel," she cried, sweeping into the hall, " and sorry I am to say it before your own son, who ought to honour and respect his father, but can't; no he can't, and never will, or else he has a heart to match your own in wickedness, and no bowels of oom passion at him either." " Come, Auntie, come," said Philip, put ting his arm about the old lady's waist. But she swerved round again to where the Ballawhaine catneslinking behind him. " Turn me out of the house, will you ?" she cried. "The place where I lived fifteen years, and as mistress, too, until your evil deeds made you master, Many a good cry I've had that ifs only a woman I am, and can do nothing on my own head. But I would rather be a woman that hasn't a roof to cover her than a man that can't warm to hisown flesh and blood. Don't think I be grudge you your house, Peter Christian, though it was my old home, and I love it, for all I'm shown no respect in it. I would haw you to know, sir, that it isn't our houses we live in. after all, but our hearts-our hearts, Peter Christian, do you hear me ?-our hearts, and yours in full of darkness and dirt-and always will bo, always will be." _ "Come, come, Auntie, come," cried Philip again, and the sweet old thing, too gentle to hurt a fly, turned on him also with the fury of a wild cat. " Go along yoursel f, with your ' come' and ' come' and ' come.' Say less and do more." With that final outburst she swept down the steps and along the path, leaving Philip three paces behind, and the Ballawhaine with a terrified look under the stuffed cormo rant in the fanlight above the open door. The fiery mood lasted her half way home, and then broke down in a torrent of tears. "Oh dear! oh dear!" she cried. "I've been too hasty. After all, he is your only relative. What shall I do now ? Oh, what eliall I do now * " Philip was walking steadily half a step be hind, and he had never once spoken since they left Ballawhaine. " Pack my bag to-night, Auntie," said he with the voice of a man, " I shall start for Douglas by the coach to-morrow morning." He sought out the beBt known of the Manx advocates, and said to him, " lVe sixty pounds a year, sir, from my mother's father, and my aunt has enough of her own to live on. Can I afford to pay your premium *" The lawyer looked at him attentively for a moment, and answered, " No, you can't," and Philip's face began to fall. " But I'll take you three years for nothing, Mr. Chris'ian," the wise man added, "and if you 6uit me, I'll give you wages after two." 