SUNDA Y CLOSING AND THE CATHO LIC CHURCH ID GALSGOW. TO THE EDITOR. I am, &c;, AULD SCOTTIE. Sir—The following paragraph appeared in the Glasgow Weekly Herald of April 28. The Rev. Joseph Nicholson, the local high priest of the prohibition fad. and others of his kidney may cot be pleased to learn of these "fruits of restriction, ** otherwise Sunday olpgintr of pttbltc-hoasM in 'he great, and vmnmably good, Soottish commercial metro polis. But, as Barns wrote, F*c> ?r* cb?l> tb?t K-inoa dlop. Ana asaroa be ditpoiea. This is the other side of the picture on tbe "euooess of prohibition'' as printed in The AdvcriiMtr of tbe 7th iost over Mr. Kicholson's name. Tbe JStmld paragraph may uot oonvinoe bigots of tbe types of Mr. Nioboban and Sir. leitt, but it may serve as a sign-post to warn cooler beads that there are snakes in the pro hibition grata, and as the Kuumton Govern ment hat decided to introduce legislation of tbe local option caste, or what the late eminent <3t?ts judge. Lord Keaver, called "a Bill to permit me to prevent you from having a glass uf beer," it is as well to know what are tbe sequela ot undue interference with one of tbe oldest, and. properly utilised, most useful trades or industries in tbe world. Tbe uninitiated may not not be aware that fihebn-ns are simply sly grog-fchops, and flourish most during the " close time" of xbe legalised public-house, but especially so on Sundays, the "liquors" vended being often tbe vilest of the vile oonooctioos, and of tbe nature of a torchlight procession going down tbe throat Here is the Jlcrold paragraph, which ot itself is quite forcible, enough, particularly so to the folks who visit Adelaide and see many queer sights never teen by very old residents:— ** There baa been a miseiun or revival going on during tbe past three weeks in all tbe Catholic churches of die city. Various fathers from different parts of the country are conducting tbe ser vices, and as a rule tbe churches have been crowded to overflowing. St. Vincent's, in l>ukt-*treet, Glasgow, where the mission ser vices have been conducted by tbe Revs. Father Graham and Shea, of the Kedemptorist Order, proved no exception to this rule, but the fathers found out that their good work was bring hampered by the ehebeeners of tbe dis trict, who still continued their unholy traffic, and prevented (especially on Sundays) their co-religionists from'attending; tbe services of tbe mission. From tbe titM week of the mission tbe fathers vigorously denounced tbe illicit liquor traffic, with the mult that a great maof gave op the boniaees ; bat still a number held on, declaring that 'they must live.' This the clergymen w«re quite willing to allow, so long as they lived by nonest work and * not by trafficking in tbe souls of their neighbor?,' as one of tbe ptetohers put it. Matters rapidly owne to a crisis, and on Thursday week Father Shea announced 'that as the shebeesers bad defied God and His Church they wouldnoweeewhatGod could do.' On Friday Sight a large congregation assem bled, and it could easily be seen that they labored under great excitement. Father Graham took bis place on the altar, at bis right band being tbe mission cross. Taking for his text —'Woe to tbe man by whom scandal is given,' tbe rev. gentleman gave a brilliant discourse explaining thefcin of scandal. Coming to the ehebeenere, be declared that tbe shebeens were swarming like a swarm of devils near the church, and bis a-oios could perhaps be beard in Borne of them even from .the altar steps. ' What I cay to the chebeenem I tsj- to tbosa who frequent them. Now there is nothing for me to do but to burl the curse of the church upon them.' As tbe rev, gentleman uttered these words there ma a buzz of excitement amongst the congregation, many of the women being in tears, whilst on* fainted. Meanwhile, Father Shea appeared from one of the side vestries with black drapery, a black stole and white surplice over his arm. He handed the black stole to Father Graham, who invested himself with it amidst a profound silence. Whilst Father Graham was investing him?el£ with tbe stole. Father Sbea proceeded to drape tbe crucifix; whilst Father Graham, taking from bis neck the cross worn by his order, proceeded to enree the shebeens and those who brought drink either in or out of them in the name of God tbe Father, who created them; in tbe Bame of God the Son, who re deemed tbem; in the name of the Holy Ghost, who sanctified them. Every drop of drink sold or bought was likewise cursed, every step taken by the tshebeener when he went to bny the drink, or when he carried it out, was cursed, as was likewise every drop drunk in tbe bouse. The watcher whose duty it IB to 'spot' the police wan also included in the curse, as was the customer of the ehebeener. At tbe end of each pause tbe congregation answered by a fervent amen. The rev. gentle-1 out, who seemed to be in a state of er&at; excitement, then divested himself of bis stole. The drapery of the cross was removed, and the ordinary cervices were resumed. Speaking on the scene enacted the rev. father stated that be bad been 25 years a miseioner, bat this was the first and only time that he bad to perform such a ceremony. He bad a list of the ehe beenerl, bat be weald not pollute his mouth, with the names of those agents of the devil. The services concluded with the benediction." 