[?] My friend, Dr. Lansett, was by common consent pronounced to be a " very queer fellow." Clever he un doubtedly was, and a perfect master of lus profession ; but he delighted in hazardous experiments and seemingly, impossible operations, and though he bad more ' than once saved a life which some less daring . sur geon had given up, yet in all such cases he appeared': to derive far more pleasure from the amazement and chagrin of his unsuccessful rivals than from the service done to the patient, or the high fee with which the latter repaid it. But while in one way the doctor seemed to light up dry medical facts with a wonderful play of fancy, in another he was the most unimagina tive man alive. He cared nothing for the supposed influence of mind and soul upon matter, and, indeed, was popularly held to havo 110 belief in the existence of tho soul at all. To him a body, living or dead, was merely a body and nothing more. "Don't tell me about impulses or emotions," he used to say ; " every- l thing is simply a question of good or ' bad health. It was the restlessness of incipient cancer that made Napoleon set Europe in a blaze. It was dyspepsia that- sent Charles V. into war after war. Pope libelled all his friends not from natural depravity, but from curvature . of the spine. If Adam had taken a pill or two when he first thought of eating the forbidden fruit he would have been in Paradise still. The ' origin of evil,' about which people make such a fuss, is merely a derangement of the system. Sin, properly considered, is an un healthy action of the vital forces, and its cure is— medicine." 'With all his queer ways, however, Lansett was one .qf the bravest men whom I have ever known. He was crodibly reported to have captured a burglar single-handed, and then (so the story went), having gagged and bound the man securely, he was coolly pro ceeding to vivisect him, when the in trusion of the police prevented, to his great chagrin, the completion of this interesting experiment. Nor was the doctor, like many brave men, more accessible to supernatural terrors than to those of earth. In his student days he -had rifled more graves of promising " subjects " than any other pupil in the hospital, and he often said that if the ghosts of those whose rest ho had broken had a mind to come and haunt him, they were, quite welcome to do so as soon and as long as they liked. "Take care bhat they don't take you at your word somo fine day, Ned," said his friend and classmate, Professor Dryasdust, who was slaying with him at the time. "You x'emember how poor Dr. John Hunter, when lie was delirious from overwork, used to be haunted by the apparition of a man whom he -had dissected, who came walking up to his bedside every night, with his side gaping like the mouth of a letter-box, and, pointing to tho gap, said fiercely, ' Give me my liver !'" " Pooh i" cried the undaunted doctor, " seeing's believing, and I won't believe that sort of thing until I do see it. If there are such things as ghosts they'll have a fine ohanoe at me to-night, for I'm going to dissect the body of a man from one of the hos pitals, who had a very singular disease of the left arm, which kept it bent back like a bow for several years, the finger tips actually touching the shoulder. I mean to find out exactly what was the matter with that arm of his, and even if he should come to life again, and spring up to prevent me, I'd do it all the same 1" Three or four hours later these de fiant words came bacli rather unplea santly to Dr. Lansett's mind as he sat alone in the grim old laboratory that had witnessed so many horrors, bend ing over the deformed and ghastly body of his new " subject." ' In truth, on such a night as that, the dullest and least fanciful man alive might have been pardoned for feeling' norvously excited. It was one of those black, stormy nights of early spring, which poets, seated snugly by a good fire after dinner, love to describe in neat and well-paid verses, but which seauien and lonely travellers dread and abhor. No gleam of moon or star broke the inky blackness of the midnight sky. Great gusts of rain dashed against the rattling casements, and doors and windows shook and clattered as the wild blasts went shrieking by. Then came a sudden lull, more ghostly than all the hideous uproar, and in that dead, unnatural silonce the heavy dripping of the rain from the roof upon the pavement below sounded like the falling of great drops of blood. Dr. Lansett began to feel very un comfortable. Por the first time in his life he found it impossible to concen trate his whole attention upon his work. His thoughts wandered in spite of himself, and his eyes strayed nervously to all parts of tho gloomy old chamber. Strange and terrible fancies, such as ho hod never known before, began to boset him, Shadowy faces seemed to look forth from tho grim old books on tho shelves. The skeleton in its tall glass case in tho far corner appeared to grin at him in mockery. The long, straggling shadows that flickered across tho wall looked like black, bony hands out stretched to seize him, aDd more than once ho found himself casting a nervous glance over his shoulder in the belief that someone or something was standing just behind him. And now there camo rushing upon his mind, with haunting power, the memory of his rash challenge to the dead man whose limbs he was mangling, to rise up and prevent the desecration if ho could. At tho time he uttered it the bare idea of such a thing seemed the wildest folly ; but now, in the silence and loneliness of midnight, with tho storm raging out side and the profaned corpso lying white and rigid before him in the spectral lamplight it appeared awfully real and possible. " Pooh !" cried the doctor aloud, try ing to keep up his failing courage by affecting a bpldness which he was very far from feeling, "it's something new for me to turn fanciful liko this. I suppose that I shall imagine next that I see this fellow move." . Ha I did he suddenly: feel the life less figure stir beneath his hand ? Did that drooping eyelid move, that rigid limb quiver, that clinched hand slowly open ? Good heaven ! .could such things be, after all 1 " It's (all nonsense," quavered the operator, beginning to cut away more vigorously than ever in sheer despera tion. " The man's dead— he'll never move again !" Hardly were the words uttered when the dead man sprang half-erect and dealt the doctor a blow that knocked him backward off his chair as if felled with a butcher's axe. His fall overturned the lamp — there was a tremendous crash, a piercing, cry, and then all was dark and silent. Meanwhile, Professor Dryasdust (whose bedroom was just over the laboratory) had been amusing himself with a scientific treatise as' dry and tough as a boarding-house fowl, arid was just laying it aside to prepare for bed when he was startled by the crash and shriek from the room below, and flew downstairs, candle in hand, to see what was the matter. Bursting into the laboratory he found Dr. Lan sett lying senseless on the floor) while beside him lay the corpse, with its arm outstretched as if trying to clutch him by the throat. Por an instant the worthy professor was as much shocked and amazed as it was in his cold, matter- of-fact nature to be. But the next moment a curious smile flickered across his marble face as he bent over the "subject;" and then, pushing it aside, set about re storing his friend to consciousness. "Takeaway that thing out of my sight, for heaven's sake !" gasped the doctor, as his half-opened eyes rested on the body. "I'll never dissect a man again !" And then, in tones faint and tremu lous with horror, he told his fearful adventure. Well, my dear fellow," said Dryas dust, when lie had- heard the'story to an end, " I dare say I should have been just as badly scared myself if I had been in your place ; but, for all that, I can assure you that there was no ghost in the case. You simply cut the ligament that had held the man's arm in its unnatural , posi tion, and then, of course, the arm flew back liko a broken spring and knocked you down." But Dr. Lknsett seemed very- little comforted by this explanation, scien tific though it 'was. " I daresay you are right," said he, faintly ; " but, be that as it may; I'll never dissect another man as long as I live." And the doctor kept his word. 