! : A NIGHT OF HORROR. j Tbe ehldowe of even; W6f6 d . dalk! in the fit bl£ h fi, 8 ; o{ Man's Kloof, of D tai Man's Kloof. High above, these elopes culminated in rugged, overhanging cliffs of red ironstone, which, in the still, uncertain twilight, assumed a brooding, lurid hue as of blood. At the head of the ravine the abrupt broken face of the mountain rose in a grim barrier. This indescribably gloomy and desolate ravine was a eul-de-sac. It branched laterally out of a long wind ing poort, or dt-filo, hardly IPSS wild or forbidding. Through this ran a very rough and seldom frequented waggon road. From one point on this road the roof of the old house was just visible—standing back in the kloof some seven or eight hundred yards. Those who thus sighted it seldom cared to push their investigations further. On the contrary, they were apt to quicken their pace and widen tha distance between themselves and the redoubted object with allpossible despatch. Among those knownso to act were numbered—softly be it whispered—strong men of tried courage, whose cool bravery in tbe hour of peril, and when confronted with overwhelming odds, was a household word even beyond their own immediate circles. Yet, what on earth was there that was. terrifying in so common-place an object as an old thatched roof? The house was of brick and plaster, and nad at most consisted of three rooms. It was just such a house as might be found upon the rougher kind of Baer stock-farms w™ V U S° U £ ding . districfc > traces of old sheep- kraals behind it, now broken 4pwp and tfefekly overgrown with j coarse and tangled herbage. About half ! the structure had fallen in, but the rest still defied the ravages of time and decay. It stood in a narrow, open space in the dense bush, the very picture of forlorn desolation —tbe worm-eaten shutters closed, the door gaping wide open. No smoke arose from its chimney, no human voice woke its echoes ; alone it stood in its deathly solitude. The wild dog and the jackal bayed to the midnight moon beneath its very walls, and the loud sonorous bark of the sentinel baboon reverberated in hoarse grumble among the glooming krantzes. Those dwelling in the neighborhood— the nearest a matter of twelve miles or so distant—could not remember a time when the house in Dead Man's Kloof was in habited. The mere circumstance of its being thus abandoned to decay add desolation was sufficient in itself to cast an uncanny halo about the place. But, in point of fact, there was more. There were hints of an awful bloodcurse overhanging it— traditions of a terrible tragedy whereby the locality had gain'd its ill- omened name. But these traditions were very old—old enough for the occurrence in which they had taken their lise to be outside the memory of the oldest dweller in the neigbborhood. The last inhabitant of the place, in a fit of delirium tremens or jealousy— report wavered as to which—had blown away the head of his young bride with his firelock, and then turning the weapon against himself bad taken his own life. Tradition added that the woman was Btrikingly beautiful. Of late, owing to the efforts of the new road inspector, an athletic and proportionately sceptical young Englishman, attempts had been made to accommodate the ruin to the use of the road parties engaged from time to time in repairing the waggon track to which we have alluded as running through the adjacent poort. But the natives composing these gangs, even though strangers hailing from- a distance, soon got an inkling of the evil odour in which the place was held, and flatly refused with one consent to pass another night in it pr any where near it, so the attempts were discontinued. Indeed, an occurrence which befel on the very last occasion of the place being so used was sufficient to settle the matter once and for all. The men, mostly Hottontots and halfcastes, had bien spending the evening in jollification after their wont, joking, concertina playing, and singing. Rations were on a liberal scale, and having thoroughly enjoyed themselves they lay down to sleep. Towards the small hours the whole gang was awakened by a series of the moat frightful shrieks ever emitted from human throat. One of their number was in wild convulsions, while another lay so petrified with terror that he was perfectly speechless. Fortunately there were bold spirits among them, who succeeded in a measure in allaying the panic-stricken tumult that ensued ; and, after a while, the faculties of the least frightened of the pair being partially restored, this man solemnly stated that while lying accidentally awake he had been startled by seeing a figure approach the open door. The moon was shining brightly, and he made out the figure to be that of a woman— a white woman, tor, judging by the attire. He lay in a cold sweat of fear, powerless to move, watching it as it glided nearer and nearer. Within a couple of yards of the door it halted, the moon full upon it, and God help him, he spoke every word of the tratb—he saw standing there a thing without a head—only a pair of red and bleeding j iws above the headless trunk, champing at him in the moonlight. This was enough. With wild yells of terror, the wholi^abg streamed forth into the night, the only idea present in the mind of each frerzied, panicstricken wretch being to flee froni the neighborhood of tbe accursed dwelling as fast as his legs could carry him. In the morning the exasperated road-inspector found his labourers scattered to the four winds of heaven, and an investigation of their quarters of the night before disclosed the presence of no one but a mouthing, gibbeting idiot, on whom the light of reason was destined never again to dawn. Not until afterwards did the circumstances become fully known. * * * # Up the rueged and lonely road which wound through the poort Carlton Pugh was urging his lame and tired hoiBe. The twilight shades were fast deepening into night, and the road, a mere narrow dusty riband between the great slopes of sombre bush, began to look vague and indistinct. The footfalls of the steed sounded loud and ghostly in the stillness, seeming to reproduce themselves in duplicate, as here and there some large rock abutting on the road threw back a hollow echo. Now and again the animal would snort and cock his eats as a stealthy rustle in the thick scrub betokened the presence of some wild creature, or the weird cry of a night-bird would float dismally from afar. But otherwise the silence was unbroken. Even tbe monotonous chirrup of the tree- frog or tbe wailing whistle of the ever-present plover would have been welcome. Here and there, rooted in some great boulder, the spiky forms of straggling aloes loomed forth in relief, unduly magnified in the dusk into ungainly moristerB, demoniacal and menacing of aspect, or the straight stems of a row of euphorbia grinned lividly from their background of blackness. While upon the dead still ait came ever and anon a hoarae low rumble. Carlton Pogh tos very Well used to life in the veldt aud its vicissitudes^ Anight in the open was nothing to him. No man living was more conveniently blessed with complete absence of nerves. His physical organisation was perfect. Yet there was something depressing in the utter solitude of the surroundings, in the dead, brooding weight of the atmosphere that effected jven him. It might have been the foreshadowing of the heavy storm which was working up in front, coupled with a sense of his inability to make any appreciable progress. Or it might have been the consciousness that he was the bearer of a considerable 6um In hard cash—which he had journeyed over to the district town, some 30 miles away, to draw for the payment of hjs wa4 gang, then at work in a remote section of a sparsely inhabited district. Oi it might even have been the prospect of spending the night in the veldt, and wet to the skin at that, as a substitute for the cheerful, welcome, and snug quarters which he kiiew awaited him atthe stock farm of a friend, where he had intended to arrive soon after sundown. But that ardently-desired haven was 15 miles away, if a yard; nor was there any nearer habitation. And his horse was dead lame. Dismounting, he drew the bridle over his arm—for he preferred to relieve his poor beast of his weight—and trudged along, fall of philosophical resolves to make the beet of the situation. But it was weary work, and to add to it every now and again a vivid flash, steely and blue in its quiver* ing incandescence, would light up the heavens, followed by a heavy roll of thunder which boomed sullenly among the crags in long-drawn and dismal reverberations. " It's going to be a most beastly night," he pronounced with a shake ot the head, and a look upward at the dense black cloud, which was spreading itself over the Bky. " If one had even a tent—there some- thing homelike in any kind of shelter on such a night as this, even if it's only a bit of leaky canvas. By Jove! That'll be the plan. No ducking for me to-night. I'll go and turn in at the old house. Of course." He had arrived at the entranoe of Dead Man's Kloof which here branched away from his road at a right angle. The resolve was a perfectly rational and logical one. It meant shelter and a dry couch, if a rough one, as against a cold, wet night, lying out in the heavy rain. With such a choice before him who would hesitate ? Yet at the moment of forming his decision the strong, sceptical, determined young Englishman felt a most unaccountable repugnance to advancing another step in the dirrctfon in which he bad now set his face. But jist then a splash of large raindrops on th» sprays of the bush around decided hu' With a cheery word of encouragement t< his dejected steed, he quitted the main roan and struck into the rough and grass-grown track which led into Dead Man's Kloof. The doorway of the old house gaped wide, as if in welcome, if that genial word can be said to apply in any sense to so utterly woe-begone, forsaken-looking a tenement. Bat in point t>f fact there was no door. For a moment Pogh had some thoughts of stabling his horse inside, in the one room the structure possessed. But the apartment waB small; accordingly he decided to knee-halter the animal, judging that it would hardly stray far in its present lame and tired condition. BeBideB, though the end of the.building had fallen out, there was still enough of the roof and walls •tanding on that side to afford a tolerable shelter from the weather. Hardly was this done than the storm broke. The heavy ramble of the thunder had turned, to sharp staccato cracks, so stunning, so deafening in their appalling loudness as to shake the rickety tenement to its foundations, and to beget in the listener's mind a sensation of confused and awed bewilderment. The whole atmosphere was one sheet of blinding flame. Hardly a fraction of a second seemed to intervene between each steely flash, and in the unbroken roar and crash of the. thunder, it was as-if the very heavens were about to roll up in a scroll Then, in a hurricane rush, the rain des cending, and, lit ap by the vivid electric stream, more dazzling than the brightest glow of noonday, the whole space in front of the open doorway was as a heaving, dancing sea. At length there came a lull. The lightning was hardly less vivid, but v it flashed at longer intervals and the hoarse booming of the thunder rolled majestically from cliff to cliff. The rain now fell in a soft, regular downpour, and the rotten thatch was j ea Ving like a sieve. In the dazzling gleam of the lightning Pugh could take in every detail of t* 1 ? room » worm- eaten beams; the nails m? v * nd cooked, half falling from the gomrtim* whitewashed walls; the long oobwebs trailing ragged grey festoonB from the thatch; ^ blackened fireplace half filled with fallen brfcktf. An ojd cooking pot, demoralised and rusty, one of its three legs broken off, lay on the hearth, otherwise there was no remnant of any article of domestic use. Chaira, tables, anything of the kind, had long since been chopped up for firewood. And now as the wild saving of the etorm gave way to silence and blackness, intensified a hundredfold bythe previous strife of the elements, some measure of the weird associations of the place began to obtrude Itself upon the man's mind. Nor could it ^otherwise* Strpog aervpd, bad-beaded as he was* the influences of the gruesome' tradi f ion, combined with darkness and the utter solitude of this savage wilderness, were bound to have their effect even npon Oarlton Pugh. It was one thing to be Sceptical in broad daylight, while discussing the pros and cons in a cheerful circle of his kind; it was quite another to find his scepticism unexpectedly put to the teBt, alone and with the dark dead hours of a whole night before him. And then, although he had breathed no word of it to a living soul, he waB conscious in his heart of hearts that even his scepticism had been forced to acknowledge a weak point since that extraordinary and inexplicable affair of the Hottentot road laborer scared Into lunacy. True, the fellow was only a Hottentot, than which no more -childishly superstitious being exists; still the result remained—an established fact—and there was no getting round it. " Pho !" said Carlton to himself. " Am I going to funk the very thing I laughed at those poor childish devils for funking? Not much." He filled his pipe, and taking out his matchbox strnck a light. The crack of the wax vesta igniting was like the report of a pistol in "the deathly stillness. The best tonic fjr nerves is action. Accordingly, with his pipe in full blast, he strolled forth, intent on seeing how his horse had fared. The animal snuffed as he approached, glad of the sociability of a second presence— perhaps so was his master. He was exactly where he had been left—beneath the shelter of the projecting roof. Carlton patted him and spoke to him a little, then went back into the house. It was still raining softly, but pitch dark, There was no means of making a fire, for there was no wood in the room, and that outside was saturated. The lightning, now distant, played at intervals in a sickly and feeble glare; the plash of drops from the leaky roof falling on the mud floor, sounded md and ghostly, varied every now and i<_n by the tickling rustle of a tarantula in the thatch. The air, though cooled by th storm, was not chilly, and Carlton found his mackintosh ample covering. Swathed in this he settled himself in a corner for an upright doze. But before he did so some unaccountable feeling moved him to draw from his pocket the bag of sovereigns which he carried, and reaching up to deposit it in a cavity in the thatch overhead. He had nothing to eat, and the drain of spirit in hi6 flask when he set out had been used to dilute some abominable water at bis last halting place. But somehow he did not feel hungry. The discomfort of a supperless night curiously enough hardly appealed to him. Leaning against the wall in his corner, Jie smoked two or three pipes, but the feeling of drowsiness he would fain hafe courted refused to coma For the first time in his.life, perhaps, lie began to recognise—reluctantly but still unmistakably—that he possessed nerves. There was something direfully oppressive in the black darkness, and his imagination was not proof against the recollections his brain would conjure up. That scene the last time he entered this place—the spectacle of the miserable idiot, gibbering in the corner -and hiding his . head from some unseen terror—came back to him with unpleasant force, as also the consciousness that he himself was seated in that very corner. And with the thought he half rose as if to shift over to another. But he subsided again. The very fact of such a concession to his uneasiness was demoralising. He would not make it. So there he Bat, propped np in a corner, and every now and then a flash of lightning would throw out the gaping doorway in string re'ief, affording a shadowy and spectral glimpse of the wilderness beyond. As time went by, the cool-headed, sceptical Carlton Pugh began to feel a strange reluctance to look at the parallelogram of ghastly blue light; not yet, however, would he acknowledge that he was positively afraid of beholding what it might frame. Still he preferred the darkness; he wished these sporadic? gleams would cease altogether. The details of the frightful apparition as narrated by the most sane of the two men who had declared to seeing it—the headless phantom approaching~lhe doorway—the ragged, scattered, gory jaws mouthing at the spectator stood out in his mind in lurid and appalling distinctness here in the dead night in .this loneBome, haunted dwelling. He would go outside, travel on further, and bivouac in the veldt; anything rather than remain longer within these dreadful walls. Nonsense! He was not going to own himself scared away from the plaoe at wbose imaginary twww U w «wa a scoffed. He would not stir. Yet at the moment of arriving at his heroic determination, Carlton Pugh could not disguise from himself that it was ^dictated by motives the reverse of valorous. The fact was he dared not stir. Pulling himself together by an effort, he struck a vesta. There was a tremble in his fingers as he opened his little metal matchbox, and several of the matches fell to the ground. The sudden flaming light illumined the dark, gloomy recesses of the room. The travelling cobwebs swaying from the thatch seemed like creeping ghostly hands,' and the old cooking-pot lying on the hearth took the semblance of a great black head. The positions now reversed, the erect oblong of the doorway stood like a slab of inky black, and as he gazed beyond the circle of blue light cast by the expiring flame of the match, his glance lighted sideways on an enormous dark shadow swaying and nodding in grotesque antics right above him. Then, the light went out, leaving him once more in darkness. Carlton's blood turned to ice. His brain seemed bursting, and the heavy thumping palpitations of his heart sounded like thunder-peals to his strained and overwrought 89nse3. He dared not strike another light—not if his life depended upon it. Yet—that dreadful thing—alone with him in the darkness! A cold perspiration rained from him at every pore. Could he hare known it, his appearance at that moment was not so very different from that of the poor Hottentot whom he had found crouching in abject lunacy on this very spot, and possibly the same held good of his mental condition. Carlton Pugh, the matter- of-fact, strong-nerved, sceptical man, seemed to have evaporated into a strange and awful consciousness. He was fleeing frantically round and round that fearful apartment. The doorway gaped wide open, bat he could not pass through it. Still he fled, and still that weird Shape followed on his footsteps—striving to enfold him in its horrible embrace. Then he was darting through an atmosphere of incandescent flame, riding upon rolling peals of thunder, and still the pursuing demoniacal Presence close behind him as he careered through space, covering an eternity of time and of distance. * * # « The rain had ceased. The moon was shining with amazing brilliancy npon the lone recesses of Dead Man's Kloof, upon the wild bush and overhanging crags, upon the wet thatch and grey front of the old house, whose open door, with a shuttered window on each side, gave it somewhat of the appearance of a set and lack-lustre countenance. Suddenly a shrill, horrible scream rang out loudly upon the night Carlton Pagh stirred uneasily in his sleep—a sleep that had begun in something curiously like a swoon. He had slid to the ground in a doubled-up, reclining attitude. Now he sat bolt upright. The horrible nightmare character of his slumbers had left room for no recuperation. His nerves were as unhinged as ever. He stared vacantly at the open door rpposite—now a parallelogram of sheeny light beyond the shadowy gloom of the apartment — and — Oh, Heaven ! would the horrors of this awful night ever end ! On the sward outside was the little pit-pat of an unmistakable footstep. Was be awake, or was this but to be a continuation of the appalling visions of his sleeping hours i Yes, he was awake—wide awake. That stealthy footfall drew nearer and nearer, Every now and then it ceased, givirg place to the sound of a strange, shuffling glide His nerve — poor, miserable, shattered wreck of what was once a boasted { sion—failed him utterly. He dropped his head into bis hands, not daring to look np and face what he should see standing in that doorway. His brain was on fire. A moment more of this and the man would be mad. Instinctively he felt the doorway darkened. There was a curious snuffing sound as of something breathing hard. He must look or die. He did look. The doorway was not darkened. But not two yards beyond the threshold stood an enormous leopard. As his gaze fell upon it the beast dropped into a crouching attitude. A low, rumbling, velvety purr rolled from its massive throat. Its cruel, scintillating eyes flashed green in the moonlight as it crouched, its round speckled head resting npon its great paws, its tail waving softly to and fro. Thus they stared at each other—the man and the beast—separated by less than a dozen yards. The situation was appalling enough in ll cQWsoisuce, But eight of a flesh^n blood enemy, however formidable and ferocious, Carlton Pugh's courage returned. Stealthily he felt for his revolver, which, owing to the custody of the sum of money he carried, be happened to have with him. But—he could not find it. The holster by which it was habitually slung around him was empty. Had it Mien out ? He groped on the floor around him ii vain. The leopard, still crouching, had wormed itself silently forward. Its head was almost on the threshold of the door. And now with the realisation of his utter helplessness, Carlton was conscious of a strange absence of fear. Even at that supremely critical moment he recollected that so ineradicable is the terror inspired in the wild creatures of the wilderness by the erect form of their natural enemy man, that were he suddenly to rise and shout the beast would be almost certain to decamp, yet he felt absolutely powerless to adopt this course, and more unaccountable still had not the slightest desire to. There was a weird fascination in gazing into thoBe scintillating orbs, in the thick sensuous purr, in the graceful feline beauty of the beast, thht was simply over-mastering. He to break the spell. Then the workings of his mind took a whimsical turn. He had lain in ambush before that night beside the bait of a live kid or sheep tethered to attract the destructive carnivora. His identity seemed to have passed into that of the helpless animal. He felt an insane desire to begin bleating bimsc-lf. Still he seemed to feel no fear. Still his eyes were rivetted upon the glare of those cruel green ones; still the deep, throaty purr conveyed a sense of pleasure. Then the crouching, ferocious brute arose. Its stealthy, binuous form disappeared from the moonlight. It was cow within the doorway. It was in the room with bim. The fiery eyes now gleamed right into his with a bloodthirsty stare. They seemed to burn. Those two great eyes were now two discs of glowing fire— burning, scorching into his with a bloodthirsty staro. They seemed to burn. Those two great eyes were now two discs ot glowing fire—burning, scorching into his brain. Already he could feel the snarling fangs fastening in his throat, the tearing claws, like hoofs of steel, ripping into his vitals. All the agony of his terror returned. Ha would have shrieked aloud, but his tongue could emit no sound. He was unarmed, helpless, paralysed. An easy prey. And then upon this fearful climax there came a change. B ;tween the fierce leopard and its helpless prey there stole a something—a something—the very awe of whose dreadful presence even at that moment turned the man's blood to ice and caused every hair upon his head to rise separately. Ee saw the lithe and sinuous shape of the formidable beast dart forth into the moonlight again with a shrill snarl of fear, while at the same time a shower of flashing, hissing sfars fell around him, burning and stabbing his bare head. Then his brain gave way. All was deadly blank. * * * # " That's Pugh's horse, Taylor. And he's fcem k lied by a tiger, (Leopard—a common misnomer.) Look!" B ith men bent over the dead animal to examine the indications to which the first speaker had alluded. The great gash which had torn opeu the throat, with the half-dried pool of blood around, told its own tale, irrespective even of the large pad marks in the soil, rendered soft and muddy by the night's rain. A cloud of vultures, wtose maroeuvres bad led the two horsemen to diverge from their route at the entrance of Dead Man's Kloof, still hovered overhead, waiting to descend upon the carcase whioh they had already begun to rend and mangle when interrupted. " Yes, it's Pngh's right enough. He offsaddled at our p'ace yesterday. But what on earth should hive moved bim to camp out in the veldt I He reckoned on sleeping at Nuttall's, and had plenty of time to get there, too. Now, I wonder where he oan be ?" ' That easily located. In the old houBe, of course. His horse has strayed and got caught by the tiger. Won't he just swear I" " In the old house ?" repeated Taylor, with a curious look. " Oh, he isn't afraid of spooks," rejoined the ether, interrupting the look. " Anyhow, I reckon it's there we'll find him." It was a heavenly morning. The sun had been up a couple of hours, and the red ironstone faces of the great krantzes were glowing like burnished gold in the flooding light of the newborn day. Small birds d were twittering' euaong the green »pray» «f the bush. Bat among these cheery surroundings of life and light the old house stood, eilevt and death]?, the open doorway gaping sombre and forbidding. " Halloo ! you there, Pugh f shonted the man who had first spoken, as they rode op. Bat there came no answer. " He can't be there, Green," said Taylor, with the same queer look his face had worn when the idea was first mooted. "Well soon Bee, anyhow," was the reply, as the speaker dismounted. Bath th?ee men were stock farmers—hardheaded, sober, practical fellows, who knew not the meaning of the word nerves. Yet under the circumstances a strange reluctance to explore any farther came upon both of them. It was bat momentary, however, and crossing the ill-omened threshold, they stood within the room. And then a qnick ejaculation escaped the foremost. He started violently. This is what he saw. In the dim light, crouching in a corner on the opposite side of the door, was the figure of a man. His eyeballs were rolling in ghastly fashion, and his lips were working. A kind of quick, nervous ire I seamed to run op and down his limbs, and he evinced no recognition of their presence, j A large revolver lay on the ground beride him, and, strangest part of all, the who floor of the room was strewn with scvtreigne. These lay thickest round the poor fellow's form, but some had rolled even to the threshold itself. " It's Pu»b, right enough 1" cried Green, halting aghast. " I say, though. What on earth can the poor cbap have seen—er-— what can have brought him to this s'a'e ?" And then both men stared into esch other's fices, and e3ch recognised that the other was rather pale. " Well, we mu3t get to the bottom of it as far as we can," said the other, looking round. " Ha, what is that- ?" as a gleam in the thatch above the crouching man's head caoght- bis eye. He reached up his hand and pulled out the canvas bag which poor Cirlton had secreted there. A few gold pieces still remained in it, but the bulk of its contents lay strewn about the flocr. By some mysterious means the fastening must have broken loose, ecattering the coins right and left. "This begins to lojk uncommonly queer," muttered Taylor, stooping to pick np the sovereigns. And in the act someth&t; caught bis eyes caused him to start up violently and draw his companion's attention. "A tiger, by Jove!" cried the latter. " Look. There's his spoor—right inthen out again—and—he went out in a deal greater hurry than he went in," continued the experienced tracker, reading off the position of the pad marks as the page of a book. " It bangs me anyhow. The brute must have sneaked in while Pugh was asleep, and bolted when he woke up. No—that won't quite do either. Pugh isn't the man to be thrown into such a ghastly funk over a matter of that kind— eh—what ?" "Look—look at this!" cried Taylor, staring at the ground in breathless excitement. Between the man in the corner and the last padmirks of the crouching beaBt, and turned towards the latter, was the print of a pair of human feet. They were naked feet—small and delicate—apparently those of a woman. But whoever they belonged to they stood alone —only the pair. Not a sign of another print was thero to reveal to those practised trackers how thc-ir owner had entered or gone forth. "Whoever it was must have dropped from the roof and sprung np there again," said Taylor, glancing upward in the dim. light not without a touch of superstitious awe. " Pugh is not the first who has come out of this infernal place crazier than he went in. Whatever, it was"—g»z : ng hard at the mysterious footprints—" Whatever it was, ghost or no ghost, the * tiger.', wonld have chawed birn up, to a dead certainty* but for it. Liok where it stood. Right between the two." j Carlton Pugh did not loBe his mind. Bat when he recovered from the violent attack of brain fever which bronght him to the very'verge of the grave, hB resigned bis office as road inspector and betook himself to mother part of the country. Even then, aftsrthe lapse of years, the horror of that fearful night in Dead's Man's Kloof would come back to him in his ^dreams, and his reticence pu this occurrence was sjjch as to emote a -prrtipUate withdrawal on his part if the subject was so much m mentioned, j 