FREE-TRADE FLAMS. Thoy are legion. They ore .of all colors — of . all sorts— all sizes. . Tlioy fucu north by south— east by west. > Tuesday's flam eontradiotaiMoii- day's, and "Wednesday's very often- doinoliihes both. ' . A couple, of days since the freb-trador assured us that he means to incroasothe revenue by. lower duties. Subsequently- the publics woro told that they meant - to "kill' rovenue " by 25 por ; cent, duties all round. Tho.man who wants to be moderately honest asks— " Which Is It to. be ? , .,e ifP11 going to reduce the revenue or increase h. Do you. free-trade - gentlemen yourselves snow what you moan and what yei\ want ?" be.present industrial condition. of Victoria Ki n'lro l?n'' have -boon a failure," says lnn.,i 5?rTai vc> - " How so, my friend?" nquires the Protectionist.- ."Because it' has 1 i?Sn P.r,ototioP - avliloh has draivn' tho people to w . - !" vatort's -the other. vnl!!!ai'i proteotion ' wliioli originated that ' rnwl?i „ i0n Was it proteotion that bor- wl- u d ' fpeut £20,000,000 in- six years? canit.li r 1,r0.t8otiou tlmt lurcd t,1#' Hritlsli withl.r.!,! ,t®::'«over'. Greater.- Melbourne 1 toil sSoVla ?rder to rob themlif land epe'ou- this dlL It,n-lway? Boomed to me that It :waa inonutoi!l gambling. of -thd Conservative SrpluSX'pto" CrWd"1 Mo,bourn8withit» the .crQa08' Poverty 1" This is one of tots nn l'erl,ap3 ?f raany »Uly lame. Tho I-etuk Lft rTrd aro a'l to the oontrary. wcnltb fnr n l ' lV Iro, f,otioniat polloy creates ' mike. wo,m,0n,Ia'%wU-"0 a "-frade policy lioak nrmlf ir foreigners, Hayltr's Vtar aithoueh an l'"o;trado New South Walea- hohlnd v to ' V'i' old,r tha'1 -Victoria-is far S 1690 .ov"y W- In the'; Year wealth !f vf ' Haytpr says that "tlio private Wale by £S9 nonnnn080 TTlia, ot 'Now South ' aamo bbok t lis???'®? ' i n, a1"0 «howa i®.' the exceeds tilr!l r hualness In Viotoria milliona ili n tlie older colony by aome worklne thfsjv'"g BMika abow that tha nearly |(l to? (urn8 Vlotoria aro better off by "for a nw,i.«ii' f'1" I" n inagnifloant reoord «"r fr«.traal0Selgllboli,y " ,ea" y0U"S,r tUan aeya fue tres is to double our exporti." But' how if ?l,' a', free-traders want „IJ' a"'l " the low price of the oxports fails to pay for tho additional imports? That is a phase of tlio question wliioli tho shallow mind of tho nut never thinks it propor to give nn answer to. 8 JSlST.1" ,7''?torh accumulated so much wealth over all the oldor colonies ? Not boosusc of torvowad money, because her public debt Is loss per head than that of the other coloniet. and millions less in bulk than New South WaIos, her only competitor. Hut it is became ot the fo lowing figures, taken from the Argus of the ofcu InHt. : Exports per liend,' New South IValos i, £17 8 0 Do. do., Victoria- ... . .. .. 8 17 0 New South Wales docs not protect industries to any extent, and the result is' that she has to export mncli larger quantities of her raw material 12,030 milns away for foreigners to operate on. That raw material in this colony is mudo into the kind. of goods which her colonists want for developing resourco. But in order that exports ijmy look ldrgo, the free-trader will not look at , tho terrible loss to the pooplo. The exports of New South Wales amount to nearly £9,000,000 rnoro than those of Viotoria. Haytor informs us that for every £7,500,000 ft?-'!1 material operated on, about £13,000,000 worth of produotive commodities are turned out. Consequently, ' as New South "Wales oxports £9,000,000 more raw material than Viotoria, and that that material, after being mnnafnotiircd, is turned into £15,000,000, oho loses £6,000,000, that amount being rctainod by foreigners for labor and profit made out of silly freo-tradcrs. " But it is much wiser to send all this pro duce homo and get it - back again made up in manufacture.," persists Mr. .Murray Smith.' But why? The poor man never tells us that, And yot we must suppose that ho would if ho could, Mark what Viotoria does. Instead of exporting that £9,000,000 to again import it, thus humbugging the people into believing that we are doing a most prosperous trade and deceiving everybody, we do tlio oppo site. The £9,000,000 of raw matorial is con veyed from tlio fnrms and stations to the railway Htations, and from the "railway stations by our own oarriers - to tho industries in Melbourne, Castlcmainc, Geelong, Ballarat, and hundreds of otlior plneos. That is tlio way wo export it. And what hoppons to it then? After passing through the hands of our own manufaoturers, and after the raw. material is turned into £15,000,000 of wealth," the oarriers are hot wanted- to convey baak to the people merely £9,000,000 worth of 'commodities, ns in tlio case of tho froe-trndo oxportcr, but the whole of tho £15,000,000. worth of produotive commodities. ' New South WaleB therefore obtains only £9,000,000 worth of commodities bv exporting her rsw mnterial, wliile Viotoria obtains £15,000,000 worth of commodities 'for further developing resource, by not export ing. Hero we liavo tlio exposure of n giant flam, becanso it shows how this colony oT small terri tory liaa been enabled to feed and employ a population as large as that of Nsw South Wales, twico as Isiigo as that of Now Zealand nnd three times as large as tlint of Queensland and South Australia. This very question of our population is a groat fact that is only explainable by our protective policy. When tho free- trade flam grinder declares that . protection has made Viotoria poor, tbe protectionist can roply that his .fiscal polioy is the only reason why Vibtorinns bavo acoumu- latod so muoli mora wealth than the other eolo- nies, and why tlioy have been able to invest 1 so largely in properties, mines, &c.;, in all' tho other colonies, In fact if it were not for Vic- tarian 'capital- tlio otlior colonios would liaye shown little or no progress. Our polioy there fore is not to upset proteotion, but to make it more acceptable to the pooplo by admitting free all' raw ' material wliiok protectionists require, and to have only such duties ns will give fair protection to legitimate and experienced manu facturers who know their business, and who could oempete with foreigners provided wages were on tho same level. Here isa littlo poey of freo-tredo contradic tions: — "I would do anything to sweep away this aconrsed protection," says Mr. Langton, " because it destroys trade niul revenue." "I am a standi free-trader," unys Mr. Coldbam ; "but I would not do anything against protso- tion ' just now, because it gives us oustoms revenue." "Reduce the duties- and increaso the revenue," cries the Argus, in one column. In another column of the samo'day it says' that bringing down the dutios to 25 per cent, will "kill rovonuc." What excellent guidance is here ! "Reduoohrailway freights," says tho ex- trcme Conservative tricksters, "and mako tho railways pay," The . Railway Commissioners followod the advioe of tlio trioksters 10 week) ago by reducing railway freights,' and the loss has been over £4000 ii .week ns "compared with last year. This moans further taxation, tho produeors having to pay. the bulk of it. It also means that if tho poople liavo to . bo taxed to make' the .railways pay, tho'railway assets are depredated in the eyee of the British money lender, and in ponseqaenoo our bonds will not rise as they Bho'uld do. ' One of the Premier's flams run on tlio same lilies. . " I will reduce railway freights and fares all round. I ask a mandato from the country." But what about tlio mnndato for- the new taxa tion that. Is to mako up the difference ? . It is .ooinforting' to know, however, that as an in ventor of flams and eliams the Premier is but the leador in a party of slmms. ' - ' . - It is like Blaying.the slain. For tbe ghosts of dead lies riso. and' gibber just as did Bauquo's giiost Tlio Liberal polltioian at eleotion times .moy ahvaya'utter Macbetk's oomplsint— , , , , ; The time has boon That when tho brains were out the thing would die, And lliero nil ond j but how they, rise again. Brainless they rise, but' not voiceless. They squeak nnd rant tho old atalo cant. Mr. Wboelor told Ilia constituents at Daytes- ford that it is quite untruo that Viotorlan rail way freights are higher than those of New South Wales. Ho is politely told in tho print of rail way slander that ho is. either a fool or a liar. And yet lie said the literal truth, and the jour nal wliloh is daily saying the contrary Is but pro ducing figures in order to falsify foots. . Wo are told again and again, with absolute mendaolty in the statement, that tho New South Wales minimum is Oid. per ton per mile, and that Victoria's is Id. . Tho following offlolnl statement of tho ohargea in the mother colony will Completely etato tho f note tin that head Percentage of : each class to . . - total tonnago. Hay, straw and chsO.. 0.45iL' 2.20 Grain, flour, &e.; ... .. tt63d. .. -6.94 Colli and slialo .. .. ,. 0.72d. ., 67.31 Miscellaneous and A class .. 0.8P1. .. 8.72 Firewood; .. 0 88d. ,. R82 Tbo next higher rates are Livestock 2.OO1L .. 4,43 Wool a4Bd. .. 3.44 General goods 2.53d, -11.44 Inspection of tlieso fignrce shows that only 2.20 per cent, of the traffic is carried at iess Elian Ojd.; and comparisons show that Victorian rates ara not in cxcoss of the New South Wales standard. There is no meeting foots liko tlieso except by suppressing them and telling a half truth, whioh is " the very worst kind of lie." For, as tlio poet ssya — . A lie that Is all a Uo'may bo met and fought with outright, - . But a lie that Is half a truth is a harder matter to light. ' , The farmer is constantly told these vlllainons half truths about tlio; railways. As a faot, In agricultural implements Victoria's rates arc much lower than those of Now.Soutb Wales, and In seeds and roots also the difference Is In favor of tho Victorian farmer. We give other' instances, as below : — — Now South Miles. Wales. Victoria. . Cheese J ® ; Barley £ % j| g Wire .. 3$ JkUo & g . ' And then, in the matter of wheat rates, about wliioli so muoh misrepresentation has beon put forward; tbo following .table will show that tlio Now South Wales ratcs.are lower than ours by. a difference whioh is utterly insignificant - ' . -Ratim Pan Ton. . ' New South Nuw South Victoria. ' Milos. Wales.- Wales. 2 Tons or 6 Tons. 1 Ton. Upwards. s. d. s. d. s, (1. 28 .. .. 2 7 2 7 3 6 60 .... 4 10 6 0 6 6 76 .. .. 6 11 7 1 7 6 100 .. 8 4 0 0 0 4 126 .. .. 9 2 10 8 10 8 160 .. .. 10 0 .. 12 0 12 4 175 .. .. 10 10 ' 13 3 14 4 200 .. .. 11 8 14 6 16 4 225 .. .. 12 6 15 6 17 7 ' 250 .. .. 13 0 16 6 18 0 275 .. .. 13 5 17 6 18 7 300 .. .. 14 0 18 6 10 0 Mr. Frank Madden says that "gross misman agement of tho railways has driven tbo trafiio on . to the roada." Tlio politiaal ignorance of tho member for the- Esstorn Suburbs has been a marvel ever sinco.he opened liis mouth first in Parliament. As n matter of foot thoro is no unduo traifio on the roads that should bo on tlio railways. The condition of tilings is the normal one known to alt railway men. Every effort is constantly made to bring failure to tlio railways or to asperse tho lines. Tills is the way the extreme Conservative triokstprs have of restoring confidence. They have been restoring confidence in the same way for tho last tlireo years, When they could not got their way at tiie railways, tlioy started " aeoond olaas railway leagues" and' waggons on tho roads, ,iu order to reduce railway re- vonue. It requires very little influence to destroy confidenco and to destroy revenuo from earning in. But to build up, it requires a vast amount of influenco. Tbe trickstere saw that thoy had no power to do good, bnt saw tboir powor in doing evil to tho oominunity, and ae thoy have had over tkreo years of an innings, the country will now put a check on thorn from doing further mischief. -' It is just the snmo in tho Custom House. Tbo rage for mis-statement lies got beyond the eontrol of Oonsorvative strength. The triokstors say, "Reduce oustom dutios and thus Inoroase revenue. Oustoms duties in Viotoria with a high tariff is only £1 7s. 6d. per head, and New South Wales, with a low tariff, £1 14s, Id. per head." AVken tho tricksters wanted to use the figures in a different way it was easily dons. A few yoars ago it was said by them that high duties -were bringing in too muoh revenue. Victorians, they told us, were the boaviest taxed oommunity in any of the colonics by the high duties. Victorians wero paying about £3 fier head through the oustoms, while the people n the otlior coloniee'with low duties wire not paying much more than half. It is tbe old story, high or low, whiohever seems to salt the moment. At one timo the tariff brings in too muoh ; nt another timo too little. Tho oastoms revenue, in spito of the " high duties," is. on the increase, and instead of£17a.6d. per head tho last few weeks will show that we are on tho upward grado, aud over £2 per head is flowing into tho Treasury from the oustoms. Hero is n chance for the trioksters to ohango their method of dealing with figures, nnd go bsok to tha old story— that " high duties bring in too muoh revonue." The programme adopted at the opening of the great free-trado fizzle in 1876, at the memor able soirde held at Uookin's Hotel, was " tin gra dual extinotiou of protected industries." Mr. Murray Smith in th'e crusade esrnod the title of " tho extinguisher. " Under a new name tho crusade' against local industries has been recommenced. What the free-trade journal lias said in the past in favor of tho farmers : — Viotoria is not a wheat growing country. ; A proteotive duty is useless. Viotoria cannotgrow barloy. Viotoria cannot grow milling oats. Viotoria cannot grow raaizo. Viotoria cannot grow hops. Our farmora liavo been protected, with the result that they not only supply fully 'local wauts, but export tlioir surplus. "It had plennod the Almighty to make Vic toria a country ill adapted for barley growing, and no oxtent of proteotive duties would accom plish the miracle of reversing that state of tiling."— Treasurer Carter's views, 30th Sep tember, 1879. "Protcotion is the national polioy of Oauada." —Tho late Sir John Maodonald. "A tariff on foreign produotsis neoessaryto this country. " — Last words from Manohester. Free- trade in Lauaasbira, the gradual reduc tion in wages, and reduction in earning hours. One of tho most oatiting of frse trado misrepresentations is comprised in the phrcio, " Roduco oustoms duties, so that tho farmer may live." If this has any meaning at nil, it must he that present oustoms duties will oauiio tho farmor to die. If tills stuff wore only ns amusing as it is rldloulous, an average farmer might dio of laughing at It. But In truth it is so wholly absurd that no average man can afford to smile at mere brainlessncis. The idea of the farmers bolng hurt by the tariff is soouted by the most intelligent of the farmers themsolves. Mr. Allan M'Lean is a farmer, and lias just been returned without a Contest by a constituency of GIppsland farmers. And lie says Tho idea that a proteotivo duty neoessarily increases the prieo of a com modity to the extont of that duty is a, great fallacy.!' And he goes on to show how maizo and hops refute it ; how hats refute it j and how things are made dear by monopolising importers, even when tbey have not a penny of duty on them. Aa to tho farmers dying of tariff duties, tho idoa was batohed in freo-trado circles and brought to light by that maskod frcc-trador, Mr. West, who ia just being found out. and reprobated by. the fruit growers whom he has deceived. There is ho Triplo Leaguer ill the orowd who aan show any intelligent farmer that his living costs him one penny, a year more on account of proteotion; And theeo shams are for ever putting out their flams about "freeing the producer of his burdens." Mr. G. Turner, the leader of the Opposition, says, " The tariff question oan be settled when the Tariff Board, consisting of freo- traders and protectionists, have comploted their, inquiry." This is wisdom.. On the other hand, wo have tho free-trade tricksters aaying, "Confidenoo Shall not bo restored until wo, a minority of tho population, get our way over this tariff question," Mr. G, Turner and the protec tionist party are ranged on tho one sido fight ing for peace and prosperity, while Sir James Patterson and his new alliance are ranged oil tbo other side for war. They will got war enough in a few more days, and then we will have poaco over their politioai nshee. Wo may nail anothor flam to the counter. Hero it is, fresh from its native workshop : — " Tariff reform must he the very first business of the new Parliament." It ia simply oertain that that will not and cannot be. That would mean that ' the new Parliament, instead of settling down to straighten up tlio finances, would aottlo down for a war on tlio tariff nnd lot the finances drift, resulting in no confidence, further stagnation and further suffcriug for the farming and laboring eiasaee, as well as further deficit. The merest tyro knows and recognises this ns a flam. "The farmer is tho victim and pays for all." Tho free-trade Codlin has all this consuming pity for " tho poor farmer." But the farmor only winks tho other eye and says, " He's got 'em again." Why, what is tho farmers' present position ? They number about 50,000. Allow five persona to eaoh family, and they . have a total-of about 250,000. Now, according to freo tradere, the taxation per head through the ous toms amounts to. £1 7s. 6d., and they further eay in the Argus of Saturday last : — "Free pro duction implies that nothing shall betaken from the producer save and except what is returned to him in services well worth paying for. If the producer pays no mora in taxation than lie receives in polioe protcotion, in educational advantages, ia judioisl administration, in public works, and so on— if he gets value for liis money, then he is free." It ie oiBy to show tho Ureal faddist how this pans out on his own figures. With oustoms duties of only £1 7s. 6d. per head it may bo safely said that the oity and towns people — who believe in proteotion because of the trade it gives them instead of to foreign traders— would spend in clothing and other dutiablo goods nearly twice as much as would farmors, who re quire so littlo dutiable goods. In that ease tho 600,000 people who live in cities, towns and boroughs — and who are tho beat customers of the farmers— pay noarly all the oustoms tax ation. When the farmors have once bought their farming implements, suob as ploughs, harrows, drays, &o.;, they generally lest for 15 or 20 years, with slight repairs, and taxation through tho customs therefore praotioally coaseB for those years. The only taxation, tliorefore, wliioli they have to pay is what the free-trado tricksters put on their tea, rice, &c.-;, as they kolieve in putting duties on artioles that we oan-. not produce for what they term "rovenue pur poses." However, for tlio sako of argumont, we mar allow that tlio farmers of tho colony pay aB muoh as the city people. In that ease the amount would tot up to £343,000. From this point the reckoning la easy to see how muoh the farmer gets baok again in return for his £343,000. The ehire subsidy is £310,000. The farmers' portion of that would he about £190,000. This money 1h spent in making reads and bridgos, so that thoy may get tboir produoc to tbo markets; If thie money were net given them the local ratos would have to he increased by that amount, or tho roads would get into a bad state, and tho wear and tear .of drays, waggons, harness, ka., would amount to more than the rate, and would have to he . borne by the farmers. Again, they have free education for their ohiluren. The scIiooIb in the country are more than twice as eostly per head as those in the oity. The farmers' share of the £700,000 whioh iteosts for sohooling in tho eolony would be about £300,000. Here, then, in two items alone tho farmers get baok £490,000, or £147,000 more than they pay to the customs. . Besides that profit they are supplied with polioe protootion, judloial ad ministration, ko., freo of olinrge. Tlio farmers of tbo colony are, therefore, well looked after, as they should be, and they have to tliank pro tectionists for It. Follow the free-trade trioksters in the present general oleotions, and they will only regret it once, and tbntwlll be for ever, i Wheat growing is no doubt one of the nutural industries of the eolony. But so Is boot making; One doserves every bit aB muoh ouoouragemont as, the other. And when we come to sweating, tlio, farmer is Bweated as muoh by tho usurer who oharges liim 15 or 20 por asnt. as is tho boot maker by his employer. A farmor has to sell his wheat at Is. 69. per bushel. Tbe indus try !b barely payable, oven nt tlio best, and yet the free-trader wishes to force all the boot makers of the eolony into this overdono wheat- growing business. With tho free-trade tricksters out of the way, oonfidenoe would be restored and "poor sick Viotoria," which has been held baak for two years by this party, wonld be tho first of all the colonies to get away from her troubles. The other colonies do not .possess tho ssine unpatriotio and narrow minded party that we have hero, and in consequence the revenues in those oolonies have not boon brought down to suoh a low pitoli. Therefore, dismissals of Eublio servants and n lowering of wages have oen averted to a very great extent in those oolonies. Wherever we turn we find the same ignorance and tho samo impudence of statement. The Premier nt Oastlemaino eaid s— " The 'effect of tho stack tax of £2 10.-, a 'bead on. botses had been to send the whole of tlio Indian trallio to Sydney, taking away the trado of the fat mora of Ballarat, .Kynston and elsewhere in supplying fodder for horses going to Calcutta. Tuat ono simple thing of £2- lOs. a bead on horses lias lost to the colony an amount I am tnoapable of estimating, but it 1b something tremendous. ' It has been a loss to tho shipping, the oustoms and the farmers, and hltbgctkcr'it has been most disastrous." It would scarcely bo believed that overy word of this is a pure invention of somebody who lias put tho ignorant Premier up to he the mouthpiece of a silly falsehood. So far from the export trade in horses having de creased, it has increased since the tax was put ' on in June, 1892, thuB : — Number. Value. ' ram " " 4'?-56 - £124,126 4,629 .. 99,382 .. .. 4,676 .. 86,808 1833 .; ., .. 4,033 33,133 Butthe triokery will atlll go on. One instance tlint stands . very prominently forward is tbo sweating business of tho boot traded Mr. Frank . Madden area in this sweating an argument .against protection, or snys he doee. But there is only ono logical, connection between the two tliingH. 'And this de-ttroyu the frce'tradcr'e stook argument that high duties increase prices to tbe consumer. The free-trader is forced to .admit that in tho boot trade au unrogulafed internal competition ha« reduced prices below Paying point-. This at -any rate absolutely nullifies the contention that In this oa?e at least tho 40 per cent, duties nro a burden to anyone. Nobody ever contonded that unre stricted internal oompotitlon is provided against by protootion, and where it operates it is just as bad under protection as. under free- trade. But there is this difference, that under free-trade it always operates, and under protec tion only sometimes. At any rate if tho free trader had the lionosty and the nonso to reason logically he would liavo to admit to tho farmor that in tho hoot trade at least the 40 or 50 not cent, tariff duties are no burden upon him. The manufacturers1 prices-prove it. 