SPIRIT PHOTOS. HOW TO RAISE GHOSTS. The spirit photos presented in a rev nt issue in connection with the expo! in Sydney, make specially inter ing an interview lately published in a Lon paper. It is as follows: "Nothing is easier. I can turn you ghosts by the dozen. They can be done order just like anything else less ether As a matter of fact, the beginner in our fession is often a ghostmnker quite agat his will. They come without his biddi and disgusted enough he gets with them wi they present themselves to hint where would fain have conjured the counterfeit flesh and blood upon his plate." We were standing in a large BSker sir photographic studio; a thousand childre faces beamed down from the walls, for is i AEr Faulkner par excellence the photcgrapl of ohildren? Of ghosts there were no apparently, but we had appealed to I Faulkner for some explanation of GHOSTS IN TiE C.W-IERA, because it is said that next to ghosts childs are the most diffllicult "objects" to pho graph, and we felt convinced that, in his u experience, Mr Fanlkner must occasions have crossed the thin border wh divides the child and the ghost, th next-door neighbors in the photograph camera. The immediate fact which to the invasion by the " Wetmins Gazette" of Mr Faulkner's studio was bona-fide photography of a ghost. A yo' girl had been photographed, in a priv room, by an amateur photographer, who, far, declines to believe in ghosts. When t photograph was developed there appeal behind the figure of the girl in classic ge ments another face-shadowy, but perfect i visible-the face, apparently, of a man wi towzly hair and a dark moustashe, bendil g over the girl's shoulder. There was 0 trickery of any kind : the plate had not be n tampered with; no one had interfered w ui the photographing was in process. IIOWCAME TiHIS GHOST ON TO TIE T. Mr Faulkner, as an expert, was asked to explain. " It is the best ghost I have ever seen on a photograph," this gentleman e?. plained, after a minute examination of 'he plate, " and how it has got there I caýot exactly tell. Though, mind you," added Mr Faulkner, with the ghost of an amused soile, "I am no more abeliever in ghosts thaa.you are. There are various ways in which anlim" I pression of this kind can be prodnoed ýsn a camera. In the present case I should say that either somebody has passed behind the lady while the plate on which she was being photographed was exposed, era reflection 0n some window or glass.door has produced the effect. Any ph~otographer can MANUFAC.TURE A GHOST FOlt YOU with the greatest ease. For instance, it I I give a long exposure to a plate, and duri g the exposure some one-perhaps drag;1d in a sheet-appears for a momelt i behind the sitter, and then disappears agaie, a faint impression appears, of course, on e e plate. When I first took to photograph ? years ago, I often amused myself and assistant by producing chosts in this wa .And beginners in photography very oft It produce ehostasgainst their wills by incor a redly focunssing the object they are about t ,f photograph. n "Then, again, it is very easy, for anyon d inclined to do so to hoax Spiritualists an d other peopleof ferventfaith. An impressio; y may be made on a plate and covered up. .e Afterwards, when a believer imagines that a it ghost is present and might be caught in 1 camera, the plate is exposed once more an4 a both Spiritualist and" ghost " appear in th photograph. It is truly marvellous ho i some of the good people who go in f" d spiritualism and kindred sciences allow the instances of this kind. S8me tune ago an old n gentleman, a barrister, who had a very good t position in the colonies, hved over kere, just round the corner. He was a great faith. is healer and spiritualist; a clever old fellow, e-I should say, and thoroughly in earnest to about tis occult science. His wife died, and he came here one morning saying that he would like to be photographed.. He would le bring what he called his battery, and he he thought TIIE SPIRIT OF IIIS WIFE ie would appear on the plate. Of course, I had at to keepserious; it was not my business to ex i press an opinion about the spert. Presently d he came in, and with him was a party of men sand women. These were his 'battery.' I put him in position for a photograph, and the battery eat behind him in a semicircle, far enough away not to come into the focus of the camera. Presently, a member of the battery, a wretched.looking little cobb:er, began to it groan and wriggle and to go into all kinds of contortions. 'He can't help d it,' a young lady of the party informed me; 'nor can he help talking in that strange way. d He is in a trance, possessed by TIHE SPIRIT OF AN NDIAN CIIIEs.' . It was well she explained, for the fellow r. began to talk in a would-be foreigi accent, it the most absurd and idiotic stuff I have ever .e listened to. Sometimes he forgot himse!t, and talked in his own Cockney tongue, but thenhe e pulledhimself together again, and we bada y little more of the Indian chief. It was a great joke, but I was sorry for the poor old man . whowas deluded by these people. When the a photograph was taken, the young lady of the r party insistedupon commg intothe dark toom to see what was on the plate. Of course there was nothing except the hfe figure of the old Colonel, but she turned to me and said, in a very superior tone, ' To you it does not ap. Spear so, because your eyee are not opened; t but I see millions and millions of angels on this plate.'' " Another time, now a good many years ago, we had a curions xperience with people of this class. Avery lovely young lady, of a Swell-known aristocratic family, had been photographed and painted by as several times. She married, and after some years Sher husband came to us very sadly, and said he wouldlike us to senddocn to his house for the purpose of taking S A POIOTORIPIrI OF TiERe DEtD BJIy. I When our man got there, the tiny child, Swhich had only lived an hour, could not pos. ,s aihly be photographed, but the husband in. sioted on having a likeness of the child. So oneof our artists medea drawing, and as the photograph was absolutely useless, he made it'as well ashe could after the likeness of Sthe babF's beautifulmother, which was hang ing in their studio. Wioen it was finished Sthe father came one morning to look at the picture. He stood before it for some time, and then went away, saying he would Sb back presently. Some hours later hecame back. rather excited, and asked to see the I portrait again. He stood in front of it, and then asked that the upper part of the face a should be covered up, When we had done so, he said, with mtenee satisfaction, ' Yes,it is the child; I recognise it by the lower part of the face.' The man, after 'caving us that morning, had gone to a medium and csked to be shown the face of his dead child. How they managed it all I cannot tell, hut he cer tainly came back to us with the impression s tnat our drawing was the portrait of the angel child he had seen in the medium's room." Factory skim milk is much more nutritious alone than im the whey from cheese-making, but U the skim milk can very cheaply be mude quite as nutritious as new milk by the addition of about 81b. linseed meal, boiled in ler gallon, g of water to each 1001b. milk, or 41b. emulsifed fat, or 31b. of cod iver or cocoanut oil to each 10 gallons of skim milk is an excellent thing for calves. The linseed is boiled in water about Sib. to a gallon, and this will form a jell; when a cold. About hail a pint of the jelly to each ~ feed will make the skim milk equal to new milk as a calf food. Of cake boiled with water onght also to be proitabhe and cheap to mis with thes skimmillk h 