UEST* L' \Y RAM 1 Author of "The Gun-Rlunner, a Romance of Zulu land," "'Tween Snow and Fire," "Through the Zulu Cuoutrv: Its iattlatielda and its People," etc. CHAIPTIER XIV.-Aamr TWiE. Rv sundown Renshaw was in the heart of 'the mountains. And now, as his steed's gait warned him, it was time to off- saddleagain. ..-'The river lay below, about a hundred yards -from the .road. Dismounting, he Id his "i'"borae down through the thick. bush, and re= snoving the saddle, but not the bridle, which latter he held in his hand, allowed the animal to graze and get somewhat cooler before drinking. Then, saddling up again, here gained the road. The latter was ir. most parts very bad, as it woundits rugged length through a savage and desolate poort or defile, which, in itself, was one long ambuscade, for thick bash grew up to the very roadside, in places overhang ing it. The sun had set, but a lurid after glow was still reflected upon the iron face of a tall krantz, which, rising from the steep forest-clad slope, cleft the sky. Great baboons, squatted on high among the rocks, sent forth their deer-ohested, far-sounding bark, in half- startled, half-angry'recognition of the presence of their natural enemy man; and, wheeling above the tree-tops, ascending higher and higher in airy circles to their roost among the crags, floated a pair of lammerraugers (a species of black eagle), whose raucous voices rang out in croaking scream over the glooming depths of the lone defile like the weird wailing of ademoniac. Darkness fell, for there is no twilight to speak of beneath the Southern Cross, and the dull, dead silence of the mighty solitude was unbroken, save for the hoarse roar of the river surging through its rocky channel, and the measured hoof beats of the horse. And as he urged the animal on through the gloom, all Renshaw's apprehensions seemed to renew -thomselves with tenfold intensity. The appalling details of the gruesome tragedy chased each other through his mind in all their red horror, nod his overwrought brain would conjure up the most grisly forbodings. What if he should arrive too late! Those unprotected women, Ihelpless, at the mercy of those fiends, red-handed from the scene of their last rathless crime, devils incarnate let loose upon the earth, their lives forfeit, the noose ready for their necks, their only object to perpetrate as many hideous infamies as possible before meeting the doom that would sooner, or later be theirs I No wonder the man's brain seemed on fire. The road took a sudden trend downwards. 'The river must be erossed here. The drift was a bad one in the daytime, at night a dangerous one. But the latterconsideration, far from dauntinghim, rather tended to brace Renshaw's nerves. Warily he urgedhishorse on. The water was up to the saddle- flaps-then a step deeper. The horse, now almost swimming, snorted wildly as the roaring whirling flood creamed around him in the starlight. But, the rider kept him well by the head, and in a trice he emerged panting and dripping on the other side. Saddenly in front from the bush fringing he road there flashed forth a faint epark, as of a man blowing on a burnt stick to lgfhhis pipe. All Renshaw's coolness returned, and gathering up his reins, he prepared to make a dash for it. Then the spark floated straignt towards him, and-he laughed at his fears. It was only a firefly. On still. He would soon be there now. Another drift inthe river-splash-splash-out again-still onward. Suddenly the horse pricked forward his ears and began to snort uneasily. Now for it! Still, it might be only a leopard or a snake. But all doubt was speedily nipped in the hbud by a harsh voice, in Dutch, callion upon him to stop. Peering forward into the darkness he made out two figures - one tall, the other short. They were about a dozen yards in front, and were standing in the middle of the road as though to bar his passage. There was no leaving the road, by reason of the bush which lined itoneitherside in a dense, impenetrable thicket. This was by no means Renshaw Fanning's fiarst experience of more or less deadly peril, as we have isalready shown, and his answerv ing coolnees under such oiroumstanoes was never so consummately in hand as now, when not merely his own life, but the lives of others dearer to him still, were in the balance. His mind was made up in a flBash. " Clear out, or I'll shoot you dead," he answered, in the same language, whipping out his pipe case and presenting it pistol fashion at the shorter of the two men, who was advancing as if to seize his bridle. The resolute attitude, the quick, decisive tone, above all perhaps the oliok, strongly suggestive of cocking, which Rensbaw managed to produce from the spring of the implement, caused the fellow instinctively to jump aside. At the same time came a flash and a stunning report. Something hummed overhead and most unpleasantly near. The other man had deliberately fired at him. Then Rensnaw did the best thing he could under the circumstances. He took the bull by the horns. Ho put his horse straight at his assailant, at the same time wrenching off his stirrup no mean weapon at a push. But the fellow, losing nerve, tried to dodge. In vain. The horse's shoulder hit him fair and sent him Sfloundering to earth; indeed, but for the fact that the animal, frenzied with fright, awerved and tried to hang back, he would have been trampled under foot. Again Renshaw did the best thing he could. Mastering a desire to turn and brain the rnffian before he could rise, he rammed the spra into his horse's flanks and set off down the road at a hard gallop; not, hrwever, Sbefore he was able to - recognise in his assilants a Hottentot and a Bastard. Luckily, too, ftr three more flashes belched forth from the hillside, a little way above the scene of the confliot, but the bullets came nowhere near him. Then upon the still silence of the night he could hear other and deeper tones mmingling with the harsh chatter of his late assailants. There was no mistaking those tones. They isued from Kafir lipe. He had walked into the very midst of the eut throat gang itselt-had come right throngh -it. Then the question arose in his mind, would they purse him He was certain they had no horses, but he had still about four miles -to go, and his own steed was beginning to -show signs of distrese. The Heet-footed bar barians could travel almost as fast on two Jegs as Ioe could on four. They might pursne him ander cover of the bush and converge upon his line of flight at any moment; And then his heart sannk within him ashe thought of a certain steep and very stony hill which fllnlay between him and his journey's end. How his ears were strained; how every faculty was on the alert to almost agonising pitch as, peering back into the silence of the gloom, he strove to catoh the faintest sound which should tellof pursait. ' Up, old horse! Nearly home now I" The dreaded hill was reached. Minutes seemed hours to the rider, till at length its .rest was gained. Then far below in front there twinkled forth a light, and then another. The saght sent a surging rnuh of selief through Reshasw'shbearl. " Thanks be to God and all the blessed and glorious company of Heaven," he murmured reverently ralsitbg hIs hat. l For he knew thai those lighted windows weuld not have shone so peacefully had any red horritio tragedy beeoon there enacted. HIe was yet in time. CHAPTER XV.-TuE MIDsxeou FoE. ,'Why, it's .Rensbaw.!" cried Mrs Sel wod.' who, 'hearing the sonnd of hoofs mingling with the barking of the dogs, had come tothedoor. "We didn't expect you till to- morrow. Well, you're just in time. A few minutes more and we should all have gone to bed. Call Windvogel to take your horse, and come in." " 'll let him run ; he's sabout done up," he answered. removing saddle, bridle and headestall, and turning the animal adrift. " Has your businese fallen through ?" she asked, as he followed her into the passage and closed the door. " It has had to stand over. Come in here, Hilda," leading the way into anemptyroom. "I have something to tell you. Io-never mind the light. The fewer lights shown the better." Then in as few words as possible he told her of the danger which hovered over them. Hilda Selwood came of a good old colonial stock, and was not lacking in nerve. Still, she would not have been a woman had she realised the frightful peril which threatened herself and her children without a shudder. "We must do what we can, Renshaw," she said. "Perhaps they will not attack nus." "'Perhaps' is a sorry word to start cam. paigning upon. What we've got to do is to ensure them as warm a reception as possible if they do. My opinion is that they will, if only than they seem to have been watching the road. I believe they have ascertained by some means or other that Chris is away. WhaL people have you on the farm just now?" "Very few. There's Windvogel and old Jacob and Gomfana That's all." "Windvogel I don't trust. Shouldn't wondcr,iodeed, ii the yellow scoundrel was in leagune with them. Old Jacob has more than ons foot in the grave-he's no good. But Gomfana, though he couldn't hit a haystack with a gun, might make useful play with a chopper it it came to olose quarters. And now, look here," he went on, after a moment's hesitation, "the situation may be deaperate. These seven out-throats are fight ing with a noose round their necks. Every one of their lives is forfeited, and they are a well armed. Now, is there no suggestion you can make towards strengtheningthe garri son ?" " Why, of course, Marian and I both know how to shoot. That makes three of us. And, then, we are under cover." " Well spoken. But I can improve on that idea-if you can bring yourself to agree. Little chaps as they are, Fred and Basil are better shots than either of you, and game to the core." Hilda Selwood gave a gasp. Her two little ones! Why, they weremere bablesbut yester day ! And now she was to be called upon to sanrificethem-to expose them to the peril of desperate confliot which would fully tax the courage of grown men. "I'd rather not, it it could possibly be avoided," she said, at last. "Very well. But I'm much mistaken if the young scamps won't take the matter into their own hands directly they hear a shot fired. Now, how many guns have we ? There's mine-two of Chris's-that makes six barrels, the boys' muszle loaders, ten barrels. Then Chris has a five-shooter-" " He took that with him." - "Did he ? Well, 1 have a six. Altogether weshan'tdo badly. And, now, von had better break the news to Marian and Miss Avory while I slip down to the hbut to rout out Gomfana. And lose no time barricad. ing the windows. Mattresses are the thing for that-almost bulletproof." Armiog himself with a gun and revolver, Renshaw slipped out quietly, and made his way to the huts. Gomfana, like most natives, slept heavily, and took a deal of wakino; and by the time the situation was brought home to his obtuse brain some minutes had been lost. He wsoe a sturdy youngeter of about twenty-a " raw" Kafir that Is to say, one who had never been out of his native kraal, and was stupid and ignorant of European ways. But at the prospeot of a fight he grinned and brightened up. Just as they regained the house a glow asuffused the sky against the mountain top, and a few minutes later a broad balf-moon was sailing high in the heavens. Renshaw hailed its appearance with unbounded sati faction. The two girls had already lit their candles for bed when Mrs Selwood brought the un. welcome news, judiciously emitting the ghastly tragedy which could only horrify without encouraging the hearers. Their method of receiving it was as divergent as their characters. Malrian, though she slightly changed color, remained perfectly cool and collected. Violet, on the other band, turned white as a sheet, and fairly shook with terror. It was all they could do to keep her from going into wild hysterics. "This sort of thing won't do at all, Miss Avory," said Renshaw, entering at that mo ment; his eable recruit hanging back in the doorway. "Why, all you've got to do is to lie down and go to sleep in perfect safety. If we exchange a shot or two that's all it will amount to. Come, now, I should have thought you would have enjoyed tbo excite ment of a real adventure." Violet tried to smile, but it was the mere ghost of a smile. She still shivered and shook. And eonshaw Jimeolf seemed changed. None of the difident lover about him now. Be seemed in his element at the prospect of peril. In'the midst of her fears Violet remembered Marian's eulogies on-his coolness and resource in an emergency. The recollection quieted her, and she looked upon him with unbounded respect. Then she noted Marian's calm and resolute demeanor, and even fancied that the look of the latter was expressive of something like contempt wherein she was mistaken, but the idea acted as a tontoic to brace her nerves. Having seen to the firearms and ammuni tion, and cautioned the women to remain where they were iand allow nomorelight to be seen than they could help, P.eushaw went the roundof the house. Ellie seed the two little ones were sleeping soundly, so also were the two boys. Opening thodoor, he looked cau. tiously out. All was ethll. He had decided that the four crner~rooms should be the points of defence, and the windows, acoordingly, were not barricaded. The others were rendered secnre by fixing against each a couple of mattresses. Then he went baok to the indies. The honse was now all in darkness, but the moonlight streaming in above the protecting mattresses gave estilolent light for all per poses. "Now, good people," he said, cheerily, "you may all go to bed. I'll call you when I want you. I'm going to watch at one corner, and Gomfana will take the other. Thoro'll be. no catching os napping. le sides, the dogs will raise the most awful abilosio if anyone heaves in sight." ShakedownE had been improvised on the floor with rugs and pillows. In great meaurser, reassured bts Marlan's unconcern, Violet consented to lio down. rse Selwood betook herself to her children's rcom. The moon mounted higher and higher to the zenith, flooding the land with an eerie and chustened half light. The monotonous chirrop of the tree-frog, the shrill baying of a pair of hunting jackalls, the ocoasionacory of a nightbird mournfully echoing from the mounritain side, floated to the watcher's ear. Unremitting in his vigilance, Renshaw moved silently from room to room, his un erring eye ecanniog the ground at every point, and keeping his cable lieutenant up to the mark, lest that worthy should be tempted to doze. But Gomfana, who was armed with an axe and some assegais taken from a wall trophy, was rather thirsting for the en counter than otherwise. Some hundred and fifty yards from the main dwelling was a large outhouse blook, comprising stables, waggon shed, shearing house, etc. On this point Renshaw's atten tion was mainly concenoutrated. He felt sure that the misoreants would take advantage of the shadow of this building to creep up as near as they could. Another point that needed watching was the thick quince hedge which skirted the garden, and which now afforded a shade congenial to the assailants' movements. Nothing is more trying to the nerves than a lonely nocturnal vigil. Most men, brave enough in actual danger, would have felt the "oreepy" effect of those silent hours as they strained their eyes upon the surrounding veldt, now construing a shadow into an enemy-now hearing a whisper of voices the tread of a stealthy footstep-in the vary ing and spectral sounds of the night. But Rcnishaw a solitary and wandering life had inared him to these things. His chief con siderations were, firstly, lest the drowsy feel ing which he was doing his utmost to combat should tend to dim his vigilance; secondly, the stilling of his cravingefor just one care fully guarded pipe, Suddenly thie faintest possible creak of a footfall on the floor behind him. -He turned like lightning. " Its only me," whispered a soft voice. Anda tall figure approached in thegloom. " Marian ! Why are you not lying down with the rest ?" "They're all asleep now, even Violet. Look, Ibrought you some sandwiches. You hardly ate anything when you came in. You set to work upon them at once, and I'11 mount sentry while you are having supper." " How good of you," he said, taking the plate from her, and also the glass of brandy and water which she had mixed for him. "V Why, what have you there? A shootingiron " "Of course. You don't suppose I was going to leave my gun behind when we are in a state of siege, do you ?" She carried adouble-barrelled breechloader -rifle and shot cartridge- and there was a warrior flash In her eyes visible in the moon light, which told that she meant to use it, too, if occasion required. " It is very lonely for you,. watching all by yourself," she continuca. "I thought I would come and keep you company." " So like you again. But look here, Marian, dear. You must not be exposed to danger. Single-handed I can make such an example of the schepsels that they'll probably turn and ran. Still, they might let fly a shot or two. You will go baot to the others if I ask you-will you not ?" Her heart thrilled tumultuously within her. In the darkness she need be at no pains to conceal the tell.tale expression of her face. Ah, but-his tones, though affectionate, were merely brotherly. That might be,. but, still, whatever peril he might undergo it should be her privilege to share it-her sweet privilege -and she would share it. "No; I will not," she answered, de cisively. "I can be as cool as anyone living, man or woman. Feel my hand; there is not a tremble in it" And her fingers closed round his in a firm steady clasp, in which there was nothing nervous, nothing spas medic. "I believe you can," he answered, " but I was thinking of your safety." " My safety !" she interrupted. Then in a different tone, "How do you suppose they'll come, Renshaw P. Walk openly to the house or try to creep up In the shado 2" "The last. You see they showed their hand by tackling me upon the road. Yet, they may think I've turned in and bothered no more about it. Hallo!" "What is it?" "I could have sworn I heard something. I'vPe got long ears-like a donkey, you will say." aBoth listened intently, the woman with less eagerness less anxiety than the man. There was a kind of exaltation about Iearian to-night. Her nerves were as firm as those of her male companion himself; and the cer tainty of a bloody conflict was to her, in her then frame of mind, a mere matter of detail. " Ah! I thought I was right." he went on, as a premonitory "woof" from one of the dogs lying around the house was followed by a general uprising and clamor on the part of the whole lot. Then, baying savagely, they started off in full charge in the direotion of the dark line of shade thrown by the willows fringing the dam, and on the oppo site side to that watched by Renshaw and his companion. "Marisan, just go to the other aide and look if you can see anything. You won't, I know; but, still, there's no harm in making sure." She obeyed. From that side of the house nothing was visible except a long stretch of sickly moonlight and the line of trees. But the dogs had disappeared within the shade of the latter, and were raising a olamor that was truly infernal They seemed to be holding something or somebody In cheek. Then she returned to her former post. "There's nothing there," she said, "at present. Ah!" Three shadowy figures were flitting round the angle of the oathouse block above men. tioned. They gained the shade thrown by the front of it-corouched and waited. " Fero they are," whispered Reoshaw, under his breath. " 1 was up to that dodge. One fellow was told off to draw off the doge, while these jokers sneaked up in the opposite direction. Look-here come the rest." Two more figures followed the first-then another. All were now cronching in the shadow of the outhonees. Still the yelling clamor of ths degs sounded distant on the other side, kept up with unabated fury. CHAPTER XVI.-scZ noorr o i TanTAn. " Now, ladian," whispered Renshaw. " This is going to be a life and death business, reinember. It's them or ourcelves. You are sure you have no womanish qualms in favor of ' giving them a ohanc,' or any madness of that kindP" "Yoe willsee t" was the curt reply, and the tone was enffoieot. "All right. When I say 'Now,' you most let into the fellow I'll point out to you. Use yourshot barrel, remember. I'n going to let them get quite close, and we'll give thema heavy eharge of loopers episeo. Then, if we getsa show, we'll followit up with ride practice." She whispered assent, and for some moments they atraiced their eyes upon the shade of the out-baidings. huddenly one dark figure flitted noiselessly out, fol lowed by another and another, till the whole gang were full in sight, edvancing in a diagonal klne. ' Kleep cool. Marian, keep cool," warned Renshaw. "Wait for the word. They are not nearly close enough yet." On came the six cut-throats. Two black men led- then a bestiallookmg undersized Bushman Hottentot; his hideous yellow fsoo, repulsivo in the moonlight, oruel, ape like; his eyes rolling in eaegr, ferocioos expectation of the sanguinary orgy which awaited. The other three were balf-bloods. Five of them earried gune, the sixth a pistol. Again Rensbas had done the very bass thing he could, in shaping the plan we haveheard him lay down. On they came. Once the leader raised his hand, and all stopped, Iletening intently. The wild clamor of the dogs still arose it the distance. Reaseured, the scoundrels ad vanoed, swiftly. noioeoassly. Seventy-eixty -thify-forty yards. " Ready, Marican Take the third fellow Now!" Crash! Crash I The donble reperr bellowed forth into the maidnigit stilines,. Mingling with it came a horrid scream. Marian's aim had boen true and deadly. The leader of the gang a stal wart Kafir, had made one leap into the air and bad fallen forward on his face. He lay motionless. Again Renshaw drew trigger bringing a third man to the grass, his knee bone shattered. Then the unexpected took place. Instead of seeking safety min headlong flight, as the defenders had reckoned, the surviving three rushed madly round to the other side of the honse,, a bullet from Renshaw's esik shooter failing to stop them. " Stay here, Marian," whisperdd the latter, hurriedly. "Draw on the firet fellow who shows himself." And in a trice he was round to meet the new attack. What was this? No sign of the enemy. Had they fled? Soddenly a crash of glass-a souffle and a torrent of Dutch euress. Quickly the position stood revealed. There stood Gemfana, holding on to a human figluro which was half in and half out of the window- head and ahoulders through the shattered seah. He had got the fellow firmly by the neak with one hand, while with the other he was strivint all he knew to drag him in by his clothing. But the villain-a stalwart half-breed-was almost too much for the sturdy young Kafir. T'he latter would have assegaled hinm, in a moment had he owned three hands. Having but two, however, and these two being re quired to hold on to his enemy, it was oat of the question-bat hold on he did. "Stop struggline or I'll shoot you dead i" said Renshaw, in Dutch, placing the muzzle of his pistol against the man's body. The fellow, thoroughly towed, obeyed, and Gom fana, with a final effort, hauled him bodily into the room, amid a terrific shatter of falling glass. " What on earth's the row, Uncle Ren shaw ?" said a boy's voice. " Fred, cut away andfind a reim." (Rope is little used in South Africa, its place being supplied by raw hide thongs, termed as above). "Sharp's the word-mind." In a twinkling theyougeter was back with the required article, and almost as quickly Renshaw's ready hand had strapped up the midnight robber so that the latter could not move a limb. Now, all this had happened in far less time than it has taken to narrate. (TO Do CONTINUED.) 