COUNT TOLSTOI ON HIMSELF AND IBSEN. Oscar Blumenthal, German playwright, am manager of tho Lessing Theatre in Borlin, recent!] returned thoro from a professional trip which hi lately took to Moscow, and has contributed to Chi Merlin Courier an interesting account of a visi whioh ho paid to Count Tolstoi before quitting thi nneient capital ci tho Tsars. On reaching thi Count's rasideneo in Moscow, where he gonoralij contrives t«. t tho winter on account of hil wifo and ci^..ren, Herr Blumenthal was some' what taken aback, after nil the nscotio thin gi he had heard and road about tho authoi i of tho " Kreutzer Sonata," to find that his care was taken by a footman in blaok livery, wh< I reminded him moro of tho customs of an emboss; thau of thoso of a philosopher's cell, which ho hoc expected to soo. But tho oxplanation was thal tho Count is alway« willing to placo .within th( reach of his family-tho youngest member ol which is not yot out of his short clothes- all those social pleasures of a city life whioh tho philosopher poet himself so rigidly csohows. After nomo con- versation about his own " Grosso Glocko," which he hud gouo to Moscow to soe produced, Hen Blumenthal said to tho Count : " You take such a livoly interest, Herr Graf, in tho literary activity of us Germans that I ven- turo to ask whother you are ever likely to como tc our new Borlin and soo something; of tho manifold aspects of its intellectual lifo ? 'I i Tolstoi shook his bead. " No, oortainly not," ho replied. " For with I tho wiso mau of India, I hold it to bo one of thc seven deadly sins which a maa can commie against himself-this needless travelling about. No, I shall novor again loave Russia." i " Well, you would at least in Berlin meet with a very largo circle of friends and admirers. Your j ' Anna Karcnnia ' is ono of tho books whioh all of us have rood, while your dramas ' Tho Power of Darkness ' and ' Tho Iruita of Enlighten- ment ' have been brought out in Berlin." " With what success ? " " Well, on account of its specifically Russian odour, your comedy was a littlo coldly received, whilo on tho other hand your ' Power of Dark- ness ' produoed a rather dopressing, but at tho same timo un irresistiblo effect. May I ask j whother wo of tho modern stago may yet expect another of your creations ? " " Well, for many years I have boon meditating a drama, to whioh I havo given my whole heart ; und both the pieces you havo roierrod to wero nothing but preliminary studies for this still unwritten drama to the end that I might acquaint myself with tho art of dramatio form. I shall probably, howover, dio before completing this now work. I must, first of ol], have dono with things begun in former years, and, above all, I must bo free from tho cares of oxistenoe before I can devoto mvBolf to this fresh creation." " Will tho subject bo a purely Russian ono?" i " No, a cosmopolitan subject." "Taken from the lifo of tho people like your two other dromas P " " Ko, out of tho social lifo of the capital. Tho piooo will embody my personal confessions, my conlljots, my faith, my sufferings-everything that is nearest my heart. And, for the matter of that, I am loth to look for anything else in the works of all true artists. I lovo not the oold objectivity which we (artists) aro told to culti- vate ; and whon I see how all theso personal elementa aro kept out of many a modora work of art, and how tho artist only aims at a coldly correct treatment of tho mere form of tho matter, I om always reminded of a painting in one of tho rooms of the Tritikotf col- lection hero in Moscow. This represents a fet- tered woman of tho old faith in tho aot of being dragged throngh tho streets and pelted by the mob. I once askod tho painter of this why ho hod chosen the sufferings of this martyr as tho subject of a pioturo. Was it because ho himself shared tho samo creed P ' No,' replied the artist. 'Well, then,' Baid I, ' why don't yon depiot tho belief which you yonrself hold, instead of thus giving sbupe to that of another?' And that is preoisoly what I should so often like to ask our modern poota. No work will ovor enthral my offort into which I cannot put the feelings of my own heart. But toll mo, what impression did tho latest works of Henrik Ibsen moko on you-' Hedda Gablor,' for example, and ' Master Builder Solness '? " " Well, to bo porfectly honest with you, Herr Graf, I had thom put upon my own stage without thoroughly understanding thom ; and I almost carno to tho conclusion that Meister Ibsen had caused thoso mysterious productions of his tobe thus published in tho hope, porhaps, of learning from his critics what his own meaning actually was." " Yes," assented Tolstoi, " it is this want of clearnoss whioh has also put mo out of humour with Ibsen's works" (a remark which some may regard as a curions instance of tho kottlo crying black face to tho pot). " I havo v2ad Ibson's ' Wild Duck ' as well as his ' Ghosts,' and I caunot understand tho popularity and suç- otas whioh this author has ucbiovod. Porlmps tho translation was partly to blame for this, and what a faulty translation can do in this respect I havo, nias, hod cause enough to experience myself. As for my own translators, I can testify that thoy are acquainted with Russian, but not, I fear, that thoy know German (as woll as English). Tho ' Kreutzer Sonata,' in ita Gorman version, seemed to mo to havo lost all tho peculiar flavour of its mood and moaning." "But tell mo, Couut, is it truo that this work is still forbidden in Russia P" " Only in its separate form, but it is included in tho collected edition of my works. For tho wis- dom of our consor (liko tho ways of God) ' is simply inscrutable.' " ' ' I trust, at least, that wo shall soon have tho pleasure of sooing in their completed form tho works whioh I soo from your tablo yon aro now occupied with, especially tho cosmopolitan drama whioh you talked of anon." " No ono wishes that half so oarnostly as I do ; but believe mo that I shall dio before completing them," and with thoso ominous words the Count dismissed his Gorman-Jewish visitor, who. on conteroplatlnc when ho got homo the portrait of himself whioh the Count presented him as a souvenir of their meeting, felt inclined to repoat the words of Kent to Lear, ' ' You have that iu your countenance that Iwonld fain call master." Prof. Mus Mullor has teon regrettins that " tho luxury and beauty of acholarly leisnro ' at tho Universities havo passed away for over. " Il is quantity to- day rather than quality I fear," h< said to an interviewer of tho Quiter. " Tho tutor! become teachers far too young, and thoy work sc hard that they have no time to look to thc right or tho loft; sud what ia life if not a continually glancing fo tho right and left ? They give themselves no timo to develop. Thoy take n good first-class nnd then give out what they have learnt, as teachers. This en- genders tho monoy-making spirit. I havo no word to sayo gainst it, but it all fells on the spirit of the University." Tho present system of constant ex- aminations finds no favour with Professor llnx Müller. "Thoy stunt our young men," ho said; " thoy have no timo or opportunity to bo idle. Now, do you know, ¡Ms my iola friends,'' he added, "who have become distinguished mon in later life. I hohevo in cultured idleness. It gives a man timo to read for himself. But look at Sieso examinations ; why, a man knows exactly what ho has to read frequently to tho very page. Ton don't call that study." Tho professor confessed that at first ho had hoon opposed to tho girls' colleges, but thoy are. he «aid, a great SUCCCBS, " and it ÍB a real pleasure to mo to see tho young girls so eager to loam. Young men do as httlo as thoy can, young women do as. much as they can ; too much, indeed. Abrain, thov work more systematically and thoir knowlodgo is liotter arranged. It tends wonderfully to tho improvomeat of tho whola of thoir character. I wish the mon could . bo shamed and spurred on to further uffbrt. Indeed," he added, laughing outright, " a friend of mino and his wife went in for tho same examination. Sho took a ilrat-elass, ho only a second." Professor Max Muller, however, thinks nothing tangible comes of j all the labours of f be girls, whilst if only they could I got f ollowships thoy might do good work. I TO ATHLETES. : BOSISTO'S 'TAlîROl' BRAND" EUCALYPTUS Ott Cures Rheumatism, Sprains, Bruises, strengthens tho Muscles and prevent* Chill«. Footballers, Harriers, and Athletes in every branch of sport Hud BosUto'a " Parrot Brand " Eucalyptus Oil the best of all embrocations. All Chemists, lt.-(Anvr.J 