GRAVE AND GAY. Eittle GKrl— ‘ You bad cat, where’s my j bird r Oat—11 Oh, he’s just gono inside.” i Excused.—Mother—" Good gracious I , Ho .v did you get so muddy P” Small Son —“ Bunnin' home to see if there was any thing you wanted me to do." Johnny—“ Mamma, my toes are not as „ w 88 Ieather> “0 they P” Mamma— "No,Johnny.” Johnny—"Then, mamma, how do they wear themselves through my shoes V * ‘‘ Es, is generals brave men P” asked “™y °t his father. “ Yes, my son, as a role, ’ was the answer. “ Then why does artists always make pictures of ’em stand ing on a hill three miles away, looking at the battle through an opera- glass ?” Philosopher—" It is a little singular that nearly all these Anarchists are men of some education. Not one is really ignorant. All went to school.” Small Eoy—" 1 guess mebbe they learned to make bombs so’s to throw them at the mens wot wrote the 'rithmetica. ” " Joe,” said she, reading, “ this paper Mys that out in Oregon they , have just discovered foot-prints three feet long, sup-'.: posed to belong to a lost race." *• I don’t see how a race of people that made foot prints thret feet long could ever get lost,” he replied. ’ Uncle Joshua—“These city people have mighty polite manners, Maria.” His wife —"How soP” “Just let a couple of fellers have my watch that they offered to go and get regulated free gratis. They’re to bring it back to me at the hotel.” “ Is that a new rug your mamma hai, Bobby P” asked Mrs Von Blumer of the youthful Bings. "No," said Bobby; “that's one she brought in from the other room. But you muetn’t take it up.” " Why not P” " ’Cause there’s a hole in the carpet.” Dog Fancier—"Yes, madam, I have all kinds of dogs here. Is there any particular breed you wishP" Old lady (who reads the paper)—" Oh, anything that’s fashion able. Let me see an ocoan greyhound.” “ I’ve quit asking people if my bonnet is on straight ” " Why. my dear P” asked her husband. "I love you too much, John, to disgrace you by calling any body’s attention to an old bonnet like this." Flitterly (to wife who has just returned from meeting of Bewing circle)—“Well, did you find anything to talk about P” Mrs Flitterly—" Lots 1 Not half the members were there.” " I want to see the head of the house,” said a pedlar to Mrs Darley, who had answered the ring. " I am sorry,” she replied, as she gently closed the door," but baby is asleep just now.’’ 11 Awfully sorry I’m so late dear. Been detained on basineis with Teddy Nswcombe all the evening,” said the husband. “ Yes, darling. Mr Nswcombe has bes* waiting hrrs for you since ciag o’clock,” replied hiB wife. 1 Doctor Emdae hss sued us for libel,” said the editor. “What for?” asked hii asiiitant. “I wrote ‘The doctor took the patient's pulse b if ora he preicribed for him,’ and the intelligent compositor set it up ‘‘Jnbs'in made qiite a hit when he made hiB first appearance on the stage.” “ What was his part f ” “ The ghost in Hamlet. He appeared five miausrs ahead of time, and the effect of H&mlet; was. very fine.” Draggiat—"Yes, madam, I remember very well your buying a stamp.” Lady— "Well, I put it on a very important letter and posted it. It has not been received. I want you to understand that I shall buy my stamps elsewhere if this occurs again." Doctor—“ Have yon followed my advice in regard to eating plain food and keeping quiet at home P” Patient—" That’s all I’ve been able to do since you Bent in your bill.” 