Sir. J. M. Toohey's Cmiili<lnture forTimwiirlh. , Ma. J. M. TOOHE.Y addressed a large" meeting at tho Tain worth Olympic Hall on. Wedueadity eveuiug, the Mayor presiding.' . Mr. Toohey said he came to fight Sir George Dihba, and to drive him out of publio life." He declared that boldly aud manfully. Where was Sir George; Dibbs' . backbone ? It was not at West Sydney,"nor at Murrumbidgee, nor' at' T«mworth.' , The Premier,' who h'aii rievoratpod twice for the same constituency, had outraged' the'constituency and betrayed protection. (A' Voice : " We've only your , word for that.*') He (Mr. Toohey) in coming to Tamwortn. had been accused of being, aotuatedby spite. (A Voice : "To wash yourdirtylinen.") He had no personal spite againat the Premier, whose private character was beyond reproach, but he opposed Sir George Dibbs for the great wrongs bo had inflioted on the country. If that was' Bpite, than he was actuated by spite. ' The Premier, in his address on Monday night, 'said that the Government was only able to pass' two measures, the Electoral Act,' which he (Mr. Toohey) contended .contained difficulties that would make it inoperative, and the emasculated Mining ou i Private Property - Act; . If sthe Government could not: paBS measures;'- what right bad they to retaiu power to draw their salaries 1 : Sir George Dibbs had resurrected'.the ' Local Government Bill, whichhad been before Parliament for the last 14 years,' half.of'which' time Sir George Dibbs himself had'been in office but had never attempted topuaa the bill. .The Premier now asked for,'another, threeVyuar's lease of power; but what guarantee hut they that ho would redeem his .promise }. The Governuia.it had tricked Parliament last "December, by s a proclamation proroguing the . House, > and had tricked thom again over the dissolution.': Mr. Toohey condemned the village settlement clause in the Government Land Bill," as an'attempt to legislate for one ! section' of the "community instead of for the whole people. It ,,was - a splendid thing to be .Premier of the colony, 'and to make promises, but it was another, thing,,to keop them. Sir George Dibbs'broken, promises could only be taken as the. value to be put upon hia public utteranoeB. < Where.were.the 11 meas ures which the Premier hud promised when he took oifice ? He (Mr. Toohey) promised; if' elected, to endeavour to put a tax on the unim proved land values, "That wasthe- acme/of; legislation. Sir George Dibba ph Monday'night said, that he would again 'take £1000 to "go to Ermland, if neceaaary, claiming that.byhia action he had obtained four millions of money, which had ' been spent.* in wages. ,: He (Mr.: Toohey) asked if there had been more employment for the people since Sir George came back. (A Voice : "No, less.") Then where had the moneys gone f Sir George Dibbs before1'going away told the other colonies that he'was'going-to England about the. silver; currency. " He kue'w no more about the silver ' currency than 'his' spectacles did. , They should; stop borrowing. There was no need to go for money to England. (A Voice : " You go there for,your malt.") If the Government would 'take the duty off beer and put it on malt .and, hops he guaranteed to employ another 2000 men within two years. The tariff of the present' Government < nly des troyed protection. Sir George Dibba said he was going to establish a, sinking fund. There had always been deficiencies in the'revenue. Where were they going to establish a sinking fund except by further borrowing P Sir George Dibbs showed that he knew nothing about the new land bill. If he had been conversant with its provisions he would not have had to read them by the light of . a tallow candle when speaking on Monday night. Federation was another resurrected ghost. The probability waa that Sir George Dibbs would not contest Tam worth at all. A canvass waa now being made for him at' Inverell, but wherever Sir George Dibbs decided to go he (Mr. Toohey) would follow. ' At .the close of the meeting a1 vote of confi dence was declared carried unanimously. Sir George Dibbs"has since given'a denial in most positive terms to the statement made by Mr. Toohey that he intends to go to Inverell. 