The Baronet's Daughter. chapter v: "i had a son." They had much to say to each other, these old friends — they had been apart so many years since the days when, happy boys from Eton, they had made the old woods ot Charteris echo back their laughter. They had seen strange lands, they had lived strange lives since then, and in each man's heart were buried joys and woes too deep for speech. So, though they had much to say, they said little, but through the old familiar pathway went, no laughter on their lips, no lightness in their hearts — further apart than when to gether they had ' leaped the rainbow of the brooks,' as divided as when oceans rolled between them. Without sympathy there is no union, ' Phil,' Mark said, suddenly, ' how much Cecil resembles her mother !' 'Yes,' — the grave voice trembling a little. ' Poor Lilian !' Did you ever know, Charteris, that I — puff, puff— once Imagined myself in love with Lilian ? 'You 1' My dear boy, don't get indignant. Positively, I ! But she was Lilian Laurence then. Yes' — meditatively tak ing out his cigar and looking dreamingly into space — ' I wrote her a pound of love- ' letters, half a dozn sonnet's and laid Myrtle Manor and its prospective titular perquisite at her dainty feet. ' ' How was it, Westwood ? I never knew!' 'Of course not. I was older than you. I came home with all my blushing honours thick upon me, four years before you did. But though I had a fair start and the inside track, my lady would have none of nie. She sent me back my love- letters , she laughed at my verses ; she declined Myrtle Manor and its master, with thanks. I didn't blame her much, even at my sorest. I guessed she was watting for you, and I knew I never had a chance with you in the field ; so I lived it down. Easy work I found it' — with a strange laugh. ' But you never married, Westwood. That has always beer a puzzle to me. Such a good-heat ted, hot-headed fellow as you used to be — a lady's-man too.' The man addressed laughed again — that queer, bitter laugh, and flung his cigar into the brushwood. ' Didn't I ? How sure you are ! ' 'Mark!' 'I believe his saanic majesty has taicen possession of me to-night. I am willing — aye, more, anxious — to unravel your puzzle to your complete satisfaction.' Sir Philip answered never a word. He knew his friend of old, and felt assured that silence was now the safest course to be pursued. Westwood caught his hands behind his back, bad continued his slow, methodical tramp. ' Yes, I did it ! ' he burst out, at last. ' I took the fatal leap in the dark, Phil, that every fool takes once in his life. What is it your transatlantic philosopher, Emerson, says ? ' We should be as courteous to a man as we are to a picture, which we are willing to give the advantage of a good light.' Give me the advantage of a good light, while I tell you the story of my mad marriage.' Jove' — with a long-drawn breath — ' this is a stunner, Mark ! ' ' Hold on, Charteris ! ' — with another short, bitter laugh. ' The skeleton in my own particular closet is as anxious to ex hibit itself to-night as the ghost of Ham- lat's father. Here is the whole wretched story of all that has soured and embitter ed me before my time, briefly told. I would not speak of it to-night, Phil, but that — well, a man can't smother all con fidence. He must talk to some one some times.' _ ' Oh, but hang it, old boy, don't get sen timental ! Have another cigar ! If your matrimonial venture was a failure it pains you to speak of, don't mention it — don't speak of it — that is all 1 ' 'Well, that is hardly the word either, Phil. Here goes ! ' No sound for awhile save that of their steady tramp. Then Westwood spoke, his words low and terse : I The night Lilian gave me back my letters — not one of which had ever been answered, remember — she said to me : There is one letter here, Mark, in which you write that if ever I should need you, you would come to me. As a friend, I thank you ; as a friend, I promise you that if ever I long for a brother's aid, I will remind you of your word.' And then she said, in that wistful, dreamy way of hers : ' Do you know I have a strange presentiment that some day it will come to pass ? ' That very night I went up to London. I plunged in its fierce whir - pool ot folly ; my Jays and nights were One round ot dissipation. At (the very hour when I was casting lightly by all honour and manliness, there came to me the curse and blessing of my life. 'Your— wile?' | « My v if.- ' It FiOiu lite diauut drawing-reem came the music of the brilliant galop Leslie was j playing. | 'One night,' Mark went on, in his low, grave way — 'one wretched, dreary, rainy night — I found myselt in a quiet, half-de serted street. Across the way I noticed a ilttle child standing on a doorstep, He was looking eagerly down in the direction from which I had come. ' Suddenly, with a shout of joy, he hur ried down the steps and toddled across the road, and at the same moment up the street, like a thing gone mad, came a run away horse. ' Over the baby's unconscious laugh, over the thud of the horse's hoofs, over the clatter of the swaying vehicle behind, rose a cry — oh, heaven, such an agonized, fearful cry ! ? ' One bound, and I had reached the cen tre of the street, I had clutched the child's bright dress, I had thrust it out of danger. My next remembrance is of waking in a strange house, of seeing a strange face bent over mc — a face which, from that hour, was to me the sweetest the wide world held. ' She was an orphan — a music teacher — poor, but proud as poor. The little one I had saved ,was her brother. She was immediately behind me, and he, waiting for her on the doorstep, had hurried to meet her as she came in sight. ' I was a changed man from that hour. My old haunts knew me no more. One hope, one ambition, grew strong within me — the desire to make the woman fate had flung in my pathway my wife. She was all that a woman could be — fair in face, beautiful in soul, grandly simple in dignity and life. ' Great heaven, how I loved her! My former fancied afiection for Lilian flickered and died out before the blaze of this fierce, strong passion, which has burned life's best energies to ashes, and — is living still.' Sir Philip said never a word. It was all so new, so strange — so wonderfully strange to him. ' I told her everything — my name, posi tion, prospects — all except the story of my boyish infatuation — that, it would have seemed dislovaltv to her to sneak of. ' She was more frank with me. She told t me she had had a lover, to whom, how- i ever, she was and had been most tho- t roughly indifferent. She showed me his 3 picture in the album. His name was 1 Murdock Leonard. I saw him once only, 1 From all I heard of the fellow in other quarters, he must have been a very Iago j of craft and rascality. ! ' Well, I married her in all honour, in all love, but in secrecy ; tor I knew how i old Jasper Westwood — then on his death- i bed, as he imagined — would oppose the match. ' ' While my friends thought me a rover in foreign lands, was living my happy, ! peaceful life in a little German town on the Rhine. Could I have foreseen at the time of my marriage how long we were to be exiles from home, I would have then and there braved all family and social wrath by announcing it publicly. ' When three or four years had passed, and the bed-ridden earl began to show signs of recovery, I said to Geraldine : 1 We will go back, come what may.' 'But she would always cry out in ans wer, like a woman : ' Why should we go when we are so happy here ? And there,' she would say , laughingly, 'you would have so many old claims and friends you would not seem so wholly mine.' ' And so seven years went by. And there, one year after m> marriage, my son was born. We called him after his mother — Gerald Desmond Westwood.' ' Your son ! You have a son ? ' For one moment there was dead silence. Then Mark Westwood answered him, in 1 a strange, choked voice. ' I had a son ! ' he said. chapter ',vi. a leaf from the past. And then he lifted his head, with a re solute gesture, and went on with his story: ' One splendid summer morning there came to me from my bankers a package of English letters. One black-bordered letter containing the news of the earl's death. I told my wife. Later, reading the rest of my letteis, I opened one en velope and paused amazed. ' Like a flash, Lilian's words came to me, ' If ever I need a brother's aid — and I have a presentiment that some day I shall — I will send for you.' ' This missive, a telegram, bore but one word — ' Come 1 ' — and was signed. Lil ian.' ' That hour I left home. I ca ne straight to Myrtle Manor, reported myself, and drove immediately to Castle Chaiteris. Lilian, then two years your wife, came down to meet me. What she said to me you know.' ' Ay, I know,' Sir Philip said, huskily. ' It is a wretched story from first to last. She told you that in a visit to Monaco the year before my marriage, I formed the ac quaintance of a young fellow of French descent, the Baron de )Gavello . He was a gambler, but what crime is that |in the eyes of a boy ? A few times we played at rouge-et-noir together, and it awoke in me a passion, the existence of which I had not before dreamed — the love of hazard, the delirium of play. My heavy losses I Scarcely heeded, for excitement is oftener than gain the gambler's incentive. A few months before the — the time you speak of, he appeared at Castle Chrrteris. He was young, handsome, dressed like a Brum- mel, was an unerring shot, and the best waltzer in the country. So he won all hearts, from the stable-boys upward, with but one exception — the exception was Lilian. I called her dislike prejudice, and strove to laugh it away. She told you that ? ' ' Yes ; and how, little by little, the old fascination overcame you, till many a 1 night you only thrust aside the cards as the new day was breaking.' j 'Well, suddenly he announced his in- j icntion of going to London on important j business, and asked me to go with him. j I, having matters there which required my attention, assented and went. Then she sent for you.' 'Yes; but sent, supposing I was in London, The message was flashed over the wires to me in Germany. She told me when I came, that I was the only one she could trust with her fears for your safety, her distrust of your friend, her miserable forebodings.' 'Yes,' Philip said, sadly ; 'she seemed to forsee it all. The very inornirg of the day I went away she came up to me and clasped her arms atound my neck. 'Philip,' she cried, ' don't go. My heart is filled with forebodings, dear.' She was delicate, and I did not like to thwart her, but surely these were childish fancies. I remember how I took the white, wistful face in my hands and kissed iUjjSJ' Dear heart,' I said, ' how nervous you are growing ! I must see Black about the Wellelyn meadow land sooner or later. Little woman mine, be not susp icious.' But' — breaking off abruptly — 'go on, Mark. You were telling your story. Do not merge it into mine.' ' I went straightway on the mission she sent me. I took the first train to London. Half-way there was a collision, which de- , layed me unavoidably several hours. At two in the morning I reached the city. I jumped into a cab and drove to your hotel. They told me a telegram had pre ceded me a few hours, on receipt of which you had gone. ' I was tired out. I ordered a room, and went upstairs. In one of the corridors a man was walking rapidly up and down. Under a brilUa.it jet of gas I met him face to face. Wherever he had formerly seen me I know not ; but I could see by his stait of recognition that I was no stranger to him. My memory for faces is almost invariably unerring. His was that of the man whose picture Geraldine had shown me — her lover, Murdock Leonard 1 ' We exchanged no words, only that startled glance of recognition. Then he :ontinued his excited walk, and 1 went to ny rootn. I wondered what was up with :he fellow, what had brought him back to England, and there at that hour. All :hrough the dawning his fair, smooth, hateful face broke my slumbeis. ' The next day, knowing that you had gone to Lilian, I went down into Devon shire to wind up my uncle's affairs. ' Arrived there, I glanced through the daily papersj and the first paragraph that caught my eye was the announcement of the birth of a daughter to Lilian, Lady Charteris. And in the very same column, further down, the death of Lilian, Lady Charteris. ' I was stunned and shocked. Late that night I rose from my sleepless bed, and went cut into the demesne. Walking slowly under the trees, my foot falls noise less on the soft grass, I heard a sudden report, I felt a stinging pain in my shoul der, and then I fell, bleeding and uncon scious. The stray bullet of a poacher had found a target. ' The wound was far more serious than was at first supposed, and for weeks 1 lay delirious. At last, slowly but feebly as a child, I began to recover. My first thoughts were of my wife, I asked my attendant the date, and when they had told me, I counted laboriously. Mental labour was no small task to me now, but atbst I dis covered that this was the ninth week of my absence from home. ' What would she think ? What would she do ? I must go to her at once. But my fierce excitement of baste and energy brought on a relapse of burning, babbling fever. It was almost three months from the day I left home that I stood again, a sha dow of my former self, in the station of the little German town. I found my way to the dear little home. I pushed open the garden gate, and went up the narrow path. The servant admitted me, and I rushed by her like a whirlwind. Where is your mistress ? I cried, eager and happy, and exultant as a child. My mistress ? the girl said. She is gone. This house is rented to other people — fur nished as you had it. I live on with them. Oh, yes, my mistress she went away with a gentleman, Mr. Leonard, and she took with her her little brother and baby Des mond. She left a letter to give you if you should ever come back. Mr. Leonard brought it to me. My friend, I will not sadden you with my misery. 1 At one |blow the solid earth seemed struck from beneath my feet — at one wrench, heaven torn from my grasp. I read the letter, standing there with the walls whirling and closing round me and my brain a thing of fire. What did the written words tell me ? What ? Only that she was false. That she had left me for her old lover, Murdock Leonard. That she had married me for position, and had tried in vain to endure life with me. That for love's sake she had fled with him whom she had professed to hate. That it would be useless to try and trace her, for nevermore would she bear my name. And that was all. I believed the foul words. I must have been mad ! For when reason resumed her sway, my heart's conviction told me truth could not err, and that the note I had read was but a link in the chain of a cursed conspiracy. But I swore to find my child. So for eleven jears I travelled from town to town, from city to city. I kept sharp de tectives at work. Sometimes a clue buoy ed me up for a week, the loss of which plunged me in despair for months. My health broke down completely under the strain. One thing I heard positively at last : She was dead, my lost love, my life's love \--false or true I' Mark Westwood paused suddenly in his recital. A great sob shook his frame. Don't, Mark ! Charteris said, gently. From the bright house beyond the music surged, gay and triumphant. Weil — Westwood raised his head reso- ! lutely, and spoke with an effort — the bo>-s, her brother, and my son, were traced to a little town in California — hardly that, a village rather, or at least a good-sized camp. Here they had separated. He who remained, my son, formed a Quixotic friendship with an adventurer — a scoun drel living at the place, by the name of Dick Dalton — Good heavens, Charteris, whet's the matter? Nothing — nothing ! Sir Philip put his hand to his side. Only a spasm of my old pain, that will carry me off some day. Go on, Mark. There is not much more to tell. The boy worked hard for two years, with a success that seemed miraculous. But one day a band of strolling players passed through the camp. Among them was a girl, young and pretty, with whom the boy, and, if I understand correctly, his friend became infatuated. One night they had high words about her. Their voices were heard loud in excitement, and the next morning the younger man was found dead in the. cabin — murdered most foully — and far beyond the reach of justice the friend he had trusted and the woman he had loved 1 This was the story they told me when I reached the spot, looking for my boy one year later. One of the men, who was an artist in bis way, had, in a moment of ad- mirationj sketched the woman's face. When I saw your guest, Mrs. Branscombe, to-night — you will pardon the reflection, Phil — it seemed to me lor an instant that it was the original of that picture which I had been shown in a far-off land seven long years ago. How you are shivering, man. No wonder, at such a story, Sir Philip said, his voice so changed and hoarse as to be almost unrecognisable. I — 1 have been thinking you may have been mis taken as to the identity of the — the man who died. There was no question whatever as to that. And the other — the brother ? He had come and gone before I arrived —-gone with a wild hope of revenge. I have never suspected this tragedy in your life, Mark, I have been so wrapped up in myself and the retrieving of my for tunes, as to have become indifferent to the happiness of those most dear to me. If your son had lived he would have been — wealthy ? Ay, one of the wealthiest men in Eng land. And to him would descend the title it is mine to claim — Earl of Lang- leven. Come in, the master of£Charteris said, huskily, and shaking as with cold, though the air was sott as a baby's breath. I have grown — chilled ! Not as chilled as I am, Phil — with a bitter laugh. All that was good in me and sweet in life, blasted and embittered. But I have still, thank heaven, one aim left. And that. To bring the murderer toT justice ! To deal him out the merciless rigour of the old Mosaic law. To hunt him down — to death. I am advertising extensively in America. I have some of the shrewdest brains on both sides of the Atlantic in my pay. He was my son — mine ! — and I can not rest in my giave till I can cry Aven ged ! It has grown to be the key noto'jcf my life — revenge! And that levengg double. When before my eyes there comes, the vision of a ruined home, a fugitive wife, a murdered child, and then the man who wrought me this fearful living death, one of whom I know, one of whom I have yet to know — Diek Dalton — what wonder I am hardly human in my passion. He paused. Great drops of sweat stood out on his forehead. His cheeks were crim son — his eyes like flaming coal9. For Heaven's sake, stop — Sir Philip cried, chokingly; and he reeled backward, ghastly to his very lips. You are driving me mad ! ' 1 To be continued .j Holloway's Pills and ointment. — Dyspepsia, Jaundice. — These complaints are the results of a disordered liver, which secretes bile in quality or quantity incapable of digesting food. Digestion requires a free flow of healthy bile, to ensure whih Holloway's Pills and Ointment have long been famous, for eclipsing every other medicine. Food, irregularity, of living, climates, and other causes are constantly throwing the liver into disorder, but that important organ can under all circumstances, soon be regulated and healthily ajusted by Holloway's Pills and Oint ment, which act directly upon its vital secretion. The Ointment rubbed on the skin penetrates immediately to the liver, whose blood and nerves it rectifies. One trial is all that is needed ; a cure will soon follow. The Chief Justice. — In the Legislative Assembly on Thursday afternoon Mr. Henry Clark asked the Premier whether it had come to his knowledge that rumors were in circulation to the effect that the Chief Justice had recently made a composition with his creditors, and if so whether there was any truth in the rumors. Sir George Dibbs said that the rumors to which the hon. member had just referred had reached his ears a day or two ago, and such a statement re garding the highest State official 'in the colony had naturally made a very painful impression upon his mind. That day however he had had an interview, with Sir Frederick Darley, and he was sure that the House would receive with very much gratification the statement he was able to make, that there was not a single word of truth in the rumor. Of course the Chief Justice was very much hurt at such a report being spread about. Everybody that knew him knew he was a man of keen honor, and had there beer any truth in the rumor, he would have placed his resignation in the hands of the Government be fore there had been any opportunity for it to get abroad. He was very happy to state that Sir Frederick Darley had assured htm that he had no liabilities whatever,, and that the report that had gained credence was . absolutely without foundation. Mr. Garard asked the Premier whether there was any truth in a similiar rumor concerning one of the puisne judges. Sir George Dibbs said he had not heard of any such tumor respecting a |puisne judge, but that he was satisfied that all the judges were men of so high a sense of honor that they would not continue in office ii there is any truth ia it, 