*GEN RAL BRIEFS. One-third of the world is controlled by the Anglo-Saxon rage. The longest clock pendulum ever made is that of the Eiffel Tower-377ft. Over 20,000 men, women and children died from snake bites in the year 1893 in India. Leather trunks were made and sold in Rome as early as the days of Julius Ccesar. For every widower who marries a widow there are eleven who espouse maidens. There are more strikes in the United States than in all the rest of the world put together. No man of a less stature than five feet nine and a half inches can enter the police force of New York. A Waterloo veteran, in the person of Count Donnet-Vorget, has died at Paris at the age of 100 years. The Admiralty have given instructions for swimming classes to be formed at the Sheerness School or Gunnery. The largest bronze statue in the world is that of Peter the Great at St. Peters burg. Its weight is about 1100 tons. A singular discovery has been made in Algeria on the site of the ancient Roman town of Thamugadia, now known as Tim gad. Portions. of a colossal statue, the height of which is estimated to have been no less than nine yards, have been found. in hungary Ic is tne custom ror G? e groom to give the bride a kick after the wedding ceremony to make her feel her subjection.. This is a matter that suggests thought. The tail of the kangaroo is the fleshiest part of the animal. It is considered dainty food when boiled in its own skin,. which afterwards may be drawn off like a glove. A vessel called the Islam detained ab Glasgow because she is laden with contra band of war, supposed to be intended for one of the belligerent powers in the Far East. British Government does not want to pay another Alabama claim. There is one place in the world, at any rate, where the streets are literally paved with gold. At Johannesberg it has been tound that stone recently supplied by a mine on the main reef for paving the streets yields six pennyweights to the ton. An American physician in Tokio is doing a rushing business by straightening the slant in the eyes of the Japanese. A. fine silk thread draws up the eyelids and holds them in place. A few neat stitches are all that are reauired. The term "infantry" was first used by the Spaniards, in the wars with the Moors, to designate the bodyguard of a Royal prince, or infante. It was later extended to the entire body of foot soldiers, and' finally adopted throughout Europe. Sometimes there are precocious boys other than Colonials, Our cable mes sages report the suicide by hanging of a little eleven year old Londoner, who took his life in a fit of pique because of' being punished for a misdemeanor by the deprivation or his dinner. Many references have been made re cently to the first Lady Mayor. But they have gone one better in the United States (eay3s London paper). The Police Com missioner of Leavenworth, Kansas, is Mrs Eva M. Blackman, who is, moreover, the editor and propriecor of a newspaper, and is only twenty-seven ! It is estimated that the sunflower plant drvws from the soil and [exhales, in 12 hours, 12 ounces of water. The nerves are all connected with it directly or by the spinal marrow. These nerves, witl their branches and minute ramificationa, probably exceed 10,000,000 in number. Announcement that the authorities of Argentina have decided to allow, the ex tradition of the swindler Jabez Spencer Balfour is fully confirmed. The detective at Buenos Ayres sent to arrest the in famous Liberator man has telegraphed "All right" to the Scotland yard authori ties. Balfour will get a warm welcome back to his native land. The domestic household of Bun-lan, the King of Annam, consists almost wholly of women, including a hundred wives, who are divided into nine classes, according to the station of life in whick they were born. Thirty women guard the entrance to his private apartments.. while five more are his constant personl' attendants. M. Casimir-Perier, who is forty-six years old, is, with two exceptions, the youngest ruler whom France has had since Napoleon, at thirty, became First Consul. Louis XVII. at his accession was fifty-nine, Charles X. was sixty- seven, Louis Phillipe fifty- seven. Thiers seventy-three, MacMahon sixty-five, and Grevy seventy-one. Cavaignac, however, was only forty-six when ulaced at the head of the State, and Louis Napoleon, who succeeded him, was only forty. The death is announced of General Boulanger's mother, Madame Boulanger, nee Griffiths, a lady of Welsh birth, at the age of ninety-three, in the apart ment in Paris where she had lived for many years. She had been in a wander ine state of mind, her faculties having declined about the time when her son's popularity in Paris was at its climax. She was unaware of his expulsion from the army, or of his exile and suicide the Ixelles Cemetery at Brussels. Valentine Vox seems to have found aw. imitator in an adopted Japanese girt of eighteen who resides in the province of Kai. Her foster-parents and neighbors" were recently astounded by the discovery that the house was haunted by a most mysterious voice. No "ghost"' could be discovered. At last it was found that the girl had developed an extraordinary faculty for ventriloquism. She had been exercising her faculty for the' puipose of compelling her parents by adoption to restore her to her real inother. The trade in shrimps has grown so. enormously during the last year or two that about four tons daily are despatched by the mail boats from Ostend to Dover, whence they are despatched chiefly to London and the great centres of Lanca shire and Yorkshire. They are caught on the sand coasts of Belgium and boiled ready for market, and packed in huge hampers so as to reach breakfast tables in the English Midlands the next day. A little extract of liquorice destroyv the taste of aloes; peppermint water dis- guises nauseous taste of salts ; milk is a good abater of the bitter flavor of Peru vian bark, and cloves that of senna. Castor oil cannot be tasted if beaten and thoroughly mixed with the white of an egg. Another method of covering the nauseous taste of castor or cod-liver oil is to put a tablespoonful of strained orange juice in a wineglass, pour the oil into the centre of the juice, and then squeeze a few drops of the juice upon the oil and upon the edge of the glass. The Wellman polar expedition has ar rived safe and sound at Tromsoe. a sea port on the north-west coast of Norway The party got as far north as lat. 84 deg. and there came to a " dead-end," in the shape of a solid wall of ice, which effectively blocked further progress.. Not being able to wail until the ice.wall melted, the party hied them back to hcmo and friends as fast as possible. Mean while it is chilling to reflect that Dr Nansen and his party are probably some where on the other side of that wall of' ice. 