!<S e naral dfianing-g. The Irish Peasantry. A CHARMING DESCRIPTION BY JUSTIN" M'CARTHY, M.I'. On 14th December, under the aus pices of the Irish Literary Society, London, Mr. Justin M 'Cartby, deliver ed an address on " The Irish Peasau- try " in the hull attached to the pre- mises of the society in Bloomsbuiy Mansions, Hart-street, W.G. Mr. Alfred Percival Graves presided, and there was a large attendance of members and their friends. Mr. M'Carthy said that his recollec tions--- for his remarks were only recol lections of years ago — were mainly con- fiued to the Irish peasantry of the South aud West of Ireland. The Irish peas- ant always impressed him with beiog I the distinct decendant of some race t which had lived in a southern climate | and under a southern sun. The Irish i peasantry seemed to be a race trans- | ferred from some genial sunny clime j and dropped down by( a strange chance j on an island in the North Atlantic Ocean, on which they settled, and to which they clung and cleaved as Irish peasants did to-day. The Irish peas ant of his time delighted in open-air amusement loved music and tbe joy of the dance as did people who lived in j Bunny eliines, where there was no ad- j verse weather to interfere with their j amusements ; and ho, therefore,, be- ) lieved that the Irish peasant was decen- j ded from a sunny race whose every I pore was alive to the influence of the I weather, tbe delight of music, and tiie 'joy of the dance. Ho did not know | whether the dance was as general in i Ireland now has it wss in his days, I but certainly no Neapolitan could have | been more fond of tho fascination of the | dance than was tbe Irish peasant under all bis troubles and grinding poverty. He hoped it was so still to-day, aud that the Irish peasants would keop up that LOVE OP MUSIC AND DELIGHT IN TH1 DANCE which they displayed years ago. One characteristic of the Irish peasant which was unlike that possessed by any south ern race was his extreme amount of patience and quiet, ungrudging, un murmuring patience with which he took every trouble in life. Over and over again he (tbe lecturer) had met in Ire land an old woman who seemed to have lived a life of utter aud absolute poverty aud inisery, but yet, if Bpokeu j to, she had nothing to say but " The i Lord haB been very good to us always." (Applause.) Again, it an Irish peas ant was met on a day when the wind was screaming and the rain falling in ( drenching showers, he would simply I remark, " A fine soft day, your honour." ; (Laughter.) If tbe day was bifcterley cold, it was sure to bo good for some J plant or animal ; and if a day was so ; extremely bad that nothing goed could J be said of it, the peasant would say, " Sure it is the will of God, and that is enough for us." Au English lady once told him that all the peasants she met in Ireland daring her visit appeared to be born gentlemen, they were so corteous, polite, and considerate. There was another peculiarity of the Irish peasant. He hoped it remained still despite railways, telegraphs, tele phones, evening newspapers, and other delights of civilisation. Tho Irish peas- ant, tlii.Ii' LIVED IN THE SUPERNATURAL. It was suid by Joan of Arc that the Kingdom of ghosts was easily open ed for her — that is, she could with ease see something that was not of our earth. The Irish peasants, in his time at all events, were in very much that mood of mind and of temperament. They then believed as fully in the super natural' as the. peasants of other count ries believed in the cows and horses, and pigs. The fairies and the ghosts lived for Ibem, the angels were alive for them, and they heard the wail of the haoshee. lhese things lifted them, up above the m>re materialistic cojs,- ditions of life, and made them into uncouscious poets. He did not know whether the Irish peasants believed iu what he might call the more poetic superstitions, and of these they had the keenest sense. i the belief in the banshee existed in his days in Ireland . He did not know whether it existed now. He rather hoped it did. He had an affec tion for the banshee. The M'Carthy family retained theirs, and they did not retain anything else. (Laughter.) In her they had a property which could uot be appraised in any court of law. Years ago a member of the M'Carthy nlnn rliorl in tha T.ivarnnnl hriHmt.a.1 frnm the effects of au accident, and the nurses declared that his death was ac companied by a wailing sound which disturbed the dying man. That he knew to be a fact, and at hast it was a very remarkable coincidence. Some of the superstitions of the Irish peasantry were ridiculous, such as the idea that there was no good making a journey or an expedition if one met a red- haired woman at the outset, but the mass of them are elevating and refined. They formed a vein of poetry in the nature of the Irish peasantry just as similar ideas did in the nature of the ancient Greeks. He did know whether such noble feelings could en dure against the rough feelings of the prosaic, but he did uot declare that if civilisation was goiug to banish the fairies from the vaths aud valleys, to got rid of the banshees, and to suppress all the other forms that belonged to what was called superstition, he for himself would rather that the Irish peasantry did not get too wise all at ouce. Another chaiacteristic of the Irish peasant was that he olung to his home with passionate devotion. When, however, he was compelled to emigrate, he could be traced all over the world. In every nnok and corner of the United States and Canada were' to bo found men who, springing from the Irish peasant class, had risen to positions of independence, comfort, and honour. Of South America the same could be said, notwithstanding that these Irishmen had to coulend against the obstruction of a language of which they know absolutely uothing when they landed. It was a curious paradox that up to a certain point it appeared al most impossible to remove an Irishman from his own soil. When, however, some conditiou forced him away he became enterprising and pushing, and moved from place to place seeking where he had best settle, and when he did settle his thoughts ever turned back to the land he bad left. Often in New York and Boston be had noticed little groups of Irish people sitting outside their doors on a summer's evening, and invariably he had noticed that their talk was of the old country. On board a' steamer iu the Bay of New York ha heard au Irishman, after listening to anecdotes of Ireland exclaim. " God be with hose dear old days in Ireland." He, too, would say God be with with those dear old days when tne Irish peasant was still jonug and among the best, when there was impassioned love for Ireland, that love for music au<! the dance, and he would even say, that, love for the fairies and the ghosts, and the banshee, and all the other strange mysterious beings who then peopled the hills and the valleys, and made, il there was nothing else to tnake il, the poetry of the peasant of Ireland. (Prolonged applause.) Melbourne Ad- . vocate. 