A Lady Critic on Australia. ( After all that this country has suffered of misrepresentation, and even of abuse, at the hands of the globe-trotter afflicted with what the great Disreali styled 'an exuberance of verbosity, it is refreshing and hopeful to find that Miss Shaw, the talented special cor respondent of the Times, is prepared to do us justice. Accredited to us by the most in fluential journal of Great Britain, and her self a person of distinction, the- lady takes rather a biassed view of some of our affairs. tnrougn navmg vieweci tnem, so to speak, from the social grandstand, the Darling Point login , or the vice-regal barouche, Still there is abundant evidence, in her reports, and in the paper which our critic read the other night at the Colonial Institute in London, of an amount of thought and judg ment displayed quite in keeping with her great reputation. But, pleasant as it is to hear the prophetess foretell the coming greatness of Australia as ' the future mother of wealth for half the world,' de lightful and novel as it may be to find our energy and general prosperity appreciated at a reasonable yalue, it does not follow that we are to accept all her utterances without examination or question. Miss Shaw's stay in these colonies was neces^rily short, and with all her admitted perspicacity, some of her conclusions may, naturally enough, have been hastily formed. To draw a bold, line of distinction between the 'tropical' and the ' temperate ' regions, and to discover in those two parts, into which she divides the whole continent, distinctive traits and characteristics in their political and social life and springs of thought, appears to us crude and arbitrary and inexact. That climatic differences have their influence, as as well on the mental as on the bodily physique of nations newly planted in a strange soil is to 'be unhesitatingly admitted : but where M ss Shaw gets her data for the following statement is not so clear ' The 'temperate region is destined to represent the 'democratic, and the tropical tho aristocratic 'forces in life, commerce, lab.our, audpoli 'tics. The two divisions must, of necessity, 'be different, and tropical Australia must ' be developed by servile labour. ' There is a great division of opinion as to the necessity for employing the Kanakas and the Chinese in tropical Australia ; it is even persistently asserted that white labour is equal to the strain of the most arduous toil on a sugar plantation, and that the Kanakas are em ployed solely from objects of greed ; equally strong statements, however, are put forward on the other side. At this_ distance it would be difficult, almost impossible, to arrive at any absolute decision; but this much ap pears certain that, if the employment of 'servile labour' in Queensland and the. Northern Territory has no better justification than that it pours wealth into the lap of the wealthy, by enabling them to get their work done at a miserable rate of wages, and that at the expense of white labour, it can be only a matter of time until such an outrage shall by law be discontinued. Prom the pole to the equator the Anglo Saxon race has more than, held its own against the lower races of mankind, and why it should go down in tropical Australia is a question that must '' give us pause.' Before the abolitiou of slavery in the West Indies, and before the American war, all these points were debated, and the triumphant success of 'free' in stitutions and the victory of free labour all along the line hardly served to convince the heated disputants on the slavery side. Miss Shaw favours us with a few lines of approval of our land settlement schemes, and ex presses the opinion that ' ' with government assistance ' they might attract ' the intelli gent workmen of England.' Here again the lady appears to be on the side of minor ity. So far as we can judge a very large and rapidly increasing majority look upon our land schemes of the past thirty years as one gigantic blunder, and consider the ex isting scheme, if we must call it a scheme, worse than its predecessors. The tree must be judged by its fruit, and the judgment is that, except in some parts of the coast dis tricts, the land laws have operated to make the_ rich richer and to defraud the poor of their birthright, to set class aguinet class, to promote mercantile depravity, to fatten the land - grabber,' and to hand over to the ban k s, those ' corporations that have neither bodies to be kicked nor souls to be damned,' the ti'le-deeds of the fairest portion of the people's estate. Nor is this the whole in dictment ; time and space do not permit, nor is this precisely the occasion to lay bare all the sins and shortcomings that lie at the door of our grievous mismanagement of the public property. As to government assistance to bring out here ' the intelligent workmen,' we have had enough and to spare of an inclis - eliminating immigration in years gone by. To this and to the inducements until lately held out by high wages on public works wo have to attributo man v of the ills under which we lie to day. The subject ' is dead aud buried,' and none but a stranger would have had the bad taste and want of judg ment to attempt to make the ghost walk. Whilo our own intelligent workmen' are patrolling the country ? in thousands, in' search of employment, the question of fur ther assisted immigration may not with any propriety be so much as mentioned. 