BREVITIES. Bobert ClawtoTB, 16, and Herbert Hyland, 15, -were charged before Mr. 'Addison, S.M., at the Central Police to-day, with having stolen a milk jug valued at Is 6d, the property of Albert H. M'Lean. Senior-constable Jeffes arrested the accused. Early this morning the jug was put out for the milk, and ..one of the accused took it, while the other waited outside. He saw them and went outside, when one ot tnem aroppea the jug. Clawton was sentenced to seven days' gaol, and Hyland to three days. John Bowley, 32, laborer, was charged before Mr. Addison, S.M., at the Central Police Court *-mb morning, with having rioted in Hyde Park. Constable Donovan stated that he was fighting with another man. ' 20a, ? levy and distress, or seven days. A boy aged 9, and a girl 13, son and daughter of Mr. Closhey, a farmer at Bircbip (Vic.) re turned from school in a overheated condition and drank some cold water, with a fatal result in both cases. The Premier of Victoria, the Minister for Mines, and the Minister for Education will visit Albury on February 1, while on a tour of inspec tion of the country of the Upper Murray on the Victorian side. Mr. E. C. V, Broughton will offer to-morrow 200 splendid allotments at Hurstville, opposite the public school, at sacrifice prices. A free special train will leave 'Sydney at 12-7. Free tickets are. obtainable at the office, 301 Pitt-street, all day, and from 7 to 9 in the evening to suit those unable to call during, the day. In connection with the Waterloo and Alex andria branch of the Sydney City Mission a children's lantern entertainment was given in the Mission Hall, Alexandria, last evening. The views consisted of 'The Factory Chimney,' 'Lights of London,' 'The Power of Music,' 'The Dogs and the Monks of St. Bernard,' ' The Cellar Ghost,' and a number of amusing and mechanical slides. The entertainment was in terspersed with songs and recitations. A large and influential meeting of the residents of Baulkham Hills was held yesterday evening. Mr. Fletcher was appointed chairman. A mo tion to the effect that Baulkham Hills and the surrounding fruitgrowing districts should be con nected by steam with Parramatvta, was moved by Mr. Best and seconded by Mr. Taiosett, sup ported Dy uaptain JJonaia, or tne jfarramawd. Eiver Steam Navigation Company, and Colonel Bell, United States Consul for New South Wales. The resolution was unaminously adopted, and a committee formed with Mr. Iredale as secretary. * At the half -yearly meeting yesterday of the Emu Gravel and Boad Metal Company, Limited, a dividend at the rate of 5 per cent, per jj/rtTtTiTTt was declared, and £15 carried forward. The directors and auditor were re-elected. The Bio Tinto Bock Drill is . described and illustrated in this week's issue of the Town and CotTNTET JOTTBNAi. At the Annnai Congregational meeting of the Presbyterian Church of the Covenant, held at the temporary premises, Abercrombie-street, Eedf ern, the following were elected as the committee of management for the ensuing year: Messrs. T. Spence, E. D. Gray, A. S. Moon, A. Werrick, C. Marland, J. Wyllie, H. Bamage, H. Spence, J. Boss, F. T. Eobins, W. B. H. Kerrand, G. D. Nesbitt; auditors, Messrs. A. Wyllie and S. Fuller. The income for the past year amounted to .£483 0s 5d, and the expenditure .£481 5s 2d. A wharf laborer named Timothy Leonard, 48, living at 98 Princes- street, Church Hill, was admitted to Sydney Hospital to-day by Dr. Mait land. The man was suffering from injuries re ceived through falling from, a steamer on to the wharf, while discharging cargo. Alderman D. Davis, of Woollahra, has an nounced himself a candidate for the seat on the Water and Sewerage Board rendered vacant by the death of Alderman Graham. Mr. Davis is a practical Tna.Ti of considerable experience and has successfully carried out several large contracts in Sydney and various other places. The election takes place next month. Mr. Ben. Saillard, who last Friday was the means of saving the life of a lad named Jones from drowning, was last night made the recipient of a silver mounted pipe and match-box in re cognition of his bravery. The gift was accom panied by a letter acknowledging Saillard's gallantry. A movement is on foot to have this case brought under the notice of the Humane Society with the view of securing for Saillard the silver medal. Saillard has already won the bronze medal, and . within the past two years has been instrumental in saving three lives. A concert was held in the Oddfellows' HalL Enmore-road, last night, in aid of the funeral ex penses of one of the poor of Christ Church, En more. A lengthy programme was gone through in an. efficient manner. The will of the Eev. William Christopher Bunning, Baptist minister, whose body was found in the Yarra (Vic.) on November 25 last, has been lodged for probate. The property was valued at £3063, consisting of £500 realty and £2563 per sonalty. In the case of Wright, jun., v. Thompson an application was made in Chambers this morning for leave to issue execution. The application was granted. John Barrett, a dealer, was arrested at New castle yesterday, on a warrant forwarded from Sydney, which charges him with having f raudu XClXUL^ ap^fUjJAXibLrtSU. bfVU XXXlgB, VCULLGV1. -J,U Atfl l»O, the property of Phillip SpeigeL Accused will appear at the court to-day and will be remanded to Sydney. A son of Mr. Shemer, of Pleasant Hills, was accidentally shot on Saturdry last, one of his eyes and a portion of his face being shattered. He is now at Albury under medical treatment. An article describing the Citrus trifoliata, a very hardy variety of orange, is given with an ex cellent illustration in the current issue of the Town and Countby Jouenai. A disastrous fire occurred at Mirboo (Vic), on Tuesday night, destroying seven places of business. The damage is estimated at £8000. All the buildings were insured, but the stock was not. A married woman named Walton, residing at Shaw, near Carcoar, while suffering from family trouble, lost her reason, and attempted to cut the throat of her youngest child, 10 months of age. Tattersall's are the only genniae successful consul tations. Newmarket, 60,000 at 20; Australian, 50,000 at 5 and 10,000 at 10. Apply early, care Geo. Adams, Telegraph Chambers. Brisbane.—*. 