Ik Japan dresses are bought by weight. Ballet girls should take the hint and buy their wardrobes in Japan. A second women's political league has been formed in Melbourne. This is the beginning. <3hr« a woman an inch and she forms a league. . i, , • At Manitoba the men are at present largely in excess of the women No less than 10,1/8 forlorn males are in want of wives. And yet there is said to be a husband famine! " Do we flirt more than we used to ?" is a question now being discussed in London journals. We think it depends a good deal whether our wives are looking or not. A SCHOOL committee at Wellington, N.Z., has protested against" As You Like It" asan indecent play. Doesn't it occur to this sensitive body that after all life is an indecent thing ? T h e Governors of Canterbury College, New Zealand, refuse to allow lady students to appear in knickerbocker costumes. The knickerbockers are breaches of discipline, because they are not the breeches of discipline. T h e Emperor of Germany patronises a London tallor_ whicb ia flbout all England has to show in return {or the painfu, circumstftnce that every Becond artioIe you ick up in the mother country is branded " made in Germany." T h e m(m who wrote the Customs asking that the novel, "The Heavenly Twins," should be excluded from the country, is probably a person who has been blessed with twins that he does not consider heavenly. The sight of the book in the shop-windows probably grates on his feelings. The Sydney musician of Italian extraction killed by a local small bov with a single blow of a stick was said by the doctor who conducted the post mortem examination to have an extraordinary thin skull. How foolish of a man with a skull of extraordinary thinness to go playing the hand oreatL , , , , . , Boots are now being made with patentsoles that can be detached and replaced at the will of the wearer. 1 he advantage is that the owner of such boots can put a new sole on when the old one is worn through, and the invention results from the fact that so many men are visibly " on their uppers" just now. „, „ ,, „„ ,, Saint W. T. Stead says, there are 68 aldermen in the City Council ol Chicago,/'and of these 50 ^^fma^e^moSey o u t ^ o f ' X S "/ w ™ to sZSors t h e o f the tiding awayto speculators ine irancuiees oi me clty » After this we may think of the respectable, , f, h„m.drllm conventional fetclidiiess of our \- f . . 'Ihe A$e adopts a very 'igh and 'aughty tone in dealing with foreign politics in its leading columns. "We have no wish to throw any doubts on the good faith of the Czar,' it said a few days ago! When the Czar opens his next batch of Ages, and finds, on looking to its leading columns for guidance, that it treats him thus trustfully, he will crack his matutinal egg and eat his toast with unusual relish and good digestion. " The Age trusts mo," he will say; " thank It is said that Thornton and Arnold gave <£1200 for the colonial rights of "Charley's Aunt," and will snb-let it when they depart hence. Bland Holt gave £700 for tho colonial rights of l'ettitt's " Woman's Revenge" for seven years. Holt is respected among the theatrical profession for the perfect mounting of his pieces. He spares no expense in scenery and so on; and has a good name for treating his companies splendidly. Is the " Heavenly Twins " a book that ought to be banned ? Such is tho grave question that has been agitating Mr. Baker, as Commissioner of Customs, and he is as much bothered as he was by the lady teachers in his other capacity. Punch cannot help thinking there is a dreadful lot of huuibug about these thines. Vizetellyis prosecuted for selling Zola in Englaud, and in a few months Zola is/tied by the Lord Mayor of London. The purists only succeed in giving big advertisements. Da. O'Sullivan's new book on women's complaints is very rough on the Australian woman's corset. The evil effect of tight-lacing upon our women cannot be over-estimated, says he; and be thinks it worse here " than in older, less feverish and less artificial countries of the world." " Here," he adds, "the iron ruio of fashion holds absolute sway!" Of course, Dr. O'Sullivan don't quite mean that. He means, not the iron rule, but the whalebone of fashion. But, for the rest, if we ask whether what the doctor says is true we fear the answer must be—of corset is! Book Ahcaiis Cole pours out his opinion of what he calls the "great and valued value of hooks " in a column of poetry—Heaven forgive us for using that word!—in advertisement form. Why is he allowed to do these things? Why is he allowed to become self-reflective in lines like these ?— " Books teach the boys and girls of earth In twice two million schools; Books make the difference between Earth's learned and its fools!" Cole possesses many books, and after reading his awful verses one is impelled to ask—" Where does the difference come in The South Australian Government has adopted a dodge to get cheap Governors in spite of tbe Upper House, which opposed the reduction of gubernatorial screws. The Premier lia6 intimated to the Imperial authorities that future S.A. Governors will have to be content with JC5000 a year, a drop of ,£2000. It remains for the Legislative Council to save the credit of the colony by subscribing the .£2000, or to rise in their might and'declare against this attempt to nullify their honourable House. Legislative Councillors all ver Australia seem quite satisfied in their minds that Governors to be decent at all must be dear, and that "cheap and nasty " must apply in such an office. Ma. Justice Holuoyd, throughout the hearing ° f the Federal Bank liquidation case, has been pronouncing the word Federal as if spelt Feederal. This pronunciation has given .rise to mufih discu6sion amon iawyers. But it must be remembered that- his Honour was once at the bar, and should not now be d(Jnied the k,a6ure of indulging in " foes," even in pedantic pronunciation. We presume his Honour believes in Australion Fee-deration. Strictly speaking he is right, as Federal comes from the Latin fwdus, a treaty, but according to dictionary pronunciation mar k « b e . f ! ^ wr ? n K; J h e "^ployed, it m a y adde d - believe in * eed-eration! Db. Jackson advised a woman of seventy- seven a patient in a Sydney hospital, to take walking exercise daily on one of the balconies of the institution, but without avail, the dame considering that her ailment necessitated unbroken rest in bed. The doctor drew on mother wit as an aid to science. He induced her by sheer entreaty to try one walk, and on her assenting called up l.alf-l-dozen male patients and posted them at indows along thebalcony. These,dulyinstructed, llowed her to overbear complimentary comments ber carri and lftdy_£ke dep0rtment-, and since that day the elderly patient does what she an to exceed the regulation period of out-door exercise. Patbiotic lubUoux are now all the rage in the London music-halls—Spectacular representations 0f great events in English history, the famous personages connected therewith being produced as near to the life as possible. Nelson sings patriotic ditties on the top of his Trafalgarsquare monument, and Wellington is wildly jingoistic to special music on the historic field of Waterloo. An epidemic of patriotic songs has also set in, and the nation swells its chest, and feels equal to anything that may turn up. Fortunately we are short of material for this kind of thing in Melbourn6i but Harry Kickards might favour Sydney wita a i„bieau representing the return of the contingeuti posing himself as plain BiU Dalley on th(J famous goudan donkey, The Earl of Abingdon, says the cable, is being 6ued by a tuft-hunting American named Hall for the recovery of certain moneys paid for a portion of th(J Abinedoll ancestral halls, said to be the aetual house in whioh A m y Robsart—the lady ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ n f ™ ^ V ^ ' T ^ ' "^imprisoned. Hall bought thehouseeutirely Qn aecount 0f this romantic association, and, i , f o l l t l d out that the ladv in Question was y q ! = S I V , ' °° ^ Z a ^ " £ buying t h e W o n house he expend to enjoy a certain amount of reflected g ory; if the alleged history is not attached to the house, he loses his reflected glory, and has been imposed upon. It is ike a man buying an old-fashioned English manor house on the understanding that it is haunted, and then finding to his disgust that there is no ghost attached to the premises at aU. Of course, such a man would be justified in suing for the recovery of his ghost, or the value thereof, as Hall is justified in trying to recover the reflected glory 