Christmas Evol As wo writs a do- cidodly wot day. Still, bowovor, warm onougli. Tlio Bunnuor soason, for which an unusually hot spring bos proparod ua, is now Uiroo days old. Something of an incongruity this jot, ovou to theso who hnvo Boon ninny OlirUtmasos in tho homo of tlioir adoption; but whose thoughts, largely reminiscent just now, lingor fondly o'er tho recollection of Yulo log and glittering Huow-sprcad field. Yot, after all, Christmaa ia essentially a summer fostival. Whilo tho land from which sprang tbo Anglo-Saxon raco wae atill sloeped in barbarism, loarnod doctors of tho Church gathorod to dotormino fho prcoUo date of tho Nativity. Thoy re- ooivod tliafc it was in tho summer season that tlio most momontous ovont in tho world's history had fallen. Prior to thoir soloction of tho 25tb of Decombor, Christmas, as a movable fostival, had boon celebrated in the beginning of tho year — aa enrly as January, as lato as May. How far tho oxpedionoy of approximating Christmas to tho greatest pagan foto of tho Roman yoar affected tho docision lot antiquarians argue. Cor- tain it is that thore woro loarnod diasontors amongst tho OArly fathers from tho decision of the convocation. From tho middlo of tho fourth contury downward, howevor, whorevtr tbo Bannor of tho Grois has boon uprearod Christmas has stood in tho calendar whoro the groat festival stands to-day. Didron tells us that the enrly Chris tianity " found it necossary to appro priate tho images of Paganism." What if it did) Evon in honost, earnest, bclioving and noting Paganism . dooi Cnrlylo find a heroism to whioh true men may mnko obolsanco. Thore is not so inuoh vaunt of ancestry in our day as when, a goodly compaoy of blood-letters being assembled in somo hapless town "an oftcutchoon peeping from , some glaulose window, marked tho night's lodging of knight or baron." Yet caste distinctions have survived much wrack and chango, and blue b.ood counts for something in the -world's affairs to day. Quito in common however, is thoro to us— for credit or debit as you will — the Paganism of our prngonitors far back in the tomb of the buried ccuturics. Quite common also is there to us — likewiso for credit or dobit as you will— the heritage which has come down tho agos from tho Man of Galiloo. Orthodoxy or heterodoxy is not in question when saying that. If you beo.rthodox, surely a supremo moment for you in tho history of the human race was that whan the otornal Logos caino forth from tho bosom of tho Fathor and crossed tho threshold of the world. However heterodox you be, reverence and homago to tbo lowJy Man who has conquered tlio wholo world by tbo gospel of lovo come unbidden I How supremo is tho power ol tluit g roat principle of affection I Look where you will and there ia ovidenco of its might on evory eido. Man livos and walks tho earth in its thrall ? True, holy, and puri fied of cko dross of animal passion It lifts us high as hoaven itself As in tho legend of tho Saltan's daughter, to whom spake tho voice at midnight, ' I am tbe master ot the Flowers ; My garden Is in Paradise ; And if thou wilt go with me Thy bridal garland Sbatl be of bright redflowert« As, also, told in languago not loss swoob than Longfollow'sn TomMooro'e "Loves of tho Angels." Loa, tho mortal, took unto herself the wings of tbe eoraphim.and soared away. But tho angel, into whoso love thero camo tho alloy of nnholy pas sion, was chainod to earth Dead lay my wings as they have Iain Sitco that sad hour, and will remain- So wille the offended God for over 1 Lovo, whothor for good or for evil, for weal or for woe, roles alike in the heavons and on tho earth. And if Ghristmaetido is aught to mankind boyond holidays of othor sort the year through, It is because Christuiaetide is tho Foast of Lovo i Scant thought need wo bestow, then, on tho question of whether tbo date was fixed aright or on how far Paganism is responsible for the feast of to-morrow, provided only cnob of us oatches the true Christmas spirit. In moditeval Franco, a feature of tho colobration of tho Nool (Christmas.) festival - -was tbo burning of the stump of an olivo- tree. As the log blazed upon the family hearth tho youngest child prayed tbnb tho foot of tho orphan be over preserved from tho wintor's cold, that light and warmth bo ever providod lor the aged tho infirm and tho poor. Nor woo tlua simply swoet Charity's lip- service, for tho children proceodcd than to throw tho Nool-tide gifts to tbo men dicants who sang carols in the streets. To givo away somothing, whether it be from abundance or from scanty score— that was tho ohief lesson of the medimval Christmas, that is tho leeson taught by Christmas in our times. Happily tboro ore raauy who hava learnt it well, and are as good as tlioir loarning, whoso practico perfectly harmontsos with yot works with a good deal loss noise than procept. Bocauso of this, many a poor soul will bo the happier bocauso to- inorrow is Christ mas Day I Tho season of " mirth and misUotoo," as it is called, oomca this year to Vie- torin fiudtng hut little recovered o com munity which has suffered cruelly uudor "tho slings and arrows of outrageous fortune." That is to say, monoy housos, land, and tho liko once soomingly euro onougb, have nil slipped out of restless, vainly-clutching Gngera, and the hard lesson taught that thora is nothing positively certain— unless wo oxcopt calls— in this mundano sphere. That is to say, more over, that tho area of msny wontod em ployments has shrunk inlo dimensions so small as hardly to bo perceptible. Hundreds of good citizens have, seldom with much auccOBS, boan obligod to turn to unfamiliar pursuits in order to win bread for tkomsolvos and tlioir families. Altogether, then, tho times havo bton bad, still are, if not so ill cortainly far from good. Would that it wore other wise. Yot, bo wishing, tboro is no reason why wo should shut our oyos to tlio aoul of g4»od in tho ovil thing. Tho decent roan or woman who has kept comfortably afloat whilo so many havo gone down into the dire depths of distress will surely fiud it hard to bo morry this Christmas- tide without tht consciousness of having said a kind word und lent a holping hand somowhore. Koroogfs, no donbt, the world will overproduce, and Soroogos wo havo Iioro. Worse than Scroogos in faot, since thoy join hypocrisy to meanness and affoot ap pearances which boforo tho advent of Marloy'a ghost old Ebuiiezor nover thought of. No man or woman who id not oithor callously hidifforonb or a Soroose at heart should fail a this season to realise tho privi- logo of being numborod by kind fortuno omougst those who can bestow— bo it over so littlo — instead of amongst theso whom futo hath appointod re cipients. That It really is a privilego to bo ablo to givo is a lesson that eomo pooplo have yot to learn. -No bottor timo than whon tho kindly spirit ot Christmas Is abroad, oxpanding roen'n hoarts, also, we trust, open ing their hands. So, in the hope that not a r«adr of The Herald in ttio midst of tbo season's joys will forget its Associated ploosure-giving obligations each In his or her ephoro— " nono is too largo and none too limitod for ouch on ond wo wish all a Morry Christmas t To quoto tho closing words ef Diokens's "Tho ChimoB,"— " May tho New Year be a happy ono to you, happlor to many more whose happinoss depends upon you 1 So may oaoh year bo brighter than tho last, and not the meanest of our brethren or sisterhood debarred thoir rightful sharo n what our great Creator formed them to enjoy I" 