!JThe I-ytery of Clement Dulalven, BY JEAN MIDDLEMAS. CHAPTER:XXXVL-T?I, GHosis o THna "An old, bent man, worn out and frail, He came back from seeking the Holy GraiL" Scarcely two years had elapsed since Clement Dunraven had left Aboyne Court for the foreign travels, during which he hoped to fnd that peace of mind which passeth all understanding; when one evening, when he was by no means expected, he crept into his own house'by the back.door. One of !tlhe'maids, who saw him, ran shrieking to the housekeeper and said she had seen Sir Clement's ghost. The housekeeper told her "not to be a fool," and went out to look for herself, and then she too trembled .with affright until she heard the well-known voice. "Don't be alarmed, it is myself : Clement lDunraven in the flesh. I have teen very ill, and have come home to die." "Oh, Sir Clement, why ever didn't you let us know that, we might have had things a bit comfortable for you." "All right-all right; don't trouble your self. There'll be comfort enough for me. Light a fire in the library, Lady Gertrude's favorite room, and send for Dr Watson." The night was a cold one, though it wasi onlymid-October, and the trees were still 2heavy with mellow, golden foliage. There was something about Sir Clement's manner and appearance which reelled ques tion, so the servants bestirred themselves to prepare dinner,, get his bedroom ready, and make the place as home-like as the short notice would permit, without asking for any further orders. Sir Clement, meanwhile, sat down in front of the fire, which had been speedily lighted, and took no notice of any one. It was not until Dr Watson entered the loom that he roused up from his reverie. The summons to come at once to Sir Clement Dunraven had been received by the little doctor with no small dismay, and a presenti ment of coming trouble took powerful posses. sion of him; nor was his dread of the future in any way lessened when he saw the man who had sent for him. "Doomed to death," was the Doctor's mental verdict, and that torture of mind had ended in producing torture of body, he was not slow in deciding. Sir Clement held out his hand, and said, feebly : "It is good of you to have come so soon." H?ow gladly would Dr Watson have grasped it, but that the recollection of the awful accusation made by Jim Glendinning rose vividly in his mind. He pretended not to see the eitended band, but drawing a chair close to his patient, tried to speak cheerily. "Sorry you have come back ill, Sir Clement; we must see if we can patch you ButSirClement noted at once the want of cordiality, and said, bitterly : * "You cannot ' minister to a mind diseased.' but since I see you know or have guessed the truth, you will make my task Dr Watsonmerelyanswered withan "Ah," and Sir Clement went on: " I have not much beliel in parsons. They would ruin you if they could, as Singleton tried to ruin me. But I have rent for yon, Watson, because I know you to be a true and honest man, and as such you willhelp me to make the beet atonement for the past that is in my power." "I will use my best endeavors so to do," answered Dr Watson, "but would not Sir Miles Berkeley- " "No-no," cried Sir Clement, interrupt "Berkeley has a wife, and, I hear, a child. Let him be happy and ignorant. I will not have him freighted with my misery. You munt hear many a tale of wretchedness, Watson ; it is in your calling." "Alas ! Tales of wretchedness and suffer ng that one cannot always assuage." " there is only one incurable disease of which the torture cannot be alleviated, and that' is the disease from which I am dying now-it is called Remorse." 'tOh, Sir Clement, repentance must bring alleviation of suffering, even to the most re morseful." "I have repented, humbled myself In dust and ashes for my sins, but I am no happier. Remorse gnaws as a canker worm at my 'hbeart.. Should I be happier if I had made a publicconfession, and allowed the law to take its course ? I think not.. Anyway, it would have brought misery and obloquy oninnocent people. So I resolved to keep my secret. It is wearing me out, and the severest pun ishment I can inflict on myself is that I have refrained from my own destruction. However, the end is not far off now, and before that end comes I want you to know the truth." " What good to tell it, Sir Clement. Be fore the words have fallen from your lips you may regret having spoken them:" "I can never regret having asked a good man to be the guardian of my child-you will will not refute ." Dr Watson winced, but he accepted the guardianship. " Lisa is my child," continued Sir Clement, "and Liebeth her mother. my lawful wife, which Lady Gertrude never was." "'Sir Clement, for mercy's sake keep silence. Think of the memory of that pure, virtuous lady, and keep silence." " To all but you I will do so, but you must know the truth, or you cannot do the best for my child and her brave mother. If I die without a will this property cannot go to Lisa, unless her legitimacy proved. In jus tie to Lady Gertrudle I am going, with your help, to make a will leaving everything to Lisa, my adopted daughter, who is to take the name of Dunraven. This may seem to you to be unjust to Lisbeth, but she agreed to be supplanted by Lady Gertrude, in order that I omight becomre my uncle's heir, and, therefore, she must bear her share of the sorrows brought on us by our joint folly. Ah, if I had neverdeserted Lisbeth, I might have been porer, but I should have been a far happier man." " She is the best and noblest among women," said the doctor, tervently. •SirClemehtlooked at him keenly. His eves fellas before those of an inquisitor, for he felt that Sir Clement had guessed the de aire of his heart. " I see I have appealed to the right man," said Sir Clement after a pause. "' Win her if yon can, Watson, andif my lMessing, the blessing of a wretched criminal, is of any avail, you have it with all my heart. To know that my poor Lisbeth will have a rest ful. happy home is far more than I deserve." Nothing more was said on the matter; what could be said as long as Clement Dun raven lived P Pens, ink and paper were pro. duced, and the last will and testament of Clement Dunraven was written out. In it * he left everything of which he died possessed, includina Aboyne Courtand all its valuables, to his adopted child, Lisa, whose birth had been registered at a registrar's in the City Road under the name of Lisa Ellis, on con dition that she henceforth took the name of Danraven. The guardian and the sole executor to be his tried and valuned friend, Richard Watson, M.D. The butler and Brown, thebailitf, were sent for to witness the signature of their master, and this supreme effort having been made, it seemed as if Sir Clement Dunraven's work on earth was nearly done, for he then lay back in his chair in such a condition of syncope that brandy had to be poured down his throat, and Dr Watson decided that he would pass the nightat Aboyno Court. But, considerint that he had been left executor and guardian to Lisa, and knowieg what his own feelings were towards Lisbeth, he did not believe himself to be justified in remaining there withoutlettinganyone know of Sir Clement's return. So he sent a man on horseback over to the Snngoery, to acquaintSir Miles with the fact of Sir Clement ID)nraven's return in very bad health, and to request him to ride over in the morninc. After a time Sir Clement rallied somewhat, and Dr Watson and the bitler got him to bed. ;LHe seemed in such a strange, semi-onscious state that the doctor took np his position in an armchair, and arranged for the butler to sleep in an adjoining- room, so that he might be at hand if his services were required in the sthe doofor had expected, the distress. Ing unreat which the unhiappy man experi enced was most sad to witness. In vain Dr •Watson tried every available means to quiet ShIim. He teossed ceaselessly from side to aide in feverish excitement, muttering every now and again somewhat incoherently; only Dr Watson, who held thie key, understood full well how sorely the pour distracted mind was tmroubled. As is frequently the case, with the breakof dawn the restlessnees and ex citement grew more intense, and the matter lupe became shonts and loud cries for help. Dr Watson was thankfnl thae the butle]r was aheavy sleeper. He would not for worlds have had him hear the unhappy man's ravings, and, violent though Sir Clement was, he pluckily determined to manage him, if pombl, by. . himself. ii o wdare corni betweei~nme and LtiS= beth. Ah ! the water is deep, and black, and cold. What! no movement, no sound, silence ! My God, what silence ! No voice, not a leaf stirring; nothing but that black, still water, and the rushes. Ah ! the ruashes will hide it. Let me go! Let me go! I can stay here no longer. Away, away, from Sthisterrible place. You shall not hold me; let me go. The police are coming! The manacles! The mob in the court I Old Jim's jibbering face! The gallows!" It was a fearful and awful sight this tor ture of mental agony, and in all his wide practice Dr Watson had never before wit nessed each a scene. He fought through bravely, however, and by means of an anesthetic , for which he had sent to his surgery early in the evening, he managed to quiet the agitated brain, and by the time the first awakenings of life were heard in the house, Sir Clement Dunraven had sunk into an uneasy, unnatural sleep; while as for Dr Watson, he was so exhausted by what he had gone through, that it was only by an immense force of will that he managed to pull himself together so as to be able to proceed with the terrible duty of tending this wretched man. Till this hour he had put away from his mind, as the mere chimera of an unhinged brain, Jim Gleodinning's assertion about the part which Clement Dunraven had played in the death of Pierce Vaughan. Now he had no farther doubt on the subject; the true murderer lay beforo him, and might even yet be brought to justice. Dr Watson thought that the hours of his life were numbered; still, there was no saying what turn he might take, or who might hear the ravings which could not fail to convict him. For himself, he]intended to say nothing ; the punishment Clement Dunraven had received was a heavy one, and who was he that he should deliver him over to the law, blighting the memory of one true, loving woman, and the life of another by his fall ? Many might cavil at, and argue about Dr Watson's reasoning, and how he justified himself in thus condoning crime, but he cared not. The presence of Death was omnipotent in that room, and the terrors of remorse accompanying it made all earthly punishment seem small and unreal. The efforts of those interested to keep Lady Gertrude and her memory free from the taint were, however, to meet with suecess, When Sir Miles Berkeley arrived, it was to find the snffererstillslumbering. Nordid he ever recovei sufliciently to recognise any of those who were about him. The terrible crisis was over, and, thanks to Dr Watson's loyalty, tLe dire events then revealed would never be divulged. Sir Clement lingered for many hours. vitality being stronger than the doctor had expected. He took what nourishment they gave him apathetically, but did not speak; the brain was numbed, and the pulse and powers were gradually growing feebler. Towards evening a tall figure in a long blue cloak came up the stairs with a halting step, and Lisbeth gazed for the last time into the living face of the man she had so desperately loved, that she had sacrificed all her happiness in life for his dear sake. She knew nothing of the will, nothing of what had been done for Lisa, and she asked nothing. All her thoughts were absorbed in him who lay there dying in the prime of his manhood, the victim of his own sms. Nor were there any tears in her eyes as she looked at him, but prayers, heartfelt and deep, were in her heart; prayers that he might not be punished everlastingly for his grave transgressions. Considerate always, Dr Watson went away, and left her with the dying man. He would not pry into the secrets of that woman's heart, and truly a veil should be drawn over her sorrow and her agony. Anhour later Clement Dunraven was dead, and the tall figure went down the staircase noiselessly, as she had mounted it. away into the silent night, where the moon, shining brilliantly to guide her steps, and the stars effulgently beaming, gave her hope that the pathway even through the valley of the Shadow of Death was not wholly drear, and that mercy was extended even to the greatest sinners. The news of Lies's 5eirship, which was spread about soon after Sir Clement's funeral took the entire neighborhood by sur prise, and, of course, various were the com. ments made upon it. Everyone whispered to his intimate that he knew the truth, had known it for years, hut no one guessed the riddlearight, save Dr Watson and Mrs Sin gleton, and they were silent as the grave wherein the dead lay buried. And so, after awhile, the gossip ceased, the social gatherings re-commenced, and the world ran on its usual course, as if Sir Clement Dunraven had never existed. Dr Watson took means to have Lisa edu. sated in a manner befitting her future posi tion, and was ably assisted by Lisbeth. Whether the little doctor will ever per suade Lisbeth to give up her " Home" and its suffering inmates, and begin life anew with him in the red- brick house on the out skirte of the town, is one of the problems of the future. Lady Marcia says that, of course, she ought to marry him, and that there is plenty of money to found a real big " home" in memory of Lady Gertrude. Hitherto Dr Watson has been too shy to put the question himself, and if the marriage takes place, it will probably be because Lady Marcia has brought it about. [TIE EnD.] 