THE GHOST OE OHUISTMA-S GULLY. ... ';. . . (For thb Sydney Fkeeman.) 9 ? OHAPTEE I.— Bustless. ? i 'Vis. about Zu\l o£ it. A ooint couldn't stand Ijonger } and God koowo thotfo'o littlo off yoae taint about rao.' And Jack StaplofoB, jaofc hosie feom bunaoae, sddecoQ'ng thoao uomatbo to hie pretty litUo wife, flung irimDalli npon a coach in tho fiidy, if not luxarioiia pasloai1, with too aii1 o? a deeply injured raoQ. ' What is tho mattes1, Jack ?' nsfeoa the littlo woman, with q toai' staging to ho? oyo. 'Everything's tho mattou,' was the not over . eivil Foply., ' EoteoachBoafc baa act ia at tho ofaoe ; and do a beginaing 20 pot' oonf . comes off all oalarieB.' ' Oomo,_ Jack ; I'm awo ycra saasfc bo CQEsish ing, aad I hovo a sice littlo diosioi? 2ov yon,' And Joaay Sfcoplofcoe fusfcivoly forashod away the teoro. Hoi? IreDbamd rooo, ood r;itfe Ma boob! Irioo, delayed throanh potaloneo thio ovooinK, accost. ponied bo? to 6ho dioing-t'oorao Tins GpDPtmoE^, like tho oae they heel jootlo?fc, r/ao itayaiofood with Q view to Goaafoci aether than elojianeo, giving teetimoay to fosaiEsino taofce and iagoaaity ofceug gling V7ifcfcs g alsDllow osehequo?. Two yoneo ago Jack Stopletoa arad Mo wjkg had ofcoi'tot! 'ihois SflattfioaoaiQl ©qfoof aado? Dwgpieoo o2 mora thoa avouago ooeeuity. Jeaay, aa oi5pb.0H, with taleata cad accomplish' meato, aafi q thcugaad patmds baat deposit^ Heoeipt, laol boon vary eotafo^tDbly eipenm° DtQEeod = 0) eorafo:tably, indoed, that JgcIi's good foi'sae isi wian''ng fooii1 had been pogapdod by many os oavioas aaole ©yo. Bofc n© oqo ooald acctco hies o? foriane-hntiting, fo? ho x?aa in a poait OQ tj give bee a horao v?orthy o£ her vyithoot iQiaEfopioR with has? littlo lioaed. He V7oo eoofidontial elek to a londiog ohippiag fipm in S^desy, aad uhon ho io^t hio prc-ttj) bride to fcasi? woll-appointod oaba^bciQ homo, ho Erao oblo So poiot iffiGmphaatly to bio owa banking 'aeeoaufc doable tho valaa oic hota. Jaoh'a SvG»aad«tT7GEty yoaFQ8 ospocionoo of tbo c/oFld Eaoy woll bo ouppoood fco hovo oat lightly epoQ hiffl with a puaoonfe apd fotavo do fres foom aasiety ; nod the hnoh atop aod feisifilinf? ox?© mfcta whioiii Tan mflfc onoh fln\7 pro^od fchafi bo una aofc uacoBSjioQG of iho good botgoiE ho had isaacle in V7ioaing tho ouaohlop Sittlo lady ho oallod h:s c;i£o. Tho saiaiag ' booffia ' o£ 1890 oQaao \7itb Its SeMpfeotioDO o£ booadless ispoaoibilitiao to tho ovee- osgop, oad JgcIt beooEao do cltoL'od man. He was, it io tsao, ot-U tho qdhI of gontloaeoD ia Mo bosao ; but tho yoang \7i£o noticod tbat &io; 07GniHgo booasao tinged mth moodiaeoo nnd secbleQDQOo 5 fchDu ho opaaraodicnlly ? oeonued doocEioQto aad oompovod 4hosa \7ifch tlio bgwq pDpeto, Cwquont'y loyiog 4a o lottoe aaido with a diosrastodl look; —that, iaoSiOEt, he had oome thiHgon bio raiad aa to uMoh ho had sao dooiro to enligbtoa hor. For 0OB3O time oho otood HpoH hos v/ooaaaly digaitys V7ithout is felio loaofc bot^ayiog her eon Darning aasiety ; but fcho mocaout came whon oho coald hoop oiloot qo longo? upon n motte? whioh seomod to bo oopDPGfcing thera more day by day. Tfooa ohohoccd tho worot from Jaeli'a own lipo. Ho hod nibbled at tbo ' good thing0' ffecomffisoodod by cifcy faionig. Mo hod opoea loted with ©70i?-grov7ing boldnoio in saining BboFoo that 5t ratJDfc go np, door boy/' cieoording to hio diQinfcoi'ootod stoohjobbing friondo, but which ooaaolaow hovol1 did. He had a bad attcob oS tho mo?al saoaoloa uifch ubioh tho ois seehods aad hio ooraad booiQeoo judpiinent did not avail agoinut tho Covo:? m'ging him ovai! on 6o oomo bou folly. Tfao aofct Keaalt o£ tbio iaaaaifcy voa that Jaoh'o two thoaoGBd pounds iud booa invc-Dtod in ' wild-cot ' miBiag cchoEaea i7hich should have yiolded millionQ— aceosdicg to proopeotnoeo and 'oamplo oynobingo'— bofe 'panned out' nothing moeo psofifcablo fchaa a pilo ol callo ; end to oavo hio ceodit in sioopoefc oS fcheso Jenny's thonnDQd poaodo qodq followed hia tr;o. Bat troablos, to qaofco tbo proverb, ssldoiH oomo olono, tho t ath o£ ubioh ^?ao povoi in Jnek'o oasj. Jack' a ohippiog iicaa loaffnod o£! hio pen ohaat fop tho stock exchange, oncl deapito bis OBBBronoo that he had dropped it, declared that Sheif eonSdonco, uofc in hio intsgtity bat ia hio sti?enRth oi oharDoter, was ftono ; and op, aa b'o qtrelily diaaove?od, x?aa hio honoai'od poafc in theie offioo. Jaoli foaod bq inforiot? aitcatioQ oloouhoi'o ; Dnd og Jenny bad codacod hot1 dozaoofcio ootab liov3Eaoat to tbo QcooDoovy staodavd, uitbont tnrfcoiling too taooh o£ tbo comfort oo dooff to tbo ovorogo htioband, thingo uont omoothily It \7Q'J a yonr siaoo tho ov:ioh bad oorao, and thoogb novel1 a hsussbus.1 oocapod Jonay'o lipo, oho £olfc thdb Jack v;no dioooatented v/ifch hio lot, oDgos to EotKievo hio psat foils', nnd, oho SeoKod, toady to fall into aome aov7 oae. And E0V7 Mo declci'ufcion that ho woo 'foil oitit' told her oioking hoast that fcho duoadod oi'iaia hed oomo. ' Jaelr, doou,' oho oaid qaiotly, whoa hot reosli of clearing tho fcabla had bcoa complotod ; ' do yoa Lot think it V7oald bo bottom to oubmit fo? the prisant to tho new ioxms P Wo can get aloDg oo nicoly, aad I ara onro yoa will reach oomothing bottom '— Soe1 oho had a aotioa that hio moa-ito could not pegs xranotico3 and un?ewQi?ded evoa ia bnay Sydnoy. Jaok'sraeo flaohod behind tho evening pnpeu he was uoadiag bifrot'o ho v/as ablo to bsoos himaeH by a otoady glaaeo at his ui£o. '? Taore'a ao aso bonting oboafc tho boob, Jenny,' ho aaid, with tho rapid uttoi'anco of one hslf=aoiaamod ci uhat iao had to toll. ' I'vo okoo3y told old Hosloton that I could not aabEQit to hio tosmQ ; ho oaid ho v?ao sorry, bus eonld nofc altou tfoora ; and — in a v70£d, I'm a £iqq moa.' 'I sappoao you hno'ii baa*, Jack; and I'm dqeo I would not fetand in you? t7oy. Bot do yora think yoa hevo aotod vyiooly in thpovying oway (ho diftj votes? befoirQ yota woso s-ureof tho cloaa P' That v?aa oil Jeaoy onid ; bat thovo was an QaeonEciouo popn'oaob, in hoi' quiet wcy o? oayiag it that agaia b^onffhi; tho blood to hia faoo. Novql1 boiOi?o, though tfeo pro^ooation wao gseat, had oho ohowo tho loaoS ovidonco o£ isapatioDee, o? offofed woi'd o£ blame. JNov, it aoddonly oamo homo to hioa £ot' tho momont tlaat ho might Iiavo doao 'C70!iioq thaa QDlxod hot1 advice. Bafc sfc V7Q0 too lato to baek oat. 5-Tho land Hod this way, Jonny,' lio vejoinodl ia o holf- eoosiag} holf-ohamofneod way. ' I I wonld rafchoi1 dio (Shora cootiaiae ao I havo beoa thca3 laot fcvolvo Eaoafclso. i oannot forget my boastly teoafcoaont of yon ; aad tho time had £o eoffiio whoa I Eaoot strive to aaako coplitution. Tlao timo hco oomo ; for I have a ochome oa hand ubioh I £aol onve will lead bs oa our £oot. My only troablo io that it involves out? oopcfatioo for a whilo.' CfuSJ I1U14 UUUU UHUUI/iy ilOUOUlUj^j l.'llli Lj UUU oiailoDt the mention o£ a aow ' sehQsao,' bofc at tho word £IoopoFatioQ' hoe v^omanhood i?e bolled, and oho oraoko mom hotly thaa v?oa hok' woav-. a Eoe Hsavoti's sake. Jack, do aofi opoak to big o£ any oehema that would separate ts?. You know how Billy it is to talk oi postitution to me. Youi' lot to tho ond shoald be mine ; and i£ yoo have work to do, lot me at leoot bs at houd to eisoer you.' Aad bee voico choked with a big Bob which struck upon Jack'o heart like tho blow of a hammer. ' God knows, Jonny,' ho oaid gsovely, ' how hard the trial of laaviag yoa will be to me. Do aot mako it harder ; £o? it moot be ao 1 hove Qoid, But oheoi' up, little girl,' ho added* his gaiety L'oturaian J ' I havo a ehauoo o£ naalring a big cooop.' Liotoa. I have boon told of a Gjpofc oa the Sorathera i?GBgsB whero a hoop of gold lies Eoady ios feoco who oro not afeaid to look for It— Eaoaning me. The only raaa who knouo o£ it— I bo&ioadod; hiEa oqco, and ho would! dio foe mo — will bo nay guide and partner iis tho affciso Wo will havo c icoughioh bit of i/oni — boo EoagQ !£ob you, jaaaj — io gatuiog tho^e 5 bot ouce oa the spot and— hoy ! Sou a Hifo in clovoff ovor affcet?.' Ho looked up ifoi? approval ; bat finding that laio sGiaoiblo little opouoe wao iaot fired by hio oua aplendid onthuoioom, ho saore gobekiy eo OGIEOd — 'I oholl noed a little — vary littlo— money £01? 0 otopfc. Givo eho £10 ol tho £50 ycre havo oavod. The E'OQsaindoE? will iplnoo joa fooyoad want till I pottiYB.' 'How fas? do yod oappooo it io to thia El Dorado P' Jeany aoked with %ho loaoi; toaeij of oareaom. u About fotik1 hundred sailea by soil, and caothor fifty or go through tho baoh.' ' And do yoa oappoae £10 will bo auffioienfc £0 equip and carry yots that dioiaaee P' she aoked. 51 1 ohall havo my way in thio SBattor at leaot. Yoh muot kalzo half the fifty jooaodD, and will fiad that littlo onoagh,' So, aftGL1 Domo oligbt domtji1 oa Jaok'p part, it wao ooUled. And fchoa oaaao tlio qoooiioa as io v;hesa ho wosld nicM. 'Wo do aofc intoad '£0 lot tliG gi'DDQ gsow oador om foefi,' wdd tbo laughiog ?eply ; ' so wo feave Dffi'ongodl to toko tho saail taain on Bosiog Day.' ' Whci 0 Ohriotsoa i6 r/all bo, Jocks looking forward to oar Srot partiag!' ' Pleaao HoqvqHj Jooay, ook aost Ohriotmao will make ap fop ifc. Bat with poverty otaring oao in tho t:aoo, aobody will eoavieco ao that Ohi'iatraao can evas.1 bo happy.' 0(1 Ah ! Jaeks' oho £ighod5 ' 16 ia Glwaya hoppincGQ OBoa^h fou mo to bo ufoes?G yos aw ; and, darlinft, do not bo nngry with me ffos? ooying it, but oar pyoopoofc waa not quito what you any till to-day ; and who io to blame for that P' Jaok'o aagei' wao not far oS at thio; but, foeling tho jaotioo of tho !?emork, he swallowed hio wcath in oiloaco. Ohi'iolmaa ODme and went, and her bitternoBs of aoal wao borne withopfc farther word of s?GE2onotpnne0 or oigh of grief in her baBbond'o preoooeo, by tho bravo little wiito. Bafc Jack Staplotoa woald havo pauood oven thao had bo Isaor/a how tho pent-op agony woald biirat Sotih wbon ho taraoc! hio back apo n tho eloaod dooi? on Bos lag Day, 0HAPTEB II.— Oheiotmao Gully. Why it wao oallod Christiana Gully waa a moot- poiot, npoo whioh no one seemed oblo fo opo.ik with obooluto outhoifity. With tho awfal siloaeo which pervaded the oraot—a brooding oilonoo, aabroken by bullock beli^oz? othoj ooand of asttlemant—ono might Bot inaptly associate tho Gcbore;1 thoughto in* spirod in eeligiono Eniodn by tho holy season, Bat eo6 ©vflE by Mask Tnpley himaolS eoald ony oaggGotion o£ Morry Chriataas be evolved out o£ tikono na'iodj brokea-faeed ranges— (bleck £eosa foeqaont Seoo, aad otill oaore hidooasly aearred aod diaSgnrod by n oae-ticao 'unsb.') — which olopod fcrgk on oithos; siJo o'c tho ravine ; maeh looo opt of that auofcovo basalt blwfi whioh fi'ownod at ito ocrathora ostrosaity. Amongot vopy old hondo in thoao pos?tp, indeed, q tradition wao eariroat thai1, ia tho days whoa Molbcumo ns a ci5y wao yet ia its swaddling clothes, a party of cafctle- drovaro, eag^i1 to Dtriko tho City of Tooto whiio famine pricoo ruled, had after iofiai'e trouble and dioaotGE1 rm%de thio cpot their Ohyistimag rendezvous ; and ihea, in the spirit of true buohsaon, had cofflnjrmorQtfd tho event and enriched the gazetteer 0! We 57 Sooth Wfiles at one stroke by naaicg their caH3ping»p,iiioand OisciotiHaa Gully. Foe n generation at loasi Ciiristmno Golly had boon segGi'dod fas? and aoas ao an naeaany opot, Co bo avoidod by the fasailiat' trovelloL? no a L'3otiag»p!aeo, ovge at tho aoot of 0 day'o dotoair. iLrJk tho Gvorago oottlor within a radiuo o£ fifty miles i£ ho had over boon thora, and a eigaifi can'o Dhaka oi the head woald oatiofy yoa that ho had neithoL? boon aov wioibed to bo. To aeeouat foL' this evil siopato, U'Qvellojro, It woo ofursaed, who had paid tho plaeo a visis nod oasapod a night there, novoi? doliberatoly repeated the esporiiaont. Oao and all doclarad the gnliy to bo hatmtod ; aad the osntral fsot apon whioh all thooe storieo coincided wnQ tho noctns.'aal appeornnoQ of a opeetral patriarch of tho buoh bonding oves? thorn whoa they awoke ia the night. A low hardened cyaico, it is tcua, at first spent fcheis? ghaotly hamoas? ovos? tho mottos? hy ouKgooting predatory jaotivao for eho ghost'o atfceotioao, iaaataueh as oa saoro than ons ooeaaioo the visit wao followed by the dioap psapaneo of naeh ee aaooaoiderod trifloo' ns tobacco aad ' taeker.' Bat those bold oritieo were in the end frowaod dowa ; and ao thoy never followed up their theory by perooaal in vdotigatioD, tho mystery of ChriDtcsoo Gully remained do maeh a mystery ao ovei' to the saperotitioao baohmon, aad the gaily wao given c wide bsEfch. Tho pioaeoi? party who8 oooordisag to fcendifeion, InGd givoB tho pkco ito nAme, had aot dopai'ted as thoy oame. Oao of tho nambes had been loot— Mo fate aevet' eloared up ; and the goiasi'al eonsQaowD o£ IooqI opinion ia oourae o£ fiiiae capeeotifcfo'aoly oonnoofiod tho woii'd old onaa who novy oseseiood a p?Q=oaptiv3 right to tho gaily with the missing otookmaB — io all probability saasdoEod by ouo o£ Ma sBateofaad doomed to ' vioit the glimpooo of fee Eaooci' till the oaorot wao revoalodo Sileot nod ilooei'Sed oad avoided by aan though how H wao, dhriotmaa Gully oomai, gq wo have already hinted, way book in the early narifovoao dayu oi tho oolooy, have beess tho abode of baoy handrodo. Thoao rude upheavals of tho noil oe oithos? oitSo of tho tiny stream (ihat trickled kaily along tho bod 01 tho ravine &om; the base of tho baoalt cliff, otood as G-othio moQamooto of a period whoa many heasts, now otillp palpitated there with wiid hope ; and braway oi'raQ, how cold, thoro sought to aalook tho yellow motal horn Wataro'a treaaury. Au smaginativo man viewing theoo oigHQ eould oasily fill tho droary oolitudo with a multitude of ghostly minet'G EoiGele3oly plying tho avoca tion which once snuot have mode the guarding hills resound with its bustle and olaagou?. And tho mental picture compared with the actual wqo aofc 0 plodQoat one. 0 0 0 0 K'o EjnQ uao lilioly to be more impreGsod in &liic; way 6baa Paal O'Hara, whD oombined a thorough knowledge of tho gally'o anteoodonts with ae qwo of the oupovoatuvai drank ia through greody enva Qmifi the logoad-haaated hillo oad glean ox Iioload. Aad yet one oifjhi not havo ouopeeted thio dg, oqo E30?niag so the opriug of '92, whilo tho eootoL'Q hei^hfe paa Dilhotsotfod agains!; the brifjluteoiQE Eky^ Paal'a clone tonoB rou.sod tho cehoeo to one of Mooro'o melodioo. A teooe it wao, too, which m'gbt have bfoaghd him a foy Suno had be oboaen to sot a pecuniary value apoa its pooaooeioa. Had ho boea inclined, how ovor, 'to dovoto that or any ethos? talent to pi*o° fitablo ipiai'poDOj lie would aot at that moment havo boon aoing his vocal gift aa a Roy aecoin° panimont to tho propagation of tho DCDBlieot of breakfaots. Hio 'eai'tb-otciined oletbeo pi'c oHboso elofcboD, a mines decidedly 'down on hia luck.' Tho first glanrjo at hio EiQRgai'd face, unkempt hals? and beard, and general omoIods nooo G3 io oppoaronoo, v/ould have pvedigpoood one toils hio ago at fifty— bo had not reached thirty. A second look mip.ht bavo discloood a lutlrioR hucacui1 in tbo oaro^osn foatuvea~a oei- fcoin devii'mny-oat'o grnoo ia tbo '? sit' ol bio woll-woi'u hot ovoa— thofi would havci attracted 0 GtlJ0Qg6B'.__ Paul O'ilayD wna ev vognboad. by pvodilociioo; bat a 'white iosak' amongot his followa to the opiaal ta arrow. 'No-7, Jack; iho banqast ia i'3ady.' _ be caid with tho rich accent oS tho adapted lL?i9h mun. And, rcioifffj bio eyea from fclao 'billy' into whioh he bad jant dropped 'ho dry t d, wo c?'aneod ia the diraotion o£ a. .fi^ura ds oatie aa big owii, seated doj notedly catside a bark 11 humpy' a drzan yards sway, end in whom it Ep wculd havo boon diiBcalt to detect tbo erstwhile w\ hondsosar, woli-groomod Jsok Stsplsfoa o? ' the Bi c:ty.' 'f Why, man alive,' Paul added, 'that's M\ ap ? If it's nnothes? fit of tho blues chat's upon m\ yoa, ht mo recommend a square isoal and a m] dav'a hard graft ns an anfniling core.' H| ' Oonfoand breakfast/' wt-s tbo ungracioas raj roopoaso. ' I bavo ooajetbinK eloe to think of, gf And coafoai3(I work, {00, ia this hole. Are you mi any hand at Boravolliag drcaajo, Paul P' ho oaid Hi aith enddeia intoreat, his mnto haviag moan- §[l while taken his seat bosido h;a30 * M\ 11 That depends upon the drsam.' H ^ ' Hgvo you ooy f cvitla in this pbyobie forca K thoory, abaufc wbfc'ii Stead is making so much M\ ifaso — telepathy, ho calls it p' ' Ml ' To fe!l yoa the truth, Jack, tho Ecbj «cfi, wilh H, its 'sub-conscioua' t.hi?jgembobs, and' the tall fir ya-na (old to pvo?o it, have had ao opociol at- M- trEctioa for eso. Bat if jogVo been dreaming, §§; let's he&r; your dk'eara.' M\ Feiiher of thsm opobo for oorao lainatag, dap- W'] ing which O'Easa phlsgtaatically manehod dry M\ damper, vrcohod down with scalding tea. Jack ^ ? StspletoB it wao who bi'oke fiho oilenoo. W 'Isapposo, Paul, you will say I'm a eon- ? Hj &'oondod ao3— on geaet'ol groaado yon weald nofc Wg\ bo far h'om tho snarf-— -bat anybow, hoie goes. ffl] Yoq V7e?e not long coiled up in your blanket §1' last oigbt fco^oro you slept ao oaly a mc\ who M, did you? fcraoip ygstepday could sleep. Foe my- || aolt I opent the long boara iiotening to yoap m\ heavy bi'OGthiag and the beating wind and cain M without, reckoning cp whot 1 Saad to Qhow but K wasted tims fo? the poet nine H3onih-3. 1 am io , m bloEae; and I am aot tho man to cry over spilled H; milk ; but hoxr eaa 1 forgot what it all szjoghs m to my wife ? When I think o£ Ihat—bsh ! that m I should contintie to live it out is oaly a inv ' M tiei.' pEoo£ o£ my n'tav dobaooment. Aad ycfc fivoo yooi'D ago I should hardly havo been looked ajjoH ao a fool or a cGlloai3 b'^ats. But these xnaatba o£ ?ot3gh eEpoeience, with theii' daily olti-i'DQtiog fevoE1 of hope and cold ohivop of di?' appointment, have innght ma a looaoa. The lessou baa been a tharp penaaco. Lika many anothei1 gambler my cure boa perhaps come toa lato to bring happinoss to aae oi'miae ; hot com© it has anyhow, and I leave thio m^noi hole to day.' O'Hasa, it hos alaeady boon oaid, had little cloim to eoQvontional !?&opoetability.; Wheiu five yearn bovoi'o ho had departed from hio Gal' way hope, with the blessing o£ hia family Eing- M ing in his earn and something osore oab&taatial;! R jiagliag in bia pookof, ho had left conventional gfr ueopectability behind. To do bioj strict jastioe, the family benodiotiou was remembered long DictoE 6ho monoy was speat. His one adeeming viitae wan aaoliatcd gyotitado for a service ; and it wao a kindneso which Jack Staple ton Boot ooown aim as a critical time wmco Had lad to fehoip joint labours at Ohristmcs Gaily.. A oouplo of yearo psevioaaly Poal'o variegated coloaial oxpeBiooce had led him, with a conge aial ao'ei'-do-woll nomod Diek Dc-woll, to pros poet the gully Sot1 gold, fop no ssplaiaable Eea ooq, oppot'onfcly, thaa that tho place had the repafation of being worked oat. Bat tho Fielsls Goddooo hed aaoxpoctodly omilod upon thorn, io the shape of a rioh roof which promiged them woalth beyond theic dreamp, and certainly be yond their deserts. They kept then1 discovery '0 themselves, and neither wqs ?' tbnfty' enoagb to doubt tho loyalty of the other. One day, on 'iis rotasn from a fofc'ojjing ospedi(ion} O'Hafo waa suvpnaod to see tbot his mate had .disop« ponred : and his oarpriao wqs rmoceeded by hcrro? at tho discovery of bloodstaina obont the vicinity of the reef. Ho immediately fled the gaily, and bad carried the secret about with him M fo? two yeavs, till gratitade, and psshaps cnt M acooDS 0? oomm'ja OGnse, had led him to reveDl M to Jnck Siapleton when dovya on big lack the M QsiDtoaoo o£ the soof. Bat tho cU'eamstonoe o£ m Ifta discovery and abandonmont he neither chose m to divalge nor Jsck to aGk. M Strange to aay, on their arrival at Christmas M Gaily, to PGal'o cotisxornGtioiJ, lie fousid that ia ^ the iatexval certain importsnt iQEdauEks hnd §| disappeared ; no eiga of the old wofkiDg woa W visible ; aad jfoi1 aaae monfchp, doopito their joint W oeafeb, ia all seasons and often hungry, theie §1 only eeword hod been an oocrj&ional; 'opock' which M enabled tho tv?o to keep body and soul together. if Jack's faith ia his ocmponion'o veracity had ra been proved by the doRgod pcjoeveranco with M which ho had otuok to the frail hope that in time §1 luok oc Paal'o momory would befriend thorn. m Bat Qow_.he had saddoaly annoanced his de- M termination to bo fooled no longer. m, 15 Oa tho whole, Jack, I plead guilty to being m ano-accouat touov/, kuoiike peracips 1 coma aiso | plead that tho oaly viotim to say ohoEtcominp;s ia 1 myoelf. At any sato I never V7ao acoaood yet o£ i fioinR book oq 0 mat?. Yoq kaow littlo ol moj I Jack, before wo ctiEae toRcthei1 here, oscopt that 1 yoa had pondered mo a aok'vice that ohoald win a 1 man's friondohip foi1 ovot.1 ; bat yoa traotod me, 1 and do £ge I havo failed to Baako p.ood my woe&. I Leave me, U yon hava made ap yoav mind, for I 1 havo no heai'fc toook your farther patience ; bat E — goo3God! yoa Garoiydo nofc boliovome oaoh I a cfcank ao fo Uavo docoivsd you, Tell mo oag I couiro.dcGhip ot leant hzu pivsa yoa e, botte? I opinion,' 0'Hovaopoko whh an excitement uc- I ucnnKohim; ond hie flashed fnco ohowed how I deeply Jcok's v/oi'da had aftoetod bitQ' 1 41 1 have already told you,' aaid the latter, ! ?' ihtit I blame mjqelE only- As fordoabtiDg I yoursnotiva — well, did J, this is tho eortof erga? I meet I'd uso with such a blackguard '-'teaching ;,8 revolver which just peeped oat of an hip pooket. 'And tho fittest argument, too,' rejoined O'Hara, relapsing into his old gaiety and eisa 0? manner. ' But, Jack, your dream, 'It mttot hatfo been that latfcor you brought ma from Wa«Gbambi pestoflko that sct^mj thinking last nifiht,' responded StapUfcon. 'And no wonder. It was my biter, written to my wife three months ago, rotarnod from Sydney ' un claimed,' No wende* I should think over my worse than folly. How long I lay awake 1 hardly know ; bat my ears oil at once ebar ened to tho sound of a stealthy step. Eising quickly With my revolves: eeady, I looked ; bat in the sain-dimmed moonlight I could distinguuh nothing among a thousand shadows to acconat foe tho sound. E-saming my blanket, I re solved to keop eye and ear elett ; bat after sis-oiaing bo'h BensfB he seme time, a hiatus cccufo in toy reckoning that mu^t have been sleep. I say must bava been, tfcongh it seemed as n tho simo trsin of thooght had been anbroVen, when I 6aw tho shadow of a man thrown upon the caavaa doorway ; then the osnvoB raised, Ftvoiling tie figuio of an a2ed roan, eqiilline-featured and bearded like E*p Van Winkle, but with &ueh; a siniskr - xpresuon as oae could sever associate with that essy going Knickerbocker. Beckoning me with talon-liko fir.ger, Billy-willy I followed him through the pitiless pain, till he stopped at the foot o£ the hanging i?ock, where he suddenly d s appeered. I wee paralysed with a osdeo of desdly dangoi1 such a« seizes one in a nightmare. I felt powerksa to Ate from it, whatever it might bos when very softly my arm wa3 toucheo; the wordc ' J^ck ; Jack ! ' m a frigfc toned voice which I knew ennssd mo to tarn my head, tni I felt that my wife stood beoide men. Than a dull explosion which shook tho ground, ard a piercing rcvoum ns oi an affrighted animal ; end-all wna over. I had boea creaming. Hesveno ! whet a relief it wco to opoo my eyes and find that tho day bed dawned. But I have not got ovep it yet ; and not all tho wetlth oi the nniverre woald koop bio boro a day longer with the olenp duty bofceo ma of (lading my wife.' 'This is offDago, Jack,' said 0'IJara, whoss face was whito with o foor which no phjsical daDger would have aroused in hira. Yonr old man is wonderfully liko the Ghoat o£ Obrifctmss Gully. I know yon l&ugh; at that stcFy bs p-)re fancy. It fs ao fancy, however, for I ht.vo eeon him mycelE thio very moon, ]us^ G3 youv d?esm iriotared him, aad as I have heard him described before. I did no*, tell yen ; fov, honeGtly, I dreedod yoae xidieulo. I mu?t admit Fd pvefi s youe eompony to bio ; but I'll otick to this job, Jaok, till I euocoed ov die. If the foi-ffif r hap pens, old follow, I'jI Bofc forget yoo ; :A the letter, think kindly of mo ao o poos devil who bad d couple oi: soft opots in hia heart— one of them icon1 you,' And with averted £aeo ho wrung Jack's hand, Bud left him. A few minuteG lotes Jeck St?ple(on had turned his back upon Chsistmas Gully. CH&PTER; III,— The Ghost is Laid. A month lotee J^ck Stspleton had chsped his wife to his boeonj, cxpr^essd mnnly oontri 4ion for hio past folly, and registered a vow tba she shouldlnovo? again suffar through his fault. Ho had found bev offer a world oi trouble, enS only thon by nrans oi tbo ' Mi§siDg Frioada' column of a nowspopep, upon which he bod spoDt tho SffGt Esonoy ho bed earned cinco bis ratuen to Sydney. Ho did not lenrn till Igdr BftogwnrdQ bow ohe had suffered ia bio cbseneo — how, yathoiL' -1iqe- leavo tbe houso they had oc ctipiod together &ha; hed sold chattel aftoi' chattol 4o meot tho rout, till at lccstahobad yDvted with them cllj and could livo the^o go Jongop, for tho littla oha could ca?a by hes hondo woo bordly oafficieat to Gnpply he? witb food. 'You know, Jack,' oho told biro, ' the ?nneertQinty ofyoui1 return made mo cliagnnlorg qs pOBoiblo to my projudiee Qgcinst seeking a prope? moans oi living indopondsntly, jos I felt that yon would be humblod if I did ;' and pho laughingly patted tho gvave broczsd fp.ee- Bat when the inevitable timo arrived, the bravo spirit of tbo little woibbs guided hoe Bright, and Jack hod foand her pnlo and careworn through anxiety kok nxm, oni ooaisorcaDiy ioagecs wita a family an goveencee. ' PIorbo God, Jenny, you never again nead seek a homo v/i'h strangers/' said Jack. ' I hovo olracdy found work to keep us both, and I will not nek tho substance for the shadow this (inse. My poo? little girl! Bnt I will live to make fall reparation for the past.' ' It waa all for me, Jack dear,' wee tbe d? pre- eating reply. 'I cevee lost sight of thef ; aod oh! how ycu must bfsve soffored, and too proud to give in o? let me know. Jack, one night I saw you lying in a bafc. I sps sure I was not . quite asleep, for I was thinking of you, when tbe picture rosa before me. I all at onco folt that you were in deadly peril of you? life, and bs by & lightning change I saw you led to a rocky pleca by a dreadful old man. Thon I screamed ' Jack !' and I geroombei? no more till 1 fonnd mjBoHi; immmndsd by the family in my room. They hsd hoard ray cry, aud barsfc opon my doors to find mo in a fifc of hysterics.' ' Can you recollect tbe oigfrt, Jenny P' 11 It was tha 15th of October, jast a month ego,' was tho soply. Thst was tho night before Jaok left Christmas | Golly. i ? ? . . It was Curisfrrasfl Eve, Jack Stsplaton had written a report of bis doings to .Paul O'Hars on finding Jenny well, bnt had received no reply, at wbie^ho wss hnrdly eurprised, oo Paul wee aot likely to vitit Waryabambi often. Ha bad naturolly been led to think of him now—for it was just a yeas? since they bad srranged to leave | Sydney together— awl woa iuclined to thiak kindly of the enant man who had vainly tried to ' raise his fortunes, when Jenny bunded him a telegrc-ES which had thnt mome. t Dmved. 16 ?esd : — I 'December 21, 1892. ' Oomo at once, Jaok. Djing, ' Paul O'Haea, ' Warvoboiabi Diutriot Hospital.' ' I cannot disobey thio somiuons, Jonny,' said Jook, handing $bo meEsogo to his wife, 'BohomiDD ds he is, PgqI O'Hqtg is fehe noblost j mon 1 over met.' , Two Iiooi'o lotdv he wos odos more on tho mail ( train trave)l;ng Sou'h. 'About two months,' O'Harn gsopod in reply to Jock's question qo to how loDg he hud beer. stretched tnero. 'It hspponed tho moramg yon loft mo. After hearing your dream, sometbing told mo fco go to tho hangiag-rock. Whea I ccmo in view of tho spot I was cpeeeklsss v?ith omazGinont at what I bdw. The reck woe so Icngec there — bad been shifted, I suppose, by tlio heavy rein oi: the Bight before, acd now Icy Dtthebotto'B of fcho gully. Thon it came to taoiiko en isspi a'ion why I had been iKiablo to locate fcho reef. Sinoo ray previoaa visit tho {jock hfid slipped itom tho uppc' psit of tho hill sad its downward course had been OHresfced by the opsn working Dfc the soof, which gave it o temporary lodgnsenfc. There wot the roof right enough, howovor ; bufc nBoth?r surprise awaited rao when I got to it. Somebody nan at heve re cently workod cfc ifc, fos a pick and shovel fresh fzom uso liby in tbo hole. I madly sot »o work to jemove tbo earth which hr.d caved in by tho diapleooiaent o?. the rcobj end was still no en gaged whon a groan ccma up from the botiomo' tho gaily, is the direction of ths rock. Ensh ia§ dov/nhill, 1 mot a sight at which tho blocd was el most fk-caen in my veins. Tncre lay ti'e old mon of youp dtoam — the man whos as tao Ghost oi OhriBtmas Guliy^ hod eo long caused tha piaoe to bo avoided bs uuoanny. Then I oould eee a dork dood of the pn&t;, vdwaya a myBtery to mo before, revealed bs in a mirror. You muBt hove often wondered, Jaok, how I evet eonio to forsake such a treasure as I was to load you to, and why I never mentioned it to the rasa who chummed with me so long. I'd good reason fit the time, Jaok, but I'll keep tothipg from you now.' And ho told him the story of Dick Darrell'a mysterious disappearance, and hia owa wild flight iiom the bloodstained claim, 'And yea think tbe old man was the mar do;or cf Darrell ?' Jack asked. ' Think! I know it. He murdered hira, as he intended to murder me too at the time, £o? the snka of^ tho gold. Ho has done foe me nfc lost; but it is foe disappoint' mont find hate. But to return to the moan ing you left. I found the old mnn — horribly crashed, bnt still olive — nsor the rock. Whoa I approached to osQiot him ho turned apoa mo n fcoo diotoi'tod with pain ; but in d anothoj? Eaomenfc that eKpceasion had ehemged £o ono of such ooucontroted molevrlsDeo qs it wdq poaoiblo £op nny laumaa feco to p,B9unie, ' It'o you, is li P' ho roognod. 8 You'll havo i£, oEtoc all. You'll fiud yoae mofce'o boaca clenn oaough booido tho see? tip ihevQ. Yoheo oad jobs.1 now matG^o v/ould havo boon about boicose now, only I spared you both to oojoy you;? daily diecproint' ment. Eool ! aofc to koow wnoso you left tho gold/ Ho Doomod to bs oshoBoted by the esti' lion of folkiner, end lny back oi'enf, and epp: Eonfcly Buconocious. I oould aot see tho mun— I snupdorei1 though ho v7Dq— eo Ojfushsd without giving aim d helping bond ; do I filled my hat with water, and d&BkiDg; oozao ol ifc upoa his he?, revived him ond then songht to i]6is3 him (o a more oomfortable position. While doinr- od I sadflODly felt n oborp pang in tny lolt side as oi aomothing ontovirig my voi'y vitalo, Weak ao ho was, lis hod Qtobbod mo. Tho light left my eyoo, and I I'enaemboi1 no naora till I looked ni'ound mo, v/eak from less o£ blood, to find tho old as tin stark dood besido me, bia hand still olotohiag the knifo ho had acad upou me. Staac'hisg tho v/opnd aa well qo I oould, I oom moneed tho long journey to WDTi'obombi. How I veaohod he?o, God nlono knows. I only re. momboj; being put to bod, nnd thon there vjfqi a long opoll of inaonGibilitjj feom which I awoke yesterday, to lecm that youf lettop hod been lyisfj in tho post-office. They had fouod ssy aamo in my pockot-book, else I euppocs I ohotild hevo diod without Jjaawiag your addioss ; for it is to that factthct I owe the E-ocoipt of tho Io-tof. 'Yog will fiad ovepything at the Gaily as I have told you, Jack, and tho oleim is jutt'y yoni'G. T«o tbingB only I woald wish you to do when I nm gone. Deal cqaoroly with my poos.1 old fathGi.1 aad mothoe ia Ireland. Thoy Q6V0H had much good of ma living ; let thorn at least benefit by ray death. AndiE poa oves find the JOEsamaof poor Dassoll, give thorn Ohtistian bariol, for my sekf.' ? ? ? o o L:ttle yemsino to bo told. Tho discovery of tbo great Lost and Found roef in the apparently worked-out Christmas Gaily, Had its oabssquent 8»leby Jack Stapleton, the lossoo, to a kaowing syndicate for £50,000, are m altars of recent his «ory. It msy interest the reader to know, how. over, that Paul O'Hara's doubla trust was loyally discharged by Jack. When Dick Dar roll's rennina were found— as they shortly after , were— they were reverently laid to rest in conse crated ground bseido those of hiB' quondam '. mate. Aa to the lattor's family, if you woald know how generoaBly they fared At Jack's f hands, ask some recent arrival froai Galway ; for I the whole county still Kings with the news I1 of the great foi'tuno loft them by their scrape- | graoo son in Anctralio. ;; OonceEQiafv tbe Ghoot o£ OhristEaos Gully, ifc ii is bordly ncooooncy to toll tho eocdor that with :; tho buFiol of tho old mna Lio dgoe3o to lacivo boon most effectatilly osoroisod, oiooo tho Doaataption of O'Hqi'd that iko iuo wouo lodcntionl is p?o= bably gonoi'clly oharod. Bat who tho old raaa . was, oe whoa and whonoo lie ooaao to ChriotffiQQ Gully to terrorise tho tFavollors ia ac aanola a '[ moot-poiiife CD over. Fop whefc wioo pofpooo mostclo aro oooddioeio : ally poraitted a cloii'voyaafc gliEBpoo iaio tho t otherwiao ankDowablo, guoEi ao that oyEipothe^o 6ao of Jack cad Jonay Stcplotoa, it would b© idle to discuoD, and woi'o bont loft to fhoao who efflict a bnoy would with aucln absfcraoo quoofcions- Such ibiDgo do undoubtedly occqe from timo to timo ; and tho writer may eoaeludo with the assurcnoa thct thio true narrative would aot now see the light, had lie not recently eorao acrcQD the following item io a New Zsnloact jouraal : — ' Mjs. Williamo, o£ Dovoapouf, 3KZ., wboso daughfejo woi'o aboced tho Wah'crapa whoa oho was wrockod, Miss Sai'Qfa, Will araa being drowned, had on fstrao?dino?y daODEJ on the night o£ Sondcy week. She eaid aho droasat ihat she ddw her doaghtoi?c and o third peFaon standing oq d coeli while tho wqvqd mvge& vonnd them. Bho cwolro tit 12.15 — obaul; fivo minuteo tftor tbo ship c-truck. So imptoseod wao oho with shio diream, which wds ostEcovdinorily vivide that sho related it to several porsoao bo^oee the nono of tho wreck eomo to hand.' ? J B. 