PRESBYTERIAN GENERAL ASSEMBLY. MODERATOR'S ADDRESS. Tbe General Assembly of tbe Presbyterian Church of South Australia met at the Flinders ? street Lecture Hall on Tuesday evening. The AcsinR-Moderaior (Rev. A. C. Sutherland, B.U.) occupied tbe chair, and after conducting the opening services ho de livered the followm? addrtes on ' Reoeot and Present Events iu Our Religious Lifo :'- ' It is to myself as well as to you a cause of much regret that I should be obliged toappear bofore you again ai Moderator owing to the resignation of our eateetnod brother, the H«v. Mr. Mam. Our good wishes will follow him in bis retirement, and our |-rayer is tbat hit health may be re-established, to thnt his ex perience and powers inny be stiil of use to the Church he has served eo faithfully. I propose to reler very briefly to recent, and indeed present, circumstances in tho ecolcmsticM life of our colony. Thene certainly »ro of very much interest in various directions to all who talce en interest in the moral and religious wellbeing of tho community. What han trau spired shows in a manner not to bo umtakon chat human natura is still capable of being iu terested, roused, and stirred even to excite m«nt in matters that an* not material, but spiritual, when a man with special |a-vnrs and gifts takes it in hacd. In moat men tbero lio beneath the apparently solid cruit of oustom, iormality, greed, ambition, or frivolity deep waters, waiting to flow upwards when the piercing word reaches them. We have hid fr*th proof given to ut that tbe Spirit of (Jod worketh, when where, acd how Ud pleueth ; that the Almighty is really independent of epscisl organizations, thoufth to some minds it is almost a scandal that tie should work graciously outside clear cut lines drawn by properly constituted Synod or Council, Extern or Western. Tbe main point in the organizing life, not the renul tarn organization, which is always chang ing, always casting off waste material and assimilating new. Wbat bas happoned amongst u- in theso days m%y be referred to m an illustration of this obvious, but not prac tically accepted, commonplace. Let me draw attenton in tho first place to tbe departure of Bishop Kennion from our shores to occupy a more auRint [wsition— it is to at leant from certain point* of viuw in the larger and fuller life at home. We have no hesitation in testifying gladly to the influence for good which be exerted, not only in his own aomtnuoion, but in the community, where his position gave bun an opi»-rtunity to address himself to all. but be lia.i -aore than the van tage ground of his position; he wai, though sot without limiting qualities, fit to use it. I don't think God ever takes an ais tn do the work of a warhorso, external advantage or no id vantage. With no protonsion to genius, raried learning, or uvormsstpring o!o inence, and with his ontlook on the religious world narrowed by the insular Anelioaainn— spttcisJIy injuUr in this cast— -f Daan Ho k, of tint- class paroshial fame, as iistinfruished from tb« nobler Aaglicanism of Bnglitfh Hooker nnd Amcrieau Brooke, Dr. Kennion has nobly pressed upon ua tho olaiins if the spiritual life. We regret hid limitation, -ui rejoico i& bis fidelity to bia convictions, be grace of hie character, the good he wcomplitbod in «pito of the Dean Hookian ine which prevented him from doing nore than socially shaking hands witb nen more enriched with the gifts of the Spirit) and with brighter aposmlio Heals to heir ministry than were allowed even to him. -Ve shall follow bis uareur with much iiterejt. Vs I am dealing witb this subject, supreme in ts importauce, permit me to call attention to i powerful artiulo in tbo curront number of ha Nineteenth. Century by *-hat great tbeo Dcinn, Mr. (iladncono, dealing with this very [iiestion ol shaking hands across the lines of Jean Hook. ThabrnvooldvntrranbMathoory oi innunurcn, tooogn moaiuea irom woat u was sixty yean ago, wbioh m»krn tho Church ol England for Rngland the grouud and pillar ol the truth, and therefore, according to all rule, tbe special grtces of GhriDiinniiy ought to be found and flourish there alone. Out then John Buuyan, Milton, Itutherford, Dr. Dais, aud thousands mtro of equal faith, ii not of geniur, did not, and do not, reek on thii pillar. Tbe accomplished scholar has the same difficulty in reionoilin^ the undoubted facts with his tbaory that the C»lvini*l has in reconciling freedom with predesti nation, or the philosopher ia resolving the contradictions that meet him in coosciouenen. S«niible men accept ibmu an both true. Mr. Gladstone cannot boldly anqnij non-episcopal Ohurcho! of heresy and ouhiain, even tboush they hold tha great reritios of the ap mtoiio doctrines. He would gu further than Bishop Kennion in Christian fellowship, would stop aoron the line a bit with suoh Churches on the ground, among other*, thai their pohition is the wihism of Jeroboam, and not the rebellion of Kurah and hi* clan. This i* an advanso in the right direction, for Jeroboam's throne was given to him by God ; his sin rr»» not subi.un, but idolatry. Tbe tempting subject most be passed from. Permit ma to glance for a moment U the bnjfrt 1'resbyterian lights that htve illuminated or are illuminating our southern firmament. Wo u-.ed to be called grim, auitore, without capacity for fuu, bumaur, or laughter. I trust extremes won't meet in our case, and that we shall noi be set down as oomio. With regard to the general utterances of Dr. Talma^'o on the platform I hare nothing to say. They amused— a very legitimate thinz-and so served their purpose. As a pulpit orator, too, though perhaps iu per Soul, be has helped thonsand*. But when he deals with one of the most awful, solemn, grave, and fnrreaoh ing questions of this day, or of any day, one doe* wish that more Ituowledjra bad been shown, that oriticiMU had not degene rated into eotnothing like burletqor, and that the speaker had called to mind the words of the ptaltniit— ' I do not exercise tny*tlf in great matters, or in things too wonderful for me.' Mr. MoNcill in bis genial way hu told us ministers that we feed our people on s|xx-n meat. A jandid friend told me onco that he got no meat at all, which was harder still. Well, we had to feed in days gone by on very solid meat indeed— for instance, Butler'* ?Sermon on Ignorance. ' That at least suggested speculative modesty. I once got a very praotical lesson, a sharp one, well fitted to keep me from pronouncing judgment on what I did not understand. Some nautical subject wu started in conversation on board a steamer at which I was pretest. It wm long ago, when one -vm young and dogmstio. I bad probably read an article on tbe subjoot, and so was confident I kuew all about tbe matter. I opposed the view of a bronzed gentlemanly fcliotr-passenger. He fixed his eye twinkliu? with aa ammwd kindly compassion on me, aud said. ' Well, I have boon in comuumi of a ship for twenty years on the great oceans of tbe world.' Since then I do not oara to dogmatize on navigation if a itranger beproient; he may be a brother of the captain who spitted me so deftly. Dr. ralmage informed tn that the scientin'o men of Adelaide bad given up evolution. I don't know, but I venture tr»*ay that no evolutionist sver held that roan ha* descended from an ipe. He does say that the ape and we bave sommon blood in our veins, and even go»i lurther and says that the genus of the noblent virtuej are to be found in an ancestry mnoh lower down the unbroken stream of life. This may be athm«m, but then Socrates was oalled in ath»isl. and almost all the ncienoes had to Aeet thu bautism of fire, to the shame, not of mtencr, but of something else. At the tame lime one is glad to see that Lord Salisbury ?as reminded the British Association, of which he is President, not of the triumphs of knowledge, but of tbe ignor wee which baffle* it Not lone ago one of mr distinguished men of science hem tpoke of ;he million of years needed to make good, his ;heories. But one is reminded that tbe nathematical investigations of Tait and Lord 'Calvin tnakn t»rions inroads on these millions. Professor Drummond bM just told us that ivolution bu found a place for God in the iniverse, in whiob without pause He worked litherto. Let us leave tbe matter to those rho understand ; tbeir eyet are tharper than mn, and flaws of every kind in work of this lature will sooner or later be found oui )ur work it different, and it it more than enough for ut. I oannot refrain from piotine a really wonderful passage from the atest deliverance of Huxley, an avowed memy, nol so much of Christ as of tbe theo ogies associated with his name. After poiut ng out that njoial progress means a checking if tbe cosmio pruooM, whose skirts are dyed n the blood of the weak, he goes on to sat tnat wnat is ueraanuea ot us now it not the struggle wbioh secures the survival of the fittest. 'In place of ruthless self assertion it (goodnMi) demands self-restraint ; in place of thrusting aside or treading down all oampe'.itors it requires tbat tbe individual »h»H not merely respnot, but -hall help his fellows; its influeucs it directed, not to much to tbe survival of the hunt u to tbe fitting of as many at possible to survive. It repudiate tbe gladiatorial theory nf «x inence' (The Romanes Lec ture). Huxley hai uot told us whure he found tbit noble testimony, seeing that tbo cotmot, or Nature, says, 'It is uot in me,' but l«t not that prevent ut from saying rovereotly amen. Perhaps those who charge Christianity with immorality becsnte it »»ri the lamfl thing trill listen to him. though they regatd Paul ae an absurdity. I am not going to say much with re»|iect to that brave and distinguished bervant of Uod who is now tpendine himself among us, and that lwo*u-a I am in sympathy with, in what he calls his speciality, the emphasizing of certain aspect » and troths of God's revelation. One recalls on hearing him or reading him a legend of ooe of his ancestors, who, whatever his theory, practirtd with energy and tucoeM tb« gladiatorial method of existence. The tradition is tnat after be had dined it wu the oustom to send to tbe top of the tower of his gloomy castle on a rock in tha Atlantio a herald to proclaim after a blast from his trumpet, 'MoNeill hu dined, othert may follow euit.' His modern namesake bu preached, aad asost of us must be omteat to follow him at a distance. He hu found his special work, and blessed is he we are told who has done bo; bat Christ hu other Rpecialitts of a diffsrent kind, and though be may not liko some ot them— they have been led on a different road from him— he must not judge. Mr. MoN'oill pleads for the old, and that rightly, but tlion be hat made it now. MoCheyne would be shocked at muob in ho method, but it dcee not follow that he is vrroog. Tbe Bible truth is a much wider thing than one's experience of it. He hss come to us at a time when we were perplexed, humiliated— when what we thought stable u the bill of God crumbled into dust like an exposed mummy— with a true word which will not fall to tbe ground. He hu nobly vindi cated tho place of preaching m a true means of grace, as an instrument in the hand of tb-» Uoly Ghost— bu averted the right of the prophos as against the usurpations of the prietts. How rich must our Saviour be, seeing that there is suoh a rich variety in the order of ilia servants. Carlyle, in bis pathetio notice of tbe death of Edward Irving, refetriac to his popularity, layi:— 'Syren aung.-, u of a now moral reformation (soot of marc mon were to become sons of God, and the guuillowers of Almack to be made living roses of Kdon), sound in bis inexperienced heart most seductive, most delusive. Faihion then Kent her idle way to gaze on Egyptian croco diles, 4c., and forgot this man,' I quote the pas«agofor the dosing words. Let ui pray tbat with us there may be no such forgetful ness, at least of the message.' A latter from Mr. Asbhy offering tbe use of the Y.M.O.A. Rooms to tbe members wu read by tbe Moderator, and tho offer wu gratefully accepted by the Aswnbly. Tho Kev. J. T. KocKRT*oy, .NLA., sub mitted tbe report of tbe Buiiaess Committee, whioh was approved. Among other things it recommnnded the omission of tbe evening meet ings on Wednesday and Thursday as well as tbe reduction of the business generally, owing to the services of the rUv. J. McNeill. A special vote of thanks to the Acting Moderator for bis rare and clever address wm unanimously agreed to and gracofully acknow ledged by Mr. Sutherland. On the motion of the R«v. J. T. RoBCTTSO.v, tsconderi by the Rev. G. 0. LOVE, it wm agreed that the R«v. J. MoNeill be ankod to address the Assembly to-day. It wss subsequently arranged tbat Mr. McNeill should speak at 3\. 30 p.m. The report of the Welfare of Youth Com mittee wu submitted by tbe Rev. G. C. Love, B.D. Thu Rev. J. T. RoBtirrsox. M.A., moved— 'Tbat the report be received and the committee thanked, e-pecially the convener, for their work ; that the Assembly expresses great satisfaction that tho scheme is being so generally taken tip, and commends it to the earnest consideration of all our congregations that liav* not already adopted it.' The Rev. A. Liwson, M.A., seconded the motion, which was carried. The Assembly adjourned to meet in the same place this morning at 10.30, wbon devo tional exercises will be couduoted by the Revs. J. Gordon and H. T. Hall and Messrs. Maomnes and Uoldsworth. The following it tbe liU of mnmbars pro tent:— Presbytery of Adelaide— The Rov. J. Lyall and Mr. T. W. Fleming, Flinders street, Adelaide; the Rev. D. Paton, D.D., aud Mr. J. Watson, CbalmontChurcli, Adelaide; the Rov. J. T. Robertson, M.A., and Dr. Robert eon, St. Andrew's Churoh. Adelaide ; Mr. J. W. Lyon, St. Giles, Norwood; Mr. J. Laugbt, Goodwood ; ibs Rev. A. C. Suther land, M.A., B.D., and Mr. U. Maoinnes, Port Adelaide; the Rev. J. Gordon, Gawler ; the Rev. W. Tasnie, Wallaroo. Pres bytery of Onkaparinza— The Rev. A. Law and Mr. G. Patterson, Monarto; the Kev. G. 0. Love, M. A., B.D.,and Mr. A. Cald well. Strath albyn ; the Rnv. H.T. Hull and Mr. J. Murray, Mount Pleasant ; the Kev. D. C. Matthews and Mr. W. F. Hughe*, Woodnide and Lob-tbal ; th» Rev. A. Lawson, M. A., Mount Barker and Nairne. Presbytery of Belalie— The Rov. W. R. Miluoand Mr. R. Gilohrist, Clare; the Rev. A. Fratftr and Mr. J. Cram, Jamestown : the Rev. R. Mitobell and Mr. J. Uoldcwortb, Port Augusta; the Rev. P. McLeod, Spaldinr,. 