KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE,"] CHAPTER XII. THE TELLING OF THE SECRET. Where was the bridegroom ? Gaston Dantree bade good-bye to Catherine Dangerfield, and rode down to that noble avenue of elms leading to the ponderous gates. His horse's footsteps rang clear and sharp through the still, frosty air, the silvery mist of moonlight bathed all things in its pale, mystic glow. He paused an instant; to look back, ere he rode away. What a fair domain it was — what a stately sweep of park, and glide, and woodland — fairer than ever in the pearly light of the Christmas moon. How noble the old house looked, with its turrets, its peaked gables, its massive stacks of chimneys. And tomorrow all this would be his— his — he an outcast of the New York streets. He laughed softly, exultantly, to himself, as he turned and rode swiftly away. ''It's better to be born lucky than rich ; it's better to be born handsome than lucky. A clear complexion and a set of regular features, a tenor voice, and insinuating manners, have done more for me than they do for most men. They have made my fortune. Half the men and women in the world are fools. at best, and don't know how to use the gifts with which nature endows them. I was born in the gutter, brought up in the streets, adopted out of charity, turned out for my shortcomings, to starve, or steal, or go to State prison, or — become the literary hack of a sporting paper, ill-paid, and ill-used. And now — tomorrow is my wedding day, and a baronet's daughter, and the heiress of eight thousand a year, is to be my bride. Gaston Dantree, I congratulnte you again ; you're one of the very cleverest fellows I ever knew in the whole course of my life.'' And then, as Mr. Dantree rode over the moonlit high road, he astonished belated wayfarers by uplifting his voice in melody, so sweet and clear that even the sleeping nightingales, had there been any in December, might have awakened to listen and envy. The wheels of the world were greased on their axles for him. A bride, and a fortuue, and a life of perpetual pleasure, lay beyond tomorrow's sunrise. There was only one thorn in all the bed of roses — Marie. '' If she should come, after all ! and Satan him- self, I believe, can never tell what a woman may do. You may be as certain as that you live she will take one course, and ten to one she takes the direct opposite. For Marie de Lansac to pursue any man, though he sat on the throne of the Cæsars, is the most unlikely thing on earth, and for that very reason she may turn up now. If she should appear tomorrow and forbid the banns ! Such things happen sometimes. Or, if she should turn up a year hence, and proclaim my secret and her wrongs! And bigamy's a devilish ugly word !'' The shadow of the avenger pursued Mr. Dantree into dreamland. His visions this ante-nuptial night were all dark and ominous. He fell asleep, to see the face of the woman he feared, dark and menacing ; he awoke, and and fell asleep again, to see it pallid and despairing, wild with woman's utmost woe. He started out of bed at last, at some abnormal hour in the dismal dawn, with a curse upon his lips. Sleeping or waking, the face of Marie de Lansac haunted him like an avenging ghost. The storm had come with the new day ; rain and sleet beat the glass, the wind howled dismally around the house and up and down the draughty passages. Mr. Dantree scowled at the distant prospect. Atmospheric influences did not affect him much, as a rule, but they affected him to-day. '' I suppose the least sensitive of human beings likes bright sunshine, balmy breezes, and cloudless skies for his wedding day. Mr. Dantree cursed the weather, cursed the pursuing memory that drove him from his bed, cursed his own folly in letting superstitious fear trouble him, and, having finished his litany, produced a smoke-coloured bottle of French-brandy, a case of Manillas, and flung him self into an easy chair before the still smouldering fire. He primed himself with eau de vie until the breakfast-bell rang, and then descended to meet his host and his sister, and get the vapours of the night dispelled in their society. Miss Talbot departed for Scarswood almost immediately after breakfast. Mr. Dantree escorted her to the carriage, and moodily watched her drive away. ''I suppose I am to give your love to Katherine?'' the young lady said, gayly. ''And I suppose we won't see you until the hour ? Try and wear a less dolorous face, signor, when you do present your- self. It's a serious occasion, beyond doubt, but not even matrimony can warrant so gloomy a countenance as that." How the long, interminable hours of that day wore on, Gaston Dantree never afterward knew. Something was going to happen— he simply felt that — what, he did uot know. Marie might come, or she might not; but, whether or not, something would happen. The dark, sleety hours dragged slowly along ; he smoked furiously ; he drank more brandy than was at all prudent or usual for bride- grooms ; he went in and out, in a restless fever that would not let him sit down. He paced up and down the leafless aisles, the sleet driving sharply in his face, the keen wind piercing him, for he was of a chilly nature. Were presentiments true ? None had ever troubled him before. Was it a guilty conscience ? It was the first time he ever realized he had a conscience; or was it a worse demon than either — the gloomy fiend of indigestion ? ''A sluggish liver has made men blow their brains out before now, and a dyspeptic stomach has seen ghosts. Presentiments are sentimental hum- bugs. It's the heavy dinners at Scarswood, and the French cookery at Morecambe, combined with a leaden sky and a miserable December day. If the infernally long day were ended, and the bridal hour come, I should feel all right, I know.'' His host watched him curiously from the window, wandering about in the storm like an unquiet spirit. Bridegrooms may be restless as a rule on the happy day, but not such restlessness as this. ''There's something on that fellow's mind,'' the young Sussex squire thought. ''He has the look today of a man who is afraid, and I don't think he's a coward, as a rule. I've thought from the first this marriage would be a bad job, and it's no end of a pity. She's such a trump of a girl — little Kathie — no nonsense about her, you know, rides to hounds like a born Nimrod-ess, dances like a fairy, plucky and thoroughbred from top to toe. And she's going to throw herself away on this duffer for no reason under heaven but that he's got a goodlook- ing face. Hang it all ! Why did I ever fetch him down to Morecambe, or why need Katherine Dangerfield be such a little fool? Who's to tell us the fellow hasn't a wife already out in New Orleans?" Some time after noon the bridegroom-elect flung himself on his bed and fell heavily asleep. He did not dream this time; he slept--for hours the bene- ficial effect of French brandy, no doubt. The short, dark day had faded entirely out —the candles were lighted, and Squire Talbot's man stood over him adjuring him to rise. ''Beg parding, sir, for disturbing you, but master's horders, sir, and it's 'alf after six, Mr. Dantree, sir, and time, master says, to get up and dress. And master's horders, sir, is, that I'm to hassist you.'' Mr. Dantree leaped from the bed. Half-past six, and time to dress. No more endless hours, to think and fidget— that was a comfort, at least. '' How's the weather, now, Lewis ?'' he asked, '' Storm held up any ? No— I see it has not— rather worse, if anything. Where's the squire ?'' ''In his hapartment, sir— dressing sir. Permit me to do that, Mr. Dantree, sir— if you please. Dinner's to be 'arf an hour later than husual, sir, on this occasion — you'll 've just time to dress, and no more. Lewis wan an adept in his business. At half-past seven Mr. Dantree descended to dinner in full even ing suit— white waistcoat, diamond studs, dress Goat, shiny boots— robed for the sacrifice ! He and the squire dined tete-a-tete. Neither ate much — both were nervous and silent. '' What the deuce ever made me bring the fellow down"? the squire kept thinking, moodily, casting gloomy glances athwart the tall epergne of flowers between them. And ''Will anything happen after all ?'' the bridegroom kept saying over and over; ''will the heiress of Scarswood be my wife tomorrow morning, or will something prevent it at the eleventh hour, and expose me. It would be just my usual infernal luck.'' He went back to his room after dinner. They had not lingered, and it was still only eight o'clock. A quarter before ten would be early enough to arrive at Scarswood,*and run the gauntlet of three score curious eyes. '' I wish it were over,'' he exclaimed aloud, almost savagely. '' I wouldn't undergo such an ordeal again, for all the heiresses in Great Britain.'' '' It is a nervous business,'' a voice in the door- way responded; '' but take courage. There's many a slip, you know, and though it wants but two hours to the time, you may escape the matrimonial noose after all.'' Gaston Dantree swung around with an oath. There, in the door- way, stood Peter Dangerfield. ''I beg your pardon, Mr. Dantree,'' the lawyer said, glibly, coming in and shutting the door. ''You don't look best pleased to see me, but that is not to be wondered at.'' '' Where the devil did you spring from ?'' Mr. Dantree demanded, angrily. ''I sprang from nowhere — I've given up gymnast- tics. I drove over from Castleford in the rain, on important business — important business to you. A quarter past eight.'' he drew out his watch, ''and I see you are all dressed for the ceremony. That gives us an hour and three-quarters — plenty of time for what I want you to do.'' ''What— you— want— me— to— do?'' Mr. Danger- field. I confess I am at a loss to----" 'To understand me— exactly — quite natural that you should, and all that. I'll explain. Cirum- stances have come to light concerning Sir John Dangerfield and — well— the young lady you are to marry. As a friend of yours, Mr. Dantree, I con- sider it would be a shameful deception to let the marriage go on while you are in ignorance of those circumstances. Sir, you have been grossly deceived — we have all been, and — but it is impossible for me to explain. Thereby hangs a tale, and all that — which I don't wish to tell. The person who told me is waiting at Castleford to tell you, I drove here at once— my trap is waiting out side now. I made my way to your room unannounced. I know the house, and I want you to put on your hat and great coat and come with me to Castleford at once. Gaston Dantree stood very pale, listening to this lengthy and rapid harangue. His presentiments were all true then — something was going to occur. At the last hour the glittering prize for which he had fought, and which he had won, was to be snatched from him. His lips were set hard, and there was in his black eyes a dull red glow not good to see. But he kept his temper — under all circum- stances it was the rule of his life to keep that. '' Mr. DangerDeld,'' he said, '' will you be so good as to open the mysteries a little ? Your speech sounds melodramatic — and I don't care for melo- drama off the boards. Why am I to go to Castle- ford ? What are the circumstances ? Whom am I to meet, and how have we all been deceived ? Do you wish to insinuate anything against Miss Dangerfield ?'' '' Not a word — not a syllable, She is blameless, and I don't wish to stop your marriage — Heaven forbid ! No one will wish you joy, two hours hence, when the ceremony is ever, more sincerely than I.'' Gaston Dantree looked at him, staggered a little. The marriage was not to be stopped then. He drew a long, tense breath of relief. '' This is all very strange. I wish you would explain. I'll go with you to Castleford — it will kill the intervening time as well as anything else — but, I'd rather not go in the dark.'' '' You must take my word for it, Dantree, it is necessary. It is impossible for me to tell you — I am bound by oath. Come with me — come ! I swear you shall be at Scarswood by ten o'clock.'' For a moment Dantree stood irresolute. Then curiosity overcame every other feeling. He seized his hat and coat with a slight laugh. '' Be it so, then. Lead on, as they say in novels, I follow — and, my good fellow, drive like the very deuce.'' (To be continued.) 