UNDER THE SHADOW : IF WE; ' ' . OR, TP IYSTEEY OF CLEMENT MNfiAVEN. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. ' ' By JEAN MIDDLEMASS. . o Author of " ' i > A GIRL IN A THOUSAND," "SEALED BY A KISS,'! " BY . / ' FAIR MEANS," &o.; . COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XII. A Rasii Act. "Why did not Pierce Vaughan pro pose to Elvira Delane and recoup Liinself by her ample fortune for the disappointment his uncle's will had oc casioned him ? Had he done so much that was troublesome and difficult would have been overcome. ' But it was not in Pierce Vaughan's nature to let bygones be bygones and seek philosophically to make the best of.life. Ho must for ever be fretting and' (searching and intriguing. Wore it not for such as he the world would roll on easier wheels, but then perchance mis deeds and cruel wrongs would fre quently go unpunished. He had a grudge against Clement . il .. Dunraven;for robbing ;him,, as 'he con sidered, of his birthright.' Cheating' him out of Aboyno Court as he shrewdly sus'ppcted by no fair means. He was resolved to leave no stone un turned until he had in some' way- re venged himself on Sir Clement. All this wils far nearer his heart than either Elvira. Delane, or her gold. Besides, dainty little beauty though Elvira ' was, she scarcely of late usurped the first place in his feelings, if a man so devoid of real affection as Pierco Yaughan was could be credited with feelings. Elvira herself thought that Lady Marcia Foljambe was her rival, but in this she was mistaken. Lady Marcia was merely a useful friend, a stepping- stone by whioh Pierco hoped to carry out some of the schemes he had in view. Thp individual for whom he had , elected to conceive a passion, pro- ' bably because she avoided and flouted him — was Lisbeth Glendinning. No more complicating or disastrous attachment could, under the circum stances, possibly have arisen. When Pierce Vauglian came down to Brent- wells to stay at Lady Marcia's and \ -pretend to the world that he was the devoted cavalier of the gushing widow it wasu because he knew that Lisbeth had returned to the Coleshill Cottage and that he could occasionally walk over and, as he hoped, improve the occasion with her. It was only a few hours after Jim Glen Winning's departure that he started across the fields to pay his first visit. How he would be received he did not / know, and — new sensation to this 'ilase cynic, he dreaded the reception brought meet with from Lisbeth, , pre suming should be a cold one, until he | as shy and uncomfortable as a ' bnv eighteen bound on a love aifair >0 first time. ./' h J reach the Cottage from Brent- ! w>;i: lit was necessary to go through ' Coi- .inill, and there he saw a good pf the idle inhabitants standing about in groups, talking, among them was the garrulous old woman he had previously met in the cottage garden. She t recognised him at once and mad8 a curtsey, probably in anticipa tion oil a tip. But Pierco Vaughan was (bne of those men who gave "nothing for nothing and very little for/a halfpenny." He might perchance got a halfpenny worth out of this r.ld hag lie thought, so he called her to come and speak to him, asking her what event of importance had ocourred in which half at least of the Coleshill population was so interested. " It's either a ghost or a backslider, your honor, and no one can just make up their minds which it is." ."What the douce do you mean by a ghost or a backslider, old mother ?" " Why, Jim Glendinning, Lisboth's father, as was convicted for a bad burglary and got twenty years. In the flesh or out of the flesh he has walked through the town this morning, S. and Ham Styles, he do say as he seen j g-vS uim yesternight." "Pooh — nonsense. Sam Styles must have been drinking, and he had set you all off believing in the absurdi ties he has seen in his cups. Jim Glen dinning has been dead this many a day. Old Josh told Sir Louis all about, it years ago." ' ' "Mercy alive, then. it waur his ghost. I said as it waur. Lord, "! feel my back is a openin' arid sbuttid'.' .1 seen it myself. ' Pierce Yaughan laughed. -. . ' "You have seen some stranger who has' a resemblance to Jim Glendinning, or what you all imagine Jim would be like if he. were alive. And , you get up as much sensation as if the world w ere coming to an end. I' thought the Coleshill people had more, sense. Upon my word I am ashamed of you all,'' ' " Ah, you great gents haven't no belief," said the old wife with a sigh. .. . It did, not please her to be cheated out of her link with the supernatural; 'The only compensation for which' would be' the horror they would all, feel' at having such a vagabond as Jim Glendinning; once 'more in their midst. " I believe in something," replied, Pierce Yaughan still laughing, "'fcut: looking very' cynical. . " I belibve that ai bit of coin will lay most ghosts." , A'- He put his hand into his pocket and; at first intended to give her half a sovereign, the next instant lie' came 'to the conclusion that five shillings would be enough. So lie handed hor five shillings and told her to refresh her self and her neighbors and lay the ghost, for no good would come -to Coleshill as long as such-like tales were bandied from mouth to mouth. Sho made him a deeper curtsey than before, and assured him his spirit would never walk, ho would rest peace fully in his gravo if only for that day's kindness. With five shillings Pierce- Vaughan had bought the good/report of the Coleshill gossips and if he had not laid Jim Glendinning's ghost, he hud. laid the talk his own: occasional visits to the cottage might have occa sioned. . On1.- leaving' the old ..woman; after giving her! this magnificent presririt, Ho said in a casual tone.. "I. was going up to Aboyne Court, ' but I will go round by the cottage and see if Miss Glendinning has heard or been annoyed by any of this non sense. ' Pieroe Yaughan was never really happy unless ho could pave the way for his next step forward. "So," he muttered to himself; as he strode on, leaving the High- street behind him, " that blackguard ' .has found his way down "here, has .die; I shall have to be careful, very careful, or he wili spoil my game -with Lisbeth ; yet he is a useful man, a very useful man. Unscrupulous people who will do your work for a consideration and who can hold their tongues are not. to be fallen in with every day, and this man can hold his tongue. I -have discovered that by his reticence in personal affairs. Pity that Lisbeth has got such a father, it will, spoil her chance of marrying. She is beautiful as Juno, a paragon of a woman and there is no saying — were it not for him — but that I — . If she only had Miss Delano's money I You- must not lose your head, Pierco. There ore manyoon- siderations to bo studied," And so murmuring to himself he sauntered in at the front door. He was just about to do so a second time when Lisbeth opened io, no very delight ful expression coming into her hand some face when she saw who her visitor was. Neither in London, nor at Coleshill, was she to be free from this man's assiduities! She would have bidden him go about his business and have slammed the door in his face, only expediency— -the gaunt giant that sways so many of our actions — forbade it. Lisbeth found herself forced- to be civil and look pleasant. Three minutes later Pierce Yaughan was even sitting in the chair Clement Dunraven had occupied on the pre vious evening, and was gazing round the pretty parlor with a very approving glance. He thought that this beautiful girl was even les3 " of the people" than he had imagined hor, if she could arrange her room with so much artistio taste. His eyes wandered from those sur roundings to her face and the ardent admiration they showed all too plainly caused the hot blood of indignation to redden Lisbeth's cheeks, thus rendering her, although she was . quite unaware of it, even more attractive than before, enhanced as her beauty was by the flashing of her dark eyes and the proud toss of her well- poisod head. "Teach not thy lips such scorn, for they were made for kissing, lady — not for such contempt,1' said Pierce, quot ing Shakspeare, though of this Lisbeth was ignorant, since in book-lore she was wholly unversed. In fact it would have been very difficult to have collected six books in Coleshill Cottage, for though Lisbeth had had a fair education and could read easily and write grammatically, sho had always found too much work I to do in her home to have time, to sit and read. Not having any intimate acquaint ance then with the great bard's im mortal plays Pierco Vaughan's quota tions ' riled ' her to madness. How dare .he talk about kissing her lips, and in a fury sho forgot expedi ency and bade him begone if ho had come there to insult her. Her auger howovor had quite a con trary effect to what she intended, for it served only to mako him ten times more appreciative of her charms. He gloried that ho had aroused the lion in hor nature, still ho was shrewd enough to know that if she were to bo won she must be gently wooed. Ho did not, however, recognise what a difficult task he had undertaken. Not that ho would have shrunk from it on that account. To find out what had passed between Lisbeth and his cousin Clement Dunraven waB ever present in his mind, and that he would do so with less difficulty on account of his newly-born infatuation for Lisbeth, he felt certain.'. '" Quiet down, soft dove, and do not let your burnished plumage bo ruffled by a few quoted words. Come and tell me how you like being back, at .Coleshill, and why you escaped out of London so quickly." So saying he took her by the 'hand arid tried to induce her to, take the seat beside him. ' He little know Lis beth or. he would have been aware (that each word he 'uttered; each sign he made, was rendering liim more and ifiore' distasteful to her. : .She hated Pierce Yaughan with a deep and bitter hatred, commencing at lier first acquain tance with , him arid intensified by tho dread she felt of .hiiri when she became aivare that lie. was Clement Dunraven's foe. If he were going to add insult- to injury bjr .making; love to her, there was no saying to -what lengths her fury, if not carefully guarded, might not lead her. : The complications, which had sur rounded Lisbeth of late, were making . her very desperate, and. it is dangerous , for a man to play- with a desperate woman even though that man bo as clever as Pierce Yaughan believed him self, to be. A . : Sho started i back from his -touch, tossing his hand from hor as though a viper had stung her., "I will not sit down," she said, " nor tell you aught ,of my affairs. You' are -a gentleirian,, I ani huiribly born,- seeking to gain my livelihood by honest means. Compromising '.myself with a gentleman like 'you will 'not help me." "I don't know that," he said, "you are angry and do not see things clearly or you would recognise that it is good to have a friend, even though that' friend is an objectionable gentleman like myself. "I don't want any gentleman, it is better to starve and be honest." : (TO BE .CONTINUED.) 