Crumb*. Zoo. Clear. Bijoc. Races. Warmer. Sunshine. Cyclorama. Silver, 2s. 3|d. Frank Thornton. Blook 10, 7,726 oz. "Charley's Aunt." Military thin-skins. Last day of March. Bookies howled ont. 1894 ts 90 days old. Civil war in Samoa.' Floods in the interior. Fine weather for races. Proprietary, 267,870 oz. Races on the Old Coarse. Old Course Races at L30. " Young Men's Sunday." Have you made your will? • - S. A. Tattersalls Cup to-day. Races and sunshine—a ohange. Tempests of oratory by-and-by. - A famine looming in Coolgardie. Garden hints for April on page 6. Flutter among the churches soon. Will the Steeplechase be a Surprise* Barometer at 11 o'clock to-day 29*90. Lady Bray in the furnace of affliction. Cyclorama Company keeping its end up. Napoleon's ghost boomed thB Cyolorama. Look out—to-morrow is April Foal's Day. Hasty engagements and early marriages. Obit.—Mrs. W. E. Ford, of the York HoteL Where were all the Scottiea last night? Suggestion that Parkside tram have a double line. . South-Eastern volunteer officers feeling hurt. A Retail Groeera' Assistants' Guild an the tapis. Election meeting at the Port on Tuesday night. Burton would be the man to take Martin in hand. Kensington Oval—Porks T. North Adelaides. Fiendish outrage in the name of jnstiee » Texas. Burns' statue will be unveiled on Saturday, May 5. Stanley S the historian of the B.F.C. ii just 14. General meeting of grooers' assistants on April 4. Lord Justice Hannen gathered to his fathers. Aren't the Government sorry they eaoked Deering. The " Barns Epidemio" treated by Hugh Kalypbn?. Liberal majorities decreasing at by-elections in England. | There's a lot of philosophy attendin4i; 1 modern philanthropy. Mr. E. W. Hawker, M.P., a Director of the Central Mine. " " Revs. T. Cook, John MoNeflB.tind lJr. Jefferis coming. Cyclorama has made a' profit, ; but sot enough for a div. No more excursion tiokets after to'day on the Glenelg Line. Dr. Jefferis ; looks forward exriltia&ly; to being with ns again. Don't forget Waterloo, the sentry, and enchanted fountain. . Adelaide Oval—Adelaide v. Hindmanh,%aid Norwood v. Australa. Tbe W.C.T.U. don't make any profit oat of their "soft drink." Canon Sunter chief Yorkthiremaa; Bishop Kennion standing out;' - ' Young Martin ie emulating 3ack Sheppard," but Ainsworth is dead. Keep camphor among yonr' rolls gf .tssk notes—if you-have any. The Commandant had better throw a little ' oil «n the troubled waters. . Y.M. C. A.—Basin ess meeting nextTuesd ay, *m»i» ei'flary naxt Thonday. • Weepingi wailing, aod lnwtoi<H» amoftgst the boye when Graehy gow. • " V . ' -. ' •. Tommy V fo those Miany apmniljij, ^fffife^'fe;.*' V Of Iiiiiiiw Wsifjjfflj^ij^ii^^SS^T^Bli^B^ ;thoeesermons'tb ^^g'lnfifi. '• V " Houee to Iet,' furnished witii oObUer's tools," shouldn% be aWd draw. •"'• Wine and produce agenoy hardly Mema to suit our representative in London. " Will you have this man to be your wedded husband?" " Yes, if you please, air." v Viotorian Savings Banks reducing rate of interest from 3| per cent, to 3 per oent. Over thirty sermons to " young men" nadet Y. M. C. A., auspices to- morrow evening. Indigent, persons will rally round religions oranks who preach equal opportunities. The Crumbman will'provide the camphor, if any one will send along the Bank aotes. J, Langdon Parsons omitted a material sentence in his last letter. Unlike J. L. P. Sun rose at . 6.13 a.m.; eets at 5.68 p.m. Moon set at 2.57 p.m.; rises at midnight. Colonel Gordon's wrath was directed only against those unruly civilians, of course. Cargo of blacksmiths' bellows ought sot to be a bad consignment to Western Australia. When one sees anything like it cyclone of dust westward, it's only fellers a dry blowin'. Are the Primitive Methodists throwing over Wesley for a " down grade" movunent? " Development" thinks Atheists ought not now to be oensured by the Christian Churches. A great deal better to remain single, girls, than to marry a man whom you don't truly love. , The Czar has been overheard by Hugh Kalyptus discoursing on the Australian Army. "An excellent, almost a magnificent lecture." John Gordon on Hughie'a talk about Burns. Village settlements should emphasise South Australia's title to be dubbed a cabbage garden. Hard for an orthodox preacher to preach against the devil and his coadjutors, says Old Growler. Dr. Bevan, of Melbourne, and Rev. Joseph Berry have good subjects to speak upon next Thursday. It is impossible to devise any law which would suppress speoial methods of election canvassing. Many who ride regularly to and from business, walk out o' nights for the "benefit of their health." Why not have Wellington's ghost, if there is a man in Ad«laide with a nose like a notched battle axe. It is recommended by Hugh Kalyptus that all Scotchmen and Burns's books should bs quarantined on Torrens Island. The element of maintenance enters very largely into tbe considerations whioh induce girls to agree tr • trly marriage. Whilst "eleo. Vt tixpenees" an expressly defined ia the nr Electoral Act, bound* are not set upon the' . -rsoaal expenses" of candidate. 1 " Yor^.. Bremen are not» for that plnck, energy, ana general applies' ioo which will make any nation great." Youll do, Canon Sunter. Giddy girls bas; their philosophy of marriage on the idea that though marriage is a solemn thing, it is much more aoleana no* to get married. Scene (Theatre Royal)—A blaif youth— "Fine old girl is Charley's Aunt, y*know. Where did Lohr pict her up ? Bai Jove 1 not bad from Brazil." ' Just in proportion as the daughters of the working classes in any country are enabled to earn their own living the rate of youthful marriage ia reduoed. . Italian proverb asserts that if young men were not allowed to get married until they had reached the age of discretion, most of them would have to remain in the bachelor stale. To the West, to the West— Where no rivers do Sow, Bat the gold in the reefs -. Matej the diggers' hearts glow It is estimated that more perrons paid for admission to see " Charley's Aunt" during the last six nights than in any corresponding period since the Theatre Royal haa been built. Dr. Francis Parkham, the late historian, had a strict idea of justice. A friend met him one day walking along the street leading a street boy with either hand. " What in the world are you doing, Parkham ?" aeked the friend. "I found that Johnnie here bad eaten all of tbe apple instead of dividing with his little brother. I am going to buy another for the younger boy, and main Johnnie watofe him while he eat* it." 