THE iOLDEN BOTTLE, on The Story of Ephraim Benezet, OF KANSAS. S Y B 1SNATmUS DONN?ELLY. (Published by Special Arrangement with Messrs. W'ard, Lock, and J?owden, Ltd.) OHAPTER XLVI. WE VISIT EGLAN'D A-DfIRELAXVD. Our jodrney was one continued ova tion; whole nations turned out to honour us, especially Sophie, who had won all hearts. Through Germany and France we passed. The populace unhitched the horses at every town, and drew our carriage; and the streets were one mass of huzzahing, excited people; the air white with waving handker chiefs. We crossed over into England, and the same scenes followed. Everywhere the same story was told us of unbounded prosperity. In dustry, relieved of its burdens, had bounded forward with a giant's strength. Pauperism had disappeared; joy and plenty shone in every face; the whole land laughed. London was a sight to see. Never before had it known such growth and prosperity. The vast sullen, chalky faced hordes of the underfed unem ployed, who used to block up the streets, were gone; they were busy in shops and factories, or out in pleasant little homes on thousands of farms, consumers of the productions of their brethren. The mere appreciation in the values of all forms of property, by the decrease in the purchasing-power of money, due to its greater abund ance, had made millions prosperous or rich, and had lifted up the very mendicants, by making room for them in the ranks above them. Even the bankers were growing richer by the vast increase in all sorts of industrial enterprises, and by the greater activities of commerce. The ancient bugaboo that man liberated was more dangerous than man enslaved, had been exploded. Even the limorous discovered, to their astonishment, that the most peaceful creature on earth is the human being with his belly full; and that men take to carrying dynamite' in their pockets when they can got nothing else to put in them. Absolute justice, it was demonstrated, was society's best constable and soldier. Men revolt against evil, not against favourable conditions. And the country l Vhat a sight it was ! Fields, gardens, houses every where; every spadeful of earth cul tivated; the land alive with people; hopeful people, joyous people, people thanking God and loving their fel lows. And the new English Parliament was in session; it was only one house, for the people did not believe in plac ing clogs on their own action. They gave us a grand reception. W'hat a fine array of solid heads and serious faces; mechanics, farmers, business men; every man thoughtful, reason able, and earnest; a magnificent, self governing race. And so we passed over to Dublin. The ancient city put on its holiday clothes to greet us; the green flag was everywhere, and the impassioned people were ready to jump out of their skins with enthusiasm. And then, by the new railway, we passed on to Tara, through continuous fields and gardens and swarming people; abeautiful land, greatly blessed of God, but lonr afflicted by man; every acre fertiised by the blood of its unhappy inhabitants; but now gay as a fair, and forgetting its dreadful past in its new joys and hopes ; a light-hearted, generous, magnanimous race; deeply touched by kindness, but mooting oppression with a courage and persistence which a thousand years had not been able to overcome, The whole land dropped its pursuits and followed us to Tara, And what a city had arisen in a few months on the old earth-heaps I Groat numbers of Irishmen had come back from America, bringing wealth with them, to help build up their rative land with transatlanutlo energy, The whole people seemed to have assembled at Tara to greet us; a vast concourse like that which in the ancient 'days gathored around tle high-king. The great hall was built after the antiquo fashion; it was ornamented with tie horns of deer, and the pro. digious antlers of the extinct gigantic elk, Upon the platform was theharp of B3rian Boroimho, brought from the Royal Irish Academy, and placed tinder a glass ease. On the walls wore the pdrtraits of hundreds' of men famous in Irish history, from St, Patrick to the present day. On a raised dais on one side were harpers and bagpipers, clad In the ancient costumei, and discoursing the quaint musie of the past, The scene as Sophie and I walked up the main hall was 'one never to be forgotten. The Congress was in ses sion, but every man rose and cheered wildly, Oros of 'Speech I speech I' rang on all sides of the densely packed \- ohamuber, I could not rosist the call, I said t 'I an glad that the marohi of America's greatness has given liberty, after 'so many ages of Injustio, to the most pictumrsquo and romantic nationality in the world, You have preserved the very spirit of antquity in the midst of all the oommonliaco bustle of modern life, But do not permit tho clement of conservatism, so strong In the race, to draw your now nation hnck into the thlrtoonth con tury. You must advance into the twontinth oentury, emulons rlvals.*of all that in best and groatestfiu the ago in which we live. ? The past has its honours, but th'e' present has its duties; God made them both, and the present will be hereafter the past. No era in the world's history can approach our own in grandeur or importance. Ireland, the most composite nation of Europe--stocked from the best bloods of all races, since the time of the Atlanteans and the Phoenicians; filled ?ith a fire that seems to come out of the very soul--must rise to the level of her'great opportunities ; and, by the thorough education and culture of all her people, present to the world the best intellects which can possibly arise out of her great stock. The nations have no nobler duty than this, for there is nothing higher on earth than the highest manifestations of the human mind. Let Ireland enter upon the tremendous future that awaits the wforld, with the solemn determination that Irishmen shall be inferior, in brain'and character, to no people on The applause that followed this short speech was long-continued and deafening. At its close someone cried 'The Lady President!' and Sophie was forced, by thunderous cries, to come forward and speak. I can see, to this sad hour, the tall, lithe, em phatic, resolute figure, with the quick, instantaneous gestures, which added fre to the bright* black eyes and strength to the incisive words. She said : 'Irishmen! I am glad to see you free and happy. May your wisdom, foresight, and self-control keep you so for ever. Passion is a great force in battle; but, in time of peace, we most need calm, discriminating reason. (Oheers.) The man who tries to ex cite you is not your friend. (Sensa tion.) Give up all old-time hates, and love one another. I am glad to see Oatholics and Protestants, the stern faced northerner and the bright-faced southerner, Goth and Celt, all seated peacefully here, side by side, trying to make Ireland great and happy. (Im mense applause.) 'Irishmen! Don't oppress your women. (Oheers.) The barbarous races made women slaves; and some thing of the barbarian instinct sur vives in all civiised peoples. Re member that your men cannot be greater in soul than their mothers. (Applause.) Don't let sex be a dis qualification, but give women a fair chance in every avenue of life. Mha caulay called the Irish "the Italians of the North of Europe," and it was a profound observation. You have the genius as woll as the ethnical affinities of that plastic and marvellous race, which once ruled the world, and pro duced the greatest men of antiquity. 'Irishmen! Remember this- that the man among you that permits his child to grow up in ignorance murders him! (Oheers.) Yes; he murders his soul, his mind, his opportunities, his happiness-his whole future. Look to it that you do .not have to answer to God for that great crime. (Immense applause.) 'arewell, and may God bless you.' The assemblage went wild; for Sophie, as.I have remarked more than once, was always more popular than I. She seemed to have a way of get ting right into the hearts of people. Is there another sense by which we are impressed with each other, apart from the slow operations of reason, sight, and hearing? Does soul talk to soul through flesh and bones; spirit reaching into the domicile of spirit; and the ghosts within us standing naked before each other? It may be. Alas, as I draw nearer to the end of my story, I linger lovingly upon everything which concerns Sophie. I seem to see that bright vision for ever before my eyes. Itives and breathes in the temple of my unhappy andl dis traught soul, a glorious yet dreadful memory. Poor-poor-dear-dear Sophie!' Why should such thing ever be and yet cease to be? 0 God [ why dost Thou give to take away? And. yet, as one of our poets sings: " 'Tie better to have loved and lost, Than never to have loved at all," C)HAPTER XLVII, A2.UEItIOA, Never did I know how muoh Iloved Amerioa until I looked again upon its white strands, And what a oonoeption is that bronze figure, with the uplifted torch, weleoming the world ; high, high up.it trains its arm, as if it would reaeh and fire the very heavens, . Behind it should stand another figure: the peaceful, gentle, mother. figure, with the big, overflowing, dripping breasts, with whielh to food the globe, Liberty and abundanooe The tre mendous nation! W?hnt shall be named bosido thee? A oontlnent of food-fields, infused with the spirit of a merciful Godl In thy great eyes I read the destiny of mankind ; thou masterpieeo of God's work on earthl Is there anything liko unto thee among all the stars? Is this indeed the latest and perfoetest work of the Almighty ? Who shallsany'? Long before we roaehed Noew York the harbour was thiok with boats, skiffs, steamers, sailing vessels, blaek with people to weleome us home ; and music, hurralhs, flags, and banners filled the air, But why dwell upon the series of ovations ? How little do all sueh honours seem to me now, I can remember' dimly tho mighty Broad way, linod with humanity from end to end; whiloe, amid ovorwelmilng uproar,, a thousand szealous hands drew the chariot in which Sophlo sat by. my_ side, forgotting herself, and proud solely of the honours paid to her husband, A true woman, who lived only in the man she loved; magnificent abnegation of thre greater for the lesser ; the divinity in human nature, uvbr saorlfleing itself on the Calvary of its own lioart for another and a loss worthy,. My greatest joy was ?i witnessing the splendid' prdsperity of the~people. It met us iverywher8. There seemed to be no limit to'the energy and triumph of humanity. There were no poor; every one waswell dressed; none looked fatigued, none were sullen; everyone smiled, all were happy. The 'Brotherhood of Justice' had done its work well while Sophie and I were absent; they had increased in number, so that the principal corpo rators now numbered over one hun dred, all selected for their ability and love for mankind. In every direction their work had penetrated. They had greatly helped the cause of.temper ance, until the liquor-drinking habit had almost become a thing of the past. Through Tire Anti-A[o~mpoiipt they were republishing all the greatest books of antiquity and of modern times. The humblest mechanic thus had upon his shelves, in the bound volumes of that paper the best works of Greek and Roman authors, as well as of all the principal writers of the later nations. And this was not only true of litera ture, history, and romance, but of all the recent acquisitions of science; the knowledge revealed by the telescope and microscope were brought home to millions of readers; and thus the whole population was rising to a mental status far above the most favoured classes of a half century ago. The lay members of the Brotherhood, male and female, had now reached to over twenty millions. In every state, county, and townthips there were organisations. State assemblies were held every year in groves, by lakes or rivers; the people bringing their tents, and living as cheaply as they could at home. In these gatherings everything was discussed that could advantage and benefit mankind; that was the sole object of all effort. Men worshipped God by helping their fellows. They believed with Ooleridge: Te prayeth best who loveth best AU tfilngs, both great and small; For the dear God who loveth us, He made and loveth all. In every village, town, and city there arose great labour temples, and a myriad of lecturers were developed, who taught all the people all things that it was good for them to know ; and nothing that would make mon better or happier was too great or too small to be discussed, from the constitution of the solar system to the making of bread or the broiling of a beefsteak. And a splendid, wise, robust, handsome, learned, acute race was springing up; a kindly and generous race withal, and one whom no sophistry could deceive nor false hood mislead ; beyond comparison the most magnificent breed of men and women that had ever dwelt on the planet. And, in their splendid civili sation, everything had its true place; they were neither sensualists nor ascetics ; they ignored neither love nor duty; they enjoyed their earthly life, and never forgot the spiritual life in which they were embedded; and womanhood had its rights with out becoming masculine,. and men were strong without being brutal. And all the people were banded to gether by great associations. If one esllsiok, hi's brethren cared for him; if he died, his family were helped out of poverty by an insurance bounty. And if any man lacked strength or energy, and tended to fall down into wretchedness or beggary, there were societies to put the hand of friendship out to him, and make life easier, and at the same time self-respecting. And a strong sense of honour and dignity and duty to humanity spread every. where; and an enlightened public opinion was the silent tribunal before which everyone had to stand for judgment; for 'men could not be happy without the approval of their fellows. And it be came evident that a few generations of men, thus living and acting, would vastly improve and elevate posterity; and that a new race would inhabit a now earth; and that all that was good in individuals to- day was but a type and figure of that which would be the universal condition in the near future, Ohl it was a delight to move through and participate in such a world. And so, witnessing all these tremen dous results, which had flowed out of the Golden Bottle, I thanked the ' Pity of God,' who had broughtit to me, and thoinoxpressiblo Divinity who, from be. yond the stars, had taken pity on the estate of man, and had sent his mes senger to me, in the days of my despair and wrotohodnoss, And so Sophie and I advanced, In one continuous uproar of salutation and adulation, from state to state and town to town, until 'we reached that marvellous city of Chicago-tho eighth wonder of the world, with a man's ago and the wealth and power o an em pire. All day long we rode, or wore drawn by the excited populace, through 'the streets of Chicago, swarming with re joioing multitudes, At night we had a grand reception at our hotel, and all that was brilliant and eminent in the great city poured Into the parlours to pay their respects to us, At last, at 12 o'clock, completely tired out, after making our arrangc meonte to proceed by spoecal train on the morrow to K?ansas' COlty, Sophie and I retired for the night, and wore soo? asleep, (2uy lIe osltI#(cd,) 