Chapter XXVIII. THE BIRTH OF THE 0H1U). As her .time. drew near, the conviction deepened upon her that slie could not "be confined in her husband's house. Being; there at such a crisis was like living in a volcanic land. One false step, one pas sionate impulse, and the very earth under her feet would split. " I must go home for awhile,'•Pete," she said, "Coorse you must," said Pete. "Nobody like the ould angel when a girl's that way." Pete took her book to her mother's in the gig driving very Btowly, and lifting her op and down as tenderly as if she had been a child. She breathed freely when she .left Kim-cottage, but when she was settled in her own lied room at "The Manx Fairy," she realised that she had only stepped from misery to misery. So many memories lived like ghosts there —memories of innocent slumbers, and of gleeful awakenings amid the twitter wig of birds and the tattling of gravel... The old familiar place, the little room ..with the poor little winder looking but on the orchard, the poor little bed with its pink curtains like a tent, the sweet old blankets, the washbasin, ahe preas. the blind with the same old pattern, the sheepskin rug under foot, the1 whitewashed scraas overhead— evaythihg ^le sttme, but 0 Gbdl how dif "Let me look at myself in the glass, J*ancy," she said, and Nancy gave her the candglasa whioh had been craoked the morn "Uf after the Melliah. She pnshedit away- peevishly. '' What's the use of» tliingiikethat?"she said, a ; b JPetefhtflmted :the. libtoeMiiy1 aMnlght " here was no bed for him- there; and-h6 -was supposed *: to*goi 'home - to sleep.' But he wandered sway in -the • darkness i over "the Currngh to'the' Bhore, -and in the' grey'of morning he was-at the door again, bringing the cold -breath of the dawn into tbe house with the long whisper round the door ajar, " How's she going on now 1" The women bundled him out bodily, and then he hung about the roads like a dog dis owned. If he heard a sigh from the dairy loft, he sat down against the gable and groaned. At last Nancy Joe came out and took him in hand in earnest. " Look here, Pete," she said. " If you're wonting to kill the woman, and middling quick too, you'll go on the way you're going. But if you don't, you'll be taking to the road, and you won't be coming back till you're wunted." That settled Pete's restlessness. The fish ing had begun early that season, and he went off for a night to tbe herrings. Kate waited long, and the women watched her with trembling, but there was less ol fear in her own feelings. " Do women often die ?" she asked.' " The proportion is small," said the doctor. Half an hour afterwards she spoke again. " Does the child sometimes die?" " Well, I've known it to happen, but only when the mother has iiad a shock—lost her husband, for example." But at the firet quavering cry of the child's voice the Cruel battle of love and dread was won for motherhood. The mother heart awoke and swelled. She had got her baby at all events. It was all she had for all she had suffered ; hut it was enough, and a dear and precious prize. "Are you sure it is well?" she asked. "Quite, quite well?. Doesn't its little face look as if its mammy hod been crying—no?", " 'Deed no," said Grannie, " but as bonny a baby as ever was born." The women were scurrying up and down, giggling on the landings, laughing on the stairs, and saying hush at their own noises as they crept into the room. In a fretful whimper the child, was crying, and Grannie was telling it, with many wags of the head and in a mighty stern voice, that they were going to have none of its complaining now that it had come at last; and Kate herself, with hands closped together, was sayincr in a soft murmur, like a prayer, " God is very good, and the doctor is good too. God is good to give us doctors." " Lie quiet, and I'll come back in an hour or two," said Dr. Mylechreest from half-way through the door. " Dear heart alive, what will the father say?" cried Grannie, and then the whole place broke into that smile of surprise which comes to every house after the twin angels of Life and Death have brooded long over its roof-tree and are gone at length before the u little child. face of When Pete came up to the quay in the raw sunshine of early morning, John the Clerk, mounted on a barrel, was selling by auction the night's tuke of the boats. " I've news for you, Mr. Quilliam," he cried, as Pete's boat, with half sail set, dropped down the harbour. Pete- brought to, leapt ashore, and went up to where John,' at the end of the jetty, surrounded by a crowd of buyers in little spring-carts, was taking bids for the tis'h. "One moment, Capt'n," be cried, across his outstretched arm, at the end whereof was aliening with gillsatiH opening and closing. "Ten mniseof this sort for the last lot. well j fed. fed, alive wnd kicking—how much for them ? Five shillings? Thank you —and three. Five and three. It's in it yet, boys—only five I and three—and six, thank yoiu It'll do no harm at five and Bix—six shillings? AH done at six—and six ? AH done at Bix and six?" "Seven shillings,"shouted somebody with I a voice like a toghorn. 1 "They're Annie the Cadger's," said John, dropping to the ground. " And now, Capt'n Quillinm, we'll go and wet the youngster's head." i Pete went up to Sulby like an avalanche, shouting his greetings to everybody on the way. But when he got near to the "Fairy," lie wiped his Bteaming forehead and held his panting breath, and pretended not to have heard the news. ' How's the poor girl now?" he said in a meek voice, trying to look powerfully miser able, and playing his part splendidly for thirty seconds. Then the women mode ej'es at each other and looked wondrous knowing, and nodded sideways at Pete and clucked and chuckled, saving, "Look at him—he doesn't know any thing, does he?" "Coorse not, woman— these men creatures are no use for nothing." " Out ol a man's way," cried Pete, with a roar, and he made a rush for the stairs. Nancy blocked him at the foot ot them with both hands on his shoulders. "You'll be quiet; then," she whispered. " Yon were always a rasonable man, Pete, and she's wonderful wake—promise you'ilbe quiet," "I'll be like a mouse," an id Pete, and he whipped off his long sea-boots and crept on tiptoe into the room. There she lay with the morning light on her, and a face as white ob the quilt that she was plucking with her long fingers.' "Thank God for a living mother and a living child," said Pete, in ft brokeh gurgle, and then he drew ddwn the )>edblothes a very little, and there, too, was the child on the! pillow of her other arm. Then, do what he would to be quiet, he could not help but make a shout, " He's there I Yes, he is 1 He is, though I! Joy ! Joy !" The women were down on him like a flock of geese. "Oat of this, bIt, if you can't behave better." " Excuse me, ladieB," said Pete, humbly, "I'm not in the habit of babies. A bit excited, you see, Mistress Nancy, ma'am. Couldn t help putting a bull of a roar" out, not being used of tbe like." Then, turning back to the bed, " Aw. Kitty, the beauty it is, though 1 And the big I As big as my fist already. And the fat! It's as fat as a bluebottle. And tbe straight t Well, not so straight, neither, but the complexion at him now I Give him to me, Kitty ; give him to me, the young rasoal. Let me^ave a hould of him, anyway." " Him, indeed ! Listen to the man," said Nancy. " It's a girl, Pete," said Grannie, lifting the child out of tne bed. " A girl, is it t" said Pete doubtfully. " Well, he said, with a wag of the head, "Thank God for a girl." Then, with another and more resolute wagt "YeS, thank God Tor a living' mother arid aliving child, if itis a girl," ana he stretQhed out bis arms to take the baby; . "Amy, now, me~aisy,r said Grannie, holding it out'to him. " Isitaisy bfoketheyare, Grannie*f said Pete. A good spir'it looked out of his great boyish face. " Qome to your ould daadie, you lit sandpiper, Gongh bless me, Kitty, the weight of him, though < This child's a auarter of a hundred it he's an ounce, He is, I'll go bail he is. Look at him! Guy heng,'Grannie, 'did ye ever see the like, now 5 It's, abs'lute perfection. Ivitty, I ■ couldn't ., _ couldn't "hove .had .a better .one .if I'd chicecl it, ■Where's - that' Tom ■ Hominy now t - The Resting''little billygoat; -he .was.bragging outrageous abCmt his new. baby—soj'.inghe wouldn'tpart with it for two of the beat cows in hiB cowhouse. Thia'll floor him,' I'm thinking. What's that you're saying. Mistress Nancy, ma'am ? No good for nothing, am I ? You • were right, Grannie. 4 It'll be all joy soon,' you were saying, and haven't we the child to "show for it? I put on my stocking inside out on Monday, ma'am. 'I'm in luck, says I, and so I was. Look at that, now ! He's shaking his HI fist at his father. He is, though. This child knows me. Aw, | you're clever, Nancy, but—no nonsense at all, Mistress Nancy, ma'am. Nothing will | persuade me but this child knows me." " Do you hear the man ?" said Nancy. He and /te, and he and he I It's a girl, I'm telling you ; a girl—a girl—a girl." " Well, well, a girl, then—a girl, we'll make it," said Pete, with determined resigna tion. " He's decaved," said Grannie. " It was a boy he was wanting, poor fellow !" But Pete' scoffed the idea. " A boy Never! No. no—a girl for your life. I'm | alrfor girls myself, eh Kitty ? Always was, and now I've got two of them." The child began to cry, and Grannie took I it back and rocked it, face downwards, across | her knees. " Goodness me, the voice at him!" said Pete. "It's a skipper he's born for—a harbour rooster, anyway." The*child slept, and Grannie put it on the pillow turned lengthwise at Kate's side. " Quiet as a Jenny Wren, now," said Pete. " Look at the bogh smiling in his sleep. Just like a baby mermnid on the egg of a dogfish. But where's the ouM man at all ? Has he seen it? We must have it in the papers, The Times ? Yes, und the 'Titer, too. ' The beloved wife of Mr. Capt'n Peter Quilliam, of ahoy—a girl,'I mane. Aw; the wonder there'll be all the island over—every body getting to know. Newspapers are like women—ter'ble bad for keeping secrets. What'il Philip say ? But haven't you a toothful of anything, Grannie ? Gin for the ladies, Nancy. Goodness me, the house is handy. What time was it ? Wait, don't tell me ! It was five o'clock this morning, wasn't it? Yea? Gough bless me, I knew it! High water to the very minute—aw, he'll rise in the world, and die at the top of the tide. How did I know when the child was born, ma'am ? As aisy as aisy. We were lying adrift off Cronk ny Irrey Lhaa, looking up for daylight by the fisherman's clock. Only light enough to see the black of jour nail, ma'am. All at once I heard a bahj-'s cry on the waters. ' It's the nameless child of Earey Oushin,' sings out one of the boys. ' Up with the clout,' says I. And when we were hauling the nets and down on our knees saying the bit of a praver, as usual, ' God bless my new-born child,' says I, ' and God bless my child's mother, too,' I says, ' and God love and protect them al ways, and keep and presarve myself as well.' " There was a low moaning from the bed. " Air ! Give me air ! Open the door !" K:its gasped. " The room is getting to hot for her," said Grannie. " Come, there's one too many of ns here." said Nancy. " Out of it," and she swept Pete | from the bedroom with her apron as if lie i had been a drove of ducks. I Pete glanced backward from the door, and j a cloak that was hanging on the inside of it] brushed his face. " God bless her !" he said in a low tone. " God bless and reward her for going through this for me !' Then he touched the cloak with his lips and disappeared. A moment later his curly black poll camesteaiing round thedoor-jauib, half-way down, like the head of a big boj*. " Von/»t» " in ft nrhicnpr ** rmfr tlif* fcim over the cradle ; it's a pity "to tempt the ] fairies. And, Grannie, I wouldn't lave it j alone to go out to the cowhouse—the lil people are shocking bad for changing." Kate, with her face to the wall, listened to I him with an aching heart. As Pete went | down, the doctor returned. " She's hardly 60 well," said the doctor. " Better not let her nurse the child. Bring it up by banc}. , It will he best for both." So it was arranged that Nancy should be made nurse and go to Elm-cottage, and that Mr3. Gorry should come in her place to Sulby. Throughout four-and-twenty hours there after Kate tried her utmost to shut her heart to the child. At the end of that time, being left some minutes alone with the little one, she was heard singing to it in a sweet, low tone. Nancy paused with the long brush in her hand in the kitchen, and Grannie stopped at her knitting in the bar. " That's something like, now," said Nancy. " Poor thing, poor Kirry ; what wonder if she was a bit out of her head, the bogh, and her not well since her wedding ?" They crept npBtairs together at the unac customed sounds, and found Pete, whom they had mi6sed, outside the bedroom door, half donbled up and holding his breath to listen. " Hush!" said he, less with his tongue than with his month; which he pursed out to represent the sound. Then he whispered, '.'She's filling all the.room with music. Listen! It's its good as fairy music in Gtentrammon; And it's the little fairy itself that's 'ticiug it out of her." Next day Philip came, and nothing would serve for Pete but that he should go up to see the child. *' It's only Phil," be said, through the doorway, dragging-Philip into Kate's room after him Kate did not look up, and Philip tried to escape. ".lie's got good news -for himself, too,' said Pete. "They're to be making him| Dempster to-mbrrow fortnight," ' Then Kate lifted ber eyes to Philip's face, Rnd all the glory of success withered under her gaae: He stumbled downstairs, and hurried away. A month later, Pete took his wife home in Cajsar's inc. Everything was the same as when he urohght her, save that within the shawls with which" sne was wrapped about the child now lay with its pink eyelids to the. sky, and its flat white bottle against her breast. It was a beautiful spring morning, and the yoiing sunlight was on the sallies of the Curragh and the gold of the roadside gorse. Pete was as Silly as a boy, and he ohirped and oreaked all the way home like every bird ahfl.bhast of heaven and earth. When they gpt ^JJlm- cottage, he lifted his wife down as reBtlerly as if she had been the babe she had iif'Jier arms. He was strong and she was light7and he half helped, halt carried her to tW porch door. Nancy was there to take the child out of her hands, and, as she did so, Pete, back at the horse's head, bfied ?" Thars the last bit of furniture the house waSj waitShfcfor, Nancy. What's a hpii8e,withoht a dmld ? Just a room without a block/* . r GjbOk, indeed," said Nancy; " slocks are 8to^rtng, but this one's for going like a " Don't be tempting theNightman, Nancy," cried Pete; but he. was full of childlike delight. ' : , ' ' Kale stepped inside. The fircbumed in the hall; parlour,' the fire-irons shone like glass; there were sprigs of fuclisia-b"d in the ornaments on the chimneypiece—everything was warm and cheerful and homelike. She sat down without .taking off her hat. " Why can't I be quiet and happy ?" she thought. " Why can't I make myself love him and forget?" But she was like one who traversed a desert under the sea—a vast submerged Sahara. Over her head was all her life, with all her love and all her happiness, and the things around her were only the ghostly . shadows cast by them. 