MINING NEWS. Prospecting for gold still continues on Poming alarna Common, Wagga. Specimens found occasion ally cause local excitement, but nothing has been found so f ar to justify anything like a rush. Colors can be found in several places in this district, but nothing of a payable nature has yet been discovered. T^Vtanrn ova t3c»wi3i*nl nloimcr' r\n.r/-*nA i-**-t+* s*** 'Da«*!.-_ alarna Common, but so far nothing has been struck which gives promise of the presence of a gold field. At a meeting of the Baker's Creek Gold Mining Company, S. A., yesterday the chairman stated that w8197,500 had been paid in dividends to date. Late news from Coolgardie says : — At the 250ffc level in Bayley's Bhaft a splendid shoot of coarse gold has been struck. The reef is about 89ft wide, and heavily mineralised ; 700oz are heing turned out weekly. Belvins, the lucky' discoverer of the Croesus reef, has struck the same reef on an adjoin ing block. - Unfortunately for him he had just before stribiog tho lode placed the property under offer for a small sum to a representative of H. S. Lay ton and Company, of Melbourne. A rich strike has been made at the 80ft in Cro3grove's. At Bayley's South, what was believed to be the hang ing wall has broken through, disclosing enormously rich stone. A nugget weighing 55oz has been brought in from the six-mile rush beyond Hannan's. A richreef has been struck at Mount Margaret, by the prospectors of W. E. Wilson. At the Londonderry mine they have not yet struck the reef in the sinking shaft, but in the crosscut at the 50ft level stone continues to open up of a fabulously rich .character. The latest news concerning the discovery of reefs at Mulligan and Scrub Paddook, near Yalgogrin, are that the former is 16 miles from Yalgogrin, and two (east and west) reefs have been discovered, carrying gold, near the surface. No sinking of any consequence hn,3 been done. The Scrub Paddock discovery is Bituated on Yalgogrin station, eight miles from tne Yalgogrin gold-field. Only one reef has been discovered ; it is 2ft. wide, carrying fair gold, but has not been proved to any depth. The discoveries are not causing any excitement here. Hildobrandt and party are nisiDg splendid atone from the new shaft at the 100ft. level. The gold is principally .confined to bluish quartz, and shows freely all through. The stone indicates both the permanence of the reef and a better yield. More reports are in circulation about the Coal baggie ghost whose head .quarters are near Dubbo. The latest is that the '' spook' has announced his intention to meet all corners to-day. Mr. Jacob Stein waa in Dubbo on Saturday evening. The ghost's latest prank is the barring of doors. It is to be hoped t.'iat something positive regarding tho affair will be learned. 