r> v " c fit JEAN MIDM.EMA8. xxxwiiedjsoim o| tan' v ; ,p jaeeme wk fniln ewii rnj> Win ITiily nfntl hud elapsed xinoe j fSmrmf Stunvrm had left A borne Court for ha foreign faarala, imbrvUnlilH hopOdto %hloh ji»a»«k mil nfleretaiiaingiWtan one evening, whin am wet by no memos expected, ha crept Sato fcia ownfcouaefcy Osjbmok door. . .QM'Sttoe toBs,'l4Ab WW 'hhn> hilaking to IhehonaekBeper and mid mho had seen Sir Clement's ghost. The housekeeper told her "not lo be m fool," and went oat to look for herself, and then she too trembled withmffijgbt nntiltitofceard the well -known ltoint1je atitaned, it is myeiilf ; Clement llnnrarsn in the flesh. I hmve been very ill. mad haTedomThome to idle?" ' 'Oh.ISrOlBthmit, why ever didn't yon let as know that, we might hare hod things, iatootnlortabteforyod?' V ,- " All righti-mll right rdon'ttroofile yonr- adf. There'll be oomfort enough lor me. Light a fire in the libtuy, LedyGertrode'e favorite room; and eend for Dr Watson." ' The night was cold one, though it was only mid October, and the trees were still heavy with mellow, golden foliage. "There was something about Sir Clement's manner and sppearmnOe which repelled ques tion, so the servants bestirred themselves to prepare dinner, get .his bedroom reedy, and aaake the Jilaea an home-like as the short notice wonldLpermit, without miking for any farther orders. Sir Clement, meanwhile, eat down in front of the fire, which bad been speedily lighted, and took no notioe of anyone. It-eras not until Dr Watson entered the room that he ronsed op from hie reverie. Themnmmone to oome at once to Sir Clement Dnnraveta'hsd been received by the little doctor withino small dismay, and a presenti ment oftboifflng trouble look powerful posses- ion of him'; nor was liia dread of the fatnre in any way lessened when he saw the man who had sent for him. pf.' Doomed to death," was the Doctor's mental verdiot, and that torture of mind bed «nded in producing torture of body,- he was not slow in deoiding. Sic Clement held ant his hand, and said, tfeeUy : " It ii freed of yon to have oome ao soon " How gladly would Dr Wat on have grasped it, bnt that the reoollection of the wi al aocnaatioo made by Jim Giendioning rose vividly in hia-miod.' He pretended not to see the jbdantied hand, bnt drawing a ohafr eloeeto hia patient, tried to speak " Sorry yon have oome hack ill. Sir dement ; we must see if we sen patch yon np." BntSirClemect noted at once the want of -eerdielity, and said, bitterly : "Xou cannot 'minister to a mind -diaeaeed.' hut since I see you know or have guessed the troth, yon will make my tsek easier." Dr Wisteonmerelyanswemd withan "Ah," and.Sir Clement went on : 1 have oot much belief in parsons. They would ruin you if they could, as Singleton triad to rpin me. But I have sent for yon, Watson, beomnse I know you to bs a true and honest man, and as each yon will help me to make the best atonement for the past that is iu my power." " l will use my best endeavors so to do/' answered Br Watson, 41 but would not Sir Jm.Berteley— " - oried Sir Clement, intexrapt- Berkeley bus a wife, and, I hear, a child. Let fcim be happy and ignorant. 1 will not have him freighted with my misery. Von nut hear many a tale of wxetchedness, Watson; it'is IB your calling.1 44 Alas 1 Tales of wretchedness and Buffer- ngthat one oaraiat always assuage." 44 Xhere is only one inoureble disease of whi&hjbe; Jtnctne emmet be alleviated, and that-' ie2bb disease -£rbmH which I am dying now — it is called Remorse." 4Oh, Sir Clement, cepentanoe most bring Deviation ol Buffering, even to the mom re- monefol," 44 1 have repented, humbled myeelf in dost sod ashes for my sine, bnt I am no happier. -Remoae-"KDBWB arvrcanker worm at tny heart. Should I be happier if 1 had made a public confession, and allowed the law to lake ite course? I think not.- Anyway, it wooid -have two light misery and obloquy on innocent people. So I resolved to keep my Becret. lt«u wearing me oat, and the severest pan. iahxnent IJan" infliot on myself is that I havoTefeiuiied'from tny own dee traction. However, the end is not -far off now, and before that end crimes I want yon to know the troth.1' 4 4 "What good to tell it, Sir Clement. Be. Sore the words have fallen from your lips yon nay ragrethaving spoken them." 'Ian never regrat having asked a good sate to tothe guardian of my — 0q will \- will not refuse?" Dr Watson winoed, bnt he aooepted the gaardianaHp . 44 Xisais toy child, " continued Sir Clement, 'ond Tssbeth her mother, my lawful wife, whioh djadyGfa-teude never was." sake keep -cBehfcdr' 3hink"wtbd memoryof that pure, vie toons lady, and keep siie&qe.;" 44 To all bat yon I will do go, bnt yoa mast know the truth, or yon cannot do the best for pJphUd<jutd her brave mother. If I die without a will this property cannot go to ilea, unless her legitimacy proved. In jue- tioe to 'Lady Gertrude I am going, with your hrip, to make- <will leaving every thing to Xaea, my adopted- daughter, who is to take the&amepf; Dunraven. This may seem to ydnjto.bennjpsttoLisbefhutabeagreod to be supplanted by Lady Gertrude, in order Plight become jpyjmde'a. heir, and, fasraiore, ebe nmat bear her share of the 'Mrowa brought on us .Ay onr joint folly. iiiMtisntdtttftea ilsbeth, I might fltove -been poorer, bnt I should have been a sar happier , 44 She is the iiest and nobleBt among women," said the dootor, fervently; «ir Clement looked at him keenly. His Tto#ss#oiMth08e oHm inquisitor, for glecient ft a ignese ed the de- toibirigiit men,' fis oir THement after a pause. 44 Win her SfyotLcan, Watson, and if my blessing, the, blessing of a wretched criminal, is of any f vafl, yoa fcfiM3B4fc witliall 'tny Aeari To : "fkatfcy pobt Bisheth will have a rest- ktison than I Reserve/' AHo thing more was said pn the i matter; WhatooaU be said as long se Clement Bon rivedP Pepe, Ink andjpaper werepro- dooed, and tbe last will ana testament' of tojWingktoyneXkwvtsnanlltte valukbln. ffcMqi/kiM,iWy.iieto kfaUt hsd i ,'A«»«gorfared 'W% cegiscm's in the (Sty gjfcgmrtn.r The guardian and the -sole . eseentorto he hig tricd und volned friend, swiffwd'IWtsoh, U.D. The bntler and ftff to vritneee twUgiiBtope / .sea their snaster, and this » 3todjien-Uy bock in hia j nondirion ol aynoope flat gusmmimsstt' totgtfcoyneDonrt. , . - Mtd W:|eft loTdsa.'aod faunrfng MWMM>>toj6v«B» toynrdsLisbeth. , in gjEwCTaMaawHarjgotMaAi. nn arwhslr, 'knd'srrnaea lor (be tmflSo' art5nto» ndiotntng room. so that he might he nthsnd iUBs services vrsre ieqn!«31nUis enoed was tnMt ead to witoesa. InvnBr Wataon tried ev«y available sneaot to -quiet HetabeelMjtKHntidetodde lhjhyerfsh%TWtement, mntfeering evhty yam ndajgalnloihewfiat tocoherentiyj ouly Dr 'WattoxffvKho tjeld the key, unoentood full well how sorely the poor distracted mind was troubled. Asu frequently the case, with the break of dawn the . reetleBsoeBe. and. ex mte&e;&t; grew moro intense; aadkhe mtUter- ings beoame shonts and loud ories for help. j3r Watson was thankful that the butler was a heavy sleeper. , He would not for worlds hive had him hear the unhappy man's ravings, and, violent though Sir Clement was, be plnckUy determined to manage him, if poauble, by himself. 44 How dare he oome between me and lis- bethf: Ah! the water. Is deep, and -black, and orid. What ! no movement, toi',eoand» sQenoe ! Uy God, what silence ) Ho voice, not k leaf Barring.; nothing bnt that blaok, still water, and the rashes. Ah ! the rashes will hide il. Let me go! Let me go! I nan stay here no longer. Away, away, from this terrible plaoe. Yon shall not hold me; 1st 'me go. The pOlioe are oondng ! The manacles I The mob in the oonrt I Old Jim'e jibbering face ! The gallows !' It was a fearful and awful eight this tor ture of mental agony, and In all his wide practice Br "Watson bad never before wit nessed each a scene. He fought through bravely, however, and by means of an anesthetic, for which he had sent to his surgery early in the evening, he managed to quietthe agitated brain,, and by the time the first awakenings of Ufe were heard in the house, £tc Clement Dnnraven had sunk Into an uneasy, nnn&tnral; sleep ; while as for Br Watson, he was so exhausted by what he bad gone through, that it was only by an immwiM force of will that he managed to pull himself together so as to be able to proceed with the terrible duty of tending this wretched man. Till this hoar he had put away from bis mind, as the mere chimera of an nhhinged brain, dim Gleoditwing's assertion about the part which Clement Dunraven had played in the death of Pierce Vauehan. Now he bad no farther doubt on the subject ; the true murderer lay before him, and might even yet be brouirht to justioe. Br Watson thought that the hours of his life were numbered ; still, there was no saying what turn he might take, or who might hear the ravings which could not tail to convict him. For himself, he_ intended to say nothing ; the puniflunent Clement Dunraven had received was a heavy oue, and who was be that he should deliver him over to the law, blighting the memory of one true, loving woman, and the life of another by his fall P Many might cavil at, and argue about Be Watson's reasoning, and how he justified himself in thus condoning crime, bnt he cared sot. The preeenoe of Death was omnipotent in that room, and the terrors of remorse accompanying it made all earthly punishment seem small and unreal. The efforts of those interested to keep Lady Gertrude and her memory free from the taint were, however, to meet witu success. When Sir Miles Berkeley arrived, it was to find the sufferer still elnmbering. Nor did he ever recover sufficiently to reoogniee any of those who were about him. The terrible crisis was over, and, tbacks to Br Watton's loyalty, the dire events then revealed would never be divulged. Sir Clement lingered for many hours, vitality bring stronger than the doctor had expeoted. He took what nourishment they gave him apathetioally, bnt did not speak; the brain was numbed, and the pnUeand powers were gradually growing feebler. Towards eveniog a tall figure in a long blue cloak name up the et6ire with a halting step, and Liebeth gazed for the last time into the living face of the man she had so desperately loved, that she had sacrificed all her happiness in life for his dear sake. She knew nothing of the will, nothing of what had been done for Lisa, and she asked nothing. All her thonghte were absorbed in him who lay there dying in the prime of bis manhood, the victim of his own sins. Nor were there any tears in her eyes as she looked at him, bnt prayers, heartfelt and deep, were in her heart; pray era that be might not be punished everlastingly for his grave transgressions. Considerate always, Dr Watson went away, and left her with the dying man. He wonid Dot pty into the secrets of that woman's heart, and truly a veil should bedrawn over her sorrow and her agony. Ac- hour later Clement Dunraven waB dead, and 'he tall figure went down the stairo&ae; noiselessly, as she had mounted it, away into die silent night, where the moon, shining brilliantly to guide kor steps, and the stars effalgently beaming, gave her hope that the pathway even through the valley of the Shadow of Death was not wholly drear, and that mercy was extended oven to the greatest sinners. The news of Lisa's heirship, which was spread about soon after Sir Clement's funeral took the entire neighborhood by sur prise, and, of course, various were the com ments made upon it. Everyone whispered to his intimate that he knew the truth, had known it for years, but no one gnawed the riddle aright, save Br WatGon and Mrs Sin gleton, and they were silent as the grave wherein the dead lay buried. And so, after awhile, the gossip ceased, the social gatherings re-commenced, and the world ran on its usual course, as if Sir Clement Dunraven had never existed. Br "Watson took means to b&ve; Idea edu cated in a manner befitting her future posi tion, and was ably assisted by Lisbeth. Whether the little doctor will ever per suade Liebeth to give up her 14 Home" and its suffering inmates, and begin life anew with him in the red-brick bouse on the out skirts of the town, is one of the problems of the future. Lady Marcia says that, of coarse, she ought to marry him, and that there is plenty of money to found a real big " Home" in memory of lady Gertrude. Hitherto Dr Watson has been too sby to put the question himself, and ii the marriage takes place, it will probably be because Lady Marcia h&b; brought it about. THE KND. 