THE HORROR OF STUBLJEY RAINGE. \- ·. · ·..-, ..... .. ?, .i.?------- - A DOCTORS STORY. I was in my consulting-room one morning, and had just said good-bye to the last of my patients, when my servant came in and told ume that a lady had called who pressed very earnestly for an interview with me. " I told her that you were just going out, sir," said the man, "and she saw the ocarriage at the door ; but she begged to see you, if only for two minutes. This is her card." I read the words, " Lady Studley." " Show her in," I said hastily, and the exrt momenta tall, slightly-made, fair-haired girl entered the room. She looked very young, scarcely more than twenty; and I could hardly believe that she was;. what her card'indicated, a married woman. The color rushed into her cheooks as she held out her hand to me. I motioned her to a chair. and then asked her what 1 could do for her. ' Oh, you can help me," ite said, clasping her hands and speaking in a slightly theatrical manner. "My husband, Sir Henry Studley, is very unwell, and I want you to come to eae him- can you?--will you ?" " With pleasure," I replied. "Where do you live ?" " At Studley Grange, in Wiltshire. Don't you know our place 9" I daresay'I ought to know it," I replied, ' although at the present moment I can't recall the name. You want me to come to seo your husband. I presume you wish me to have a consultation with his medical at. tendant P" " No, no, not at all. The fact is, Sir Henry has not got a medicalattendant. He dislikes doctors, and won't see one. I want you to come and stay with us for a week or so. I have heard of you through mutual friends the Onslows. I knowyoncan effect remark able cures, and you have agreat deal of tact. But you can't possibly do anything for my husband Unless you .are willing to stay in the house and to notice his symptoms." Lady Studley seoke with great emphasis and earnestnese. ITer long, slender hands were olasped tightly together. She had drawn off her gloves, and was bending forward in her chair. Her big, childish and somewhat restless blue eyes were fixed im ploringly on my face. " Ilove my husband," she said, tears sud denly filling them- "amid it is dreadful, dreadful, to see him suffer as he does. He will die unleas someone comnes to his aid. Oh, I know I am asking an immense thing, when I be', of you to leave all your patients and come to the counmtry. But we can pay. Money is no object whatever to us. We can, we will, gladly pay you. for your scr vies." "I must think the matter over," I said. "You ll.tter mie by wishung for mte, and by Seleving that 1 can render you assistance, but I cannot take a stop of tl:is kind in a hurry. I will write to oul Iby to-night's post if you will give tne your address. In the meantitle, kindly tell me some of the symptoms of Sir iHenry's malady." " I fear it is a malady of tihe mind," she Luswered immediately, *" but it is of so vivid and so startling a chbracter, that unless relief is soon obtained, the body must give way under the strain. You see that I am very young, l)r Halifax. Perhaps I look younger than I ast-my ane is twentsy-two. My husband is twenty years toy senior. He would, however, be considered by most people still a young tman. lie is a .,reat scholar, and has tslwavs had more or less the habits of arecluse. lu is fond of living in his library, and likes nothing better than to be surrounded by bookes of allsorts. Every modern book worth reading is 'forwarded to him by its publisher. He is a very interest ing man and a brilliant conversstionalist. Perhaps I ought to put all this in the past tense, for now lie scarcely ever speaks-he reads next to nothing-it is ditlicult to per suade him to eat-he will not leave the house -he used to have a rather ruddy complexion -he is now deadly pale and terribly ema. elated. He sinhs in the moot heartrending manner, and seems to be in a state of ex treme nervous tension. In short, he is very ill, and yet hIe seems to have no bodily disease. Hlis eyes have a terribly startled expression in them--hi, hand trem bles so that he can ecarcely raise a cup of tea to his lips. In short. he looks like a man who has seen ca ghost." "' \heu did those symptoms iegin to ap pear?" I asceed. "it is mid winter nose," said Lady Studley. "The queer cymptums began to show themselves in my hutsband in October. Thley have been growing worse and worse. In short, 1 can stand them no longer," she continued. giving way to a shlort, hycterical sob. " I felt I must cotne tosorneooe-1- have heard of you. Do, do name and save us. Io crome and find oun what is the matter with my wretched husband." " I will write to you to-night," Issid, in as kind a voice as I could muster, for the pretty anxious wife interested me already. "It may notbe possible forme to stay tit Studley Grange for a week. but in any casel can pro mise to come and see rite patient. One visit willprobably be sufticient-what your hue band wants is, no doubt, complete change." " Oh, yes, yes," shebo replied, standing up now. " I have said so scores of times, but Sir Henry won't stir from Studley-nothiog willinduce himto go away. iHe won't even leave his own special bedreom, although I expect he has dreadful nights." Two hectic spots burnt in her checks as she spoke. I looked at her attentively. " You will forgive rue for speaking," I said, " but you do not llok at all wellyourself. 1 should like to prescribe for you as well as your husband." " Thank you." she answered, " I am not very strong. I never have been, but that is nothing-1 menu that my health is not a thinz of cosseoluence at present. W\ell, I must not take up any more of your time. 1 shall expect to get a letter from you to morrow morning. l'lease address it to Lady Studley, (Grosvenor lotel, Victoria." She touched my hand with fingers that burnt like a !iving coal and left the room. I thought her very ill, and was sure that if Icould see moy way to spnnding a week at Studley Grange, 1 should have two patients in-tead of one. It is always diflicult for a busy doctor to leave home, but after carefully thinking matters over, I -resolved to comply with Lady Studlcy's request. Accordinely, two days later saw me onmy way to Wiltshiro and to Studley Grange. A brou.ham with two smart horses was waiting at the station. To mty sutrprise I saw that Lady Stuiley Ihad core herself to fetch me. " I don't know how to thank you," she said, giving me a feveribh clasp of her hand. " Your visit fills me with hope-I believe that you will discover what is really wrong. Hornse !" she said. giving a quick, imperious direction to the footman who appeared at the window of the carriage. We bowled forward at a rapid pace, and she continued: " I came to meet you to.day to tell you that I have used a little guile with regard to your visit. I have not told Sir Henry that vou are cominir here in the capacity of a doctor." Here she caused and gave me one of her reatless glances. " D)o you mind ?" she asked. " What have you said albout me to Sir Henry ?" I inquired. " That you are a great friend of the Onslows, and that i hIave asked you here for a week's change,"' bshe canswered immediately. "As a gsest, my htusband will be polite and delighttul to you-as a doctor, he would treat you with scant civility, and woulcd probably give yout little or none of I!seconfidence." I was quite silent for a moment after Lady Siudlsy had told me this. Tl'hen I said : " Had I known that I was not to comeo to your house in the capacity of a metlical man, I misht have re-considered my earnest desire 'io help you." She turned very pale when I said this, and tears filled her eyes. " Never mind," I said now, for I could not but be touched but iy hier extremely pathetic and suflering face, by the look of great illness which was manifested in every lance. "Never mind now; I am glad you have told me exactly the terms on which you wish me to approach your husband; but I think that I can so put matters to Sir Henry that he will Ie glad to consult me in my medical capacity." " Oh, but hIe does not eveno know that I suspect his illness. It would never do for him to knowt. I suspect ! 1 see I I fear! but I say nothing. Sir Hlenry would be much more miserable than he is now, if he thought that I guessed that there is anything wrong with him." " It is impossible for toe to come to the Grange except as a medical man," I an swered firmly. " 1 will tell Sir Henry that yon hare sees some changes in 5im, and have naked me to visit him as a doctor. Please trust me. Nothing will be aid to your husband that can make matters at all uncomfortable for you." Lady Studley did not venture any further remonstrance, and we now approached the old Grange. It was an irregular pile, built evidentlyaccording to the s,ants of the dif ferent families who had lived in it. The building was long and rambling, with rows of windows filled up with panes of lattice glass. In front of the house was a sweeping lawn, which, even at this time of the year, presented a vel vety and well-kept appearance. We drove rapidly round to the entrance door, and a moment laterl found myself in the presence of my hoat and patient. Sir Henry Studley was a tall man with a very slight stoop, and an aquiline nose and rather noble face. His eyes were dark. and his forehead inclined to be bald. There was a courtly, old-worldsort of look about him. He greeted me with ex treme friendliness, and we went into the hail, a very large and lofty apartment, to tea. Lady Studley was vivacious and lively in the extreme. While she talked the hectic spotscame out again on her cheeks. Myv un easiness about her increased as I noticed those symptoms. I felt certain that she was not only consumptive, but in all probability she was even now the victim of an advanced stage of phthisis. I felt far more anxious about her than about her husband, who ap peared to me at that moment to be nothing more than a somewhat nervous and hypochon driacal person. This state of things seemed easy to aicount for in a scholar and a man of sedentary habits. I remarked about the age of the house, and my host beoame interested, and told me one or two stories of the old inhabitants of the Grange. He said that to- morrow he would have much pleasure in taking me over the building. " Have you a ghost here?" I asked, with a laugh. I don't know what prompted me to ask the question. The moment I did so Sir Henry turned white to his lips, and Lady Studley held up a warning finger to me to intimate that I was on dangerous grouud. I felt that I was, and hastened to divert the conversa tion into safer channels. Inadvertently I had touched on a rore spot. I scarcely regretted having done so, as the flash in the baronet's troubled eyes, and the extreme agitation of his face, showed me plainly that Lady Studley was right when she spoke of his nerves being in a very irritable con dition. Of course, I did not believe in ghosts, and wondered that a man of Sir Henry's calibre could be at all under the in fluence of this old-world fear. "I am sorrythat we have no one to meet you," he said, after a few remarks of a com. monplace character had divided us from the ghost question. "But to-morrow several friends are coming, and we hope you will have a pleasant tia'e. Are you tond of hunt ing? " I answered ttat i used to be in the old days, before medicine and patients occupied all my thoughts. " If this open weather continues, I can probably give you some of your favorite pas time," rejoined hir Henry ; "and now per haps you would like to be shown to your Croot.' fy bedroom was in a modern wing of the house, and looked as cheerful and as unghost like ns it was possible for a roost to be. I did not rejoin my host and hostess uuntil dinlier time. We had a sociable little meal. at v hich nothing of any importance oocurred, and shortly after the servants withdrew, Lady Studley left Sir HIcnry and me to oursolves. She gave me another warning glance as she left the room. I had already quite made up my mind, huwever, to tell Sir Henry the motive of my visit. The moment the dloor closed behind his wife, he started up and asked me if I would mind coining with him into his library. "T:he fact is," he said, " I am parti cularly glad you have come down. I want to have a talk with ycu about my wife. She is extremely unwell." I signified my willingness to listen to any thing Sir Henry might say, and in a few minutes we found ourselves comfortably established in a splendid old room, completely clothed with books from ceiling to floor. " These are my treasures,"said the baronet, waving his hand in the direction of an old bookcase, which contained, I saw at a glance, some very rare and precious first editions. " These are my friends, the companions of my hours of solitude. Now sit down, l)r Halifax ; make yourself athome. Ynou have come here as a guest, but I have heard of you before, and am inclined to confide in you. I must frankly say that I hate your profession as a rule. I don't believe in the omniscience of medical men, but moments come in the lives of all men when it is necessary to unburden the mind to another. May I give you my confidence?" "One moment first," Isaid. "I can't deceive you, Sir Henry. I have come here, not in the capacity of a guest, but as your wife's medical man. She has beae anxious about you, and she begged of me to come and stay hero for a few days in order to render you any r.edical assistance within my power. I only knew, on my way heroe to-day, that she had not acquainted you with the nature of my visit." While I was speaking, Sir Henry's face became extremely watchful, eager and tense. "This is remarkable," he said. "So Lucilla is anxious aboutsme? I was not aware that I ever gave her the least clue to the fact that I am not -in perfect health. This is verystrange-is troubles me." He looked agitated. He placed onu long, thin hand on the little table which stood near, and pouringouta glass of wine, drank it off. I noticed as he did so the nervous trembling of his hand. I glanced at Lis face, and saw that it was thin to emaciation. " Well," heesad, "I am obliged to you for being perfectly frank with me. Ny wife scarcely did well to conceal the object of your visit. But now thatyou have come, I shall make use of you both for myself and for her." "Then you are not well?" I asked. "\Vell!" hlie answered, with almost a shout. "Good God, no! I think I am going mad. I know-I know that unless relief soon comes I shall die or become a raving maniac." "No, nothing of the kind," I answered, soothlingly ; "you iribably want chance. This is a fine old house, but dull, no doubt, in winter. Why don't you go awayP-to the Riviera, or some other lsnce where there is plenty of sunsehine ? Why do you stay here ? The air of this place is too dump tobe good for either you or your wife. SirHenry sat silent for a moment, then he said, in a terse voice : "Perhapsyou will advise me what to do after you know the nature of the malady which atilicts me. First of all, however, I wish to speak of my wle." "1 am ready to listen," I replied. " You see," he continued, "that shite is very delicateno I" "' Yes," I oeplicl: "to be frank with you, I should say that Lady Studley was con sumptive." He started when I said tbis, and pressed his lips firmly together. After a moment he spoke. " You are right," he replied. " 1 bad her examined by a medical man--Sir Joseph I)unbar-when I was last in London; he said her lungs wero conniderably affected, and that, in short, she was far from well." " D)id he not order you to winter abroad ?" " Heo did, buit Lady Studley opposed the idea so strenuously that I was obliged to yield to her entreaties. Consumption does not seem to tako quito tbhe ordiunary form with her. Jiho is restless, she longs for cool air, ekl goes out on quite cold days, in a closed carriage, it in true. Still, except. at night,shu does not regard herself in any soense as an invalid. She has immense spirit-I think she will keep "p until she dies." "You speak ct her being an invalid at night," I replied. " Whlt? ar her symno toms ?" Sir Ielery shuddered quite visibly. "Oh, those awfulnights," ihe answered. " Iow happy would many poor tor. tals be hut for the terrible time of darkness. Lady Studloy had dreadful nights for come time ; perspirations, cough, restlessness, bad dreams anld all the rost of it. Iut I must hasten to tell you my story quito briefly. In the be ginning of October we saw Sir Joseph Dun bar. I should then, by his advice, have taken Lady Studlioy to the Itiviorn, but she opposed the idea with such passion and dis trees, that I abandoned it." Sir Henry paused here, and I looked at him attentively. I remembered at that moment what Lady Studley had said about her husband refusing to leave the Grange under any cironmstances. What a strangeo game of crose-purposes these two were play ing. Iew was it possible for me to got at the truth P " At my wife's earnest request," continued Sir Henry, "we returned to the Grange.She declared her firm intention of remaining here untli she died. " Soon after our return she snggested that we should occupy separate rooms at night, reminding me, when she made the request, of the infectious nature of consumption. I complied with her wish on condition that I slept in the room next here, and that on the smallest emergency I should be sum moned to her aid. This arrangement was made, and her room opensinto mine. I have sometimes heard her moving about at night-I have often heard her cough, and I have often heard her sigh. But she has never once sent for me, or given me to understand that she required my aid. She does not think herself very ill, and nothing worries her more than to have her malady spoken about. That is the part of the story which relates to my wife." " She is very ill," I said. " But I will speak of that presently. Now. will you favor me with an account of your own symptoms, Sir Henry 1" He started again when I said this, and going across the rooem, looked the door and put the key in his pocket. " Perhaps you will laugh at me," he said, " but it is no laughing matter, I assure you. The most terrible, the most awful attffliiction has come tome. In short, I am visited nightly by an appalling apparition. Yoe don't believein ghosts, I judge that by youet face. Few scientific men do." "Frankly, I do not," I replied. " So. called ghosts can generally be accounted for. At the most they are only the figments of an over-excited or diseased brain." " Be that as it may," said Sir Henry,"the diseased brain can give such torture to its victim that death is preferable. All my life I have been what I consider a healthy-minded man. I have plenty of money, andhavenever been troubled with the careswhich torture men of commerce, or of small means. When I married, three years ago, I considered myself the most lucky and the happiest of mortals." " Forgive a personal question,'' I inter rupted. " Has your marriage disappointed you P' " No, no; far from it," he replied with fervor. " I love my dear wife better and more deeply even than the day when I took her as a bride to my arms. It is true that I aml weighed down with sorrow about her, but that is entirely owing to tilhe state of her health." " It is strange," I said, " that she should be weighed down with sorrow about you for the same cause. Have .you told her of the thing which terrifies you ?" " Never, never. I have never spoken of it to mortal. it is remarkable that my wife should have told you that I looked like a man who had seen a ghost. Alas ! alas ! iut let me tell you the cause of my shattered nerves and failing health." "Pray do, I shall listen attentively," I re plied. "Oh, doctor, that I could make you feel thehorror of it !" said Sir Henry, bending forward and lookirginto my eyes. "Three months ago no mule believed in visitations, in apparitions, in so-called ghosts, than you do. Were you tried as I au, your scepticism would receive aehock. Let me tell you what oeurs. Night after night Lady Strudley and I retire to rest at the same hlour. \'e say good night, nod lay our heads on our separate pil lows. Thedoor of communication betwee.n us is shut. She has a night light in her room I prefer darkness. I close any eyes and pre. pare for slumber. As a rule I Sall asleep. Žlysleep is of short duration. I awake with beads of perspiration standing on msy fore head, with any heart thumping heavily and with every terrve wide awake, and waiting for the horror which will come. Sometimes I wait half an hour \--sometimes longer. Then I know by a faint ticking sound in the darkness that the Thing, for I can clothe it with no name, is about to visit me. In a certain spot of the room always in the same spot. a bright light suddenly flashes : out of its midst there gleams a pretornaturally large eye,which looks fixedly at wre with a diabolical expression. As time goes, it does not remain long; but as agony counts,it seems to take years of my life away with it. It fades as suddenly into grey mist and nothingness as it comes, and, wet with perspiration, and struggling to keep back screams of mad terror, I bury my head in the 'ed. clothes." " But have you never tried to investigate this thing ?" I said. "I didat first. The brat night 1 saw it, I rushed out of bed and made for the spot. It disappeared at once. I struck a light-there was nothing whatever in the room." " Why did you sleep in that room ?' " I must not go away from Lady Studley. My terror is thatshe should know anything of this--my greater terror is that the appa rition, failing me, may visit her. 1 daresay you think I'm a fool, Halifax; but the fact is, this thing is killing me, brave man as I consider myself." " Do you seeit every night ? " I asked. "Not quite every night, but sometimes on tihe same night it comes twice. Sometimes it will not come at all for two nights, or even three. Itis the most ghastly, the most hor rible form of torture that could hurry a sane man into his grave or into a madhouse." " 1 have not the least shadow of doubt," I said, after a pause, " that the thing can be accounted for." Sir Henry shook his head. "No, no," he replied, " it is either as you suggest, a figment of my own diseased brain, and therefore just as horrible as a real apparition; or it is a supernatural visitation. Whether it exists or not, at is reality tome and in no way a dream. The full horror of it is present with me in my waking mooments." " Do you think anyone is playing an awful practical joke ?" I suggested. " Certainly not. What object can anyone have in scaring me to death ? Biesides, there is no one in the room, that I can swear. 1My outer door is locked, Lady Studley's outer door is locked. It is impossible that there can be any trickery in the matter." I said nothing for a moment. I no more believed in ,hosts than 1 ever did, but I felt certain that there was grave mischief at work. Sir Henry must be the victimof a hallucina tion. This might only be caused by functional disturbance of the brain, but it was quite serious enough to call for immedi ate attention. The first thinur to, do was to findt out whether the apparition could be accounted for in any material way, or if it were due to the state of Sir Henry's nerves. I began to ask him certain questions, going fully into the case in all its bearings. 1 then exanmied his eves with the ophthalmoscope. The result of this was to assure me beyond doubt that Sir Henry Studley was in a highly nervous condition, although I could detect no trace of brain disease. "Do you mind taking me to your room I" I said. "Not to-night," he answered. "It is late, and Lady Studley might express sur prise. The object of my life is to conceal this horror from hlr. When she is out to morrow you shall come to the room and judge for yourself." " Well," I said," I shall have an interview with your wife tomorrow, and urnto her most strongly to consentto leave the GC;range and go away with you." Shortly atterwards we retired to rest, or what went by the namne of restin thatsad house, with its troubled inmates. I must confess that, comnfortable as iiy room was, I aloept very little. Sir Henry's story stayed with me all through the hours of. darkness. I am neither nervous nor imaginative, but I could not help seeing that terrible eye, even in my dreams. I inet my host and hostess at an early hreackfast. Sir Henry proposed that as the day was warm und line, I should ride to a neighboringr meet. I was not in the humor for this, however, and said frankly thatt I should prefer remaining at the Grange. One glanc into the faces of my host and hostess told me only too plainly that I had two very serious patients on my hands. Lady Stdlley looltked terribly wea·k and exoited-the hectiospots on her cheeks, tlhe gleaming glitter of her eyes, the parched lips, the long, white, emaciated hands, all showed only too plainly the strides the malady under which she was suffering was mlaking. " After all, I cannot urge that poor girl to go abroad,'" I said to myself. " She is hastcn sg rapidly to her grave, and no power on earth can save her. She looks as if there wore extensive disease of the lungs. JHow restless her eyes are, too ! I would much rather testify to Sir Henry's sanity than to hers." Sir Icnry StutdlLy also bore traces of a sleepless night-his face was bloodless; he averted his eyes from mine; he ate next to nothing. (TO Bo COrrranl:D.) 3ressrs A. Carnegie and Co., the Cell kuown irlon firm, of Pittsburg, hlave bco fined L28,000 by the Unlited States Govertnment for supplying defective iron plates for U.S. wrshlips. 