ITEMS OF NEWS. The demonstration yesterday in honour of the visit of His Excellency the Governor to Castle- maine was characterised by loyal enthusiasm. There was a large assemblage in the street to witness the arrival and departure of the Gover- nor who, after being entertained at luncheon, visited the extensive foundry of Messrs. Thomp- son and Co., accompanied by a large party. His Excellency was piloted over the well-conducted foundry by Mr J. S. M. Thompson, who ex- plained the various matters of interest to His Excellency. Every department was visited, and the Earl of Hopetoun expressed great pleasure at seeing such a fine, progressive industry in Castlemaine. Before leaving, the Governor was also shown two of the large pumps that are to he used at Spottiswoode. The party then drove to the Orderly Room, where His Excel lency opened the Horticultural Show. At the Metcalfe Shire Council yesterday the following tenders were accepted : — M'Bratney's road, Geo. Reddick, L48 ; Palmer's road, M. Ryan, L2 19s ; for leasing land at Elphinstone, the lender of John Pollard's, at 7d per acre, was accepted. After leaving the Orderly Room yesterday afternoon, and previous to leaving for Maldon, His Excellency the Governor asked to be driven to the Cumberland Hotel. Upon entering that building, His Excellency, addressing Mr. M'Gregor, conveyed his best thanks to Mrs. M'Gregor (who happened to be at the Show) for the kind hospitality and welcome he had received at the hotel during his visit. He also congratu- lated Mr. M'Gregor for having a piper, which was in accordance with an old Scotch custom. Mr. W. J. Begelhole, late manager of the Bayley's Reward, has joined the provisional board of directors of the Bayley's No. 1 North, and will on his return to Coolgardie act as con- sulting manager to that company. A report on the property by Mr. Begelhole appears in the 'Evening Herald,' and in this be mentions that work done on the south-east corner of the Bayley's Reward ground indicates that Gorrie's reef runs into the claim of the Bayley's No. 1 North Company. Another entertainment was given in the Theatre Royal last night, consisting of Maori pictures and recitals. There was an entire change of programme, and Rawei again in his address kept the attention engaged of his audience. Many phases of Maori life, not generally known, were narrated by him, and there were made the more luminous and im- pressive by the pictures on the screen. The vegetation of New Zealand was seen to be far more hardy and luxuriant than in the colony, as depected in the pictures. Ferns, from the tiny maiden hair to the lofty trees, were clustered thickly together. Views of Milford Sound and the terraces were amongst those produced. Rawei and Hinia Taimoa will give another en- tertainment this evening. The many friends of Sergeant Frood will re- gret to hear that he died at his residence, Fitzroy, Melbourne, yesterday. He was in Castlemaine a few weeks ago, looking delicate, and telling his friends that he had an ailment from which be had no hope of recovery. Having made provision for his wife and family, he seemed quite reconciled to what he regarded as the inevitable. When stationed at Castlemaine, for only six years, be won the respect of the townsmen, by whom he was well-known, and was much regarded by the force under his con- trol, for his fairness and consideration. Upon resigning he accepted a pension instead of com- pensation, and this he has drawn for about four and a half years. It is a singular coincidence that Sergeant Acton and Sergeant Douglas, who were police in Castlemaine, left for Melbourne and died there, and that he too should have gone to Melbourne and there ended his days. He was not what may be termed, a man advanced, in years, being only about 60 years of age. The Minister of Public Instruction having re- turned from his visit to Tasmania has (says, the 'Age') had his attention drawn to the develop- ments that have taken place during his absence in ihe case of Mrs. Grose, the teacher who, it is alleged, was retained in the service as the result of political pressure. Mr. Baker emphatically denies there is any truth in the allegation. He explains that when he was scanning the list of the married female teachers whom he desired to retire from the servioe, Mrs. Grose was marked to be retained, but he was afterwards informed from an unofficial source that Mr. and Mrs. Grose were in affluent circumstances, and he then in- cluded Mrs. Grose in the list of those to retire. She subsequently proved that neither her own nor her husband's financial position was good, and submitted documentary evidence that her husband's eyesight was so bad that he might at any moment have to cease working. It was upon this evidence, supported by several leading citizens of Castlemaine, that Mrs. Grose was reinstated in the service. The acting Secretary, for Public Instruction yesterday, placed in the hands of the Minister, the following letter :— "Castlemaine, 27th April, 1894. — Charles Tynan. — Sir, — We beg to stats that we gave our machine shop foreman, Mr. Pearce, instructions to exempt Richard Grose from work on the night shift when we rearranged the hours' of work in October last, as Grose then explained, that his remaining eye was not sufficiently strong to work by artificial light. (Signed) Thompson and Co." In view of the conflicting statements that have been made in the matter it is the intention of the Minister to make further in- quiries. Mining excitement has been revived at Cas- terton, owing to Mr. d'Amaral, a well-known townsman, having at Roseneath secured several nice specimens of gold from washings from Nolan's Creek. In the course of two or three hours he washed about 2dwts. Messrs. Reilly Bros!.obtained a 2 oz nugget in the same locality last week. The"unemployed" question was discussed at the meeting of the Presbyterian Assembly at Melbourne. Generally, those present expressed the opinion that the distress this year will not be so great and universal as was the case last year, but that a class of unfortunate persons is now being touched who managed to escape before, viz., those who gradually come to want after parting with everything by which tem- perary relief could be obtained. The Mining Department contemplate establish- ing a village settlement between the Crusoe Reservoir and Elysian Flat, but the mining board strongly objects to this ground being with- drawn from the auriferous area and to the aliena- tion of land in the parishes of Clonbinane and Broadford. The board has decided to co- operate with Ararat in endeavouring to reinstate the prospecting vote, and to again urge that a diamond drill be sent to test the Neilborough deep lead. H.M.S. Crescent is not, after all, coming out to relieve the Orlando as flagship on the Aus- tralian station. This information is contained in a letter received by Rear-Admiral Bowden- Smith from the Lords of the Admiralty, who state that the Crescent is merely bringing out the crews to relieve those which have been three years on the Orlando and the vessels of the Auxiliary Squadron. She will take back the crews thus relieved. In a communication to the Victorian acting Minister of Defence, Mr. Cooke, the Rear-Admiral expresses regret that the Crescent is not to relieve the Orlando, as she is a fine vessel with excellent steaming powers. Some sensation has been caused at the Point Pearce aboriginal mission station by a romance in coloured life (says the ' Herald's' Adelaide correspondent). A short time ago a big West Indian negro, named Tom Lindsay, who stands 7ft high, came and took up his quarters among the natives. He was of a good-natured tempera- ment, and soon became an established favourite. Charley Power, a native, came home one evening, and found big Lindsay had made off with his wife and four children. Power says that his wife may go, but he is in great trouble about the loss of the children. The police have the matter in hand. Joys to come for the newly- consecrated Bishop of Grafton and Armidale ! The 'Argus' says, in speaking of the consecration : — "The whole sum available for the bishop appears to be L550 a year, which is paid out of a small endowment. No residence is provided for him, nor is there any fund to meet his travelling expenses. Within the past few days a communication has been sent from the traffic branch to the various stationmasters in the country, in which the sus- picion is conveyed that some of the teamsters are following their evocation without having the necessary licenses, and the stationmasters are requested to report promptly any cases of fraud in this direction which may come under their notice. A device on the part of some carriers is siaid to be affixing to their vehicles the name of some well-known carrying firm, with whom, however, they have not the slightest connection. At the meeting of the Presbyterian Commis- sion on Tuesday, the Rev. James Gibson was arguing a question as to the examination of students in theology, and having told a story as to how Dr. Norman M'Leod, after submitting as examiner a question as to "Hitchcock's Theology, " confessed in company with the student that he had not read it himself, he was proceeding to another "little illustration " when the Rev P. J. Murdoch rose with marks of suffering in his face and begged to be spared. "If," he said, "Mr. Gibson spent precious time telling yarns and reviving old chestnuts the business would never be done." A murmur of approval ran through the assembly. Mr. Gibson bowed apparently before the storm, but, never- theless, he managed to squeeze in another story of how an examiner put to a student the single question, "How will you take it — hot or cold ?'' Members had probably taken it both ways many times, for not the ghost of a smile rewarded the humouris. If anything is more remarkable in the proceedings of the Presbyterian Assembly than the hard hits delivered it is the good humour with which they are taken. It is said that next autumn New York will be the second city of the world in population, London only exceeding in with 4,231,431. Paris, now second, with 2,447,957, will be third. Canton, Berlin, Chioigo, Tokio, Vienna, and Philadelphia are the only other cities re- quiring seven figures to express their population. They follow in the order named. The first batch of married female teachers received their 'conge' on Tuesday, an order being passed by the Executive Council dispens- ing with the services of 67 of the teachers in question. A similar step will be taken at the next Executive Council meeting in regard to the remaining teachers on the retired list. The Minister of Public Instruction says he is re- solved to issue at an early date 12 months' notice to every married female teacher in the service, and that no matter what position her hunband occupies she will have to retire at the end of that period. Mr. Baker states that he intends giving this timely notice in order that the husbands shall have ample opportunity to make arrangements for the support of their wives and families. At the instance of Mr. Tucker, M.L.A., the chairman of the Factories Board, the Premier has given instructions that when tenders are called in future, for flannels, serges, cloths, and tweeds, separate tenders are to be invited for white striped flannel, white serges, heavy Welsh flannel, and white blankets, so that woollen mills which confine their operations to the manufacture of those goods might tender for them, and that separate tenders should be in- vited for tweeds and cloths.'' The case of a man suing his wife for wages, and a contra summons for assault, caused con- siderable interest at Malmsbury on Tuesday. The balance of the evidence being on the side of the wife, the debt case was dismissed. There upon Mrs. Lucardie withdrew her charge of assault against her husband, Anthony Lucardie, the complainant in the former case. A strange and fatal accident happened on Tuesday to a son of Mr. George May at Mill- thorpe. The boy was leading a horse by a piece of rope, which was fastened to his wrist, when the horse bolted and dragged the boy several hundred yards, finally jamming him in the fork of a tree. When the boy was found it was discovered that a stake had pierced his skull, and he dled after lingering for 12 hours. Mr. Harry Armytage, M.L.A., having signified his intention of not again seeking to represent the electorate of Grant, the mayor of Ballarat City, Councillor T. H. Thompson, has acceded to the request of a large number of electors to become a candidate. Councillor Thompson will receive a strong mining and agricultural support. The secretary for Defence has requested the Public Works authorities to place on their estimates for the ensuing year L6500 for military purposes. The only other money asked for by them in connection with works is a re-vote of L700 for the construction of defences at Thurs- day Island. The cost of these when handed oyer is, to be L23,053, and by agreement the various Australian colonies conjointly contribute this amount. Although accounts for the greater portion of this colony's share have been received from Queensland, yet, until the final accounts are forwarded, it is only intended to remit from the vote for the current year a sum L700 short of the amouut appropriated. The movement in conneetion with the export of frozen meat from Geelorig and the Western District was fairly started on Saturday, when the fine ship Timaru hauled away from the pier with over 15,000 carcases of frozen mutton in her chambers, together, with 13 carcases of frozen pork. The registrar has received for probate the will of the late Rev. P. B. Walsh, administrator of St. Francis Roman Catholic Church, Melbourne. His estate consists entirely of personalty, and is valued at L5256. It is left to relatives and re- ligious objects. The Eastern Star Freehold Company, at Bal- larat, were defendants in a case at the County Court, being sued by Robert Fern who claimed damages for alleged negligence, whereby plaintiff's son lost his life. It was submitted for the defence that at the time of the commence- ment of the action plaintiff did not appear upon the letters of admistration as the administrator of the estate. The complainant was nonsuited. A handsome bequest has been made to the Trinity College Hostel for lady students by the late Mr. W. E. Stanbridge, of Wambat, near Daylesford. The deceased bequeathed to his executors the sum of L1000 for the purpose of foundings scholarship in connection with the hostel, to be called the Florence Collee Stan- bridge Scholarship. The executors, Messrs. H. Henty and Thomas Colles, have full power under the will to define the terms upon which the scholarship is to be competed for and the class of persons to be allowed to compete. The deceased also bequeathed to the college the sum of L5000 upon the happening of certain contin- gencies provided for by the Will, and subject to certain provisions for abatement or increase. The Secretary of Mines has issued his annual report for the year 1893. It is an interesting one, and contains a number of diagrams of new mining machinery, besides reports on boring for gold and coal, and on experiments made in saving gold now lost through defective machinery. The yield of gold last year was 671,126oz, being 16,670oz in excess of the yield of 1892, and the largest of any year since 1885. Mr. Howitt be- lieves, from the progressive work being done in all parts of the colony, the yield will not only be maintained, but will show an increase this year. He urges that steps should be taken to develop the deep alluvial leads in the central portion of the colony, as they would not only add greatly to the annual yield of gold, but would give em- ployment to thousands of people. Attention is drawn to the necessity of saving fine gold and the treatment of sulphides, and also of the classi- fication and sizing of mine material previous to treatment. Last year 904,367 tons of quartz were crushed ; and if the methods of saving find gold were improved so as to save even 1dwt per ton of the amount now lost the annual addition to our gold yield would be 45,218 oz, valued at L180,875. Reference is made to the important development during the last twelve months in the coal seams at Korumburra. The boring operations show that there are 20,000,000 tons of workable coal there. The output in 1893 was 91,726 tons, as against 23,353 in the preceding year. At the present time the colony, was practically inde- pendent of outside supplies of coal, and before long we ought to be able to spare some for ex- port." 