TI11; STORY OF A DOUBPIE MIS'TAKE. SRIIUNI)tiIE)aild ,ixty-four years ago ... J of the most Ilopt,.lar and flouriohing thoitelrics in the ancient city of York was :lhe t'ackloroe, il Mlicklegate. The hoastess uras a buxom, middle- aged widow, Mrs. Hfannah Willianms, as shrewd a wonuin of business as there was to be found anywhere, veln in a county failmed for the I?lhrewiOIess of its men and waonIoC. Mrs. W\illiams know how to make laer guestcs coimflioinblle, nidl l ii t,,e iont e iimogie, ..' : t .1.. 1,..:!. sdly of omuch the an tye tps its thle one ws hon Frans Hhlals hla inmolt talised in that 'ninos portrait, which is o no of thle genis of our National(htalery. For ianny years Mrsh. Il nnolh Willinamns hadl Inuaged the lack. horse, nad was generally reputed to have unlrecldl a largoe num of money. Impressed by thie iunimours of her wealthI, suitors of all al'rta and degrees hadt soughti hcr thuiI but ilhe hall alllnarcnttly had quite elnough of nmitrioiony dalrng the lifo. time of 'the late laincllted hMr. Williams ; t anlly into site had no desire wlhatocor to rci atil the experiiCni:t. li the year 1727 thle teInd waliter of tile tavern was one Th'colns Geddelcy who hai d been for isome tir.e in the employnment of Mrs. Willianls and enjoyed her conflidence to a coiisideriable extent. fle was a plausible fellow, who hld i Ilhappy way of ingrtiating llhimself into the lavour of the guests, and altogether lie nappeared to have about an culne and lucra tive a berth as any waiter could wish to lnvo. One nlolnilng in the month of Marlch, 1727, M?re. Williams found her cabinet desk, or escritoire, as they called it in those days, broken open, papers strewn about the floor alnd every drawer evidcitly riled. A single glance at the wrecked piece of furniture was enoughil to colfilrm bor Icrstr feas. A unti of Ileaoly £400, in notes anld gold, which lhad been locked up there, lhad drcsappelued. All tile ermvants of the cstablishlmleat were at once suoninommed to. tlheir llistres's " 'eserice, and sternlly questioneid ia to whllether tlicy had sccli any suspicious cliaricter about, tor she lnid she could not believe thant nay s.ervant of here could have robbed her. They non .n ail oall gnve a solemn denial of aniy knowledge of tihe robbery, lnor lad any of them seen anly one of a suspicios charancter about the premisoes. But when the servLoants aihd been questionedl, and t atd ascrtedl their iltnnocence, it was noticed thiat Thilolas colddelcy wias not present. As hlo hostess dlieneled l the servants she said, " Soid Theolmlls to ine ; say I wantt to speak to him poarticularly. Slhe relied oni Geddeley's snogacity to help her to lind sonic clue to the tllief, aind walilted, therefore, to consult with im t at once. But Iprcseoitly nlne of the maids returned iand said that Geddoley could nlot be founid anywher ; he was anot in his pattry, nior ai his bedroom, nor in tile coffee-room ; in fact, though they aiind searched the house highl anid low, they couli discover no trace of hlim. Thils was stralnge. HIowever, it wnas just possible tllhat Thlolnaus mtiglt ha've gonle out into the city oil sliioe busiliess of his own. Phut whetn an hour, two hliours, tlhree lhour chlaledl, hirs. Williamns begant to have unplleasant nllspicitons tlihat the waiter's diipplletlnce miightilllte some concectiotl with the tobbery. Oil furtheor ilnitlry, one of the chlniibermuids stated that, she liad seen Gedllclcy ian Mrs. W'illiaats's iprivnate rooml earlyi that morilng wsitla a ptoker in his hlianlld, but as she had b 'several times seen himi there before shlo took no noticeo of the cir eunistance. This andeo the fact of the wrliter's dislappearance imore suspticious tlhan ever, and when the wholo day anil light poosscd withount tany tidings of iii, lthe iostess had no alternative olut to reconcile herself to tilhe collvicion thatll the servant. whoim shel hd so implicitly trustel lhad been so basely ungratefil as to deliberatoely rob, in his heartless anud slIaIoe less wily, the mistlress to whllose kindnesis lie owed so Imclh. -In those ldalys, whenl thlere were no railwnys, to telegraphl, alnd bult a very implerfect police systemn, it was e?sy -elolughl foma" thiefto ebajgid iith tiil booty if he oly got a few hours' clear start. Thomas dni edely vaiished and left no trace behlintl himi, ilor coulld thie miost iearchling inquiries discover any clue to his whereaboutls. So hMrs. Willians was lper force cololuplled, as sile lhcrself rcltirketl, " to grin and bear it." .About cighteen iilontilhs topassed, land the robbery. at the P'aclkhoire was almost for gottenl bly all but the honatess, whllel, Ils the Boots of the tlcerit as paslill n downl Skeolerogate, lie saw, lahpinll to load a cart, a muat whose faice sem?iied familiar to hiim. lie stltolqed, looked haird at the man, thent stepped up to hiln, tlapped hi oin the shoulloh!e, and saidl, "l ullolt! Gellllelcy." T'e person io addtlcsed tiurned shiarply roillund, and wsith a isltrle of astooliishntCllt sait- " sly iunitle isn'lt eddtleloy, atnd I never set eyes oil you before." " What! you're tot Thomisiiis (lGedelecy, as was witlilr at the l'ackihorse!" exclaimned Boots. "oo; I ;neer tlearnd of tlle lnioia you spacnk of. anld I noever wasr in the Packhorse in iuty ifo. lThenil who Ithe devil are you?" asklcd Bouts in betwilderienot. " My innloe's Jllaies Crowa," replied the other, "and I have onily becn ii York a fortnight. Yolu've nmistook me for so010-. bodi? else." " w\ll, if you're not hinl you're his twin brolther," said .Boots, incredulously, and then walked awny. On his return to the liecktorse he told Mirs,. W\illiamtts thalut lie hadl tccil (edltlcey working ais it porter, and that thtalgh tile mani detnied thiathloe was Geddeloy, aitdl said hlis toinme Vwas Crow, he (Boots) lcl swear it iwas the Ilate waiter at the l'lichllorse. Mrs. W\illiamswnlsofopiniontlat Bont illmuils e o istalken, as she was sure that Geddeley would never darn to come Iua.; to VYork, where so many peopllo knew bim. Bult ih. :: h : two tradecmen of the city mollie into theu l'ackhorse, and both asserted tllat they hnd seen (leddolcy, and thati Mrs. \Villiams had better have him arrested at onlce, before he had time to esclape. Mlrs. WVilliams, however, still refused to believe tlllhat tile imal couol possibly be ticddeley. But. she laid that if thLose gentle iten and Boots liked to swear ala inforitation before the ttliierlstate aund llhave a warralnt issued for the ntolan's arrest, clse would coIme anid identify him, and if le really turned noutl- to be the laite waiter she woldt pro. oeenltc hia with the utmost rigour of the Il dne course tlhe man whto callctd himself Janesc Crow was arreocaterloid olMrs.Willilnms was ocelit for to idllctify lill. lice wits plslacedt mimOstog II ecure of other mlit:ibuot toc milomlcnt lMrse. Wililtons iuoi hter eye dowi In liae ll tie plikerd It!of out at Once, onid seiig him by tlhe eolllr exclaielio], " Oh ! you bnasc, ultgrlntcflll ioscool I're calioglit you nat lsnt, Ihave I ? 01 ? yuo \illaih, yon thief, yoo slnll silltg for this or illy noiaoc's nitot Hlllnlo h \illons.' A1l thse wlilte stHe was uttlering tiese exeibilnltilOls tlle exciletd Instcne of the Pockbtoi.-c, whlo Wilc a big and lo \lflil Womlonlli o , wtolls 8hkiihtg ttle miain 0Is a Ltelicr nOligllt nlhikeo ii rlt. " Will ccii sweoor to timc, Mos, Wjitboumns?'" oaskel tite 'miiongi?tte. " S?clet tol hin, I Eshold tinik I conuld. I'nl ntot likely to foigect is hntipg-do~ face, tile ioancally thief." \hien the uniifortnnie mano wnns able to free hintself from thio gr?ri of the enraiged hostess of tho Patckliorao, he cried out in a loud voic', " I tili you, ilintress, yoi're Ieistakon, I neverc aw you beforo iu nmy lifo. I nmvcr was iii York till a fortnigltht n?go. lMy ijnae is Jamecs Crow, alnt I inevcr kIlewr anybody in mo lifo of thle nluine of (icdltloley" 'ut Mrs. Williams was nowo positivOe tIat she saw her old waiter before her, nod in order to clinch the matter she sent for oionm of her scrvanto from the iln, ,il Qif whom swore emphatically that tile iman was Ihoman Gcddeley, anod that there cold inol, possibly be any mistake about his identity. Ia voain the nolisault Jameil Crow nsseItedl his ignorallc of Tlhoinns Gleddeloy andil _vrthlmtiag p'rthaiting to Lma, goiaaoh bnuobU overwhelming proof of his identity with the thief his protestationswere disregarded, and he was forthwith committed to York Castle for trial at the the next assizes. When the case came.on the court was crowded, for the extraordinary recklessness .of Geddeley inl appearing in York afterCOmn. mitting so deliberate ann gross a crime, and his brazon impudence in trying to pIas him self off as another man, had inverteld his trial with unusual interest. Thle prisoner, who looked dazed and" bewildercd when lie came into the dock, pleaded " Not Guilty," but the evidence again't himn was such as to leave not the slightest doubt of his guilt. Mirs. Williuas, the servants of tihe Packhorse, and it dlzrl:ll other inndpendent witnesses, all swore iositively that the prisoner was Thonut. Geddeley, late waiter at the l'ackhorse. The chlimbermnaid, who lintd sen him in Mrs. Williims's private room with tihe poker ill his hland o the mornilng of the robbery, testified to that fact, and also in thie confused and frightened apLpea lance of the culprit-tlhough this maiy havre been n aftertlhoiingt lon her part, seeing that at litst shile ad t sertod tlat she saw niothing ill (Gedieley's presence inl the room to rousei her suspllicions. It was further elicited that, the story which the prisoner had given of his antecedents after his arrest was not a; satisfactory one. By his own showing hi had been living the life of a rogue iand a vagabond. He could refer to no employer for a character. He was very reticent about his movements during the previous eighteen months, and inl fact left oi the court the impression that having spent the proceeds of the robbery in dissipation, he had been living a shiftless, hsnd-to-mouth existence ever since. The prisoner was undefended, and on being asked what he had to say in his defence, made a rambling. somewhat inlcolherent statemlent, wiumilnding up by solemnly eaUlimg God to witness that he was iot the nman hie was asserted to be, that he was James Crow-that lie halld neve known ilany such person as Thomas Geddtley -that hie haid never been in York till he came there a fortnight before his arrest; Ind that hie had nover In his life set fiot insile the Packlhorse. When he lhad finished, the Judge said : " But suroly if your sltae. ilentt is true, you could have fouilld witnesses to prove that you were not in York at the tilno of the robbery. WheQre do you s?ay you were in thile month of March, 1727 ?" The prisoner hesitated. "I was-in-in Norwich, I think," he said. "No--in Nottingham-I -1 can't relnolnber now where I was." This admission was fatal; but the Judge, willing to do his utmnost for the ,:-,oacr, said, " Can you writo? " " Yes," was the repily. " Then," continuedtl his lordshll,, orely you could have written to sonie persons who know that you were not in York wllen the robbery was committed, and they would have colme here to give evidence in your favour." " I didl't know any one to write to," said the lprisoner sullenly. This was a still nmorel fatal admission, and after that, the judlgo gave til the attempt to help tile prisoner as a ball job. The summingllup was short, aindl the jury without leaving the box found that "'Thomans (ledldeley, the prisoner at the ibar, was guilty of the robbery with which he was chalrged." W\hen asked what lie haod to say why sentelnce of death Ishould not be pl:sied upoii lilm, the plrisoner simpllly said, i'mi not guilty, my lord, I'm anll innocent alan." Then the judgeo put oil the black cunp, and amnidl solemnl silence Thomils Ged!ldeley was condecmned to die. After hea'ring the sell. tecu the rlso:ler remntilled luitching the bar of thie dock, leaning forward withl his eyes lixell ili it dazed stare upoii the judlge. It relquired the unlited strenigtlh of three :wardCers to wrenchi away his desperate grasp uplon the bar. T'lien as lie turniied his asheon face to the jury he cried in a voice which no ino who heard it ever forgot. " You've killed an innocent main." \- Four dlays later, Thomas Geddelely was hnaged,but from the momenlt he wits removed froi the dsock till the drop fell lie ever uttered another word to any human being. He died mute. Nearly two years after the exeeutioa of Tlhomas Geddely, Mr. Gibson, a solicitor trom York, lllhappened to be in Dublin on Ilsinessue. I-Ie was ill the COurts onen slly whllen the Assizes were on, antld ii inlIU was ilaced in the dock to stand hlis triail for robbery. Thoeo Yorkshire solicitor glainieed at the Iprisoner, iantld then gave i great start. of surltprise, for before hlil lie saw Thomas ceddeley, tile man who had been hiange nearly two years before iat York,or his ghost. flc rubbedl his eyes, anul stared harder than 'ver at the prisoner. H-ic ws inidicted uniider the lne of Johnsoin, aind the evidence of his elhino was so Conelsive againllst him tlhat the jury, without hesitationi, found hill guilty, and lie was senltencled to deatli. The extraordilnary reseimblanceof this man to the Thoinmas (eddelely who had been executed at York so impressed Mr. Gibson tllat after the trial lie applied for permission to visit the ondendlll u criminall. The request las grautell, and the solicitor was the next day admittel to the convict's cell. " I want you," said MIr. Gibson, " to clear up a mystery before you die. Did you over know a iiman named Geddeley ?" The answer was a startling one. "Yes, AMr. Gibson, I know you well. I ansm Thomas Geddeley I" " And you robbed Mrs. Williams, of the Pack horse ?" "I did, sir." " Then, my God, you've been the means of sending an innocent man to his death I" " How so?" asked the convict, eagerly. " Why, didl you never hear tlllhat a ln supposed to be Thomas Geddeley, was hanged at York two years ago for that robbery?" "As God is my judge, I never heardl of it. I cnmo straight over here directly after I robbed Mrs. Willlams, changed my name, and here I've been ever since. Ties mr. Gibson told the story oflames Crow, and Geddeley, though his own death was but a few hours distant, was so alfected that lie burst into tears. When Mr. Gibson returned to York hie lost no time in nmaking public this extra ordinary story,at the same time bearing writ ness to the marvellous likeness betweeii the twso ince,s which, lie said, was so close.as to lrc- dleceived anyone.-Abridged from tile Liceaosed Vielliter' Gnazettlle. IN bIEMORIALM. fA.sT ever loved a friend, and marked tile gap His loss lhas left? Thou nhast lost wealtlh, mayhlap, Or love, as now 'tis known ? Both may return, But iiot a friend like lthat whichl, now I A frieid wlhose life did witl may life entwine Almost from boyhlood-his a Ipart of mine. Suinh f'ieinds once lost can never be reolaced ; Otleis, indleed, may by the name be graced, But, bought by gold, their falseneas all dlisrccrn, Unstable, wvcuk, shaken at every turn. All, bitter wileu the failse usurps the true I! Yet my poor friend, his worth I never knew; His sterling virtues never didsuspect,. And lost him as the price of my neglect. Had I more closely watched his foe, per. chance All had been othlerwise-the flashing glance The gleam and glitter of tie brightcoeld steel, The shriek of agony, the wild appeal, And, as my fliend fell crimnsoncd with hirs go'e. Th giroain tlhat told too truly all was o'er I (Gone I gone I For ever gone-so firm, so true I Theyiv miock the old who bid me try thie nlew. Never shalul I--whato'er the pain and cost- enecw my last Eye-tooth-for ever lost I "iPb! Pat I you should never hitB a man wheui he is downi" ""Begobs, what did I worruk so hard to get himn down for?" The Iheory of give andi take is greatone, but never be mo situated that you hav'e to give vauqse gor tok?inl whiht lu boyour owe, 