ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. THE NEW INCUMBENT. \------ INTRODUCTORY SERVICE. ADDRESS BY ARCHDEACON LANGLEY. The Rev. E. D. Fethers, formerly of St. Colomb's, Hawtharn, who has been appointed to the incumbency of ot. Paul's, Warragul, in succession to the Rev. A. Allnutt, was formally in troduced to the congregation at an introductory service conducted on Tuesday evening by the Ven. Arch deacon Langley, who was assisted in the preliminary portions by the new incumbent and the Rev. Carrington of Neerim. In delivering his address The Ven. Archdeacon .based his remarks on the text-" Obey them that have the rule over you, and submit yourselves, for they watch for your souls as they that must give account, that they may do it with joy and not with grief, for that is unprofitable for you"-(Hebrews 13 chap., 17 v.). The occasion on which they were met, he said, was one of great interest and importance to that congregation. The position of a Minister of Christ was a very serious and responsible one wherever his lot was cast. He comes amongst a people as an ambassador of God and sets before himself certain great objects for which he has to live and work. He is a man who gives up his whole life, as they would observe on reading the Ordination Service, to one great work the building up of the Kingdom of God in the souls of individual men, bringing men and women to such a knowledge of Christ and such a com plete acceptance of His will that, as the Ordination Service says, "there shall be no place found in his parish for false doctrine or viciousness of life." This was the work which their newly - appointed minister had to perform, and it was a very pleasing duty to formally introduce him to the congregation. Mr. E ethors had been known to him from early life. He had the pleasure of instructing him for confirmation, and the privelege of watching his career from the time he first became a student for the ministry. He had further observed him since he took to himself the sacred office of the Ministry of the Word, and though that was not the place to say much about Mr. Fethers as a man, he would just say that he believed the servant of God who had come amongst them was a faithful and true follower of his Master, and one who would aim at the highest things in the ministry to which he was called. The words he had read as his text showed them what was the great purpose of the life of a Minister of the Word-" they watch for your souls as they that must give account." Very few people had any knowledge of the responsibilities resting on the heart and mind of a Minister of Christ. But just as any other man watches the fruits of his labors, just as the farmer goes round and looks at his crops, and just as the business man looks at his accounts and sees to the carrying on of his business-but of course in a much higher sense-the Minister of Christ was always watching to see whether the purpose for which he lived was being carried out, whether men and women were growing in spiritual stature and precious souls were being saved. By-and-bye they would have to stand before the judgment seat of Christ to give an account of the deeds done in the body. Then the Minister would have to give an account of his Ministry, and would be asked about his flock, " thy beautiful flock " as it was expressed in Ezekiel. These were the thoughts which came before the mind of the Minister of Christ as he contemplated his work, and it was this which weighted him with such a tremendous responsibility. How much need there was, then, for them to pray for their minister and uphold him. People sometimes go to church and come away without getting much good. Why? Because they didn't expect to get any. They didn't go to get any. They didn't go in the right spirit-they never went seeking a blessing. What they were required to do in going to the House of God was to " obey them that have the rule over you and submit yourselves for they watch for your souls as they that must give an account." What did this obedience and submission mean ? Did it mean that a minister was to be asort oflordover God's heritage and that everyone was to bow down to what he says, that they were to give up their own opinions and accept what the minister says simply because it was he who said it ? Nothing could be further from the truth than this. God didn't mean men to be slaves of their fellow men, and the Minister acted very foolishly and was liable to get himself into trouble and difficulty who attempted to lord over those placed in his charge, and to adopt a spirit of dictation instead of striving to build up a manly independence of mind. They must not tell men they were to do this, that and the other, for they were not dictators. They were teachers-men who were called on to point their fellows to the road they should travel, and so far as what they said was in accordance with the Divine word and will, so far as it was commended to their conscience by God, and so far as it was in accordance with the truth which God had set before them, so far were they to "'obey" and "submit" themselves to those that have the rule over them. Christ's ministers were never meant to be little popes, as tmhe saying went, in their own particular sphere. What was needed was that men and women should be practical in their religion, that they should carry what they Iheard on thIe Sunday into practice through out the week, and thus show by their lives that they were striving to be followers of the Lord Jesus Christ. 'What the word wants to-day was a practical religion-the real Christian life "hid with Christ in God." Let them " prove all things " and "' hold fast to that which is true," let them have faith in the Lord Jesus Christ and let them pray for their minister, and also that the Holy Ghost might come in His musight and power upon that congregation and lead them into paths of righteousness and peace. The service shortly afterwards ended by the reading of the closing prayers, and the pronouncloement of the Benediction by the Ven. Arch deacon. 