PROFESSOR SLUDGE. (NOTTINGHAM DAILY EXPRESS.) It is somewhat odd that the spread of scientific knowledge has been accompanied by a peculiar revival in the cult of occult phenomena and spiritualism. The fatter word is generally used with a good deal of vagueness, and covers a multitude of mysterious and semi-solemn quackeries, but to its original signification, as defin ing a belief in the direct communication with departed spirits-through persons called mediums, it can still count many adherents. “Mr. Sludge, tho medium,” Js as'much alive to-day as ho was when Browning composed tho wonderful poem in his dishonor. His rosurr-ction is greatly due to (he morbid literary activity of Mr. Stead. This clever journa list has made himself a splendid centre of gravity for the attraction of contemporary Sludges. Whatsoever quack sacks a serious “ investigation ” for his wizaidry is sure of a bearing at (he .offices of tho ex-editor of the “Pull Mall Gnz«tt’.” Whether he brings anew cure for canc r, a startling telephalio revelation, or an old fashioned ghost story, it is all the same, Mr. Stead will meet him more than half way. Faith is a strange human force. It permits us to believe anything we want to. It even adds a now' power to the recollection, and bestows onus the power to remember the past so as to suit the exigencies of the -present. One form of faith is “as easy as lying.” Giving a little, hysteria to start with, the man or woman who begins to dabble in esoteric Bud dhism, or any branch of modern magic, is capable of believing anything, and of preaching it afterwards as a new r.-ligion to otho;s, who eas.ly imagine “there must ba something in it, after all.” Be sides, who shall fix the line where fraud ends, and self delusion begins? Ever since the beginning of the world it has bafflul philosophers. Give tho .muno of “psychic forces” to some of the ancient delusions of weak-brained people with a. vivid imagination, and we have a splendid atmosphere for “borderland” experi ments. Dreams are strange things. Most of us are visited by some remarkable ones; all of ns ate not capable of tolling the truth about them. Let us suppose that some modern Mr, Sludge had an ordinary nightmare. Ho might well dream that the Mahatmas in his bedroom drove him downstairs to the hall, ‘where (lie ghosts of departed ancestors chased him back again, Mr, Sludge would, we may sup pose, convert his experience into a solemn waking vision, A careful selec tion of facts, is merely necessary to. ensure success; He has only to adjust them to suit the exigencies- of his s'ory in order to find i-lenly of silly people ready to believe that our 'medium ‘ has glanced through “the veil” and made a cheap excursion into “ borderland.” - Besides, is there not, after all, a sort luxury in being decoivtd? Tho other side of nature has strong attractions os a change of scene. the eminent actor but the oloquent:~pireiicher who \va$ engaged to JTane Welsh before she married Darlyle—arrd rot tho only men wHo- haye.;“ "Apply the necessary amount of - unwholesome stimuli to hundreds of brains with a morbid.hiftS.nnd a whole neurotic. ,crowd Will hold daily, converse with the lust, batch of gho-.ts Char.-n had ferried oc os? the Styx. About half the stimulus nmy perhaps sulfice to produce automatic writing. But we a;e getting beyond all this now, and our spiritualists are begin ning to handle ‘‘ occult forces ” will) as much doxteriiy ns chcmi.-ts treat gases, Quackery to-day has call- d to its as sistance a spurious science. Our Sludges are very and human weakness as plentiful as ever. 3?he man who nowadays makes up his mind to be de ceived finds no obstacle to complete suc cess! Ho has always the “evidence of his senses ” to help him, and certainly couldjiot find a more efficient ally. The ! pupil in modern magic always helps ills professor. Tho former simply desires to satisfy hjs curiosity for a higher and deeper knowledge pf this world,” and the later indulges him. A travelling conjurer at a fair can do it with a little practice. Wherever the pupils are gathered together, you will fipd Professor Sludge in theip midst. Still, these jourrjeys into ,f borderland ” .are dangerous. Most of us inherit the ghost of “a hoe in our bonnets,” and it is nob all of us who know wo are fools when some trickster succeeds in getting tho inseob to buzz. It is more pleasing to human vanity to' think wo are the Illuminati, and the rest of the world materialistic scoflers. Butin nil mediums arc tho seeds of mischief, and the wise avoid them as-they do the gentleman who do the three card trick. 