ORIGINAL NOVEL, ———:o:——— (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) ———————— CURLEW, ———OR———— In Days Gone By. — o — BY HAROLD BREES. Author of ' COLONIAL SOCIETY,' ' RU- RAL NOTES,' &C.; CHAPTER V. (Continued.) Another horseman was rapidly coming to- wards them; the men did not recognize him in the fading light ; but before Douglass was aware, he was fired at, the shot missing its mark. Warren saw the flash and heard the report, and was by the side of his chief directly afterwards, as Douglass felled the man with a return shot. 'Bail up, and hands down!' Warren cried, ' Or we'll shoot you like possums !' The diggers did not wait to hear the end of the sentence, but fired at the bushrangers, whom they missed. Then the bushrangers fired, mortally wounding each of the diggers, who fell without a word The former dismounted and proceeded to search the fallen diggers, when one of them suddenly raised himself and fired at Douglass, who was the nearest to him. This was his last effort to protect his hardly earned gold dust, as Warren fired immediately, with, fatal effect. The other two men appeared so quiet, that the bushrangers intuitively considered them harmless. Douglass shook them, and felt convinced each was dead. Warren commenced to examine their swags. This night almost equals the one on the White Hills,' Warren said, as he unrolled the blankets. ' I don't think they had got over the effects of Murphy's rum, or we should be on our backs.' 'My word, it's red hot,' Douglass said; 'they were real plucky.' The bushrangers found a little cash on each of their victims; but, in the swags, the covered bags were discovered, and carefully placed in their shirts, as the bushrangers did not wear coats. The bodies and swags were dragged further into the bush, and covered with branches, which concealed them entirely from an ordinary glance; and, having, obliterated the tracks on the ground, the bushrangers took the road back to the creek. 'By joye,Tom,' Douglass said, ' We have made a nice trail from the road ; thank our luck, it's over. What time is it ?' Just 10 min. to 9,' Warren replied, look- ing, at his watch, with the light of a match. ,'We shall have to return to-morrow ; early too, to rub out some of the traces.' 'Ah right, Tom,' Douglass said, in- terrupting ; don't talk about them ; it s the worst night's work we ever did.' 'So it is, Warren answered. 'I only wish we had a drink ; we can't fetch Murphy's place to-night, nor to- morrow either, for the matter of that.' ' My word !', Douglass said, ' you'd better believe, I don't forget necessities. I have a bottle of Murtell's on the saddle; I am more thoughtful than you are about our comforts.' ' Get it, for heaven's sake!' Warren said. ' Why, Tom,' Douglass said, 'you're more scared than old Macbeth. We shall never be troubled by those fellows.' 'If we are not very cunning,' Warren said, ' this night's, work may bring us to grief.' The cork was drawn, as all bush-men carry a corkscrew in a knife combination. Douglass passed the bottle to his mate, who took a long draught; wishing each other the same luck for the future. ' That s warmed me up, a bit,' Warren said. 'Bill, you know we never wanted to pot the fools, had they bailed up properly.' 'That's just where it comes in,' Douglass said, taking the bottle from his lips ? 'One can t understand the actions of others, but here's luck to their souls.' The horses were quickly put to a brisk canter, clearing boulders and logs, as though hurrying from the scene just witnessed. The riders with borrowed courage, mocked fear, and continually dodged the over- hanging branches that extended over the track. The horses were allowed to pick their road, the bushrangers knowing they would go the most direct route, better than men could guide them in the dark. Bush horses see almost equally well at night time, as in daylight. Still travelling at a fast rate where possible, over undulating country, the horses at last began to slacken speed, and the riders could perceive they were ascending a steep spur, riding on a wallaby line, as it is termed ; that is, single file. The animals were puffing, and scrambling upwards, knocking against stumps and stones, and causing stones to rattle down the slope, as they were dis- lodged. Reaching the saddle back of the spur, the riders dismounted to give their steeds time to regain their strength. ' It's a good excuse for us to have another nobbler Douglass said. ' Yes,' Warren replied. ' We have been travelling a deuce of a pace ; not many horses would have brought us through with- out a spill.' The bushrangers had a refreshing swig from the bottle that they carried, and then filled their pipes. ' To-morrow we must bury the bodies,' Warren said, 'and destroy the tracks more effectually.' 'I've been thinking,' Douglass said, ' which is the best way to prevent the troopers copping the plant ; perhaps burying it, but how to do it without our chaps at the cave knowing, puzzles me.' 'Then you don't intend to enlighten them,' Warren said, 'about our haul.' ' I did not intend them to know it,' Douglass remarked. ' You and I can share alike; besides, money is no good to them, they only drink it. And we are always risking being trapped by the infernal fools. I propose to plant the bags to-night, not far from here, as I think we are on the Blackridge, overlooking our patch of scrub, about eight miles from the cave— What do you think ?' ' I am blessed if I know exactly, ' Warren answered, 'where we are; I thought I saw the top of the mountain, standing out against the sky some time ago ; if so, we must be nearer the cave than you think, but, bother it, — it's extra dark to-night,' taking another big drop from the bottle — 'l guess, that's why those mopokes are so jolly lively down that black looking gully ; I vote for a camp here until daylight. 'I'll swear 'St. Peter' has'nt missed the road,' Douglass said. ' But, even if he was tight, your 'bally ' would soon put him straight. It s no use reaching home in the middle of the night for I guess it's 2 o'clock by the night air.' 'Close up; its half past one o'clock,' Warren said. ' Anyhow, we are not far from the cave ; our cattle have brought us a short cut, though, may be, by a rough road. I think I remember this ridge now ; we'll bring the horses under the lea of the top.' The bushrangers quickly camped down behind a boulder, with a fallen tree lying at right angles. Warren found a clean space with a little grass. Here he tethered the horses, and rejoined Douglass ; who, mean- while had built up a small fire ; for, even in the middle of summer, the air is raw and often very cold during, the small hours of the night. The fire sticks were laid blackfellow fashion, to avoid causing smoke, or too much light. When all was snuggly arranged, the bottle again kissed the lips of both in- dividuals; afterwards, it was carefully laid under the fallen tree, away from harm. The two men smoked and exchanged ideas of future action. 'Very well, Warren said. ' To-morrow we return to the Melbourne road.' 'We shall have to be extra fly,' Douglass said. 'Curlew has the scent of a dingo and might track us ; he's half suspicious of our actions; and is always growling.' 'No fear, ' Warren said. ' I'll bet we're a match for him — confound, those bears down there, one would think they were demons roaring. 'I hate the noise ; it seems to portend no good — push us the bottle, Bill.' 'Tom, you're not yourself to- day, what's scared you? nothing will happen, old man,' Douglass said. Warren continued talking, and informed, his friend about the meeting with Flora Murphy, and its results. ' I should advise you to abandon that idea ; women and our profession don't mix ; I say, cut it !' Or you'll get yarded as sure as I am telling you ; Murphy won't stand it, I know,' Douglass said. 'Between ourselves, Bill,' Warren said. 'I am about full of Murphy ; I'll put a hole through him yet ; he's too thick with Curlew.' 'I don't want to fall out with you,' Douglass said. 'But don t talk like that; and, take my tip, don't go after Flora Murphy again.' They now lay down with a blanket covering on each side of the fire. Before daylight both awoke, awaiting the advent of another day. With the first streak of light in the western sky, a gentle murmur re- sounded from all around ; the birds, insects, and all nature appeared to sing and feel delight in beholding the red sun rising through the mist, from the masses of purple foliage, edging the distant mountain slopes. The perfume of the gum trees, wattles and grass filled the air, while the hill and gullies appeared clothed with the softest waves of velvet in nature's forest forms. The horses were saddled and mounted, and passed between the black burnt stems, and stumps, the effects of a bush fire during the previous summer. 'I say Douglass ?' Warren remarked, as they rode together. 'I wonder we did'nt get our heads or legs broken last night coming through this close timber ; I suppose we'll be in camp in an hour, unless we turn up to the Bluff rocks to plant our swag.' 'I dare say the Bluff rocks will do as well as anywhere,' Douglass said. ' So push ahead.' The horses felt the tightness of the rein and the gentle touch of the spur, and went into a gallop down the fall of the ridge, through trees and saplings, and over bogs, regardless of sudden drops from blows of quartz. Dangers cannot be perceived when the high kangaroo grass grows up to the horses flanks, almost like cane on those mountain spurs. After crossing a few gullies and light ranges, they altered the pace to a walk, at a nasty bit of boulder country, and headed for a mile up a steep and almost impassable gully, at whose head stood a wall of rock fully two hundred feet high, showing; in- dications that in a heavy wet season huge volumes of water leaped from the top, and rushed down the gully carrying away loose earth and stones in its impetuosity to reach the level ground. The bushrangers proceeded a few hundred yards along the gully, when they dismounted, slinging the bridles, over a stump, and walked up the side of the water course, where they perceived a comparatively flat patch of ground on a lightly covered ridge. Douglass said, the place would suit them admirably, pointing to a large tree, with numerous boulder rocks lying about; one was found with basin or pocket, formed in it by nature, and fit for their purpose. When the bags of gold and the contents of their pockets were placed upon the ground, they opened the bags to satisfy themselves. Not a bad lift,? Warren said. 'But what a price we have paid for it !' 'I don't think so,' Douglass replied. ' Both of us were targets, and precious near drilled through by the fools before we played their own game. Why, if they had known how to use a bull dog, both of us would have been a supper to the dingoes or my name is not Bill Douglass.' 'My word !' Warren said. 'It's a good job we polished them off properly' ; guess they'd made it cursed hot for us. Even now, their ghosts in the hot weather may bring up the troopers; we must hurry along to- morrow, as they are sure to be found by some traveller, that may have a better scent than his mates.' 'We'll, manage it all right,' Douglass' said. 'When they are found, no one can ever bring it home to us— unless, he' s the very old one himself. I don' t believe the best blackfellow in the country could track us— even if they got trackers to hunt round.' ' Well, if ever blacks should be put on the scent, they will find the gold first, and we are sure then to loose the lot,' Warren said. 'Never mind,' Douglass replied. 'We are sure to have plenty of warning; so can re- move the plant when the time comes. Be quick and stow the lot; there are six and a half bags ; they each weigh about the same. My word ! I feel all the lighter and more comfortable since they are out of my shirt — they were both a precious and an awkward cargo.' (TO BE CONTINUED.) 