Pierre and Baptists. I once knew two industrious mechanics named Pierre and Baptiste. They dwelt in a ramshackle tenement at Sault aux Befoenil, where each had half-a-dozen children to sup port besides their wires : who, it is grievous to relate, were drones. They were only nominally acquainted with that godly art commonly associated with charwomen. Pierre and 'Baptiste were hard workers. They worked for into the night, and, occa sionally, the thin mists of dawn had begun to break on the narrow city pavements before their labors would cease." No one could truthfully say that theirs was not a hard- earned pillow. Sometimes the v did not toil in vain. It depended largely upon the police. It was early one November that this horny-handed pair planned the burglary of a certain safe located in a wholesale estab lishment in St. Mark street. On the par ticular evening that Pierre and Baptiste hit upon for the deed, the head bookkeeper had been having a wrangle with his accounts. "I can't make head or tail of this !" he de clared to his employer, the senior member of the firm, "yet I am convinced everything must be right. An error of several hundred dollars has been carried over from each daily footing, but where the error beginB or aids, Ftp blest if I can find out." The fact was that the monthly sales had been unusually . heavy, and a page ot tne balance had been mislaid. The head book keeper spent upwards of an hour in casting up both the entries of himself and his subordi nates after establishment had closed its doors for the day. Tfi-n he went home to supper, determined til return and locate the deficit, if he didn't get a wink of sleep until morning. Book-keepers, at must be borne in mind, have highly sensitive organisms, which are susceptible to the smallest atom reflecting upon their probity or ekilL At half -past S the bookkeeper returned and commenced anew his entioal calculations. He worked precisely three hours and a half : at the end of which period he suddenly clapp ed his hand to his forehead and exclaimed : — " Idiot ! Why haven't yon looked in the safe for a missing sheet? Ten chances to one they have been improperly numbered ! " He turned over thepsges of the balance onhis desk, and sure enough, the usual numerical mark or designation in the upper left-band corner which should follow eleven was miss ing. Page twelve, in all likelihood, had slipped into some remote corner of the safe. The safe was a large one, partially receding into the wall and containing all the papers, documents and several day receipts in cash and drafts of the firm. The head bookkeeper, in his efforts at un earthing the lost' page of the cash balance, was obliged to intrude his entire person into the safe. Fearful lest the candle he held ehonld attract attention from the street, show ing ont as it did against the black recesses of the safe, upon entering he drew the door slightly ajar. Ashe stepped in the tail of his coat caught on an angle of the huge riveted lock ; the massive gate swung to as if it weighed no more than a pound, and the book-keeper was a prisoner. He heard a resonant click — that was all. His oandle went ont. The book-keeper at the outset lost his presence of mind. He fought like a caged animal. He first exerted almost superhuman strength against the four rides of the iron tomb. Then his body collapsed and not for an instant losing consciousness, he found sitting iD a partially upright pOBture, unable to so much as stir a muscle. It was almost at tne same moment, chimougii uuun eeemtsu tu oave passea, mat the drnm of his ear, now abnormally sensi tive, was almost split into fragments. A frightful monotonous clangour rent the in terior of the safe. The bookkeeper used to observe afterwards that a single second's deviation of character istic thought and he would have gone mad. Stronger minds in a parallel situation wonld have indeed collapsed. Bat a weaker man can never confront the inevitable, bnt clings more stubbornly to hope. They are only weak individualities who, in the act 'of drowning, catch at strews. As the bookkeeper felt himself gradually growing weak for want of air to breathe, bis revivified hope led him to deliberately crash his fist into the woodwork with which the interior of the safe was fitted, in secre taire foshion, one drawer being built above another. This gave him a few additional cnbic feet of air. As may have been conjectured, the noise which smote tne book-keeper s ear was that of a drill. Although acutely discerned within, the sound was prectioilly smothered on the outride of the vault. At one end of the drill was a cavity, rapidly growing larger, in one end of tne steel panels. At its end was a heavy, warty fist, part of thu anatomy of Baptiste, the indue trous mechani-. Baptiste held the drill while his comrade, Pierre, pounded it in. Soon the two burglars became aware that uuun. DUIV VIS. BUU1UU VUUJIUVUVU WChB £5 UUig (/U within the safe. It nearly drove them into convulsions of astonishment. Baptiste was so startled that he dropped the drill. 44 It isa ghost," he said. Baptiste was for throwing np the job uncompromisingly on the spot, but this proposal met with obstacles. His fellow workman, who was of stiffer courage, re jected it with scorn, as savouring too much of the eupezstitious. Pierre had a large family to support, he argued. He spoke frankly. They could not afford to throw away the opportunities of Providence. To his triend and co-labourer, the burden of his remark was— 44 Lache ! Go hon ! You make rne tired wuz yer ghosts an things. Let's not have no beast foolin' — see ? De job is commence — AUOHB! " The upshot of this was that Pierre and Baptiste went back to work. At the third crack of the drill, Pierre crossed himself, and said — 44 Baptiste, dere's a man in dat safe ! '' Both men grew pale as death at the very suggestion. Baptiste, for instance, was so frifrhtfinpd Tip flnnirtn'rut+tr a. ertlloKln TTia tongue clove to the roof of his mouth. How ever, Pierre, as usual, was the.first to recover. He applied his ear, first to the lock and then to the drill-hole. "Hey, in dere!" he cried, yet not so lond as to be heard on the sidewalk. Tothisthere came a faint response — a very faint shout, in deed ; it Bounded as if it were a mile away:— "For God's a.!- c-"- — J i «... m nere. Try and buret open the safe !" The two burglars did not stop to talk, bnt went atonce to work as if their own lives de- peuueu on roe resort, instead ot tbe life of the mysterious occupant of the vault. In less than four minutes they had a hole, somewhat smaller than the_ business end of a collar- button, knocked into the panel of the vault. Then Pierre and Baptiste paused to wipe the sweat from their, brows. The man inside breathed. It was now that the pair began to muse on the denouement.'. Could this he a member of the firm or nn employe? n»« hypothesis jeopardised the success of the night's adven ture; unless, when they had permitted the prisoner to emerge, they bound and gairsred him into silence. S On the other hand, this coarse would have an ugly look. If hB resisted it might mean murder in the end ; whereas, if they did not lri him out at all, they would stated no chance of profiting by the pecuniary contents of the wfo. Besides, as the man could scarcely live thus until morning, they would be responsible for his taking off. Thus reasoned Kerra and Baptiste. These were not iugfalv comforting reflec tions, but there was still another and a better an reserve What if, after a 11, the man were himself a felon: Might he not be a com- jmuuju unv-cEBQKerr in tn&t; case they would merely have to divide the apoila. "Hey, in doe," cried Pierre, suddenly struck with an idea. " What is de combina- tionhofde safer" , "Fifteen —three — seventy- three !" came hack in eslchzal tonee. H was evidently growing harder and. harder to drew.bteath through. .the tinv opettxro ' & nmi a transpired that at the expiration of fifteen seconds the lock of the vault gave back the same r3sonant click it had xsndered eight TTiitrntftfl previously. Thanks to the timely advent of Pierre and Baptiste it opened as lightly, as airily and as decisively as it had closed 4S0 seconds before on the un happy accountant. The head book-keeper gasped once or twice, but without any assistance stepped out I into the free air. He was very pale and his dress was rent and disordered when his feat touched the floor. But this pallor quickly made way for a red flush at perceiving the two burglars with the implements of their profession strewn around them. Meanwhile Pierre and Baptiste themadves stood transfixed by the sheer novelty of the situation. Without anv kind of sneech or warainsr. or without making any attempt at bravado, the bookkeeper walked deliberately to his desk and rang an electric call for the police. Simultaneously it seemed, for so rapid and quiet was the action, he opened a drawer, took out a small revolver, and covered both burglars with a fatal precision. As he did so he uttered these remarkable words : — 44 Gentlemen, I would, indeed, be the basest of men if -I did not feel profoundly grateful for the service you have just rendered me. I always regard yon as any right- minded man should regard those who nave saved his life with imminent peril to them selves or, which ib just the same, to their liberty. Any demand in reason yon make of me 1 shall make an effort to perform — but my duty to my employers I regard as para mount. I have accumulated a little money, and with it £ propose to engage the best counsel inyonr defence, which is certainly marked by mitigating circumstances. If, on the other hand, you are convicted " Here the officers of justice altered, having broken the door open with a crash. — 44 Strand Magazine." 