(BLA6KERY. ' But stiH his tongue rim on, Aud, with its tiverlasliu^ clack. Set all moil's ears upon the vack.'— HuiilBRAS. H.M.S. Ceescent has once again started for Australia. Tokti nets j£250 for every song he com poses. A h*n that had struck it lich on Conl gardie gave ,£500 for 100 gallons of water. Fbkd Gunther is going to liven up Tassy with a dramatic company. Sib 'Exjiv l'.UiKGS i* in UV-t A'isiralia sj) Miring I'Vilerntiun. THF.Br. ill* .Sl.idU uii!ni ?],)-.?,.,! in N,. ?,? Sou Hi Wales. Mb. F. Milsom. the popular mining and faud agent, his removed his business from Cook's Chambers to 76 Collins-street. Soctit Cauomxa (IJ..S.A.), has na tionalised tin1 liquor t anic, ami in a slmrr. time the Government made a profit, of Cii.4(UI. Twkntv ship* are said to hi; lying iillu at Frcm'iiUe, owing to the crew.-i having levanted (o Civilgiinlic. Mao lllf,f, of (icniiniiy seis.-i g.ioil cxumple to his gr.vnny. Ho olijeets to travel as :i ili'alhead and so pays his own railway f.uv. Wantkd to know. — When are the pilots to step aboard and steer the good ship Tasmania through the Straits of Poverty. Vaillant, the guillotined anarchist, at one time fillc 1 tho position of a teacher of languages in Denver, U.S.A. Ir the Government had not drastically ' retrenched ' the Conservator of Forests he could have chosen the bsst trea to select the post of duty from. John Baku a i;i;t'k iilcis of tixati n is to tax. evcrytiiius Umt tha other fellow h.T'nt got. Wu presume the other full w Divans the man liret^cil in tlu; AiUinic lip loaf A uabd hit was made and it grave truth announced by last Monday night's lec turer, who bristled with measures. ' We hive a perfectly rotten state of things — bribery, corruption, anil all sorts of roguery.' Inspector Rarrisier Pedder p:iid a visit the other wee!- to a visiting fortune teller. Tho gipsy had a look at his palm nnd read 'boss policeman' across it. She had to be cajoled a bit before she allowed him to cross her palm. As a result of assiduous prospecting a promising find of gold has been made at Mulculca, near Broken Hill. Assays from tho reef are reported to have yielded from a dwt. to 2 ozs. to the ton. Enormous yields are reported from the Mount l'loapant mines, South Australia. IfOBAHT youngsters have a ilis use ivnrsu t ii.-m measles. Our onterp isinjrconfoctj.iner Huberts hti- put up ?? After the Bull ' lolly pickets. The affected kid puts a taff.v ball into Ilic siile of his jawii'iil then iiiulodiscs. 1\k: effect is mailileiiing. ? .lust throw me half u dozen of the bi^_'cst of those trout,' fiiiil a cilizen to a fish denier ?'Throw (hem .'' qncrieil the dealer. ' \''s ; ami then I'll fro home nml tell my wife I caught 'em. I may be a poor fisherman but I'm no liar.' In a seaside township near Adelaide an Anglican church iR made to do service as a police court, .-it tho rental of five bob si wocik. Money mixes things up consider-' ably nowadays. The last case tried was one of rape, and the accused was placed in (ho roading desk which did duty as a dock, whilst the justices sat round the com munion table. Case dismissed. A latge congragation worshipped at Ihe shrin'.' of the m tudlin sens ition. A Svdney debt-oolloeting firm now Bends round a cart labelled ' Debt Collector ' in characters visible to the naked eye half a mile off. When this gaudy vehicle stops outside a rwoII house whosn owner mani fests a roluctanoe to ' part ' the effect on tho mind of the said owner ctn bo iniiijr inert —the account is soitled. A good opaniiijj for tho firm in tho Tigl t Little Island. Dabby Peabob, the popular manxijo; of the lloba't Athletic Club and well-known champion, has met with a very s»rhue accident whilst vaulting which will pro bably incapacitate him for some time. A 11 lo I'ers of athletics will wish Harry a o/iiek recovery. The fourth ward of Glasgow has ret urnod an advanced thinker to the Town Conuil, in the person of a gentleman name 1 Mr. John Ferguson. In his address to the electors he said ' I am in favor oF the appropriation of the entire amount of 1 mil value to the service of the comiiuriity.' A sign of the times. Lovers of the mazy dance shoul.l lmid themselves in readiness for the plaiu and fancy dress ball to bo held at the Exhibi tion Building on Wednes lay, April 4. Proceeds are in aid of the S. T. Junior Cricket Association, and will be under tlie patronage of our civic, military, and other not-ibles. The ' ghost ' failed to walk at the Sydney Theatre Royal recently. A gene ral strike ensued, and tho audionoo had to get l licit money back. As deadheads wanted a share of the takings considerable confusion ensued, and the police bad to clear the way out. The Lord Rodney Hotel advertises a new tenancy, Mr. Dave Turner having taken over the goodwill. It is needless to say that old friends and the public gene- rally can rely upon first-class liquors. The restaurant will not be overlooked under the new management. AT tlie list Town Hall concert tlie organ and piano bul a gr at iluo tu^el. As soon as the two instruments figuratively put up their dooks it was 8een that the little fellow was not in it. though his backer did his b '.-t and b.mgeii him nhout i.-otiMilouibly. The giant organ bail however, only to give a roar and the piano went under. A vol'NG man in Sydney got theCoolg.-ndie fever in a very neute form and although a 'broker' he' reso'v.il to get there. lie 'stowed' away au.l was gaole.l in Mel bourne. Stowed away .again ami was again s nt up for two weeks in Adelaide. Stowed away the third finis ami on reaching I'V'e mantle had to ilo another 'drag'' for a month. On the expiration of the term he got » job at I(K a i lav, and grafting for n fc'-v weeks be then humped his bluey and and after a mouth's (ravel reached (Wjrardie. An enjoyable and beneficial trip is an nounced in our advertising columus to the noted Huon and Chanupl districts. The steamer Huon leaves l'.rooke-strcet this afternoon at 2 o'clock sharp returning to Hobart on Tuesday. At Fnnkl;'i, Geoves ton. or shipwrights' Point there is y-eo'! publiu aud private accommodation am! plenty of shooting and fishing, besides re gatta aud races. The excursion should be a success. About 2000 men are on the new Wyalong field, N.S.W. Gold is showing very froely to the naked eye in nearly all the claims which have struck anything. Fourteen payable reefs are reported as having been found ?, but there is no payable alluvial. 