Judgment oh Spooky. Cardinal Moran, speaking- at Kose bank - yesterday, Jiad someaiog severe to aay about the raisers of spooks, who, ^e suggested, might with much benefit ' be put under the pump, and ? something almost equally severe about the folly of persons who had constituted them selves into a special tribunal to investigate an alleged medium's antics. His Eminence has dearly spoken common sense. It would have been bad enough 'if a leading man in any walk of life Had backed up spiritualism by lending his countenance to a so-oalled 'test seance ' — a hole and cornet gathering of people predisposed to be de ceived, at which experiments were carried out . which proved nothing and which,, were sub quently reproduced by a conjuror who did not profess to have any occult assistance. When it was known, however, that this torn foolery of spiritualism had been advertised by the presence of a Supreme Court Judge assisted hy an ex-Minister of the Crown, the general feeling among all those capable of thinking, and not led away by prejudice, was one of shame that the country had been made ridiculous through one of its best known judges, Sir William Windeyer having made himself supremely absurd! Sir William Windeyer*a action with regard to the spooks puts him in a most awkward posi tion. Having investigated one show of dancing and kissing sprites, and having given, a formal certifi cate of its genuineness, it is hard to see how in logical fairness he can refuse to pass judgment on any rival exhibition that appeals to his notice, He might, ' for instance, the other night have been very justly called upon to come and pass an opinion on the conjuror who under took to* trump the performances of his own pet ghost raiser, , The great objection to a judge having entered upon a course which naturally le«ids to his becoming an authority much in requestat juggling displays, is that the country pays for a judge learned in the law, not for one learned in the pranks of merry* andrews. A judge's researches among merry andxews, spirit raisers, and so forth, do not enhance his usefulness in his public capacity. Suppose any one were swindled by a medium, and mediums have often had a disposition that way, would he be content to bring his grievances before a judge who might the _ previous evening have been engaged in superintending the sewing up of a medium in a black bag as a pre liminary to giving that medium a cer tificate of perfect honesty ? Suppose a medium thought that a newspaper had libelled him or her, oould that newspaper appear to justify itself before a learned person who had a few hpurs before eat entranced at the sight of Gissie doing the double shuffle? For a judge to have given his countenance to these things jg a, retrograde step and detracts' from his usefulness. Some action should be taken to show that New . South Wales has not fallen back 200 years into a belief in witchcraft, Possibly a good way to test Sir William's state of mind would be to charge an old woman with, riding on a brpomstick, and then get him to sit in judgment. If he were found really to hold the ideas of the reign of James I. as expounded by Matthew Hopkins, the great witch finder, New South Wales would be assured he was too conservative for its purposes. 