QUEENSLAND. (From Our CoRRESPONDENT.) BRISBANE. MAnon 2. Rain has fallen over the whole of the colony, and though Coastal Queensland may sigh for the Bun again, the great West and South-West are happy in the soaking. Those who associate meteorological disturbances with misery and loss have become dis- trustful as the skies grow blacker. Twelve months ago Brisbane was cleansing her garments from filth as She held a weary head back in the sickening stench, and city folk cannot forget it, Even to remind pessimists that February has passed without disaster does not suffice. They hark back four years when the Quetta was wrecked, and point out that the floods of 1890 came in March. It is difficult to escape from dis- trust in the face of a rain which pours as if dry weather were a solar myth, and which fills every nook and cranny with a damp- ness as depressing as the ghosts of past follies. This is, of course, from the city stand- point. Inland the cry for months has been for seasonable rain, Pastoralists have been ground between a pitiless sun and the dry earth until sheep and cattle have died like men, and stations have been deserted in rota- tion before the march of the drought. Old squatters have succumbed one by one, and people have grown suddenly silent as fore- closures by the banks have been recorded against some of our best men. The year just closed, if we may be allowed to consider the break-up of the drought as beginning another year, has proved too much for many who fought hard through depression and survived the financial catastrophes. Yet the banks have been terribly hit, if all reports be true. A list of stations owned by one in particular has enough in it to spell worry and anxiety for another half-century. Indeed, the drought of 1893 will make it hard work for some of the reconstructed banks to pull through, and the " croaker about town " is quite prepared to prove another " almighty smash" before the financial atmosphere is clear again. The strangest part of this dry spell is realised when it is found that water has abounded but' grass ' has failed. Rains in winter brought up a fine growth of herbage, thistles, and such variety of feed. Upon this the stock thrived for a month or two, but with the first week of hot weather it mostly withered off and nothing remained. The grass makes no spring unless Summer ruins are so much fact instead of a promise, Thus hundreds of thousands of sheep and a proportionate number of cattle have simply lain down to die. The truth has not been realised by city people, and though sad tales have been told at the clubs, the newspapers have not cared to expatiate upon the ruin which, has been wrought. Now that the rain has come in fair abundance, and weary hearts have been lightened in the smitten districts, there is no reason why the full extent of the disaster should not be revealed since the prospects of recuperation are now assured. Most of the great creeks and so-called rivers are overflowing, and the grass is shooting. Camowenl, Windorah, and all the colony southward have been visited, and Mr! Wragge promises more rain. We shall feel the effects of the drought most in railway returns through the year, and in short prices for wool caused by a break in the growth. Already the returns' of the Central line, which taps the colony westward from Rockhampton, allow a decided decrease as compared with last year. For some time past this falling-off has threatened the Treasury, and our total exports of pastoral products have also suffered. Tallow has increased in volume in consequence of the desperate rush to the vats so that the loss might be minimised, but wool has shrunk by many thousands of pounds in value in the export from our principal ports. Now, however, there is a general feeling of relief and those who still hold opportunity, as we are advised to take time by the forelock, will soon recover lost ground. In the face of the prolonged drought it is felt that Queensland has done marvellously well to pay her in great bill out of surplus products, Our total public and private indebtedness calls for an annual payment of about three millions sterling for interest, and the margin of exports over imports last year was five millions sterling. With a reviving pastoral industry, we hope to import more and gradually work up to the position of keeping our surplus within the colony. Of course, we do not forget that many of our station, mine, and property owners are absentees, and as such they will always drain money from us. But there is so much scope for development that we expect soon to attract men and money and to retain both. In this connection it is interesting to note that the revenue returns for February have bridged the gap which appeared in the corresponding month of last year. The Custom-house receipts show an ntl vance upon February, 1892, and so console us for the drop made 12 months ago in consequence of the floods. Railway receipts have returned to a better state of health also, especially on the Southern and Western line. There is every reason to believe from present indications that the Treasurer's estimate will be realised, and that with continued retrench- ment there will be a surplus upon the transactions of the financial year which ends with' June next. I A subject which is exercising the public mind very considerably has reference, to certain fires which broke out upon two of the British-India steamers en route to London. In both cases the wool packed into the forward holds was found to be in flames, and only after considerable exertion did the crows manage to save the vessels. ' On investigation it appears that the trouble began in almost identical places. What gives a terribly sinister complexion to the occurrence, in each case is the fact that the fire appears to have originated on the outside of the wool bales. Spontaneous combustion will not fit the necessities of a double fire on such lines.' The bales on being opened were found to be sound and unburned at the heart. The gravity of the discovery may be gauged since the Government have offered a reward of £1,000 for information which will lead to the conviction of incendiaries. It may, perhaps, throw a little light on the subject to remember that during the last maritime strike the British-India Company were threatened with extinction and their boats with disaster, because the reduction of wages complained of had its beginning with them. The unionist press are now giving their explanation of the matter. It must be pointed out that for some time past there has been friction between pastoralists and shearers over wet sheep. Nothing in past agreements was inserted which allowed for decision on this momentous question. If the sheep were brought in to be shorn the shearers complained that they were forced to shear even though such were wet. This was made the subject for much abjuration and complaint, until the pastoralists at last added a clause to their agreements which made the shed overseer in every case the arbitrators This does not make matters any plainer for those who have made a grievance of the whole business Just on top therefore, of all this notation about shearing, wet sheep, there came down the coast news of two fires in succession among wool cargoes bomen and bound At once we are (iv on the plausible explanation. If tyrant squatters force poor shearers to handle wet sheep they must not be surprised if damp wool should burst into flames under the hatchways Added to this is the insinuation that the pastoralists, after maiming their employes and causing cargoes and valuable steamers to be burned, {,0 gleefully to the underwriters and draw sundry fat clu quest it all fits in the nicely for honest men to swallow Strange to say, none of the wool shorn in Queensland which was sent via Sydney has given any trouble Handled and packed under identical conditions we should hardly be surprised had some word arrived to corroborate the experience of the Queensland steamers, assuming that the wet sheep explana- tion might be trusted to hold water, and that the wool bales had been proved to break into flames from inside instead of on the surface The latest local "Storm in a teapot' is raging over the Queensland Deposit Bank, which recently suspended payment again. In- stead of paying the interest which had accrued just after the drawing of prizes inthoKquitablc Building Society, the directors decided to ask for reconstruction. The Commercial Bank and rendered every assistance, but to proceed with the Deposit Bank's original scheme meant a further overdraft. However, there has been a lilting of voices over the suspension and a great deal of abuse has been heaped on the unfortunate directorate for listening to the lottery charmer. The press have insisted that a mistake was made at the beginning of last year, when it became necessary to handle illegitimate toolstoekeout the first proposals," Want of candour " has been the cry, and liquidation instead of re- construction has passed from mouth to mouth. The official meeting will have been held before this appears, and the fun is sure to have been fast and furious. It is felt that to jump on a small bank after allowing so many large ones to reconstruct would savour somewhat of the timid policeman's attitude when running in a child after letting some burly ruffian go. There seems to be a desire to give the bank in this instance fair play, though severe financial insight would demand a clearing of the ground from all superflous institutions. We are very much exercised at present about a wreck which took place a week ago at Cape Moreton. The Aarhus barque went down in 10 minutes on the Smith rocks, after cruising about in vain for a pilot. The sad disaster becomes sadder when it is felt that no ship should be wrecked in sight of port, after a successful voyage round Cape Horn from New York to Brisbane. Instead of the pilot schooner being ready to pick up the vessel, the cruising ground of out small ship is too circumscribed to allow of much help in critical cases. in this instance the Aarhus was not even seen, and after an anxious waiting in sight of our lighthouse lights she stood out to sea, and met her doom within three miles of Cape Moreton. That such a calamity should happen is matter for sackcloth and ashes, and Brisbane is feeling very sore about it. In the recent fit of retrenchment Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith decided, in the teeth of experts and against the warnings of some of his own advisers, to replace the reliable, well-found steamer Advance with a pilot schooner which has little, indeed, to recommend it. The policy was called penny-wise at the time, and is now proved to be pound-foolish. The pilot steamer could always render assistance, and was exactly suited for the services demanded of her. Instead of Moreton Bay being looked upon as a safe port to make for, we are afraid that the wreck of the Aarhus will raise the ire of underwriters and cause mariners to blaspheme. However, an inquiry is now being held, which will sheet home any neglect to those responsible for the catastrophe, either on board the barque or the schooner. Politics, though deeply sunk beneath social and commercial items of interest, are not to be smothered. Parliament stands pro- rogued till about the end of March, and will then probably be further prorogued till the return of Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith in about six weeks time. The question of extending the franchise to women was made the subject for discussion at a meeting called for the purpose a night or two back. What gave the gathering its principal interest was the artful oration of Sir Charles Lilley. He appeared as the champion of the fair sex, but adroitly introduced a hook in his speech wherewith to annex the labour party to his basket. He gave some of the planks of their platform as worth striv- ing for, especially that of "one adult one vote." But lovely woman asked to be let alone that night, and declined to listen to the labour party when they sought to harness the meeting to their own chariot. But Sir Charles had killed his two birds with one stone, and went home with a sweet smile illuminat- ing his innocent face. He had captured lovely women and tickled thelnbourparty.The meeting contained about a hundred and fifty of the opposite sex, who applauded him delightedly but the "one adult one vote" people were too restless for the women, and made a mess of their programme. However, it has been decided that the privilege of a political vote shall be extended to Queensland woman-at least a handful of dissatisfied petticoats have combined to any so. The general feeling is that when our sisters, wives, and daughters really want the franchise they are welcome to it. All we ask is that woman with a capital W shall do the asking, and not a part of her. 