ST. CLEMENTS CHURCH, KINGSTON. Yesterday afternoon the foundation-stone of St. Clement's Church, Kingston, was laid by Bishop Montgomery under very favourable circumstances. The pretty little township was en fete, and the occasion was generally regarded as a holiday. The country all around looked extremely beautiful in all the glory of early spring. Local residents of Kingston and the surrounding districts assembled in large numbers, and these were supplemented by about 150 persons who journeyed to the township by boat. The clergy present were riche Bishop of Tasmania (Dr. Montgomery), Rev. Canon Finnis und Banks Smith, Revs. A. Cass. Wayo, Root, Heineken Martin, Shoobridge, Hall, Geiss, Pollard, Copeland, Bucknell, and the in cumbent, Rev. de Coetlogon. From the parsonage a procession, which comprised the clergy, choir, Sunday-school, and the workmen, headed by banners, marched to the site of the new church. Here the decorations were surprisingly fine. Over the north entrance a fine Gothic arch, surmounted by a cross, was erected in huge i tree-ferns,' The decorations at the stone, too, were exceptionally good, and reflected great, credit upon Mr. Henry, whose work they were. St. Clement's is to be built in an eastward position, on precisely the same site as the old church, and it will be of wood on a stone foundation. Messrs. Tibbs and Jones, the contractors, are working from plans from the studio of Mr. Geo. Fagg, and the style of the church is to be early English. - ' ' On arrival at the site the Bishop, assisted by the Rev. R. J. de Coetlogon, conducted the usual service for the laying of foundation stones for, churcheS. The service was fully choral, and most reverently rendered by the All Saints' choir, under Mr. T. J. Haywood. ' In his address, Bishop MONTGOMERY made special reference to the commendable efforts of the Kingston people in endeavouring to open their church quite free from debt. This, he considered, would be done, as on an average £25 per month was being collected in the district, and this in spite of the depression, which the Kingston people doubtless felt a keenly as others. He felt sanguine that by December 9, the opening day,tliechurch would be opened quite free from debt, an example which the diocese might imitate. It was very gratifying to see so many present both from the district and Hobart-and it showed in a most favourable light that strong bond of sympathy which should characterise all Christian people engaged in a Christian work. Something had been said about the building being of wood on a stone foundation, but did not this typify the Church, built of fallible men and women, perhaps of perishable material, but on the sure foundation of Jesus Christ. Let them bear this always in mind, for it was a profitable lesson for all time. The stone was then declared " well and truly laid in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." Enclosed in the cavity was a copy of the Church News and particulars of the church. The choir sang several selections from Christ and His Soldiers (Farmer) in a highly commendable manner. after which a collection, amounting to £19 CC. 424., was taken up and placed on the stone. The service was brought to a conclusion by the- benediction being pronounced by the Bishop, after which the choir sung Stainer's sevenfold Amen, and the procession. returned to the parsonage, In the evening a concert was held in the Assembly-room, at which the following Assisted Mesdames de Coetlogon and Lovett ; M rises Sylvia Mills, Kl'a Firth, and Maud Lucas ; Messrs. Tibbs, Lucas, and Cooper. There was a very good attendance, and the proceeds, with those derived from other sources during the day, should reduce the cost of the building to the parishioners very materially. 