Faclss aa& Roomars Aurora Australis. Port OiTinein races over. Heavy rains in Q iuens!aiiJ. Highway rohb. ry near Trnrn. Bishop O Iteiiley ri recovering. The si 1 v-. r market Ivs gme hu-ig. Defaulting ratepayers to be sued. Port Pirie rnce3 next Wednesday. j Melbourne is to be let by electricity. J Gold in the Broken tlill Proprietary nrne. Splendid Jot of go' l found at Wnilcnriiiga. Mora botub exph siotis in France ami Italy. No need to go to West Australia to find gold. The price of- wheat is lower than it ever has been l-cforo. Australian Im'.ler in England realised over a shilling per lb. A cashier in .thi! Australian civil s rvice has committed suicide. A nnmev-lender is reported to have won £16,000 at Moii to Cir'- . Mr. Clement Wragge predicts rough wr a . tlior during n.-xt few .lays The Hon. W. Copley met with a splendid n-ceptieu on the Peninsula. The Superintendent of Fire Brigades has b' en on a visit to this tmvn The Royal- Tar lias arrived atJImile Video with the s co ld bit dl of pe. p -. " Then; would not he. any unomp'oyed to day if wo were a fivetra le colony." The Emperors «>f Russia, Germany, and Italy will meet and have a chat shortly . Patrick Bourke of SVillnwie has had to pay £16 for a br«-iich of the Bush Fires Aet. Five bundle I and seventy- three miles in 77 hours on a hicycln is not a bad rncor h Circuit C ui'd. to lie. held at Gladstone on Friday, April 13 h. Several cases already. It is ph-asin to learn that, the people of England do not. aoprove of bomb-throwing. A boy named Nicholson, aged four yours, Was drowned at the Gringo on Sunday last. During a cyclone in Mauritius a train w b blown over a bridge and -53 passengers, wete killed. Nearly all the parsons are in A lei tide. How would it bo if a couple wantel lo L.e' married? Robert Mills for shooting at and won ml in? a girl has beeu senti.noovl to 15 years penal . servitude Instead of providing for imbecile children, wouldn't it ho better to adopt some means of getting th m nut of the road at birth ? Arrangements are being made to tusl Sir. John Downer's prosp- cting scheme, " snVd a' nnnvher of men will be sent away ut once. G'adstone cricket clnb still have an un beaten record for the season. Not a very creditable performance at Jamestown though ! The British forces in Africa has been get ting a bad time of it The two words 44 D feat" and "British" don't, look well together somehow. The English benevolent lady, Baroness Bnrde.tt Coutts, was attending a country hoard "school to hear the 'children reply to a clergyman's questions. The three firs boys of ?. class were told 'b answer in order when asked ' What do yon believe in — God t«e Father, God .the Son, and God: the Holy Ghost ' On forming a line the , first .1st I- was naked the question. ' G >d the F ther,'. he replied. ' Vjry good,' .sai l the clergrm oi. and turning to the second lie said : 4 What do you believe in?' 'Gol ill - S-ut, was I he reply. ' And you,' q n ri d ill clergvmiin.to to the third boy, who s tid, 4 Nothing, .-fsir ; the boy who was >o h ive helicve-1 in tlln"H>.ily Ghoat had the xto n icli-achu an l had to atop at hope. . - 