LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent] London, April 6, 1891. Sow great was the importance attached to the evidence of Major Le Citron before the Parnell Commission by the Times may be juoged from the fact — which has now for the first time transpired — that the Walters guaranteed the spy a thousand a year for life and perpntual personal protection. At the time, one can imagine, tbe yellow-faced little major seemed the tramp card which was to win the great stakes tbe Times were plavinc for and destroy Parasitism and Home Rule for ever and ever. Yet what a mislire tbe whole busi ness proved. Despite tbe thunderbolts of Printing House-equare and a lavish expendi ture of money the Irish party ultimately were 'not a penny the worse.' Parnell him self by means of an illicit amour did his cauee fifty times more barm a few mouths later than the Walters with the entire 'Parnellism and Crime' campaign bad been able to achieve. Those who said that the Irish vengeance though slow was cure, and that some time when bis guards were napping the major would share the fate of Carev. must now feel rather foolish. As a matter of fact few Irish men thought about Le Caron at all, save as an instrument of the Times, and none of them hated, though they may possibly have despised, him. Papers in want of sensational *' copy' represented the major at the time his book came out as a fugitive constantly moving from place to place and changing bis name and watched ceaselessly alike by wary guards and tireless foes. I am sorry to spoil this little romance. It fits in with one's notions of what ought to have befallen the major much better than the prosaio truth. As a matter of fact, however, the spy ever since the trial bas been living perfectly quietly in Gloucejter-road, South Kensington, where be was known hy the name of Dr. Howard. He walked daily in Kensing ton Gardens and the Loudon streets and Ire quently turned up in spotless evening dress at theatres and places of amusement. So far as could be seen he was absolutely unprotected and took no pains wnatever to alter or disguise himself. The little figure in the tightly buttoned frock oqat one met staring into Repent- street shop windows was in all reepecte the same as tbe 'Thoa. Wm. Beach' of the Parnell Commission. He made many smart friends in South Kensing ton, and earned quite indifferent whether they called bim Dr. Howard or Major Le' Caron. On one occasion last year, it in related, that when the American Minister in London was receiving, a great commotion was crested amongss the company by the usher announcing, in the usual stentorian tones 'Major Le Oaron.' Ae a naturalised subject of the United States Mr. Beach bad come to pay his respects to Mr. Bayard. The Minister reoaivtd the ex-spy with blighting frifridity, and the other guests, following their hostfe lead, tuned their backs on him Le Caron smiled impertnrbably. He had not ex pected a ruboff of the kind and— ^w be con fessed afterwards — \ras inwardly furious. But he made no sign. When Le Caron volunteered evidence before the Parnell Commiftsion he was already threatened with tbe cancer which ulti mately ended him. Tbat was how he managed to make each excellent terms with the Times. 'The doctors allow me just two years, but I ehall live longer. 'he told the manager when he demanded £1,000 a year for life. The manager had resolved to offer £3,000 down, but after hearing this and eeemg the major's doctors be agreed to his terms. In consequence the Times paid him first and last over £0,00l». 'Even in the distant future,' as was eaid »t the time his book appeared, ' the figure of thia ' perfect bpy o' the time,' to adapt Macbeth's phrase, with its pallow face and straight staring eyes and calm folded arms, will remain a haunting memory hovering always over the grim and bloody borderland between politics and war.' . Lord Hannen, who died on Friday last at the age of 73, was in appearance and tempera ment an ideal judge, and much respected by both bench and bar. Ho finst gained a repu tation as a barrister for ekill in dealing with larpe and complicated raopsefi of facts and figures. It was this faculty which later on when he was a Divorce Court judge led to his selection as president of the Parnell Commis sion. If anyone, it was raid, can discover what are facts and what are falsehoods amidst this huge chaotic mass of conflicting evidence stretching over more than a decade it will bo Sir Jamea Hannen. The appointment proved a great euccses. The position required a strong judge, and Sir James was strong. But by his unvaryiug patience, courtesy, and con sideration, and by bis manifest resolve to see ustioe done to all parties he pleased everyone, even the Irish members. After the lengthy sittings ended Hannen used to quote of himself the following words of Pope in Browning'B ' The Ring and the Book' :?»- So and not otherwise in after-time ' j-i some bcbw wm, ireea prouiax, eouna This multifarious u.asa ot' word? and deeds Deeper, and reach through guilt to innocence, [.shall face Guide's ghost, nor blench a jot. ' God, who set ine to judge thee, meted oub So much of judging faculty, no more. Ask Him if I was slack in use thereof.' In politics Lord Hannen waa a Liberal Unionist.. He in middle life likewise turned vegetarian, and . used to aay be became not merely healthier but happier in con sequence. The vegetarians point to him as proof positive tbat abstinence from flesh and fowl is not incompatible, as often alleged, with brain work of the severest and mo.-it exacting eort. In private life Sir James Hanneu waa the kindliest and moss genial, yet withal the most dignified of men. Few knew he Euffered torment from a complaint well calculated to 6our the eweeteet temper. It was the same painful disease which used to render Judge Jefferies (B'Joody JeSeries), of iniamons memory, a raving madman for the time being. U^nnen had an attack one day during the hearing of the Parnell Commission. His face was d.awn in agony and his lips quite white, yet it waa in the usual calm digniSed voice he temporarily stopped the day's sitting and apologised for slight indisposition. Judge Hannen ruled the Divorce Court with a mu ;h stronger baud tbac his predec'eawrs, and usually nippod the tvmuM'ng incidents in which counfcel de ligbt in the bud. He had also a shrewd eye tor jurymen's excuses, and was uot i;o be Dlaytd with. One one occasion, however, his lordehip met bis match. A juryman, in deep mourning, rose and claimed exemption on th» ground chat he much desired to be present at the funeral ot a gentleman which took place that day. 'A friend of yours, I presume, or perhaps a relation, asked tho juoge. 'i\o, my lord, it is simply my duty to be present,' said the ead -faced niau quietly. This fetched Hsnnen, and lie remarked, 'By all means go.' The mourner departed. A minute later r.he Clerk of tbe Court passed the judge a note, 'Tbe exempted juror was an undertaker.' Mr. Lewis Morris's new volume of poems is to be called 'Songs Without Notes,' and will be published at faster. Any hopes wbiuti this poet entertained of the Laureateship have faded. Lord liosebery, ic is understood, holds tho same views as Mr. Gladstone on the nub ject, which may be briefly summed up in the words, 'Swinburne or nobody.' It is an odd fact that whilst the secular papers have almost witboub exception fallen foul of Marie Corelli's ' Barabbas,' the church organs, from the Ouardtan and the Ckurch Times to the Cliritttan World, recognise the author's ' devout and reverent attitude,' and are in no way shocked at the liberties she takuu with Scripture. I rather expected to hear these organs howl with horror. The scramble at Mudie's, Sn.itb's, and our other big libraries for 'A Yellow Aster' is greater just now than that for the ' tieaveniy Twins' was in 1893, but I don't think it will last as long. There was after all but one opinion expressed regarding Mrs. Grand's book, whereas people differ widely concerning th« merits and demerits of Mn. Catfyn's. Perhaps it ia Mr. Kipling's recenS successes in juvenile literature which bave inspired Mr. Barrie to try a hand at the same game. He was corning to town last month but suddenly changed his mind and set to work on a new novelette, which is half through now and is so far a study of child- life. Mr. Marion Crawford's ' Katherine Lauder dale' belongs to the American series of this cos mopolitan novelist's btorie;, which alwayB seem to me far iuierior to those the eeenes of which are laid hi Europe, Icaly esi-ecially. Of course, however, the book is clever and read able, even for frivolous persons, if you skip the long analyses in the stylo of Henry James. The plot deals with the love of a strong minded good and beautiful girl for a seemingly rather hopeless .ne'er-do-weel. On the eve of their runaway marriage this man, Ralston, feels impelled to confess to Katherine his secret weakness for drink. She demands a promise there and then tbat he will tiive it up for ever. RaJBtou hesitates. He knows the strength of his temptation, and tbat he would be done for in Kaclienne's eves if he broke his word. Bo he will only pledge hioiselt to do hits utaiobt to fit'bfi his benettiug sin. To bis amazement KatheiiUH promptly breaks everything oft'. How the htory ends you must discuver for yourselves. It is a pity Mr. Crawford fchould have intro duced such a nasty reptile a« Crowdie tho artist. Hib taste is generally excellent. The cheapest and handiest Shakespeare yet published is ' The Templo Shaketpeare,' which JL/ent & Uo. are now bringing out at the rate of two plays a moncb. Each play is separate aud can be had published at le. net in cloth, or 1b. 6d. net in morocco. Printing, paper, and general get-up are admirable, and the text is that of Aldine Wright:e famous Cam bridge edition. Purchased complete the 'Temple Shakespeare' will of course run into some money, but the book-lover, who likea to see bis favorite classic* sumptuously and yet conveniently enshrined will, I reckon, readily part with 3s. a month for some little time to come in order to take it in. At Is. (id. th© morocco-bound edition is really a marvel of cheapness. Tha National Observer has been sold to Mr. J. E. Vinoent, who wrote the recently published brief biography of the Duke of Clarence. Ho is a man of means, and a Tory Democrat of Lord Dunraven's school, and will edit tho paper himself. Messrs. R. E. Henley, Mr. Cnas. Whibloy, Mr. Marriott- Watson, Mr. reviewers have seceded ; in fact next week's issue will be practically a new journal. It is an absolute impossibility to foresee what sort of show will succeed in America. The famous French oompany beaded by Mdlle. Jeanne May, which played 'L' Enfant Prodigae' in London twice a day for nearly a year, have just completed a eix month*' tour of the States*. Noo a town would look at it. The papers pieteuded to like the novelty, because to dislike it after London, Paris, and Vienna had pronounced the pantomime an idyll would bave been to stultify themselves. But is was obvious only a small percentage could under stutnd or appreciate the entertainment. Of course, imagination is essential to the comprehension of 'L'Enfant Prodigue,' and the average American is without that possession. Even with a prioted expla nation of the pantomime under bis nose the subtlety of the French gestures was wholly lost on him. I hope when you see tbis piece in the colonies the original artistes will be playing. I can imagine that attempted by English folk or second-rate French panto mimists it might be difficult to sit out. Mr. Henry Russell's friends are agitating with more zeal than discretion to get tbe veteran eong- writer a knighthood. I yield to no one in my -admiration for 'Cbfer, boys cheer,' 'The red, white,- and- blue/' ' A life on ' the ' Ocean wave,' &a;, but there really seems no more.' reason for knighting him than for conferring a similar distinction on Tosti, Maybrick, Alfred Scott, Gatty, and half a dozen others. The Lyceum Theatre Company have arrived home again after a triumphal tour in the States of 32 weeks. Mr. Irving will, it is said, 'transfer to private ledger' as net profits over £25,000, notwithstanding than tho ex penses wure enormous. His company nuuibsrad £-t- persons, exclusive of stage carpenters, ecene shifters, dressers, limelight men, &o.; Mies Terry received £100 a week and all ex penses, and Mr. Terries SCO. The Triennial Handel Festival in June at the Crystal Palace will be exceptionally fine, and all colonists likely to be in England then ebould make a point of uecuriug places. Madame Albani, Mr. Edward Lloyd, Mr. Santley, and Mies Anna Williams are to be strengthened by Madame Melba, Miss Emma Juch, Madame Clara Samuel), Mr. Ben Davies, Mr. Andrew Black, and Mr. Nor. Salmond- Such an expensive array of prin cipals hsB never been known before, and the chorus will be found maenib'oenb as ever. Mr. Haydn Parry, the young W«-lsh com poser, bad just commenced to taste the streets of Buccess when death intervened. Rather more than a week ago be went out to dine with Harry Monkhouse to settle -J«taile of a libretto by .tbat humorist which he was to Bet to music. On the way borne Mr. Parry caught a chill, and eix days later lay dead. Haydn Parry was 3r- years of ag-», and leaves a wife and two children. Hi? chief successes were the ecores of 'Ciuarette' and 'Miami,' operas ruined by their poor librettos. 