LOOKING SACKI WA1R A Roetrospect of Victoria dur!ng 1803-Theo FPolitial, Monetaray, ioaalt.Comnerltal and industrenl Happenir't. r. *.hi u ast YeaP -The Progecss or r.i:n!n;:. A:riculturg Pa?stom1 PPnuits and t.nlu:f?turets Chnts with the r .peeantatJves oft AustrdJa's Stunta PursuitE- "Atritolna' on .Now onellces r Fbarming - The .Economist" argucs on rno financial Condition the pravlnce - t na edcore of the Morgue. Copeoightd--Thr tedera. Asso:riev' of ourealists,) 'Tti: V,'cl 1ttr93 hIs d thti?ely proved tothe pessimisrt much that hi c.arpig soul dehlights -in, for in ?ood truth Ittle- has obtained .towards the itmpravmtt er c::tnattl from the slough of desound ncy .tad co?ljequent 'depression with whlch it was ua red in Revelations of fruai, chic.m.tryli rotten commercii l told Iti a ncil riatt h i funs have baeen common, and t th pen, f the diurnal and hebdomtadar srrtes have been pushed 'along at high.ursur. nee-rd in tbrir efforts to record the rutten,:ss pl those in:stitutions in which thousa nds l.d trsted. Commercial tiia Bait:s ambiguuousl .iMvr:d their friends that such-.and-such a t an would bn the next to go, and their pro.atieatitions unfortu nately, proved only too trne. The "busy .haunts of len :' were peuopled with victims of .he financialcrisis, and deluded or dilatory ihareholders w'erd' it* with anxious faces lrying along to the banks they were crested in tt find- the doors closed. nublic meetineg wra held, affairs discussed, tlepositors and shtareholders, in many inst:nces, werijewildered by the array of figures presented t:, th, m either unon printed sheets or drli'nr tad ioiUttmdo. liut dissatis-. faction was partmniunt Accountants of Jong-standing and experience were called upon to expla n their views of the situation, and chaos a;ullst ttalun again at least so tar na inathematiw,li qu stion? were concerned. Persons in high pion i, were openly accused ni fraud, arrests tallowed, preliminary hear .inug, trials (the latter in somt e aers bringing .tilhe fraduent delinquents to tcrlas of tnu prisonment), whilst in other intstnces,.the loaw's delay was decidedly consptcuous. and it wis not until alter protracted Polcue Court .oroceedings that ;nytittng approachimg the lunctuns of nitagisterial ruling was ,correctly arrived at. it Itt y remain to be deciled .by .the higher authoritles what 'course justice ,wil take in her endeavours to heet Ihome fraud and corruption to thoue dlrectly accused. It is still a iatter of swonder that intItit dtrectors i.telt.,ltcly con. concerned in tlle storkln of tt ,evetral b.nl:s ?,i?ich collapsed .re not pla'ed upon thtu ttrial to a;:cottt fur.thetr stew .idlbit \'ihy in tiheir posittion ot trust, direction and responsibility, owere they not .eized of the "iact of their individul banks being in .in tncltillt ctlllutitiuo, and above tile tln?sell mari:, so n speatk, of safety and solvency. I'h?d scheua of re.copistrnetiio was fauterd ilu the ys of tilhe deluded depositors, many ,fi whoit :td not know the neaning of the teint so mucli so that when the banks re "opencd their diors the ignorant tnes stormeCd the tltin:,,gers offices, and itimplored, with all the pe uative cloquence r at their comimand, .,a(pr a instant return of the'ir moneys 01 course ;,heir requests were not a:cceded to, .and they withdrew invoking vengeance arnd inathematising the authurs of their undoing. And they were by no m.ums to blame There twuere mapy shareholders and favored deptsitors who had received large overdrafts and therehy deph:ted the coffers of capitals wrhichi shild have remained almost intact to ensure tleltahbility of the severalti anks they svere placedt ip. In a word, the reckless allowance of overdrafts was at the bottom of Sof tihe?snsinsion. Sir :uddlesiy" Hodwink, the Hon. Diddlent Takedown, Throwsby Dustineyes, Esq, and others of their ick, apeeared in circulars, advertisemente . halance-'iihee't atll .press reports as as clhirmain and mubtn is, f the boards of directors and siarehohicrs. ;a.I the tmuttons reprerented by th1 pu:t;ic swtallowed all the soft foidder ptr:ed t .themc. At last the surpply ave outt tlhr',:a . tihe tsstslttiveness and du.b,tyetr f the Er.gl.-h sit.reholders,and a very bltd attack of com. ltarrlal tndigestion, was the resait. latters ihavng reached a critical point political antluence, with the salction ol the Arctieg. i.(c.vrenor, intervened, and on Suaiov 3nth Ap)ril, a GOveruitinttI Gat::i was issued, pro <l.uming hvedays' holiday for tle banks with -the niew of allaying the puaitc panic :'.s acrtion on the part of the Government was diversely criticised during the tollowing day. rtt Mlay, and there ucctrrted some -r:citini -scenes in Collins.trert, altogether tulltue in the htstory of the Au traihas The suepetta.ed ;and re.coustructtn; hanks at .this time t.ere the English, Scottish '?td Austr.dian bhartered, The L.oldon Chartered. The Standard,and National were peitialy oaen -for the.receipt of money and trust acounts The Commercial was to have re-oprned but remained closed in obedience to the Govern Jnent prccltmaitnin. If the s!t renaininp banks of isaue, four, vz, Thlie Bank of Nea South Wales, 'the Victoria. the tity ant .Colonial also .acted in acco aunce with' the Government notific.tion and remain dosed The Bank of Austral.~ita and the Union Bank,bhowever. apparently opaosed the edict and opened transactions mn oil business that was legally possible. On the Tuesday following the Bank of New South Wales aolowed suit, and on the \Vednesday the otonial Banmk and the City Bank ollapsed, followed on the 9th by the Bank of Victoria after forty years business. Trah City Bank put off the immntinent day till the 17th, when its doors were closed, and at the en I of January the Federal Bank joined the th ? . The English press had likewise o, moned the action of the Vi :torian Goiment m proclaiming these holidays. ,d previously ref arnked, dtssa;ti.aaiion all those mmeshed in S r pl lurement held whe more t' ythe only result tiu be a bigger stmash than that just eaperienced. \Ve have plpnend in mtdtli rts into the chief xauae of the year's dire depression, without aecrd to strtct chronological order in the reautlon oh mater .from the commencement ft i893 On thi 4th of April the Comn meretal Bank suspended payment, on the tth the English, Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank succumbed, and on the 25th the London Chartered Bank gave up the ghost; the Standard, whi:h in it892 had tbee orced to accept the inevitable, was driven to the same extremity on the 28th of April ot this year; and the following day saw the suspension of the National Bank. Leaving suspended banks to revert to ather financial institutions it is refreshing to Iict that Colonial Life Assurance Societies tadvancing steadilyand securing a strong hold upon the confidence oa the community. Certainly large bonuses' are an alluring tatt, but whenit is considered that the best 4snocieties have carefullyd codiqdered the to policy holdeas . air praise-, ':"??ae,+ st be accorded to them. pemisitg that death should occur within twesntr-five years of -.date of assuracte, it the premiums are paid up, the sum assred is iun addition returned and the new pension schemne in view of the aray of bant sutspensinnss ' quoted and dilated upon as a preliminary or preface to this retrospect, should absolutely commend itself to the consideration of all who wirh to ibe secure in the event ot evil times Dr. MacDonald; of Ortiond College, has a daughter asuccessful novelist. . She is the autholess of ' Ida Cameron," a new'storh of Austealian life, and her pen hame is "I Mar garet Parker."t falling upon .hem. In alort lthere i n1 possiblo aeunrn a' but mutual flssratce, and the best ef nmulal a'ssurance i with those companuies whose naa.ets are en the spot. The .dutual of Victoria n'ich has evidently pro fited by 'the dtlastron. experiences if fallen financial institutions ana, bettered the inastrue tion by eve lvit g safe and steure advantages for all annuitants. Its m;nagemvcentis "'in the know," c, ncerning Australian monetary 0matters far more so i ti:an any foreign Assurance Society ,eficers?.lhence there can I.: no two opinions concerning the 1ho'ce of institution with which \to 'raneact Iife Assur:nce. This particular sotiety on its last annsal distribution of bonuses did so from a fund of over £1,00 ',01100, the cash value of which exceeded £51,0.000. In t!.e preceding year, 1812, 12,555 new lo:icieo were issued for arsurances, saolunting to £3,791,221, the new nnnuo; income from premiunms being £126,014. T'he funds row amount to £11,328,448. And passing from Life Assurance to death, vahich tl not an abrupt tran-ition. ,the openinC gf the new year was marked by the decease of tilhe Chief Jouti .e of Victoria. ?ir. Geo. Higinbotham, who hIad expired on .the last day of the old year. In life hlie had been a consistent and uncormpromiing democrat. lie had lived for forty years in Victoria, and during an active and busy leoal, yolitical, and journalistic career, the only reward for public duties performed lihe looted for was from the people. lie declined knighthood. bat he received with undi.cuised appreciation the vote of thanks tendered by Parliament for the stupernlous t:ek ihe had ,performed. that of consolidating the Victorian Statutes. He died of hart lttease, bn o ht on by overwork, at the age of if. According to his express aishes enjo:mnd dluing the last years of his life he was to be buried privately. which act was performed much to the disappointment of the whole community by whom he was revered and 1I ted for his amiability, devotion to dutlly, and his con sci, ntious aocherence to principles he thoucht just oaL. ripht. Continuing the obituary record fit ..e year, it may be recorded that on the 17th of January, iDr. Thio. ]:mbling. MIember J. gislative Council. departed this life. lie had been an early ade, cate for the Eight Hour movement, the Lands' Transfer Act, and also protective duties. By cable front England it was lealrnt that James iMcCulloch, who had once been a mot ,power. ful political factor in Victoria had died on the 31st January, at Ewell, Surr y, in his seventy. fourth year. He was Premier of the colon) an four different occasions. In clarch Matthew Lang, ex-mayor of Melbourne, whc had filled the miayoral chair for tlhree successive years died. '. L. FteiRield, 1.L C., died at Adelaide, S.A., on Sunday morning, 1ith April. In the following uolnth David Itobert Vyllie, member fer hotth lelbonrne. in the I egislative testhebly. :nod Labour Party advocate. died of as naope of the heart, clpervlning an g tack of lara?lsis, at the early age of 36. Wm. I car, on. ?.1 .C., for the Eastern rovince, dild I1ltlh August. The probate duty paid in Il+is estate added largely to the public e r hvenor e lrolperly .detailed in the lategentleman's will and liable to the payment of duty, was sworn at £205,613, upon which £20,5bli was paid as duty. Furthetmore ihe property comprised in settlements liable to duty. wa~s elated at £42,176, upon which £1001 was paid. The .duty paid in all totalled £22,551. Among the real estate was Kilmtny Park. the well. known sheep station, near lRosedale. James Campbell. Minister of Public Instruction and Commissioner of Customv. died on Saturday. 16th Sepiember, of 0ancor, alter many week's of terrible suffering. The Government offices were closed at noon on thle Ibth in>t. as a token of respect for the deceased. At Bendign on the s:ome day another veteran Parliamentarian. lobert llrrowes, 3I.L.A., paeaed away. e1 had been elected altogether .eleven times, and his Parliamentary ex perience extended over twenty-sevenl years. On ' led.y, ; rd October, tobert E. Wallan, well-known in literary andcommrcral c ecies, died on board the s.s. Itairarapa, at Auck land, N.Z., of paralysis. Another well kniown and esteemed colooist, the Iuod. Plow (Kate, whose Victorian career had be. n honored and lengthy, died at llrigh on, on ltllh November. Now once more pass we on to the affairs of the living In January a stcc.s-onr to the late Uroge Higinbutham was looked ablt for. and it was tulought that Justice \Williams woud hbe offered the appointmcn.. lHowever, the uplhot of the matter was that .1r. !hiels, the then P'remrier andl .ttorney-General, together with his col esgue,. invited Dr. s11 t0en to accept that otffice. which he did. P'arliament alter a shart clh:istma, vacation re- a?embled on 1'th .January. with \ir. Shiefl' at heo head of affairs. The political barometer at about this time was poiniting to lqually weather, and on thu 17th, .0r. Patterson. the present Premier, tabled a want of confidence motion. On the 1lth, the Shitel' Government was defeated by forty five votes to forty-two, after a debate wh.ch was the hortest on record. ion 20th l.oanuary Mr. 'atterson out of the ma'crial placed at his di- ror.al formed a Alias'r)y which was ronstituted as follows:--J. 1. Pa'at:rron, Premier, Chief Secretary and lil.is.er of Railways; G. D. Carter, 1T r.scorer; t 'ryan O'l.oghlen, Atlorney-Gnnersl; Mr. lsaacc, Solicitor-General: .ir. AltColl, inirdte otr Slines and Water Supply; Mr. ?S'cntyre, Lands, iMr. t amphell, Education . ll Customs; Mr. \\\ bb, 'ublic io mlks and Agrna uture; Icr. 1.. lneic, Alio,,ter tr l, Leat sa; Mbr. A. Wycne, lo'a?lwstelr General. On the Ist olf lelburarv, lir. PattedI on unfolded the Alma erial pro gr.tme at tastCmaine, andl met with a waIm damons'ration. On the 7th.of F:etrua:y Mr. Patterson was returned Icr l aot ea.cine. layving Ibeen oppcaed by bir Ferancs 1 og more. Jlr. f'atteoson scored heai y, the voting majority being generally about tw0o to 'one. l'arliament re.assemblcd on 14th] }tbruary. On the 1tth a .oatd of enquiry sat to try and discover tlie whlrbeslbn's it it?e mi,sing mace, which had been msrteriourly stolen trom the llousts of Parliament. Their attfrlai weie fruitlese, however, and tle bauble still r lmains undi- ovrled. ? Ie board, at any rate, discovered'w·el e the icace had not been, and a chorus ol "o'ur bh nt is vindicated," headed by `pealer lient, aroe. larlament wo irroorcued on rd Marclh ty the Adiministrator of the tioeeruu nmt, and .e:opeF.ed on 28th June, wbho the main eaturees 'presented wErs : tle ?etrinclctteolt Scheme, whereby the permourlt expollitile of the province could te re~duced £su0,000 or f£900,iOO0 a year; the po:iey of additic nal lazation to bring up the reenueot at le of the next yar level with that ycaro axto1. di true; a schemre of land at d village retkltmolct to provide adequately for tl.e l al le gef.tilg " bhack to the land," whlich beolngs to thLtn anyhow. 'rhe railway retenue ir the financial year up tIc 35th June, I9UJ, wns £2,:13,412, and retrenchlment caused a saving in the working expenses of about £3t,'.0 0. '1 he Treasurer' Budget Spe. ch was road on VWednemday, 19th July, and the mnethwl by whichc he proposed to make his rew, n0e cover eapenditure in the balane-blbett was tost: Eimat ed revenue, SO,04 ...--- 7.43.'l hew taxation-... ... -. 5.o0o Estimated expenditure, 1839- - yo5.t9o Surplmu on the year ...... £2.t38 In the merry month of M'ay, a political crisis arose out of the derantile liatk proserutmous Mr. Jaaaesm, the Seolicitor-General, diioareed with Blyan O'Loghleu's verdict, at Atton.ey General, with regard .to a nolle trostequi. The ulOhot was that Mr. Isaoce retired from the Cabinet. Later on he went before hIis eonstitmnts at Beechworlh, who received hicn with acclamation. and he was relurned unoppoased to his seat in the House. It must nIot he forgotten during thie month on January Mr. E. G. Fitzgibhon, ch.irman of the Metropolitan Board of Land ad Works and itinerant versemakor, retcuned from London, whither he had voyaged to flout a A railway tank at Mlitiamo containing 2o,oo000 gallons of water fell to the ground with a loud crash, and was utterly destroyed. The township is without water supply. Three horses that were feeding near the spot were severely injured1"dne of them'fatally. loan of £2,010,c00. February Ist Mr. James Mlunro, the late Agcit.General for the colony, and a leadine teetotaller and c.fe palace prume'er, filed his she lule. ahowing a deficiency .of £51,106. Further retrench ment was started in the ru .lie Service during this mon'h. On itlh la:rch, the Anglo-Australian Bank Criminals were found guilty and sentenced to various to me of im..risonment. In this m,luth also the blerc.tnti:e lanek proecectioun tbetan. and after protract d hearings at the lowercalr:s, Matthew Davies; and rederick Alillldge wtre committed for trial for con spliracy on Friday, 12th May. On the 27th msO. ,lnattiew and lirs. Davies sailed by the German mail steamer Saliar for Columbo, but evenutaly he leturned to the province in cmlipanly witl Detective Whitney. who had b en sent ou his tracks. On the 29th of tilhe same m nth alplilictio for a Grand JLry woe made and adjourned it was reviewed on the 1t th and granted. Subse que'itly a t:ue bill was found by the grand jury :'ganst the two ac used. but when in August the proceedings were called on ip the higher eourt, the accused were discharged. atd the presentmelnt quashed on the grounds that an alien consli tute 1 one ltl ti e grand jury, and as such was inr i.ibie as a juror. 'roceerdings were com nenced dre nero in spite of legal blockad rs. ancd the accured were once imore comnlitted fur trial, which if all goes well wll come on tlls y ar. The werating evil was brought under the notice of the J'remier by a lirge tieputation n, der the auelices of tie Pmnoltcion at,d Liblral Federal league .llho nuited on that gentlemraun on 15th ?lril. Their i ic.ion was t., biIg uudr his notice the exiate?ce of the aboveu-amed evil in factorirs. So far as the ewtthmg trade is conce ned thils evil is to a ceetaiu extent brought about by the restric. tions of tie a Fact rie' Act, which under one of its conditiins provides for 550 cubic feet of spare in each tactory Ir workshop. 'I his has Iroved ruinous to small employers, and the c. neequenco is that Jew awi atens who employ 1'urepen labor. r ceive the work from tie lints d tradesmen. Th.e Cmajority of master tailors have 5 ow only small rooms for they argue that they eannot or will not comply with the Act. The registration tee is savrd tor tone thing, and further thuos whom the tranee dub "lequisiive Inspectors" are e;:uo d. h ben tihe masters do not care about tkitig on appientices of either seax s a doctor's certificate is required as to their phjsicial condition. The latter tequirement alo acts as a barrier to a poor mrn with several children whom bhe nay be desirons of applreniticing, for each certitcate costs halfa c 'oin. 'The um may setaE small, nut it is reqmured for actual neiresar es. I lhe inepeetura aie cot Otriugent enough in their action towards employers in the matter of an alio~ance of a permit for overtimre. This causes overcrowuillg in the wosktoome at busy times. If thl inspector does find fault then the employer dishlirg.s several Lands and gives out ihe work to sweaters, and sa tile State oulwitilngly aids and abets the evil. Not long a,.o in oine irge leading irmt the iee.eess Io re utertedl the privilege of working piecework for one I nauy week. 'Iwenty per cent. was to be taken oil their wages for this plivitege. lot the men didn't see it, for they fouttd they could only have worked their usual quantum had they been on the-ir weelly wage. It may be asked why thel employers denmantded the 20 per cent. concession. The answer is thit the maotager of the ' making. up" dtpartment received a bonua, and pocket the sum he bird the workers of. But thlough',ut the clotting trade business has been dull. and the houtse in Flinders-lane have rereived a no:ificatioun from home that the credit system will in future be imited to four months only. hence tit warehousemen will have to take less credit and give less to cu- tomers. Under these.cirecumtances sweat. ing is ratomant. '1 he shoddy Impo ter and the calico j mmy in Victoria is d omed anyways and it is to be ten-ted that Ihis doom means the boom in the manufacture of local fabrics, The iron- workers have suffered, but the boot wade has shown signs of improvement luring the latter part of the year. In 1893 ;here were 2.242 factories, and taking the average for the year the number of employea. would have fallen to nearly 40,000. In 1892 he figures wee Ogure were 2,443 factolies employing 10,319 at an estimate. t, 