THE DUIRkVIT BY JEAN MIDDLEMAS, ,yther f "A Girl.in a Thousand,? "sealed by a Kims," etc. CHAPTER -XX.-(CoaroL UED.) . The subject of the beard was not pursued, Sir Clement had got his wife's consent to its being g'owa, and that was all he wanted: Still, sue was too much taken up with her etters to think of anything but them for the moment. "?They will be here :o-day, Clem," she cried. S" By 'they' I supposeyou mean Elvira and Lady Marcia?" "Exactly. I am so glad." And the excitement she showed about the matter quite verified his hope that with the arrival of her two intimate friends new life would be infused into Lady Gertrude's prostrate framo. This to an extent made him forget his trouble about the spectre Singleton that he knew might start up at any moment like aanquno's ghost, and trouble the seemingly even current of his days. Thus the little excursion to the Greek Chapel was much more lively than might have been expected, and by the time theyre turned to the hotel the drive through the 'weet, balmy air and the fragrance from the woods had certainly done Lady Gertrude Eoodi The travellers had just arrived when they returned, and the greetings were most affeo tionate, though naturally tampered with sad. mess, as Lady Gertrmde's trouble had fallen upon~er since her friends had left home. EElvira Delane had quite recovered her spirits, and Lady Marcia,- notwithstanding eer supposed ailments, had never lost hers, so the dinner which Sir Clement had ordered with mu;h care was done ample justice to, and though Lady Gertrude said she was very weary, and would be glad to go to bed, she was not allowed to brood. The cheering regimen which Sir Clement had for some time past been prescribing for her in his mmd had began with a vengeance. Would it prove of lasting efficacy, or fol lowing the fate of many another regimen that has gone before it, would the test be too severe for her slender stock of strength. It seemed almost like it, for by the time they allowed her to go off to bed her vitality was so completely spent that she nearly fainted when she tried to walk across the room, and Sir Clement had to carry her to her own apartments. Lady Marcia shook her head anxiously as she saw them depart. "Alas, alas," she said, " where is our bonle blithe Gertrude of long syne ? Oh for the days that are gone." " They will return, at all events let us hope so," said Elvira. " 'oiment seems do. voted, why should they not to happy? When I thought he loved another woman I doubted that they could ever be so, but I think we maligned Ihim-I believe Gertie is his only love " Lady Mlarcia shrugged her shoulders. "I don't know what it all means," she said. - "It is beyond you and me to fathom, but there is something .vory queer about Clement, and in consequence about Gertie. *Whether she knows what it is or not I can. not make out, but whatever the trouble, it is killing her." " Oh, Lady Marcia, do you not think that I it is sorrow over the baby's death that is I making her ill, and with time she will get over it, as others have done before her ? " "She was quite as queer before the baby I cdied, and as for him, can anything be 1 stranger than his ways ? He gives you the idea of a man who is aloways expecting a t bailiff or some police official to tap hims on the shoulder. Between you and me, Elvira, and with closed doors, I sehould nave half i aunpected he had had something to do with poor Pierce Vaughan's death if he had not I been almost as queer before it happened." " Oh, don't," cried Elvira, " pray don't go? on; I shall not sleep a wink if you put such 3 ideas in my head, and I am dreadfully tired." Then, womanlike, she asked, " Whet do you think he had done ?" "Goodness knows! Got into some trouble beforehe was married, I daresay, and which t heis always suspecting will come out and make a scandal. But here he comes ;" and w*'ith a sudden change of voice and manner, L.dy - Marcia continued-" I am sure Sou will like Wiesbaden, fear, it Is such a pretty place, and the right sort of people are always to be found here. Seen anyone you know, Clement '" '"No. We have been about so little, it i has been so difficult to rouse Gertie, but I hope she will be better now you have come." "I hope so, indeed. We will do our best a to amuse her. We have had a very pleasant Sdtime-have met a lot of desirable people." "And some very undesirable ones," put in Elvira. "Oh, that goes without saying. Well, even the undesirable ones have their advan tages ;'they often amuse you and circulate I your blood by making you laugh. That oddity who proposed to you on the platform of the railway station, for example." " The wretch I" "Hull', Elvira, have you had a pro poseal?" asked Sir Clement, forcing himself to take an interest in their conversation, though-his thoughts were elsewhere. "You did not accept him, 1 hope. What will Berkeley say ?" Elvira did not answer, but she colored up andlooked keenlyatSir Clement, as though seeking to find out how much he knew about herrelations with Sir Miles Berkeley. "And then there were those queer peoOle who arrived at Basle the night before we left. A burly nerth-country parson and an invalid wife." Neither could speak a word of any language ihantheirown, and yet they were both fussy and loquatiouns. If Elvira andI had not come 1 to the rescue, madame would have gone supperlessto bed, for, no one in the hotel would have understood that the' de bhuf ' could possibly mean ' consomme.' " Sir Clement laughed; still, he looked and l felt very uncomfortable. "I thought they spoke English now in all I the big hotsels," he said. SSo theydo, butths big hotels were full, 1 and we were all in an annexe with raw servants unaceastomed to English people. I And the discomfort that particular couple would have experienced without our assist ance would, I think, have made them retuirn home without delay. Oh, it was funny. I ope we shall see him again. le gave me his ers IwonderwhatIdid with it?" She felt in her pocket and produced a small ease. from which she drew the object for which she was looking Rev. Abel Singleton. :" There it is; look at it, Clement. Such a name-Abel. He lives ip to it, too, for he Looks like an antediluvian animal." Sir Clement took the card, which trembled in his fingers. a So they were at Basle. He .was gliA to know their whereabouts ; n rndElvir bvas eenindirect communication I with these dreaded people. " We tried to persuade themto come here," a "weneonLady Marcia," by tellmg them we t were sure it was just the place foran invalid, p but they were so bent on Switzerland that we coduld not move them." d How thankful Sir Clement was that they a were immovable, who shall say? Still, it i was no pleasing contemplation that these intimate friendsof his wife's might any day I receive a communication from the only man I whio coild shed that light on hs past life iwhlch must inevitably ruin him in the eyes of everyone for whose opinion he cared. Above all, with Lady Gertrude. a Thus thinking of her, he threw Mr Single-. ton's card back to Lady lMarcia and asked: "How do you think my Gertie is looking \--better or worse than you expected ?" g Lady Marcia, with her usual bluntness, ,answered straightforwardly : " Worse. If youndon't take care, Clement, C she will slip through your fingers. I can't t think what on earth it is that has worried her n into this condition - but I suppose you 1 know ?" "Is she werried?' "COoise, come, man, don't pretend--of course she is worried. Do you and she have eissgreements in private? You walllesay that I isnot my business; but if anyone gives me -e'ide of an unhappy wife, it is poor, dear ': On my honor, Lady arcis, we have never had a word of disagreement in our lives. We are always most affectionate. If fl Gertrude is worried, the cause is unknown a to me, except, of course, the poor baby's death, and thai i sorrow, not a worry." is "' She was worried before the baby ed. J ed.tl was saying so to Elvie only just now. p ratnrailly, I thought yenou knew all about it." s "I assure you I know nothing. Ever since I married her I have made strenuous di endeavors to do the beet 1 can for her, and to h keep her as much a possible from everything I that might anoy or vex her. Nor do I thilk she 'isworried, but rfear she is very deli cate." And so saying, he laid his head on the table on his folded hands, and his whole frame shook onvula~vely. Elvira got up and went to him. "Good old Clement," she said, "don'ttake on; we must cheer up Gertie, and she will be all right. She can't go on fretting if there is nothing tofret about." He did not look up, but he took one of his hands from under his head and held it out to Elvira. " If ever anything should happen to me you willbe good to my Gertie, you and Miles Berkeley; oh, Elvira 1" She did not answer for a moment. The coupling of her name with that of Sir Miles SBerkeley startled her, but she pressed Sir Clement's extended hand. Then she tried to toss the subject from her. " Why do you talk like that to frighten one. Nothing is the matter with you. It is Gertrude who is in danger, not you." "We never know where danger lies," he answered. " Only promise me you will look after Gertrude." " Of course I will, but for goodness sake don't let us have any more dismal conversa tion to- night. We talk about horrors until we imagine they really exist." " .es," said Lady e.rcia, rising. "Let us go to bed, and get up in the morning prepared to enjoy this delightful place." And so they left him, both thinking they had discovered where the mischief lay. Sir Clement had some mortal malady, and Lady Gertrude knew or guessed of it. Ay, so he had, but not of the sort they ano pected. If Singleton followed him up and chattered out the most ghastly past, there would be nothing for it but suicide. Was that to be the end ? he wondered. And how selfish an end I Was he to die for his own selfish pleasure as he had lived, leaving Lady Gertrude all alone to bear the brnnt of the revelations that would be made ? Danger for Gertrude. What did Elvira mean bydanger to Gertrude? Did she think she was going to die His Gertrude to be taken from him, as the child had been, as everything he loved in life would be taken in punishment for his sin. With Gertrude's death the avenging angel must stay his hand, as, come weal or woe, it would be all the same to him then- Singleton might say his say, the law might do its worst. When morning dawnod Clement Dunraven was still sitting there thiching out the pro blem of the future; nor was he aroused from the miserable contemplation of what might one day happen, untilLady Gertrude herself, ina long, white, trailing gown, stood on the threshold of the door, so startling him by her spectre-line appearance, that the strong man cried aloud in fear. CHAPTER XXXI.--Ax L'mcRALE MarADr? " Hotel dn Pare, Wiesbaden. Dear Sir Miles, A letter from me will, I imagine, be very unexpected by you, but as I told you before, woman's moods vary. Ard a still greater surprise awaits you, since I say, 'Do come here at once.' I shall bavery much relieved to see you again, my old friend; and so will Lady Marcia. It is not for our selfish pleasure that I am asking you to take this long journey, but because we both think that your presence here will be of real benefit to Clement Dunraven, who seems to me to be ready to commit an awful act from sheer des. pair. He has taken to a beard, which is never combed or trimmed, dresses in a slovenly fashion, wears whimsical Tyrolean hais, and is altocether as unlike the trim highly-civilised specimen of masculinity we used to know, as a man can possibly be. No one wouldrecognise him, and I cannot help thinking that be is going out of his mind. As forLady Gertrude, she gets weaker and more inert every day. If this state of affairs goes on, she cannot live long, and the worse she looks the madder Clement becomes. Lady Marcia and I are having a real had time of it, and I can think of no alternative but to ask you to come. It does not sound complimen tary, and yet it is-for if I did notregard you as a true friend, I bhould not turn to you in trouble. So please come and be kind. I will be niceto you, indeed I will, but do not try to bind me by nasty promises which may be hard to keep. Lady Marcia sends you no end of messages. The Dunravens do not know I am writing. " Ever.your loyal friend, \- Elvlrro D.1o.*" Sir Miles was sitting in the Snuggery library when this slapdash, wayward com munication was given to him. He had just been wondering why he had not heard from Sir Clement, and was considering whether it would be wise to start off to Wiesbaden and see what was going on. The thermometer of his spirits rose many degrees when he saw Elvira's writing, but it fell again somewhat when he read the letter. He loved Elvira as he would never love another woman, and was prepared to woo her persistently ; still, he felt he was avery long way from having won her, since he was compelled to own that Elvira was quite capable of sending to him as a friend, and yet, having used his services, of dismissing him as a lover. However, here was a point gained. He would be near her, he would see her every day, and do her bidding in everything. It would be strange if-fortune favoring him -he did not conquer her in the end. Would Sir Miles have cared as much for Elvira Delane if she had been more easily subjugated? Probably not; most men love the difficult. After a few minutes he sot up and rang the bell, taking himself meanwhile severely to task for having forgotten his friend Dun. raven, and the lamentable condition in which Miss Delane described him to be. When the servant entered he was desired to tell Mrs Be:t to pack SirMiles's things, as he was going abroad for a few weeks. Sir Miles had never indulged m the luxury of a valet. Since childhood faithful old Bett had waited on him, and as long as she was able to do so, he would, he said, have no one else. The servant merely asked when Sir Miles intended to start, andbeing told by the four o'clock train, and that he would take the night express from Victoria, the prepara tions, so far as Sir Miles was personally con cerned, were at an end. IMrs Bett would not let "her boy," as she still called him to herself, go without every thing that he could possibly require, es pecially as she had a shrewd supicion that he would not be very long before he joined Miss Delane. Old Bett might not, perhaps, have been quite so much elated over his departure had she known thatas soon as be had given his order he betook himself to Lisbeth's cottage to say a few words of farewell, and tell her some of the contents of his letter. As usual, he found her busy in her little kitchen. Since the Dunravens left, now nearly six weeks ago, Lisbeth had felt calmer and less worried, and her domestic duties had received her undivided attention, the monotonousroutine of her &oeryday; life being. onlyoccasonalby inierupted by salls from Dr Watson, who never made any charge for visiting the patients under Lisbeth's care, and threfore considered he had a perfet right to come and look after them as often as he pleased. He never yet said a word to Lisbeth that demanded yes or no for an answer; there was always something in her manner that re- ] pelled him wheneverhe arrived with the fnil intentionof speakingout, and he went on t living from time to time-very much like Sir Miles-on hope. Lisbeth had begnu almost to dread the good little doctor's visits, and when sheheard a man's step coming through the wilderness at the back of the cottage she trembled. Great was her delight, then, to find that the < visitor was only Sir Miles Berkeley. STruly glad was she to hear that he was i going to start for Wicsbaden, for the state of misery existing there was no secret to LTis beth, who had had several letters from a Clement Dnuraven. They sat for a long time talkine, and Lisbeth learned, if she had not guessed it before, the secret of Sir Miles's 1 love for Elvira Delane; and she was so sym pathetic in the matter, that Sir Milea re gretted that he had not made a confidante of a her earlier. ' I He would have sat there discoursing on t Mies Elvira Delane for hours, had not the a grandfather's clock in the corner reminded him that he must be getting back to the Snnggery if he intended to catch the four 1 o'clock train. " i Jim Glendinning was, as usual, sittingin theporch. He would just saw a word to him and be off. Sir Miles and Lisbeth had been too much ; taken up with their own conversation to see that Glendinning had already got a com panion, and they were, therefore, not a little 0 surprised to find him talking to Dr Watson. a Whether Sir Miles's visit to Lisbeth that I1 day was to her advantage or disadvantage, f he-totally unconscious of what was going a Son-did not consider, but it had the effect of c making the little doctor silent for many a mionth to come, and for that Liabeth would have bleamed Miles Berkeley if she had no Sother cause to be grateful to him. s When he reached the Snoggery he found, as he had expected, everything prepared, even the " trap ' at the door to take him to m the station. Arrived in London, he sent a "wire" to Elvira in answer to her letter. "Starting to-night. Travelling straight a through." > The promptness with which he obeyed her summons pleased this exigeant little lady as much as his previous silence had done, of I which, truth to tell, she had been growing rather weary. a It was evident that Sir Miles Berkeley was i exhibiting an amount of tact in connection r with this love affair that none of his intimates would have given him credit for. Nor, had the matter been thoroughly sifted, could his present behavior be exactly called tact. He I was merely simple, natural and earnest, and simplicity and honesty were apparently i destined to win the day; forElvira-without lady Marcia; to whom she had not confided her intention, but only accompanied by her maid-was at the station to meet him. She received him, too, quite warmly. "So good of you to come at once. I am a lucky girl to have so true a friend. I am afraid you must be terribly tired. We have engaged a room for you at our hotel. Only Lady M arcia knew you were coming; we have not told the Dunravens. Yes, go in the cab with tho luggage. I will walk back with the maid; it is not far." Tired, how could he be tired when a walk with Elvira was in the question. "No, I have had quite enough of stuffy I carriages. I shall prefer to walk. It will refresh me." S" And perhaps they will drive the luggage I to Frankfort, and you will have it all stolen." E He laughed, and said he believed in Ger man honesty, and the end of the discussion was that the maid went with the luggage, and Sir Miles walked with Elvira. Hlow I happy they both felt. Ay, both; until I Elvira saw Sir Miles again after an absence I of some four months, she did not know how really glad she would feel when she looked into his honest eyes, and what a privilege it was for a woman to be loved by such a loyal, I really good fellow. A qualm of conscience I ought to have reminded her that she hadbeen playing a little bit fast and loose with him, but she was too light-hearted to do otherwise than assure herself that it was most beneficial to a man first to be proved whether he were worthy or unworthy; and, as she supposed she would have to marry him in the end, what mattered a little torture, since it would conduce to happiness hereafter. That Elvira could have worked out this reasoning to her own satisfaction, or that of anyone else, is doubtful. Anyway she did not try, she merely enjoyed the possession of this man's devotion, and decided to go on for a while on the plan which had hitherto been so successful. Of course, under the circumstances that had called Sir Miles to Wiesbaden they could not devote their thoughts and conversation solely to their own affairs, nor did Elvira wish that it should be so. She was very thankful to have the mutually interesting topic of the Dunravene to prevent Sir Miles from being too direct in his attentions to herself. And in ecod sooth he was not shamming an interest that he did not feel;. he was so exceedingly sympathetic about his friend's trouble that his own happiness at finding himself by Elvira's side was considerably dashed. "Do you really think that Dunraven is going off his head P" he asked. "I don't know what to think. He talks rationally enough, but his appearance is so changed you will scarcely know him. He has made a pefect mountebank of himself." "What does Lady Gertrude say about it i" "Poor Gertrude! She is so ill, she says very little. I do not think she notices much -she seems to get worse and worse every day." " Ah, if that poor little boy had not died." "I do not think it is altogether the boy's death that is fretting Gertrude. I am sure there is something wrong about Sir Clement and she knows it. Lady Marcia and I fancy, perhaps, he has got some incurable malady." This was anew lightito Sir Miles Berkeley, and one which he was not altogether inclined to accept. He had seen for some time past that trouble was hanging over the friend of his boyhood, but he did noc think it was in the form of an incurable malady. However, of course, he could not tell what might have developed since they parted. He must reserve his opinion. Lady Marcia for once in her life bad managed to put a check on her chattering proclivities, and had not said 'a word about the coming of Sir Miles Berkeley. Great then, was the surprise when, accompanied by Elvira, he walked into the joint sittingroom of the little party. Even Lady Gertrude, who was lying on the sofa, roused herself as she very seldom did now, and welcomed him with exceeding cordiality. But, prepared though he had been by Elvira, Sir Miles was aghast at what he saw. Perhaps he had thought that her illness had been somewhat exaggerated, and found to his regret that this was not the case. The appearance of his friend, too, gave him cause for very grave apprehension. As Elvira had said " Where was the smart, well-got-unp Sir Clement Dunraven, who had until now been in his dress and appointment a typical Eng lish gentleman "?' No ; Sir Miles would not have known him had he met him unexpectedly. As for the beard, it had grown so quickly and so grotesquely that there was reason for shrewd suspicion that it was not altogether real. Sir Miles looked at Sir Clement so keenly that the wretched man colored beneath his gaze, and devoutly wished that Miles Berkeley had stayed at the Snuggery, since he was much more likely than the ladies to interfere with the masquerading which was the outcome of Sir Clement's constant fear lest he should meet the Rev. Abel Single tot. That his brain, not his body, was affected with some perchance incurable malady was the decision at which Sir h:iles arrivea during the first half hour hewas in that room. And he was not very far wrong. What man can suffer so intensely or ceaselessly from the pangs of remorse as did Clement Dunraven without the brain becoming more or less affected ' Nevertheless, Sir Clement was perfectly sane on all subjects that had no reference to that insupportable dread of discovery which was making his life a burden to him. Above all, he was very sane in his strong objection to the way in which he considered that Elvira was playing with "that good fellow, lerkeley." Natunally he supposed that Sir Miles had come to Wiesbaden solely on Elvira's as count. He neversuspected that he had been made the exonse for his coming. He would persistently have pooh-poohed such a eng gestion, and he would have been fairly right. If Elvira had not wanted Sir Mles, ry ?redly ahe w?ol ,m had s at ra or (TO Bn CORTIcOED.l 