HER SELE-DENIAL. [A COMPLETE STORY.] ? CHAPTER:!. "REALLY, Miss Jardine, you aint got any kind of tact with the poor chdd. He's as good as gold when Pamela ;is by. But you've ho notion bf man agin' him, and you're that inconsider- ate pf' his little ways that-John Jeremiah !" ?-?.-?-< ?- , , Tho shrill Yankee voice was raised . into a scream of dismay and anger to reach the other end of the long dining room bf the Hotel de Bretagne, in which the speaker stood scolding her govex-ness. ? "John Jeremiah, got off that table this instant, I say ! you've eaten enough food already to bo ill for a week, and you so bad yesterday with all those sweets. Git down, you naughty' boy," and Mrs. John J. Spragge, of Chicago, made a dart down the room to, the farther end of theJong table, set for dejeuner, which was - being pillaged by her son and heir, agett ten, wno had taken advan- tage of Miss Jardine " catching it" to stuff his pockets with the fruit in the dishes. ' . T ? ; ? ; ? ? ; -, I " What is the matter, ma ?" asked Pamela, entering with languid grace. She spoke with a^ decided Yankee drawl, hut she- might have bebu Diana herself as she appeared in the , days, when tho earth, was young to the eyes of men. "1 g^uess he has been up to some mischief," she went on calmly. " What's he been up to how, ma?" ; Her; riiother loplied at her with mingled respect and half-reproachful admiration.' -i-.i'.n ????? ;.:<..'. jw: " The poor child only wanted some plums, and --You just go right away and see that hes all.right," turning sharply to Miss Jardine ; "and Ido think you might try and manage him a little better." " Nonsense, ma," said Miss Pamela Spraggo, calmly ; " he's the tiresomèst little imp I've ever seen. and its about time he was made to mind somebody. He wants to be cuffed now and'then, and I wonder Miss Jardine, don't do it when your back is turned. I would -if I didn't like to" do it before your face." Mrs. J. J. Spragges facei was a study as shestood struggling between anger at the very thought of the hapless governess perpetrating such : an enormity and the -half-admiringi half-awed obedience she yielded in all matters to her calm-willed, beautiful daughter, who had ruled her eyer since she could walk. v < ; She was further vaguely discom- fited by a soft laugh from the gover- ness in question, as if tho .idea ¡of ' cuffing the !sacred person ; bf . John Jéremiah had awakened an inteiisb amusement rather .' than : humble horror in her mind. ; - ? j ? " I'm just sure I don't know what I keep you for Miss Jardine," she said. " You aint no manner of use to nie, as I see, and I'm-sure that dear John Jeremiah hasn't learned----v . . - " Maj don't ; talk so loudly, and there's Lord Acres outside," inteiv posed the calm and beautiful Pamela turning in"the direction ot' the door- way, on' the' threshold of which (at that moment appeared a slight, trim looking young man of rather effemi- nate appearance. " There ho is," all in tho same tone, as if this exhibition of loud vulgarity and potty insolence : on her mot ber's part before her fasti- dious patrician lover in no way dis- concerted her. " Cyril !" as he seemed to hesitate for a second on the thres- hold with something' blank on his facei which' shé'tóbk for allocked dis approval, " como in.' : ?-.< ? "It is about time you made »the . acquaintance of,my mother, I think," with.a slight laugh. It was difficult to say in what it lay; but as she spoke there was something in her tone or manner which gave her a little touch of quiet pride and added inestimably to her charm and grace. The heiress of the self-made millionaires was lost in the dignity of the woman and daughter who was neither ashamed for herself nor for her parents, though her lover could trace his noble ancestry buck to the Conquest. \- Perhaps he felt it, and it reassured him, for he came forward more quickly and took the outstretched .' hand of his future mother-in-law, whose ruffled feelings subsided under this new excitement. . ~ This,was the first time she had seen lier daughter's affianced husband. They had .become engaged a week ago at an English country house where Pamela and'ho were staying. Pamela, had come over to her mother at Dinan, two days after the engagement, and Lord Acres was to join them a day or two later. Ile had arrived a day earlier than he was expected, and Pamela, coming down into the hall of the. hotel a few moments before, just when tho storm .in the dining room was at its height, had found him there. She hud only time to shake hands, and then had gone to the rescue of her mother, and had caught John Jeremiah in his flight. Miss Jardine had of course heard of the engagement. Mrs. J. J. Spragge had . been far too proud and elated over it to keep it to herself ; every one in the hotel had heard that " my daughter" was betrothed to an Eng- lish nobleman. Miss Jardine was apparently very weary of the subject, for she turned aside, with the faintest suspicion of disdain on her still pale face, as Lord Acres was introduced to Mrs. J. J. Spragge, and moved toward the door., Pamela stopped her. "I want to introduce Lord Acres to you, Miss Jardine," she said. "Iguess you two will like each other ; she's real nice," with a bright laugh, turn- ing to her lover, "and-well,' in the same light tone to Miss Jardine, but with some thing, tender, like the Eassing of an angel's winç, shadowing er eyes, " he is rather nice, too." Miss Jardine and Lord Acres bowed to each other, Miss Jardine's gray eyes resting quietly for a second on tho sunburnt face of the young man, who turned back, the instant he had acknowledged . the. _ introduction, to Mrs. J. JJ Spragge, while' Miss Jardine, with a smile .at Pamela, left the room. *' ; ..? "Whatever possesed you to intro- duce'those two like that, Pamela?" asked her mother, disturbed-4 and vexed, as later on she talked ovèr her future son-in- law With her daughter. "He didrit like it, I think.- .He thought likely enough, that you were, mocking him'; they are, so easily ruffled up, men are. I saw him bite his lips under that dandy little moustache of his, and. the back of his neck went quito red under'the sun-brown. ' Besides Pamela* she is only your brother's--" ...... j' " She's much better born than we are, ma," said the beautif ul Pamelá, carelessly. Her people were once his equals, only they got poor and emigrated; and Cyril isn't that sort. He thinks a lot of himself, but isn't mean like ., that. I shouldn't have taken him if he were." "Well, I don't like that Prue Jar- dine myself, and what all the men seem to see in her I can't make out. She hasn't a quarter of your beauty." "But a1 man would go on caring for. her long after he had tired bf me," said Pamela languidly. " A man who had once loved her would love her to the end." < < f .Y' " Nonsense, Pam," said her mother, in her . indignation dropping j into the old familiar, appellation., pf.. the days < before they had risen into fashionable society. > " I guess it isn't nonsense, ma," said Pamela, walking to the win- dows and looking across the great place, upon which the Hotel do Bre- tagne faced. -,.:: . ,". . ! : The sunshine of a perfect autumn' afternoon flooded it, and through the golden . light stirred "the pulses of uman lire. _ There a squad bf sol- diers marching at ease back to'bar- racks,' their .roving eyes glancing roguishly at the girls as they^ tripped across" tho square with their white ' " bonnets " arid big market^ baskets on their ; arms. There a group of little brown-faced French children in their blouses, with their close cropped heads ; pretty English girls ; tourists gazing about them ¿ with' their Baedeker, passing, and repav- ing; a smiling, .'busy, , chattering human crowd, with its setting lof quaint old world houses. ;'[ ?>' ! And as Pamela; gazed but uppn| it her unimaginative mind was kindled by the strange new-fire that had given lifo .to, her heart and soul, and she thought^ though men came and went; . and laughed. and loved and died, that love, like the sunshine; lived on' always, kindling into golden light thelives,, of .'thosepassing to and fro in the old place to-day, as it had done those of that day long ago when French and English had met and fought together m the quaint old town. ' n ¡ u .-../ . . CHAPTER II. :??..) "It is enough to make a man mad to see it. How can you put'up with it, Miss Jardine ?" ¡ ,.'? .'.; ' ! There was a faint hesitation before the name, as if ,some, other, name had nearly slipped out. Lord'Acres and Prue Jardine were walking side by side on < the : old' walls under the shadow of the trees. ? . . . > . Prue walked on with a faintly set look in her face.. .This interview would have to take place some time or another; and it was best to i have it over. The strain of avoiding ¡it was too great. , She. braced herself up to it now to face it" as she would have faced the surgeon's knife; < ..... The last time Cyril Grant; as he was called then, andi she had talked alone together had been under the starlight among tho red woods at tho back of a Californian store. Then he had told her how he, who had lived for the last year under her father's roof, sharing ? their toils, their anxieties, and the plea- sures that had1 come even into their hard-pressed lives, had- that day heard he had come into an English earldom. The news had been so unexpected that he had, before, it came, made up his mind to settle down for good in that part of the world., But. all the vague,. sweet understanding which had sprung up between' them had suddenly- endea that night under the starlight, when he told her bf the changé that had come into his lifo. : At - the break of next day he had gone away, and from that day to this they had neither seen nor heard anything of each other. The parting took place throe years ago. Some months after Acres' depar- ture Prue's father had died. Prue, left quite alone in the world, had ;takon tho/post of governess to'the son of the millionaire, and , had = lived with- them " ever 'since-why,"br how, few. people, could understand.- 1 It passed the comprehension of Acres. He remembered nor as a starry-eyed, high-spirited, laughing girl, and her submission to her present conditions of life was inexplicable. " How can you put up with the tempers and cranks of that old-." Then he suddenly remembered that j the old woman in question was to be his mother-in-law. Prue, knowing perfectly what he had been on the point of saying, and understanding far better than even Pamela did how his fastidious refine- ment, natural and inherited, must be jarred upon by his future relation's vulgarity and ostentation, went on quietly: . , . "I do not mind it. I stay because of Pamela. She is as\ sweet-hearted as she is lovely." "Yes," he said, his eyes still dark with the perplexity or finding her here. "I say,' he said, with a sudden laugh, " do 3fou ever remember, the old days, and want to go a-visiting, back "to Grigsby's Station? I do, sometimes. By George, how queer and odd it all seemed ! ' with another laugh, which had a notéof bitterness in it. . " It was quite a time before I f'ot used to' having my; boots cleaned or me, and when I see the girls rid- ing in .the park or taking the fences across country I remember how you and I used to ride through the red woods, and how sweetly the pines used to smell. And do you remem- ber the azalea. bush just at the back bf the store, and the sleighing-vin winter, and-" He stopped short, drawing himself up stiffly and biting his lips under his moustache. ,. . ;? ?>?? -??".Yea; I remember it all," she said steadily.. , ' ..' . ; The short autumn afternoon was closing in; the,.golden lights had faded, and white fairy-like mists were beginning to rise from the gardens that. had once been deep moats, and crept like pale ghosts of those old-dead days about the; trees and bushes, as if they , had stolen back to look once more^ on the grim and frowning walls which had once shut in the quaint, beautiful town, but which to-day wore so covered by creepers and ivy, so garlanded with flowers, so. picturesquely' broken by the houses, that had been built into their frowning gray strength that] a writer who loved it said that Dinari was like a young girl trying on a suit of old armour over her ball dress. ; Prue stopped as she spoke and looked about her. , There was not a soul in sight for tho moment. There was no , sound save the distant voices of some child- ren - in i the dusky ? valley. below, ánd the stir of the wind as it rustled the yellowing leaves of the trees over- head * and sent them drifting earth- ward. ? . "How chilly it is growing," she i said with a little shiver. " It is time ¡ I took John Jeremiah in. He has a bad cold already." : > . . . ' . But John Jeremiah's cold did not arouse any interest or anxiety in the heart of Acres. He stood pulling restlessly at tho leaves of ono of the shrubs that fringed the old fosse, looking down into her pale face with contracted brows,<and; as he looked tho spell of her presence fell on him again, and he forgot' everything except that she was to him the sweetest'woman his heart had ever known. He had striven hard to forgot her, but as Pamela had said, she was one of those-women whom no man, ?? having loved, could ever forget. Though the old, bright pret- tiness had faded, the gray, black fringed eyes were the same, and.if tho lins had paled a little, tho sweot lovableness was still there, and their gravity suddenly stirred him as even their mocking, mischievous laughter had never done. . . " Prue," he said sharply, " why did you never answer my; letter? Ah, heavens ! How I waited, day; after day, month after'month ! - And-r-I had been such a fool, vi had actually dared to hope when I left America that I might win you for my wife. But I think you might have sent me aline, just ono line;to say youiwere sorry. It .would not. have made;it any, easier to bear, perhaps, but¡it would have íbeen'a little less rough' on rae. , And I loved you so !" under his'breath.: ./ uvi1 ? " What letter, Cyril ?" She did not know 'that: she was using i the void familiar1 name. " I "never had any letter," going on in a still, dull tone, as she suddenly knew perfectly .well what had been. "Ithought you had gone away and forgotten, that was all." ,.. ,. There was a dead pause. Only the wind rustled a -little louder-and moro fretfully.in the trees overhead, and one of the yellow loaves flut- tered down on Prue's shoulder." "You never got my letter asking you to be my wife ?. And it did not come back, so-1 thought you" had received it. And then I met John Grey in London ono day, and he told me you were: engaged to that Hill fellow, whom I always used to hate;" ." I never, had a' letter, and it was all a-". ? .'.?.:?'.. :.< i ? ? ?. .- < " Lie ! Curse v him ! Grey had sworn ¡to be even'with me, because of that row wo had about the tenderfoot he, was swindling,' Prue ! Prue! Oh! And I- still lovo you, Prue !'r as he read something in -her face that' made it as pale as- tho' ghostly mist stealing about them; " And,you did care for me after'all, my darling ?" Her hands wont out to his, then fell to her side as she. remembered. "Pamela,", she cried., "Oh, how could we forget Pamela?" 