Cmm&s..; Severe frosts. - Mr. Souter will address the electors iu the Town Hall on Monday night. . Colonel and Mrs, Dowdle visit Glen Innea next xnursday. . Sir George Dibbs' unification proposals approved of by Premier Patterson. . : New South Wales, and Victoria may yet enter into Government partnership. Bertraxd has arrived in Melbourne, and will settle iu Victoria. The bottom has fallen out of the Mount Huxloy fizzle. : . A conflict hetwocn the Senate and the House- of Representatives is feared on the wool question in America. - - , - . , - ... . Mr. F. A. Wright cannot reach Glen Innes till the 9th July. He will then remain till the election is over. In 22 years £339,725,000 of outside capital has been introduced into Australia. Legislators at Iowa have passed a BUI prohibit ing artificial coloring of b.ittcr or cheese. Parents buy Mother Graves' Worm Extermina tor because they know it is a safe medicine ior their children and an effectual expeller of worms. A solid sUvcr bath, worth £1000, was a bride groom's gift to his bride at a recent American so ciety wedding. - The curse of Labor po'itics in Australia is that there are too many persons eager to earn their bread by the sweat ot their chins. The advent of short skirts has brought to the fore stockings of the most elaborate designs in Eng land. Says the Mundooran paper Shearers are 011 the gui vice for stands at sheds this season, and the supply again promises to exceed the demand. A revolution has broken out in New Zealand. Mr. Stout is leading the Government forces, and a man named Seddon is iu charge of the rebels. " A constable up Gundagai way rode 40 miles to deliver to a working- man ulector his elector's right. The enfranchised boor refused to receive it because it was Sunday. Where can I get some of Holloway's Corn Curo 1 I waa entirely cured of niy corns by this remedy ann r wisn sonic more 01 u ior my menus, on writes Mr. J. W. Brown, Chicago. Cato, labor candidate for tho Fitzroy division of Sydney at the coming elections, was once a profes sional snake charmer aud general mountebank in a circus. Hoopla ! With some of the modern guns a 1001b. projec tile, which will carry four miles, can be fired with such rapidity that four of them may be iu the air 'at the same time. A ghost is making periodical appearances at Ash- burton. The other night a lad was. assaulted by a figure in whito, aud. lay unconscious for a consider able time. The great clock of Rouen, Franco, has been grind ing out time aud striking the hours, and quartern for over 500 years, running all this - time - without interruption. - . . A globe of water fell near London in 1616, strik- .ing.a gentleman sitting on his own verandah and completely drenching him. It. is known in history as the "water meteor." I IW IM M ll.-WL-tHlK.V IH awn u M' Hfll " At Orange on Tuesday Sir Henry Parkes said that the rush of candidates for Parliament reminded him; of a number of dogs trying to get at one bone, and- usually the boue went to the most unscrupulous- dog. : : : ' 'I . Edmund Burke called the National Assembly which preceded the French Revolution " the ablest architects/of riiiu the world ever saw." Of course, he did not live to see the latest leaders of Austra lian labor. In 1853, through the heavy cost of carriage, chaff which cost £4 per. ton iu Maitlaud, was hriuging £23 per ton in Sydney ; and, while the Maitian- ders had their coal delivered at 3s and 4s per ton,, the Sydney folk had to pay £5. ' A sAarp shock of earthquake travelling south east to north-west, was felt at Port Darwin on Sun day evening. It wa9 accompanied with a strange rumbling-noise, and all the stone buildings in town were severely shakon. It- lasted 1 iniBute! and a \- quarter. " ! A terrible disaster to a picnic party is reported from Samaria in Russia. A party of 7.0- youths aud girls went out on the Volga River -in a 'leaky ferry boat, which became waterlogged and finally cap sized in midstream. Forty-five of the party were drowned after a scene of struggling in tho water which is described as horrible. A tragedy of a most shocking- character has been' enacted at Pcckham, Eng. A shoemaker and his. wife were on a drinking bout together at a . public: 7 house, and were both under the influence of drink„ when a quarrel ar03s. - Tlie-cohbler, -who is a crip ple, drew a shoemaker's knife on his wife and. plun ged it into her body. The weapdn pierbed the wo-- man's heart. The husband was arrested. A man named Hugh M'lvor, re3idine at Barra- port, Va., was blowing out a kerosene lamp on. Monday week when it exploded. M'Lvor was se verely burnt, and the house and its contents; which, were insured only for a trifle, were: destroyed., M'lvor was brought into Boort, where he died next- night from the effects of the barns. At a trial of a five furrow plough, made by Mr. H, Lennon, of Spottiswoods, Va., at Mr. A. Cook's farm, Epsom Downs, a fairiy representative gather ing of farmers expressed themselves well pleased with the working of the plough, which was drawn by four horses, and could work eight acres ot land in eight hours. N. M'Rae, Wyebridee, writes: " I have sold large quantities of Canadian Healing Oil; it is used- for colds, sore throat, croup, etc., and, in fact, for any affection of the throat it works like magic. It is a sure cure for burns, wounds aud bruises." 