TsTEIEDiLiES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Canned Goods. English: Miss—"And what do yon do with all the beef from those herds of cattle?" American Cousin—"Oh! we eat all we oan, and can all we can't." Warm. Cyclorama. A fall in silver. Burnt to death. '' A peculiar case. "Continentals." " The Squatter." Napoleon's ghost. Eire at the Burra. Juvenile offenders. A travelling child. London wool sales. A big undertaking. Eorgery in Sydney. A split in the Lords. Phylloxera in Victoria. Roman banking frauds. A new goldfield opened. Races at Carrieton to-day. • •>, Work for the cyanide plant. An important municipal case. " Government in the people." Eurther annexation by France. A big booking by the Himalaya. America declines to annex Hawaii. Retrenchment in New South Wales. Eire in a Melbourne boarding-honse. An Alpine mountain to be tunnelled. A dreary blank at the Theatre RoyaL Police threatened by London unemployed. A bookmaker accused of striking a woman. The unemployed appealing to the churches. Smoke and musioatthe Albert Hall to-night. Young Patriots will be in strong force to night. Farther reductions in salaries in New South Wales. ' The Cyclorama still drawing crowded houses. Rotunda concert at the Semaphore this evening. Canada is discontinuing State aid to emi gration. 1 . The New South Wales Government again attacked. No New South Wales military encampment this year. Mr. John Howell does not contemplate resigning. Go and see the laughing waters play at the Cyclorama. A man burnt to death in a Melbourne lodging-house. Young S,A. Patriotic Association smoke social to-nighs. An attractive programme for Saturday's "Continental." Mr. Mortimer Menpes, the Australian artist, has been very ill. A New South Wales land agent committed for trial for forgery. The Chief Secretary returned from Mel bourne this morning. A commercial treaty entered into between Russia and Germany. The Queensland Deposit Bank unable to meet its iirat payment. The " much-travelled" Smythe is recovering from his serious illness. The railway revenue for the week ending February 3 was £21,763. The French have extended their territory on the Gold Coast of Africa. A banker in Rome sentenced to 20 years' penal servitude for fraud. The. principals of the "Victorian Agricultural College have been dismissed. i Sir John Downer will speak on "Govern ment and the people" to-night. A collision between two racehorse3 occurred on the Old Course on Saturday. j The military encampment in New South j Wales estimated to cost £33,000. The Cape Colony Government have secured a majority in the recent elections. Commercial travellers will spend a musical evening at their club rooms to- night. The latest quotation for Indian rupee paper is the lowest since the mutiny in 1857. The members of the Boys' Field Club should have a jolly outing at Noarlunga. An original Australian drama will be pro" duced at the Bijou Theatre on Monday week. The Boys' Field Club are going to have their annual camp at Port Noarlunga this year. It is on the cards that Mr. Howell will be given assistance in the management of the big mine. The Premier unable to attend the Postal Conference on account of the unemployed diffi culty. Mr. Mortimer Menpes has been obliged to postpone bis Australian expedition owiDg to illness. The students' exhibition at the School of Design and Painting i3 attracting considerable notice. Sir Edwin Smith has again contributed largely to the charitable institutions of his native town. The mayor of the Semaphore is supplying a musical entertainment at the local rotunda this evening. The Walsall papers congratulate Adelaide upon possessing such a publio- epirited citizen as Sir Edwin Smith. The Minister of Education will represent South Aushralia at the Postal Conference to be held in New Zealand. The rumored resignation of Mr. John Howell as manager of the Proprietary mine is authoritatively denied. During some excavations at Ramsgate a skeleton, to all appearances that of an Anglo Saxon chief, was discovered. Mr. John Howell says he does not contem plate resigning his position as manager of the Broken Hill Proprietary mine. The Marquis of Salisbury wants to dis franchise laborers who have compounded with their landlords for the payment of their rates. An Austrian has invented a machine which is said to solve the problem of aerial naviga tion. The sails are to be worked by steam and the progression of the machine will be on the same principle as the flight of a bee. A circular has been issued by the British Medical Association appealing to ministers of all denominations to memorialise the House of Commons in favor of the compulsory detention of inebriates in curative institutions. Husband (on the way home from church) " You seemed unusually thoughtful during the sermon, my dear; I was impressed too; there seemed to be something genuine about it." Wife—" Well, there isn't. I'm perfectly sure it's only seal plush, for all Mrs. Veneer gives herself such airs over it." Au attempt to poison an actress by sending her a bouquet of roses steeped in strychnine is reported from New York. She was known to be in the habit of chewing the rose petals. On putting some from the poisoned bouquet into her mouth she noticed a bitter baste, which aroused her suspicions and saved her life. The German Emporor, addressing some recruits, said—"I require Christian soldiers who say . their Lord's Prayer. The soldier should not have a will of his own, but all of you should have one will and tha t is my will. There eviats only one lawaud that is iny law. And now »o and do your duty,aud beciwdtenb to yoa£«a3*QaEr,'* 