MiELBOURIINE. (F"oos ourai owv tt oIstro.DENrci.) October. 2 1. Tihe exposures of fraud and inupostarl- in connection with spiritualiin have been so nllumerolus, so sustainedl over a long rourso of years, tih.t it is perfectly amzinng that fools can he found to cr u loenancir mnuclh less" believe in such trashi. I am aware that ianny educated persons of both sexes are converts to the belief that spirits can hbe raised at will by certain gifted persons, who call themnselres "medilums"-whatever that they moan bUt they believe simply because there ia within therin a strong desire to believe: That desire-the inirbtil desire to believe -overcolnes the leaehings of caimnlnoU sense, and they readily lend themselves to be mandl dupes of, and tlme ibecome ilo ignorant accomplices as well as the- victims of imposture: The exposuro of this wretched affair reads almost like a romannce, and tihe farce would be langhable were it notLthat one is ahnost tempted to cry over it. It is so pathetic to reflect that in this enlightened age there are peiopl of-edlnzs tion whose superstition fairly entitles thlm to lhve held a lplace in the darkest period of what we call the dark ages. "More than forty years ago' George Cruikshank the iller completely and con clslively demolished the ghost theory. [In p its his argnment into it very few words, but his reasoning is so soundl and self evi dent that I defy any person, who is not a self deluded enthusiast, anxious and willing to be deceived, to remain a believer in this iniserable spirit-craft, ghsot-craft, or What over you like to call it. \VWe must first bear in mind that neither the old fashioned ghost nor the now fashioned spir:ts of the newly invented 'l"meilllus," over present theitl solves in a nude state. Porhaps it is he causeo the anliences ait tllese "i t-nces," are of both sexes, or Ilthe spirits are duly impressed with a sense of inodlesty, and hIve not forgotten the proprietries they observed in life, for there is one thing to be always noticed. They always man ago to pick up it scrap or two of clothing on their way from the kingdoin of Iades to this silly oll world of ours. Theyr appear, tile ol ghosts especially, ciul int garments of every day life. Sainto of thenm even sport walking sticks, and eye glasses. Somine have ovenl been known to carry wat. cites; whilst aIimnlt's father used to take tine trouble to buckle on his armour, when ever hI stirred abroad. Now George Cruikshank argnedr in this way :-AAtnitt ing the possibility of a ghost, or spirilt being able to reuslne tihe shape it wore in life,, conceding that it can make itself visible to the human eye, granting in fact' that there snuch things as ghosts andl that we can ?eu themn, I deny that there can hbe such things as ghosts of hats, colts, boots and walking sticks. Andl when yon apply tihe clothes tests to theeo ghost stories the whole thlng falls to pieces. If a spirit canll appear at all it lmust appear in its own iproper shape, and that would be a slate of nndity. Nobody believes there are ghosts of hors"e and dogs. Ito appearances of the lepartedl mannst depend ipon the intlnnortality of tihe soul. if, therefore, i dlog cannot reappeao.r because it is not inmmortal, still less can a coat, or a ihat. There cannot bu ghosts of oli clotoes. Any fool must kInow tll t. although I believe Cruikshank was tihe lirst to demolish the ghost theory witll whitt he called the "clothes" intpostures. Thei spirits have always a covering of somne kind, anti came out of ian earthly druper's or drcsmainler's shop. Another thing. If these modlern spirits were real. Why da they always appear in a darkened roran ? Why are thiey afraid of facing the light ? And why is it that someo convenient filend is placed in charge of the gas. Transpiarent as this Sydney impostute is: however, it is too nmuch to hope tlhat its effects will be parnmtnent. Tihe eyes of some niay tie opened, but others will refuso to believe the evidence of their senses. There have been such exposures before, but for all that the trade still thrives and no doubt it it pays well. But whenever one of these enthusiastic votaries begins to argue with youl, an I brings up "racts" in support of his or her creed, jnost knock that argpntmnt on the Ieuad with tihe "clothes teet." o e e From tie " immortality of mans" to the " mnnicipal enbsidy" is ia long drop, but I am led to it in order to say a good word for an old friend, Mr. P. D. Trencey. who was duricing twenty-four years seatching cleric in thie ofice of titles, .Melbourne. Mlr. Triacoy recently vollntari!y retired from the department, and lie is now in business in Oxford Cnhamtbers, Iloatrke-street, and his servicesate at tihe disposal of persons requiring carefli searches made. "As the lunlnicipal subsidy," lie points out in his circular, " will probably be rctduced, and perhaps reltimnately abolishlIl, it will be necessary for councils to ondeavour to recover all the outstanlding back rates front lands which have not contribnted ill tnhe past, anil to lmake themn rate prodacing in the futireo. . , The last registered owner under the general law cannot be given definitely. owing to breaks in thei registered chain of title, due to numerous causis, well-known to expert searchers. Such being the caise, it must be admittedn that many of tihe certificates iessued, are valneless and misleading. . . As therefore, somen competent person will be required to search tlore extensively andi conclinsively than is done at present, I respectively subllmit," etc. I know that whatever duties are entrnsted to Mr. Trecey, lieo will discharge thlorougily. We are, unfortunately, becoming so accustomed to executions in Melbourne, that, what Mr. Marshall Lyle calls a 'judi cial murder," does not attract much atten tion. The number of spectators present at the execution of Martha Needle, on Monday morning, was smaller than on any previous occasion, and the crowd outside the gaol was not large. Her case did not arouse any public sympathy, and apart from the movement made by the opponents of capital punishment, there was no attemtpt to obtain a reprieve. She certainly was an enigna, but it must be said that her conduct was consistent to the last. When the detectives arrested her she did not display any concern, and the same indifference marked her manner at the trial. She was cool on the scaffold, and faced death calmly. Only a couple of hours before the hangman put the rope round her neck, she requested that a breakfast of bacon and eggs should be prepared. Nice woman to be tnated to ? It is to be hoped there are no others of her class in the world. On Thursday afternoon Detective Ser geant Lomax ,of the Postal department, and Constable Cameron arreasted David Reville, postmaster at Alberton WVest, a married man, on a charge of embezzling about £23, the property of the department. Accuseed was brought up at the police court the following mot ning, and remanded for eight days. At the Port Albert Police Court on Thursitay a lad named Anderson, 16 years ofage, was committed for trialon a cargoe of criminally assaulting a little girl 1o years of age'. 