ST. TABELLE'S INN. i y Unole Bayle was a man whom ev I eryone loved and welcomed as a visitor. His home was not as ours was, in the little city.of Mirepoix, but in a grand chateau, with crimson roof and shutters, in the environs of Foix. A lawyer by profession and pressed with business, he 'never let a fortnight pass without corn uing to see our mother, and there were Smany of us to greet him, for UncleBayle. was the eldest of 13 children, all of them,. with one or two exceptions, living with their own or their children's children in -the' neighborhood' of 'the family home, my sister ~rnd myself in the homestead itself;, with our infirif Inut' pious and courageous inother, whom, as I told you' ''awhile ago, Uncle Biylecainb to see. " Uncle,' said Dorothy one: evening,. -the prettiest as well as the bravest of all, our cousins, ."tell usi ghost story, please. '.We have heard all the others." ' "One cold antumn'evening," said he, "siome :40 yea;s ago; I iwasretu'ini'i from Toulouse, where i had :eeni called on business. I, was triveliig fast and had, already' passed, Auterive, where some friends had urged me to stay the night, but I was: in a hurry to reach Saverdnn, three leagues farther on, and continued mey route. Just in front of the mora?stery of Bolbldnne, in the forest ofi Secourien, one of those furious tempests which spring, up in; the heart of the mountains without a moment's warning fell upon mee In less than no.time it" was as black as midnight and the road invisible. There Was nothing for it but to' turn"aboht and 'ask for shelier at .Bolbonne. In 'a little. while my horse stopped, and I sa? that ve were before' the door.of an inn. I entered.. The com pany was numerous and composed, of merchants, Spanish students' and the sportsmeni of the neighborhood,"?sur prised like miyself by the storm." "'Truly,' said one of the hunters, 'the' weather's devilish-a- regular witches' sabbat.' `" 'Pardon me,' cried a voice in a dis tant corner, 'witches and goblins hold sabbats on moonlight nights and not in. storms." "We all turned to see who had spoken and' saw that it w?as a:. Spanish mer chant. None of, us seemed dispiosed at first to answer a remark made withsuch solemn gravity. In fact, we were as si lent as owls until "suddenly my, neighbor on the right, a young man of 'frank and pleasing appearance, burst 'iit' a fit of laughter. . "'Really,' said he, indicating the mer chant Who had spoken last, 'it seems as if the gentleman understood the habits of goblins. Perhaps they've told you,' turning to him scornfully, 'how much they dislike to be wet and muddy!' "The Spaniard gave him' a terrible look. " You speak too lightly, young man, said lhe, 'far too lightly of things you know nothing about.' S" 'And yo would have me believe that ghosts exist? " 'Perhaps.' said the other; 'if you are brave enoughl to look andi see. Here's a purse,' he 'cobtinued, 'rising and ap proaching the table, 'containing 30 gold en quadruples. I wager them all that in an hour's time I call before you the face of any one of your friends, even if he has been dead a dozen years, whom you may name to me. Moreover, when you have recognized him, he shall ap proach, embrace and salute you with a kiss. Do you agree?' And as he asked the question the manner of the man was so impressive and stern that we invol-' Suntarily trembled. My neighbor only 'remained'unmoved.& "'And you can' do all that? he cried. "'Yes,' answered the Spaniard, 'and willingly part with my 30 quadruples beside, if I do not, provided you willlose a similar amount if I hold to my promise and'force you to believe.' The offer was at once accepted. " . "To guard against trickery, and decep tion, we decided to0use a'little pavilion situated inthe; outer 'garden, perfectly isolated and bare of, everything; but a chair and a table. , After assuring our 'selves that there were: no other: issues •than a door and a window, the student entered and, weleft liiii tohis fate, not, however, witho'utplacing beside him all" the iecessaary "ritinig imaterials and ex-' tinguishingthe lights.:. .. "When everything.was ready and we had arranged ourselves in acircle around the door, the, Spaniard,- who had waited in absolute silences till all was done, be-' gan to sing in a low,;sweetvoice; a verse, as near as' I canremember, running thus[ Witi; a crackig etnis the icofin bursis In the tomb,'deep, dark anld profound, And the phantiom white places his foot On the sell ot the cold, danip groundl "Then, elevating hiss voice, he called to tli student shut up within theipavil: S.Younlrnve toldme,' saidhe, 'thatyon desire :o have ia visit frohi the spirit of your' friend,"Francis caVialati drowvlved three years' ago w'hile crossing the 'feiry' nf Pensanol?s' 'a; Non' 'what'do' yenu I see not?ni~ 'replieid: the ?t?'denit;':. 'but stay!a white hiht h to lift itself yonder by ther 'vidow, 'foremless,' shifting and like a floatinig cloud' - 'BAfter- a moment's silence the Span-i lard begins to tieng again his voice deeper I and gloinier thiii bjeforeb: I :;Had fadelea tdit so t'efair, " - I: Wipedwith hiris shral dad?l his skeleton hand i:Thqe drps'fromhiss iles and hair." " "h'What do you see now,' he cries, 'you who wish to'sound the mysteries of tho tomb; what do you see now? "'Nothing,'replies the voice of the stu lent, calm and cool as ever. "'And you are not afraid? cries the Spaniard, his manner more scornful and insulting still. "'I am not afraid,' comes back the clear, bravo voice of the prisoner within, while we, standing on the outside and in sight of the infernal sorcerer's incanta tions, scarcely dare to look at each other, so great is our dismay and surprise. "'And the phantom said,' cries .the. Spaniard furiously: And the phantom said, coming out froee the. tomb, "'In order that he may know me in truth,.,,.. [ will go to my friend proud, smiling and sweet, As in the days of our first early youthl" . "And again, ceasing his song, he puts his terrible question: "'What do you see now?' "'The phantom advancing-ho raises the veil-it is Fraincis-Francis Viatal he approaches the' table-he writes-he; has written his name' But before he can say more the Span-, lard resumes, his voice wild and howling: And the phantom said to this mocking man. "Come thno at once and give to me Thy hand to my hand, thy heart to my heart And thy lips where I can kiss theel" " 'Are you afraid now? Are you afraid now?' he repeats, almost with` frenzy. A shuddering cry, dying awayin amoan,L is the student's only answer. :"'I warned him,' said the Spaniard harshly; 'I warned him howit would he. You see, messieurs,' turning to address us, 'that I have gained the wager.;".But let him keep the money. I am content with the lesson giveni him. ,.Hewill be wiser. in futnre.!'-: And.with a grave in-= ainmation he walked. away,', leavingusl thunderstri?ck at the dooi of the paviioni', behind'which the sound 'of 'iloons still continued.i . "At last we opened it to ind the sta-? dent writhing upon the floor, a paper: signed with the' name of Francis Viatal on the table beside him.: It was at least an hour before he" had recovered sufl? ciently to be alout again. Then, furious with rage at the treatment lie had re ceivedfronithe sorcerer, hoinsistedupon having him brought before him.' "But the merchant was noti to be found, either in or out of the inn. " 'But I will: find him,' cried the stn- dent,''and I'wiill kill him on the spot for the imnpious performanceiu which he has' made me assist.'" . "And; soon after, learning from the. stable boy that the merchant had sad died his horse himself and departed some time ago, he followed him, still swearing instant vengeance. "'We never sawhim-in fact, wenever, saw either of them again." "And yet, Uncle Bayle," said Dor-, othy breathlessly, "you can say there are no such things as ghosts or goblins" "More positively than ever," he re plied. 'lNeither the. Spanish merchantf nor the Toulouse student were ever seen again, as I tell you. No more were the 30 beautiful quadruples which I and the other guests of the inn had put together to make up the sum of the Spaniard's wager. The two rascals had carried them off between them, after playing be fore us a coniedy which we were simple tons enough to believe, but which I found very dear at the time, when I had considerably less money to spare than at present."-From the French. 