WAS, IT A GHOST THEY SAW, Mrs, H.H. Jonnings lives atNo. 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrott boards with her. The houseis an old one, but in good order, One night early-in December (1891) the wowomenloeked allthe doorsand wenttothe heatre, leaving not a soul in the house, They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour, At about half past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died outof them in a second- tight in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantio stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask5 his eyes gleaming through the oeyeholes in it. iias shirt sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carricd a long, old fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jenninge came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked, What was it the women saw? "During a recent period of ill health, writes an American friend, "I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two u'clock, I was suddenly aroilsed from a doze by what seemed like the calling of my name; and at the foot of the boed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as shewas leaving home to go on a journey, on which .Journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I soreamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to toll of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would nevwr got well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now, I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more that three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the noeves will play off on you when your system is out of. condition. An March, 180e, it was, that Mrs, Jane . Foster, of Darracott .Road, Pokoesdown, Bants, wrote us as follows : " I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in theroom with me, yot I did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 1880. :I slept very badly, and in the mornmng felt littleo the better,. for having gonoto be~ There was often a aevero pain i?7.yEhad and over my eyes, and I was.-il (Ot.f the time. My skin was dry and yellow,~'and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and bye I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was, I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach By this time T was nothing but skin and bone, My memory completely failed. Myv head ached so dreadfully I thought I ahould lose my osanses, and my friends p9rea1 that Z woeld anyQO get botter, ' I had given up all hope, when onoe dlay Mrs West of Bournomouth, called and aeked what I was taking. She told me she was horsolf once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Ssigel's CurativoSyrup. As sho soomod tohave so much faithl m this medicine, I tried it and in three days Iwas able to walk across the room, and by the end of the Weak I went down downstairs. Now I am as well as over. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs. roster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The originalceuse was grief and shook at the violent death of her hue band, by accident, and the system rallied only when the cyrup had given new vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the neroes. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgoport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset hy indigbstion an l dyspepsia,s Ghosts come from thi inside of the person who sees them, auud when Mother Soigol's Syrup does its work the eyes and the ears enter tain ouly what is natural and wholesome, 