Tlie Dubbo Shost Story. GREAT MYSTERY. MR. JACOB STEIN, one of the family at Coalbaggie, Uubbo, which has been troubled by the supernatural doings of an J invisible visitor, has been interviewed, and has made several more statements of wonderful occurrences in addition to those already published. The continua tions of the manifestations, to the great annoyance of the family, induced Mr. Jacob Stein, the eldest son, to visit Dubbo recently, with a,view to obtain such as sistance as would enable a solution of the mystery. Mr. Stein called at the office of the Dubbo Dispatch, and in the presence of several well-known gentlemen, told a most extraordinary tale, bearing out in every particular what had b«en previ ously published-showing, in fact, that what was said was only a part of what had occurred almost continuously during the four years the Stein family have been on the Coalbaggie. WHEN IT COMMENCED. ? When 'did, "'these' annoyances.' com mence ? asked the interviewer.-?rom the first day we went there. There was, I may tell you, an old hut on the ground when we took it up, and we heard noises there first. .Then when the new place was built it commenced in earnest. It chucked candlesticks, furniture, and everything else about. . It hammered the tin dishes, and you could see the dints in the dishes afterwards. It started to talk to us then, but since Father Bolger and Father Moylan were out it has not talked so much. It was quiet for some time afterwards. IT COULD SPEAK. Has it told you what it is, or' anything of its history ?-Yes it has often said that its mother and sister were burned to death in the hut. The mother was- iron ing, and her dress caught fire. He' said an aunt and uncle lived across the creek, and the mother when she was dying gave £60 and a gold watch to the aunt, asking her to keep them for her boy and take care of him. The uncle, a man named hit him upon the head with the handle of a stockwhip and left him for dead on the road. COULD NOT CATCH IT. Have you ever seen anything, Mv. Stein ?-Well, one night mother and I were sitting in the room by the fire, and clods were pelted at us, as if by some'per son in the fireplace; We looked and. saw a strange figure. It had the body of a child, about five years old, and a most peculiar facc, with a whitish beard on it. I went to catch it and it disappeared. I On another oc.cdsion I saw something like a hand coming over, a box, and when I tried to gnisp'it there was nothing. KNOCKED. THINGS ABOUT. When you heard it talking did; the things move about ?^-Yes," while if talked outside, -as it were, the furniture and other things would be knocked about in side. In fact, in four dilierent places the racket would be going on. It used to catch the bedsteads and ? shake them ?violently, and while this was going on, a few yards away the crockery would be smashed at the same time. On ; one oc casion it took up a crucifix which was in" the house, broke it to pieces," and flung the bits in our faces. At another time some blessed' candles brought, from Dubbo wore: broken into bits before us and cast at us. The candles and crucifix were quite uninjured a minute or two before, and_ without our seeing what was doing it, they were pulled to pieces and cast' at us. OTHERS SAW IT. Was any person outside the family in the houie at the time when these occur rences were going 'on ?-Yes, why only the other day it attempted to set' fire to my sister's clothes, and did other things, and this can be testified to by Mr. McLeod, who is now in Dubbo, and a Mr. Dwyer, who with his son was at our place at the time making arrangements for the purchase from us of iooo sheep.. ' SETS THE HOUSE ON FIRE. When did it, appear last ?-Of late it was very bad, and it took us all we could do to prevent it burning down the place. We smell something like fire before we see it, and the house will be on fire in four places at once, and the bedclothes and articles of female apparel also burning. NOT A VENTRILOQUIST. It has been suggested, Mr. Stein, that one of your family is a ventriloquist, and that accounts for some of the manifesta tions ?-Whenever I hear this-and I have heard it said several times-I. get r6al "narked."' I wish those who offer, this solution liad the thing tied round their neck. Then they would know if, it; was a ventriloquist. 'It is, I assure ypu, a regular torment to us, and it is driving my father and mother real mad. My opinion is that it is a live spirit, possessed of the devil. COMES IN DIFFERENT SHAPES. Have you seen more at any other time than what you have told us ?-Well, on one occasion, it came in the shape of a bear, got up on the wall of the lcitcncni and when we went to chase it away it disappeared in a white smoke. On another occasion a big mouse, about a foot long, came on the roof and it mysteri ously moved about. Again it took the shape of a kangaroo and another day a wallaby was near the house, and it would not shift for my sisters. They tried to put the dogs on it, but the dogs came back with their tails between their legs. My brother and myself put two kangaroo dogs' on to it, and it ran into the creek and disappeared as if into the ground. The dogs came out on the other side, look ing terribly terrified, arid there was no wallaby. That night it talked to us,, and said it could appear in any shape-that it was the wallaby which we were chasing. It said it could appear as a lizard or a snake, or any shape it liked. It told us it was no use bringing out the priests. It said it would haunt us and torment us not only while we were on the Coal baggie, but would follow us about wher ever we went. IS A REGULAR LARRIKIN. You say it hus talked to you very frequently ?-Well, yes; but not so much during the last few .. months. It | talks iu two voices, and sometimes speaks j sensibly enough, while at others it, seems quite mad, and uses language'which could not be beaten by the lowest Sydney larrikin. It bids us the time of day, aiid when I have remonstrated with it for it§. actions, it says it is only having a bit of . fun. I once said to it that there was not, much fun in breaking crockery-arid generally-knocking things about, aud. it told me it couldn't help it, for when Its mother caught fire it was taking.somc crockery out, and the shock .Was So great that it dropped it. Since then' its favourite amusement has been smashing up tlie croclcery.' It has. done', from ! first, to last, £IOQ worth of damage; and ypii may be sure if it was one of ourselve;s.w.a would not waste rnoniey like ' that. %< Not long since if went intb'. the Icitcfteh,1 and'; in the presence ,of three or fonr took'-down the frying-pan, placed it on $he fire iani put six eggs in it'."" The fryrag-jpan cbjil'd, be seen moving and the eggs :put"'ln!ri^r but the agency which moved it, was jta-' visible. ?' It is ? no" wonder that we jajre scared when ' these ' things' -take 'placed. Why, even the dogs know, when! it "is about. You can hear it talking, to them," and they look in mortal dread, thpirhair standing up and their eyes bulging out of their heads. It talks in- two' vftices^and1 sometimes so loudly that it ought-to be heard a mile away. CAN'SING A SONG. Does it ever sing, and are tljp.songs up ^to date ?-Yes, it sings, and it seems to .know all sorts of songs. ? Two in particu lar it seems to be very fond of, " The Eanks of the Clyde," and " The Ship that Never Returned." It sings'-the last' one pretty fair, but it is quite horrible to hear it singing " The Banks of; the1 Clyde,!''-it's quite .sickeniqg.'; ;'It does'' not trouble me so much at. my??? selection'* as it troubles them at father's place. It sometimes comes and takes- my tools' when I am at work, .and plants them. I find them afterwards,- however. We are quite full about it. The family will come; into Dubbo, and then it can bash away.. - MUST BE A DEVIL. ; Do you suspect any neighbours of bet ing concerned ?-No, we are on .the best, terms with everyone, and the nearest neighbour is living nearly three mile? away. I have really no conception of what the thing is, beyond that I honestly; believe it is a live spirit, possessed .bj' the devils, and having the: power' pf, making:: itself invisible; Why,' the night when we were praying it lifted up the. table to wards the ceiling.' . There were -present' my father and mother and four ofrriy-' sisters. Not one of them- touched' th;fi:. table, but it Went up just the. same.! . AN APPOSITE CASE. Regarding these peculiar phenomena?--., and it may be said Mr. Stein is a level, headed man, with more than the average intelligence, and he told, the'above before; gentlemen holding fhe highest position^" in the town-the following, which.appears,; in . a recent Melbourne' Argu's,: may be deemed apposite^Mr. D. McAlpine read.an interesting paper before the mem-, bers of thfe- Victorian -. Society .for Psychical Research on ? Friday-evening,? the Rev. Dr. C.' Strang being in' the, chair, upon the subject ' of Materialist'; tions," ill which he described what he saw at several seances held -at "his own house and in other persons' houses by two professional lady.' mediums, one of Sydney and the other of Prahran. Mm McAlpine stated that after every possible precaution against, fraudi had .been taken: more than a dozen.figures, appeared' one after another in front of the :curtain, which screened the " medium " from heir, audience. The-figures appeared to be those of men, women, and children,'one particularly frequent visitor being a-small black girl. All the figures were clothed in white glistening garments, and many of them spoke to- the audience and answered questions addressed to them/ Mr. McAlpine himself shook hands with pne of the figures, which described itself as " a Geordie Thompson," of Aberdeen, and spoke with a strongly marked Aberdeen accent. This figure ate a por tion of a "bannock" whioh-had been brought for it by a lady visitor. ' The little black girl, who'answered'1 to: the name of " Cissie," .'also'ate :«r chocpla,te; which was given to.her, and after-con versing on one occasion for more than five minutes slowly dissolved before] the eyes of the audience .until,- -nothing (was left but a black smiling,facs, and (;hen that too disappeared. ?; 