THE STORYTELLER. CHRISTMAS CON- FLAGRATION. Every country district in England, even at the end of the nineteenth century, nurses its plentiful store of legends and superstitions ; but I do not think there is any part where they linger quite so much as in our beautiful and romantic western counlies. There is not a village where you cannot, if you have a mind, pick up half-a-dozen wonderful stories relating to the neighborhood ; hardly a poor man above the middle age who is not an interesting raconteur of such things, if you know how to draw him. I myself have always taken a pleasure in so when I have had the opportunity ; and though, perhaps, not more than one in t ten of these legends is worth retaining in n one's memory, yet that tenth one is fre- 1 qaently so quaint, so fanciful, and even so dramatic, that it fairly counterbalances the tedium of listening to the other nine superstitious commonplaces. The story which I am now about to relate was picked np in Devonshire several years ago, and is certainly worth repeating on account of an extraordinary modern ending to a very old-standing tale. This ending I can vouch for ; because I saw it with my own eyes. While as for the preliminary events, which are said to have occurred early in the past century, I can only assert that they are an article of faith in every poor family on that country side. Several years ago there stood in the village of P a large stone mansion, built n the Jacobean style, which had long been tenat>tles3, and was rapidly falling into decay and rain. Its Bitnation was delightful, on a rising slope, facing the south, and looking over a fair expanse of park and wood, with a silvery lake in the foreground, and a glimpse, through a break in the trees, of soft, blue distant hills. It wbb the property of an absentee landlord, who had a larger place in some other county, and who somehow could not find a tenant for this beautiful demesne; h's agent said because the house was too old fashioned and the climate too damp; the villagers (whose heads are fall of nonsense), because it was haunted. The idea was based on a legend connected with yonder large wood, in the distance, facing yon but slightly on your left aa you stand on the doorstep of P Manor. It is named Hawker's Wood, and comprises some 70 acres of timber and brushwood. It was part of the P estate, and has been let for several years to a neighboring landlord, who b.as the sporting rights over the manor. But the villagers, one and all, assert that, if people had their dne, this Hawker's Wood would be a common, for the benefit of the poor in the place. For they say (and nothing will get the idea oat of their beads) that one Squire Plarek, more than 150 years ago, made over the said wood by deed, on his death bed, to certain trustees for the use and benefit of the poorer inhabitants; and that bis son Squire George—commonly styled " the wicked squire' , --deetroyed the deed in question and appropriated the wood to himself. This Squire George appears to have been not only dishonest and wicked, but to have been endued with a sort of devilish humor and sardonic sense of dramatic effect. For instead of burning the deeds then and there, as a less artistic villain would have done, kept them concealed for some months' Christmas Day came round ; and on that festive occasion, having followed the example of his ancestors from time immemorial and invited his tenantry to the roasting of an ox whole at a huge bonfire in the park, he secretly consigned the packet of suppressed deeds to the flames of the conflagration. The attorney who had drawn them up, and who was a villain second only to his employer, stood by with Squire George and watched the villagers unconsciously celebrating the destruction of their rights, as they danced and sang ronnd the bonfire ; and tbe two men exchanged many diabolical jests appropriate to the situation. Some said that the knavish attorney had better reason to jest than his employer; for—so the wiseacres asserted—he had over-reached the Squire and substituted forged documents for the real, intending to retain the latter as a means of levying blackmail in the future. However, that may have been, they had never agaiu been produced; and though some villagers obstinately clung to the conviction that they were still extant, if one only knew where to find them, and the large msjuity adhered to the ordiuary legend that they had actually perished in the flames. The only punishment, apparently, that fell on the wicked Squire in his life was that he had a childless marriage. For he died without leaving any legitimate issue, p more than one poor family in the a boasted that the blood of the Plarsks flowed in their plebeian veins. Buti that he was Buffering adequate penalties for his wickedness in the other world was 1 clearly evinced, not merely by tbe plain pronouncement of Scripture on the fate of such characters, but by a more readily demonstrable proof of the tortures which his uaquietsoul endured. This proof was, that every Christmas night, at 12 o'clock precisely, all tbe windows of P Maror lighted up with a sudden blaze, and against the shining back-ground of flame was to be seen the dark form of Sqaire George in the act of burning the deeds; while a ring of swarthy figures—not innocent country folk now, but hell-born devils—danced round and round with shrieks of unholy merri- ment. The old gamekeeper on the estate, an honest and trustworthy fellow, assured me solemnly that, on several occasions, while out night watching, he had witnessed the scene which has jast been described. I did not doubt his good faith in the least; but I had my own theory about the natural phenomena which had probably taken him in, and none the less easily, it might be, because he had been " keeping Christmas." For what more likely than that the flashing of the moon on the windows had d8zzled the drowsy watcher's superstitious eyes 1 Or that the shadows of flitting owls—which infested the old place—had been mistaken by him for human figures; and theif weird screeches for the devil's unholy merriment t I was rash enough to hint this to him, &3 a possible explanation of what he had seen. But he naturally treated the idea with contemptuous scorn. " Nay, nay, sir," he answered, with a shake of his hoary head. " If you'd jest seen it yourself you'd never talk such silliness as that. Besides, don't you think I've been out often enough at night to know that the moon shining on windows is like, and to bo tol'bly well acquainted with the hoot of an owlet 1 No, do, Master Charles; you take me for a fool, I'm thinking, I'm thinking." " Not at all, Bracebagge," I said apologetically. " I know you to be very far from that. But I confess I should like to see this wonderful spectacle with my own eyes." " Would you really now ¥' he inquired, fixing his eyes upon me. " I should indeed," I repeated, emphatically. "Well," he Baid, slowly, "if that's really your rnind I don't know why you shouldn't. Christmas Day will be here in less than a wetk, and, should you be agreeable, I'd take you out and show you the sight from the same point where I have seen it tcom myself three times. Then you'd be sure there's no mistake." " Done!" cried I. " I'm your maD, Bracebagge." And than I added as I thought I detected a curious look in bis eye, " All fair and 6quare, of course ? You won't play a trick upon me, by sending some of your friends into the Manor House with lights or anything of the sort i" He smiled rather scornfully. " Practical jokes ain't my way," he answered. " Least of all would I j?st wi' such a fearsome subject as tbe flames of torment. You may trust me, Master Charles. I give you my promise." This quite satisfied me, for I knew my old friend to be probity itself. I therefore arranged with hiin definitely, before I left his cottage that evening, to make our projected little excursion on the night of Christmas Day. As I walked home after doing so, I reflected to mysolf that it was a fooiish and somewhat fatuous undertaking; for cf course the apparition of Squiro George and his attendant evil spirits, against a background of supernatural lire, was sheer nons< ns:—utter impossibility. As the same time I must confess that when the appointed day aid hour arrived, I did f.el just a little bit excited, and not quite aa calm or confident as sober reason would have had me be. I called for old Bracebagge at his cottage, and we walked together to our intended of view, a grassy knoll surmounted by clump of beeches, exactly facing the manor houBe, and about three hundred , Her0 ther0 waB nothing lo J J nter t Q ur line of sight not e ven a tree; r so we seated - ourself upon the waterproof tug which I had brought out with me, lit cur pipes, and wailed, for it still wanted nearly half-an-hour for midnight. It was rather a windy night, and the whistling of tbe wind in the woods at our back caused a decided eerie sound. My companion, also—in order, perhaps, to work up my mind to a more receptive pitch— beguiled the interval by relating all the most gruesome and thrilling supernatural legends that he could produce from the capacious store- room of his memory. And I won't deny that I began to feel a trifle creepy. I tried to shake the sensation off, but without effect, and at last I became quite ridiculously nervous. Before he had finished his last yarn, over which be was awfully and solemnly deliberate, the church clock struck twelve, its clanging tones being borne to us with an almost startling distinctness on the breath of tbe rising gale. " Now," I interrupted him, laying my hand upon bis arm, and giving vent to a very forced laugh, "now, I suppose, we may expect the Squire and his evil spirits —eh ?" "They'll not be long," he answered ntber solemnly. " And when they come, you'll not laugh no more." Five—ten—fifteen minutes went by. The old Manor House stood there, sombre and dark before us; a black obstructing mass against the starlit sky. Not a sign of light or flame was to be seen. The uniform blackness of the gloomy mansion was unbroken from end to end. Of course, I might have known — I did know—that this would be the case. I never expected anything else. For all those nonsensical tales about Squire George's ghost, and ha! Old Bracebagge gripped my wrist, and pointing to the house, said iu an impressive whisper:— " Look, Master Charles! Look." With a sudden thrilling sensation, which I cannot attempt to describe, I saw a strange weird light flash brightly in the great window of the central hall. I robbed my eyes and fixed them intently on the spectacle, to assure myself that it was not some trick of my imagination. The light rapidly increased; In a minute or two I could see flames leaping in the hall, show- ing op i*s interior with vivid distinctness. Thete loomed the dark oak staircase, in tho very middle, it seemed, of the blsze ; there the mammoth statue of the oiiginal Squire Plarek in a niche ou the opposite wall; there, tbe ponderous chandelier suspended from a large beam in the ceiling. We watched this wonderful sight spellbound. The blaze spread with extraordinary quickness to the rooms on either side of the hall, and by-aud- bye there were flashes in the windows on the first floor. My companion gripped my arm again, and this time I could not restrain a shudder. For in tho room above the doorway—the room which was always pointed out as Squire George's bed-chamber—dark figures were visible hurrying to and fro, and giving utterance to the most blood-curdling shrieks that ever smote on mortal. " That be no owlet's screeching, be it ?" whispered old Bracebagge to me, with a touch of triumph in his tone. I shook my head. I could not speak. My whole attention was riveted on the aweinspiring sight. Lurid smoke was now rolling up in dense columns to the sky; the roaring and crackling of the flames resounded clearly ; and yes ! There was the crash crash crash of glaBS, as the fire burst through the huge panes of the windows. Then the shrieking of the demons took a definite form—an articulate sound. And " help! help I help!" was dinned into my eaTS in tones of agonised terror. With a sudden revulsion of feeling an intense conviction, born in a moment, that I was witnessing no supernatural flames, I sprang to my feet. " See ! see !" I cried. " The manor is really on fire, and there are men within being burnt to death. We must try to save them." Old Bracebagge endeavoured to restrain me. He evidently thought that I was mad to entertain such an idea. But I shook myself free from his detaining hand, and started to ran across the intervening meadow. As T near^d the manor and felt the waim breath of the flameson my cheek, I saw one of the shrieking figures leap from the upstairs window and fall with a thud to the earth. Then, except for the roaring of the fire, silence. I rushed in, scarcely able to bear the scorching heat and nearly blinded by the smoke, to the place where I saw him fall, A man's helpless figure lay huddled on the doorstep. Half dragging, half carrying, I staggered with this burden to a safe distance from the fire and laid it down upon the lawn, just as old Bracebagge came up. " By the powers," he exclaimed, as he bent down and examined the prostrate man's face, " if it bean't poor Tummas Node." # # # * The man Node, although severely scorched by the fire, and badly damaged by his leap from the window, ultimately recovered. And it was from his own lips that we learned the explanation of the above rather startling episode. It appeared that he was one of the small knot of villagers upon whom the alternative form of the legend—viz., that the doeds were still existent — had taken a strong hold. And he had got it into his head, somehow or other, that they were lying concealed in the manor-houBe, and that the aim and object of Squire George's annual apparition on Christmas night was to point out to the villagers where they lay hidden ; for that, until they were unearthed and justice done, his troubled spirit would never be allowed to rest. He had brooded over this for some months, and had half decided to put his belief to tho test by secreting himBelt in the manor on the night of the next Christmas. It is probable, however, that he would not have found courage for this—to him—perilous venture, had it not been for tho following circumstances. He himself and a companion still more wild, by name Jem Mace, had been caught, for the third time, asserting their rights to Hawker's Wood by appropriating certain pheasants from that covert. For this offence they were sent to hard labor for 14 days, and their term expired abont a week before Christmas. Smarting freshly from the sting of their wrongs, they vowed most solemnly that, if only to spite their persecutor, they would dare the desperate deed and conceal themselves in P-. Manor on the approaching ChristmaB night. They had both been on the drink since their incarceration, and thus were more than usually reckless. Moreover, to fortify themselves yet farther, they had taken a bottle of spirits with them on their momentous expedition. Not finding the squire and his attendant devils turn up as soon as expected, they organised a search on their own account, and actually happened on a hollow panel near the head of the stairs, close to the place where the deeds were supposed by some to be concealed in an iron-clamped oak chest, minutely described by the legend-mongers. forced the panel with their tools, and, much to their surprise, Node confessed did unearth an oak chest nearly corresponding to that of the story. And what is more, on prising it open, they found it full of legal documents of various kinds—one packet of which, after careful examination, Node's companion confidently declared to be the deeds for which they were searching. They left the other papers littered about the stairs, and taking the precious packet into the nearest room, sat down there to drink to their marvellous discovery. What happened exactly after that Node could not coherently explain ; he was too drunk to have grasped anything. He supposes, however, that sparks from their pipes must have fallen on some of the papers, and so started the fire. At any rate, when they realised their danger and tried to escape, they found the staircase in flames. Node escaped, as I have described. Poor Mace, who seems to have been more hopelessly intoxicated, was left senseless on the floor, and perished in the flames. And it goes without saying that all the papers were destroyed. Sceptical people threw doubt on Node's story. And I myself, as far as I could gather, should suppose that Jem Mace had scarcely been in the state to pronounce accurately on the contents of a legal document ; especially as, by the older custom, it would have been engrossed in Gothic characters. This, however, has to be admitted—that among the debris on the atone floor of the hall a number of clasps and a very old-fashioned padlock, such as was much used in those days for strong boxes, were actually found. There is one point to record more peculiar still. When old Bracebagge learned that it was Jem Mace who bad met with sush an awful end, he said to me : " You can't deny that the Almighty's finger is in that, anyways, Master Charles !'' " What do you mean ?" I asked him. " Don't you know ?" he explained. " Squire George had never no child by hie wedded wife. But he got my lady's maid into trouble; and what came of it was— Jem Mace's grandfather! Further investigation satisfied me that this was quite correct. 