LITEBATlfKE- BOOKS ur TO DATE. Occar Wilde has been receiving as much notice of late a:-: he uaed to attract many years ai;o. but it is of a different kind. The y.mug man of a literary turn who had o minion to beautify the time and round off into graceful curves the angularities of this workaday world, was not taken in earnest bv his audience. Nor is there the best reason to believe that at that period lie regarded himself as a genuine reformer, or could be counted among his own. follow ers. I bit. for purposes of burlesque his norsonalil v and the duality of his cult or crusade or "intention" worn admirable; therefore his name went, forth to the corn ers of the earth. He was caricatured, set to music, abused, praised, wondered at, and in course of time duly forgotten in that connection, Oscar Wilde, the aesthete and artistic posturer, is a very dim memor> , but Oscar Wilde, the cynPcal writer, the defiant dramatist, the remarkable poet, Is becoming one of the most prominent fig ures in current literature. To the degree of this prominence his most recently publish ed poem. "The Sphinx," will add greatly. This extraordinary "production Mr. W Ude less kept by him in manuscript for many years, not. he declares, with a view to pol ishing tiiid repolis.hing it. but because he feared that its publication would be "a fatal blow to English domesticity." Such a fear is just about an absurd as most of his affected opinions cmd apprehensicftis. "The Sphinx" is a magnificent poem,- caVven with infinite cure from. Egyptian granite, and richlv inlaid, with Eastern gems. There are passages in it that.. Mr. Podsnap would jio more think of leaving within;, reacli of the Young Person than ho would thin-k of sup plying that perilously sensitive moral ex otic with a course of early Swinburno un- bowdlerhwd. Uut even if everybody read "The Sphinx," marriage ns an: institution would survive, and- the British matron re main mistress of the situation...- There Is a great deal 'pi, strange, luscious, highly wrought poetry in /"Tho Sphinx," and enough chmracte'r and" originality to assure Us place among the most notable poems of tllis century. A student sitting alone, gazing long at a small figure of the Egyptian Sphinx, muses on the pasft /with which it is associated in his inind, and |thus apostrophises It:— "0, tell me were you standing by when Ms to- Osiris knelt? , Ami did you watch the Egyptian melt her union for Antony, . "And drink the jowel-dninken rwlnc and bend her head in mimic awe 1 To sec the huge proconsul draw tho saltou tunuv from the brine? "And did you mark the Cyprian kiss white Adon on his catafalque? And did you follow Amenalk, tho god of Hell- "And 'did vou talk, with Thoth. and did you hear the moon-horned To weep? And know tlu» pain ted kings who sleep .beneath the wedge-shape/i pyramid?" Why Air. Wilde should, mar the simple and effective "In Mcnnorhun." metro by bringing his rhymes together in unexpected places, and thus deceiving the eye alone, is not. understandable. How much better would this fine passage touching the fallen Am nion read divested of such. affectation: — "Tho god is scattered hero and there : deep hidden in tho windy sand. I saw his giant granite luutd still clc»clicd hi impotent despair "And many a wandering «cnravnn of stately negroes silkeu-shawled. Crossing the desert, halts .appalled before tho nock that none can spam. "And many a bearded Bedjouln draws back his yellow striped burnous To gaze upon the Titan tliuws of him who was thy pnladin. "Go, seek his fragments' on the moor and wash them in tho evening dew, And from their pieces majco anew thy muti lated paramour! "Go. seek them whero tlj.oy Ho alone, anil from their broken pieces make Thy bruised bedfellow! and wake mad pas sions in the senseless stone! "Charm his dull ears with Syrian Hymns! he loved your body! oh. he kind, Pour spikenard on Ids hair, and wind! soft rolls of linen round his Ifonbs." There are few better lines in "The Sphinx," or in any modern poemi, than "those, in which the poet upbraids the sinful muse whirh inspired and directed, his work: — "What: songless longueloss ghost rfi' sin crept through the curtains of Urn night;. And saw my toper hurtling bright, and knocked, and bade you outer in? Ale there not others lAoge arcuraed. wlmer with leprosies than I? Are Abulia and IMiarpra dry that you euiuo here to slake your th'trst? Go hence, you loathsome mystery ! hideous animal, get hence! .You wake In me each bestrial sense, you make me what I would ink be. "False sphinx! false sphinx! by reedy m.vx old Charon, leaning on his oar, Waits lor my coin: go thou before, ai me to my erti>'lUx. Whose pallid burden, sick with paint the world with wi:ried eves, And Wf-eprt for every sou! that dies, cmd weeps for every soul in vain." From Angus and UoborLsoiv wo huvn two books which should hit the taste cu many readers just now — " Kurea and the jsaercd "White Mountain," by Captain A. E. J. Cavendish, F.K.G.S., ivml Captain 7T. E. Goold-Adams. it. A. When the authors undertook their invostbgatious of tho strange peninsula that lias all at once claimed notices us a theaine of war 1 China and Japan, thoy were enabled to make a study of its people, condition, natural features, and laws, which 1 i plied them with material for a richly- illustrated and mcsL interesting book. Equally appropriate to the hour is " South Africa," by George M. Thcal, farming the latest of Fisher Unwin's " Striry of the Nations" series. The late war iri Mashottu- land, the great discoveries of aistiquitics at Zimbawye, tho persistent rumoi-g. of magni ficent goldmines further north, the strong- armed proceedings of Europeftn Influence all over Southern. Equatorial Africa, and tho growing J'rictiou in -tlici Transvaal between the Government and the British residents, occasion ihoinscuris uf people all tho worhl over to seek Information re garding the places of these events. In Mr. Thcal's hook they wl'.I find much that is worth knowing about (Jape Colony, Natal, the Orange Free Statsq, tho Transvaal. Zulnland. and the peoples and Governments thereof. The writer is thoroughly acquain ted with South Africa, an d succeeds in im pressing his readers wireh the principal characteristics and conditions of a country that will yet teem with the millions of an Anglo- baxon population. "Primitive Civilisations, or Outlines of the History of Ownership in Archaic Com intimites.'' by E. ,f. Si aitox. is a valuable and careful examination, in two bulky volumes, of the growth of social order and the recognition of economic forms and laws throughout the old countries of the world. Naturally, the writer luus had. to condense to an extraordinary dttgree in order to even glance at the salia nt. features of his subject as related lo I Egypt, Babylonia, Assyria, Carthage, Asi x Minor, Greece, Italy, Arabia, Africa, oj id Cbinu, but, ap parently, this condensation does not dimi nish the instrucUvencsj . or mar tho com pleteness of a work wihich bespeaks pro found research and infb.ute )alx>r. " Elves of Twelve Bad Men" ii» one of Fisher Un winds most rcccv.it publications, which should prove grattfyimg to all who have a keen palato for tfbo abnormal lv disreput able, shameful, and vi Clainous. Tho twelve delected as prc-eniinei it In tinier own lines are James Hepburn, J Sari of Both well; Sir Edward Kelley; Muttl low Hopkins; Judge Jeffreys; Titus Oates; pinion Eraser, Lord liOvat; (.olonel Francis (jharterm: Jonalhun "Wild; James Maclaine; George Robert Fitz gerald; Thomas Griflitl \\\ H git 1 our owj) Ned Kelly. The ltfo of each of tlicso distinguished pet nons 1ms been writ- tin of by a separate author, ami a por- tiuit of each is given. Sometime since it "was United, in this column that: " The K liver Doinino," thai brilliant satirical lam; ?oou upon a number of leading literary pors images which lias run through so many edit Ions in u very short Rpace of time, was the joint work of Mario Corelli and Eric Maeke y. By the last mail v>o understand Messrs. Angus and Uobcrt- fcun, in whose catalogu e the Inxik appeared thus identified, recoiv t«d a Highly indig nant letl«;i from Miss Corelli, asking that the report should be dec led, because it is Without any foundation c f fact. There are .S&oiiy; authors of some ;aote in the world who would not hasten to disown Hit I Stiver Domino if it had been iuLUhenl> attributed to them. j Among the latest novels which have ar- | rived "For Honor and Life," by William I Westa.ll, a iale of the Terror, is well worth I reading. "The Exiles, and Other Stories," | by Richard Harding Davis, is another volume from the author of "Gallagher." "Young Sam and Sabina," of the Pseu donym Library, is an idyllic story of Somer setshire bearing token in every page of fidelity to life mid language as they are there. "Romantic Stories of Our Scottish Towns" is a compilation from history by W. H. Davenport Adams. In "Red and While I-leather" Robert Buchanan puts forth a volume of Scottish tales and poems, whllo "A Camr.terie Nackcf," from the pen of Jessie M. E. Saxby, is even more sternly Scotch. "Wee Johnnie Pat- erson and "Tibbie and Tain," by \Y. Grant Anderson and J. Wilson M'Laren respec tively, are specimens of the humorous Cale- ponlan vein. And speaking of humor re minds one that a new issue of Gilbert Abbot A'Beckett's famous "Comic History of England has become necessary. Dr. A ..n- nington Caffyn's story "Miss Milne and I is obtainable in a fourth edition, which is a good proof of public appreciation. "Trusts, Pools, and Corners," by J. Stephen Jeans, is an admirable manual on the subject of the combinations and busi ness monopolies that have become so nu merous and powerful in the United States, and concerning some of which Instructive details are given. "The Principles and Practice of Teaching and Class Manage ment," by Joseph Landon, F.G.S., is a book that every teacher should procure and con scientiously study. The Sixth Series ot Talmnge's Sermons should have the large sale that might ordinarily be expected for 1 them considerably increased by the pre sence among us of the eloquent preacher. In poetry the latest: noticeable publication has been the addition to Bell's Aldino edi tion of Farnell and A.klnsido, edited res pectively by G. A. Aiken and A. Dyce. From the publishers, Dlgby, Long, and Co. we have received "Keith Kavanagh, Re mittance Man," by E. Baldwin Ilodgo. 