NEEDLES: " Short), Sharp, Shiny." He (speaking of trains)—" Well, dear, shall we take the one at two or the " She (thinking, as usual, of hats)—"Yes, j darlmg: the one at two guineas will just suit me beautifully, I'm sure." Cool. Change. / Theatre. Cyolorama. Frozen meat. A cool change. ( Coal difficulty. Drowned at sea. " Continentals." Unlawful rescue. Lost in the bush. Wreck off Kerry. A missing father. Trouble in Servia. A sensational bolt. London wool sales. Postal Conference. Village settlement. Accident to a ketch. Last day of January. Intercolonial cricket. Crime at Jamestown. A travelling scientist. The Czar seriously ill. A young girl strangled. " Storm and Sunshine." More butter for England. A confidence trick swindler. Mysterious death at Kadina. Floods in New South Wales. Attempted highway robbery. Rough weather in the far north. Sericulture in New South Wales. A starving man breaks a window. " The Silence of Dean Maitland." Assume a virtue if you have it not. Alleged malpractices in Melbourne. A prince has been born in Bulgaria. Blackham wrath at Victoria's defeat. Have you seen Napoleon's ghost yet ? A man lost in the bush committed suioide. A dreary blank at the Theatre after Friday next. Guy Fawkes was executed on January 31, 1600'. Twenty-five men drowned in a wreck off Kerry. An exciting finish to the intercolonial cricket match. A Magistrates' Court wanted for Hind marsh. The Czar of Russia is seriously ill with 'rtnnlnfm * * bronchitis. Only three nights more of "Storm and Sunshine." Wet or fine, the "Continental" will be held tibia evening. .Bathers in the Port River had better look out for sharks. The railways are beginning to feel the effects or toe harvest. Herr Heinicke's orchestra at the "Conti nentals to-night. New South Wales won the match against victoria by 19 runs. Blackham accuses the New South Wales umpires of unfairness. The unemployed diffioulby will be considered m Oabinet to-morrow, A "giants' burial ground" has been dis covered in Heligoland. The value of the Australian butter on board the Valetta is £73,000. Mr. Thomas Fotheringham, of Gawler died yesterday, aged 65. The Valetta takes 421 boxes of butter to England from Adelaide. So far £3,123 Ss. lid. has been paid to the butter lactones in bonuses. ' orchestral and vooal programme at the Continental" to-nigbt. Sericultural operations are to be started at Bowral, New South Wales. Half of a lower-topsailyard has been found on the rooks at Goraey Point, A Sydney confidence trick man got 12 months in Melbourne yesterday. Mr. T. H. Brooker, M.P., addressed his constituents at lhebarton last night. Queen Margherifca of Italy olaims to have toe sandals worn by the Eznperor iN ero. The Bank or Van Diemen's Land Lottery will be drawn in about six monbhs' time. Sir Thomas Mcllwraith is delighted with the reoeption he has met with in Cauada. The enchanted fountain of laughing waters still appearing nightly an the Cyolorama. A complimentary benefit to Mr. Walter Bentley at the Bijou Theatre on Friday night. Eight of the labor members in the Queens land Assembly have been made justices of the peace. A steerage passenger by the Bullarra fell overboard during the voyage from Adelaide to Melbourne. Servian Ministers recently impeached for conspiracy against King Alexander have been granted an amnesty. The total shipments of bonus butter from South Australia amount to 6,700 boxes, each containing about 56 lb. Mr. Commissioner Hill estimates that there are 300,000 bags of wheat staoked at the various railway-Btatione. The Hon. Agar Wynne, M.L.C., has been appointed to represent Yiotoria at the New Zealand Postal Conference. There is a rumor tlmt_ the thirteen-year-old Queen of Holland, the niece of the Duchess of Albany, has been betrothed. The number of insane persons in Ireland in creased from 249 per 100,000 of the population in 1880 to 369 per 100,000 in 1892. Cabby (on receiving his right fare)—" Ob, pray, step in again, sir. I could ha' druv you a yard or two further for this 'ere." One of the latest inventions is a '' Cheiro plast," a contrivance whioh imparts manual dexterity to musicians and typewriters. The Westminster Gazette says that Sir Robert Duff, the Governor of New South Wales, failed lamentably during the recent) crisis. Queen Victoria's first present to each o! her grandchildren is a gilded cradle, which she 6enda to them as soon as she hears of their birth. The Pope attributes the disturbances in Italy to the attempts pub forth by the oivil authorities to destroy the power and influence of the true religion. Children were last year admitted to Dr. Baruardo's homes from 161 different districts in the metropolis; from 282 cities, towns, and villages in England, Scotland, Ireland, and Wales, and from 15 places abroad. " Gftdaby, the evangelist who W6nt out to Western America, was shot dead recently." "How did it happen ?" "During a camp meeting he_ turned suddenly on a cowboy and asked him if he was prepared to die." There was a backward Btudent at Balliol who, for failure to pass an examination in Greek, was "sent down." His mother went to see the master, Dr. Jowett, and explained to him what an excellent lad her son wub. "It is a hard experience for him, this disgrace," said the old lady; " but he will have the con solation of religion, and there is always one book to whioh he can turn." Jowett eyed her a moment and then answered—"Yes, madam; the Greek^rtammar. Good mominc." 