AMER10AN EL0QUlENOE A MAN ofl his trial for, mnur der in New York wais succ srul ly defcanded by his coiiisel in the following grandill6quenit specch , Gentlemnen of thed, jury, "Thou shalt no t.ill," Noow, if you hang my 'client, you trans gress the commaind as slick as grea.sc, and as plmp as n goose's egg in a oaler's tlcc. Gcntlc ImenI, lmurder is murIllll'dC'r, wictherl' committed by i ju ymenlc or an humble iudividual lii y client, Geii lQany the f tid ' ii lled a man, No such t inggentle hen. You ma bring the Spr'isoller in guilty, the hangmeni may tlo his duty-but will that excuseyou? No, in that casne you shall be murdcrei's. Who aunong you oi prepar'ed for the? brand of Cain to be stamped on his brow to-day ?--who freemen? -who in thl land of liberty and light ? njdtlemen, I will pledge my wdr not ole of you have a bcfi knife, No, gentle men, you pockets are odori ferous with the fume of cigars and tobacco. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peacefull conscience; but hang my unfortunate client and the scaly alligators of remorse wil gallop through the internal ptinciples of your animal visce , unil the spminal vertebrae of your anatomrcal construction is turned into a gigantic railroad for grim and gory goblins of dispair. Gentlemen, beware orcommiting murder. Beware, I say, of meddling with the eternal pre rogative. Gentlemen, I adjure you, by the manumitted ghost of temporary sanctity, to do no murder. I adjure you by the name of women, the mainspring of the ticlking timepiece of time's theoretical transmigration, to do no murder. I adjure you by the American eagle that whipped the universal gamecock of creation, and is now roosting in the magnetic telegraph of time's illustrious transmigration, to do no murder, And lastly, if you ever expect free dogs not to bark at you, if you ever expect to wear boots made of the free hide of the Rocky Mountain buffalo, and to sum up all, if you ever expect to be anything but sneaking, law flung, rascally, braided, small ends of humanity, whitted d wn into indistincti bility, a 'it~m y client, and qave your c . The prisoner was acquitted. 