The Rev- J McMeiSi's Mission. Welcome from the Ministerial Association. A large number of ministers attended at the Stow Church Guildroem on Monday morning, when the Ministerial Association accorded the Rev. J. McNeill a welcome. The Rev. J. Lyall presided. The CHAIBMAN mentioned that it was through an inadvertence Mr. Burke was not present. They rejoiced in Mr. MoNeill's gifts. He aocorded him a hearty weloome, and assured him of the deepest sympathy they had with him in his work. The Rev. J. MCNEILL, in thanking them for the welcome, eaid they had had a wonderful entranoe of tbe gospel in Australia. Their experiencein Mel boy me had not been equalled anywhere. They reached the city just at the rignt time, and surely they were led\there by the Divine inspiration. He had the deepest sympathy with the brethren in oharge of churches. He had gone through the regular ministry, and that in itself was an advantage. There were High Ohuroh peopie in every denomination who would not go to hear a minister who was not a clergyman of their sect, and it was a good thing for a regular minister to turn evangelist, because it reached that class of people. Evangelistic work was sometimes looked donn upon ; but when a regular doctor turned specialist—like he had done—he was not looked down upon, but was rather paid higher fees. His work was part and parcel of regular Gospel teaching. The cry all over the universe was for the full trained minister evangelist. At home they were pastors if nothing else. Sometimes in a parish of 1,000 there would be three pastors all trained in a severe Presbyterian course, and all of these cried for a man to rouee tbe people. His work was not done witb all departure from the old views. The old theology fitted him. When be was a youth, and making a deoision, he gained comfort from the fact that the Bible was all right. He was sometimes struck with the fact that the teaching to young men nowadays was that instead of along the old firm road they would meet the Saviour, the old road was being repaired, and a firmer bottom was going to be put down, and tbat they would meet the Saviour off that road. He never read in the Soripfeure of the divoroe of the Saviour from that road. The word of G->d was sure and oertain, and it was a marvellous hold. The men who took the old theology to pieces and gave some scheme of reconstruction was not in advanoe of the age, but behind it. (Hear, hear.) The modern critic, when they took the old theology to pieces, could not make a harmonious whole. He fancied second meetings in revival prooeedure were being overdome, and that by these meetings they were shifting the responsibility of preaching. While a man was preaching, the Holy Ghost wag speaking. There was nothing iu the Scripture to warrant the second meeting. There was nothing to make a person hold the impression from hearing an addresB until the second meeting where the patent process of oonverting was oarried out. That system was played out. There was no patent proceBS in second meetings. If preachers preached for souls they would get them. They knew that from experience that results of seoond meetings had not been so permanent as they desired. When a man worked without those meetings, let them not run at him open-mouthed. The whole thing rested in God's truths. Anything he would say to a man in a seoond meeting he said it in his sermon. He, however, sometimes had them, because some people worked better with them. A sad little story whioh made people cry would have a cold impression on the morrow, but an influence on a man created through God's word would have a wakening influence on tbe morrow. Tbe Rev. J. BEBBY thanked Mr. McNeill for his oourageous words in regard to the after meeting. In the most aggressive period of Methodism the seoond meeting was not used. The seoond meetings were rather a sign of low vitality iu the Church ; and if the Churoh was properly vitalized, there would be no need of it. The Rev. J. MCNEILL pointed out that Mr. Moody had a wonderful gift for the second meeting. The Rev. C. H. NIELD asked for an opinion as to the adviBableneBS of preaching on sooial problems. The Rev. J. MCNEILL advised him to put the first thing first, and the next thing next. When they did that, it was wonderful how things adjusted themes]vea. After all the differences of oapital and labour had been settled there would still be sin and sorrow in the world. The Rev. J. B. STEPHENSON moved a vote of thankR to Mr. McNeill for his stimulating and helpful address, and assuring him of the Minieters' Association's deep sympathy with him iu his work, and their honest desire to co-operate with him in his mission. The Rev. Dr. PATON seconded the motion, which was carried. Tbe Rev. J. McNeill having replied, the gathering dispersed. 