SPORTING. THARGOMINDAH NEW YEAR'S" RACES (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) j 1 The New Year's race meeting, held on Monday and Tuesday last was a decided! success. The attendance was very good for an off meeting, and the racing on the whole was fair. Mr. John Leahy, M.L.A., acted as judged The results of the different races are as follow : MAIDEN PLATE, of 40 Sovs.; Weight-for-age ; 7 Furlongs. Defiance, 1 ; Kalboro, 2 ; Granite, 3\. Good race between Defiance and Kalbar, the former winning by half-a-length. I HANDICAP JOHNNO RACE, of 10 Sovs.; 1 Mile and a Furlong Broker, 10st" 1; Ghost, list., 2\. Volley, Evangeline, and Jewboy also ran. Broker, who jumped away with the lead, maintained his position throughout the race. Although closely pressed by the Ghost he ! eventually won by half-a-length. NEW YEAR'S HANDICAP, of 15 Sovs.; IA Milo. -Sting, 8st. 4lb., 1; Marian, 7st. 10th" 2; i Desert Rose, Oct., 3. Only three started. Sting won as he liked all the way, never being asked to gallop. WELTER RACE, of 5 Sovs.; 12st. up ; 5 Fur- longs. Guardian, 1 ; Lauristina, 2 ; Forester, 3\. Scipio and Kitty O'Shea also ran. Guardian was left at the post lengths behind the other horses, but quickly made up lost ground. Coming round the turn she secured the inside running, and won by half-a-length. FMINQ HANDICAP, of 7 Sovs.; J Milo. Jackson, 9st. 5lb., 1; Kalboro, 8st. 2lb., 2; Marian, 7st. 12lb., 3. Desert Hose also started. Jackson won very easily by two lengths. HACK RACE of 5 Sovs.; -1 Furlongs. Canon, I Oat. Gib., 1 ; Blackbird, 6st. 8lb., 2 ; Rosebud, 10st. 7lb" 8. Kitty O'Shea, Hero, and Kildare | also ran. Canon won by a length. SECOND DAY. ONE-DAY' HANDICAP, of £15; 1 Mile Sting, lOst., 1 ; Desert Rose, 9st. 2lb., 2 ; Marian, Bit. 8lb., 8. Sting jumped away with the Mad, which he maintained to the finish, winning with ridiculous case. I Hion JUMPING CONTEST, of £5. Forrester, 1 ; Odd Soak, 2. Only two competed. Forrester cleared about 5ft., which Odd Socks knocked down, although he made three good attempts. FLYING HANDICAP, of £10; 5 Furlongs. Sting, 9st. 12lbs., 1 ; Desert Rose, 8st. 7lb., 2 ; Defiance, 9st. 10lb., 3. Kalboro and Evangeline also started. Good race to the home turn, where Sting, who had rapidly made up lost ground, came away and won in a canter. HACK RACE, of £7; 4 Furlongs Rosebud, lOst., 1 ; Canon, 10st. 5lb., 2 ; Lauristina, ltU. 8lb., 3. Blackbird and Here also started. This was one of the best races of the meeting. Blackbird jumped away with a long lead, which he maintained to the straight, where Rosebud made one of the most wonderful runs ever witnessed on the course, soon overhauling Blackbird, and coming on full of running won a splendid race by half-a-length from Canon, who came very fast at the finish, but was unable to overtake the leader. Lauriston I was a good third. Races were also held at Toompine, Nocundra, and Hungerford on Boxing Day. RACING CALENDAR areas TO CURE. Birdsville January 10 > V.K.O. Autumn .Murchs.)),-$13 Beaudesert Atnmu .... in area 17 ENTRIES CLOSE. V.R.C. Autumn General Entry .. February 6 Beaudesert Annual Handicaps ., February 23 Beaudesert General Entry .. March 10 axioms DrXLAiitn. t V.R.C. Autumn Handicaps January HE ' Beaudesert Annual Handicaps .. March s ACCEPTANCES. . Beaudesert Annual Handicap .. March 10 j RACING NOTES, BY "RATTLER." The weights' for the leading handicap events to be decided at the Sydney Turf Club's' Anniversary Meeting on the 20th instant were declared on Wednesday last. In the Challenge Stakes, the distance of which will be Six (fur longs, that wonderfully good horse JqVllor, who made amends for his Caulfield and Flemington defeats by winning the AJ.C. Summer Cup, is in his proper place at the head of the list, and even under his heavy impost should be able to hold the majority of the top weights safely enough. The ex-Queenslander Clinker must be thought a great deal of to find a position on the 8st. Gib. mark, and there can be no doubt that he is a remarkably speedy customer. Candour, Bliss, and Triton are all very leniently treated, and in the face of his latest performances, the little Archie colt M. L. A. has got into the list very favourably. Taking a glance through the list, the half dozen that strike me as being the most likely to furnish the winner are Jeweller, Sundial, WhaVawatea, Division, Clinker, and Messmate, landing I had to rely upon a straight-out selection! it should be MESSMATE. The mile and three for longs of the Anniversary Handicap is a distance. which will suit a large number of the horses' engaged in the most important event of the meeting, and the result will require a deal of picking. Camoola (in whom I have not yet lost all faith), Mallee, Penance, Lady Trenton, Nightingale, and Candour, strike me as the most torches places in one's calculations, and with her Tattersalls Cup victory as a recommendation, I like nothing better than NIOIITINOII.I\ Owners and trainers of racehorses will find a crumb of comfort in the announcement by the secretary of the Logan and Albert Joel, y Club of the programme of the annual meeting, Which will be held as usual at Beaudesert on St. Patrick's Day, 17th March next. The bill of fare will be of the value of the sea , district buted between six events, and the leading item will be the Logan and Albert Handicap, of 40 sovs., 12 mile, nominations for which together with the Trial' Handicap, Hurdle Race, and Beaudesert Plate, must 19 made with the secretary, Mr. M. S. Smith, by 3 pm!. on Wednesday, the 28th February. Weights will be declared on the 3rd March, and acceptances and general entries will be due on the 10th March.' The Hendra trainer, J. Blacklock, had the misfortune to lose his handsome little mare Beauty, by Ormond Bettina, who it will be remembered, broke down while (training at Eagle Farm recently. All efforts to save the mare for stud purposes were unavailing, and she died in terrible agony on Thursday morning last, a post mortem showing that the fetlock of her near foreleg had been shattered. . Now that we have disposed of all the summer race meetings in the metropolitan division of the colony it looks as though an extremely this season is before us pending the advent of the autumn campaign at Easter time, and to what extremities our racing interests will be routed in the meantime remains to be seen. FORT a very long time past they have been running on the down grade, and it is quite impossible to foretell what extent they may mile further descend. It is morally certain that the premier club, which is now the only racing nomination of any importance left to us out in the ruins caused by past financial disher bones, Cannot go on as it has been doing without seriously endangering even its very existence With a mortgage of £12 000 hanging over it in addition to a bank overdraft of 2000, which although personally guaranteed by individual members is morally at least an obligation of the club it appears to be in a tighter fk just now than it has ever been, for, while the office and maintenance expenses continue requiring to be provided for, there will be absolutely no source of revenue at all to fall back upon during an enforced period of inactivity, and the interest on borrowed money will go on accumulating For two years past or more only very small profits have been made out of the race meetings held at Eagle Farm under the auspices of the Q TC and these profits have been barely sufficient with the assistance of the returns from other channels to keep the sport alive And there is nothing whatever to show that the same condition of things will not continue for an indefinite time, for, notwithstanding the spirit of hopefulness engendered by the circulation of statements to the effect that the colony s affairs have turned the critical corner and are rapidly on the improve, the fact remains that, while the fortunes of the Turf in the sister colonies are "booming they have in Queensland been lowered to a condition border ing upon annihilation Arrangements will no doubt be made to tide our premier club over all its immediate difficulties, but when what we have been taught to regard as the busy season again sets in it is to be hoped that the racing council will be democratic enough to acknowledge the unsoundness of the policy which they have so ruinously adhered to in the past, and adopt some system by means of which the club will be in a position to at least pay its way One thing which they may do to advantage will be to hold one day race meetings on all the public holiday) s, for the figures in connection with the reunions held during the past twelve months will certainly show that although each balance has been just a shade upon the right side it has taken the biggest portion of the second day's profits to cover the losses of the first Experience shows that if this had been done right through the year which has just departed the Queensland Turf Club would be much better off financially than it is at the present time. The weights for the Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup, to be run at Flemington in connection with the V R C autumn meeting on the 3rd and 5th March, will be declared on Monday next At a meeting of horseowners and members of the Northern Downs Jockey Club held at Dalby last week, and at which Mr J T. Bell, M.L.A., presided, the condition of racing affairs generally in the district and the management of the club came under consideration The general feeling amongst those present was that there should be a union between the two racing clubs at present in existence, so that with one strong club racing might be conducted to the best advantage in the district, and the meeting pledged itself to advance the v. el care of the N D J O Resolutions were passed affirming the desirableness of holding a special general meeting of the club on the occasion of the next general meeting, and of publishing the annual report and balance sheet in the local paper at the earliest opportunity On Thursday of last week Mr B E Fenwick tendered his resignation as a member of the Q T 0 committee intimating his intention of retiring altogether from racing in Queensland Mr A C Carr was so well pleased with the form shown by his Battailous golding War King whom he purchased from Mr Webb the breeder, for 20 guineas that he has also purchased a cheese from Mr J Morrison at an advance on the price paid by that gentleman for the youngster at the recent sale held at Messrs Carter and Fenwick's The four year old brown mare Queen Olive, by Splendour Florence, belonging to Mr O W Murray, has gone into W Miller's stable The Flemington work watchers report that the three year old I tght Artillery has not yet quite recovered from his lameness The well known racehorse Clythe left for Sydney on Wednesday last by the steamer Leura in charge of his owner Mr J M Case, and the jockey W M Cabo The handsome son of Gareth and Clare is in excellent con- ditton again, and should be able to win a race or two in the adjoining colony It is reported that the horses Triton and Babel are to leave for Sydney to day (Saturday) with their trainer, P Grant who jockeys, Fred Archer and T Cannon, will also be of the party It is also rumoured that Mr It Johnston will journey South shortly with his horses Lucky Boy and First Demon, and further that 1' Nolan will soon be on the move again with Splendide, the mare's owner, Mr G Rose, having determined not to allow the daughter of Splendour to race any more at Eagle Farm Spifion, by Glorious-Mangana, fell in the hurdle race at Tloirtington on New Year's Day, and was so badly injured that he had to be destroyed Mile to, who disappointed his backers in Sydney Tattersalls Cup was offered for Sale by auction last week, but was withdrawn at 400 guineas A sale of thoroughbreds was held 1 at New market last week by Messrs W O Yuille and Co , when twenty three lots were disposed of for a total of 500 guineas an average of less than 22 guineas per head the hurdle race mare Nell Cook by Bras de Fer from Ridioale, brought the highest price 400 guineas Offers of 150 for Driibald, 830 for Goldreof, 110 for Comedian 150 for Marco, and dOO for Captain Webb wore refused. It is stated that Mr S Hordern's horses will in future carry the well known white and blue spots which were familiar in the old days as the colours of Mr C B Fisher With regard to the action of the Auckland Racing Club in licensing H Cusdin, the jockey who was refused a license by the V R O the Canferoitri/ Times says -" One or two riders whose licenses have been refused by either the Australian Jockey Club or the Victoria Racing Club are, it is stated, making endeavours to obtain permits to ride in New Zealand It is hardly to be expected that they will be successful in their attempts but nevertheless we feel that it is necessary to administer a word of caution to the various metropolitan clubs in this colony As far as one of the riders is concerned our cast on is, we are afraid too late for the Auckland Racing Club has issued a license to H Cusdin That the Auckland Racing Club will bitterly regret its action be fore long we feel quite safe in predicting But having made one mistake, we trust that it will not go any further, and that it will seriously consider any more applications it may receive from disqualified riders who are offenders against the law if they were not, they would have been allowed to ride in Australia. It jockeys disqualified in australia succeed in obtaining licenses for New Zealand we shall in all probability be inundated, in a very short space of time, by all the scum of the Australian turf We have nothing to urge against the private characters of the jockeys in question But their actions in their own particular profession have been so question Me that they have been severely punished by the Australian authorities It is obviously unfair, therefore, that by coming to New Zealand they should escape the reward of their misdeeds. Then, again, it is absolutely necessary that the very happiest relations should exist between the New Zealand and Australian authorities. It ought to be quite sufficient for the Victoria Racing Club, the Australian Jockey Club, or, in fact, any of the principal racing bodies of Australia, to pass a sentence of disqualification, for that sentence to hold good in New Zealand and a similar remark, of course, applies to a disqualification inflicted in New Zealand. If this is not done, the withdrawal of a license to ride will have no beneficial effect. Any horseman disqualified in Australia will be able to pass the period of Equalisation happily enough in New Zealand, and offenders in this colony will be able to enjoy a profitable little holiday on the other side of the Tasman Ocean." The Melbourne bores Whofroo fell in a hurdle race at Kilmore on New Year's Day and broke his neck, and his jockey, Winters, had his arm broken. The well-known jockey Edward Gorry, who was disqualified for a term for foul riding in Chicago's Caulfield Cup, incurred the displeasure of the Moonee Valley stewards last week (says "Ribbleden"), and he was warned off the course, Gorjy applied to the V.R.C. some time ago for a license, which was refused ; but since then he has frequently been seen at meetings held under V.R.C. rules, hence the stewards' action. Gorry, it appears, has something to do with the racehorse Jew Boy. Jew Boy was entered at Maribyrnong, and Gorry's name appeared on the nomination paper. Jew Boy was again entered at Moonee Valley, and. Gorry, in order to gain admission to the course, rode Jew Boy into the saddling paddock, but the stewards warned him off the course. In the sailing hurdle race at the Aspendale Park meeting on Saturday week last Stamboul, carrying 9st. 5lb., ran second to Solomon (lOst.) in 2min. 51sec. for the mile and a-half. At the annual meeting of the Auburn Race Club, held at Rosehill station on New Year's Day, the Maiden Plate was won by Mr. P. Joyce's (Hawkwood) bay filly Field, and the same owner secured the principal handicap by the aid of the brown gelding Dandy, and the Stockman's Purse with the bay filly Patriae. The Consolation Stakes was won by Mr. F. R. G. Bailey's (Dykehead) bay gelding Torment, and the bay gelding Slim Jim, belonging to Mr. J. Whittaker (Auburn), won the Hurry Scurry. The following is a complete list of the winners of Sydney Tattersalls Club Cup, 2 miles: Mr. First Horse. W't. j Second Horse | Tillie. lBOS.nnlclnbar lbil'J|SlrJoliu st. lb 8.0 N. Australian 7-12 'Karoola soit 8, BUS 1870 (1 7 who Earl 1871 Du.o 8 2 Sir John 8.11 a 10 187'2'J'iiy Smoker (i 7 ranch 8 8 The Abbot 8 to 187i>Tbu I'ronuot too are 1671 Crazy Jane 1876 The Arrow 7 8 Sparrowhawk 8.3 Blair Athol 8.301 11.80 1870, Viv a 7 a poke 7 0 JMMta 1187 007 lM7|Vlv» 1878 Woolstone (! 7 (Laertes 836 1879 Burwood (I 'J iMolboumo pat sao Minto 3.37 are 1840 4/10 lbSOiDruin Major 0 IS Mabel 1881 Woolston G 10 Strathearn IjSj-lLord Orville 0 a IRoslninto lS83,Morp;tli ft 4 Sardonyx 8 86 1881 Coriolanus 7 10 (Sardonyx 2 sal 1885 Tom Brown 0 is Minerva 8.8.1} 188GTellilio 0 15 Ben Bolt 8 87 18S7ri'oin Brown WSSAcino 8 a Brown and Rose 8-12 7 0 Dow most 'and, 1680 Ullerdalo 0 o Dlllalc 8 HO 1800 Sir William or, Lava 8.80 1891 Muriel 7 11 Vcsfiaila Vespasia 18 61 180.! St. Albans II. 7 0 Sill) IBM Chatham 7 13 Ttoatm 808 1891 Nightingale u a Lady Trenton una A telegram was received on Monday last stating that the New Zealand racehorse Van Dieman had broken his leg and had been destroyed. Van Dieman was an aged bay gelding by Vasco de Gama from Nellie. On New Year's Day at the Auckland Racing Club's summer meeting he won the Auckland INC. Handicap of 400 sovs., bearing the brown horse Tullock, by Sword Dance (¡mp.)-Welcome Katie by a head in train. 59sec. for the mile and a-half. The crack New Zealand three-year-old Loyalty, by St. George Fair Nell, who won the Great Northern Derby and Auckland Plate for Mr. D. O'Brien, is reported to have returned to Sydney. At the Newcastle Jockey Club's New Year's Day meeting Mr. R. G. Yeoman's six- year-old brown mare Brenda won the Flying Handicap), 6 furlongs, in 1min. 10sec., and the New Year's Gift, 1 mile, in 1min. 41sec. 'There could not after all have been much truth in the rumour that Highborn had been badly lame, as the old Australian Cup winner succeeded in adding the Viceroy's Cup to his list of victories. The Cup distance was 1 j mile, and in addition to the Cup, value 100 sovs., the owner of Highborn, the Maharajah of Cooch Behar, receives a stake of Its. COOO, besides the sweepstakes of 100, 150 for starters. Referring to the V.R.C. New Year's Day meeting, "Asmodeus" in the Leader writes of the Abercorn Copra two-year-old colt, who won the Normanby Stakes, 6 furlongs in 1min. SMCC:-" Cobbitty, who is gradually developing into a grand colt, inaugurated affairs with a decisive victory in the Normanby Stakes. On the Spring running Moonta held Cobbitty as safe as over one horse held another on paper, but the improvement effected in the Kirkham bred colt upset both form and figures, and I take it that the three quarter brother to Camoola is now on the high road to classic honours, Cobbitty commenced his career disappointingly by rendering a poor display in the Maribyrnong Plate, and both Mr. C. M. Lloyd and Walter Hickenbotham were quite unprepared for his subsequent victory over a big field in the Nursery Handicap. As he only carried 7st. Lab. in the last-named event, the difference in form was ascribed to the difference in weight, and as he was subsequently defeated by Regina and Moor to in the Flemington Stakes when asked to carry 8st. 10lb., in- capability to carry weight was again set forth 03 his weak point. HIS singularly fine performance on New Year's Day shows that he has mastered this serious difficulty, and, unless I am very much deceived, Cobbitty will prove himself even a better and more consistent race- horse than his near blood relative, Camoola, whom he very much resembles in his style of locomotion. I could not help noticing this similarity as Cobbitty indulged in his preliminary, especially the peculiar freedom with which he throws out those front legs of his, he having successfully imitated Camoola in this respect. There can be no doubt about Cobbitty being a natural galloper." Parramatta, who won the Standish Handicap last week, is a black mare, 5 years, by Sheet Anchor from Emblematic, and is the property of Mr. H. V. Crassweller. The first horse to finish in the Standish Handicap was Lord Hopetoun, and Sternohaser occupied a similar position in the Bagot Handicap. Two great guns gone lusty. The Auckland News says that the foals sired by the Musket horse Cuirassier, during his first season, are very promising. Two colts in particular show looks in every way in keeping with the celebrated Musket family. Rosie, the full sister to St. Hippo, has a remarkably fine colt at foot ; but the one liked best is the colt from La Dauphine, whose growth will be watched with much interest. I Of the Trenton Spring Blossom borne Sprig of' Myrtle the Zeehan Planters' Gazette says :- I "The Nordic of every one who saw him was big as a bullock are soft as butter, and it is true, as the horse is very far from racing He is a particularly temperate and lazy one, and therefore the right sort to Bland a heavy propa- ration. He is a rare nice racing looking bag, but not all that, from the glowing accounts we were given of him, we expected, and is, we confess, a disappointing one to look at We have not it is true, yet had an opportunity of seeing him move but he is a sluggish, sleepy looking one, and does not show himself off to the best advantage when going slow He is of course, at present all soft fat, and it is not fair to pass judgment on him, as he is bound to look a lot different when be gets some muscle on over his back and loins He is a dark bay, with all four fetlocks white, and stands about IS J He is well set on his legs and has a breedy look about him, though in looks his rival, Highborn, can give him pounds " According to an English writer nothing can now rob Tom Loates of first place in the list of winning jockeys He has been doing well since the returns were made upon 17th Note in but So far he had ridden 810 times, and won 213 races Next came Cannon, 004 mounts, 137 wins, G Barrett, 541 mounts, 100 wins, Bradford, 588 mounts, 104 wins , Finlay, 100 rides, 99 wins, Watts, 315 mounts, 83 wins Cannon, who is to be married in about six weeks, has been taking a rest for a few days, and wisely too, because he was not well, and a holiday was needed. The sale of thirty of the Wellington Park yearlings last week realised a total of ri250 guineas. The highest prices were paid by Mr I S Hordern, who secured a bay colt by Castor from Frailty, the dam of Jahnsen, for 1575 guineas, and a colt by the same sire from Necklace for 100 guineas). It is strange, but true, that the Queensland colt Tridonlate has not been nominated for the Australian Clip The West Australian champion Wandering Willie was made a great favourite for the Perth Cup, 2 miles, at the New Year meeting of the W A T. C, but he failed to get a place The winner turned up in Scarpia, who won the Cup two years previously, and The Imp was second, and The Magistrate third, time, 3min. 45sec 