. The Missing Coat. Hy name is Frederick Putnam. I have Jjeen the last 10 years foreman and book keeper of the lumbering establishment of William Winpton and Company. Mr. Wins ton is the resident partner and manager of flie business. The other members of the firm Eve in the city and attend to the sales of inmber which we send to them by vessel. One cold evening as I was preparing for Jjome I heard footsteps outside, and presently ft tall, stout, well-dressed man with a small travelling bag in one hand and a shawljover Ms arm entered the office. ' I was alone. ,* I had already put on my overcoat and was fcrrni-ng down thei light. : 'Good evening,' said the man, walking tj- to the stove and kicking the damper open vith his foot. ' Has Winston gone to the louse P' I answered that he had. ' Whew I I was afraid of it.' He drew cat his watch. ' I b-»m.11 not have time to go m,' he said. *' The train is due in 15 tninutes.' ' Is there anything I can do ?' I asked.. 'I wanted to leave some money with Jffinston. I intended to stop in town a day or two, but I have just got a dispatch that ja$fl me home.' ' What name, sir ?' 'Anderson, of Andersonville.' I knew h'Ti then, thotigh I had seen him but once before. He had been one of our best customers. I say had been for the reason that during the last year his pay jnmts had not been so prompt. In fact, he was considerably behind, and Mr. Winston had that very day told me to write to him and '.'punch him a little,'. as he expressed i it, The letter was then in the breast pocket I of my overcoat. ' You can leave the money with me, sir ; I ?will give you a receipt,' I. said. He Beemed to hesitate, which nettled me. I never blamed anybody since, however. I ' How much is my bill ?' he asked, eyeing me sharply. 'Eleven thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars and twenty-three cents,' I answered promptly, for I had Btruck the balance not more fhw-n half an hour be fare. ' Humpb. J Less than I supposed. Write tne out a receipt for that amount.' | He left the stove and came and looked ever my shoulder while I wrote. u It is all right, Mr. Putnam. I know you now. You've been with Winston a long time. I can tell your signature any j vhere.' I He drew from an inside pocket a wallet, cad counting out 11 piles of bank notes he fold me to count them. It was a short and eaBy task, for each pile contained just 100 bills. The balance was in ffs and 20's. At t-»« moment we heard the whistle I from the station. Anderson sprang for. his I travelling bag, and giving me a- hasty .hand r shake was oft I closed the door ana counted the money again. Finding it right I 'Wrapped a piece of newspaper around it and slipped it into my overcoat pocket. I did not feel easy to have so much money about me, but as Mr. Winston's house was at least a mile distant I concluded to keep it until morning, when I could deposit it in the bank. ' I drew on my gloves, took the office key from the nail over the door, and walked over to extinguish the light. As I did so I saw cm the floor the jreceipt I wrote tot Mr. Anderson. He had dropped itin his hurry. I put it in my podket and thought no more a&out; it, only that I -would -rnn.il it to Tifm. I could have done it then, but as the hist mail for that day had gone on the jfcrain which took Mr. Anderson I could do it just ae well in the morning. Then, too, I was in something of a hurry that night, for I had an appointment -with a young woman -whom 1 hoped would be my wife before many months. t hastened to my boarding- house, ate my Bnpper, and then went over to the home of my intended bride, wearing the coat with flie money in it, as I did not feel easy about kavingitinmyroom. Carrie was at home, and leaving nay coat and hat in the hall I went into the parlor. At 10 o'clock, when I pre pared to leave, Carrie went into the Tm.11 for my coat and hat that I might put them on by the fire, but she came back with only my kt. I ' Why, Fred,' she exclaimed, you certainly ! did not venture out on such a night as this Without an overcoat ?' ' No coat 1' I cried in a dazed way, for flie thought of the money flashed upon me Bo suddenly that it almost stunned me. The next moment I tore past her like a Tnaj^n^aTij as I was. The coat was gone ! Then I was unnerved. I grasped at the stair-rail, and ! caught it just in time to support myself. Oatrie came running out, her face pale with alarm. ? tt . ' . ' ' Oh, Fred, are you ill ? Let me call mother and the doctor 1 You are as white ae a sheet.' u No, no, Carrie I' I entreated. « There, I on better now.' And I was better. I was strong all at once— desperately strong. And what brought about t-^g change? That simple receipt which I had in my pocket. Ander son had nothing to show that the money W been paid, and was not my unaided [ Word as good as his? I was foolish enough to believe that I could brave it through, and I grew confident and quite 'easy at oace. ? . * There, Carrie,' I said gently, ' I am much better now. The room was too warm, 1 guess. So some sneaking thief has dodged in. and stolen my coat ? Well, let it go. It Was an old one, and now I'll have a better toe.' .,. . ' :-??: . . 'But you must not go, out without an overcoat,' 'the deargpl answered, f and if you will wait just ^moment! willget you one of father's coats to wear home.' She did so, find I started for home. Yon may guess that my slumber that night was not sound tor refreshing. I never passed a more miserable night. ^ : u Why, Fred, you look as though you met a legion of ghosts last night,' said Mr. Win ston, as he came into the office the next, onming. ** What is the matter f' ? '** I did not sleep well,' I answered, with a .smile. ' By the way,' continued my employer, 'did you . write to Anderson as I re quested ?' : I do not know how I managed to reply, for the question set me shivering from head to foot, and I was so weak that I could scarcely sit in my chair. I must have answered in the affirmative, however, for he said — ' Then we may look for something from him to-morrow or next day.' Immediately afterwards he added, 'Why, Fred, you shiver as though you had the ague, and you are sweating like a butcher ! You're ill, man ! Come, jump into my trap, and Fll take you home.' I was glad of the chance to get away, and on reaching 'home I locked myself in. Ah, those were terrible hours I passed, and night brought no relief. Can you guess what I was meditating ? Coward that I was, I had resolved on self- destruction. I began , my preparation with the same calmness and deliberation that I 'would have used in the most common transaction. I wrote a Bhort explanation to Carrie, another for Mr. Win ston, a third for my mother. In a fourch envelope I enclosed the receipt to Mr. Anderson. All this accomplished, I went to my wardrobe and took out my revolver. Having examined the cartridges to make sure there 'would be no failure, 1 sat down before the fire . and placed the pistol against . my forehead. In another second I should have been lifeless, but just as my finger began to press the trigger there was a tap j on my door. It startled me, and easily concealing my weapon I called out that I could admit no one. 'Not me, Fred?' I knew Carrie's voice, and a yearning to look once again into her loved face mastered me. Quietly slipping the tell- tale letters -which I had left on the table into my pocket, I opened the door. ' Oh, Fred, you are really ill ?' exclaimed Carrie the moment the light fell on my face. ' Why did you not send for me ? Aren't you better?' 'Worse,' I answered huskily. 'But Carrie — good heavens 1' Ab I uttered this exclamation I started back and then forward, for hanging across Carrie's arm was my overcoat. Recovering from my astonish ment, I drew from the pocket ll,760dol 23c You have heard about the singular capers of a madman or the wild antics of those crazed with rum, but judging from what Carrie told me and from the appearance of my apartment -ifter it was over I am led to believe that I was far more grotesque. Then I asked for an explanation. It was, the simplest thing imaginable. I do not know why I had not thought of it before. It was a blunder of Carrie's father. He had mistaken my coat for hit* own and had worn it down town, never thinking that a fortune was lying in the pocket. I sent Mr. Ander son his receipt, handed the money to Mr. Winston,- and- went on with my duties a; wiser and, I hope, a better man. — Thomas G. TVTitoTiftTl, in Dbake's Magazine. 