HQW I TRIEDTO KEEP MY HAIR ON. A TALE OF BITTER; EXPERIENCE. Not long sir.oe, I mado an alarming discovery with regard to tho Btato of my hairi Perhaps I should say that it was made for me by tbo interested klndntss of my frionds. They began to put a groatar dopth of feeling into their injunctions to "keep my hair on.'' With the help of two glosses I managed to verify their fears.- The hair on the top of my head was certainly becoming vory thin. What could bo dono to save it P I am by no means particular as regards appearance, but Btill, at my age, tho idea of a wig was a littlo alarming, nor did I wioli to look liko a juvenile statue of old ago. I receivod littlo comfort from my friends. They assured mo that my condition was desper ate. I am nob aware that they showed any groat rospeot to my hair in tbo days of its prosperity ; but now thoy. seemed to regard it aa by fur tbo most important part of my personality. Tbcir solicitude would havo beon flattering werc it not so alarming. My fears wero enhanced by the dismal fore bodings of my barber. He began by enlarging on the terriblo nature of baldness in general, nnd tho unnlteviated horror of my baldness. To judge from his remarks, _ man wos created for the purpose of wearing hair. Hair, he said, is tlio glory of tiie man (I thought it bad boon the glory of the woman). A man without hair might us woll dio ; ho lias missed tho truo end of bis being. Life without hair is uttorly worthless. Trying to bo facetious, I quoted a profane version of one of Watt's hymns : . " Man wants but littlo hair below ; " but be sternly chcoked any such lovity. He did not believe that -Watts aver wroto suoh a line ;- if be did| bo was no Christian. _ Having brought my feelings to a pitoh of suicidal intensity, I was just about to implore the aid of a neighbouring razor, whon he sud denly held furtli a glimmer of hope. The barber had a " preparation," he-snid— a magio preparation, a miraculous preparation. It had actually restored the depnrtod hairs of a gentlemen similarly affiiotcd. If rightly used, this magio preparation would bring a good and beautiful hair from every root on tiie head. This eloquence in describing its effoot wus really touohing and poetical. Tears welled into his eyes ns lio described thn gratitude of the gentle man already monlionod. This precious ointment was prepared by himself alono ; no ono else know tho secret. 1 might tako it or leave it. Hu would do me a bottle at three-nnd-nine- pence, and the conscientious use of a dozen bottles or so, would work wonders. Somehow or other I . resisted these seduo- tioiiB. Perhaps some fiend had hardened my heart ; I declined the preparation, and fled. Rut at last the scattered hairs upon my head began to grow lengthy, like limp ends of coLton, nnd I sought another barber. I told him thnt I wanted my hair cut, and ho grimly asked " Which ono ? " I said he might tako a little off all round, and be enveloped me in tho usual flowing mimtlo Thon he, began. He was a man of a religious disposition,' anil he said that the days were ovil. Hair waa deterio rating generally.- He drew a sad pa/allol botwoen atheism and want of hair ; in his, eyes thoy seemed to be tho satne thing. The crimes, the follies, tbo vices of Ihese latter days, were all the fruit of a lack of hair. " But there is yet a hope," he said. " I have a preparation." I gathered up my hat and vanished. This was more than flesh and blood eould stand. I wrote a letter to the " Times." aud suggested that " preparations " should be taxed. . But my hair did not improve. If I had met a ghoKt, thore were not many hairs on my bead tbat could have stood on end. The ghost would probably have recommended a " preparation." It is humiliating to a ghost to meet such a man. Aftor trying several other barbers, I at last mot ono who aotuuily cut what hair I had left without mailing uny remark. The strange omis- siou so surprised me, that I ventured to start the topic myself. " Rather weak, isn't it ? " 1 suggested.' " Yes, sir ; 'tis a littlo weak,' sir." What n remarkable man ! To Bay the hair was a littlo weak ! " What do you think is the cause?" I asked. ' Oh, sir, no doubt it's , owing to1 your ail ments." I modrBtlydisaiaimodsny special ailments. - But whatever little ailments you may have flics, to tho hair. Sir," ho continued. " Good gracious ! I wish thoy would atop there. But perhaps it is caused by much brain work ?" " "Very likely, sir ; that often oausea it.", " Or perhaps by insufficient mental activity " Yes, sir; undoubtedly." . This was not quite conclusive, but the good man did not seem to havo any brighter ideas to offer ; nor, to judge from his silenoe, had he ony " preparation." I'ricnds pursue theirevil courses. Th'ey regard my hair ns a fit subject for jesting, and uot accordingly. Thoy beg for single hairs, as memeutoes, if I oau spare them. ' One of thein lolil me that I should soon be without any heir-apparent, and 1 did nut feel amiable to him for weeks.. Just as I had for given bim, ha brought out the wretched thing ngain ; and I threatened, in the words of the " Frivato Secretary," to give him " a hard knock." But, knowing that friends are given as a triul to our patience, I try to forbear, even wbeu they recommend articles that will make, my hair cur!.—" Wit «pd Wisdom." 