A ITiVEf,07 C(OR P . ?'HERE is no telling wh a n party it -Labsolutely dead in the Unilod States. A few years ago it was implicitly belioved by some people that the I)elocracy was dead. Just now the same plediction is being made in regard to Ithe Republican party. Whenever we read in a Republican paper that the D)omocracy is dead, or vice versa, 'we are very much reminded of that yarn about Shockors. A man named William I). Shuockers died in Wilmnington. It seems that theor wts Another nman in the city beharing precisely the samen namle, and w1hen 1 he dealth wais anlnounced a good nmany of his friends thought he was (lead, andl tlty revolved to go to tihe funeral. On the day of.the funeral .he livilng Shuckers also tilnghlt he would go, partly for Ithe purpose of acertainlling how it elt to panrticipale in tlt obsequies of a man named William It. Shlckelrs. He took up pisition in thile vesttholeo, lndr as the moutrnors were about to coma out, a friend of his, Ilnlld Jolee, aow him. The lirel impulise of .lunes was to rush through tihe kitchen and climb sud denly over tile back fenlce but lie controlled hliself, and after poking Shockers in the ribs with his umbrella .to dcteml.iilo aposi. tively that ie woas not ai ghost, Jones oremarked ; " Why, Shuckers, whlt on easth are you doing haoret W\hy ain't you in your collin ?" " Coffin I" exclaimed Shuckers, " wha d' you mean 1 What do I want with a coflin " " Mr. Shubkeors, you know you are dlead. Why, tihey oat up all tbis gsrgigeou funeral for you,.a[I thoe cearlatsee' and imnll'hearers and thlilgs; anid the nlergynm(ai's just been payiug you oplrndid' co1 llilents Lhat any tpmil man mighit be 1I1 ull0 of.-" " tllt [tell you I'lo l.nt dead. I'm as much alive as you are." "Tliere is no uies of arguing the ptoint, Shockolrs; the occnaioll is too eoleiinl for controversy. But if you have alny considters. tLiai for the feelings of your bererced family owho are weeping like lmad upslairs, and for the undertaker who is waiting inside there with the screw.driver', you will go anld get ilnto your coil n and behave. It's indecent to carry 01on so at youir own fiuiri l." ".Jlne1, lay boy," sait Shockers, ".you have illislakell " ",No, I'm not mitiakeu you're dead, teclhnically dead, anyhow. It has beau ainnounced in ll the ppatel, your rulations have gone into mourning, Iho iaoned o a 'trllle has passed resolnllans of lrllreal, the eplicluhre lns been i dug, lp there ii the cemetery, and the mvidretaker iha gtone to eooluilerhblou exieno se o loter yol comfort. ably. Now, go alid lie dawn, won't youl ?" "h Hin: the underlaker" 0(h1 Slihckers. No, I'll not lie dnown. I'll ecuo yo in I(rnsiis first." " Now, aeo hero, Shuokere, I cime here to attend your funeral, and I'm nit going to be ballied by inlly unIseeoy condulIct o n'the iart of thle cor)so. Oh yon needn't look marl at me I-either you getl back into hlit cotllin so's teo lid can be enoawed IIn iand the procession clni mau oil, or I'll init you in there by force: 1 ilnanmlllle remcins like you oiu go scool.ting 'rolnlrl in llis incena. dinay manll l'ner, we'll soon liove thll cOIIeterles unloedilng and tho u tuniulnmbred dead crowd. il.g out and wanlting to vote." Then Jones called hie inidertlkelr, who kntocked Shauikers down wil a cane n id held him until he explained, and until thes, careld untdleralker recovered his eiluniilimity which left hhil nt tlhe bare suggestion that the olrpse i;eas loose. T'hen I ho funeral moved ol to the cemeterly and JoneI wont home, while Shuiclktrs 'proceedeld to ain aidermailn' omfile to swear' out i wlarlant agaillnst the ulndertobkor foi' ia ialt anlld blttery. He inteads to change hie nm0 Ito n D)uyltinck. t TilE MAN 1FROM PONY (IULCf LC Ife was a lentern.jawed, rawr.boned speol- I men of a man, and le rllehed into the Cown- I boys' Retreat witllh a lhoop. "Karbunierwow I Wal~' to knotw who I amn? - Pm tilhe cyclone front Puny Gulch--lthe lighltnin' and the howlin' thitulur'-tlhe , great' untatned ecnnmount-bhat's whatI'l 111 I" f "Course yOU are," said' Tootles sooth.L ingly.. " Yo're the sinoon of I.lie desert and the terror of'the hull coiunLry-- hat,'s ihatlyou are I" " WhVlop-I'm ia bad man I" he howled, p)innlg roiundiil likO ilop. Then lie jinll Od i ilito thle air, Ald cama ionwn gat on blia feetc so'lthi buillllg sheiveredt. "I lshake the I earthl-that's what I do I -You know le, t Toot?". "Well, I alhould say so; olo blue tIle." n "You all kupwme?, don't'you, boys?" - " You bet."'. . 'Colmoe Ul-comela 1, every nuothor's son o' ye, tnI' drink wine withi the bad imhn from the ls ulch." ' 'Every on1e tarrtel for the biar illth the exception ofa quiet nlranger, whoonit in the corner w'il-ll a iqueer little box ni his lilp. 1I *" Come iII here you -yelled tIle T'lerrl'. 1 "uliooo to l'lt, whore 1 inm," oild the stratger, cantlly. "1f yoau waLt n'o' drink, drink And dlon't bol hr me, t Every one wasstricken Imule with ulonishl ] lellnt. Refu.e to' tlHik with" the Terror I The uaou was certainly temptalig ilte lThe Terror rubbedl his hadl over his foreheud in a vcantlt kind of wnoy, I. thoughll he colildn'lt. undereltnd it. 't'hen he let anll a wllrnlwhonp, uand ladloe three , julmlps loi the.lranger. - "hhit't'aliioh' to. drink with mnl, hey? \Von't drlik'b withole .Ightlni' when yer ihsked l" a He ermnedl hlis iicl :fornarwrd until hlis noseR was within tw'o inlclies of the slrllgel's; who thleleupon broughtL h lis mlid around ain knocked Ihle fice o, of hlis way'. " Yoeir bleallh isk awhful," W oall hi sold ; ii ll .old Tootes - Ihll y pilpltated " with xcitement. . \Vhat would Lhe Terror dto now? I i lilushing nto the mIille of the room the bald lnn Iuegdln'Lto uldres.s, ' "H J's dlelied the cyclon,'e,' in' t=he calnt inusnt'go' i 'lal Irove' .-'1iThe II'llglinhii gahn te otrike; -\\\' ?tchll;" h willi a hoctfloulllislf of lists;but the ,tr'lilgorl sat stock still, andnouter inovced ,'cu Iliil as t mn tl11.1e. . A As ii iludeln 0l dl'nggiing hhn. to tho bnar Ih lhiild nm1an caughtI inhl if tle boxs i -L the rsI aiigeila knicee 1i1l11 hlineillilcly Iillt dnrow with ainn wli' b ihi n hato IIlI; thoak llhoelf1 Irl elit aIgalin, niiil wclnt dowrll again, l i 'l'hlIs'wi einoughulln il t ,he yclonq tliJsldd ,i iLto a mld re''llyl, a ifed i Itself olt if theldoolrwithou ll i n1rl, . ri:eii the qiliot, 0 gllot p I0l ililigly, iinii loch setie Qeiiidthoin iI liarlet. l"ie a denbiltt 'litihlulelel '' luihlil' 'Illn ieethl wilthont lohl iy Ihe s llo ieleclltly'01 My Ilimhniln Igo "ulfolr ydlu iaveust aeenl it strike '~lhere lsy'eiliY cll ri I ,Tweniy'(ih ceats ianr ladtllh 1 il If s wltli yol bor' a ife dlays in thl? ru'er ol li."low'ew'rOstaoe. (likv Aiiild it is1l lie itiiL to obsorva that il liytowni Irl et' ll tL tillitlil'n Ihlllluu~iuq lit pi'bhecatii thliey hlid elther seen irt lucid letoi l?hAd flootere ;lle bad Il1l101 rom thIn l Ii abstncernket the iw ite grow flidert' d, SI sold 10 librliot itill . "Piehtips; deailt'o; tual'l iei -- rllt;: f Andibteolthe hi'ck t 'aIll' e \+ -? ; .. .. A nId'il l e . Alh, 11e I S'e whilleperedl lou,• " Y '0ill better go, Far absence makes the heart gronw fluiderl" Don't be a baoy nllni for hie an oely slhovel show- in suelner or clit gris in wlintelrI Therehore he li always rilbt of a joh. fThlie sendtilirilt ol lltprgn jwgiIlf In h sil Ik Wstoavoks (It)( 