A SOLDIER'S SECRET. *' ~-BV.— CAPTAIN CHARLES KING. [Copvbigut. All Hiciits RbsiihvkdJ American /'rest Attoeialion. CHAPTER XV. ' Kiv8ily;!Bnouflli, doctor. :£ pimply. *«»k a light rope pud jyiftigdiiif! li%ak from tli^flnv; liouse, *ci1iil'«(l*ip uifrt'pa.r^ioix^i lit lltp. end away from where;: KatM^ru Aid fH\ urpliy ? wi'iv, went along jjie sojiiIi slope, of the main rone to the chimnny, shins; the IOPH about it and lowered myself gently to itiH balcony, thru (drew ofl* my ovorcoat and stood at (lie . open window. Shu hud j*oik-, nm' I thought 1 wilt too Inle, Imt i-atching si«lit of (tn: very jiijluie whose returtislic Itnii denmiidi'd aiul wltifii I linrl kwnfii in lini-j« nnnin Ac U'l'lf flK to see her, I was just piilvring when I heard lier fstcp upon llu- Ntnira. I -li-l not son tier. I do not si«e lion- it was possible (or her to see me; yt't liiere cr.ine tlmt £crenui of terror, and tin- fill wnd then tins rush. U all flashed over me «f iin infitnnt tlint I Imd hpon guilty of » ntn-] l-mifn-d |irank — (Jinl it would never ?hi to liu ciraylit -liere; it ?coo Id never lit1 ex-, plained. * 1 Avus np on th« iw-f in a second, snatched nw-ny the hook and rope, crouched down In tlm buck pot-cli, wniteii n mnuipi.t fur Murphy nnd Kathleen to run inside, t«-tn slid to lji(- grmi'id, hid llie rope under the wooiSpiln in the dml- cellar, squerr.cil through n gup in lint fence i..t-» tint cnptaiitV yard in-xt donr — tiwy were nil over nt itie H.ie lelts' — then doipied my overrent mid joined tlio niisii running \ip from .tint laundrvssVs quartern. Late at night, as the sentry told Captain Rolfe,'i went liack, ostensibly to yet iny pipe, and recovered the rope, mid hook. That was all.' 91-olden ponders n moment : 41 My wife tins told mo what she knew of your interview wil'h Mr. Gutlirie after poor jack's dentil ; liul Mi's): Uutlilie woald never speak of what passed between herself mid you.' Oirth'pale, clear cnt face. -lie lines of ?rnrennd sorrow nud pvivatiou wrm to deepen. The shadows darken about the inournf ill eyes. *' 1 suppose I should never linve lilmiii'd her -is ;] did,' ho answers, ' but I was mad with grief over Jack, « it ii helpless, hopeless indig auit ion over Pen/iva!'* accusation ; nnd then, -if all 'Others, to have her turn nguinst me as she did— l hat was tlie bitterest cup! Her fqlher's influence in her overwrought condi tion was what did it, I suppose ; Imt she ?drovo me front her sight as though i uvrrin -iei'd a felon, demanded the return of. every dine and Iriuket she hud cvor given ine— eieji 4 lint prized little curie, do visitc I hud carried ailiout me for a year. It. was then, when she -declared she would never look upon my face n^nin. llmt I went wild with niisry, or des fmir, 1 tmppose. I swoit tliat siioner or later tile should see hip, and that lx:foie 1 died her picture would 1)0 linck here in its old place, mill then I left her. God knows, tin- exper iences ef the years that followed illicit lmve knocked the romantic nonsense out of any ttiaiL My poor sister seemed to In: the only one who hail any faith left in me. I wan dered all over the west as Ralph Krrotl, miii 'ifii ' xrtdi staking,' workins like a do;;. *? I was starving in the hills when Urcws ter came to my aid. I couldn't take Ins money without telling him something of my story, but 1 gave no nauies. He. doesn't know to-day anything aliout thn old tiuul.le — doesn't dream that he veil knows tlip jioaple who were once my most cherished friends. It was through him 1 enlisted, and vjrliui three niontlis a mine 1 had located »nil yet couldn't Bell for a dollar Ih^hii to |-ny. By the tiinp we reached Pawnee my duiif intiMiest in it proved worth all my years t\l toil. Then I thought to sue her a^uin — 4odk mf furlough at the very time lierfntlier was west tryinp to (ind me and undo the «ronglit'iHad donp, and — you know the rest. Klin waslliere, and I returned only to learn ?Jiivl. slto M-itfi aliout to leave, and that Captain Itolfe w«s tier accepted lover. IJi aided, nyed, «md unifonned as 1 was, I lielieved t-lio would tiot know *m\ «m if ho were to niwt face «n fare, and l«'lievin^, more, that no festive -if I lie regard sJie OU'C felt f.ir me remaitii-d, lii'liewnj;, ton, lhat tlie was to uiiirry Ouptain Ilolfe, 1 wns I. it (or, l.iulal, mail --nough to strive to carry out tlmt vow. Twicu 1 had M'en her on that tialiony on the moonlit evi'ii in^s, and I determined tlinl (In- night of hrr -h-partuFe Mie tliould see me for the last time. Ynu tcuotv (liu rest. I thuvvd -.'l-'un, so as to look ns much as possible as I did in the old -lays, wore my civilian dress and — nearly killed her. ' It was a Cxarful experiment,' says Hol il.-n, gravelj-. ' Aliout the muddest thing -ou i'lHild hu-e cIi-ih-. ' ' 1 was mud, douioi; n hen I In aril she was 1o mnrry him. Had knows I have realized it daily, hourly, ever sinc«\ And yet, liow could die liav« seen uie ! She never reached the door.' 'Simplest tliiiijj in the world. Nolliiu' l-iit tlieokl |uiiK'iple in optics — the an^Ut of incidnicA, and (he nu^le of reflection. That loirror over (Ik1 toilet ladle did the jiili. 1 huw you in I lie uiomilight at the l.ulcony window when you vould set: me in the dark hull, nnd neither of us could have seen the ? ??her had tlie minor l-ei:n away. Nou* here's Air. Outline. Mind yo i, you've, pot to make Hinends for that hiircluHiiied pel foi'inance at Pawnee; so no word of reproach to him. lies old and l.ruk.-n.' Three miiiuteK lul ? r the clerk had rutiied, nfter ushering llolili'ti and his friend into tlie priwito ollice. 'J'lie iiiblunt the Intch has | iliclsed, a ^rnyliiiiritl soi-ruw-strickeii mtiu, j terns standing m his ladiny eyes, hands quiv- ??i-ins and trentl-lins, loiters forwtud, and ? night linve full. mi Imt f'.r the strong anus I li:-! catch and cl.isp him. ?' My hoy's friend '. niv I-oy'sfrii-nd — mIioiii ] fo «ron«ed!' h- fiil'i r*, and tlimi for avhile thciv in solemn bilencu. ^^r^(ii^^^v^^^4o!r;wiiipiH:*i; H0i'ji\flif^^i Kiii'ii it^phk8;Eiliiy^itl^l, ' J «baiMt iffy tloil 1 ^Srna nvivinjj -JV ;\: Ji ; . rOjie Scene tuoro. Pawui* again. :T-ip liliilit (rain has coiub from llie past. i:- Holden'a -avr- riaj;e is nt the stntion, and bo ia Dnijwster. .' ' All light f —all arranged f whispers tlm doptor, nslie cprings from Ihe car nnd graspi. the linuteijant's ln«nd. ? ' AH tiyht ! K1-nyon'n just left him,' an Hwers Curly, nnd then tauten Himself lifting the merry vhildrei, from tlienti'p, w.-lconiing Mrs. llold'u and eai-efully Hssisliug Kita g u thriH j.o^|ie ijyfogii:* . -r' ^ r 'IT T ' ' You' Jiappy^ fHilowa^jiKjm .«jiiVmurs, 'How rnji 1 «oimratuhi«e yw. 1 It's au nounci'd, is it tint V And for ii mniupiit she fseems, despite pallor mid fatigue, the old liiioyanr, radiant Nit*. ' Announced f answers Curly. ' My niotliiir-iii-iaw^ijjot -.G.-d.JjJessJi.er-^snyfi my fap- aiBi-miffiiM! it luAim that slentor 'could fp'ln'l dri|». fipi%,.'!P H-' *indincroad, though plKinly imrvous und excited, the fair 'cfiest iiovpv loses her prt^sence. of iiiind. Sh« liAS«niuetliiu!! appreciative to say ns they puss «-neh familiar ol.jr-i.-t— tlm lower Rale, where the spruce sentry stands «,t a carry in salute ; the guardhouse, where the relief .is just forming: the lirnnd west t;ate ; thn l.ri»htly lighted Imrracks across thn parade ; the group of trumpeti rs in I ho moonlight out under the tall, ijlLstening flagstaff. Then crimp, tho rush of Murphy and Kathleen to open thp door nnd assist them to alight ; the niptiirous greeting hetweeii the children and their Hilierniaii friends ; the fragrance of coff-c floating mi froiii the kitchen ; the. hickory logs snapping and sparkling in the rirepliu.-e ; tlie old fiiifiiliaV rooms ; the swing ing lamp in the hull. ' Welcome to Pawnee once more., Nita,' s:ivr Hnlden, clasping holli her hands. ?'We've had tiiousli nf p,i)« chpeks and dmoping spirits. We've brought you hero to recull llitt roses— to win you hack to joy nnd kealtli, aud to your own old room, Nitn. Now will you promise not fo fntnt this time, no limit'* what Kponks-you see T' ' She ii trembling violently. She looks into his lieaming Uee with eager, questioning, im ploring eyes. ' Come, denr,' whispers Mrs. H olden, ' I'm gning up with yan.' Tlie doctor suiiinioiis the children into the ?dinning room to se« thfi lov, ly flowers on the tnlile. Airs, llolden twines her arm aliout her cousin's waist, anrl up the stair they slowly go. Nita tremlden moro and more. Tltey are within a f«w steps -if the landing, and as they come in sight of tlie op»n door Nita shrinks closer to her cousin's side. Three steps more nnd in the dark chamher ihe.rn glenms that silvery shield of mirror lietweeu the dim white cuitnins, reflecting the daziliug moonlight 'from without. They reach the landing and Mi*s Outline pauses, lireatlitess, unnerved. She can go no far ther. ' Nita, it was no ghost you saw,' whis pers Mrs. Holden. ''Shall I call him ?' O:ie instant the lilun eyes dilate, wild with hope, incredulity, joy and fenr, nil inter mingled. Then there is the sound of a quick, sprin»iii2 step alone the hall. A -tail, dark haired, dark eyed soldi. t fnirly leaps toward them. Kita turns quickly at the sound, and Ilinii with outstretched arms throws herself forward to meet him. No terror, no au gufch now, hut, as slie is clasped to his heart, joy unutteralile in her stilled cry, in the one word — ' Harold !' Thr End. 