THE PUBLIC BALANCES. The following statement regarding the dis- posal of the' public balances on the 30th Juno last appears in the " Government Gazette" o£ Saturday last :-D-btor : Queensland National Bank, London-Extended deposit, £000,000; Queensland National Bank, Brisbane-Ex- tended deposit, £1,653,581 14s. 2d.; current account, £088,866 183. 4d,; Treasury notos, £222,000 - £2,562,451 I2s. 61.; Colonial Treasurer's coin account, £395,099 C3. 8d.; Agent-General, £41,152 7s.; Royal Bank Fixed deposit, £110,000; Treasury notes, £20,66613s. 4d.-£166,6(36 13s. 4d.; Bank of .North Queensland-Fixed deposit, £30,000; Treasury notes, £21,000-£51,000 ; Australian Joint Stook Bank - Extended deposits, £11,133 7s. 7d.; Treasury notes, £30,000 £41,133 17s, 7d.; Commercial Bank of Sydney -Treasury notes, £30,000; London Bank of Australia- Extended deposits, £441 ; English, Scottish, and Australian Bank-Extended deposits, £1812 15s. 9d.; Brisbane Permanent Banking Company-Extended deposits, £1555 2s. lid.-£3,951,312 15s. 9d. Credit: Loan Fund, £2,823,253 23. 2d.; trust funds, £257,778 12s. 9d.; Savings Bank, £740,4S6 Is. 5d.; Treasury notes, £774,766; Treasury bills, £12,C00 ; Bank of England, £138,037 9s. Ild.-£4,240,921 6s. 3d.; deficit, Consolidated Revenue, £295,008 10s. Cd.-leaving £3,951,312 15s. 9d. ? THE VOLUNTEER DIFFICULTY. The order for calling out the Volunteer Forces on Saturday, 23rd June, the occasion of Major-General Hutton's visit to Brisbane, was communioated to the Volunteer companies and corp3 by a memorandum signed by Major Chads and sent to eaoh Volunteer officer. Major Cahill, now senior Volunteer officer in the Southern district, wrote to Major Chads and drew his attention to clause 260 of the regulations, pointing out that the order calling out the Volunteer Force should have been communicated to the several corps through the senior Volunteer officer; and further, that the order sent out by Major Chads was in reality no order at all, because he (Major Chads) had no authority " to make or give such an order. Major Cahill stated that he had, however, in obedience to general order 117, issued a regimental order with referonce to the turning out of tho corps. He asked Major Chads to submit the matter to the Com- mandant, Lieutenant-Colonel Drury, for his decision. This was done, and the Commandant has forwarded the following memo, to Major Cahill:-"The Commandant regrets that th rou eli inadvertence tho* order for a parade on 23rd June, 1894, was not sent in tho first instance to the senior officer of the Volunteer Force in the Moroton division for communication to the various corps as laid down in regulation 260. Himself an old Volunteer officer, Colonel Drury would be the last man to disregard the rights and privileges of the Volunteer corps. He is pleased to notice that Major Cahill, Q.V.R., tho senior officer, did not hesitate to conform to the order, and requested the corps undor his immediate j command to make evo'ry effort to be present on , parade. Colonel Drury desires Major Cahill to ' be good enough to communicate these remarks to the officers of the Volunteer Force in the division, and ho may give them publicity if he should think fit to do so." HARBOUR BILL FOR BRISBANE. A bill " to constitute a Harbour Board for the harbour of Brisbane and for other purposes re- lating thereto" was reoently forwarded from ! the Treasury Department to the various Chambers of Commerce throughout the colony. Each copy of the bill was marked "private and confidential." The bill was intended as a model one so far concerned its main provisions, certain clauses to be altered to suit the requirements of the separate ports. The Chambers of Com- merce weie requested to consider the measure and make suggestions which would guide the Colonial Treasurer in dealing finally with tho bill. One of the chambers has not treated the matter as "privaie and confidential," and from particulars printed in a Wide Bay paper it is found that the Brisbane Harbour Board will consist of two non-elective members appointed by the Governor-in Counoii, and nina elective members ap- pointed by the Municipalities of Brisbane ¡ and' South Brisbane, the''1 Booroodabin j Divisional Board, tho 'Toowong Shire Council, and the Chamber1-of 'Commerce, | four members also boing elected by payers of dues and the owners or part owners of vessels whose names appear on the roll of electors. Aftor seven days tho,goods on which harbour dues are payable will be removed to the Queen's warehouse, and .sold after three months, or such longer period as the board may allow, ii the dues remain unpaid. In the case of perishable goods the chairman of the board may order them to bo sold at the expiration of forty-eight hours. APPLICATIONS FOR PATENTS. The following applications for letters patent have been accepted by the Registrar of Patents :-0. Stanislaus, Brisbane, publican, and \V. Fowler, Brisbane, coaohsmith, for "Automatic and adjustable vent for beor, wine, or spirit barrels ;" A. Oblasser and 0. Theryc, engineers, of Paris, for " Improvements in and relating to the manufacture of elcotrio accumu- lators;" J. Vaughan, of South Yarra, Vio toria, ironmaster, for " An improved lock nut ;" H. W. Lethero, civil ongineor, of Brisbane, for " Somi-portablo horso-power crano and sling ;" II. Lane, of Birmingham, engineer, and J. Pullman, of London, manufacturer, for " An improved method of nud apparatus for pro- ducing carbonic acid gas;" D. Drummond, of Glasgow, engineer, for " Improvements in apparatus for expressing sap or juice from fibrous canes and other materials." MOUNT COTTON IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY. The Mount Cotton Improvement Society gave a very enjoyable conoert and danoe in the ' board hall, Mount Cotton, on Saturday night last (writes our Cleveland correspondent). I There was a largo attendance, numbering quite one hundred. The programme comprised about twenty items, which were all well received and well rendorod, particularly songs by Mrs. Crust, Mr. Taylor, Mr. A. M. Wheeler, and Mr. M. Bloomer. Messrs. F. W. Peek, C. Longland, E. Bloomer, Alfred and Archie Wheeler, and Miss Krause also contributed songs. Mr. Peek gave a humorous reading, " The Bad Boy," Master G. M'Lennan a recita- tion, and Mr. J. A. Krause supplied the comió element, attired in striking disguise. Mrs. Taylor and Mr. M. Bloomer played the accom- paniments. An excellent Bupper was provided. Dancing waa kept up till midnight. The second half-yearly meeting of the society was held on Thursday night last, when the report showed a total of twenty-Beven members, and a balance^ of £1 13s. in hand. There had been an average of fourteen members at the meetings, the debates had proved instructive and interesting, and two valuable papers had been read by Mr. J. Smith, of Mount Cotton. Mr. J. Preston, J.P., was re-eleoted president, and Mr. F. Duhs secretary. With the funds in band and those realised by the ooneert it is intended to buy the j first boobs to form the nucleus of a refeience i library. It is in contemplation also to raise funds by entertainments and subscriptions to enlarge the hall by adding some 10ft. or 12ft. to it, the present capacity being too restricted for social and public purposes. SAD DROWNING ACCIDENT. A drowning .icoident occurred in the Kanga- roo Point Reach of the river on Saturday after- noon, the victim being a *'oung man named John Arthur Johnson. It appears that John- son, with two other men named, Joseph Buller and Jamo3 Roberts, were cruising about the river in a boat, and, when opposite the foot of - Main-street, they attempted to change oars, but ' Johnson and Butler overbalanced themselves and fell overboard. Butler, who oould swim a little, managed after a hard struggle to reach the shore, but Johnson, who was unable to swim, sank and did not rise again. The matter , was at once reported to Sergeant Kelly, o£ Kau- , garoo Point, and Constables Hill and Macna- mara were sent to drag for the body, but up to a late hour last evening had not boon success- ful. The deceased was l8 y< ars of age, and ay brother of Mr. Johnson, of Messrs. Gall and ¡ Johnson. ENTERTAINING SYDNEY CYCLISTS. The team o£ Sydney cjclists who are at present on a visit to Brisbane in connection with the sports last Saturday and the o li am pionship meeting on Saturday next, wem , entertained at a picnic to Cash's Crossing, South , Pine River yesterday by the committee of the I Brisbane Safety Bicycle Club. One of Jack- son's double-decker 'buses drawn by five horses had been secured, and this left the Metropolitan Hotel about 10 o'clock with about thirty cyclists on board, the-number com- prising representatives from all the bicycle clubs in Brisbane. Mr. Wyatt, one of the Sydney team, rodo out on his machine accompanied by the sub-captain and secretary of the Safeties. The des- tination was reachsd at 12.30, and pre- parations were at onoo made for dinner. -At 1 o'clock the company sat down to a cold collation. Dinner over, the secretary of the entertaining club, Mr. R. Sandeman, welcomed the visitors, and trusted that they would take away good impressions of Brisbane. Mr. Passau, manager of the team, replied, and spoke of the kindness and consideration that had been shown his team up to the present time. Mr. Wyatt, handieapper of the New South Wales Cyclists' Union, also responded, and remarked on the beautiful roads that Brisbane abounded in. He thanked the Safety Club for the manner in which the committee individually had endeavoured to make their stay a profitable and interesting one, and he would be able to tell his fellow cyclists in Sydney on his return what good follows the Brisbane boys were, and what pretty roads they bad to cycle on. He trusted that they would have a bumper gathering next Saturday, and that the Queensland riders would take down some of the Sydney cyclists. Messrs. L. A. Simpson and Barratt, of New South Wales also replied, as also did Messrs. W. Holdstock and C. Musgrave (captain and sub-captain of the Brisbane Safety Club). The party left at 2.30, and drove through to Bald Hills and into Sandgate, returning to town by 5.30. On the whole a splendid day was spent, and the visitors were given a fine opportunity of seeing the couniry. Mr. E. J. O'Connor has extended an invitation to the visitors for a picnic to Gold Creek to-morrow. THE GAIETY THEATRE. Mr. Slade Murray's New Oxford Speciality Company entered upon their seventh week at the Gaiety Theatre on Saturday evening last. There was a good house, the lower part of the building being crowded. The first iiem of the programme was an overture by the members o£ the company, entitled " Les Cloches," which was given in good style, after which Mr. Tom Edwards sang "Bing dem bells" in a manner which fouud much favour with the audience. " Whisper, and I shall hear," was rendered by Mr. A. Mola, who would not respond to an encore ; whilst Miss Pearl Akarman was called upon to repeat the last verse of her song and dance, "Cuckoo." "They're all gone" was given by Mr. J. 0. Hamilton, who made his first appearance with the company, and he lud to respond to a double encore. Miss Olive Delroy and Miss Mabel Lynn contributed a duet and dance, entitled " Happy as a butterfly," and were loudly applauded. Mr. J. Collins sang " The Grenadiers," which was very amusing ; and Miss Dot Harte, in her selected ballnd, came in for no small share of applause. "My Last New Girl," by Mr. «W. Stevens, was well received. The first part of the programme was concluded with an amuping farce, entitled " The Ghosts." In the second part the Leopold Brothers went through their acrobatic marvels successfully, and showed great skill in their tumbling. Mr. J. Collins sang a number of hii favourite ditties, which called forth rounds oí applause, and Miss Pearl Akerman accotn. plished some very difficult acrobatic feats. Miss Dot Harte and Mr. Will Stevens wnro entertaining in their society sketches. Mr. Slade Murray found much favour with his, comio songs, " Lonely Moments," " Good old has been," and "I wasn't so drunk," which wtro loudly applauded. Misses Delroy and Lynn wuro encored for their songs and dances. Mr. J. 0. Hamilton sang " 'E dunno where 'e are" very successfully, and in response to an oncore gave an exhibition of olog dancing, for which he was loudly cheered. The performance concluded with tho very laughable farce, " The Arrival of Casey," in which Miss Melroso successfully took the part of the landlady, and Miss Akarman, Messrs. Will Stevens, Slade Murray, and T. Edwardes were the lodgers. A " cyclists' night" is announced for this evening. BEENLEIGH NOTES. Captain Barker, the popular commandinj; oflloer of the Beenleigh detachment of iho Moreton Mounted Infantry, has received universal congratulations on resuming com- mand of his company. Mr. J. F. Hollis, tho manager of the Queensland National Bank, is leaving here to take up the management of a larger branch. His loss to the township will bo a severo one, and is generally regretted, although his promotion is looked upon as well deserved. Besides his business capacities Mr. Hollis has been an enthusiastic cricketer and lawn tennis player. He is to be succeeded here by Mr. Brett, the manager of the closed Southport branch. SOUTHPORT SCHOOL OF ARTS. The adjourned annual meeting of the Sohool of Arts was held on Saturday last (writes our Southport correspondent). The report stated that although it could not be said that the instiiution wa? in a very flourishing condition, still there were grounds for congratulation on the result of the year's operations, and Hie financial position was somewhat more satis- factory than was the case a year ago. There had been a falling off in the receipts from letting the room for entertainments ; but in other respects the income had shown con- siderable improvement. Subscriptions and "aonations amounted to £47, against £38 for the previous year, and the Government endow- ment received during the year was £24 17s., against £16 15s. The total receipts, however, showed a falling off of £10, but the expendi- ture had been brought down from £120 to £89, ! or about £110s. less than the actual receipts, The committee regretted the closing of the reading-room, which had been found to bo necessary from economical considerations. No new books had been purchased during the last twelve months. The number of books in tho ' library was 1400, and 1800 books had been issued during the year. Messrs. Kirk and Martin were elected respectively vice-president and treasurer, Messrs. Welch and Andrews joining the committee. FIND OF LEATHER NEAR BEEN- LEIGH. Our Beenleigh correspondent writes on Fri- day la3t'as follows:-It will be remembered that a few days ago a strange discovery of over thirty sides of leather took place at Eagleby, it being concealed in a brick tank. On this becoming known to Mr. J. B. Hall, Official Trustee, he at once took steps to have a magis- terial inquiry into the insolvency of Feidinand Christoffel, saddler, of Beenleigh. The inquiry was held yesterday, before Mr. Pugh, P.M., and continued throughout until II p.m., when it was adjourned till this morning. It has been continued all to-day, and is now adjourned lill Monday. The evidence, whioh is voluminous' points to the fact that the leather and saddlery were in Christoffel's possession at Mellum Creek, and were supposed to havo been bur it there in a fire which ocourred at Christoilel's premises some four years ago. After tho fire Christoffel became an insolvent, and although the fare theory was disbelieved and diligen searoh was made in Beenleigh, whither the insolvent returned, no trace could be found of the goods until the accidental discovery men- tioned in the Courier recently. A meeting of gentlemen interested in public affairs in the Valley, convened by the chairman of the Booroodabin Divisional Board, Mr. William Stevenson, was held at the board ?office on Friday evening last, to consider the advisableness of endeavouring to obtain the establishment of cold storage accommodatiom at deep water in Fortitude Valley in connection with the dairy and farm produce trade. It vras decided to hold a public mooting to-morrow in the Valley Hall. The prizo essay competition, under the auspices of the Queensland Society for the Pre- vention of Cruelty, for school boys or girls under 16 years of age, was held in the Normal Sohool on Saturday. There were fiity-eight scholars entered, thirty-eight of whom attended. .The subject chosen was " The need of the sooiety's work in pre- venting cruelty to children and animals." The scholars were divided into seotions according to age. A gold medal and a silver medal are to be presented as first and second prizes respec- tively in each class. In Class A, for scholars 12 years and under, eleven entered ; in class B, for scholars 13 and 14 years of age, seventeen entered; and eleven entered in class C (or scholars 15 years of age. The adjudicator?, Messrs. P. Hardgrave, J. F. Horsley, and F. Curnow, will announco their awards on or before Saturday next. It is probable that the Chief Secretary will take advantage of the trip of the Lucinda to the Bay with the Cabinet to-day (writes our Southport correspondent on Saturday last) to go «s far as Southport for the purpose of in- specting the ruinous state of the foreshore. While there the bon. gentleman will be inter- viewed by the chairman and members of the Divisional Board with a view to a Government loan of £3000 wherewith to erect a sea wall for the purpose of preventing further ravages. The all day of prayer in connection with the No. 6 District of the Women's Christian Tem- perance Union was held in Albert-street Schoolroom on Friday last. The attendance, though not large at first, increased as the day advanced, and the proceedings were necessarily varied by the change of presidents each hour. The colonial president, Mrs. Brentnall, opened the meeting at 10 o'clock with a fitting address upon Isaiah xhx., 23, dwelling upon the word .? wait." She was followed at 11 o'clock by Mrs. Sagar, who said she felt the keynote of the union should be praise. Mrs. Carvosso assisted ?with a well-chosen Bible-reading from Psalm exxvii., and was followed by Mrs. Purnell with her usual praotical conversation upon consecration, based upon I. Corinthians, xii. At 1 o'clock Mrs. Richardson, Albion, presided, and after reading Isaiah lv., called upon Mrs. Clough, who feelingly rendered "Peace, perfect peace," which was followed by a Bible-reading from Psalm 145. Miss Lee also took part, and referred to prispna.' At 2 o'clock Mrs. Outrim, Ithaca, presided, and earnestly spoke from Romans, xii. The Rev. Mr. Jamieson ably assisted, and enlarged upon " Brethren pray for us versus Sisters pray for us." At 3 o'olock Mrs. Murray presided, and read Miss Willard's able address recently delivered in London from the words "The Master is come, and calleth for thee," Calcu- lated to rouse all workers, and gave the golden rule to all character, as set forth in Colossians iii., 17. Miss Prico then effectively sang " Speking for Jesus." The last hour of the meeting was presided over by tho distriot president, Mrs. Harrison. The Rev. Mr. Harri- son vividly portrayed Abraham's importunate prayer, and urged all to defimteness of prayer and purpose. What might havo-proved a fatal ocourrence happened on Saturday afternoon at the Botanical Garden ferry, near the Government Domain. Dr. and Mrs. Fisher and two children, a little girl and boy, wore crossing the river. When about midway in the river the little girl, who was sitting at the stern, fell into the stream. Dr. Fisher immediately jumped overboard, and swam swiftly to the child, whom he seized, and, holding her above the water, swam back to the boat. Had it not been for the swift and instant action on the doctor's part the child must inevitably have beon drowned. At the North Pine Appeal Court, held on the Sill instant, valuations of- property to the extent of £8728 were appealed against. The valuations objected to comprised an area of over «1000 acres. Four appellants appeared, and the valuations were reduced by £271. The following were the appeals dealt with : R. Loitoh, portion 98, Warner, confirmed at £100; portion 208, reduced from £290 to £246; Andrew Wylie, portion 128, Warner, reduced to £148 from £108; ditto, portion 129, same parish, from £240 to £220 ; W. Joyner, portion 37, Samsonvale, reduced from £1040 to £922 ; portions 1 and 10, same owner, confirmed at £5-14 and £848 respectively; R. E. Clay, reduced on portions 6, 8, and 28a, Samson- vale, from £116, £110, and £2SG to £100, £100, and £225 in order named. In the case of the appeals entered on by other ratepayers who did not appear in support of their claims the valuations were confirmed. A most enjoyable dance was held at the Wynnum Board Hall on Friday nightlast, under the auspices of the committeeof the Wynnum Private Assembly. About thirty-five coupjas were present, and the programme was carried out with great spirit. The hall was tastefully decorated by the ladies, and the floor and music were all that could be desired. Many handsome dresses were noticeable. A petition has been filed for the liquidation of the estate of Thomas Lather, grazier, of Southport, liabilities £046. The first meeting of creditors will be held at the office of Mr. R. J. Leeper, Brisbane, on the 19th instant., , Our Winton correspondent, writing on 28th June, states that at a meeting of the creditors of Mr. James Brown, held the other day in Hughenden, it was resolved to carry on the Winton bore in the interests of the creditors, with Mr. Brown in charge. The second annual Hospital Sports Carnival was held at the Exhibition on Saturday after- noon. There was a very largo attendance, and the sports were in every respect a decided success. Interest centrefl in the bicycle races, for which there were good entries and excellent competition. Taken altogether- the oarnival is conceded to have been one of the best over held in Brisbane. A repott appears elsewhere. An inmate of the Dunwioh Asylum named Smyth, a German, was missed from the insti- tution on the morning of Saturday week, 30th June. A search was immediately instituted, but no trace of the missing man was dis- covered until late on tho following afternoon, when the horse-driver, Lovegrove, saw the wanderer apparently standing under a tree about two chains from the road, near the Leper Station, three miles from the asylum. Love giovo called out, but getting no answer went closer, and inquired, "What are you doing here?" Again, not receiving any answer, he approached quite close, and was horrified to lind Smyth suspended by a rope round his neck, and hanging from the branch of a treo, his feet being only two or three inches from the ground, and the body oold and rigid. Love grove hastily returned to the asylum, and re- ported tbe discovery to Dr. Smith, the medical superintendent, who proceeded to the spot, had the body cut down and conveyed to Dunwich,, where an official inquiry into the circumstances was held on Tuesday last. Smyth is said to have been of a cheerful and happy disposition, and those who knew him there are at a loss to understand his motive in thu3 putting a period to his existence. Another of the popular leotures under the auspices of the School of Arts, South Brisbane, will be given in the Town Hall, Vulture-street, this evening, by Mr. J. B. Henderson, Govern went analyst. The leoture will be illustrated by experiments. Dr. Wilton Love gave his eighteenth lecture on "Chemistry" to the students of the Pharmacy and Technical Colleges on Friday evening last. The lecturer commenced with the metals of the magnesium group, and in describing the element magnesium explained its frequent occurrence as " dolomite" mag nesian limestone, its presence in sea water and many mineral water springs. In discuss mg the characters of the metal reference was made to its property of emitting an intensely | v.htte light, occasionally used as a substitute I lor sunlight in photography. The metal zinc, us occurrence in nature, characters, and uses "i the manufactures were fully treated of. I Ladraium waB also considered in the same manner as the other elements*of the group. During the leoture Dr. Love announced that at the termination of the course of lectures an examination would be held and prizes given. A public meeting of the ladies of the Wes wnîl ctm«"Ratîons in an«* around Brisbane will be held m the Albert-street church to- morrow afternoon. . Tho monthly meeting of the council of the Queensland Institute of Accountants was held at the registered office, Creek-street, on Friday last. The bon. secretary reported that threa gentlemen wero preparing for the examination necessary to qualify them for admission. It was resolved, in 'addition to the quarterly educational meetings to which visitors aro admitted, that monthly meetings of members only should be held for the purpose of enabling them to discuss general subjects of professional interest. [ In the prize list published in connection with the Dog and' Poultry Show several errors oc- curred owing to the incorrect marking of awards on the part of the stewards in the dog seotion. The winner of the challenge cup for the best fox terrier in the show was Brighton Fernoy, owned by Mr. P. Fleming, jun. This dog was bred by Mr. H. Oberg, qf West End, and is considered by competent judges one of ' the best fox terrier bitohes ever exhibited in ! Brisbane. Mr. Oberg's Mountain Daisy, dam I of'the cup winner, also won first and special i prizes in the open class for bitches. Mr. J. K. ¡ Stewart's puppy, Glenlyon Rags, a very prornis i ing animal, won firat and special for the best puppy, and second in colonial bred and open class dogs. " Barramundi" writes from Tiaro as follows : -Some time ago I noticed in your paper an intention to introduce the Barramundi fish to the Brisbane River or tributaries, and as a matter of cheapness I would suggest that small iron tanks be used for the purpose of keeping the fish when caught. Place one at Tiaro Rail- way Station and another at Gundiah, under the charge of ,the officials there, give a price for each live fish, place them in the tanks, and give them a little food. When a certain number is in a .tank send by rail to Brisbane. I consider this and the next two months is the best time of year for shifting the fish. As regards the fear of the Barramundi becoming extinct in the Mary River there is no likelihood of that. My experience extends over thirty years. At the monthly meeting of the Queensland Fruit and Economic Plantgrowers' Association on Saturday last it was stated'that the dole s to the conference at Mildura were anxious to take with them a good display of Queensland fruits. Samples sent on to tho president, Mr. L. G. Corrie, or Mr. W. Soutter, of the Acclimatisation Society, would be taken charge of by" thora, and packed and forwarded. The delegates, four or five in number, are quite convinced that Queensland can make a liner show of fruit than any of the other colonies, ii the requisite speoimons aro forthcoming. The first meeting of creditors called by Win, Pettigrew and Co., in liquidation, was held on Thursday last at the office of Mr. J. M. Stafford, solicitor (states the Maryborough Chronicle). Mr. Ross, the manager of tho Maryborough branch of the Australian Joint Stock Bank, was appointed chairman. The firm had only two arcditors-namely, tho bank and W. Petti- grew and Son, It was resolved that the estate be liquidated by arrangement, and Mr. G. S. Murphy, of Brisbane, was appointed trustee at a remuneration of 5 per cent on the assets realised, with Mr. T. Ross as a committee of inspection. At the subsequent meetings of the soparate creditors of the several partners Mr. G. Stupart was appoinrod chair- man. The same resolutions as above were carried in all the estates except that of Mr. W. Pettigrew, which was adjourned to Brisbane at the office of Mr. Riithning, solieitor, on the 18th instant, Messrs. Lilley and O'sullivan, town agents of Mr. Stafford, were intrusted with the registration of the resolutions. At the close of the formal business Mr, Stupart said he could not help expressing the strong sym- pathy of the whole of this district with every member of the firm. The meeting concurred with Mr. Stupart in expressing regret that after so many years of honourable business life in the colony, and more especially in this district, circumstances had arisen neces- sitating these proceedings. Mr. Pettigrew, under pressure of strong feeling, said: "Gentlemen, I thank you for your sympathy. Many years ago (close on forty years) my business place was maliciously burned down, and I was then left as poor as I am to-day, although I had brought thousands of pounds into tho colony." The old gentleman seemed so overcome that ho had to conclude by again thanking the meeting for the kindly things said of bim and his partners. The New Yohk Life Insübance Company's Insurance Bond with 5 per cent intorost guaranteed is the best investment contract obtainable, secured by ' assets of over £30,000,000, certincd to by the Insurance De- partment of the State of New York. Send for particulars to the company's office, New Zea- land Chambers, 227 Queen-street, Brisbane.* How our export trade in produce of any kind can be strangled in its birth is shown by a transaction in oranges which just recently "eventuated" between an orange-grower in this district and Stafford, Bird, and Co., of Hobart (states the Wide Bay News). The grower con- signed forty cases oí oranges to the above firm, who disposed of all the forty cases, the result being, after paying wharfage, freight, duty (Is. per caso), commission, cartage, primage, re- packing, &o.;, a profit of 3s. 4d., or just one penny per case. The fruit brought 9s. per case for two cases ; four sold at 7s. each, one at 6s,, three at 5s., 3 at 4s., 11 at 3s. Gd., three at 2s., and one at Is. Cd., eleven cases being lost ia repacking. This profit will scarcely encourage the grower to export any more of his fruit to Tasmania. The agent, however, complains that many of the oranges were dark skinned, and that large quantities of a superior kind oí orange were arriving at the time by every boat. There are corset shields and aorset shields, but there can be no doubt as to the superiority oí the Oktis Corset Shield over those now being foisted on the public* His Majesty the Emperor of China is ap- parently a man of decision (says the Hongkong Free Press) ; anyhow, in one try he has solved the problem of how to deal with disaffected labour in a speedy, albeit peculiarly Chinese, manner. Owirig 'td the frequent strikes for higher wage's àihongst the artisans and skilled labourers employed in repairing or erecting Government buildings in honour of the ep-' proaching imperial birthday celebrations, causing great inconvenience to the progress of the preparations, the Emperor has pro- mulgated an edict dated the 25th of April, dwelling upon the inconvenience of these Labour strikes, and commanding the Pekin gendarmerie to set about and make wholesale arrests of. the offending parties, who are to be punished without mercy. No leniency is to be shown, and from another telegram received from our native Pekin correspondent it is expected that the most turbulent amongst the ringleaders of the strike will be tried for high treason, and some sentenoed to strangula- tion, whilst others will be banished for three years. This (says a northern contemporary) has been drawn from the gist of some remarks made by the Emperor recently to his Ministers, who complained to him of these strikes. The Oktis Corset Shield doubles the life of your corset. Price for corsets up to 24in., Is. Od.; above 24in., Is. 9d. per pair; post 2d. extra. To be had'only from Chapman and Company, Queen-street, Brisbane.* A tea meeting and concert in connection with the Loyal Orange Institution will be held in the Protestant Hall, Ann-street, on Thursday evening next. The Rev. R.Stephen lectures on "Strikes" at the Trades and Labour Hall to- morrow night. New lines of goods are put forward every morning as they are opened at Finney, Isles, and Co.'s Closing-out Sale. Do not be misled by puffing advertisements ; compare this firm's goods with any others in 'the trade ; you will find the so-called " wholesale prices" are not in it,* ' ' 1 