AN ASTRAL EXPE Jack Scott was a Theosophist. Just how he-got to such an exalted state of being need not concern us. He had embraced theosophy at almost the identical period that he had embraced Charlotte Lovelocks for the first time, after having extorted from that graceful and altogether intellectual young person a promise that she would make him the most happy man in the world by becoming his wife. Jack was in that delightful (or miser able, just as the fancy strikes you) condition which enabled him to live as his inclination dictated without any more trouble than that involved in the signing and cashing of sundry cheques. He had his club, he drove a stylish dogcart, he had a man to attend to all his requirements, which sometimes— before the theosophic awakening— extended to undressing and putting him to bed in a lachrymose state, and now rone of the greatest beauties in Ade laide—a town where there are beauties to every acre, bless 'em—had so far recognised his mediocre attainments and his superfluity of cash as to con sent to bow her peerless head beneath the yoke of wedlock. Charlotte. Lovelocks was in some respects a simple specimen of the New Woman. At school she had taken all the prizes ; she qould talk in modern languages to the extent of asking you /in French to pass the butter, or in 0ennan to hand along the chloride of sodium ; and for want of something new to talk about, and flattered by a long-haired foreigner with dirty finger nails who said she was spiritual, she had pursued the will-of-the-wisp of spiritualism until at length she was able to summon per medium of a common deal table a wondrous variety of ghosts, who gave expression to rambling and incoherent messages, which were a source Qf much joy and a. little fearsomeness to a faithful few. •, When Jack first met Charlotte he was an ignorant, scoffing person. He railed at and made quite commonplace jokes concerning the spirits of the dear departed, jokes which one might expect to hear in a taproom, but which were certainly not suited to the drawing room of which Miss Charlotte Love locks was the . presiding goddess. But I the lady only smiled knowingly and ; sweetly as she said, " It is the scoffers we long to convert, Mr. Scott. You : will yet be one of us." j And Jack at last came to like these seances in a darkened room, especially | when the glorious Charlotte sat next to I him, and he was permitted in accord ance with the rules of all properly constituted spiritualistic, circles to touch her slender hand as they waited patiently for the spirits to begin their uncanny work. He began to take an interest in the subject, or flattered I himself that he did. He bought books which dealt with spooks, and once or twice found himself going to sleep over them, a sure proof as Charlotte told | him that ere long he would be entranced. By this time the in telligent reader will doubtless have guessed he was entranced, but it was with an earthly and not a celestial personage. At this time it was that Miss Love Slocks discovered that spiritualism was ! not soul satisfying, that it was, in fact, 5 a trifle vulgar. She wanted a new | sensation, and so she began to read the j works of Madame Blavatsky. Un | necessary to say, Jack's course of read ing underwent a similar change. Theosophy became their one topic of conversation, and one night Jack, over powered by the subtle perfume exhaled by Charlotte's lovely golden brown hair, and by the non-committal smile with which she listened to his ap proaches to the threshold of love, declared for her his undying passion and his determination to be a Theo sophist in one and the same breath. Well, she accepted him, as she had meant to do ail along, and Jack occu pied his time studying up the Mahatmas and buying her pretty presents, while she—well, she did what most other girls would do under similar circum stances, went visiting her friends and listened calmly to their congratulations, which she knew were not in the least genuine. She dropped theosophy like a hot potato and took a keen interest in millinery and lingerie establishments. Jack, meanwhile, never dreaming of the backsliding of the charming Char lotte, went on his theosophic way rejoicing. To narrate all his experiences would fill a volume with not very in teresting details. He gave up flesh foods and took to a vegetable diet. He renounced wines and allayed his thirst at the pump, or what was the equivalent of the pump, at the aristocratic club where he resided. He, at the cost of a great struggle, gave up his beloved pipe. The effect of all this abstinence was most marked. From being a chubby, not to say stout young fallow, he became thin and pale and quite intellectual looking. He even thought of letting his hair grow long, but Charlotte, whp fed daily on gross animal food, thought this sacrifice was not altogether necessary. How it all came about would take too long to explain. Suffice it to say that Jack, after many weary fasts and a rigid observance of the rules laid down by Madame Blavatsky, found to his great joy that he was able to separate his astral from his physical body, and to soar in the blue or the grey empyrean. The shock of the discovery well nigh drove him mad, and he carefully abstained from telling his lady love of the prodigious advance he had made in the occult sciences. "By jove it's wonderful," he found himself, that is his astral self, murmur ing as he contemplated his other self lying inert in a big armchair. " No one would believe it. I wonder whether if I were to go to Charlotte's house she would be able to detect my presence. I'll do it." And the astral Jack floated serenely out of the window, and after having what looked like a bathe in the moon beams, sailed silently to the south of the city. Charlotte Lovelocks had company. She was sitting in the verandah with young Harold Fairfax, who had only just returned from a visit to England, and they were conversing in a low tone of voice when the astral Jack made his appearance and quietly took up a position where he thought he must be seen. But the two went on talking as though utterly unaware of his presence, and indeed the astral form was not long in discovering that he, whether in the flesh or in the spirit, was not at all wanted. "Why did you not wait for me, Charlotte ?" he heard Fairfax ask. "Because it was impossible, Harold." " But you loved me; you had told me so." " Oh, I did, but you were poor and it was impossible." This was nice for Jack, who, if he could have been discerned, would have presented the appearance of a man in a shivering fit "But, darling, I am now rich, and I'm sure you don't care a straw for Jack Scott" The astral being floated a little nearer. "No, no," she remarked quickly, and then added, " but what am I saying, Mr. Fairfax. This is unmanly of you. Release my hand." • Which Fairfax did not do, but covered it with kisses instead. The spook was. now hovering threateningly over the guilty pair. " Charlotte, I can't give you up, I won't." -1 " You must. I am pledged to Jack." " But you don't love him ?" " No-o-o." " You can't marry such an ass as that fellow." The spook raised his right arm, but seemed to realise his impotence. " He is a |bit soft," returned the fm0 Charlotte. " Dc^'t, Harold. You \ must not kiss me. My, father desires this marriage." . " But you ?" " Oh, he'll do as well as most men,! she answered. <cHe^ gOM ol theosophy. • I shouldn't wonder if his spiritual body wasn't somewhere about to-night." Here she laughed uneasily; f for Jack had touched her with one of | his spectral arms. "You shan't marly him," said ^hirfax, and seizing her in his, arms i he kissed her wildly* ' ( ? Then there was a rdsh of Cold ! and if Charlotte had only been a mjfi$ theosophist she would have seen an astral form slowly* and wearily passing over the garden. But she saw nothing. •Jack took an upward flight just to think the whole matter out. "What shall I do?" he muttered " Shall I go back to my physical bodj| put on my boots, and give Harold Fairfax a good kicking, or shall I devise some means for occasioning my lady a good fright ? Ugh." . He shuddered as though it was cold, whereas the night Was exceed / ingly warm, and he ought to haye been grateful that he was so lightly clothed. " There doesn't seem to be much humor about this spook business,"he said to himself a little later as hb descended and sat on the top of thfc flagstaff of the Post Office. "The Worst of it is that a fellow's helpless when he's knocking around like this. Before I took to vegetables and all that sort of thing I might in my physical form have been able to give Master Fairfax a salutary lesson, but to-night I was powerless, and I've really grown so thin that if I tackled him he might possibly give me some instruction.? After musing for some minutes he resumed his aerial flight The lights below seemed to attract him. " I wonder what my old chums%re doing ? I've a great mind to go to the Monarch bar to have a quiet look at the girls. There can't be any harm in it I can't drink even if I wished to do so." The temptation was strong and he descended. * * * ■* "The same jolly old crowd," said the spook. "There's Totty, pretty as ever—I always did say she was pretty —serving that drunken little beast, Spoopendyke. I hate that fellow. I wonder what he's saying. And there's, thex long 'un come in for a mash. And the flash jockey boy. I believe I could cut them all out if I were to try. But what's the use of trying to get up a mash in this rig ? By jove, Totty is a ripper." And just then Totty said, "What has become of Mr. Scott ? It doesn't seem half like the old times without hifh. Do you remember when he: carried Mr. Fizgig downstairs, and when he gave, that twelve o'clock dance, and drove us up to Onkaparinga faces ? Oh, I wish he'd come back again," \- The spook grinned. Hiere at least was some one who appreciated him. " Yes, and do you remember when he knocked the fat policeman oyer and got the horse hitched on to the corner pie sfall and insisted on driving the owner Jbome?" exclaimed a young man as he tried to squeeze Totty's hand." : : The Spook almost doubled up with laughter. ~ " If he were here it wouldn't be such a dead and alive place," sighed Totty. " Dear old boy." The spook floated so close to her that his spectre mputh just touched her auburn curls. " I'd give the dear boy a kiss if he walked in now," added Totty. The spook beamed and flew out of the apartment. * - K- %r Half an hour later Mr. Jack Scott, faultlessly dressed, entered the Monarch bar, fM've called for that kiss, Tottyj;' he said. " Boys, drink up and have an other along with me. A big bottle, Totty, and then another and another. We're going to have a night of it." " Well, I never," cried Totty, who "iT ' U *»" '* • r , ' ' . N « looked as if she had seen a ghost, but wasn't at all displeased when the recent Representative of spookdom whispered WMB' soft nothings ihio her dainty ears. Two hours later Jack Scott was assisted downstairs in a highly hilarious condition. ; > On the following morning Miss Charlotte Lovelocks received a letter in which Jack released her from her engagement, and contrived' to let her know that her flirtation with Harold Fairfax had not escaped bis notice. She was wise enough to show this letter to Fairfax. AM last week Jack Scott led to the altar of Trinity Church Miss Rosina (otherwise Totty) Miggles, and made a bonfire of his theosophic library. He is not dealing in spooks just now. 