THE STORY-TELLER. THE ADVENTURES OF DORA BELL, DETECTIVE. BY MRS. CORBKIT, An their of " Adventnrei of ft Lady Detective," "The Mystery of Follimere," "Behind the . Veil, "Ac. _ THE RECLUSE OF HALLOW HALL " Yes, ma am, said old Muss Galbraith to me. " Yes, I can tell jou bb ijueer a tale aa here and there a one. In fact if yon find one to beat it, I'll forego that little acknowledge ment yon promised me." "Fie, Miles," was my amnsed retort. "Yon have already reaeived the little acknowledge ment in question, and have spent part of it. Ho how oan you forego it!" " Indeed, ma'am, it's all right. Yon see, I know the little ways of ladies and gentlemen. They always pay half when they make the bargain, and the other half at the end of the story" "H'm! you're very onte Miles. But it will all depend upon what yon hate to tell me." "Then we'll consider it settled, ma'am, if yon please, so here goes. When I first went to be Mr. Milsom's gardener and coachman, he had quite a staff of servants in the house, for he etill kept considerable oompany. Among those servants was Jenny Pryoe, the under-houBemaid, as canny a girl as ever went to plaoe, and I thought myself lucky when she promised to marry me. But Mr. Wright, the butler, didn't half like it. He was fond of her himself, and both he and the housekeeper had a lot to say about how foolish she was to 1 promise to marry anybody whose station was { eo inferior to a butler's. All the same Jenny 1 had her own notions on the subject, and j at last she bad to shut him up somewhat i sharply. " When the master heard about our lore affair lie was very good indeed to us, and fur- I Dished the little cottage in whioh we live to this day. The butler was never very friendly to ns, and would have oleared me off the premises if be could have done so. The master, however, soon after this took to very queer ways. It was said that be had been crossed in love, and that be had vowed never to look in a woman's face again. \- joe loan bs it may, ne wirnurew irom au society, and by degrees even ceased to walk about in hie own grounds. Then be made an arrangement with hie solicitor, whereby we were all put on board wages, and very liberal they were too. Jenny oame in for them as well, as the was supposed to be the master's laundress now that she was married, though it's mighty little washing he ever gave her to do. There was henceforth no interference in anything we did, there being oertsin rules prescribed by tbe master, and aa long as we i conformed to these rules, we were all to keep our oomfortable places. " For two or three yesrs Mr, Milsom lived on like that, never going out, and never eeeing I anybody. At last he wouldn't even take his meals in the dining or breakfast rooms, but had odb end of the house disconnected from the other put that we could only approach his room by one door. These rooms were very oomfortably furnished with all sorts of beautiful things collected by tbe master's orders, fronf other puts of the house. The room thst he oalled his library had thousands of books in it. " The first room that we entered from the corridor was the one in which he took all his meale, and after a time we were forbidden to go any further. We would enter this room, dean it, set out his food very elaborately on the table, and then retire, only returning when we heard his bell ring for us to olear the things away. There would alwayB be a paper on the table containing various orders. But the maBter himself no longer appeared to give them in person. In fact for several years not one of us was permitted to see him, and he always kept his door looked when he waB in hie'dining-room. " At first these ecoentrioities caused a deal of oomuient. But by-snd-by the neighbour hood fonnd new sensations to talk about, and the 'Recluseof Hallow Hall,'asMr. Milscra came to be called, was by lots of people entirely forgotten. "tsutaitnongn we were not permitted to look upon the master's faoe, he did not allow us to forget his prssenoe, for he «u very par ticular about the food be ate. He liked several courses to each meal. And they had to be beautifully cooked, or he would tell us his opinion pretty plainly. The fruit I raised for him had to be of the very finest, too, or he would threaten to dismiss me. This, how ever, did not often happen, for we all knew that we would never get such another com fortable place where we all did pretty nearly as we liked, and we were careful to see that the master had as tittle cause for complaint sb possible. " If any of us had an apology to make, or anything to ask him, we would write what we wanted to aay on a piece of paper each. These papers would be put on the table with the master's meals, and we would reoeive our answers soon after. "The only body that ever seemed inclined to grumble at this queer etate of affairs was Mr, Wright, the butler, and he was never satisfied. First he growled about one thing, then about another, and be was atiogether eo ill- tempered that the rest of us threatened to oomplain of him in a body. "'I think the best thing yon oan do, Mr. Wright, is to clear ont. Yon have got too big for your plaoe to my thinking.' This wsb what the housekeeper said to him one day, and you should have seen the evil lookhe put on his faoe as he shook his fist at her, and shouted 'Maybe I will leave the plaoe mighty soon and in a way you little expect.too.' " And sure enough he disappeared that very night, and everything went to prove that it was a deliberately planned flight. None of us felt sorry at losing bim. But we were all considerably dismayed to find that the greater Eart of the family plate had disappeared with itn. He must have had enough to do to -oarry it away unnoticed and un heard. At first we didn't know what to do. Then X suggested going for the potiqe.. But the housekeeper said, 'No, we must, do nothing without asking the master's advise first." ]. "To this we agreed, and an acoonnt of the butler's disappearance together with a list of the things.he bad stolen, was written and ] taken, in with the breakfast. - Presently there \ was a furiouB pesl -atr the ball, and the house ' keeper asked me to fetoh the note wo felt sure ] "the fnaster had been writing.' - " ' Be quick, Galbrarth,' said rite,' I'm on tenterhooks to know how bell take it, and ! what.we are to do. Perhaps hell aome.ont of his shell now. end live more tike a civilised human- being. He- used to set great store by ; the rafver plate. ' It's been in the family more than tiro hundred years.' " Bqt.io far ftom coming out of' hie shell, ■ the- master bepanje, impossible, a'more - con firmed jreoluee than ever. Hie instruotione to us were brief and to the point. ' Take no •tap* *o discover .Wright,' was his order. ' Let his greed he his own prniislunent. . What be has stolen does not equal the legacy I would have left him. Henceforth - do net - name turn to me. Let him he at one dead. And do not expeot a suooessor in his place, diy wants become fewer as I set mora feeble, and I oannot tolerate the idea of having new people about the hones. But 1 never forget those who are faithful to me, and a word to the wise is sufficient.' "We took this last to mean that he would remember ue in his will if we served him well. But this he always had done, so well, indeed, that we could nl improve ourselves.. Soon after this there was a letter to Mr. Milsomh solicitors to be forwarded. Then a very-big one was sent, to wbioh Mr. Orowday, the lawyer, brought baok an answer, and, being curious, be went and laid it on the master's table himself. But aU was as quiet as it generally was, and be went away no wiser for his pains. Before he went he told the house keeper that the master had been making a new will. But he wouldn't say what, it was. " Soon after this a queer rumour arose in the neighbourhood. It was said that the butler had been murdered, and that his ghost haunted the park belonging to Hallow HalL I don't know that we exactly believed this rumour, but we none of ue cared to be out too late alone at night. "After a while we began to think the master most be failing, for he was often a whole day without taking any of the food that was so carefully prepared for him. This made us anxiou*, and we used to listen more intently than ever for any sign of. life within the rooms we wen not allowed to enter. But this sort of thing went on for five years, and by that time the folks in the neighbourhood looked upon both house and the grounds aa uncanny and haunted. "One day Jenny and I were both indoors, helping the housekeeper, as she was having a thorough cleaning down. As was often the oiise, I took my turn at carrying some of Mr. Mileom'8 food into his dining-room. But I had no sooner set foot in it than I heard a horrible groaning in one of the inner rooms. Pnr a moment 1 looked as soared as did Jenny who was with me. Then I rushed at the door, and never rested till I had broken it down. often been bo ourioua about. But I ahull never f irget how aetonished I web at what I eaw. "On a rioh Turkeyoarpot which oovered the floor lay a man writhing in pain. I rushed to him, and raised on to the couch—not my muter, as I had expected, but Wright the ex-butter 1 Lie was in liorriblo agony, but he aotually twisted his features into a grin when he saw my amazement. " ' Yes, it's me," he gasped; ' I've been liring here all these years in clover, and none ot you fools any wiser for it, though I doubt I'm done for now.' 11' But the master VI asked. " ' Been dead more than five years. It oan't hurt me now to confess. I killed him, and buried him under the blighted oak in the park.' " I let go of Wright when I heard this. By that time all the rest of the household oame flying in. Wright had accidentally swallowed some poison, and died that night. Before he diea he told us how he managed to get at the old master and kill him. By means of a pus key ho bad had made for him he was able to get into the inner room, and the rest ww easy. He removed the silver, knowing that we would think he hadstolen it. He had far monthe imitated the master's writing, and etfeotually deoeived everybody. The reputed ghost which had" been seen in the park was himself.- He got in and out through an old cellar, and when we thought he was ailing, beoauee his food was not eaten, he was enjoying himself elsewhere. He had procured large sums of money through Mr. Mileom's solioitors, who certainly wondered, but did nob hesitate to supply it. He meant to have made one more haul ere leaving Hallow Hall for ever, when he made the fatal mistake which ended his life. " dure enough we found the master's body under the oak, and removed it in a suitable coffin to the family vault. "Of oouree the will which Wright had written was useless. For this we were i-atber sorry, as it provided handsomely for nsall. Still, we have no need to grumble, for the gentleman who succeeded to the estate as heir at-law—there being no will—treated us all very well. In fact, we're his servants to this day, and we've no notion of seeking fresh places. Thank you, ma'am; I knew you would like my tale." 