• 'BENAMBRA ELECTION. MR. CRAVEN’S CANDIDATURE. \- Mr.; A. W. Craven, tho outgoing niembor for Bouambra, addrossod the doctors at Tallangatta on Saturday evening. Notwithstanding the wet and stormy night, the old court-houso was crowded. Mr. T. J. Murray was voted to tho chair, and suitably introduced the oandidato. Mb. Cra.vejj was cordially recoived. He said he would first explain away some of his political sins during tho two years and' four months ho had boon thoir . , representative since last election. He would then givo his views on the prosont ’ political situation. AYhon returned at last election he was in opposition to the Shiela Ministry. Though ho had sat in opposition, he had, in common with the Opposition generally, helped the Ministry ' , all he could to do tho best for tho country. Mr. Shiels was given every reasonable opportunity for carrying-on business; but he allowed things to drift, and made a moss of everything he touched. Mr. Pattorson, with the aid of Sir Bryan O’Loghlen, carried a vote of want of confidence in the Shiels Ministry, who were ejoctod from office. Mr. Patterson, being then called on, set to work to form . „ ■ a Ministry, which ho (the candidate) had sat behind ever since. Tho principal business devolving on tho new Ministry . was to sot in order the finances, which wero in a very sad 6tato. indeed.- Mr. ' Patterson had had to face difficulties which beset no other Ministry since tho adoption of constitutional govornment in Victoria. But ho struggled manfully to do his duty. Two difficulties which stood out more prominently than the rest wore • those of the unemployed and an ovor ' manned public sorvico. A concomitant of the boom period was a systom. of reck less extravagance in all directions. Some of the colony’s leading business men— mon previously known for being calm, cool and calculating in business matters —caught the boom fovor to such elfoct ; that they went cleau o5 their heads. Tho disaster that followed was a mattor of painful history. Tho Patterson Go . vernment commenced their task in a determined manner, every obstacle being thrown in thoir way. They started to relievo the starving unemployed of tho , metropolis, and as a means to that end introduced the village settlements scheme. . Ho believed that that scheme, if not a pronounced ultimate success, proved an invaluable moanwhilo arrangement for affoiding present relief to many starving families. He himself had soeu tho un employed congregated in thousands in front of tho Public Offices a short time ago. Nowadays, there was not a solitary one to be soon. He thought that accom plishment was satisfactory. (A voico : . They’ve beon sent into tho country.) • The candidate read extracts from a memo randum presented by his officers to tho Minister of Minos. Among tho more interesting wore tho following :— Daring the Minister of Mines’ tenure of office 6480 men have been sent to tho various gold-fields of the colony to earn a living for themselves and families, thus relieving the congestion of unemployed in Melbourne. It iB known that a largo percentage have made a living, some havo done more, and a number have removed their families to their new \- locations. Employment was also given to miners in the Bendigo and Castlcmaine dis tricts by permitting the free use for sluicing of water from the Cobban supply during the late winter, aud at half price during tho " present winter. Six hundred men have thus been enabled to obtain remunerative employ Eivo times the number of coal miners have been employed, and tlie output of coal compared with previous years has been in creased by GS.363 tons. Experiment of grant ing free passes aud miners’ rights to indigent persons" has proved euduently successful. Tho number of miners on Victorian gold * fields exceeds that of the previous year by more than 2000, notwithstanding the great exoduB to Western Australia. There was no doubt the Mining Depart ment had done excellent work during tho regime of Mr. M'Coll. He observed in the list of places to which it is proposed to send hand-drills the name of Granya, where a committee was being formed to supervise the working of tho apparatus. (Applause.) Tho Govornmont had also tried aud succeeded in giving au impetus to other departments, notably that of agriculture. Quoting extracts from de partmental papers, he read as follows :— The area of vineyards and orchards has been increased from 10,419 acres in 1SS9 (the year in which the bonus regulations came into operation) to 72,790 acres in 1S93. The Department of Agriculture has for tho last few years been urging fanners to take up tho cultivation of flax and hemp, and it is gratifying to know that tho advice is being acted upon. Of butter there were 82S,S221b. exported 1889-90; 1,700,3961b.in 1890-91; 4,792,0131b. in 1891-92 ; 8,094,2531b. in 1892-93; 17,140,9801b. in IS93-94. Encouraged by tho export bonus offered for cheese, an impetus 1ms been given to A'itho eliecso-making industry, resulting in \673,9121b. being shipped to London. \A new branch of trade 1ms been started frim which there are good prospects, viz., th&export; of frozen poultry, aud au experi incithas been tried in the shipment of fresh frozej^pork with excellent results. Tho QWornmout had had to grapple with an oyehaauned public sorvico, aud thoy cortainlj'ylesorved credit for tho way in which the* tackled a subject so distaste ful. Ho fled personal experience of tho fact that it\ was not pleasant to bo a mombor of JArliamout wliou there was a falling revenue. Nobody liked to bo taxed—everybody tried to put it on to somobody else. \A voico: Put it on to the poor man.) The railway aud educa tion departments wore the most fruitful sources of loss. .. But the looses therein "•wore not attributable .10 tho 'officials; :>TTo "“blamed the Education Department for introducing into tho curriculum many subjects which wero novor contemplated. If the programme had been confined to the teaching of tho “ three R’s,” the cost of the department would never have grown to its present gigantic dimensions. Alot;of subjects were now being taught •which should he paid for by wealthy people^ The high standard of Stato edu cation was no doubt a credit to. tho de partment — tho State-school bring a stopping-stono to tho University—but as the “ paying of tho piper” fell upo» the pool man', ho thought the rich pelnlo, who largoly availed theinsolvos of \ho privilege, should be culled on to “ stunm up”(somothing for the liighor education of tleir children ty tho State. (A voico p World you have two classes of education —one for the poor and one for tho rich ?) He thought the Stato should undertake to impart only tho “ three_E’s.” Parents desirous of socuring a higher grade if education for thoir chiliren should pay for it. The rich people who at present got most bonofit.from the higher standard of -J—‘-1"11 we in the cities. The cities had far and away tho beat of tho education business, and it wot in tlio large centres whore unnecessary oxponse was rife. He remarked that he had vainly tried to obtain a verandah for a school at Tallandoon, whih/in the cities and larger towns palatial structures were built for school purposes, thousands of pounds being expended in purely orna mental work, while schools in the country wore deprived of nccossaiies. He quoted from an official momoraudum, of savings effected in the Education Department since January, 1S93, showing that the Government claimed to have made a permanent reduction in the expenditure of the Department of -£200,951. Savings effected in tho same department by amalgamation since 1st January, 1893, amounted to £10,000. Those figures showed that tiiere had been room for retrenchment, and he thought tho country generally would commend tho Govern ment for their action in that direction. The Government had attempted good legislation during the last session, but, un fortunately, thoy had not been ablo to pass anything of importance, owing to the tactics of obstructionists. The Credit Foncior Bill had been sent to tho Upper House, but it had got no further. Ob struction had been placed in the way of ovory attempt at legislation. Ho bolievod the measure roferrod to would afford indirect relief to farmers, by causing the bank interest to come down. But in many cases farmers would bo unable to tako full advantage of that well intentioned measure, through their having already borrowed more than tho amount thoy could get under tho Government proposals. Tho last budgot introduced by the Government was no douht the most famous budget on record. It had dis graced tho Government. But ho thought it would have been fairer for tho Opposi tion to offer assistance to the Government when the budgot was introduced. The. Treasurer had offered, when the first item was passed, to doul in committoo with the remainder. Mr. Carter, tho Treasurer, was aloue responsible for tho' introduction of such a budget. If a budgot wore tlirashod out oponly, in formation as to tho proposals would leak out, big importers would got to know tho articles to bo levied and act accord ingly, with tho result that tho object of the Government would bo defeated. He agreed as to tho absurdity of loworing tho duty on champaguo and raising that on kerosene. Such a stupid proposal was indefensible. But it was only fair to listen to the Treasurer’s reasons for his action. Tho Government had adopted in globo tho report of the Tariff Commission —and got into a nice mess in consequence. Members of that very Commission whoso recommendations were adopted had desertod the Government when seeking to give effect to thoso recommendations. Such conduct was most unfair on tho part of those backsliding members. The Premier had; however, learnt an in valuable lesson—ho would know hotter another time than to place his trust in commissioners. (A voice: Ho mightn’t go hack again.) But ho did not bolievo in kicking a man whon he was down. Mr. Carter had been blamed for over estimating. As a matter of fact, ho was not responsible therefor. Ho simply called in tho heads of the departments, and went upon tho data supplied by them. If the income did not como up to reasonable expectations, the Treasurer was not to blame. Ho quoted figures showing tho deficiency for two months alone to bo £110.031. Of this sum tho Bail way Department was responsible for £104,441, the Commissioners having assured Mr. Carter that that sum would bo realised, whereas it was not. Mr. Carter had been put astray in the Bail way Department more than any other, tho revenue there falling con siderably below tho estimate. The deficit on railways alono amounted to £458,000. It was satisfactory to note, however, that while, for tho financial year 1693-4, the general expenditure in excess of revenuo amountod to £085,338. tho figures for 1S94-5 showed tho revenue in excess of expenditure to he £73,427. Tho Ministry had been blamed for sending tho Minister of Dofonoo to Europe at a cost of £000. But when it was shown that Mr. Beidhad by his trip mudo arrangements whereby the colony would be saved in one year £12,000 in batter freights alone, few would bo found to say that the £000 was not money wnlL spent. (Ap plause.) The Govormnent had been blamed for making the timo so short for tho present election campaign. But tho reason was one of the best of reasons. Supplies had been voted for only tbreo mouths, up to 30th Septomhor. The House must be got together soon, or the public servants would not get their salaries. A dead-lock would not bp pleasant at tho present juncture. The shortness of the electioneering period meant for him a lot of hard work in travelling to cover tho whole of this electorate before polling-day. Ho had intended speaking before, but tho Premier had unfolded his programme only on Thursday night, and it was only right that ho, who had followod Mr. Patterson in tho IIouso, should want to know his leader’s views in full before committing himself to a further adhoronco to him. He had mado a start at Yaokaudandah tho previous ovoning. Tho candidate said he desired to make an explanation concerning his action in a certain mattor, in regard to which misstatements had been circu lated with a view to doing him an injury. Votes were cast in the House, but there was seldom reported tho explanation given by mombors for voting in tho way they did; consequently, it often happened that a man’s actions were misconstrued. Ho referred to tho municipal subsidy question. The following new clause was proposed to follow Clause 4 in tho Muni cipal Endowment Reduction Bill 1S93 :— “ 'When tho amounts payable out of tho consolidated revenue for the endowment of municipalities have been calculated pursuant to the Local Government Act 1S91 as amended by the foregoing provisions of this Act, then before any amount for tho endow ment of a municipality is paid to euch municipality there shall he deducted there from a reduction on the amouuts so calculated in'the case of every city town .borough imd tti ine rare or £IU ius. per centum. No such city or town shall receive any part of the municipal endowment so calculated for such city or town, but every such part shall lapse into the consolidated revenue.” He voted for tho second reading of that clause. Several members made a com pact for passing tho second reading, intending to carry in committee an amendment loaving out cities, towns, boroughs and low-class shires from parti cipation in tho subsidy. The amount so saved would have been money gained, and the allocation to high-class shires was to remain untouched. The party would have been strong enough to carry out the compact, had they stuck together; but somo of the members took fright and “ ratted,” leaving the others in the lurch. He put it to his hearers that it was scarcely likely that he should vote fortlie reduction of the municipal subsidy, after liaviDg fought so hard to get Vowong and Ynckandandali Shires in the R ghost class. He had succeeded in getting Ttvvong in the highest class, and Yackan dahdah Shiro in the next, and it was not likely that he should seek to stultify himself by vising for a reduction of tlioir subsidies. It had been said that he did not speak m the House very ofton, and reference had men made to parochial politics, &c.; But there were in tho House already too many meubers Vho, instead of going to work, make, the Rouse a talking- shop, from which to spefic to their constituents. In the House the while ease, for and against, in regard to any subject can bo put by a few men. Three-quarters of an hour was a long timo for tho iromier or Opposition loader to occupy with a speech; but tho ruck of the House persisted in talking on for two or three hours at a stretch without throwing any light on tho subject matter. The feeling among certain members seemed to be, when they sarv member after member bobbing-up to say something, “Oh, I- must have a ‘ shy-in,’ and get my name in tho papers, too.” It was simply sickening to sit in the Houso and listen to tho balderdash spoken there. (A voice: “There’s worse work for £300 a year,” and laughter.) Tho blather skites of the House invariably spoke to empty benches. The principal object of Parliament seemed to be to knock-out one set of moil and give place to another. With some members it mattered not whether tho colony sank or swam so long as they obtained place and pay. The business of the country was only of secondary importance to such men. Reform was needed in tho Parliamentary machine. Mr. Best’s scheme, ho thought, would aggravate the evils of tho present system, as it would he possible for a good wire-pulling Government to get tlio place billots for three years at least, lie believed the division of the Houso into committees would result in more business being done. A reduction of Ministers’ salnrios, too, migbtliave tbeetfectof restrain ing the hunger for oflico which now obtains to the impediment of practical legislation. If Ministers were allowed only £500 a year, tlieni would not bo such indecent struggles for office. The candidate touched upon the cpi sodo of bringing the Rev. Edgar to the bar of the House, which he considered was a great mistake. Members of Parliament were amen able to publio criticism ; they should havo characters that would bear scrutiny—if they had, there was little for them to fear. A paragraph had appeared in ouo of the district papers, hinting that he had boon “ fixed-up” by being appointed member of certain com missions. lie 'could ' assure them that ho ndver gotiono shilling for liis sorvieos on those commissions. The Railways Standing Com mittee was the only commission whoso members were paid, end tho Act appointing that body bad been rescinded. As a member of tho Gold Commission, bo lmd given bis humble services to the country at considerable trouble and loss of time. He bad been asked to become a member of the Water Commis sion, because it was thought bis engineering knowledge would prove of assistance to tho board. Ho bad complied with the request, but he bad not receivod a shilling for his services. So the “ sop” business did not apply. It was quite a mistaken notion which pre vailed that mstnbors of commissions received from 2 to 5 guineas a day. Although they might be absent in the country for a woek at a time, all they got was free passes and free meals while travelling. As ho had said, the most serious difficulty at present was tho bad state of tho finances. The publio creditor must bo paid. The country could hardly go into liquidation. If wo were unable to pay our debts, the British Government might, be sending us a receiver. To meet the difficulty, the Go vernment had issued tho following manifesto : —(1.) reduction of cost of Government; (2.) additional encouragement to production and manufactures; (3) income and absentee taxes to be imposed; (4) reduction of members of Parliament to a workable limit; (5) federa tion and intercolonial freetrade to bo pressed forward. The Argus had evolved a scheme, as had also tho Triple Reform League. Generally, he favored the Govonnueut policy. At. tho same time, he was not. going to hind himself hand and foot to Sir James Patterson or anyone else. Touching retrenchment, lie would be in favor of cutting down high salaried officials. The Governor's salary should bo reduced from £10,000 to £7000. He thought salaries of £100 or under should not be touched; from salaries of over £100 up to £125, 3 per cent, might bo taken, instead of 7 per cent., as at present; from £125 to £150, 1 per cent.; from £150 to £175, 5 per cent.; £175 to £200, 7 per cent.; £250 to £300, 9 per cent..; £300 to £400, 11 per cent. These reductions would he fairer than the scale now enforced, which was rather high for such salaries. To salaries over £400 he would apply the Government sealu, as follows;—Over £100 not exceeding-£500, 12 per cent.: £500 to £000, 13 per cent.: £000 to £700, i4 percent. ; £700 to £S00, 15 per cent.; £S00 to £1000, IS per cent.; over £1000, 25 per cent. A great noise had been made by those affected by tho ralreuubmeut scheme. But be thought the public servants should yield with a good grace to tho altered circumstances of the colony ; indeed, he was greatly mistaken if the majority of the Go vernment servants were not patriotic enough to sutfor the percentage reductions without repining. Private-people- bad suffered far and away greater losses than those in the service. His own business had fallen-off 00 per edit.—gone bung, in fact. Miners, fanners and graziers bad till felt, sorely the pinch of depression. Ho would point out, too, that iu Melbourne, rents and food were much cheaper to-day- than a few years ago ; so what the civil servants lost in one way thev gained in another. Instead of making such a noise over their indispensable retrench ment, the whole of the civil servants should loyally- put their shoulders to the wheel of the Stato coach aud help to get it out of the mire of depression. (Hear, hear.) He read extracts from the case against retrenchment from tho public service point of view, and admitted that there was much force in many of the arguments therein set forth. For instance, the biking away from the police of an amount equal to 12 per cent, was too drastic, seeing that constables bad recently bad numerous new duties tlirust upon them ; they were called upon to perform gratuitously work whieh was formerly done by other well-paid men. As an instance of bad laws made in tlio past, be pointed to a retired official of tho Lands Department., who was drawing a pension of £750 a year, though still able to fulfil the duties of the office from which lie bad beeu removed. Iu fact, be bad opened a business on bis own account. Cer tainly, his successor had been moved up to the higher office without extra pay. There were several men knocking about with pensions of from £300 to £500 who have to-day a better knowledge than ever tkoy had of the departmental work from whieh they have been relieved. While he thought that fair re trenchment reductions should he patiently suffered, he would he no party to breaking the agreements as to increments in the public service, as such action must be productive of great hardship iu many cases where obliga tions bad beeu incurred iu anticipation of suebincrements. Thereweronumerousanoma lies in connection with this matter; he knew instances where men were worse oil than if they had received no increments. (Laughter.) Sir James Patterson was . moving iu the direction of stopping pensions. It would never do to repudiate iu this matter. But ho would tax pensions. Some gentlemen in England-wore drawing from this colony- £1000 a year for past political services. Those pensions .should coine in for retrenchment, and he would tax the absentees as well, making them “fork out” as they ought to do. A return Lad been prepared of pensions, compensation and gratuities, showing that the enormous total of £993,000 had been paid since 1389. They could not blame the people getting tlio money. It was all very well for Sir Ifredk. Sargood to offer suggestions nowaday for the setting of things right; .hut uo man was more to blame than he for saddling the colony with tlio load of pensions under whieh it is groaniug. He and Sir James Servico were the ring leaders of the movement which gave ri6e to this big trouble. The department .’of the Stato causing tho biggest trouble was the railway branch.- Ho did not think it should bo a first principle that the railways should pay- immediately; but they should pay- ulti mately. There wa4 given £300)000 odd as municipal subsidy- for roads, and he thought something should bo devoted to moot the loss on tbo railways, which wore of as much use as the roads. Ecouomy should be observed in the railway branch. In tho boom time extravagance was rifo in this department. During that momorahle poriod lines were built which never should have been thought of. That was not tbo fault of the commis sioners, but of Parliament. Or, perhaps he should say tho blame rested with the pcoplo, who egged-on their members to go for rail ways, for which there was an all-round game of grab. Several cockspur lines were enumerated, the lossos suffered on which— £1000 a week in one instance, that of tho Ballarat-Bacehus Marsh line—prompted him td characterise them as “ infernal bungles.” Parliament should be careful in tbo.matter of futuro railway extension. With regard’ to the Tsillangat-ta line, it could not be ■worked I more cheaply than at present. At each of i the three station*, Talluugatiu, Huon Lane I and Bethanga, there -was hut one man em ployed. And for the wholo longth^ there j -were only 10 repairers, a number which he felt was too small; judging by the roughness of tho journey as experienced by railway j travellers, it would be desirable to put on a few more fettlers. [It was noticed that the latter remark bad an immediate mollifying effect upon a man present, a line repairer, who had previously been a fruitful source of interruption. The sudden subsidence of tho interjeotor was tho subject of consider able humorous comment.] At tho "Woorageo station, on tho Yackandandali lino, a woman in charge was getting 2s. a day. He thought the system of averaging the business of branch lines was unfair. At any rate, it was not possible to further retrench on the Talkin gatta. line—they conld not get below one man at' each station. Thero had been talk of sending 000 men from the Ilailway Depart ment. He had boon informed by the officials that there wero stacks of rolling stock at viewport, but there was nothing for it to do. It would be necossary to dismiss some men, but men without encumbrances should be the first to go. In order to do away with the necessity for wholesale dismissals, numbers of men were working only 4-J days a week. There could be a weeding-out in tho depart ment ; the last men on should bo the first to go off. As soon ns the traffic increases, more men would bo wanted to do the work. He Imped that time was not far distant. Thero was a big difficulty looming in connection with the matter of irrigation. Most of the trusts wore hopelessly insolvent, and unablo to pay interest duo to the.Government. In a few months, tho large sum of £12,000 would be due under thin hond'by“ono trust alono, which did not possess es many ponce. Tho all-important question was how to raise mouoy to meet tho deficiency. A number of little fads had been aired in this connection. He had always believed in the iiriuciple of an income tax, and considered that impost should bo put on at once. Many people looked with disfavor on what m as considered tho inquisitorial naturo of that tax.- But hard times brought hard lots. And he failed to see the force of the objection, seeing that the officers would be sworn to secrecy. It was a most just tax—if a person had .an incomo over a certain minimum, ho was taxed ; if he had no such income, he was not levied on. The burden was thus put on tho shoulders of those able to bear it. Tho income tax was in force in England, South Australia, Tasmania and Now Zealand. Tho proposal of Mr. Turner, loader of tho Opposition, was a wealth tax, which was ten times more inquisitorial than the’incomo tax. He was assured that, in America, where such an impost was in force, a man’s watch, jewellery and fumituro were sche duled, and if the property wero considered to be undervalued, tho valuers who went around were empowered to take the goods at owner’s valuation. If returned, ho pledged himself to support an income tax. He had already shown his bona fries in this matter by voting for the impost. It was not proceeded with because most of the members sitting behind tho Government wero opposed to the pro posal, which was carried by a majority* of only four votes, its supporters being princi pally tho Premier’s enemies. Mr, Patterson loft* the thing alone, knowing that, if he persisted with it. his “occupation would ho gone”—he would have lost his Government. Mr. Harper’s proposal was a tax of 6d. in tho £ on municipal values. Thus, a ratepayer with property valued at £50 a year would be called on to pay fifty sixpences. Then several suggested chat the municipal subsidy be wiped out instead, and so save the cost of collection. Such a proposal could not be tolerated if it. interfered with mountainous shires. He was in favor of moderate pro tective duties, believing that a 25 per cent, duty should be amplo protection for any industry— if that maximum were not enough, the industry should go and stand on its own bottom. (A laugh.) Ho believed in according to native industries a reasonable amount of protection, but of bite years this system had run to the extreme of madness. With re gard to railway freights, ho was in accord with - tiie Prcmior’s views that re duced rates on produce and live stock would tend to an increased traffic on tho railways. (Applause.) He strongly favored intercolonial i'reetrade as a Hording a first step to federation. Air. Reid, the New South Wales Premier, had taken a wise step in opening-up correspondence with tho other colonies on this most important subject. But if they could achieve the greater federation, the colonies would stand to gain immeasurable good. To mention one matteralone, if they could only consolidate thoir loans, they would bo able to get money at 3 per cent. Under such favorable conditions, their deficit would soon disappear. The candidate took the oppor tunity of thanking the electors for tho con sideration shown him while he was their member. No doubt, bo had mado some bad friends; no public representative could hope to do otherwise. But he had dono his best for the district. He could truthfully sav that he had got the lion’s share of tho money for opening-up tracks for miners in the mountain regions. (Applause.) There was no denying tho fact that this district was rich in mineral wealth. And, given reasonable means of access to localities promising to bo a j^ood field for the developing operations of the miner, it was hard to say to what eminence the district might not attain in tho matter of wealth. In conclusion, he stated that, if again, honored with their trust, he would continue to do his host for the constituency. If not returned, all he could say was that ho hoped the gentleman taking his place would work as industriously for tho district’s welfare as he had done. After speaking for on hour and twenty minutes, Mr. Craven resumed his seat amid prolonged applause. Answers to Questions. Mr.' W. Dyring: You eponk about re trenchment. Don’t you think economy would be studied if the returning officer were stationed at Tallaugatta instead of at tho ex treme end of the electorate ?—Hie emoluments of the office have been cut down considerably of late. The appointment of returning officer is a matter with which a member of Parlia ment has nothing to do. The official is ex pected to be neutral, and to bo beyond political influence. it would not do if it were otherwise. It would not be right for a district representative to interfero in such u matter. - t t '. Mr. Tobin: Are you in favor of abolishing free railway peases?*—The. sj'stem is pretty well done away with no.\v. - The list in its present form could hardly be taken exception to. Members of Parliament could hardly be expected, to pay their fares. Mr. Tobin : Why not ? They get a good salary.—I fail to see it. Members’ salaries have* already been cut down to £250, and a further reduction is proposed. A member was very little in pocket at tho cud of the year. There were many members who no doubt would welcome the abolitiou of free passes, as they would then have an excuse for not visiting their electorates. Mr. Tobin returned to tho charge and asked if the candidate would abolish pensions in the future.—The candidate was at some pains to sot his questioner right on tho matter, pointing out that only the older officers, men who joined the service bofore a certain date, were eligible for pensions. Mr. Tobin : When will the system cease ? —-When the pensioners die. (Laughter, and a voice, “No pension for you, Tobin,”) An elector asked: Are you in favor of woman suilrage ?-—I don’t think the present is an opportune time for that question. Money matters'require first attention. I would prefer to wait and see the result of the New Zealand experiment in this direction. *A recent visitor to New Zealand informs me that it was disgusting to see women trudging about the New Zealand streets at night; with babies in thoir 'arms,: waiting the result of the poll. To carry tho female franchise tc ita logical conclusion, yon would have to give women seats in Parliament. I don’t know whether you would care to see that brought about.—(A voice: “There’s plenty of old women" there now,” and laughter.) — If women were adioitiod to Parliament, awk ward complications might occasionally arise, Por instance, there is a record in the House known as tho.pair-book. It might be right enough for bachelors and spinsters, but tho possible record that “ Mr. So-and-so paired with Mrs. Somebody-clse for the evening” might ho open to misconstruction. (Loud laughter.) Hr. J. Brown: There is a lot of country loeked-up hereabouts by mining lessees, who make no attempt to carry out the labor covenants. Would you giro the bom fide. miner access to such land?—The practice now is to require tho full complement of men to bo employed from the first, unless an ex emption ho obtained, and exemptions from compliance with labor covenants aro now given only after careful inquiry. lie would remind them that by lodging £5 an inquiry could be obtnined in regard to this matter. Mr. Tobin : Arc you in favor of reducing tho number of members of Parliament by half?—No ; because too small a House would afford the Government of the day fuller op portunities for wire-pulling. In reply to a question from a stranger, tho candidate said the “one man one voto” quostion did not concern them just now. Personally, ho believed in a vote for manhood and ono for property; but he would stop men about Melbourne voting all over the suburbs in respect of property. In reply to other questions, tho candidate said ho would support legislation in tho direction of facilitating the exercise of tho franchise by an elector who might happen to be away from his own electoral district; but of courao there would ho a difficulty in making a transfer when the electioneering period is short, as on this occasion. (A voice: Let him voto through the post.) He would give no foroigucr a vote until ho was naturalised; the Act was plain on the point. It was not just that a man at Tallangatta should have to travol 50 miles to _ plead his case at an electoral revision court, under the Purification of Rolls Act; and ho would do his best to remedy such a grievance. There was no power to compel such people to reside in tho colony, but lie would heavily tax absentee pensioners. He would not roduce the Governor’s salary below £7000 ; they must not bo moan in this regard. The pre sent Governor, while receiving a salary of £10,000, spent about £15,000 a year in the colony. He favored a reduced tariff on articles not locally raised or made. The Candidate said ho would prefer that no motion of confidence be proposed. He always considered it unfair to ask for any such public show of opinion. Few people cared to show their hands. Tho act was a more matter of form. (Applause.) Tho proceedings terminated with a vofe of thanks to the chairman, on the proposition of the candidate. 