TUB QUEENSLAND CONGREGA TIONAL UNION, PRESIDENTS ADDRESS. The third annual meeting of the Queensland Congregational Union, was opened in the Bris bane-street Church, Ipswich, on tfae 15th in stant. The President of the Union for this vear is the Rev. E. Wilson, Rockiminptoo. In introducing Air. Wilson, the Retiring President, the Rev. L. C. Jamieson, said that vhea the office was committed to him he bad 4B idea ? which he still entertained — that an error in judgment bad been committed, bat he could say that in the election of a successor to him tbey bad proved themselves wise. Mr. Wilson, took the chair amid load applause, and at once proceeded to deliver his Presidential Address as follows *.— ' Brethren and Friends,— Most heartily do I thank our Executive for the very high honour they hare conferred on me in electing me to the important office of President of the Congregational Union of Queensland. When 1 read our worthy and esteemed secretary's letter informing me of tbe appointment I was greatly Burprised, and my first impulse was to decline the honour, not on account of a want of desire to serve the Union, bnt from a feeling of insufficiency ; bnt, after doe con nderitian, I felt it would be both discoar teotis and unkind to my brethren to refuse an honour which they unanimously and heartily wished to bestow. I regret exceedingly the circumstances which have necessitated the ejection of a President for this present session. I refer to the lamented death of our esteemed and beloved brother, the Rev. J. R. Wolstenholme, M.A., who would, if he bad been apared, moat worthily filled the position. Let me Bay, however, that we must all feel, I am sure, that, ra tbe departure of Mr. tVotstenholme, the Church of which be was pastor, this Union, and, I may also say, the cause of Congregationalism in Queensland, have lost an able and true friend, and faithful servwtof Jesos Christ. Seeing! have to take the place of such an able brother, I desire your sympathy and indulgence while I seek to discharge, to the beat of my ability, the im portant dories devolving npon me at. your Chairman. The subject npon which I propose to address yon is ' Lessons from the Pentecostal Church,' 'The 'Pentecostal Church existed in the purest times of Christianity, and was under the direct control and guidance of the Divine Spirit. Its membership consulted of only 120, men and women. Tet it was to that little band of redeemed, bnt still imperfect men. and women, that the Lord Jesus Christ save the grandest mission ever given to man kind on earth. To them he committed the great work of conquering the world for Him, and filling it with the Glory of God. Their Bobeeqaent history reveals the marvellous success of their mission. We learn that, within the space of thirty years after the death of Christ, the Gospel had been carried to all parts of the civilised, and to no small portion of the uncivilised world. It bad been preached in the moat splendid, powerful, and corrupt cities ; Churches were founded in Jerusalem, Antioch, Corinth, Ephesus, Pbil lipi, and at Rome. The Gospel had spread in Arabia. Greece, Macedon, Italy, and Africa. Within thirty years it overturned heathen altars, closed pagan temples, brought under its influence men of office, rank, find Dower. All this was accomplished by the instrumentality of converted Jews, fishermen, and Nazarenes. In analysing the early Pentecostal records, we find that this all victorious Church via marked by four characteristics. 'First. ItwaBalivbgChurch. It infused a new and blessed life into all who came under iu influence. It attracted great masses of people to hear the tidings of salvation, and quickened men and women, in hundreds and thousand?, from death unto life, and turned them from the power of Satan unto God. A dead or dying Church could not have thus attracted tbe multitudes, and produced such extraordinary results. Death repels. Life attracts. Where life is, there is growth and increase. There was life in the pulpit. The pre&chera; were living men in vital union with Jesus Christ, the creat reservoir of spiritual life and power. They were in possession of that something which energises all a man's faculties, and makes him a centre of magnetic attraction and influence. Some time ago Professor Tyndall, in one of his afternoon lectures at the Royal Institution on the 14 Older Electricity.' performed ah interesting experiment. Standing on an insalated stool the professor held in his left hand one end of a copper wire, the other end beifig attached to b. ff!;iss rod which his assistant was holding and rubbing with a coated silk-rubber. The electricity created by the friction passed along the wire into Professor TyndalFs body, and, when he took a piece of ice in his right hand asd touched a gas burner, tbe electric current pacsing through tbe ice, ignited the gas. But ?the ice did not light the gas : it was the elec tricity passing through the ice which made it da so wonderful a thing. In some way anala jzoos to that were the early heralds of the Cross in a position to reach, effectively* the hearts of the people. The preachers had faith in their message ; faith in the Divinity of its Foarce : faith in its power to save men, to save all who believed in and received the Saviour Whom rhev preached. They were able to bring conviction home to the hearts of their hearers — not because of their elaborate arguments and eloquence, bnt because they were a-ble, with unfaltering Ups, to say with confidence, * We know that the Son of God is owe, and hath given us an understanding Tout we know Him that is true, and we are in Him that ie true, even in His Son Jesos Christ.' Their spiritual life M-as manifested not only in their (enderness of heart, bat also is tteir yearning solicitude for the salvation of ataoera. We have a striking example of these fe'tbe Apcatle Pfl.uL * Re member/ said he in addressing the elders of Che Epheeian Cbnrch, * that I have by tbe space of three years ceased not to warn every one night and day with tears.' Such longing for tbe salvation of souls was bound to be re warded by a rich harvest of conversions. The preachers had also an attractive theme — one which went direct to the deep-lying wants of human nature. It was the Gospel of the grace of God, or, as it has been beautifully ex pressed, * tbe story that has transformed the world.' While it contained little or nothing, perhaps, that was new to the hearers, yet such was its pathos and power that, bearing it, they were touched and forced to cry oat ' Men and brethren, what shall we do ?' Men who had despised the Saviour and mocked at His death pleaded for mercy. Tbe crowds that gathered around the preachers were made up of the poor, the broken in heart, the heavy-laden, weak and sinful, without God, and without hope tn the world. It is not surprising, then, to find that to such the story of redeeming love was glad tidiogs of great joy. They heard bow that Christ died for all men, and died for the sins of all men ; that to the believer in Him the past with its sins was gone, cone for ever. Such tidings filled their hearts with hope and gladness. This is tbe Gospel poor fcinful men need to- day. It is cot instruction in, or ex hortation to, righteousness merely tbat man most requires. His b'w does not lie bo mnch in his ignorance as in his moral and spiritual helplessness. M«n needs Divine help : power that will enable him to rebuild his broken and shattered manhood. He needs a new and constraining motive that will make a Divine life possible in this present evil world ; strength to overcome temptations and bear tbe trials and disappointments of life. In a word it is life an abundant life, that men need most, and wherever an ever-living and present Savionr is preached. Who is able and willing to impart such needful help and power, there will sinners be attracted to hear. But the pulpit that cannot thus meet the wants of weak, fallen humanity has no true and adequate Gospel for man. '* Second, It was a. working Church. Ufe always manifests itself in activity. The labours of the Apostles were moat abundant and untiring. It was soon found, however, that even Apostles most work under human limitations. They could not attend to all the duties devolving npon them, hence a division of labour became a necessity. To meet the increasing demands of an evergrowing Church fellowship, the dia nonate was instituted. The importance attached to such an institution, may be in ferred from tbe fact that it was necessary to have men possessing very high qualifications to fill tbe office. The deacons were to be men of honest report, having a good name among their fellow members ; faithful men, who could be trusted by their brethren, well spoken of for everything that was praise worthy. They were also to be men fall of the Holy Ghost. It was not enough that they were to be honest and good men, but they were to be full of wisdom. What a grand fellowship the Pentecostal Church must nave had to be able to supply from its-ranks men possessing such noble qualities. It is not sur prising to learn that tbe formation of such a diaconate was soon fallowed by a rapid in crease of tfae Word of God and the multiplica tion of disciples. Thus the Church was increased in usefulness and power. The poor were cared for, the sick attended to, and pro vision made for the widow and orphan. I know of nothing more calculated to make a strong, healthy, and eminently successful Church than a living diaconote. As we are all members of Churches here, it will not be out of place, I presume, if I give you, from my own experience, a few prac tical illustrations of the helpfulness of a good diacouate. In my youth I l-elonged to a Church which hod for its deacons men who were endowed with much prac tical common sense. From them I learned what an immense service tbe deacons of a Church may be able to render to the cause of Christ. They were most hopeful to their minister in all his undertakings. The best schemes and methods for carrying on. the work of the Church nearly all originated with them, although tbe minister himself was a most skilful organiser and worker. One out of tbe many ways in which these good men served tbe Master deserves special mention, and is worthy of imitation by all who are de sirous of seeing souls won for Christ. Ob Sunday they sat in separata pews. While the service was proceeding they were, con stantly on the alert to note any signs of spiritual awakening that might be visible in any of the congregation. If there were any who seemed :o be impressed by the sermon — there were impressions made in those days — they were kindly spoken to at tbe close of the service, and usually accompanied home ward by some of the deacons. On their led tbera to speak of the thiugs pertaining to led to trust iu the Saviour, and nltimately to join the Church. They also visited the members of the congregation regu arly, giving special attention to the poor, the sick, and those were out of the way. By their faithful and earnest labours, not a few backsliders were restored, and many weak ones encouraged. Happy is the minister -who is fortunate enough to have for his co workers such deacons, and blessed is that Church whose diaconate is Composed of nien spiritually minded enough to manifest such deep concern for the conversion of souls to (Jod. To a Church with such workers failure would be an unknown experience. We ought to remember, however, that the best deacons I are bat men at the best. It is possible, eome times, to expect too much froui them. Even the Apostles were unable to give satisfaction to everyone. Deacons need and deserve the { sympathy and help of the Chorea, as their j duties are arduous and often unpleasant. It )is no easy task to -' admonish the disorderly, encourage tbe faint-hearted, support the weak, be lang-eufferiog to all/ and at the same time be faithful, Lender, and merciful. But one does not need to be an office- bearer thus to serve Christ. In the Pentecostal Church everyone was not equally qualified to be a deacon, although all had been baptised with the Holy Ghost. But all being in possession o£ spiritual life were qualified for service accord ing to their several ability. Every Christian should be a worker in tbe Lord's vineyard. Tjuch member of a Church is under as much obligation to do something for the advance ment of Christ's kingdom as tbe minister or deacon. (Applause.) If one died for all, then were all dead, and that He died for all, that tbey who live should not henceforth live unto themselves, but unto Him Who died for them, and rose again.' No oae need, go out side of the Church to find a suitable sphere of work for Christ. Within ir there is some thing for everyone to do, even tor the mun with but one talent. It may seem a little thing to give a hymn-book to a stranger on entering a church, but sucii a simple act has been the means of changing the current of a human life. I remember how the members of the Church to which I have previously re ferred endeavoured to solve tfae problem oi how to reach the non-cburch-goers. Their plau was a novels but wonderfully successful one. This was the way in which they pro ceeded :— About half-an-honr before the usual workers went forth to the street, each having a number of tracts. When about 300 yards from the church, they commenced operations by offering a tract to a- passer- uy, at the same time kindly inviting the person to the service. In. this «uy each worker usually succeeded in bringing one or two persons to church every Sunday. One man who waa thus brought in was not only saved from the dissi pated life be was leading, but also became a deacon of the Church, and ultimately a mis sionary of the Cross. If oar Church members would only manifest each a personal interest in the gathering in of non -church-goers, we should, ere Long, see great increase in our congregations. 'Third, It was a liberal Church. By them the financial difficulty was practically solved. The funds were always in a flourish ing condition. Although possessing all need ful spiritual power for service, these early Christiana did not deem themselves indepen dent of pecuniary help in their work. The temporal affairs of the Church received their most earnest attention, and their liberal contributions to the funds were striking proofs of their belief in the power and utility of money in tfae furtherance of Christ's cause. Their great liberality, however, was not, as some have supposed, the result of undue excitement, but the natural product of intense spirituality and the due recognition of the rights of men to Christian brother hood and the rights of tbe weak iu , the possessions of tbe strong. Most feelingly and ungrudgingly, therefore, did many of them sell tbeir property and lay the proceeds at the Apostles' feet in order to meet tbe necessities of the Church. They acted freely and epoo taneously. They were not commanded or urged by the Apostles to contribute in such an extraordinary manner. They gave deliber ately, and from principle. The idea of self sacrifice never entered their minds. They had given themselves to the Lord, and, therefore, acknowledged that all their pos sessions belonged to Him. The one power ful motive by which they were moved was gratitude to Him who had loved them and gave Himself for them, and had become poor that they, through His poverty, might become eternally rich. Such striking liber ality must have contributed, in no small degree, to the rapid spread and progress of Christianity which took place in those early days. If our modern Churches, with their improved facilities for extension were only permeated with the Pentecostal spirit of giving, we should see great things dose for God in tbe world. How many of oar Churches, to-day, are crippled and hampered in their undertakings for want of means. Yet some good men tell us God is not dependent upon money for the establishment of His Kingdom on the earth* But such men seem to forget that, although God can work independently of any means, yet He has ruled to leave human Balvation to be prosecuted by human agency. This, doubtless, is a great mystery, but it is nevertheless true. If, in the exten sion oi His Kingdom, Christ h*s seen fit to make use of the talents, genius, learning, and influence of men, why should He not also use their gold and silver. Even tools are impor tant factors in any great work. While Christ created the Gospel which is the power of (iod unto salvation to all who believe, yet He has left to His people the work of building and furnishing churches and halls in which to preach that GospeL He committed His truth unto faithful men, but has left with His Church the responsibility of raising the neces sary means for scattering it broadcast over tbe world. It has yet to be proved that our Lord committed a blunder in thus leaving absolutely retaining it in His own. The Pentecostal Cuarcb have shown by their faith and zeal that their Master made no mistake, so far as they were concerned, when He committed to them the work of making kootra His troth to men. It now remains with the Christian Churches1 of to-day to demon strate to the world, by similar faith and ze&L;, tliat Christ has not trusted them in vain with the propagation of His (rospeL Bat not uotil ChrititUn people acknowledge tbat Christ's cause baa as strong claims on their money as on their time, energy, and personal efforts will they prove Themselves worthy to be co-worfcere with Cfaifat in the regeneration of the world. We ought ever to realise tbat contributing to the support of the Gospel is rendering real service to God, and is as much an evidence of true spirituality as is the exer cise of faith and prayer. If this spirit of giving prevailed it would solve tbe financial difficulty, which is continually harassing and perplexing our modern Churches, and driving them to the use of questionable expedients for 1 extracting money from Ihe pockets of uuwill- I ing people. I ' Fourth, It was a praying Church. No I Church can exist and prosper without prayer, I Spiritual life is inseparably connected with I prayer. It was as natural for tbo±-e early I Christians to pray as to eat and drink. They I lived by prayer, tbey breathed its atmosphere. I Tbeir prayer- meetings were never dull. They I experienced no difficulty in making tbeir I meetings both lively and interesting. The I first prayer-meeting of the Pentecostal Church I was the most remarkable one ever held, and I is a model for all time. The whole Church, I men and women, were present, and all came I to pray- They were of one accord in one I place. Xo dissensions marred their perfect I unity. There was a great variety of character I and disposition. They differed from, one I another in knowledge and experience, but I they were one in spirit, purpose, and desire, I They prayed in faith. They needed no proof I that God would Answer prayer. Nothing I could shake tbeir confidence in God's ability I and willingness to grant their petitions. For I ten days they continued in earnest and be lieving prayer for one tfaiag. Their faith was I rewarded by the pouring out of the greatest I blessing ever vouchsafed to men. Their I requests were always reasonable. They never asked anything that was not urgently re quited, and in some way related to the Lord's work. Whenever they found them selves in pressing difficulties and trials tbey invariably sought refuge in prayer. When tbe Apostle Petei was cast into prison, tbe Church, instead of appealing to the law courts in order to test the legality of | his apprehension, instinctively went to their knees and pleaded with Heaven for I his release. With intense earnestness they took bold of God, and, Jacob-like, would not let Him go till He granted tbeir petition. They prayed for help, as men pray for life on tbe deck of a sinking ship. Heaven heard their prayer, aad waa moved to send an angel down to their assistance. The prison doors irere opened and Peter was led forth, and was soon standing in the midst of the faith ful, praying band of disciples, a free man. Thus we ore taught the practical lesson that united, earnest and believing prayer is the most powerful farce that can be exercised by the Church. This power is as needful to-day as it was in tbe early days of Christianity. The requirements of the Church are the Game now us then. Tfaere is nothing in our modern circumstances, methods, and machinery that can make us independent of prayer. No Church can afford to neglect it. Tfae Church of Christ is a spiritual institution, its work is spiritual work, and it will be successful just in proportion as it employs the power of prayer, Christ has not changed His condition of conferring spiritual power upon His ser vants. H they are to preach and work effec tively, they must pray. The strength of the Church still lies in its praying men and women. Bnt do we believe in the efficacy of prayer ? We believe in it theoretically, bnt I am afraid practically we do not, or our prayer-meetings would be better attended than they »re at present and with different results. We need also the Pentecostal spirit of unity to keep us free from all dissensions and strifes, and fill os with the love of peace and concord. The Spirit of God cannot abide with a. discor dant Church. Union is strength. Disunion weakens, A whole Church on their knees, with one heart, and one mind, praying for one thing, can never be denied their request by Him Who said ' Whatsoever ye shall ask My name, that will I do that the Father may be glorified in the Son. If ye shall ask anything in my name I will do it.' 'Thank Kod, tbe Church to-day is not lacking in talent, culture, and skilful organisa tion, but surely these cannot compensate for the want of that power which, enabled the earjjr Church to do great things for Uod and humanity. The condition of our Churches to-day may be aptly illustrated by the follow ing quotation from * Arthur's Tongue of Fire ' : —'Suppose wesaw an army sitting down before a- granite fort, and they told us they intended to batter it down ; we might ask them how 1 They point to a cannon-ball. Well, but there is no power in thit : it ib heavy, perhaps a hundred -weight ; if all tbe men in tbe army hurled it against the fort they would make no impression. They say no; but look at the cannon. Well, there is no power in that. A child may ride upon it, a bird may perch iu its mourn, it is a machine and nothing more. But look at the ponder. Well, there is no power in that ; a child may spill it, a. sparrow may peck it. Yer this powerless powder and powerless ball are put in the powerless cannon ; one spark of fire eaters it ; and then iu the twinkling of an eye that powder is & flasli of lightning, and that ball a thunderbolt, which amitt-s aa if it had been sent from Heaven.' So is it with our Church machinery at this day. We have all the in struments necessary for pulling down strong holds ; and O for the baptism of fire. Our message then to the Church is pray pray unitedly, pray earnestly, pray believing! V, pray on till endued with power from on high. Then, in the existence of a living, working, liberal and praying Church, there will be presented to the world tbe most powerful moral argument for the truth of Christianity that has ever been advanced.' (Loud an plause.) V An excellent aite has been selected at Card well for the meat works in place of the previous one, which has been abandoned, says a TownsvUle telegram to the Brhbon* Courier. The present aite uill have on abun* dant supply of tresh water all the year round, besides having easy access to the back country, which latter advantages the old site did not possess. It is above aood mark, about a mile and a- half Qp the Five-mile Creek and four miles in a direct line from CardwelL Steamers of light draught, are able to get up and down with cargo at high water. Tenders have been accepted for the factory boildiDps. iaF and their erection will be commenced immediately. 