THE M cNEILL AND BURKE MISSION. THE SERVICES CONTINUED. The Rev. John McNeill preached on Friday between 1 and S o'clock at the Pirie- street Church, which was crowded to the doors, the aisles also being filled. In fact, by half-past 1 the ushers had to close the doors and refuse admittance. Tbe preacher chose as hie text i the gospel of Mart ii., 3-6—" And they oatne unto Him, bringing one sick of the palsy, which ma borne of foot. And ' when ther oonld not oome nigh onto Him for tbe prase they uncovered the roof where He was; and when they had broken it op they let down tbe bed wherein tbe aide of the palsy lay. What Jeans caw their faith He said unto the sick of the palsy, "Son, tby sins be forgiven thee.'" Mr. McNaill pointed ont that it was love which urged these men to bring the paralytic to Christ through so many difficulties. 'Where-' ever Christ was there yon would find | wooden heaped on wooden. These tone men, be explained, were tbe' first Christian Endeavor Society — a society for endea voring to bring men to Christ. If they; wanted to know how to do Christian' work let them take a leaf ont of these men'a book. " Bend your back and lift. Get rid of diffidence; get rid of over-refine-1 ment." When tbe bearers laid that man down it was only to spit on their hands and take a j firmer grip. Some people night call that' vulgar. "My sweet aster, it is weH that yonr hardworking father did not think so." Ojanghter.) People were too easily dis couraged in Christian, work. If they found a door shot they were too apt to eit down and call for refreshments. Mr. Burke by his Hinging contributed to the eucoess of the meeting. In the evening another eetvjoe was coo duoted in the Jubilee Exhibition Banding, which was crowded from floor to ceiling. The preliminary proceedings oonsffited of hymns and prayer, including eolos by Mr. Burke. Mr. MoNefll delivered an addrees founded on the words of Revelations xxii, 17, "The spirit and the bride say come, and let him that hoareUi bay come, and let him that is athirst come, and whosoever is wDliiiK let htm take of the wafer of life fredy." A Saviour bad been provided for them all, and whosoever was witling oonld t&keChristfreely.; The Holy Ghost was with them that evening, and was anxious to direct them all to the pathway wbioh led to heaven. The Holy Spirit was waiting for them then, and they should noD resist by waiting. "Tbe bride represents the whole company of the caved," he mid, " and I am here to mpmemt the bride also, and to ask yon to come. 1* Many people made a lot of the fact that there were so many different oecte, bat the things |en which they agreed were greater than the things on which they disagreed. They all believed in the one Jesna, and if the troe Christians of eaoh denomination were bofore him then he would speak to them as the bride. If they wanted perfect haopinees they should receive Christ, should diligently study the Scriptures, and be obedient to tbe laws therein laid down for the benefit of mankind. The door was open for them, and why should they knock aft an open door. 