A STRETCHEl Oil, A LITTLE OHA.T|JER. If threatened with the choice of a life insurance agent's yarn or a flowing- bowl of mud Cascade, the Oii^pisr would tafca -$he tangle far choice, though even Jjijiat is against thegrain, owing |bt», -Japing indulged in liB&vy; draughts jtfjNtlie regenerat ing tn^uence fo)m'Jjgj|j^urnps of Brothel's John'm^Bff'lKid Burke luring the week, aud there's a sort if friendly regard sprung up be bween the brothers and ourselves. We admire downright ness, and the man particularly that conaes from Sheecawgo tells a yarn about giving Brother Joe a fiver to make things hum in tbe mountains withj^e gods the little fishes, and goddesBeslittle Kitties, and is not above owning up that he is travelling on the game, Mid if you don't ante up a thrumbo to pay bis expenses, well, there's the door, or you can sit quiet and do the other thing, is a man that warms the cockles of our hearts, even in winter, and the Clipper ain't above doing him justice by recognising that he hasn't been to Dfttnned Sheecawgo without learning to blow more than a pig's whistle. No wonder, then, that hearts rescued from the midden yearn towards John ana nis mace, wno can sing a mi-. These remarks by way of digres sion throw, perchance, a halo of refinement around the life-taker's yarn, which hies from the west, the . silver west. It takes for i(p text ' Oh, get me a coffin,' and the situation is easily mapped if we lay the victim out as partially stretched, and the brutal agent holding on to him with all the per tinacity and assumed friendliness of tbe mosquito, with its eternal ' cousin, cousin,' and rising to the attack of its victim, strives to escape with the ubiquity of the fiea, not to mention tbe tenacity of that connoisseur in flesh the blow- fly. Still the victim struggled, and at hist, feeling he must succumb, said ' Oh, well, go and get me a cofliu.' The indefatigable one immediately took him at his word, and straight way went to Mr. Gooiman, and ordered a coffin for Mr. Dumpy. ' (rood gracious, said the wooden suit maker, ' why I only saw him a few hours ago.' Off he then started, with a half-smile radiating his solemn business countenance. On reaching his destination, be informed an employee of the supposed stiff that he had called to measure poor Mr. Dumpy for a coffin. Hi6 bright silvery hopes of business were soon dispelled by the sudden appearance of the supposed corpse, who had overheard his ghostly remarks. The apparition appeared to be singularly fierce to the man of deals aud screws, aud he became so affrighted that, with hair erect, and his long flowing beard standing out like quills of a porcupine, he made speedy tracks, imagining the ghost to be in full pursuit. The liothwell Kacing Club hap been revived on protection and fre'etrade grounds. The attendance was large and hAnf. nn aninvincr HiAtnBAlvaa. and the racing was excellent. The race of the day brought out seven starters — first Scotch Alec, who was in excellent form notwithstanding age j ;- Shoppie,' a young and promising cob but rather excited und anxious to get away ; ' Cut water,' rather more adapted for a heavy course j ' Deloraine/' ' Pedagogue,' 'Crackshot,' and promising jumper ' Apsley .' There is no doubt $» Utter will be brought prominently before the sporting public before long. The squire of Ibbot Vale got them away well, Scotch Alec taking the lead and going at a tremendous pace, closely followed by Shoppee (with his eyes shut), Crackshot next. A heavy moke should never have started, as he floundered every step and his jockey could not keep him together. Deloraine and Pedagogue kept close together. Cries of ' Rally up,' ' Cut water,' and 'Well done,' as with a frantic plunge he joined the leaders j but wanting in condition soon told on him and at the first jump (water), which he Ib apparently not used to, he*tuck fast. Neck and nook raced Sootoh Alec and Bhoppee, sometimes one and sombtimes another, when the latter seemed ,io flag. A terrific spurt brought up Bj$a£ogue, aud the running (jontmued'veu^. close. Shoppee dropped back, and JEpnS^i who seemed well in hand, took\Jufe place, the cheering being deafening afithisVoung colt pushed to the front. ' Apsley wins!' ' Apsley wins j ' *ut dne obstacle, the biggest protectionist fence, steadied him, when Scotch Alec, who had more wind power, pushed to the front, and won by a head, Apsley ee^ond, aud Pedagogue third. Knowing ones said that Shoppee was only sent to cut out tbe running for Apsley, who was from the same .stable. We look forward with some interest to the next meet, which will be held on the 10th July. i ' . '.- r f ' j Dr. Jcfferls, CbugrefcalionalTtiO, js^ou the warpath iu the interests of the capitalists. The average churchman appeare to be in the main completely out of touch with the prolctaira, and it ie a. grim satire on his calling when he aecs nothing in a forward movement but faddibm. 