AMUSEMENTS. "JULIUS CEASAR" AT HER MAJESTY'S. It is a stubborn, Invincible fact that the Sbakesperlan play does not fit the temper of the time. One may regret this, or argue the conditions and Influences which dismiss Shakespeare to a far away back seat, while comic opera, farce-comedy, and melodrama bask luxuriantly in the dress circle and stalls; but, as to this final conclusion, there is no scope for discussion or doubt, that the stage has been peopled by a new race of plays, to which the Elizabethan drama, intermittently revisiting the glimpses of the moon, is as the ghost at the banquet. The major portion of modern playgoers find the dialogue abstruse, the motives and plots obscure, the whole play dull; the minority is composed of a small few who really delight iu the Shakesperian form and philosophy, and scattered sections who are interested in the conception of a character, or pretend to admire the old drama in emulation of wiser meu — the number of people who take the trouble of thinking for themselves being, as Sheridan lias re marked. exceedingly small. To this condition Mr. Rignold presenis a hold, hostile front — partly because be luces Shakesperian plays, partly for lack of something more suited to the taste of tbe hour. Like other managers, however, he sees that genius may he transcendent without necessarily being popular, and compounds with bis patrons by Interpolat ing a mass of pageantry, within which the play itself is heard comparatively weak and remote, like a thin voice pent up in a gorgeous suit of armor. No doubt this Is unavoidable — its bard necessity, indeed, is auothcr proof of the unsuitableness of the drama. But Its effect Is to lessen the effect of characterisa tion and dialogue, aud occasionally facili tate most ludicrous situations. For ex ample, In "Julius Caesar," by what cir cumstances comes Mark Antony in the place of the shade of Caesar to speak the tag as though the star were bent on having that speech, if he had to die aud be a ghost for It? Mark Antony is alive — he has yet to linger in Cleopatra's lap. "What the devil is he doing In that gal ley? " As to the performance in general, it is much the same as tho previous one of the same play. From a theatrical point of view it is very well, the cast being effi cient, in some Instances excellent. Mr. Cathcart, for instance, plays us Brutus as it was played when men understood these things, and were schooled with jealous care to the now almost forgotten art of speaking .blank verse. He was, as be fitted the occasion, the noblest Roman of them all, speaking his lines with due ap preciation and elocutionary skill, &eUug; with all the emphasis, cswl little the' heaviness, of the older school, baring the sou! of the character as far as circum stances would allow. In the quarrel scene with Cassius he was especially fine; in the noble scenes with the conspirators, sympathetic and dignified. Mr. Rignold was not less effective. In his own way, as Mark Antony. His immense force enabled him to deliver the stirring speech over the body of Caesar with almost elec trical effect, and as the curtain went down on Mark Antony standing over his dead friend, with clenched hand uplifted, as though to Invoke the god of war, the actor might have paraphrased Edmund ICean, and said, "The house rose at me!" In .the forum he spoke the historic speech with manly sympathy and Insidious skill, and as the crowd had been admirably trained, that great scene was, as it should be, the most dramatic of the performance, though the ribald laughter of some onlookers jar red upon its harmony of high-strung force when the women — whose sobs in truth might be suppressed — were moved by Murk Antony to tears. The third of the great trinity of characters, Cassius, over weighted Mr. Scot Inglis. Not that tho part was mentally too heavy for him; wo know that Mr. Inglis is one of the most intelligent and promising of the young actors, aud one whose parts would enable him to respond effectively enough to most of the demands made on his profession; but he came to it with the wrong idea that Cassius was a mere moody miller. He should be made of sterner stuff. The workings of the character go deeper than strutting angrlness, and Mr. Inglis did not recognise that except towards the close of the quarrel with Brutus. It is wofully bad for hliu, too, that iu modelling him self on Mr. Rignold he should have seized upon his mannerisms only, forgetting that' the peculiarities which largely make up tho individuality and style of a consider able actor frequently sit awkwardly on another personality. This was a careful Cassius, one nob lacking thought, one manifestly capable of much better things, one likely to be better in performance and effect if tricks of declamation are avoided and a deadly purpose is expressed' with a keener eye to the impetuous deviltry of the part. Much might be said in praise of Mr. Sterling Whyte, au ideal Casca, rude, blunt, and bitter; Mr. Charles Hall, who rendered unto the superstitious, proud Caesar of the play that which was his; Mr. Harry Hodsou and Mr. Lachlan M'Go- wan, who spoke their lines excellently; and Miss Kate Bishop, who laid stress on the weaker aspects of Portia. As what the cant of the profession calls a production there was also a great deal to be admired. Processions of citizens, soldiers, dancing girls, garlanded white bulls, aud all the oilier participants iu great functions when Rome was Rome, streamed on and off the stage in bravo show; the scenery of Messrs. Brun ton and Clint made a glorious background to the action of the play; and the management was careful and unerring. The music composed by Signor Hazou, though more 01 less obscured by the bustle of a per formance of this kind, aided It much by il lustrating the story, so to speak, and his setting of "Orpheus with his lute" en abled Miss Lena Loveday, who has a singu larly pretty voice, to sing It artistically, and earn warm applause for herself and the composer. Tho audience, which fairly filled tho theatre, included the Governor and Lady Duff, with other members of a Government Houso party. 