CHAPTER XXI. In tho warm, dimly-llghtod conBor Vatory evoryono was walking up and down, talking ovor tho sconoH and drofl&Att; whilst tho hall wan being oloar ©d for (lanci)JK. Oolonol Myddloton had boon talking ovor tho scene to Mr. Frooman, who was perfectly satisfied, radiant, and exultant. 11 Didn't I ask you to namo tho most ?noble-looking woman you ovor sowf' ho said, hugging Dinko with offuaion, and BtulBug him with sugar. ' Did you over boo anyono look bo grand as ? &h--; did P Sho is a grand creature Heaven blosa her 1 I am grateful to )wr JV-r .having mado uo fuss, but juat taking lior pldco at onco, andloolung it to perfection, If that lath of a painter iBtft j»ftdly in lovo wiUi her, ho ought to bo. I never saw such ft fl).',iirn — tho ?woop of hor arm wosauporb—attd thon lhat hair ! lloavona 1 it would bnve Singled to my flijgor iipaif it had fullon ovor my shonhlcr, an it it did ovor yourfl. Sho looked tho good angoi. Vos, for snow a woman o»« might bo contont to die.' 'Or lo livo,' muUoml Colonel Myddloton, ntooping to pick up hifl liounot, and trying to steady )us volco. ?' I thought it wan all up with hor once, though. Just when the curtain was coming down hor wholo faoo wiijo M whila as hor dross. Did you tioo t-' Colonal Myddloton uoddod. 11 And thon how oddly it altered hor «-rher hair all boing -lovm~-oh P Uor t no© |look«d bo email, and fm«ot, and ooft—ono only Know hor by hor groat «yon. What hair t' and bo laugliod, 11 1 oan't got over it. Now, do you honoatly think that'n all her own P It's just like hor, oomohow, too,' ho addod, musingly j ' no masBivo, no flno, bo ooft —for, do you know, I foil, it. I couldn't rooiflt— I took up ft ntr/vnd of it-~it waa just liko spun gold— and sho novor ooemod to think about it at all, My coodnoflfl I what would tho littlo Roino Margot givo for that hair P Sho actod won, too, Won, l must go and Hook aftor »ny cliiltlron, and if you Uko my ndvicfl, Myddloton, you'll go off to your bod, and not show till to-morrow. You loolc uncommonly bout.' ' Ah, well, yea. I'll go, anyhow, nnd got rid of all thin toggery, ho said, with a gravo, tired flinilo, and ho walk, od away with liia hood bont ovor his gorgot, looking liko ono who lias in nood fought a losing battle ' Why tho duoco he doosn't spoftk I can't think, Ia it his health that stops him, I wondor P' mnttorod Quarl. ' J thought I would prod him up by talk, ing so about hor, but tho prido has gono out of tho man. Woll, ' IIow aro tho mighty fallonl' Ho doosn't look mucuJjkoa Jutro now. Mot that sho would oaro. Sho Iovo3 tho ground ho troada on, I boliovo. Why, thoir oyoo litterly mot whon ho said sho would act, and aho H«id sho had promis- ed him and would stand by it. Woll, Disko, my child, I'm mighty pleased, and in n good tompor for onco, I'll hoo If nothing can holp thorn. I nupposo thoro'fl jiotbiug in tho baok-ground-»/ ontanglomont or anything. No, lvo doosn't look liko tho iaan for that. It's tlxat confounded monoy, or (vlwo lio knows mora about hisi hojvlth than ho Will aUow,' ' Colonol Myddloton wont slowly aoroas tha (groat hall, through tho dining room, through tho long «t,ono eorridojj, ftlpng tho olointors, from which ho am tho lighted ooiujflvvatory, aud board.tho haud playing faintly, nnd into tho bijoutiml orlol ohambor. Ho hnd beon walking almost mechanioally, thiqking over tho fioono, and now, , finding him ?oW fluddonly at thojfoot of tho groat Rtaircaso, ho rocollootod tbo ghost ?toiy, and thought of Hormiona His foot wati on tho [flrat stop boforo ho looked up, and then a thrill of aupor Btitious droad nhook him from hoad to foot. Standing on tho haunted landing nil in whito, hor hair still floatini? round h«r, wan a tall woman's figure. Sho was looking dtwu. TborowaH hardly any light. Ho could not noo hw fnco, but ho know it v?.\» Hovroiouo. For two broathlcoH tioeonds thoy noitotov moved nor . spoko. It might, luwo actually beon Sir Sydnoy and thcyhunlesii lady of tho logond, Thoy l»th Jraow tho ?tory. Sho atwiugo »igniflconco stmok thorn both. Sho hn-l:lott tho hall iu- mqdiatoly nftor tho l»t»t tftblonux, and hod boon crossing thisquiot way to hor room. 11 Do not movo,' ho said; 'I am coming to you.' Ho boffjin slowly mountintf the Btairn. vory slowly, for ho wantod to boo what ho was going to oay, At last ho trod on the tops top, Ho stood qulto still, Hooking at hor. His faeo was vory p$Ao and gravo. ' Yon soo,' ho bogan, In a utrangev h^weo voico, ' thoy maligned. Sir Sj(j.« noy, l\ was a lie^ho novcr hroko hia word to hor^his word of honour, Thoy Idllod him, but ho owno.' ' And flho waitod)' flaid ]£onniono. .Doors oponod and bansod, A train of servants oamo throuwi tho room bolow thorn, cwrying ligMs, fruit, ftud wino, Thoy wore in darkness— no ono ?aw thorn. Tho doors closed n gain on distant laughtor, rawry voicos, stamp ing foot. Ho strotched out ono mailed arm, towards llOr, and B«okn nrrrHn Trnnwinw but sho hoard overy syllablo, as thoW it had boon a voico of doom. 'Hoavon bless yon for keeping your word to mo to-night 1 It has 'jolpod mo at my utmost nood, Iain going msf tomorrow..! may now.- geo you again in this world j I will aa,v good-byo now j but boliovs, boliovo- oli ! lieavon grant that you may bcJip,vc_that if I livo a long life, or a, {ott -short yoarB, no woman on tho whol« ?eo.vth will over bo to mo what you arc, v/hat yOu havo al. wayB boon to mo.' IIoBtoppod, Wing hard to mnator his emotion, waicu half stranglod him, and with on/4, 'hand ho struggled to undo his go\c/jt, ,Hormlor«Q did not move, She stood as thouRA turned to stouo » and shofolt aa though dying. Ho canton little noaror, ho knolt Sowa suddonly, gathorod hor huir in «?**?, l»»nds, ^old it liko goldon water to Us lips, and then looking up with his oyos dim with unshod tours, ho ?aid— ? 'IhavR boliovod in you Hormiono, *'dviyAl0; wm you boliovo in woP' m ttled to spoak. Oh 1 what would Bh« not havo givon for power to utter —if. only, n, few short wordBp ah« conldnot movo her lips j hor heart boat so loudly ho hoard it, ,* 'Perhaps in a year, in a fow short years, you will havo v«tu»on to think I havo wilfully deceived you,' he went 5iu ' but it will not bo bo. I slinll tfill hold to my thought of you ns tho )no woman in tho wholo world whom I ;ovo— to tho doatb,' His straining, worlopk hold hor Uko anvRrnj1of stcou Othorwiso eho must havo fallon. '? ) y am going now,' ho said, ' Will you) » spoak onco-— aay my namo onco^-say you will beliovo in mo, that I may carry ?that |thought with mo till I dio, and can toll yon tho truth P' Sho did not movo, or uttor, oraltor 'hor look, rigid nnd cold as stono. ' Oh, hoavons I you cannot, thon!' ho mid, broaking down suddenly, lotting his hoad fall on tho hair in his olospod hands, and sobbing frightful, toarlcB3 sobs, 1 (To bo continued.) 