THE MASSACHUSETTS CASE. The Massachusetts casej, which is the popular designation for the recent rejection of certain divinity candidates by the examining chaplains and standing committee in that diocese, because of their doubts as to the miraculous birth of our Blessed Lord, and their unorthodox views on the inspiration of Holy Scripture, is causing a great commotion throughout the whole of the American Church. The circumstances attending this case were highly remarkable, and, we should hope, unprecedented. There is an xiipiscopai xneoiogiutu dcuooi m vjaiuurmge, iviassaunusetis, which, though not under ecclesiastical control, being a private seminary with laymen at its head, is so far a Church institution that it has received the countenance and support of not a few of the American bishops. The course of study is, as we are told^ of an advanced and exacting character, and the seminary examinations far more stringent and severe than those of the diocesan chaplains. It might have been expected perhaps, therefore, that a certificate of proficiency from the seminary, professor would have been accepted by the bishops as a recognised passport to ordination. So far, however, is this from being the case, that the canons on ordination do not recognise the diplomas conferred by the Professorial Board as having any authority whatever. That this omission had its reason in the fear that these diplomas might be conferred for scholarship and learning only, without either faith in God's Word or con formity to the doctrines and uses of the Church, may very safely be maintained. At all events, when two young men were presented with these diplomas who had admitted that they did not believe that our Lord was conceived by the Holy Ghost, or that the Bible was inspired, it is abundantly plain that such a fear was not unreasonable. That these young men, on presenting themselves for ordination, were promptly rejected, speaks well indeed for the honesty and independence of the examiners; but need not, one would think, have called forth any expressions of surprise, from the Church at large. The thing to be wondered at was that any man of common honesty should sitand up before a congregation and recite the Apostles' Creed as his confession of faith, knowing all the time that there were articles in the creed to which he could not subscribe. The Bishop who rejected, the offending candi dates justified his action in a sermon on the occasion. Two positions which he laid down seem to us undeniable — one, that no one can be ordained priest or deacon who denies any of the articles of the Christian faith ; the other, that a man who does not with a glad heart accept the doctrines of Christ's Church, and loyally conform to her worship, cannot happily and usefully labour in her ministry. This was capital, if only the Bishop, having spoken so clearly and decidedly, had not somewhat marred the effect of his own words by the, conclusion — 'Jesus is the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever, but man's inter pretations of Jesus change from day to day. They become fuller, larger, and more spiritual with every revelation of Himself in the experience of man. Therefore, while the creeds stand, and the fundamental Abides of faith stand, while also every minister of the Church must accept them loyally and gladly, it is the duty of every minister to inter pret those Articles in the light of the history and experiences of men.' All this means that every man may substitute his own ideal of the Church for the actual historic Church of our Gospels and Creeds, and in the light of this revised Church interpret all the articles of the Christian faith,' a process which empties of all its meaning the declaration which pre ceded it, that no man 'who does not with a glad heart accept the doctrines of the Church, and conform to her uses, cannot happily and usefully labour' in her ministry.' 'We cannot call it accepting Church doctrines with a glad heart when we read that 'there are Bishops in the Church to-day holding interpretations of articles of the faith which, if they had held and expressed them 50 years ago, would have shut them out of ordination.' The creeds of the Church have their plain meaning, and are not of any private interpreta tion. They are not mysterious cryptograms which only the wise will understand, any more than they are formulas of uncertain meaning, varying with the idea of the age, or the moods of the individual. They are fixed, definite, and unchangeable, and the interpretation of them which men hold now must, to be right, be the interpretation that was held not 50, but 1500 years ago. The Bishop who rejected the Massachusetts candidates for the ignorance of cardinal truths of Christianity did well, but he would have done better had he stopped there, and not gone on, as one ashamed to be judged by his more orthodox moods, to make a profession of latitudinarianism, which will do much to rehabilitate his reputation for breadth of views with the followers of Bishop Brooks. We are thankful that there are no theological seminaries in these colonies capable of issuing certificates to men who confess themselves to be heretics ; but we are even more thankful that we have no bishops who would count the refusal to ordain avowed . unbelievers an act that called, for apology. 