I "Short, Sharp* Shiny. Miss Maegy (after repeated collisions)—" 1 should imagine, Mr. Slider, that yon would be much mora at your ease , in a boat than in a ballroom?" ' _ , . uw , Mr; Slider (thefamous Oxton cox.)— Yes! crikey,- I'd rather steer twenty men than cne girl any day." _ _ . > ■■■-■■ — '■ ■ Dull. Cloudy. . > Kinking.. Anarchy. May Fair. Sociology. Cyclorama.' "Paul Jones." . Holler skating. "The Sentry." 'New Australia. ; Mew gold finds. "Immomeena." A disputed will. •• Busy candidates. . Robert BurnB." Chrysanthemums. ' Cable Conference. • A popular victory. Fire at Beacbport. ' London wool sales. Charity- differences. Village settlements. 1 Gales off Queensland. An abandoned infant. • ' This is Ascension Day. A season of comic opera. 1 Disorder in Washington. . A bomb in the Guildhall. A pathetio case of Buicide. -■' Promotions with economy. Aocident at Port Adelaide. Noisy meeting at Norwood. Proposed mining conference. " Popular political fallacies." . Legislative Council elections. Civil Service rearrangements. Last night of " Immomeena." _ Conspiracy to defraud a bank. • Steeplechase day on Saturday. .. Dynamite washed up at Bondi. "Voyage of the Forlorn Hope." Attempted murder at Townsville. Gathering of the elans on Saturday. Port Admiral won the Cup yesterday. ' : Labor Day quiet in Paris and Berlin. ' A new1 musical company for1 Australia. Water famine imminent at CooJgardie. "Voyage of the Forlorn Hope in 1865." ' A new sensation at the Cyclorama shortly. £16,183 went through the totalizator yester day. ■■■■■ '■■ ^Disgraceful cruelty to animals in the south east. Norwood electors had a lively time last night. £5,479 was invested in the totalizator over the Cup. ' The Skating Rink is proving a highly-attrac tive resort.: May 24 is to be proclaimed a public holiday from noon.. The'Caledonians will be in high feather on Saturday next. Soja'paid the biggest dividend at Morphett 'viLUi yeBterday. . Diggers are doing well at Hannan's and White Feather. ' Port Admiral .was inade a warm, favorite for the Gup yesterday. Between 12,000 and 15,000 people at Mor-; phettville yesterday. " ■The Royal Trinoptican will shortly be shown at the Cyclorama. The""Goxeyities" tried to make a sensation in Washington on May Day. ' A band of 15 pipers will discourse Scottish music at the Caledonian concert. . . The Royal-Comic Opera Company open on Saturday night in " PauL Jones." Obolgardie news; wired on Saturday statad that a water famine was imminent. . .. Mr. - W. Horn's scientific expedition left Adelaide for Oodnadatta this morning. The voyage of the Forlorn Hope in a higbly intereBtinp account of adventures at sea. • Mr. Godfrey Watson was eminently suocess ; ful with the flag at Morphettville yesterday. Saturday .will note the first appearance of the Caledonian Pipers' Band of 15 performers. The escort from . Murchison arrived at Geraldton on Tuesday, carrying 1,600 oz. of gold. / Great preparations are being made for the ceremonial of the' unveiling "of the Bums statue.. ■ Madame Belle Cole's Concert Company met \ with an enthusiastic reception in Melbourne last night. s ? Mr., W. Blackler says Mr. David James is one of the best and truest racing men we have amongst us. > j (. Six of the war vessels included in the Aus tralian ; command will be recommission'ed at Sydney during the ensuing year.' '•/ An exciting story of adventures at sea in a small boat by Mr. Jefferson Stow will be com • menced in next Saturday's Express. ' "If any man is entitled to' the votes of the people of.Norwood and Kensington it is this child."—Mr. Packham at Norwood. Rowley , Rees • told the electors' of East Torreps.that he ought long ago to have been Premier of this oolony,.abd they laughed. Chicago is paying dearly for the World's Fair,_ which has left the city in a deplorable condition, no fewer than 175,000 men being out of employment. , Saturday's Express' will contain an entirely new account of the famous voyage of the Forlorn Hope from the Northern Territory to Adelaide in 1865. . . The .adventurous .voyage 'of the Forlorn Hope, by Mr. J. P. Stow, is written in his best style. The opening, chapter will appear in next Saturday's Express. Various echoes from the World's Fair con tinue to.be heard. One is from the post-office. More than a million unclaimed letters were left ' in the Chicago office last year. : Mr. Jefferson Stew's graphic account of the voyage of .the Forlorn Hope from the Northern Territory to Adelaide, about 30 years ago, will be commenced in next Saturday's Express. y It is estimated that the population' of the United Kingdom in the middle of last year was 38,431,586 persons; that of England and WaleB at 29,731,100, of Scotland as 4,053,959, and of Ireland at 4,606,527. \- A'very quaint custom, dating from the ..time of George EL, is Btill kept, up by the Queen. As each course is placed upon the table one of theoleda of .the kitoheh solemnly announces in loutftones the name of the cook who pre •pared't. '._A'widow at Rowley, England, changed her mind on the eve of her .re- marriage, giving as her reason that on the previous night during a dream the ghost of her former husband ap peared to her and urged her not to marry again.. A Sooialist contemporary gives a list of the Anarohioal papers published in the different languagesIn German, 10; Dnteh, . 1; French, 11;. English, 6 ; Italian, 12; Spanish, 11; in both Spanish and Italian together, 2; Portuguese, 2; and Tsohechish, 3. ..'In" the German Empire ODly ^ one Anarohioal paper is 'published — the Sozialist. ■ -Among all "the Anarchical papers two are in ' the Hebrew bharaobers — one in New York, and The Worker's Friend, London. . . . "Don't coddle the throat" is a .piece of advice which is snppoeed to' find favor-only with the hardy,few. It find support, at least in the testimony of Mr. Edward Lloyd, who has certainly as deep an interest in avoiding huskineas. as' any living Englishman; This eminent tenor has assured The Strand, Maga ' sine interviewer that he never muffles his ; throat up in a huge silk scarf,-but: believes in the low collar and " weathering it." The only jbime he muffled, his neck he oaught a fearful bold. His advise is—" Breathe through the nose and hot through the mouth when coming jtmb of a hot room. Don't wrap up." 