St. Ann's. CHAPTER XXII.-DARK DAYS. BY W.E. NORRIS. Mr. Foley had, of course, been apprised of the so-called accident which had befallen his enemy, and had likewise been briefly informed of his son's engagement to Lola Hamersley. Neither item of intelligence had found him wholly unprepared, though the latter had been very much more unwelcome to him than the former. That an encounter of some sort would be forced upon his son in those mountain solitudes he had felt eo sure that it had been a positive relief to hear of llobert Hamersley'3 serious wound. It had been inilicted, no doubt, in self- defence, and, since a fatal termination did not seem to be apprehended, neither sympathy nor anxiety was called for on behalf of the aggressor. But this sudden and un foreseen matrimonial engagement was of a nature to arouse both sentiments, and Mr. Foley wrote two long letters to Arthur, adjuring him not to let quixotic notions of honourable behaviour ruin his whole future life. The replies which he received were short and far from satisfactory. Arthur evidently thought that the time for argument and good advice had gone by; and the worst of it was that Arthur waß probably in the right. For Mrs. Lalinier had learnt, upon the best authority, that Lord Braunton was once more paying his addresses to Bhoda Meyuell, while Lady Braunton stopped her carriage in Bridstow one afternoon in order to beckon to. Mr. Foley and tell him how rejoiced she had been to hear that poetical justice was going to bo done at last in a most poetical and romantic way. "Nothing," she declared radiantly, "could be more like the last chapter of a three-volume novd. St. Ann's goes to the children of the two men who couldn't have divided the place between them; Mr. Hamersley gets well in time to make a suitable speech at the wedding breakfast, and complications whioh looked for midable a little while ago are comfortably smoothed away. lam sure you know that I don't say it to put you out of conceit with your future daughtor-in-law, but, between ourselves, 1 don't grudgo her to you. Poor dear Braun ton was never created to be the husband of a wife who is—well, not exactly precisely domestic in her habits." Perhaps, thought Mr. Foley,poor dear Arthur had not been created for that purpose either; still there was nothing for it but to smile pleasantly and trust that Providence might in tervene at the eleventh hour to mar the symmetry of Lady Braunton'a programme. In one particular, at all events, it must fall short of fulfilment, as he was shooked to learn by the following telegram from Arthur, which he found upon his table when he returned home:— llobert Hameralcy died lust night. Do not lenow what step to take. Please come- here immediately if you can, Mr. Foley despatched a prompt reply, and, stepping out of the train whioh landed him at Argelcs forty-eight hours later, was met by his son, the sight of whose dull eyes and hollow cheeks fairly horrified him. "My dear boy," he exclaimed, "you look like a ghost! You mustn't take this so terribly to heart, though I don't wonder at your being upset. How did it happen?" Arthur told him how it had happened while they walked slowly up through the village to the hotel, a cynosure for the eyes of the loiter ing peasants, many of whom had witnessed the funoral procession of the ill-fated English sportsman on the previous day. It had been impossible to delay the funeral, Arthur ex plained ; the landlord and tho local authorities had refused to hear of any postponement. Fortunately, the English olmplain who was stationed at Argelcs during the summer months had not yet left, and, not leas fortunately, he had omitted to make inquiry as to the dead man's religious opinions. "And there were no—difficulties as to the cause of death ?" asked Mr. Foley. " Oh, no; the dootor took all responsibility. Ho was supposed to have torn his wound open in a sudden access of delirium. Perhaps it really was go ; nobody can tell for certain. He was still alive when they went into his room, but he never recovered consciousness." " And Lola. How is she bearing it ?" Arthur did not answer for a moment, and then said rather dryly, " She seems to me to be bearing it very woll; but you will see her presently, and be able to judge for yourself." That Lola was absolutely devoid of sensi bilities and emotions which are common to ninety-nine out of every hundred human beings is not very probable; but she certainly chose to behave as though such were her exoeplional temperament, and if neither Arthur nor Mr. Foley could find any excuse for her excuses may nevertheless have beon discoverable. In his misery and remorse Arthur charged her with having killed her father; then he had accused himself of being a murderer, which, hi she pointed out to him, was inconsistent, adding that, in any case, he ou^ht to be the last to reproach her, since it wa3 for his sake that she had spoken and acted as she had done. Then unseemly recriminations had been exchanged, which had resulted in a mutual agreement that the topic should never again be touched upon between them. Possibly the cool, unconcerned manner which shocked Mr. Foley and revolted Arthur may have been a cloak for feelings which Lola did not care to exhibit in the presence of those who would hardly have understood their mixed nature. But it cannot be said that sho had loved her father, or that his death caused her any deep sorrow. The question which appeared to preoccupy her chiefly, nnd which she lost no time in bringing under Mr. Foley's notice, was—what was to be done next ? It was a somewhat puzzling question; for the girl could not be left quite unprotected, and her nearest relations were in South America. Her nearest relation in Europe was no other than Mr. Foley, who drew down the lorners of his mouth when he realised that un * The sole right of publication in Quoenslaud has been purchased by the iirisbauo Newspaper Company, Limited. comfortable fact and the responsibilities cast upon him thereby. The one thing which he was quite sure that he did not want to do was the one which she very calmly and composedly suggested. "Oh dear, no! I couldn't think ot it," was his decisivo reply. "My first duty will be to ascertain whether your poor father has left any will, and what your financial position is. After that I suppose some account will have to be taken of his wishes. In any case considera tions oj common decenoy must entail the postponement of your marriage for several months. Upon the whole, I believe the best plan will be for us all to go to Paris, where I think I have heard you say that you have friends, and from thence I can run over to London, see the lawyers, and make such arrangements as may be neoessary. I presume that neither you nor Arthur would wish to re turn to Bridstow for the present ?" " Paris will suit me a great deal beter than Bridstow, thank you," answered Lola, smiling. " I still think you would save yourself trouble if you would consent to our being married forthwith ; but let us by all means respect the convenances, if you prefer to do so. lam not sure that it is altogether conveuable for mo to reside under the same roof with my fianc6; but it is not for me to make difficulties. Va pour Paris!" She evidently enjoyed shocking her future father- in-law.Probablyshealso saw through him, and was aware that lie had not yet abandoned all hope of averting an alliance which was not to his taste. But it could not now be averted; Arthur fully understood that, although the spells of the enohantress had lost all their potency for him, and although her callousness and selfishness lay bare before his eyes. He had told her that he loved her. For his sake she had rejected Lord Braunton and defied paternal authority. She was homeless and friendless. It was no longer possible for n man who wished to respect himself as much as he could to leave her in the lurch. At be3t, the measure of self-respect to which he could hope to attain must be infinitesimal! Ho it came to pass that, when the days were shortening rapidly, and autumn frosts were be ginning to givo a forecast of winter, this ill-assorted trio took possession of an apparte ment in the Boulevard Malesherbes, which Mr. Foley had secured, on moderate terms, from a family of Americans who had been ordered south. As the result of several journoys to London on Mr. Foley's part it had transpired that, Robert Hamersley having died intestate, the extremely modest fortune whioh he had left would go by law to his only child. It had likewise been urged by Arthur, and reluctantly admitted by his father, that the lato Mr. Hamersley"s objections or prejudices could have no more weight than his only child might be pleased to assign to them; and it had, therefore, been arranged that a quiet wedding ceremony should be solemnised in Paris soon after Christmas. What was to happen after that was neither deoided nor discussed. Those days were without doubt the most miserable that Arthur had ever known; yet it was no aggravation of their misery that they were spent for the most part in solitude. He was not ot all sorry that his father, who had numerous Parisian acquaintances, and who may have shrunk as much as ho did from any occasion for talking over an irremediable situa tion, was out almost all day long, and he was very glad that Lola had foregathered with a former schoolfellow, a certain young Vicomtesse de Ghaulnes, who monopolised her from morn ing to night. He showered blessings upon the head of that lively and friendly little Madame de Chaulnes; for was it not she who had relieved him of a task well-nigh too hard for hist powers—that of playing the ardent lover's part? Lola, to be sure, did not appear to resent his gloomy taciturnity and abstraction. She chose to assume that, for some reason or other, he was out of temper, and would shrug her shoulders, saying, "Whon you are tired of being in the sulks let me know. lam amusing myself pretty well without you, but I shall be charmed to amuse myself with you as soon as you like." It was in the month of Deoember that, matters of business compelling Mr. Foley to cross over to England and absent himself for a week, Madame de Ghaulnes came forward, liko a true goddess out of a machine, with a request that Lola might be consigned to her care pend- ing the return of the de facto guardian, who, indeed, had been debating in some perplexity what was to be done with his ward. The offer was, of course, gratefully accepted, and thus Arthur was left with only his raelanoholy musings to keep him company. He profited by the opportunity to form a few sensible resolutions. It wa3 high time for him, he felt, to respond to Lola's graciously worded invitation and to oorao out of the sulks. She had borne with him patiently enough so far; but he could not count upon any con tinuance of her present leniency, nor—since she was going to be his wife—was it wise to repel her as ho had been doing of late. The outlook was not exhilarating; but he would scarcely make it more so by gazing at it with a sour countenance, and, after all, one ends by becoming accustomed to everything. Only he hoped and trusted she would not want to live at St. Ann's. In all probability she would not; in all probability she would prefer some foreign city, where there would be no hunting, no shooting, no crioket—nothing to lend a poor man a hand towards resignation and oblivion. It was by suoh highly skilful and eilicacious methods that Arthur was striving to promote a flow of cheerfulness in his breast when he entered tbo desorted apartment of the Boule vard Malesherbes one evening between 5 and 6 o'clock. To his surprise, and not altogether to his satisfaction, he found it less deserted than it had been when he had left it early in the day; for, bending over the crackling wood fire by which alone the salon wa3 lighted, was the graceful female figure that was destined to be for the future the chief ornament of hi3 own domestic hearth. " Lola!" he exclaimed. And then, thinking that she might perhaps have mistaken the day of the month, "The governor doesn't como baok until to-morrow, you know." "Don't be alarmed," she answered, " I have only coine to pay you a short visit. Marie de Ghaulneß was scandalised, but sho doesn't know how I hate writing letters, and really when one has something to say that can be said in half-a-dozen words why should one weary oneself to death for an hour by putting it down on paper?" " Vou have something to say to me ?" " I have. And you will bo so delighted to hear it that I won't be oruel enough to keep you on the tiptoe of expectation. It is only that I am going to be married as soon as the requisite formalities have been gone through to a certain Mr. Webster, of whom I have seen a good deal at the de Chaulnes's lately. Ho h an American millionaire, not very young and not very old, rather Frenchified, and, as Marie say 6, ' tres-bien.' Upon the whole, I think he will suit me, and he thinks that I shall suit him. One can but hope that he will not rind himself mistaken." "And you did not think it necessary to con sult me before disposing of your future in this way I" " Not in the least, my dear Arthur. I knew that I might count upon your cordial assent. For the rest, Mr. Webster has been told every thing, and has been charminly complaisant. He piques himself upon being bion-eleve— which is a harmless foible, and one which I might recommend you to imitate if I wero inclined to say disagreeable things. But I don't wish to be disagreeable, I only wish to congratulate you, and at the same time to inform you that you need not trouble yourself any further about me. Marie do Chaulnes has kindly oifered to give me luuse room until the day of my wedding." Arthur hardly knew what reply to make. He could not affect to be angry or dismayed. He was by no means sure that he ought not to profess a condition which in truth would not have been wholly insincere. At length he could think of nothing better to say than: " I don't feel that I have any right to oppose you." "Don't you really?" she rojoined, rising and drawing hor fur oloak over her shoulders. "How very accommodating of you! But, then, I was sure that you would be accommodating. Farewell, then, my dear cousin, and let me tell you, for your comfort, as a last word, that your conduct ever since we left the Pyrenees has completely cured me of the little weakness that you know of. The first and last folly of my life! I shall always retain a pleasant memory of it and you, and language can't express the gratitude that I feel to you for having preserved me from consequences which looked inevitable only a short lime ago. Some day, perhaps, you will also feel grateful to me for having preserved you from the little Sunday school mis3. My love to your father, who will join in your transports of joy when he hears the news. If he wants to see me about matters of business he knows my address." So that was the last of Lola Hamerslev, who, as Mrs. Webster, has since acquired well deserved celebrity in a social sphere far above that in which the Arthur Foleys of this world move. It has been pretended t>y some atrabilious persons that millionaires are a useless class and ought to be summarily abolished; but the truth probably is that there is a mission for all created beings, and that poor little gray-headed, correct-mannered exile Mr. Webster may surely be considered to have fulfilled his. Would it not be an immense consolation to all of us to reflect upon our deathbeds that we had made a single fellow creature happy ? Mr. Web3ter, when his time oomes, will be able to take that consolation to himself, and may even be provided with a couple of extra strings to his bow. Mr. Foley, at all events, when he reached Paris and heard what had taken place during his absence, justified Lola's prediction to the fullest extent. "My dear boy," he exclaimed," this is better news than I ever in my most extravagant imaginings dared to hope for! Vou might havo jilted her, and, for my own part, I think you would have been entitled to do so; but it is infinitely more satisfactory that she should have jilted you. This almost makes amends for all one's disappointments «nd disillusions, and for the total failure that one has made of one's attempt to reside in one's native land." Arthur, who knew that his father had been at St. Ann's, said: " I suppose Lord Braun ton's engagement to Miss Mcynell is an- nounced ?" 41 Not yet, I believe ; but I am afraid, from what I heard, that it will be announced shortly. I am very sorry for it; and yet " Arthur interrupted him with a deprecating gesture; "For goodness' sake, don't look as if you thought mo so insane as to have cherishod the faintest shadow of a hope! I have proved my self to be insane enough for anything, I admit; but lam not quite so mad as that. Besides, I may have been shaken back into my senses. Anyhow, lam free again, thank Cod! And I must try to make a reasonable use of my freedom." Then he went on to state in what manner he proposed, after having considered his position for a day and a night, to utilise that boon. Amongst the very few Englishmen with whom he had latterly scraped acquaintance there was a certain young man who owned a tea planta tion in Ceylon, whither he was about to return, after a brief holiday. "And I know,'1 said Arthur, " he would be only too glad to take me with him, because he wants a companion and doesn't care about having a partner. Of course I shouldn't expeot to make money out of it; but he tells me that in a couple of years or so a man learns enough to be able to start on his own account, if he feels inclined, and in the meantimo I should at least have an occupa tion. I must do something; you'll allow that, now that the St. Ann's experiment has, as you Eay, turned out a total failure. I can't loal about the Continent with my arms hanging bj my sides!" Mr. Foley remained silent for a few moment: before answering : "I agree with you that absolute inaction i impossible, and that St. Ann's under existing circumstances, is inipossiblo also; but—Ceylon is a long way off. And two years is a longiah time at ray age, Arthur," he added lather wistfully. "But it isn't as iC you would miss mo. Ik isn't as if we had ever been indispensable to one anothor," the young man urged, with un conscious cruelty. " You will lead the life you enjoy, wandering about Italy and France, and seeing your old friends, and painting. For that matter, I don't 3ee why you shouldn't pay me a visit in Ceylon, which really isn't suoh avory long way off, and where, I believe, you would find any number of subjects for pictures." " I don't think I will go to Ceylon," answered Mr. Foley, smiling, «' but perhaps it may not.be neoessary for you to stay two whole years there without a break. Oh, it is necessary for you to go there, or somewhere: I see that, and I don't grumble. I should have been worse off ft you had married Lola Haraersley, and, what is more to tho purpose, you would have beon worse off, too. Things haven't gone quite as smoothly with us as they might have done; but, on the other hand, they have gone less crookedly than they promised* to do a week ago. After all, one generally finds—at least, I havo generally found—that one has to contented with a pis-aller." Arthur's careworn face brightened. He had anticipated far moro strenuous opposition ; and he was not ungrateful to hi3 father for having yielded almost without demur. But he did not know, nor perhaps was he greatly to blame for not knowing, how much his father had been called upon to resign. [to be concluded.] 