General News. CREAMERIES. — In connection with the Milang Butter Factory a creamery is shortly to be erected at Angas Plains. A fair supply of milk has been promised to start it, and in future land-owners intend to turn their attention more to dairying and less to other non-paying industries. ANGAS PLAINS LITERARY SOCIETY.— The usual bi-weekly meeting of this Society was held on Wednesday evening, May 9th. An extempore speech was delivered by each member present, discussion on each subject being allowed. Songs were also rendered by Messrs. J. McBain, and J. Gordon. For next meeting which takes place on May 23rd a debate on "Has invention benefited the working classes" will take place. Leaders have been appointed, and the affair promises to be interesting. SOUTHERN TEACHERS' ASSOCIATION. — The next meeting will be held at Strathalbyn, on Saturday, May 19th, commencing at 10.45 a.m. Mr. Eckersley, with a view of ascertaining the views of the members has signified his intention to exhibit specimens of manual work done by his scholars during the year 1893-4, and other teachers are asked to contribute anything which they consider will add to the interest of the gathering. Teachers in whose schools the examinations have taken place will greatly oblige by submitting any information thereon. A correspondent sends us the following : — " As there seems likely to be another visi- tation of mice in the Northern districts, I would like to draw the attention of farmers and others to the Phoenix Poisoned Wheat as a vermin destroyer. A packet of this poisoned grain spread about will kill hun- dreds of mice. Another valuable poison for mice is a preparation known as Faulding's Vermin Killer. With this poison I have always been successful iu clearing my premises of mice." MELBOURNE PROPERTY BUILDING SOCIETY. —We desire to draw attention to the advertisement of Melbourne Property Building Society in our advertising columns of to-day. The Society is for the purpose of disposing of several very valuable properties in Melbourne, but in order to legalize the distribution of properties, the Society has been registered in Brisbane, and is now incorporated according to act of Par- liament of that colony. It is in good hands, and the properties are not over valued. We understand that the Committee fully expect to close the share list early in June. FLORILINE !—FOR THE TEETH AND BREATH. —A few drops of the liquid " Floriline " sprinkled on a wet tooth-brush produces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all par si es or impuritie , hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly- whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breat . It removes all unpleasant od ur arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. " The Fragrant Floriline," being composed in parts of Honey and sweet herbs, is delicious to the taste, and the greatest toil t discovery of the age. Price 2s. 6 ., of all Chemists and Perfumers. Wholesale depot, 33, Farringdon Road, London, England. GAZETTE ITEMS.—Thursday, May 24, is announced as a special half-holiday within Adelaid , and a radius of ten miles therefrom, and the same privilege is given .o all public officer . The full holiday will be observed on the following Monday.—Mr. D. Murray, J. P., has been appointed a member of the P.L.M. and A.G. Board, vice Dr. Stirling resigned. —Application for use of Hind- marsh Valley school will be dealt with in four weeks from May 2, and for Corromandel Valley school from April 28. — Vital statistics for March, 1894, show an excess of births over deaths of 622, the totals for the whole quarter being 2,569 and 1,048 respect- tively. —Thomas Alexander, of Mt. Barker, seeks to bring sec. 2,904 hundred of Maccles- field under R.P.A. A GOOD STORY is told of an election meeting recently held at Mannum, when some of the North-Eastern candidates were on a visit addressing the electors there. One of them, who is said to appreciate highly the value of water, essayed the luxury of a bath. Whether the bathing apparatus was struck with the enormous proportions of the in- dividual seeking its favors or whether the water system was suffering from the preval - ing depression is not quite clear, but do what he would, and say what he did, he could not manage to get more than a gentle drizzle and a narrow one at that. This of course was not sufficient to take in all the features of the burly one's anatomy, and the tickling of the trickling streamlet more exasperated than refreshed him. Hastily dressing himself he proceeded to attack the ostler as if he was assaulting the Treasu y bencher, but the subordinate scored one by quietly remarking ' If you want us to irrigate by the acre you should give us notice." BOARD OF ADVICE APPOINTMENTS. —Las' week's Gazette contained the official notifi- cation of the appointment of Mr. W. Rob n- son, J.P., to a seat in the Strathalbyn Board vice M . M. Rankin , J.P., and of the re- appointment of Messrs, G. Reece, Clarendon; R. Golding, Crafers ; C. W. Colman, En counter Bay ; L. Mclnnes, Lucindale ; D. Shearer, Manunm ; M. Linn, Meningie ; J. Watson, J.P., Mount Gambier ; G. B. Skeiheway, Mount Pleasant ; F. W. Jaench, Murray Bridge ; A. Attiwell, Narracoorte ; W. Merchant, Norton's Summit ; A. Bank , Robe ; A. E. Bundey, Wellington ; John Allen, Willunga ; W. F. Hughes, Woodside ; and J. Cornish, J.P., Yankalilla.—Mr. E. Wenzel has been elected as a member of Crafers Board; Mr. J. Green, Bordertown ; Mrs. M. J. Stephens, Gumeracha ; Mr. H. Thre.dgold, Kingston ; Me.srs. C. F. Wauke and H. Wegener, Mannum ; A. F.Telfer, Millicent ; B. Pettett, Meningie ; J. Ferne , Mount Barker ; J. Naismith, Mount Pleasan ; C. Smith, Narracoorte ; W. Holly and W . B. Richardson, Noarlunga J. Davidson and Rev. D. Alexander, Sonter ; W. J. French, Strathalbyn ; H. Hall, Teatree Gully ; W. Semmens, sen., and R. Caldwell, M.P, Willunga ; and J. A. Lush, Yanka - lilla. STRATHALBYN DAIRY FACTORY COMPANY.— The returns of the shipments of butter sent to England by this company have oome to hand, and we are glad to learn that they show exceed- ingly satisfactory results, £127 coming to the company as Government bonus. We under- stand that the Directors, having arranged for the ecessary plant, intend starting a creamery in the vicinity of Langhorne's Creek within the next few weeks, the details being now all completed. The outlook for the Shareholders is rapidly brightening. THE WARNER-TELL COMPANY gave one of their enjoyable variery entertainments at the Institute on Monday to a large audience. The programme gave Mr. Warner many opportunities to show his undoubted skill as a comedian, and he made the most of them, delighting h s audience with his funny little ways. Mr. Tell gave several Anglo-Dutch songs well, but the long—drawn—out stories between the verses took a good deal from his success. Mr. Beaumont Read pleased his hearers much by his tasteful singing, his childlike alto voice astonishing the natives. Miss Ethel Chestor also had a part in the programme, but she did not make a very great hit. Mr. D. Keenan did good service at the piano. The whole entertain- ment was well enjoyed, and should the com- pany come this way again they may pretty well depend on a hearty reception. SIR EDWIN SMITH, who is about the best known as well as amongst the most popular of South Australian public men, is a native of Wallsall, Staffordshire, where he was born in 1831, and he was educated at Queen Mary's School in that town, to which he has recently paid a holiday visit. He arrived in Adelaide in 1853, and after thirty-five years of active business life retired. As a young man he took a great interest in political matters, and played a prominent part in opposition to State aided religion, and in support of manhood suffrage and the Ballot Act before the in- stitution of constitutional government in the colony. He first entered Parliament in December, 1871, when he was elected as one of the representatives of the district of East Torrens in the House of Assembly his colleague being Mr. G W. J. Stephenson, once sub- editor of the Advertiser. With the exception of one year, during which he visited England, Sir Edwin sat continuously for East Torrens for twenty-one years; and he was successful at every general election between 1872 and 1890. In municipal matters also he has taken much interest. He was elected as Mayor of the Kensington and Norwood Corporation in 1867, and he held the position for three consecutive years, while in 1871 and the following year he was again returned. Sir Edwin served as Mayor of Adelaide in 1879, 1880, and 1881, the first contest against Sir John Colton being a memorable one. He was again chosen for the office in 1888 and 1889, and during his incumbency he took an energetic part in various schemes for improving and beautifying Adel- aide. Not the least of Sir Edwin's many public Services was his untiring advocacy of the Adelaide Jubilee International Exhibition, of which he was the principal promoter and vice president. He has been a strong supporter of all manly sports besides lending his aid to educational and charitable institutions. He is a trustee of the Savings Bank, and a member of the board of management of the Zoological Soeiety, besides being connected with the Blind and Deaf and Dumb Asylum and the Old Colonists' Association. Sir Edwin was for many years on the board of management of the Adelaide Hospital and of the Botanic Gardens, while he is one of the Commissioners of the National Park, of which body he was first chairman. He has largely identified himself in the promotion of manly exercises of all kinds, and the associations which he helped with his influence and his money are legion. He is officially connected with over sixty of them . In recognition of his services in connection with the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition, Sir Edwin was, in 1S88, created K.C.M.G. During last year Sir Edwin paid a visit to his birthplace, and his benefactions while there made the county ring with his praises. He returned to South Australia early in the present year, and in response to a very pressing invitation is a candidate for the Southern District at the approaching elections for the Legislative Council VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIR.— If your hair is turning grey or white, or falling off, use " The Mexican Hair Renewer." for it WILL POSITIVELY RESTORE IN EVERY CASE GREY OR WHITE HAIR to its o iginal colour, without leaving the disagree- ab e smell of most " Restorers." It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth of the hair on bald spots, where the glands are not decayed. Ask your Chemist for " THE MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER," sold by Chemists and Perfumers everywhere at 3 . 6d. per Bottle. Wholesale depot. 33 Farringdon Road, London, England. " A LITTLE KNOWLEDGE," &c.; —" Hu- manity" furnishes an example of the truth of this well known proverb. Had he known all about th' ma'ter he would not thus have written to The Voice : —" We often see and hear of the greed of large landowners. A case came under my notice on Monday, April 30, at a C ngress of the Agricultural Bureau held at Strathalbyn. There is a stock reserve near that place which some of the working men wished the Government to cut up for their use, so that they might be able to grow a little food for themselves, and not join the unemployed. But a very large landowner in the district, who I believe is also an M.L.C., circulated and endeavoured to get signatures to a petition opposing the cutting up of the reserve. I hope electors of the Southern District will not tolerate this sort of thing, and vote only for men who will study humanity."— as a matter of fact the petition was one praying the Government not to sanction the cutting up or disposing of any more travelling stock reserves and the " large landowner" supposed to be an M.L.C. was not the gentleman who was instrumen- tal in getting signatures attached to it. " Humanity" should just remember that if travelling stock reserves are all cut up in to blocks the working man will have to pay considerably more for his meat and he should make sure that his premises are correct before rushing into print. A CHANCE FOR PIRATES.—What a roaring time (says " Freeluncher " in the Bunyip) this would be for buccaners, pirates, free- boo ers, letters of marque, and nautical gentleman of that kidney I don't think. Just look at this grand advertisement in the news column of the Register for the modern Captain Kidd, Paul Jones, Lolonais, Black- beard, Captain Morgan, or any other gentle- men rovers who loved to drop aboard a fat East Indiaman in the old days :—" The R. M. S. Victoria, which arrived at the Sema- phore en route for London on Monday morning, has a valuable cargo on board. In addition to £150,000 in gold shipped by the Banks in Sydney, she has in the hold 200 tons of butter, 2,000 bales of wool, and 85 tons of meat from the same place. ' Great Neptune's ghost ! would they not range up alongside that Victoria, and scoop the pool after making all the male passengers walk the plank and the ladies consent to share the lot of a bold bucaneer's bride ! In the old days of buccaneering and pirateering the sea hawks had not half such a show, but the newspapers give us away beautifully to the Russians per paragraph and cable. Just imagine a sudden outbreak of war and a Russian cruiser on the job, as they had them lying at Glenelg in Mayor King's time! I have of.en thought that any smart seaman of Captain Haye's type might easily ' burgle ' a ' bullion ' mail steamer, sink her, and clear ou , and no one the wiser—posted " missing " at Lloyd's, that's all. I hope they won't. UNCLAIMED SHIP AND RETURNED LETTERS.— Letters have accumlated since the publication of the last list, and persons applying for 'Un- claimed Letters are requested to give the date of the list in which they may have observed their names, as each reference will materially facilitate delivery. Residents in the country making written applications are requested to state, in addition to the above, where they expect their letters from, and any other information tending to prevent an unnecessary transmission of letters :— Anderson, Mr., Mt. Gambier , Bakhsh & Maulo Bukhsh Ali, eye doctor ; Bennie, A., G.P.O., Adelaide ; Black, J.B., West-terrace, Adelaide ; Caffery, Mr., care Capt. Pybers, steamer Menindie, Goolwa ; Carder, W., P.O , Bordertown ; Clifford, F. W., Mt. Gambier ; Cordova, Peter, P.O., Morgan ; Craig, Wm , Mt. Graham Station, near Mt. Gambier ; Drewitt, T., butcher, Mt. Gambier ; Duff, Chas., Mt. Barker Station ; Fechner, C. J., P.O., Charleston ; Fotheringham, Thos., Mt. Francis, Harriett, Mt. Lofty Hotel, Summer- town ; Gillett, F.G., Scy. Willunga Creamery, Adelaide ; Hastings. A., Woorlong, Mt. Gambier ; Herbert, B., G.P.O. ; Hooger, A., Victor Harbor ; Hooper, Miss Meto, Post Office, Cape Jervis ; Hunter, Mrs. Margaret, P.O., Mt. Gambier ; Johnstone, R., Wehi- street, Mt. Gambier ; Kelman, Mrs. Mary, Strathalbyn Dairy Factory, Adelaide ; Krisbianson, A., Adelaide, Mannum, S.A ; Langbond, P., Murray Bridge ; Long, Wm., Mt. Shank Station, Mt. Gambier ; Lucier, T. C., Bordertown ; Manser, Miss, I6th-street, Renmark ; Metcalfe, G. T., P.O., Stathalbyn ; Montgomery & Moreny, circus proprietor ; Morton, E., P.O. Naracoote ; McDermott, Miss, Mannum . McIntyre, J., Mt. Gambier ; Mclnnis, D-, Willunga ; McKinlay, James, Balhannah ; Norton, Mrs., 9 miles south, Mt. Gambier ; O'Grady, Mrs. Ann, Echunga ; O'Neil, J., Glencoe Station, Mt, Gambier ; Oram, Harry, P.O., Morgan ; Quin, Patrick, Murrabinna, Kingston ; Roach, J. W., plumber, &c.;, Adelaide ; Robertson, James Clarendon ; Rundle, E. J., Kanmantoo ; Ryan, W., Echunga ; Schmid , C., care J. M. Jansen, Mt. Gambier ; Schenek, F., Murray Bridge Station ; Smith, W. J., Square Mile, Mt. Gambier ; Stolte,A., Teatree Gully Hotel ; Tansey, John, jun., Mt. Gambier ; Trewhill, C., P.O., Mt. Gambier ; Trivoe, E , P.O., Penola ; Varcoe, Wm., farmer, Mt. Gambier ; Watson, Mr., Springs, Mt. Gambier ; Weinert, A., Lobethal, S.A. ; White, S., Echunga ; Wilson, Harry, Mt. Schlank Station ; Wilson, Geo. Alfred, G.P.O. ; Williams, A., Struan House Naracoorte ; Wright, M.ss Jessie, care Mr. Wright, sen., Mt. Gambier ; Young, Mrs. E. A., Kanmantoo. HOLLOWAY'S PILLS.—This purifying and regulating Mebicine should occasionally be had recourse to during foggy, cold, and wet weather. These Pills are the best preventive of hoarseness, sore throat, diphtheria, pleurisy, and asthma, and are sure remedies for congestions, bronchitis and inflammation . A moderate attention to the directions folded round each box will enable every invalid to take the Pills in the most advantageous manner ; they will be taught the proper doses, and the circumstances under which they must be increased or diminished. Holloway's Pills act as alteratives, aperients and tonics. Whenever these Pills have been taken as the last resource, the result has always been gratifying. Even when they fail to cure, they always assuage the severity of the symptoms and diminish the danger. THROAT AFFECTIONS AND HOARSENESS.— All suffering from irritation of the throat and hoarseness will be agreeably surprised at the almost immediate relief afforded by the use of " Brown's Bronchial Troches." These famous " lozenges " are now sold by most respectable chemists in this country at 1s. 1½i. per box. People troubled with a " hacking cough." a " slight cold," or bronchial affect- tions, cannot try them too soon, as similar troubles, if allowed to progress, result in serious Pulmonary and Asthmat.c affections. See that the words " Brown's Bronchial Troches " are on the Government Stamp around each box.—Prepared by JOHN I. BROWN & SONS, Boston, U.S. European depot, 33, Farringdon Road, London, Eng- land. 