THE PASSING SHOW. BY ORIEL. In former days when an esquire was raised to the rank of Knight, the ceremony was completed by his sovereign giving him a smart blow on the back with the flat blade of a sword. The stiff backbone of Sir James Patterson was doubtless taken into account when it was decided to dispense with this un- pleasant formality; and His Excellency the Governor, in announcing the honour con- ferred upon the Premier, felt himself at liberty to substitute the application of a com- pliment instead of a cold blade to the part in question. Very soon after being dubbed knight, Sir James was called upon to enter the lists against all comers. Vaulting lightly upon his mettled courser, he handed up a city ticket, like a true and honourable knight, to the conductor and charged up Collins-street with all the speed that the gripman, eating his heart out in vain regret for that lost 5 per cent. of his wages, was capable of attaining. A valiant warrior is Sir James, skilled in all the arts of tourney and cunning of fence withal. But presently he of the rueful countenance from Normanby did have at him, and lo! with a mighty shock did those two come together, and the onset was such that all men mar- velled and eagerly read the account thereof in the morning papers. Long and mightily they strove together, yet did nothing much, and as for Sir James, he is not yet un- seated. "Great satisfaction was felt in Castlemaine when it became known that the honour of knighthood had been conferred upon the Premier, who is one of the members for the borough."—Daily Paper. Hurroo! When the cable flashed the tidings over land and under sea, And the happy, happy cableman, who knows what most things mean, Informed a jojous country in his flowing phrase and free That its Premier had been knighted by Her Majesty the Queen, Then we all rejoiced in Melbourne, disregarding class or clique, But a tremor thrilled through Malmsbury, and swept o'er hill and plain, And a shiver of wild rapture stirred the gums in Forest Creek And roused at last the burgesses of distant Castle- maine. They ordered out the local band with trumpet and with drum, They hunted up their bunting, and upon the out- ward wall They hung their banners out with glee; the cry was still they come. MacGregor's Cumberland Hotel could hardly hold them all. They took their little paint-brushes and painted all things red, They made a jubilation in the good old-fashioned strain; For who could care a single hang about a Sunday head, When on Saturday a knighthood is conferred on Castlemaine? Now, Maldon, shut your envious mouth, and seek not to inquire What use there is in titular additions to men's names. You're only represented by the usual Esquire, While we can claim an intimate acquaintance with Sir James. And when the next election comes, uniting high and low, We'll battle hard through thick and thin to send him in again If you've over spent an evening with us when we're on the go, Remember how we all enjoy a knight in Castle- maine. One cannot see without regret the fine his- torical figure of Sir Graham Berry falling back into the rearguard of the Opposition. But it had to be. The truth that the political veteran himself acknowledged had long since made itself apparent to his followers. The times required a fighting man, and as a fight- ing man Sir Graham's effectiveness has ceased. Naturally, the choice of a successor was difficult, since the prominent men in the Opposition ranks may be counted upon the fingers of one hand. Mr. Deakin, of course, was too clover; nor was he likely to abandon a rising practice at the bar even for the plea- sure of hurling gibes across the floor of the House. Mr. Turner had the misfortune to possess that sound common sense which, above all things, is disastrous to a party leader. Where was there a man to be found un- blemished by either of these two disqualifica- tions? The signs all pointed in one direction, and so hey for hysterics and a high old time. "Let's talk," as King Richard II. cheerfully observes, "of graves and worms and epi- taphs." A correspondent desiring to do so forwards me from Port Adelaide a touching floweret culled by him in a cemetery. It is a card of condolence, neatly edged with black, and inscribed in shaky characters—"With Mrs. —'s deepest sympathy." The point, however, to which attention is directed is the sentence which comes after. "May is sole rest in fear," writes the mourner fervently—an aspiration evidently as well meant as many of the strange sounding in memoriam notices which appear in the daily papers. It is a kind of echo of a phrase which is in the writer's ear, and which she has striven to reproduce as possessing some talismanic potency. But the sound only and not the orthography have been familiar to her. The effort is anyhow as creditable as that of the other mourner who plunged boldly into classics with the inscription, "Wreck his cat in space." While upon the subject of orthography it may be mentioned that another revolution has been arranged in America, where Con- gress has just solemnly pronounced upon the proper spelling of proper names. It is enacted among other things that the "h" is to be knocked out of Behring Sea, on the ground that the cornet name of the Dane who first navigated and charted it was "Bering." The name as it stands was, the Americans allege, like so many other spurious articles "made in Germany. The black republic of the Antilles is to be no longer Hayti but "Haiti," and its rulers are to be spoken of as the "Haitien Government. Chili, too, is to be "Chile," which will come hard upon those who have associated the old name with their pickles and vinegar from youth up. The Government printers, however, to their infinite credit appear to have kicked at "Kongo" for the Central African country, which the cables are just now busy about. Wood's Point has been annexed by the Shire of Howqua, and thus one more strong- hold of independence vanishes from the map of the world. For years it has nestled, a little Andorra among the mountains, happy in the consciousness that a large liability was floating about somewhere, and that there was nobody who could be made to pay it. When matters reached a crisis the Woods Point Borough Council did not repudiate. They simply expired by effluxion of time, and when the last representative had died out the Wood's Point people lighted a bonfire in the main street and went on the spree for a week. Think of the wild joy of it. No musty, fusty councillors to bore people with their abominable speeches. No more municipal log-rolling. Above all no rates. The ex-ratepayers simply threw themselves on the bosom of a paternal Government, and whenever a collector called he was politely told to go to—Howqua. From their lofty standpoint of non-liability the free and independent popu- lation of Wood's Point regarded the rest of the colony with scorn. Even Wood's Point goats refused to fraternise with the goats of less favoured neighbourhoods. And then to be swallowed up in the universal maw of Howqua. In the words of Mr. Black, "It was 'orrible, sir; 'orrible." And why, one may ask, should Mr. Crooke' s sarcastic proposal for a Government pawn- shop be treated as a mere flight of the imagination? To the noble army of creditors at least the idea must seem an eminently sensible one. It would once and for all put a stop to the various shifts and devices on which some of our Parliamentary representatives are supposed to depend for their daily susten- ance, and it would dispel the illusion that at least one member for a suburban con- stituency lives by calling for departmental returns and selling the products as waste- paper to the butcher. A political pawn- shop is by no means without the range of practical politics. It is not hard to fancy Mr. Shiels, for instance, "doing" a post obit on his expectations of office, or Mr. Richardson disposing, "for a considera- tion," of the secret of what he means to say about Mr. Frank Madden when the time comes. Imagination can even depict the burly form of the Speaker, stealing at dead of night to those thrice hospitable doors, with a bundle under his arm contain- ing that magnificent wearing apparel which, if rumour be not a lying jade, he acquired from his predecessor in office at a consider- able discount for cash. The democratic sentiment still flourishes apace in Queensland, where the Ipswich Par- liamentary Union has just passed a bill of three clauses warning the world at large, and certain nations in particular, to keep off the grass. After a date specified, no native of the Pacific Islands, no Asiatic or African alien—nobody, in fact, but children whose parents were of pure European or American extraction—are to land within the colony, if the amateur legislators of Ipswich have their way. The amateur Government which no doubt reflects accurately one sec- tion of local public opinion—met objections in the most heroic manner. It meant war with China, urged one objector. "We are quite prepared for it," replied the Govern- ment, with a demeanour as calm as that of the Rev. A. Stewart when he folded his arms at the committee meeting and said "Take down the words by all means." As for the chance of an Imperial veto to the bill, that contingency the Government would meet by giving a start—and an early start—to a republic. That, in fact, it is considered the colony has already made up its mind to. Who after this can talk of stagnation in Australia? We are certainly moving. As Mr. Brunton Stephens (himself a Queensland poet) observes:—"Onward, in freedom's name!" Unless something is done by the Psychical Research Society or other parties intend- terested, meddling with spooks will be become too dangerous a game to be ventured upon; consequently there will be nothing for "research" to occupy itself with. The ghost and the ghost raiser are being taken too seriously, and sub- jected to treatment that must crush out all spiritual enterprise. In England a man has refused to complete the purchase of an ancient manor house and gone to law upon the question because the ghost of Amy Robaart, which was announced by the vendor to promenade habitually in the purple chamber, failed to fulfil its contract. The judge, to his credit, refused to hold a romantic wraith of this description—espe- cially a lady wraith—fettered by obligations of exact punctuality and the purchaser will have to complete his bargain, and take his chance of meeting Amy casually at any odd time she may choose to make her appear- ance. More prosaic—we might almost say more brutal—still is the treatment meted out to the young Hacketts (brother and sister) in Wellington, who are being prosecuted simply because an intrusive constable burst in upon one of their séances, and failed to understand the partiality of deputed spirits for gauze, phosphorus, and such like mate- rial. In vindication of the Hacketts a number of reputable colonists interested in "psychic culture" have drawn up a docu- ment testifying to eminently satisfactory manifestations obtained without curtain, cabinet, or other apparatus. "We simply sat with Mr. Hackett (they say) around a small pantry table, when very soon we began to witness the same class of phenomena as produced on a previous occa- sion through his mediumship in the cur- tained cabinet. Moving entities were seen by all present and felt by some who were close enough to touch them. These entities, some of which floated or glided on to the table appeared to be guided by a certain in- telligence, inasmuch as when addressed they or any of them flashed out light according to a recognised code in answer to questions put." There are two M.D.s among the signatories to this testimonial, which seems to place the business upon a sufficiently scientific foot- ing. Moving entities who can heliograph signals in this thoroughly up-to-date fashion are as satisfactory specimens of spooks as any sitters can expect for their money. Where then does the fraud come in? In spite of the disastrous result of the "New Australia" experiment, Sir Henry Wrixon, Mr. "Nick" Fitzgerald, and Mr. Simon Fraser bade adieu to their adopted country on Thursday last, and sailed by the Arawa for Vancouver, en route for Ottawa. The hardy pioneers were accompanied by their wives and families, and by the good wishes and secret misgivings of many of their friends. When Mr. Mackenzie-Bowell, of Canada, visited us recently, he em- phasised the advantages which would accrue both to Canada and to Australia from the opening up of commercial relations between the two countries. It is to be hoped that the travellers whom we have just despatched to do business with the Canadians have not forgotten their samples. Sir Henry Wrixon's experience in the matter of excluding aliens should be eagerly sought after by Canadians who do not wish their country to "drop into the Yankee hat;" while Mr. Simon Fraser's knowledge of crossbreds and Mr. "Nick" Fitzgerald's beer are alike unapproachable. The only trouble is whether the population of Canada is sufficient to consume all that the delegates can offer them. There are only 10,000 people in Vancouver, and 30,000 in Winnipeg, while the output of the Castle- maine Brewery is practically unlimited. 