In the Shadow of the Scaffold. LAST MOMENTS OF NOTED CRIMINALS. There is always considerable excitement in gaol on the eve of an execution. That excitement begins with the first entrance inside gaol walls of the criminal, and only dies when "Nosey Bob" (the New South Wales executioner) cuts short the life of the unfortunate wretch at the end of his rope. When a murderer is received in gaol speculation runs very high amongst the prisoners as to the result of his trial. Wagers are made in figs of tobacco as to whether the prosecution will break down or whether the Judge will pronounce the awful sentence. Then, again, the ques- tion of which Judge will try the case is a very strong element in the speculation, which is rife. If they learn in the yard that a certain severe Judge will sit every effort is made to seek a postponement of the trial. They prefer any other Judge to this particular one. Immediately the culprit is put on his trial a message is sent to the governor, of the gaol, stating that the man has been arraigned for murder. A suit of con- demned clothes with buttons down the side of the trousers, after the fashion of the coster's, together with boots and chains, are placed in the condemned cell ready for the poor wretch to wear on his return from hearing the last words of his sentence, "May the Lord have mercy on your soul." For the last night he wears spring irons, but the second day the irons are rivetted, and these he wears til within five minutes of his execution. When he enters his bath he wears the manacles, and as he paces up and down his cell the clang, clang of the fetters can be heard. Of course, the first thing that happens to the condemned man is that a clergyman of his denomination at once attends him, and ministers to his spiritual wants. The effect of these religious ministra- tions is very remarkable. The parsons play no small part in the last hours of the condemned. Their visits in the first place give great hope to the convict. Each visit appears to buoy up the poor wretch, who still clings to the idea that he will be reprieved. "Hope" is the whole exist- ence of the man in the condemned cell. "Hope" induces him to pray as he never did before in his life, and in the anguish of his soul he pours forth his petition in eloquence - but not for the salvation hereafter, not for the hope 'to come - for a reprieve, that his neck might be saved. It is extraordinary the promises they make the Almighty if but the one prayer answered - viz., a reprieve. Makin, on his knees, promised that for the rest of his natural life he would carry a Bible or a prayer book in his pocket. He promised, as penance, to wear irons for seven years. Broken down with crying, he would repeatedly urge these pledges on the Almighty. Hope clings to the condemned to the last, and it is only when "Nosey Bob" comes in to strap their arms that they give way and utter the first and last devout prayer, "God have mercy on me." Makin at times, however, when he thought the Lord was not helping to save his neck, fell back on his own resources. He threatened to expose the parents of the unfortunate babies he had slaughtered. He made a long statement in writing, mentioning who these were, but strong influence was brought to bear, and the man, under pressure, tore up the documents. To the very last he believed that he would be saved, and only when his chains were being knocked off he saw his end had come. "Great God, am I to die?" he muttered, while his pallid face and trembling hands told of the awful struggle that was going on, and which was silenced for ever a few minutes later. Louisa Collins was another specimen of the hoping condemned. "They will never hang a woman," she declared; "they will spare my life at the last moment." Then when she saw it was all over, when the hangman came to escort her across to the gallows she faintly said, "And has it come to this?" "If you have a confession to make," urged the chaplain, "do so now, as you have only a few minutes to live." "My confession will be made to God, before whom I shall appear to-day," she firmly answered. Perhaps there was never an execution which was so bungled as this one. Howard, the hangman, had a new assistant who had to pull the lever to drop the trap. An iron pin is used to keep the trigger from going off, but at the executioner's signal this is removed and the lever pulled. Howard adjusted the rope, fixed it firmly, and called to his assistant to pull. He did pull, but in his excitement had forgotten to remove the pin. "Pull, pull," cried Nosey Bob, and the assistant pulled with all his might. What anguish the woman passed through in those brief moments when she heard the excited hangman and his assistant calling to one another to hurry on the work of destruction can be better imagined than described. Some there are who assert that she died with fright during that short period. Luckily for the gaol authorities, warder Matt Coonan saw what had happened, and, seizing a mallet, struck the pin out of the socket and the trap went flying open, and Louisa Collins was shot into eternity. The sight that followed was sickening. Blood streamed from the body, and a wen which the unfortunate woman had under her neck was ripped from end to end, and presented a ghastly and awful appearance. Poor Warder Coonan, who saved the authorities a lot of trouble, was made a butt of by the prisoners, one of whom composed the following doggrel regarding the affair, with apologies to "Who Killed Cock Robin?" Who hanged Louisa Collins? I, says Matty Coonan, While Nosey Bob was foolin', I hanged Louisa Collins. It is needless to say that the warder did not appreciate the efforts of the gaol bard. Perhaps one of the most remarkable criminals who was hanged was Frank Johns. Quite a young man, intelligent and far-seeing, he was once reprieved, and in the end died the death of a felon. He was first sentenced to death as a member of the famous Moonlight gang, of Wantabadgery fame. His youth saved his life. Next he stabbed a fellow prisoner. For this offence he paid the last penalty of the law. The crime for which he was hanged was committed under very strange circumstances. While serving his first sentence, he was visited by a lady missionary, old enough to be his mother. A dreadful scandal got about regarding the relations between the youthful bushranger and the lady who ministered to his spiritual wants. This was strengthened by effusive and hysterical letters which the lady addressed to Johns' mother, and the scandal became public talk in the gaol. A prisoner chaffed Johns about the gossip, and in a fit of temper he stabbed the man with a table-knife, and paid for his rashness on the scaffold. Johns was inclined to free- thought notions, and Mr. Thomas Walker, M.L. A., used to continually visit him. In the meantime, the Church of England clergyman and Wesleyan minister endeavored to lead him into Christian paths. "You both remind me," he said, "of two men on top of a well, looking down at the man who is drowning, and asking him if they can help him. I am like that drowning man. You save my neck first, then we will talk about the hereafter. Take my hand; feel it? Is it not warm? Does not the blood run freely through it? Look at my eyes. Are they not bright? Yet tomorrow before this time the blood in the hand which holds yours will have ceased to flow. The eyes you call bright now will have no light in them tomorrow. You save this body first, then talk to me about my soul." The night before his execution a big demonstration took place, and the gaol walls were surrounded by thousands of people. Johns could hear them talking, and he begged for permission to look through the barred window. The warder allowed him, and he said in an undertone, "The last glimpse of the world. Fare- well! Good bye!" The morning of his execution he was composed and calm. Taking a volume of Pope's poems, he wrote the following to Jack Thompson, alias Thunderbolt, who has since obtained his release:-"Tues-- day morn, 14th July, 1885. Jack Thomp- son, or Jamieson, alias Thunderbolt. I made a mistake in writing a few words for poor Bill in Moore's poems, but you can arrange it between you. I intended this one for Bill. Be good, Jack; be good. Nothing else is worth living for.- FRANK. In haste. Eight o'clock." An hour, afterwards the hand that wrote "Be good - nothing else is worth living for," was cold and useless. The burial of the young bushranger took place under strange circumstances. The free- thought people claimed the body, and were going to give it a great funeral. At 3 o'clock the following morning Warder Longford, in disguise, accom- panied by a posse of police, conveyed the coffin in a dust cart to Newtown railway station, where a train was in readiness for Rookwood. It had been raining heavily, and the grave had over 2ft. of water in it. Longford took an interest in the poor wretch, and felt for him. The wind sweeping through the cemetery sang a strange requiem, and as the first clods of earth were thrown in the warder pro- nounced the words, "earth to earth, dust to dust, ashes to ashes," and then offered up a prayer. Perhaps it was the most fervent prayer Warder Longford ever sent up to the Almighty. The task of filling in the grave was a hard one, for as soon as the earth weighed down the head of the floating coffin, the latter tilted up. At last, after, two hours' hard work, warder and police succeeded in filling in the grave, and returned. The next morning the free-thought people were furious when they learned that the body had been clandestinely interred, and on the following Sunday they went to Rook- wood, where a special service was held at the grave. Of all the cases that caused excitement in Darlinghurst Gaol it was the Mount Rennie outrage. When it became known that Mother Gertrude - the Reverend Superior of the Sisters of Mercy - was using her best efforts to obtain the reprieve of some of the youths con- cerned, the whole gaol joined in wishing her success. She went to Lord Carrington, and on her knees begged for the lives of two in particular, Newman and Hill. The former was a Protestant. The Reverend Mother also went to the Premier, and, in fact, to any with whom she thought she could find favor. The good lady was very popular with warders and prisoners. It was just muster time \- near 5 o'clock - the evening before the execution, when the reprieve of the two boys came. The news ran through the gaol, and Mr. Read, the governor of Darlinghurst, was in the yard. The prisoners were wound up with excite- ment. "Three cheers for Mother Gertrude," cried one prisoner, and "God bless her." They knew how she had worked for the reprieve. A thousand throats would have voiced the sentiment, but Mr. Read, the governor of the gaol, was equal to the occasion. Raising his hand, he expressed himself in these words:- "Men, I beg of you not to give way to your feelings. I respect the good wishes you have for Mother Gertrude, for her devotion to those boys. But remember those who have not been reprieved. Every cheer you give means a double death to the poor wretches who have to stand on the scaffold to-morrow. Behave as men, and think of the poor fellows who have to be hanged, and do not add to their misery." There was not a murmur, but when the muster was over, the remarks made by Mr. Read showed that he had gained the good wishes and respect of every convict. His fine feelings for I the condemned were made the subject of much comment by the prisoners, and they, one and all, voted that he was the most humane governor they had ever seen. As for the two boys who were reprieved, they remained dazed and speechless, sucking the dry roofs of their mouths with parched tongues, trying to realise what they were passing through. It was only after their companions had been executed that they understood the full measure of the kindness done them by the good lady who took such an interest in their well-being. While the Mount Bennie boys were awaiting their execution, a special gallows at a cost of £300 was built for them. The poor fellows could hear the hammering and fixing of the stage on which they were to stand for the last time in their life. Indeed, on Sundays, when they were conducted to church, they had actually to pass over a portion of it. The poor fellows never once realised their position until they were led " like lambs to the slaughter." Captain Moonlight, alias Scott, was also a remarkable criminal. His criminal history was a very bad one, and, to add to his many crimes, he led astray many young men - Johns, for example. He died "game," and chided his mate, Rogan, with cowardice. The jibing he gave him caused him to walk firmly to the gallows, and both dropped together. Scott entertained a dreadful dislike to warders. Three days before the execu- tion, he swore that after he was hanged he would worry "Nosey Bob" and haunt Darlinghurst Gaol. "When you are on your lonely beat on the gaol at night," he said, "then my ghost will haunt you. I'll give you all a turn." However, he has not kept his word, and the warders keep on their beats, and "Nosey Bob" still hangs people. The most callous prisoner for years past was Smedley, who stabbed his wife to death at Tamworth. He damned parson and cursed creation, and only wanted to be hanged. He looked for his execution with a certain amount of pleasure, and never once regretted his crime. The authorities at once thought he was insane, but he loudly protested against such a supposition. Most condemned criminals assert that they have no recollection of the crime, and die with this statement on their lips. Archer stoutly held out to the end that he was innocent of the crime, and Hewart, a burly North of England man, charged with murdering a fellow-prisoner in the Central Police Station, declared that he had no recollection of the crime. The murder was the most awful one of its character, as he mutilated his victim with his teeth, and behaved more as a savage than a civilised being. His request the Sunday before he was hanged was that they should sing in the gaol church Brief life is here our portion, Brief sorrows short lived care; The life that knows no ending, The tearless life is there. The last night the criminal passes on earth is a very solemn one. Nosey Bob and his assistant are let in, and they stretch and grease the rope. The scaffold is not far from the condemned cells, and in the night the gruesome work of the hangman can be heard proceeding. Tap, tap, tap, and Nosey firmly fixes down the knots on the beam. Bang! the hangman is trying the lever, and the drop falls. The poor wretch in the cell hears all these preparations for his judicial murder, and his heart leaps to his mouth as he hears the bang of the trap opening, and knows that in a few hours he will be banged off the same way. Then the morning comes. Poor wretch, his last night's sleep has been bad. Tossing and moaning, he counts the hours as the sentinels on the wall cry out "All's well." Then the parson attends him, and begs of him to think of something better, to centre his thoughts on a God of infinite mercy. He has already heard this from the Judge who passed sentence, and he thinks of the cruel mockery the words convey. Still he hopes for a reprieve. His hour-glass is fast running down, the sands of time are quickly passing. He hears hurrying to and fro and just a few minutes to 9 the voice of the sheriff, "I demand the body of --" The condemned man gasps. Then the blacksmith enters - a free man - and he begins to knock off the rivets in the chains. The parson begins the burial service of the dead. "I heard a voice from heaven - " Clang, clang sounds the blacksmith's tools to the mockery. "Saying, blessed are they who die in the Lord," continues the minister. Just then the whole of the chains fall with a clang, clang, clang, and drown the words of the man of the gospel. Nosey Bob enters, dressed in a fault- less suit of black, with his hair dabbed down with grease and a sickly odor of musk and patchouli coming from his handkerchief. He pinions his man, and in a nasal voice tells him not to be afraid. He then leads him up to the scaffold; the great cruel rope, with its still crueller knots, terrify the man. The parson mumbles some prayers, the pinioned prisoner has his last glimpse at the world, the sheriff drops his hand, the lever is pulled - bang! and the work of judicial hanging is over. The body is removed, the rope is removed, the rope burned, Nosey and his assistant bundled out of gaol, the excitement dies away, and the gaol once more regains its normal con- dition. - Sunday Times. 