WIT AND HUMOR. A Paradox Indeed.— "That's a paradox," said Pounder. "What is?" said Bangor. "That upright pianos are not square." "Waiter!" "Yes, sir." " What is this ? " "It's bean soup, sir." "No matter what it has bean ; the question is, what is it now ? " Tiie Cook's Status. — ' ' Do you regard your cook as. the premier of your bouse?" "No; Sho oorabines domestio affairs with foreign rela tione .in her office." A Herculean Task.— Blair: "He wee the grentest mnn I know of." Kicr : " What did ho do?" Blair : "He wrote love letters without making.a fool of himself." In a Restaurant. — Proprietor: "Anyone waiting on yon, Bliss?" Miss Hayseed (bhish- ingly) : "Well, Hi Perkine is kind er purring round,, but he hain't talked bustnoss yet. Knew Part of it. — Bliss Flirt (to horyoung ndmircr) : "Why, Charlio, you don't oven know tho A B 0 of love !" Oliarlio (stoutly) : " Well, I know tho U and I of it, anyway." Hard on Him. — "Woll, I hoar old Biopsy- bogs has died at last." "Yes : it was a terrible blow and a Bad loss to me. " " Weroyou a friend of his?" "No, not exaotly; but I was his doctor." Literally Interpreted.—" Johnny, do be have." "Pa said I neodn't." "What?" "Yes, .ho did. He. just sent .me np here. Ho said, ' If you can't bchavo yourself, go up stairs,' so I came." . , A Sudden Departure.— Withsby : " Didn't your new cook leave rather suddenly ?" Plank- ington: "Yes. She got mixed in her dates. She had a poliooman and a burglar oall on her the same evening." - He was Careful.— The Knowing Youth: " And here, darling, ia the engagement ring I have bought for you!" The Girt: "Ah, how sweet!". The Youth : "And just write 'me out a rccoipt for it, please." His Boundless Love.— " Gran'ma," said little 4-year-old Austin, as ho twined his arms lovingly about his grandmother's neok— "gran' ma, you'll never know how much I lovo you till you have a oliild of yotir own !" At srencer-street.— Btr, Murray Hill : " Hurry up ; that train is going in n minute !" Mr. Fulton : "How do you know?" BIr. Blurray Hill : 11 Bocause.tiioy'vo stopped yelling ' All aboard. Step lively now ! ' " "You are not like a ghost, are you, BIr. Lingeriong?" she said as she yawned behind her fan at the parlor stance. "Why am I not like a ghost ?" ho asked bravely. "Because a ghost vanishes at the approach of morning." . Pests of the Salesmen.— A long sufforing salesman in a rotail dry goods establishment aptly applies to that oiass of shoppers who i'u- aist upon examining every artiolb anil never pur chasing anything the torm "counter irritants." Learning the Rudiments.— "Papa," said Jlmmie, who is just learning his multiplication tables, why isn't tliore a subtraction table1" Thoro is, my son. When you sit down' to din ner and begin to cat, that is a subtraction table." i ?I!aTI,!EAs : , PridEet> did you ask the hntolier if bo frogs' logs, as I told yon?" Bridget : ". No, ma'am." Blistress : "Why didn t you ?'.' Bridget : " Sure, ma'am, an' I didn t need to ; I saw that he oonld walk as good M anybody. . 6 , m?iHIr. wH S,r0(H;KIL" Fannie, yon slovenly littlo brat, there1! a iolein your stooking," said Mr. Blurray to his little daughter. " Father remember that we are not alone," repliod'Fannie with immense. 'dignity, roforring to tho preaenoe of a six year old playmate. What They Did NoT resemm,k.-Smytho : " That drummer that I met last night told some offbeat stories I ever hoard." Mrs. Smyths : i?Vv® "' i I'f7 W.?tB ao,??d' "kut were thoy liko?' Smytlie : '.'I couldn't say exactly, but they certainly weren't liko tracts." - N Salary demanded.--Mr. Skidds ' (feel; ing h s way):. "Miss Fosdiok, what salary do .you think a young pian ought to havo to marry "' Bllaa Fosdiok (with woll simulated snrnri'sfil " My grocious, Mr. Skidds, do young men dc- maud a salary for marrying nowadays ?" Hard. — The shark and his family were gathered about their lowly board partaking of the summer girl who bail ventured too far from tho boaob. "Here," suddenly oxolalmed tho mother to her youngest, "don't take the heart. Yon must . think dontists' sorvioes are cheap." Above their .heads the; qoean . rolled, and ten thousand fleets swept. over it in vain. . ThePoet of.the Future. — "VanFohn ohafes at the limitations of poetical expression." " I know ho doeB ; hut ho has inaugurated an opooh making ohange in literature." " What ia it ?" "Wheu ho is hard up for a rhyme he aoim a word and gives its moaning in n foot note." A Telltale Look. — " How did you get on ?" was askcil on tho Rinlto. "Oh! I mot with fair sucocbs. I played Hamlet for the first time, you know. It went all right, exoopt that I stumblod arid fell into Ophelia's grave." "That must have been awfully embarrassing?" "So it was, but I would not hnvo minded it if the audience had not looked so tirod when I got out." How She Celebrated Christmas.— "How do you oelcbratc Christmas ?" BIrs. Blank asked a Toorak lady of an over squeamish neighbor. "With a. Christmas tree, or do tho ohiidrcn hang tip their atookings?" "My husband's peoplo always have a tree," was the reply, " but I was brought up to aoiebrnte it in tho other fashion, and so wo hang up, ah — cr— . We hang up our'hosiery." She Demanded a Receipt.— ." And so you gave my now overcoat toastrangor,"saiilanangry man to his wife, "Bimply upon his saying that I had sent for it." " I didn't know that he was a swindlor," replied the unfortunate woman, botweeii hor sob9, . " nntl, besides that, I took every precaution." "What precautions, pray?" inquired tho husband, "Why, I mndo him give me a receipt for it, and hore it is," returned tho. wife, extending a picco of paper. "I always, thought suoh acknowledgments wore binding ;" but, . alas, for . tho ovcrooat, it was never seen again. . A .Sure. Cure. — Tho morehaat was rather blue, and liis wife noticing it,- asked what the matter was. " Blatter enough," ho sighed. "I've been looking over my books, aud I find I've lost money ovory month for the: last year." How ilid you losoit?" sho inquired. "0, I don't know," ho said, shaking his head wearily. "Nor whore?" "No." Then she thought a minute and remombored what alio did when she lost hor pocketkook, and her faoo brightened. "Why don't you advertise for it?" bIio asked, innocently. "By George," ho oxolairaod, "I never thought of that," aud tho uoxt day he had a big display ad. iu tho paper, and the next, and the next, anil in three months' time ho was in olovor up to liis ohm. 