A FIGHT WITH A GHOST. "No, I never believed much in ghosts,". said; the doctor. " But I was always rather afraid of them." - "Have you ever seen one 1" asked one of the other men. The doctor took his cigar from his mouth and contemplated the ash for a moment or two before replying. "I have had some rather startling ex periences," he said after a pause, dur ing which the rest of us exchanged glances ; for the doctor has seen many things, and is not adverse to talking about them in congenial com pany. " Would you care' about hear ing one of them 1 It gives me the cold shiver, now to speak of it." Wo nodded, and the doctor, taking a sip as nn antidote to the shivers, began : "You remember George Carson, who played for the 'Varsity some years ago y big chap, with a light moustache. Well, I saw a good deal of him before he married, while he was reading for the Bar in town. It was just after he became engaged to Miss Stonor, , who is now Mrs. Car- son-rJost- Christmas but one, in fact — that he asked me to go down to a place which his people had taken in the country. Miss Stonor was to bo there, and he wanted me to meet her. I could not go down for Christmas Day, as I had promised to be with my people. But as I had been working a bit too hard and wanted a few days' rest I decided to turn over the pick of the influenza and' Christ mas indigestion to' a man who often devils for me, and run down for a few days about tho New Year. " "Woodcote was 'a pleasant enough place to look at. -There ' were two packs of hounds within easy distanco, and it was . nob far enough from a . station to cut you off completely from bite iiiurniiig papers. xuo vxursons had been lucky, I thought, in coming across such a good house at- a mode rate figure. For, as George told me, tho owner had been obliged to go abroad for his health, and was anxious, nob to leave the place empty all the winter. It was an old house, with big gables and prepos terous corners all over the place : and you couldn't walk, ten paces along any of the passages without tumbling up or down stairs. Bub it had been patched from time to time, and among other' improvements a big billiard-room had boon built out at the buck. A country house in the winter without a. billiard-room, when tho frost stops; hunting, is just — well, not even a gilded prison. The party was a small one ; besides ' George and his father and mother, there wore only a couple of Miss Carsons, who, being somewhere in tho early teens, didn't count, and Miss Stonor, who, of course, counted a good deal, and, lastly, myself. " Miss Stonor ought to have been liaimv. for George Carson, besides being an excellent fellow all round, was by no means a bad match, being an only son with con siderable expectations. But somehow or other she did not strike mo us looking either very well or very happy. She gave me tho impression of having something on her mind, which made her alternately nervous and listless. George, I fancied, noticed it, and was puzzled by it, for I caught him several times watching her with an anxious and inquiring look ; but as I was not there as a doctor, of course it was no business of mine, though I discovered tho reason before I left Woodcote. " The second night after my arrival — we had been playing, I remember, a'family pool — the rest had gone up stairs to bed. George and I ad journed to a sort of study which ho had arranged upstairs for a final smoke and chat before turning in. The study was next to his bed room, and parted off from it it by curtains. As we were settling down I missed my pipo, and remembered that I had laid it down in the billiard- room. On principle I never smoke another man's pipo ; so I lit a candlo, the house being in darkness, and Btavted away in search of my own. The house looked awfully weird by tho flickering light of a solitary candlo, and the stairs creaked in a particu larly guesome way behind me, just for all tho world as though some one were following at my heels. I found my pipe where I had expected in the billiard-room, and came back in perhaps a little more hurry than was absolutely necessary. Which, per haps, explains why I stumbled in the uncertain light over a couple of unfor- seen stairs, and dropped my candle. Of course it went out, but after a little groping I found it. Having no matches with mo I was obliged to feel my way along tho banisters, for it was so dark that I could not see my hand in front of me. And as I slowly advanced, sliding my hand along the broad balus trade at my side, it suddenly slid over something cold and clammy, which was not balustrade at all ; for, stop ping dead, and closing my fingers round it for an instant, I felt that I was holding another hand, a skinny, bony hand, which writhed itself slowly from my grasp. And though I could hear nothing and see nothing, I was yet conscious that something was brushing past me and going up iho stairs. " ' Hi— what's that ? Who are you?' I called. "There was no answer. . "I admit that I was in a regular funk. I must have shown it in my face. " 1 What's the matter ?' asked George as Ijblundered into his study. " 1 Oh nothing, 'I answered, 1 dropped my candle and lost the way.' " 'But who were you talking to?' '"I was only swearing at the candle,' I replied. "'Oh! I thought perhaps you had seen — somebody,' replied George. "Somehow i did not like to tell him the truth for fear he would laugh at my nervousness. But I determined to keep an eye on my liver, and take a couple of weeks complete rest. That night I woke up several times with the feeling of that confounded hand under my own — a clammy hand which writhed as my lingers closed upon it. " The next morning after breakfast I was in the billiard-room practising strokes while Carson was over at the stables. Presently the door opened, and Miss Stonor looked in. " 'Come in,' I said, ' George will be back from the stables in a few minutes. Meanwhile we can have fifty up.' "'I wanted to speak to you,' she said. . " She was looking very tired and ill, and I began to think I sliould not have an uninterrupted holiday after all. " ' Do you believe in ghosts ?' she asked, having closed' the door and como up to tho table, where she stood lean ing with both her hands upon it. " 'No,' I replied, missing an easy cannon as I remembered my experience of last night, ' but I believe in fancy.' " ' And, supposing then that a per son fancied he saw things, is there any remedy 1" " 'What do you mean, Miss Stonor ?' I replied, looking at her in some sur prise. ' Do you mean that you fancy ? ' "I stopped ; for Miss Stonor turned away, sat down on ono of- the easy chairs by the wall, and burst into tears. " ' Oh ! Please help me i' she sobbed, 'I believe I am going mad.' " I laid down my cue and went over to her. " 'Look here, Miss Stonor,'. I said, taking her hand, which was hot and feverish ; 'I am a! doctor, and a. friend of George. Now tell mo all about it, and I'll do my best to set it right.' " She was in .a more or less hysteri cal condition, and her words were freely punctuated by sobs. But gradu ally -I managed to elicit from her that nearly every night since she camo to Wnnrlnntn clip hurl bfifin awakened in somo mysterious way, and had seen a horrible face looking at her from over the top c.f a screen which stood by the door of her bedroom. As soon as she moved the face disappeared, which convinced her that the appari tion existed only in her imagination. That seemed to distress her even more than if she had believed it to be a genuine ghost; for she thought her brain was giving way. " I told her that she was only suf fering from a very common symptom of nervous disorder, as indeed it is, and promised to send a groom into tho village to get. a prescription made up for her. And, having made me pro mise to breathe no word to anyone on the subject, more especially to George, she went away relieved. Neverthe less, I was not quite-certain that I had made a correct diagnosis of the case. You see I had been rather upset myself not mauy hours before. George was longer than I expected at tho stables, and I was just going to find him when at the door I met Mrs. Carson. " ' Can you spare mo one moment ?' she said, as I held open the door for her. ' I wanted to find you alone.' " ' Certainly Mrs. Carson, with pleasure ; an hour, if you wish,' I re plied. " ' It is so convenient, you know, to have a doctor in tho house,' she said, with a nervous laugh. 'Now I want you to prescribe me a sleeping- draught. My nerves are rather out of order, and — and I don't sleep as I should.' " ' Ah,' I said. ' Do you see faces . — and such like things when you wake ?' " ' How did you know ?' she asked, quickly. "'Oh, I inferred from the othor symptoms. We doctors liave to ob serve all kinds of little things.' " ' Well, of course, I know it is only fancy ; but it is just as bad as if it were real. I assure you it is making me quite ill ; and I didn't like to mention it to Mr. Garson or to George. They would think I was losing my head.' "I gave Mrs. Carson the same prescription as I had written for Miss Stonor, though by that time the con viction had grown upon mo that there was something wrong which could not be cured by medicine. However, I decided to say nothing to George about tho matter at present. For I could hardly utiliso tho coniidonco which had been placed in mo by Miss Stonor ant! Mrs. Carson. And my own ex perience of the night before would scarcely have appeared convincing to him. But I determined that on the nextday — which was Sunday — I would invent an excuse for staying at homo from church and mako some explora tions in the house. There. was ob viously some mystery at work which wanted clearing up. " Wo all sat up rather late that night. There seemed to be a general disinclination to go to bed. We stayed all together in the billiard-room until nearly midnight, and then loitered about ir« tho hall, talking in an aim less sort of fashion. But at last Mrs. Carson said good-night, with a confidential nod to me, and Miss Stonor murmured, 'So many thanks ; I've got it,' and they both went upstairs. George and I parted in tho corridor above. Our rooms wero opposite one another. "I did not begin undressing at once, but sat down and tried to piece to gether somo theory to account for the uncanniness of things. But the more I thought the more perplexing it became. There was no doubt whatever that I hud put my hand on something ex tremely alive and extremely unpleasant the night before. The bare' recollection of it mndo mo shudder. 3Yhat living thing could possibly be creeping about the house in the dark ? It was a man's hand. Of that I was certain from the size of it. George Carson was out of the question, for lie was in his room all tho time, -now was it likely that Mr. Carson senior would steal about his own house in his socks and refuse to nnswup wlipn nnnlron tn Tim rtnKr other man in the house was an emi nently respectable-looking butler ; and his hand, as I had noticed particularly when he poured out my wine at dinner, was plump and soft, whereas the mys terious hand on the balustrade was thin and bony. And then, what was the real explanation of the face which had appeared to the two ladies ? In digestion might have explained either singly. Extraordinary coincidences do sometimes occur, but it seemed too ex traordinary that a couple of ladies — one old and one young — should suffer from the same indigestion in the same house, at the same time and with the same symp toms. On the whole I did not feel at all comfortable, and looked care fully in all the cupboards and recesses, as well as under the bed, before start ing to undress. Then I went to tho door, intending . to lock it. Just as my hand was upon the key I heard a soft step in the corridor outside, ac companied by a sound which was something between a sigh and a groan. Very faint, but quite unmis- takeable, and, under the circum stances, discomposing. It might, of course, bo George. Anyhow, I decided to look and see. I turned the handle gently and opened tho door. There was nothing to be seen in the corridor. But on tho opposite side I could see a door open, and George's head peeping round'tho corner. Hullo I ' he said. i" « Hullo 1 ' I replied. '"Wa3 that; you walking up tho passage ? ' lie asked. "'No,' I answered, 'I thought it might bo you.' " ' Then who the devil was it ?' he said, ' I'll swear I heard some.one.' " There was silence for a few moments. I was wondering whether I' had better toll him of the fright I had already had, when he spoko again. "I say, just come in here for a bit, old fellow ; I want to speak to you.' " I stepped across the passage, and we went together into the little study which adioined his bedroom. " ' Look here,' he said, poking up the fire, which was burning low, 1 doesn't it strike you that there is something very odd about this house ?' " ' You mean ' " ' Well, I wouldn't say anything about it to the mater or Miss Stonor for fear of frightening them. All the same, scarcely a night passes but I hear curious footsteps on the stairs. You've heard them yourself, haven't you?' "Now you mention it,' I said, 'I confess I have.' " 'And, what is more,' ho continued 'I was sitting hero two nights ago half asleep, and — it seems ridiculous I know, but it's a fact — I suddenly saw a horrible face glaring at mo from between thoso curtains behind you. It was gone in a moment, but I saw it as plainly as 1 see you.' " I moved my seat uneasily. " ' Did you look in your bedroom, or in the passage? ' I asked. " ' Yes — at or.ee,' ho replied. ' There was nothing to bo seen; but twice again that night I heard footsteps passing — good lioci 1 He started up in his chair, staring straight over my shoulder. I turned quickly and saw the curtains which parted off the bedroom swing together. " ' What is it? ' I asked, breathlessly. " I saw it again — the same face — between tho curtains.' "I tore the hangings aside, and rushed into the noxt room. It was empty. Tho lamp wus burning upon a side table, and the door was open, just as George had left it, In tho passage out side all was quiet. I came back into tho study, and found George running his fingers through his hair in perplexity. " 'There is clearly ono person too many in the house,' I said. ' I think wo ought to draw tho place and find out who it is.' " ' All right,' said be, picking up tho poker from tho fireplace ; ' if it's any thing made of flesh and blood this will be useful, and if not — .' " Ho stopped short. For at that instant the most awful shriek rang through the house — a shriek of wild uncontrollable terror such as I bad never heard before, and never hope to hear again. One moment wo stood staring at each other dumb founded. The next George Car son had dashed out of the room and down tho corridor to tiie stairs, I following close bohind him. For wo both knew that no ono but a woman in mortal fear would shriek like that, and that that woman was Miss Stonor. " Down tho stairs wo tumbled pell- mell in the pitch darkness. But just before I reached the landing below, where Miss Stonor's room was, I felt, as I had felc the ovening before, something brush swiftly past mo. As I ran I turned and cnught at it in tho dark. But my' hand gripped only empty air. I was just about to turn back and follow it, when a cry from George arrested me, and looking down I saw him standing over tho prostrate figure of Miss Stonor. Tho door of her room was open, and by the moonlight whicli streamed into tho room I could see her lying in her white nightdress across the threshold. What followed in the noxt few minutes I can scarcely recall with accuracy. The whole house uas aroused by the poor girl's awful shriek. Sho was quite unconscious when we came upon her ; but she revived more or less as soon as Mrs. Carson and one of tho terrified servants hud ' lifted her into her bed uqain. Nothing intelligible could be gathered from her, however, as to the cause of her fright ; she only repeated hysterically again and again : " ' Oh ! the face — tho face !' " When I saw I could do her no further good, for tho present. I took George by the arm and led' him out of the room. "'Look here, George,' I said, 'wo must find out the reason of this at once. I am certain 1 felt something go by me as I came downstairs, Now, does that staircase lead anywhere but to our rooms ?' " George considered for a moment. " ' Yes,' he replied, ' there is a door at the end of the passage which lead3 up into a sort of lumber room.' " ' Then we will explore it,' I said. ' For my part I can't.go to sleep until I've got to tho bottom of this. Get tho man to bring a lantern along. " Tho butler looked as though ho didn't half like the enterprise ; and, to tell the truth, no more did I. It was the uncanniest job I ever under took. However, we started, the three of us. First of all wo searched the rooms on the floor . above, whore George and I. .slept. . Everything was just as wo . hod left it. Thon I pushed open the door at the end of the corridor. A crazy- looking staircase led up into dark ness. Wo went cautiously up, I first with a candle, then George, and last of all tho butler with a lantern. At the top we stepped into a big, rather low, room, with beams across the ceil- iug, and a rough, uneven floor. Our lights threw strange shadows into the corners, and more than once I started at what looked like a crouching human figure. : Wo searched every corner. There was nothing to bo seen but a few old boxes,' a roll or two of matting, and somo broken chairs. But in tho far corner George pointed out to me a rickety ladder which ended at a closed trap-door. Just then I dis tinctly heard the curious half-groan ing,- half-sighing -sound. -wbiclr had- already puzzled me in tho corridor below. We stoodstill ; and looked at one another. . Wo had all heard the sound. ! " ' Whatever it is, it's up there,' I said. 'The question is, who is going up?" ' . "George put his candle down upon the floor, and stepped upon the ladder. Itrcrackedybeneath his weight. He stopped. " ' Come down, it won't bear you,' I said. ' I shall have to go.' ' "I don't know that I was ever in such a green funk as' I wus while I slowly monntod that ladder, and pushod open the trap- door. I had formed no clear idea of what I expected to find there. Certainly 1 was not prepared for what happened. Eor no sooner was tho trap-door fully open than there fell — literally fell — upon mo from the darkness above a thing in human shape, which kicked and spat and tore at mo as I stood cliuging to the ladder. It lasted but a moment or so, but in that moment I lived a lifetime of terror. The ladder swayed and cracked beneath me, and I fell to the floor with the thing grip ping my throat like a vice. The next instant George had stunned it with a blow from the poker and dragged it ofT me. It lay upon its back on -the floor ; a ragged, hideous, loathsome shape. And tho mystery was solved." " But you haven't told us what it really was," said ono of tho listeners, The doctor smiled. "It was the owner of the house,'1 lie replied. "He had not gono abroad. Ho had gone to a private lunatic asylum with homicidal mania upon him. About a fortnight before this he had managed to .escape, and, having made his way to his former home, had UUULUUiUU 1J11UOU41) IISVI1 U bUliUliijij Wl-bUlt shown by lunatics, in tho loft. I sup pose ho had found enough to eat in his nightly rambles about tho house. The only wonder is that hb didn't kill someone before he was caught." The greatest sensation of tho season at a well-known bathing resort in tho north of England (sayB a late papor) was theoccentrie appearance of ' a' newly-married couple, wnose union wa3 not merely the union of hearts and souls, but also of clothes. As far as people of opposite sexes can (that senteuco was a decided relief to me, for I really did not know what could pos sibly be coming next) they dross every day exactly alike. In the morning they appea- in costumes of white flannel, each with a double-breasted coat, each with a blue shirt front, und each with a natty little butterfly tie, and cummerbund of black silk. Each also wears a white straw hat with black ribbon band, and tan bIiocs, Twin walking- canes danglo from each right, and twin cigarettes are gently puffed us they take their morning promenade on the beach. At other timc3 they turn out in darlc-bluo suits with red tics, &c.; ; or again in checked twceil3 with cloth caps and round cloaks of identical pattern. The only difference that the man wore a bangle and the girl did not. 