OEANGE PEELINGS. (Gathered by our Correspondent). Orange, Monday. Two fellows named Culbert and Thompson were before tho court this morning on a charge of assaulting and lobbing Edwin Richardson, a tailor. Constable O Bnen arrested the accused who denied they had been in a hotel after nine o'clock. Arthur Henry Lack, bar man at Tattersall's Hotel, said on tho night of tho robbery he bad seen Richardson and the accused drinking together at 11 o'clock. Richardson de posed that the defendants represented to him they were miners. They asked him to ' shout ' and he complied. They said they knew where thero was a good gold find, and Richardson accompanied them a part of the way and no further.. Then Culbert commenced to strangle Richardson and gripped at ono of his pockets, but he could not say if ho got the two 'bob ' in it. Anyhow tho money was missing. The accused alleged that Richardson was drunk and that he did not know what he was doing, and further they said he stated he lost his watch, re quested them to allow him to go to their camp as he did not wish to face his irate wife. The accused were sent for trial to the Orange Quarter Sessions. A public meeting was held to-night in tho Oddfellows. Hall to hear Messrs. Pilcher, Collins and Withers speak. ? It was a big meeting but I have not time to report it. Mr. Pilcher has got a requisi tion. from the ratepayers of Young Ward about two feet in length, and lie will go in for a certainty. Here is my ' tip ' and you'll find I will be correct : — Welling- ton Ward, T. A. Collins ; Victoria Ward, H. Lomas Smith ; and Young Ward, G. de V. Pilcher. The old fogeys won't stand tho ghost of a show. The financial position of the borough is a satire on the old Aldermen in the Council ; they appear to know nothing about finance, and when the time comes they will be all kicked out. Tuesday. At the Police Court to-day a man named Marsh, a confinee in Orange Gaol, was committed .for trial for striking a fellow-prisoner. The ratepayers had an enjoyable last evening in the Oddfellows' Hall. Tho new municipal aspirants addressed the free and independent there, and they received a good reception. Mr. Pilcher went into figures and showed that the revenue of the Borough would not really pay interest on the money borrowed. Mr. Pilcher met with a warm reception, and his opponent, I. do not think, will have a ghost of a show. Mr. Withers next spoke. He advocated the erection of a shed to shelter the cabbies. It had been apked what he had done, but he pointed out ho became a guarantor for a fire engine when tho big 'bugs' in the town declined. There was a good deal of mud slinging at election times, and ho threw down the gauntlet and asked his opponents to come forward arid say what they had against him. Mr. F. A. Collins followed, and met with' a cordial reception. He spoke about the necessity of retrenchment. ' Votes of confidence in tho candidates were carried, and Dr. Codrington pre sided, and wished Mr. H. Lomas Smith to speak; but as the meeting was under the auspices of the Ratepayers' Associa tion, he thought he would, not do so. He was not a member of the Associa tion, aud was not mentioned on the pro gramme to speak. Messrs. Pilcher and M'Fadden have been nominated for Young Ward ; Messrs. H. L. Smith and J. Withers .for Victoria Ward ; and Messrs. F. A. Collins and H. Laranco for Wellington Ward, and Major Stabback, has been re turned unopposd for East Ward, 