CURRENT TOPICS. SECRETARY FOR MINES.-Mr F. Belstead will be at the local Mines Office on Friday next from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. for the transac tion of business. OGaiL' INDUSTnIAL ScHoor.--The usual monthly meeting of the ladies' general committee of the Girls' Industrial School was held at the Town Hall on Tuesday. Present-Mrs Gilmore (in the chair), - Mesdames Barnes, Button, Edgell, Evans, Flexman, Gutteridge, Room, and Stan field, Miss Gurr, and the secretary. The matron's report stated that the health of the children had been good during the month, and the usual classes had been held. Through the kindness of Mr Harrap the children had been taken for an after noon excursion to Rosevear's by river, a treat which they had greatly enjoyed. A very large [quantity of flowers were given to the school for St. John's anni versary by numerous friends, many of whom sent theuir contributions through Messrs Cas9ley Bros, who kindly took the trouble tr collect, arrange, and deliver them. Through the courtesy of Mr R. Church the children were also enabled to see the flower show in November. The tollowing contributions are thankfully acknowledged :-Quantity of vegetables, Mr Bennett; flower-roots, Mr Castley; dripping, a friend; a guinea's worth of coal, the Mount Nicholas Coal Company,. Contributions on account of Christmas extras will be thankfully received by the treasurer, Mr F. Stanfield, or at the school, and fruit for jam-making would be also very acceptable. INVALID DEPoT.-A-t the conclusion of the usual routine business of the Benevo lent Society yesterday the chairman (Mr J. Stephenson) said that he had written to the Premier (hon. Sir Edward Braddon) for a final answer regarding the taking over of the Invalid Depot, and Sir Edward had replied that he had understood it was quite clear that the society would take over the Depot at the end of the year, and had instructed his secre-ary to forward the usual formal notification. It was then decided to form a committee of manage melt of those present, with Mr J. Stephen son as chairman, Mr M. Tyson as treasurer, and Mr R. Cameron secretary. A general discussion then took place on the future management, and it was decided that the ( members should visit the Depot frequently, half one week and the other half the next. For the present it was decided that the committee should meet fortnightly. The question of tenders was then gone into, and conditions agreed upon for advertise ments. CHAMBER we CotaDsERcE.--rhe usual monthly meeting of the Chamber of Com merce was held yesterday afternoon in the Ministerial-room, Public Buildings . Pre sent-Mr S. J. Sutton, M.H.A. (chairman), hon. H. I JRooke, M.L.C., Messrs Douglas Harris, A. Lý. Fowler, R. H. Price, Hedley Button, E. G. Miller, and R. S. Scott. The chairman apologised for the unavoid able absence of the secretary (Mr Alex. Webster), Mr A. R. Fowler acting in that capacity. The following correspocdence was read:-From the Attorney- General (hon. A. I. Clark), stating that he was not t in a position to give a definite reply to the Chamber's letter of 5th inst. re bills of sale. The proposal of the Chamber would make such a radical alteration in the law I of contracts that he thought it ought to be discussed in Parliament upon a preliminary resolution before any bill ( was prepared on the subject. Mr H. V. Bayly, Acting-Secretary to the Post.office, wrote stating that he was I directed by the Postmaster-General to acknowledge receipt of the Chamber's letter of the 7th inst., and inform them 1 that he was waiting a reply from Mr Robt. Gardner for an explanation as to terms, of his tender. Until receipt of such he was 1 not in a position to say whether the usual 1 monthly service to the Straits Islands would be performed by steamer or sailing l vessel. A letter was received from the Agent-General (Sir l'abert Herberv) ao. knowledging receipt of a communication 5 explanatory of the advantages offered by t Kelso Bay at the entrance of the Ta'mar to large Eteamers. This port as at present e surveyed and equipped appeared to afford excellent facilities for receiving and dis. charging cargo, and he would be glad to explain its merits whenever he had an opportunity of doing so. No business was brought forward, and after passing a small account the Chamber rose. YoueN LADIEs' JouRNAL.-From Messrs A. W. Birchall and Sons we have received the December and Christmas extra num. bers of the Young Ladies' Journal. The double issue contains. a coloured picture from the original painting by Laslett J. r Pott, entitled "Love's Eloquence." There are also coloured plates of fancy ball and evening dresses for ladies and children, 2 fancy work designs, a supplement of SChristmas amusements, a four-page music supplement, fashion illustrations, Christ. mas stories, and the commencement of two new tales, besides otherreading matterand pictures. We have also received copies 4 from Mr A. W. Mayhead. JAPANISE GCrODs.-Messrs W. T. Bell and Co. at their mart yesterday held a 1 large sale of Japanese goods, consisting of S300 lots, comprising bamboo furniture, fancy goods and eron ens, basket-ware and r porcelain. The sale lasted for about four hours, and nearly all the goods were sold, but at low prices. BENEVOLENr T s ocIT.-Tho usual weekly I meeting of the board of management of the Benevolent Society was held in the Town Hall yesterday afternoon, when there were 1 present-Messra J. Stephenson (chairman), W. R. Barwood, MI. Tyson, G. Baker, J. Tulloch, G. Wilkins, J. T. Farmilo, J. C. Genders, Theeos. Bourke, and Jas. Steer (treasurer). The secretary (Mr H. Cameron) reported that he had tem \- porarily relieved eight men, five women, 21 children, total 34. Of the. men one was assisted for five days, one for 3 four days, two for three days, and two for two days, and one was waiting admission to the Depot and one was attended as an out patient at the Hospital. There were now on the permanent roll 56 men, 119 women, 195 children, total 8370. The following donations were acknowledged by the trea surer :--Mrs H. T. A. Murray, 10s; Mr R. Armstrong, Superintendent of the Selby Police, 10s; Mr Dalton, 2s. The secretary reported that a woman was receiving relief from the society although her hus band was living near Hobart. It was decided to offer the fares for the woman and her two children to the locality where her husband was living, and if she refused to go that her name be struck off the roll. Captain Barwood reported that he had received promises of ~1l each from the Mayor (Alderman B. H. Price) and Alder man E. H. Panton towards the Christmas extras. Relief was granted to one candi date, and the proceedings concluded. SUNDAY SonooL PscNbcs.-The annual treat in connection with St. John's parish was held at Tattersall's Recreation Groun4 yesterday. The children attendig the Mission House, St. Oswald's (Trevallyn), and St. John's, assembled at the latter church at 10 a.m., where a short service was held, while a similar one was held at St. Aidan's. The scholars, numbering nearly 500 all told, were then driven to tha ground at Elphin, where the usual sports and games were indulged in with much success. The Revs. R. C. Nugent Kelly. F. Parnall, and Christie were also on the ground, and took an active £ part in the sports. They also paid every attention to the children, who conducted themselves well throughout the day. The party were driven back to the city shortly after seven o'clock after having spent merry time. The scholars attending St. Andrew's Sunday school also held their annual picnic at Beauty Park, and spent an enjoyable day. RIVER ExcunsIONs.-The steamer Cen- tennial ran an excursion to Rosevear's yesterday afternoon, and was fairly well patronised. In the evening the steamer made a moonlight trip to Dilston under charter to the Launceston Ladies' Gym- nssium Club, being accompanied by the Garrison Band, which rendered enjoyable selections during the run. The steamer left the wharf with a good number of people on board at 7"40 p.m., and returned at half-past 10 after a pleasant trip. MARINE BOARD. - Messrs Richard Green, Robert Gardner, and R. J. M'Kenzie, retiring wardens, offer them selves for re-election. They " trust that if their efforts to carry the board through a very trying time with safety and credit have been approved they may be honoured at the hands of the electors by being again chosen as wardens." TASMANIAN EXHIusTION. - In to- day's issue appears an advertisement notifying the arrangements for cheap excursion fares, and also giving a list of some of the most attractive exhibits at the Tasmanian International Exhibition, which will be open from 9030 a.m. until 5-30 p.m., and from 7"30 to 10.30 p.m. C]HrsSTsAs FAREs.-A serious error occurred in the advertisement published in yesterday's issue giving the fares and arrangements for the Christmas season. The first paragraph, "return tickets at single fares," reads " between Saturday, December 15, 1894, and Tuesday, January 15, 1895," etc. This should be January 1. This correction also refers to the seccnd paragraph re cheap season tickets. The dates of issue are December 22 to January 1, not 15. PUPILs' CONCERT.-In the Mechanics' Institute this evening Miss Frost's pupils will give a conceit, assisted by leading artists. A strong programme has been arranged, which should attract a good attendance. Tickets andprogrammes may be had from Messrs A. W. Birchall and Sons and A. W. Mayhead. ExcuasIoN TRAINs.-On the Fingal line to-day the ordinary time table will be suspended, and trains will leave Conara Junction for St. Mary's at 10 a.m. and 4.30 p.m., latter connecting with Main Line ex press from Launceston, and St. Mary's for Conara Junction at 1"10 p.m. and 3 35 p.m., connecting with the Main Line express to Hobart and the ordinary to Launceston respectively. To-morrow the morning train from St. Mary's will run through to Launceston as a cheap excursion, leaving St. Mary's at 7"30 a.m., Fingal at 8"19 a.m., and Avoca at 9 18 a.m. The train usually leaving Conara Junction at 4'30 p.m. will be detained until 7"10 p.m. CHRIsTMAs EXArINATIONS.-To prevent misconception and disappointment conduc tors of schools are informed that their annual prize lists will be published on specially favourable terms. No charge is made for ordinary " breaking-up " reports. MUTUAL PROVIDENT MEssENezn.-This interesting publication for December is to hand, and contains a great deal of reading matter in reference to insurance. Con vincing facts and figures are given. It also contains the following:-"A memorable figure in the history or this colony and this society has just passed away, and the removal of the name of the Right Hon. Sir Alfred Stephen . from the register of our members to the death register brings under notice one of our oldest policies. The bonus additions to this policy throughout remained undisturbed, and have frequently been adduced as a remarkable instance of the bonus producing power of our society. During his life time the member was ever pleased to allow the publication of the particulars of his A.M.P. Assurance policies, and his executors have now cour teously given us similar permission. The final figures as at the date of death on October 15 last were as follow :-Policy No. 48, effected on July 6, 1850.-Amount of original assurance, £500; bonus addi tions, £1520 18s; total claim, £2020 18s; total premiums paid during 441 years, £935 12s 3d. Policy No. 635, effected on February 28, 1856.--Amount of original assurance, £250; bonus additions, £476 14s ; tctal claim, £726 14s; total pre miums paid during 39 years, £521 6s. PHEENOLOG-.-ProfseBor De Blumenthal, the phrenologist, has returned to Laun ceston after a successful visit to the countty districts. As will be seen by an advertisement he may be consulted fr one week at his old quarters, Sutton's Coffee Palace, prior to opening his Exhibition season at Hobart. To give everyone an opportunity of getting his advice adults and children will only be charged a nomi nal fee for a chart of character and ability. Ass a considerable number of patrons are expected those intending to consult the professor should make an early visit. ABnT.--Mr W. Carl Burrows, photo grapher, Brisbane-street, has just finished a very fine specimen of portrait painting, which will be on view to-day at Messrs Church and Goodall's. It is the portrait of a young lady resident in Launceston, and is really an excellent work in every detail. MUsIcAL UNIoN.--Those who took"rt in the musical portion of the Congrega. tional Festival last week having felt great pleasure in joining in good choruses, when the whole of the four parte are well balanced, and having expressed a wish that "TheMessiah " should be given at Christ mas time, the manager of the Musi ,cal (Union, MIr J. Frost, has determined to resuscitated this old and useful society. Mr *rost will be the conductor, and the general wish has been, should a fair suc ceas be obtained, to produce the " Crea tion," "Elijah," and "Judas Maccabeus." A practice of "The Messiah" will take place to-nmorrow evening in ,the Mechanics' at ,745, and those who can render aid are invited. Books will be supplied. L.C. -an S.L Assocuteron FAI.s-A general meeting of the ladies' committee will take place at 4 p.m. to-morrow at Mr lenry Ritchie's officee, St. John-street. CRown LANDs AcT.-His Exeellencyjhe Oovernor-in-Council directs the publica tion of regulations under the provisions of the Crown Lands Act, IB90, to take effect from and after this date and to supersede the regunlations made by bis Eaellency the Governer dated February 18, 1884. The regulations are published in another, column. MOONLIGHT ExcunscoN.-The steamer Centennial, under oharter to the Tamar street Congregational Church Christian Endeavour Society, will run an excursion to-morrow evening, leaving the wharf at 7"30. LATnOBE. - The subject that comes readiest to the pen of " your own" is a grippe, which is somewhat prevalent here just now. It seizel me (writes our corres- pondent) about a week ago, and I at once became a profound pessimist. Never be- fore did this old world of ours strike me as being so disjointed. Never before could understand why men ask, " Is life worth living ?" I am glad to state, however, that the old world is recovering, and life is assuming a rosier hue. After all a very great deal depends on a man's perspective. There is an irtimate relation between one's health and one's belief. Pessimists are dyspeptics, or worse. And then the weather! One might write lengthily about it, but what earthly use would that be when we cannot alter it ? Matters are growing very serious fjr the farmers, however, on account of the prolonged drought. What affects the farming com- munity affects every other community; so it comes to pass that we are all crying out for rain. We have had four bad sea- sons in succession, and now the fifth threatens us. It will mean ruin to many, and incalculable harm to the country. Rain now would help the crops consider ably, although it is thought that it is impossible for them to recover properly. According to the predictions of the Queens land weather prophet, however, the cops are not to have the ghost of a show this year, for we are to have no rain until the new year. But there are some local metgorologists who rule that the Queens- land W(r)agge is out of it, for they predict a change of weather with the change of moon at 6 a.m. For the moon to change at that hour of the day is a certain sign of rain they say. Let us hope they will prove right, even through Mr Wragge's reputa- tion should suffer in consequence.-The steam merry-go-round has been with us, to the delight of the juvenile members of the community. Nor has the delight been con fined to the younger fry, young men and maidens, fathers and mothers, grandfathers and grandmothers (the giddy young things) have all been enjoying the luxury and novelty cf a ride. Age has been for gotten, even class has been forgotten, pro- fessions have been forgotten, and there has been such an intermingling of ages and classes and professions as is not usually seen. After all, at bottom, humanity has much in common. The concern was popularised by the proprietors giving two or three free rides. SHEFFIELD.-Our correspondent writes: -The annual Rechabite and Friendly Societies' picnic will be held on New Year's Day in Mr Husband's paddock; public meeting in the evening.-Mrs Perkins, an old resident in the district, died on Tues. day. She had a paralytic stroke some months ago, and had never properly recovered. She leaves a large family of sons and daughters, mostly grown up. -At the Wesleyan Church yesterday morning at 10 o'clock Miss Linda May Coleman, second daughter of Mr C. Cole man, was married to Mr William Wyllie, second son of Mr James Wyllie, of Barring 1 ton, by the Rev. J. W. Edwards. It was a very pretty wedding. Miss Jane Coleman was bridesmaid, and Mr Andrew Wyllie best man. LoNaFonD.-Our correspondent writes 1 on Wednesday :-At the police court this morning, before the Warden, John Goss (22) was brought up, and remanded till Tuesday, upon the charge of having stolen on or about August 6,1802, one pure bred Merino lamb, the property of Mr Charles Archer, of Formosa.-As I previously men tioned, four applications were received for the position of organist at Christ Church, vice Mrs G. H. Arthur resigned, and at a meeting of the churchwardens held yester day evening Miss Annear, of Westbury, was appointed, and will enter upon her duties forthwith.--I guess the comp. has given your readers a poser in to- day's Examiner with his "JUT." My remarks were that the treasury chest of the society named would be left " in what is termed in an abbreviated form as MT." ANNIVERSARY AT WARATAH.-The anni versary services of the Wesleyan Sunday school were held in the Athersmum Hall on Sunday last, and passed off most success fully. The Rev. J. E. T. Green preached in the morning, chiefly addressing the children and parents. In the afternoon the children met at the Sunday school and formed in a procession headed by the Bischoff Brass Band, marched to the ball, where the R1ev. Green conducted a special children's service, and distributed the re- wards for the past year. In the evening the Rev. Green again occupied the pulpit. The weather was beautifully fine, and the hall was crowded in the afternoon and evening. The singing of the children at each service was undoubtedly the feature of the anniversary, and together with the choir reflected the greatest credit on their conductor, Mr G. Parry. Miss A. Chap man ably officiated as organist. The collections amounted to £4 14s 4d. I'he secretary's report showed the strength of the school to consist of :nine male and eight female teachers, and 87 girls and 81 boys; total, 168 scholars, being an actual increase of 40 for the year. On Monday evening the annual Sunday school entertainment was held in the Athereum Hall. The hall was comfort- ably filled. The superintendent, Mr J. E. Stevens, occupied the chair, and delivered an appropriate address, and a carefully rendered programme was then gone through, in which the following ladies and gentlemen assisted :-Messrs Poole, Hill, Master Subrini, and Miss Coventry. The choir and the Bischoff Brass Band also took part. The usual votes of thanks brought a pleasant evening to a close. SOCIAL AT LATROBE.—At the Wesleyan Church a social was held on Monday night in connection with the Christian Endeavour Society. The attendance (writes a corres- pondent) was fairly good considering that the Steam Riding Gallery was in full swing just across the street. A very in- teresting programme was submitted. The music of the orchestra (three violins, flute, trombone, and organ), under the tuition of Mr Ready, our local saddler, was highly appreciated. Mr H. Webster's splendid rendering of the solo "The bridge" was a rare treat. Solos were also given in an exceedingly effective and pleasantmanner by Miss May Mitchell, Messre S. Marchant and A. Fletcher. Recitations showing care in preparation, with comprehension of their scope and subjed, were given by Misses 8. Hainsworth, O. Hart, and Mr W. Brown. Rev. T. Aldey also recited one of Carleton's delightful compositions, and gave a quaint reading entitled" Husband Training." An exceedingly humorous reading from Mark Twain was also given by Mr C. Ramsay. DERBY.— On Saturday night last (writes our correspondent) a concert and social was held in the Derby Town Hall, for the benefit of the Derby rifle contingent. There was a good attendance, and much praise is due to Mrs S. Banks, MIiss Kennely, Mrs Gee, and other ladies and gentlemen who so ably assisted in carrying out the pro- gramme. Mr J. H. Bryant was chairman and briefly returned thanks on behalf of the volunteers. The usual dancing and refreshments were then indulged in until five o'clock in the morning.-The weather here is very hot, and rain is much needed. -Our worthy Doctor Rockett has returned from his trip across the water, and it is sincerely to be hoped that there will be sufficient inducement for him to remain in our district. He has been of invaluable servic' in the past, and will be much missed if he leaves us. The doctor is also a genuine sportsman and first-class cricketer. SPERM WHALE HUNT AT TAYLOR'S BAY. — A Mercury correspondent writes to a friend in Hobart :-" We were all thrown into a state of excitement on Friday even ing last, November 30. Bob was at the beach (Taylor's Bay), and saw a large sperm whale come ashore. He soon brought the news home, and we all proceeded to the beach, and sure enough there he wae, a 10-tunner, in about 10ft or 12ft of water, but unfortunately we had no iron or lance, and only one charge of powder, and no means of getting anything, and it was blowing hard from the N.W., and rather a rough sea. We launched the punt, and Bob and Hemsley tackled him, and got a rope over his tail, but unfortunately the tide began to flow, and after shooting him and playing with him for about an hour, he managed to wriggle himself afloat again, but he did not leave the locality till dark. You can imagine the feeling at seeing such a prize within one's grasp, and then to lose it. I think Bob and Hemsley would have got on his back if they had any weapon. In fact, Hemsley got hold of his tail. So much for our whaling adventure." THE annual meeting of the Northern Tas manian Poultry and Dog Society will be held at the Mechanics' Institute to-morrow evening at eight o'clock. THE annual Installation meeting of St. John's Lodge, No. 2, T.O., will be hold at the Ma1onic Ha!l at 7'30 p.m. to-day. M1essas A. W. Birchall and Sons notify that they have received large shipments ex R.M.S. Doric of lawn tennis racquets and crioketing goods. 