METHODIST UNION. mrMONSTBATION IN THE GEN I The Methodists of Sydney and Suburbs I 1 Ida united demonstration in the Oen S teenary Hall, York-street, on Monday night 9 1^, under the auspices of the joint com j Htee on Methodist Union. There was a la attendance. Mr. J. Cook M. P. (Post 1 Later-General), presided, and wds sup 1 rjorted on the platform by the Rev W. H. I L-i^t-. tt A. f Melbourne'), Dr. Brown, I the Bevs. Bainsford Bavin, M. Maddern I 8nd W. 'W. Butledge (Wesleyan), G. B. j Black (United Methodist Free Church), E. I jjasternian, G. James, J. Green (Primitive Methodist), Mr. J. L. Fegan, M. P. and Mr 'W. Bobson. The Bev. W. W. Eutledge (Secretary to the joint committee) read a telegram from Chief Justice Way (South Australia):— I 'Minor Methodist union committees meet here Thursday separately and jointly. They express willingness to unite on general con I ference basis. Glad other colonies moving I 81l0ie direction. Wish you successful meet ing.' (Applause.) 3 The chairman expressed the pleasure it I gave him to preside, and intimated that he I was thoroughly in accord with the object of I the meeting. I The Bev. Dr. Brown moved— 'That this 1 meeting, composed of representatives of the I various sections of Methodism in this colony | expresses its hearty sympathy with the pro j posed organic union of the different sec tions of the Methodist Church in Australia.1 I The Rev. G. James seconded the resolu | tion. I The Bev. W. H. Fitchett, who was re I ceived with applause, supported the reso I lution, and expressed himself as thoroughly I in accord with it. Methodists were the I spiritual heirs of the great movement of the I 18th century, which constituted the most | purely spiritual, the most influential re I liglous movement in English history. Mod I em religious history dated from the time of I Ifeley. (Applause.) Whatever the fu ! tare, Methodism hud a grand, a heroic past. Methodism in all its forms was the most jn teusely evangelical and spiritual factor snd force in the Protestantism of the world. They, had however been more fruitful, and more prolific in divisions than any other branch of the ProteBtant Church in the Wnvld Within one brief centurv of Wes 1 ley's death there had been four great div g Eions. Not one of them represented a I principle, a doctrine, a truth; every divi I Bion represented some temporary bank I raptcy in common sense on one side or I the other ; he did not say on which side. I How much had the divisioa cost them ? i In mere money they had lost considerably. i They had built two churches and main i tained two ministers where only one should I exist. Their pockets had been bled by div 1 ision, and in the long run their pockets | would be blest by union. The temper of I this world was eminently unfriendly to I ecclesiastical quarrels. The world suspect 1 ed a Christianity that could not keep peace 1 at its own fireside. They could not in I fluence public opinion. They could not I take the place they might in shaping the I history of these colonies, because they were I divided. Their divisions had cost them — I and he took in all Methodism — the I spiritual primacy and spiritual leadership I the religion of the country. (Applause) | The reasons which caused the divisions of I which he had spoken no longer existed, and I why, in God's name, should they not make I it the Church Wesley would, the church ? Wesley left it, what, if he came back I amongst them, he would make it again, I and what the Great Master would assuredly I have it to be. (Loud applause.) In God's I name, why should they not bury the dead 1 P&Bt;, bury these ghosts and join hands to | gether? It.was because of a little lack of I common sense, a little lack in religion. I Divided their influence was small; put all I Methodists together and they would make I a grand church 450,000 strong, and every 10th. man Woman and child in Australasia .^ould be Methodists, a Church that would have some right to speak on public matters *tay would be able to plot big things, and to carry out great enterprises. He could n°t understand how nny man could wish to continue the divisions which weakened them. The pulse of the world? politically, beat in favour of union. That had given them a united Germany, a united Italy, a united Canada, and was going to give them a united Australia. (Applause.) That same impulse, noble, wise and heroic, that gathered the fragments of nations together, and made them a whole should it not gather the fragments of the Church to gether and make it a whole ? He in stanced the unity of the great Presbyterian Church in these new lands, and asked if posoible with tho Presbyterians, was it not possible with the Methodists. Queensland and South Australia had accepted the con ditions. What was New South Wales, the mother colony going to do in the matter ? She was taking the lead in federation, would she not also take the lead in Method ist Union ? It was in the hands of the lay men of New South Wales — the ministers had agreed— that the matter lay. Let them say it shonld be done. There were difficul ties in the way, but a little courage would overcome them. ' With this thing comes the future of our Church, and, by God's help, we will hand down to our children a better Methodism than our fathers gave us.' (Loud applause.) Mr. W. Robson moved, the Rev. G, B. Black seconded, and it was decided amid enthusiastic applause : — ' That we approve of the proposal to form a federal council in New Soutli Wales, comprised of represen tatives duly appointed by eacn section or Methodism, Buch council to have generally the functions defined as follows : — (1) To arrange for interchanges of pulpits between the ministers and local preachers of the different sections ; (2) to arrange for con ventions and public meetings with the ob ject of bringing the subject of organic union more prominently before our people ; (3) to try and prevent the unnecessary multipli cation ot the Methodist'churches in spaiesly populated districts ; (4) to ioster the spirit of union by social and fraternal inter course. On the motion of Mr. Fegan, M.P., secon ded by the Bev. R. Bavin, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the Bev. W. H. Fitchett for his able address, and a similar compliment was paid to Mr- Cook for pre siding. 