SOME -STRANGE STORIES. (Miss Alice Quarry, in tho ' Argosy.') Those of us who stumble at bolief in the supernatural, may find it easier to discuss mysteries when the term super-material is used. Those who are not ashamed to acknowledge that in cxnlicablo thinss do hapnen. can claim fellowship with a goodly host. The writor of this paper will relate nothing herein that is not true and absolutely worthy of trust, within personal ex perience, or that of well-known and excellent friends. A clever divine was, for many years; rector of a country parish, and built, for his' own convenience, a handsome parsonage, fitting up therein a library, u.ifl, ,r 1 if n»-n ri. Invnn nnll rich in comfortable appliances. Here he, for the most part, lived for a long period, and within tlioso four delight ful walls were written the books and pamphlets which eventually raised him to tho dignity of a bishop. A now and more stately house became his happy home again, while the parish ho had vacated fell into the hands of : another. Some years passed. The new vicar of the country parish was one day writing his sermon within the closed doors of tho bishop's old library, now more modestly called 'the study.' He was disturbed by hearing a hoarse, distressed. voice exclaiming, 'Mary! Mary !' The speaker seemed at his elbow, yet the room had 110 second oc cupant ; nnd the doublo doors shut off extraneous noises. As he looked about in surprise, the call for ' Mary ! Mary !' came more urgently still. Ho rose nnd went to the window. The sun wns shining. All was quiet without. No one was in sight. He resuiped his work. It did not progress, however. Ho 'had hardly taken up his nnn mlmn lin lnlr) tfc rlnwri T)ritV drip, drip, as of some liquid slowly flowing, disturbed him now. 'Rain dropping off the eave*, and I thought it had been fine all the morning !' ho muttered, again coming to the window. His impression had been correct. The day was glorious, and he could not discover whence or where the dropping came from. Yet he distinctly 'heard this drip, drip, drip. A little later he learned that, at this same hour, on this very day, his predecessor had com mitted suicide, under the stress of some sudden brain -pressure ; that ho had hoarsely called his wife, Mary, and that she, alas ! had not come to his as sistance until tho life-blood had drip dripped away. This most strange oc currence was related direct to the nar rator by the person to whom it oc curred. There is a lonely, lovely, dark shadowed lake in Ireland called Lou'h Derrr, famous alike for good fishing and sudden squalls.' My friend went to spend a fortnight with an aunt, whose house wns near; the water. Her rec tor lived on the opposite shore. They were all at lunch one wild October day, when the lady, looking up from her plate, suddenly exclaimed : ' Why, there are the C boys coming up the drive ! what a day for them to venture across the lake J.and-we have eaten up cvtrything !' She left the table, aud went to the kitchen to order tho hasty preparation of some fresh dish for the coming guests. Her daughter and nephew crossed the room, stood at the window, watching tho young men ap proaching, and commenting upon the liabit the elder youth had of swinging his arm as ho walked. My friend then went and opened tho hall doop. to ad mit these frequent guests, tliat there might be no delay in their entrance on such a blustering day, tho 'servants being occupied by their mistress, who at this moment, came forward from the back of the house. ' Not here ! Oh, I know their tricks ! They aro hiding round the corner just to make us hunt and feel foolish. They are a pair of scamps 1' But they were not round the corner, nor visible any longer in any direction. The home party had finally to conclude that their young friends had changed their minds, and given up the purposed visit for somo other expedition. However, L in a couple of hours, they were horrified to hear of a terrible boat accident.. The rector's sons had been rowing- them selves across tho lake, intending to lunch with their friends, when a sudden squall overturned their boat, and both were drowned. There is an old town, in Ireland still surrounded with walls. Ic is noted as tho centre of a rebellious district. It was also in ancient days* 11 favorite spot for concealing smuggled goods, being intersected with secret passages and underground rooms. Ruined castles and modern abbeys, monas teries and convents abound. It is per haps as well to make this statement; although it has, so far as we, the load ing actors in tho matter, aro aware, nothing to do with the; story. Ono of Olir hnmn nni-tv wnc nrflninarl im/1 l,n. came the curate of a- rich and kind old rector here. A local banker formerly had this house, but was shot dead 011 liis own doorstep iii the midst of n. Fenian outbreak. Having been nearly a month in residence, the curate called one day at the police station to ask that somo patrolling should bo done outsidehis dwelling, as'ruuaway knocks annoyed the servant at night. 'AH right, sir,tI'H look after them boys,' was the cheerful response. Meeting the constables a few- days later, how ever, the curate reproached them. ' I really wish you would come our way sometimes at night,' I10 said. ' We are quite tormented.- The annoyance goes on up to near . midnight.' The ?sergeant stared. ' Why, sir,' he said, '.'my 111011 have been about every even ing since, and have seen. 110 0110. To night I will put one of them indoors, if you like. With two outside we are I surt to catch them.' , They did not, howover, although the knocking was kept up vigorously. TI10 knocking soon changed its venue, as well as its ' character. Four bedrooms opened off | a small lunding. Some frightened j person seemed to be within one or j another of tho rooms ; usually within j one occupied by the curate's sister and the young domestic, -who refused to re- ' main under present -circumstances if compelled to sleep alone. The knock ing began now on tho door with a tone 11s of one anxious to get out. The ur gency and sound of tho entreating knocks increased until the noise seemed created by an iron hammer vigorously used. On opening tho door no cause could over bo discovered. Fifteen persons wore assembled one night endeavoring to' catch tho ghost by systematic search, but all in vain. This disturban?n would go on until 2 and three o'clock on some occasions. Soft footsteps wero also heard patter ing lip and down the short, steep stairs, down which also tumbled nt intervals cart-loads as of invisible coal or stones. one night in pallid terror, declining ever again to seek to unearth unearthly enemies. Tlirough it all tho young curate and his sister endeavoured to keep a brave heart, even going so far as toehold a service within the walls to exorcise the spirits, if spirits they were. He wroto to his predecessor in office, and learned from him that the house had been so uncanny that it was quite too much for him and his wife. They had left tho place ns soon ns possible. While this went on the old rector came down one day on a tour of in spection, certain that he could track the ghost. Ho could not, but advised the curate to make his sister change her bedroom ; as within her present apartment ho hud visited a former tenant dying 11 very terriblo death. xnis auvice was laKen, una unnouuteuiy when this particular chamber was va cated, the disturbance abated, although tho house was never as other houses. 