PROVING HIS THEORIES By Bohemian. Wanted—Valet; must have good refer ences. Apply A. D. Goodman, King's lload, Chelsea. Suoh was the advertisement whioh ap peared in several of the London dsilieB. At 10 o’clock the same morning, a short, tliick-eot man, with an oxlromoly red nose rhowing that he had been a high liv.r in the servants’ hall, knocked at the door of the house on King’s Ilo d. A neatly attired servant girl, witn a muBlin oap perched on her pretty ieatures, appeared on the threshold. “ Is Mr Goodman in ?” asked the caller. “ He is,” responded the girl, with several ,critical glances at the man who stood before tier. I I should like to s;e him on business.’ " Step in.” Tho visitor wos ushered into a bright front room. " What name shall I say ?’’ “ Mr Smiler,” Tho girl disappeared. Then the man began to examine the apartment in a leiBurely mannor. Several handsome paintings and quite a oollection of rare orio-a-brac boro ample testimony to the artiBtio propeneities of the master of the Q0UB8. ‘•Some swall, evidently,” murmured die man with toe red laoe. The girl reappeared. “ Master wants to know what’s your business.” “ I called in reference to advtrliao ment tor a valet.” “ Oh 1” S10 tossed her head and again vanishad. About five minutes elapseu and then tbs girl uatcrea ths room. “ You can wait here," elie Baid. “ Master isn’t up yet.” For forty minutes ths v.sitor was left to hia reflections. “Must be some bloomrag sport,” hb commented. Timn tho door opened ana a tall, pale gcnlluman entered Uie room m a lmguid fashion, picked up the morning piper and oarslts-ly scanned the comsnis, aa thongh odivions to the presence of ths visitor. He read the telagraphic nows and thau tha local Too servant brought iu a tray upon which reposed breakfaB', bacon, eggs, a cap of coffee and rolls. Tbc gentleman put up bis nose and said— “Jano, take away thosu aisbas. Leave .he coffee.” Ttio servant silently obeyed. “He appetite isn’t gooj to-day,” com mented the caller. Tua genllam in sipped the coffee with apparent relish, read again the cable arncli from Paris and finally lighted a cigar. Ail this time the visitor remained standing respectfully. At last he ventured to cough, and tae gentleman, taming to him, remarked— “Aw—you called about tha ad vert is;. “ Wnsre are your roferancas?'' II Hera, Bir,’, and ha took from his pocket a bulky packago, “ Well, I Qou’t care to E«e them.” “I solved last tne duke of—” “ What the Jovil do I care whom you served ? Will you accept a guinea a weak and expenses ? ’ “ Ycb, sir.” “ Very well, we leave to-Dight for Paris. See that everything is ready.” With that the gentleman took op his n»t and cane and strolltd out of the house in a leisurely, half-bored way. “ Ho is a rum un,” commented the visitor. Two days later tha gentlsmsn and hie servants wera quartered in Paris. The former has rented a magnificently fur nished house in a fashionable part of the city. Try as bo would, Smiler could loam tiUe of his new master. He came and went. Ho usually arrived home about 2 in the morning and sometimes Smiler had to put him to bed. He got up anvwhero betwoen 10 o’clook and noon. Sometimes he breakfasted heartily ; at other times he merely sipped his coffee. Smiler was commissioned to buy tickets for every fashionable event, from ihe opera to the races, and b# always came and departed iu a private onriiigo, quite an elegant •quipaie A beat this lime tha Parisian newspapers were agitating tho matter of tin remarkablo tests in spiritualism given boforo tha eminent gentlemen by a peas ant woman in Milan. The psychologic .1 society was in sesbion in the French capi tal and the comments on the feats per formed in Italy were made more interest ing by the presence of a renowned Englhm mind reader. This gentleman showed great aptitede in ferreting ont criminals, and his accuracy in this reBpect made him fearad by tha wrong doors. Mr Smiler read of these wonders, but being of a sceptical disposition pooh-hoohad tham. One morning when the gentleman was sipping ibis coffee, into which he had plaoed a lew drops of cognac, ho looked op from his paper and said to Smiler— “ Markham, the mind reader, has rnn down another criminal, Smiler. What do yon think of that f” “If I might venture an opinion, Bir, I should say that it was all bosh.” “ All bosh, eh ? May I ask why P” “ Well, sir, it stands to reason, sir, that no man can read what is goiDg on in an other man’s mind. It is against nalora, and what’s against natnro ern’t be done, sir. My idea is, sir, that this maD, this fnud, I will call him, sir, is in collusion vi ith these fellows and pays’em. That’s my impreasion, sir. Easiest thing to ham bug tbeso French savants, sir. A oriminal, air, can’t be detected except by detec tives, and they make an awfol botch of “So yon don’t believe in it?” The gentleman was now drinking his second oap of coffee. ” Tnat 1 don’t, sir.” “ Well, now, suppose that I give you a little practical demonstration.” Smiler et*i ted. “ Yon, sir ?” “Yes, I’ve studied a liltle in that lint as an amateur. Suppose, for example 1 were to read your mind, Smiler?” “ You couldn’t do it, sir.” “I should say you wore a faithful, honest fellow, who always served his matter’s interests. 8miler gave a depracating gestoro. “ It wouldn’t take no mind reader to tell that, sir.” “ But wouldn’t it take a mind reader to tell, Smiler, what you’ve got in your pockelbook ?” Smiler turned palo. “ As an amateur, Smiler, mind I don’t pretend to be accurate ; I should say that if anyone should look in that pocketbook he would find my ruby scarf-pin and my emerald and diamond riDg.” Smiler nearly went into a fit “Of courea I have so many rings end pins that unless I was a mind-reader I would never have misBod these. And, let me soo, Smiler, in yonr trunk you have three pairs of my trousers. Those woulo not be easily missed, either. Also shorn fifty neokties and oollsrs and cuffs in numerable.” By this time Smiler was as pale as a ghost. “ If I were to read your mind a little further as an amateur I would toll you that on the 20th day of September you went to a pawnshop on the Rne di Rivd and there disposed of two seal rings aw a watch, for which you received 500 frahos. They cheated yen, Smiler. Yoi. should have got double that amount. From there yon went to a bank, like th thrifty, honast, frngtl fellow that yon are and opened np an account. On the 23 r. of September with commendable induttrj you added to your little horde by dispos ing c£ my gold-mounted stick, the on' presented mo by the Baron Rothsobil' You oarefuily obliterated the names. 1 commend your oaution. Four days aftei • ward yon sold, or rather pawned, sundry ai tides in fonr different places which I won’t l»kv (1)9 ti«9 (9 qawerMe, In »11 , ou have 1,500 francs in the bank and 20 r*nc3 in yonr pouketbook, together with other aiticles ot mine which yon wore , bout to get rid of this morning. You . avo be6n quite tbrifcy, and iDS'de ot a uonth it was yonr inten'ion to draw out jonr money and emigrate to America) where yon are desirous of setting up in trade. Tuts has been your dream, Smiler, .he life of a prosperous and honest trades man. Am I right, Smilor ?_ If I have made any mistake attribute it to the fact that I am bat an amateur." But Smiler was speoohlesB. “ To continuo, or rathor to go back into the past, I read that yon robbed all yom masters belore mo, only they were not mind readers in an amatenr way and at tributed the loss of different things to natural shrinkage. Whtn you firdt en vered my apartments in King’s Road your thoughts were regarding my worldly pos dessionB. You saw much that made you jure I was a man of moans. After I en tered the room I waB seemingly busy reading the newspaper. Really, Smiler, I was reading yon. I did not want to see yonr references. They wero supeiflcoue. The man hunself stood before me. There wtB the reference. I determined to make a little study of you. You interested me at once, tor 1 recognised in yon a thief of maDy years’ training, a thief who had pil fered lor all his life and never been de tected. Here, 1 thought, i6 a subjeot worthy of my attention, here is a case which will edify and amnBe me. So I look you to my bceom, Smiler, and employed yon on the spot. As yon stood tuere waiting for me to address y on the thoughts that flished through your mind were: ‘I oan easily get away with one of those Dresden-ware vases. He bas so many of them that he will never rnisB it. Then he rnuBt bs a careless sort of a swell, one of chose spendthrifts. Hs will come borne inebriated every night. If a pin, a ring, a watch or some other article disappears he will think he lost it somewhere the uight before. Here’s a swoll that pays no mention to bia personal effsets. All he thinks of iB having a j illy good time.’ Am I right, Smiler V But Smiler never relapsed from his col lapsod condition. “ You began to pilfor when you pur chased the tickets to Franco. Yjq made ten snilliDgs ou the tickets. You put abide for yourself five shillings lrom the p&rchasts; from the bookmaker. Dj not deny it, for it ie written indelibly on yonr mind. 1 took to you light away. ‘ Here is a precious ra6ci),’ 1 thought. 1 Here's a eorvant worth having.’ You will remem ber that I commended you for yonr faith fulutss. And now, Smiler, do you beliet e in mmd-rtading ? By the way, where a:e tboso pawn tickets, and kindly hand me yonr bank-book.” Siniler obeyed without a word, •‘And now it wouldn’t take a mind reader to tell what is going to happen.” Tne languid gentleman went to the door and ushered in two officers. Smiler fell upon his knees. ‘•Mercy, meroy,''h8Baid. “You corroborate all I havo said,” re marked the gentleman, with mild interest “ Yes, yes, 1 confess. Don’t put me in gaol.’’ “ I am sorry, Smiler, bat I have finished with my subject. 1 will now turn him over to the law. Officers, do yonr duty." 11 Very well, Mr Markham,” repliod one of the officers. •‘ Markham ?” groaned Smiler. '• '1 he same,” replied the languid gentle *• The great English mind-reider ?” ‘ I am he. 1 advertissd not for a vale‘, but for a tubjjct. I wanted to prove some of my theories to the society of savants hero. Y m Lave provad a very good subject. I snail write ont the results of my investigations to-night, and then if you care to have the law deal leniently with yon, you will sign it. I will then read the papor before tho society. My enemies will have to concode that my work is incomparable, By tho way, Smiler, havo I converted yon to a b ;lief in mind-reading t" “You have, sir,”groaned Smiler. “ And now, officers, take lnm awjy, as 1 have a little worn to co.” With that the languid gentleman turned aud entered his stnuy. 8mbrstraiguieued.himsclf up dismally. *• Well, I’m blows*!,” be sriu. 