VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. VAST DAYS. ' Friday, 14th, and Saturday, 15th inst, will be days of fast and abstinence. SYNOD. The annual diocesan synod was held in the Cathedral on Tuesday. The Archbishop presided orer an assemblage including all of the priests, secular and regular, of the diocese, with the exception of a few who were detained by urgent parochial duties. The Mass of the Holy Ghost was celebrated by the Yery Rev. M. Carey, after which the laity retired from the buildiog, and the business of the synod then proceeded. THX LEAGUE OF THE CBOSS. An important meeting of the combined councils of the Total Abstinence League of the Cross was held in St. Patrick's •schoolroom on Sunday last to complete the arrangements for the annual excursion on Boxing Day. The Archbishop presided, and there was a large attendance of members from the suburban branches. The general secretary (Mr. P. F. Kavanagh) read a report from' the committee selected from the delegates which showed that the Mentone Cricket Ground and Skating Rink had been engaged for the day, and as the rink is capable of accommodating at least 200 couples, its use will be greatly apprepiated by those fond of dancing. Two bands have been engaged. An interestiLg programme of erents has been prepared, and everything possible has been done to provide for the amusement and comfort of the visitors. The report was unanimously adopted, and the committee was further strengthened by the addition of more members. HEALTH OF THE VERY BEV. J. L. HEGABTY. The many friends of the Very Rev. J. L. Hegarty, of St. Kilda, will be pleased to learn that he is rapidly recovering from a rather severe attack of influenza by which he was prostrated last week. The rev. gentleman is now almost completely convalescent, and will be able to fully resume his duties in a very few days. LITTLE 8I8TEB8 OF THE FOOB. Two of the Little Sisters of the Poor iue at present travelling through the archdiocese soliciting Bttpport for the Home for Destitute Poor under their management at Northcote. The Little 8isters have had much difficulty during the past winter in supporting their aged and infirm charges, and earnestly hope that their friends throughout the archdiocese will not forget them during the approaching festive season. CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETY. The half-yearly report of the Catholic Young Men's 8ociety Benevolent Committee fias been issued. The committee includes members who have grown almost grey in the service, and whose example younger men may safely follow. No work of charity is foreign to the committee, but its chief work is the visitation of the various charitable institutions and the relief of those deserving of help, particularly'such as are unexpectedly afflicted by sickness, or. loss of employment, or • from any other cause are temporarily deprived of the means of earning their support. The committee makes no distinction whatever as to class, creed, or country in the distribution of relief; that applicants are poor, deserving, andin need-of assistance is sufficient. A ' concert in connection with the North Melbourne biiaiich of the C.T.M. Society was held in St Mary's Hall on Friday, 30th November; Mr. J. Keating in, the chair. The hall was gaily decorated wijhflag?, and was comfortably filled. The concert was a complete sucoeps, financially and musically, and reflected, credit on the secretary, Mr. Jas. Nangle, and all who took part in it. Mrs. £enny, and Misses M'Mahon, Murphy, and Toohey excelled in a round of ,songs, and Miss Maggie Duggan's recitation, " The Legend Beautiful," was loudly applauded. Messrs. E. B. Daly, Gay, M'Glone, Corcoran, and Moloney also contributed to the evening's entertainment in a very acceptable manner. Mr. Dawson played the accompaniments to the satisfaction of everyone. •'• •••'' ' ST. BBIGID'S, FITZBOY. renewal of the Vincentian mission was commenced in St. Brigid's, North Fitrroy, on Sunday, ' the Rev. Ft. Maher, C.M., and the Rev. Fr. Malone, C.M., conducting the services. In the evening Fr. Maher, speaking of science and Christianity, referred tothe scientific problems which had remained unsolved up to the present day, and said that men sometimes asked why it was that Christ, if He came into the world to do good, did not benefit mankind bv making clear those difficulties which had puzzled the world for thousands of years, and an explanation of which would do' away with much human pain and misery? Epidemic diseases had been experienced before the coming of Christ, and up to ur own time no explanation of their ature, or cure for them, had been ound. At the present day the most rofound inquiry was fruitless of knowsdge concerning the exact cause and ature of cholera and small-pox, and the ost scientific men were almost poweress before these foes of humanity. Christ ould have given an effective remedy for uch .terrible disorders, but He was ilent concerning them and many other emporal ills to which man was heir. he reason was that Christ and Chrisianity had but one mission—the urging f the " one thing necessary " upon men, hich was the securing of happiness nd unbounded knowledge in the life to ome. The church was crowded both at orning and evening services, and hrough the week the Fathers have epeatedly expressed their gratification t the large number participating in he renewal. On Monday evening a houghtful sermon on the evil of sin as given by Fr. Malone. Confessions re heard after the devotions morning nd evening. The renewal will conclude n the 16th inst. st. haby's, west melboubnb. Steady work is being done at St. Mary's new Church, West Melbourne. The building is now so far advanced that a fair idea may be obtained of its magnificent proportions and exquisite decorations when completed. The marble pillars of the sanctuary and the slender red granite shafts of the aisles are much admired by all competent judges who visit the building. Some considerable time must vet elapse before the church can be completed; but in the meantime it,must be gratifying to Fr. Aylward that the generosity of his people has enabled him to keep the going continuously. ss. psteb and Paul's chubch, south MELBOURNE. On Sunday, 16th inst., the ceremony of unveiling a picture of Our Lady of Perpetual Succour will take place at the 11 o clock Mass at SS. Peter and Paul's Church, South Melbourne. The painting is the work of one of the leading artists of Italy, and is a beautiful copy of the celebrated miraculous picture. It was blessed for this church by the Holy Father, and has several spdbial indulgences attached to its veneration "by the faithful. Amongst these may be mentioned a plenary indulgence to all who visit the church on the day of unveiling and on the anniversary (usual conditions), a plenary indulgence; cm the Feast of St. John the Baptist, or the Sunday within the Octave, and 300_days for each visit to the church on ordinary days. A special sermon will be preached on the occasion of the unveiling by dnie of the Redemptorist Fathers. KALVEEN. The Vincentian Church, Malvern, wis visited oh Sunday by the Archbishop, who admimstered Confirmation after the eleven o'clock Mass to overforty boys and girls, most of whom were the pupils of 81. Joseph's School, the remainder being from: private schools in,; the parish. The care exercised by, the lay teachers and the Yincentian Fathers the preparation oiE the children Was.'shown by the inteUigent jretties giVen in almost every instance ! to' 'bi' Grace's questions during the searching examination which he made befow (administering the , sacrament. . Afcjjthe close , of the , ceremony the Archbishop expressed himself as being.yery pleased at the efficiency' ihpjrk by. the children. Benediction of 1 the'BleBs^d Sacrament was given by his OraW,attended by Frs. M'Enroe, C.M., and J. Hegarty, C.M. Fr. Hegarty is a new arrival in Victoria, having succeeded Fr. S. Hegarty, who departed for Sydney last week. The musical service during Mass was given by a SPleoted choir of ladies. The offertoW Gounod's Ave. Maria, and. during Con*- firmation the Pent Crcator w«w sung. j „• « h h « •. i .„•••; ••" ' (From our own Correspondent.) ' The monthly meeting of fit; Vinodrit de Paul's Societyvnwjlbeld on afternoon 5 Mrs, ,Tully Wi*he '"Hearing .ladies being dso,, nreient mham, Brogan, De Gruchy, Murphy, Kerley, Davy, Moloney, Syiin, Gonigal, M'Shane, Miss Mathews, Miss Hogan, and Miss Mansfield. Owing to the absence of the secretary (Mrs, Elsdon) through illness, Miss Hogan consented to act pro ten. The Archdeacon visited the meeting, and handed in a cheque for £10. The monthly accounts of the ladies in charge of the districts were passed for payment. Several hew cases were brought forward, and relief ordered to be given. It was decided that all donations of money given in honour of the Christmas festival be expended in procuring olothing, boots, etc., for those n need of such things. Visitors to the hospital were appointed, and the meeting closed. The Confraternity for Men in Geeloiig ontains now over 700 members. 