THE WIPE WORLD, In Africa there are still many unexplored tracts, notably in and around the Horn of the Dark Continent ; and a young American, Dr Donaldson Smith, now proposes to take the hall by the horns, and see what can he done by. the employment of this summary method of solving geographical problems. He aims at treading virgin ground. A year or two ago Mr F. Is. James published a book on The Unknown Horn of Africa, bring an account of an ex ploring expedition from Berbers to the Leopard River. But his explorations were confined to the oountry of the Somalia, whereas Dr. Donaldson Smith now »im« at penetrating farther inland into the region of the Gsllas, which has hitherto remained a terra incognita -like to the hunter and to the scientific researcher. Dr Smith is a charming speci men of the heat type of America, and, in deed, it is difficult to believe that he is not an i y.-gUahmnn He is quite as rich in manners as he is in money, and altogether takes with tiii" to Africa a very fascinating personality - He is going out entirely on his own account and at his own expense. I A correspondent of the 44 Birmingham Mail" hems of a lady . residing in one of the suburbs whose husband, when he is under the- jnflnenoa of drink, mouses- himself -hy' +br-«hiing and otherwise knocking ber abont. She was long- suffering, out even the patience of a woman has its limits. Aooord- ingly she hit upon a somewhat novel plan o retaliating, which ahe put into force fin the first opportunity. One evening her husband returned home the worse for drink, and after having satisfied his brutality by hanging his wife about the apartment, sat down in his easy chair. The lady no sooner observed that he was fast asleep than she secured a stout cord, with which she fastened her somnolent lord to his seat. Then with a substantial walking-stick riie commenced operations by several severe blows on his back. The pain caused him to wake, and finding that he was a prisoner he commenced to address his wife in words which were tbe reverse of affectionate. She in return told him that she was going to give him his quid pro quo, and at once carried her threat into action, belaboring her unhappy, hut now nearly sobered, husband until he howled again. He ultimately managed to up set the chair on the top of him self, and so secured a release from any further demonstration of the energy and anger of his sponse. She left him there for some time ; in fact, it was not until he had promised to treat her better in future that she consented to liberate him. The initial chas tisement had the desired effect, and not only has the man given np beating his wife, hut he has also shown an inclination to become more moderate in bis drinking habits. The closing portion of Emile Henry's' address to tbe Paris jury was as follows : — 44 We deal out death, and we shall know how to meet it. It is, therefore, with indifference I await your verdict. I know my head is not the last yon will cat off : others will fall, for the starving are beginning to learn the way to your great cafes and to your Grand Ter minus and Foyot Res taurants. You will add other names to tbe sanguinary list of our dead. You have hanged ns at Chicago, de capitated ns in Germany, garrotted ns at Xeree, shot us at B&roeloiia;, guillotined ns at Monfbrisoa anffat Paris : but what you can never "So nTto -deetrnyAnarnniffm . Ha roots are too deep. It is bom in a rotton society which is falling to pieoee. It is a vio lent reaction against the established order of tilings. It represents aspirations towards equality and liberty which are storming eviari-g authority. It is everywhere and impalpable. It will end by killing you. MVymanra les Jures, that is what I had to say to you. You will now hear my counsel. Your laws impose a counsel on every pri soner ; my family has chosen M. Hombostel. Whatever he may Bay must in no way alter what I have said. My declarations are the exact expression of my thought ; I hold to them without modification." Aa is well known, several Swiss cantons, after agreeing to the abolition of the death penalty, have returned to the customs of their forefathers. Schwyz is one of these, and is yet concerned as to what to do with a scoundrel who murdered his daughter in cold blood. The assize judges ordered him to the guillotine, hut they reckoned without the local society for the abolition of capital punishmenut. Its ingenious directors, bur rowing in old records, found that according to law condemned criminals most expiate their crime by being beheaded with the sword, and insisted on this medieval mode of carrying out the death penalty being adopted. The difficulty is '.that the gaol authorities cannot get any Switzer to play M. Deibler with a two-handed sword, and the criminal bids fair to live as long as a condamnee in the United States. But surely the executive might apply to Copenhagen for the loan of an expert — for does not execution by sword etyrvive in Den mark? — or is it that the anthoriticB like the Poor Law Guardians in certain anti-vnecina- tionist towns at home consider that they best consult public opinion by persisting in a non possumns i A cynic would say that it to curious to find Switzerland producing murderers and no men with nerve and public spirit enough to be their executioners. The new Vrilvar- wedding "stamps issued by the Japanse Post Uffice' to com memorate the twenty- fifth anniversary of the marriage of the 'Emperor Mntsu Hrnto with Harnko, daughter of lahijo Tapaka, a noble of the first rank, appear to have caused much excitement among local philatelists. Boys commissioned to purchase samples, thronged on the day of issue at the Post office windows and more than two thousand light blue five-sen (a "sen" is a trifle under a half penny) and rose-pink two -sen stamps — 7 the only varieties issued— were eold at the Kobe Postoffiae in less than two hours. They are of the same form and size — II inch long by 1 inch wide. The design on both is also the same. The centre -of the design is a white orysanthetnnm in a circular shield, around which is the inscription, "Celebration Ceremony of the Groat Wedding's twenty-fifth year,'' whilfi in the lower part of the central aeroll are the words in Ebglish " Imperial Wedding, 25 Anniversary." On either side the cental -eirdle is supported by a mane rising out of en elaborate scroll- The top of the stamp hears the legend "in Japanese, V Dal .Nikoa toikoku yohin ' (Great ' Japanese Post), while fhe iower pari" -contains the' words in Jtogliah 44 Imperial -Japanese Post.41 A correspondent ihTndia writes to nLnn' don pa;—TheTenjmBnyGermm trader in Bombay, and home French end Belgian. Between » little mixed knot of these stranger: ubtonistB I heard » raflway carriage dis- :: .. v.-."..'' mission about the British House of Lords, and was greatly struck by the iaformstion which a German imparted to a Frenchmen. The German said that the Lords were mostly Irish, and that they enconraged the people to revolt ! The Irish, he added, made all the trouble for Angland, and, as nearly all her soldiers and policemen are Irish, England is in a 4 perilous 1 state. The Frenchman said he had heard that Sir Gladstones was really an Irishman, although brought up and living in a Scotch town ! It is wonderful how one learns things by going abont the world a tittle !" ' Describing a debate in the House of Com mons on the Death Duties, the "Daily News" says ; — The prevailing dulneas of the discussion was temporarily relieved by an amusing speech from Lord Willoughhy de Eresby, who bluntly told the Commit tee that he objected to death duties alto gether. The "infamous proposals," as the noble lord characterised the reformed death duties, would weigh heavily on the unfor tunate heir, who would have to pay for things he did not want. The secret of the noble lord's vehement opposition to the new soheme was partially disclosed when, towards tbe end of his speech, he, amid laughter, deolaied that among other things he would inherit a ghost, and he ap pealed to the Chancellor of the Exchequer to say it he would have to pay eaccesaiou duty for hin part of his inheritance. .Sir William jSarooiirt emiled, but -made no -attempt-to ' answer the conundrum. The British Death Duties, aesuming that they are passed by the Imperial Parliament, wiil be operative from the 1st inst. On Budget Night (reports the 44 Daily News") Mr Balfour, assuming that the Budget Bill could not be passed by the 1st of J nne, took exception to the Chancellor ot tbe Exche- auer's estimate of the amount derivable from the increased Death Duties between that date and the end of the financial year. Sir William Harcourt has, however, beeu careful so to frame the resolutions on which the hill will be based that at whatever date the Budget is added to the Statute Book, the new rates shall be leviable upon the property of all persons dying 44 on or after the 1st day of June, 1894." 44 We move to-day, and I have only a dollar in the house." This is a passage from a letter by Leigh Hunt dated 44 Florence, 14th October, 1823," to be found in a collection of autograph letters Messrs Sotheby and Wilkinson will offer for sale to-day. It vividly recalls passages in the life of Mr Harold Skim pole. 44 1 am constantly," that " little bright creature with a rather large head " observed, " bring bailed out, tike a boat ; or paid off, like a ship's com pany. Somebody always does it for me. I can't do it, yon know, for 1 never have any money ; bnt Somebody does it. I get out by Somebody's means. I am not like the star ting. I get out." There are two letters in the collection, both vividly recalling the too faithful presentment of his old friend which Dickens admitted he had yielded to the temptation to include in the story of Bleak House. In 44 Temple Bar," there is a story of how the late Poet Laureate received the first copy of " Maud" whilst he was a visitor at a country house, and how he was prevailed npon to read the poem under rather discouraging circumstances. "Mr and Mrs Gariyle were among the'gnests. Now Cariyle would not permit himself to be read to byanybody. The T—fh'Tit x4444 'mi" 4 " i'"4 ,i»s nf iisi iiny riir the visitors in the honse were anxious to listen to Tennyson's delightful reading. Lord and Lady Ashburton were kept waiting. Chairs had been arranged in a quiet sitting room. The visitors (ourselves amongst (he number) were taking their planes. Tenny son was ready. Cariyle was not indisposed to go out for a walk if anybody would go with him, Bnt there was the rnb. Who would sacrifice the pleasure of hearing 8 great poet raad his latest poem ? Professor Gold win Smith threw himself into the imminent and deadly breach, and walked with the philsupher." The following particulars from one of the English papers to hand by the week's mail supplement what has appeared jn reference to the same matter in a recent cablegram : — 44 Six of the seven explorers of the Lug-loch caverns, who were rescued on Monday, are in Gratz and are doing well, and the seventh, the lad Heidt, who came ont in a pitiable condition, and was left be hind in the village of Semriaoh, is also reported much better. They would have died of hunger several days ago, as the provisions they took with them were already exhausted, but fortunately the parish priest of Semriaoh chanced to throw a box contain ing cheese, bread and sixteen candles into the swollen brook, which by a miracle earned it to the Upper Cave, in which the entombed men were already feeling the pangs of hnnger. Onoe in posses sion of the box, the leader, Herr Fasching, divided the contents into small daily rations. The imprisoned men state that they found some wonderful caves, putting even those of Adrisherg into the shade. The diver, Rudolph Fischer, who succeeded in reaching the entombed men at great personal risk, is ! suffering from violent shivering attaokB brought on by the intense cold of the water." A discussion has recently raged in England about the refusal of Messrs W. H. Smith and Sons to circulate Mr George Moore's . novel,: . Esther Water8 in Oinir circulating library. Tbe difficulty of deriding what is an improper book crops up in this diBcossion in a decided manner. No less a person than lady Jeune, the wife of the President of the Divorce Court, rushes into the fray in the defence of the book, and of Thomas Hardy's latest work, Life's Little "ironies, which had also been alluded to sb being one of the naughty kind. Sheeaysehe does not think it is a book "that need shook the readers of a generation who enjoy The Heavenly Twins, The Yellow Aster, Key notes, or the various works' of fiction which deal with all the com plex and undeniable questions of our modern life. A novel is good or had in pro portion as it arouses sympathy with what is noble or glomes immorality with a sickly sentimentality which creates an entirely false standard of right or wrong." And she sums np her ctmclnmons on the general principles of the controversy in tins way .: — 44 The old story of woman's weakness and man's be trayal has been, and always will be, the keynote of many great works in English fiotfen which deal with tbe great story of temM passion. The winds evil of modem novel lies ih the point of view Horn which the. subject is tzeated, and from the attempt to oentre the . interest and sympathy .of Hie reader onafalseissue;"-: " . LiWa three-yeac-old Jamie was .with his lather in the bun. Sering a Imge rotehfork, he sard; "Taps, is that what thehorses eat hay with?" -. 