Short Storyu The Lady's Maid's Story. "Yes. miss, certainly, I livod with Mrs. Birch— Miss Grigg that was before bIic married Mr. Birch. I knew all about that affair, to was very singulnr indeed — very. , I.'ni not suro that 1 ought to montion it, for if a lady's maid can't hold her tongue she can't find good places. Dear inc. I'm 110 talker. I'm us mum as a mouao. Bushels of pearl powder and quarts of rouge have 1 applied with my own hands, and 1 over so much as hinted at. As for cotton, bless yourheart, I'veneverao much as breathed about it. " I lived with a lady once that took arsenic regularly for her complexion. That's no socret, for alio took too much one day, by accident, and died. It all came out in the inquest. It's well it did, for suspicion pointed at tlio husband. Somehow it always seonis to strike a jury that a liusbaud is tho likclieBt person to wish a wife out of tlio way. " But this isn't anything about pnint ; Miss Grigg being on tlio stage, made 110 secret of that. She played queens and such, miss. I've often bad tickets given me and gone with my young man to see her act. And when she was haughty and curled her noso like, miss, and looked at other folks over her shoulder ar.d talked away down in her throat like a pigeon gurgling, she was splendid, miss. It mado me think how nice it would bo to be a quecu, aud take airs over every body. " Well, Miss Grigg waB engaged to bo married. Mr. Birch had fallen in love with her when she waa playing Hamlet's ma. Perpaps you have seen the play, mis-:? The young man objects to his 111a getting married the second tiino, so I seemed to make- out, and acted impertinent, giving sass to his ma and bis step-pa, and carry ing on awful. And there was a poor young lfidy quite out of her mind that afterward got drowned. " Well, she was playing Hamlet's ma, and Mr. Birch foil in love with her and seut lior a letter, and called and made an offer, all in 110 time. She accepted liiin, of course, and tho preparations for the wedding began. I don't think any lady ever bad so many dresses before. Silks and satins, and velvets and luces. Dear, dear ; Mine. Blank's whole establishment was hard at work for a month, and if I'd had twenty fingers instead of only ten. I'd have had use for tliom all. "At last everything was finished. The trunks were packed, fifteen of them, miss, and fourteen ivo'e to go 011 that aftor- noon, and one — the one with the wedding and travelling dresses — was, of courso, to go on with the bride when she started next day. She was to be married at ten o'clock, in the church, and then drive home, have a splendid breakfast, change her Ircss and catch the three o'clock train. Of course 1 saw to the trunks, and I was very careful ; but just when I was needed most, just as the trunks we're being taken down Btairs, Miss Grigg called for me. "MisB Grigg was a lady who didn't like to wait, and so I went to her at once, niiss, as was my duty, and I said to Bridget Duster, ike chambermaid, — " ' Bridget, watch that black trunk, and see that the men don't carry it off.' "Bridget understood with lier'elbows, of course, miss, and after I had been to the land's end for two ynrds of blueribhon of exactly such a shade as she wanted, and got back, I found that she had sent off the black trunk first of all, and was very proud of having been so care ful. The trunks were all miles away by that time. " There was nothing for it but to tell Miss Grigg. She flew at me, miss. I don't blame her for boing angry. I would forgive her iu such a case. She flew at me, violent, miss; aud then, miss, she had spasms. She beat the sofa,- she tore her hair, she screeched, and me all the while saying,— " Remeuiber your eyes, miss. Think how you will look, miss. Your nose is swelling dreadful, miss."' "Finally she came to and bathed her face. Aud says she : " ' Flora, what shall I do 1" "'I don't know, miss,' said I, 'unless you put off the wedding until you can telegraph for tho trunk ' " ' No, that's unlucky ; besido, ono never knows. Nouo ain't to be depended on.' " ' You might borrow a dress, said I. " ' As if I would be married in a dress that did not 'fit,' she said. 1 Slop, don't speak a word. I've an idea.' " She sat with one finger on her lips foi a while. Then she said : '"My embroidered dressing gown. The white one ! That's there ?' " ' I11 the bureau, miss," said I. . " ' Very well,' said she. ' I'll be mar ried in that. Telegraph for the trunk, Flora.' '"The white dressing gown, miss? said 1 nearly . astonished out of my senses. "'Yes,' said she, ' the white dressing gown ; yoii goose, you don't think' I'm going to he married in church in' that. 1 won't put off the wedding, and I won't stand up before a crowd in anything but my white satin dress ! But I'll be mar ried at the appointed hour, for all that. So telegraph for my trunk and come back soon.' "When' I came back I found Miss Grigg in bed and the doctor sent for. He was puzzled, I could see that. He couldn't tell what was the matter, and Miss Grigg was too faint to speak. He questioned me. I said she had been very much agitated. He prescribed something and went off, bidding me send for him if she seemed worse- The evening paper published the report that Miss Grigg waa 'angurously ill, and Mr. Birch caino to the hotel in a terrible fright, as pale as a Blicct, to ask how she was. I took him down ' Her love, and sho was very ill.' " Then Miss Grigg said to tho ladies who had come in ; " ' Leave mo with my faithful Flora.' " We were very soon loft alone. I can't say that I was surprised when she sat up in bed and said briskly : " ' Lock the door, Flora. I'm aiok of lying on my back. I've taken them" in, haven't I > You see what 1 am about now ?' " ' Exactly, mics,' said I, 'to be too ill to be married when the time comes.' " 'No,' said she ; ' to be ill enough to be married in tho ivliito dressing gown. I'm going to bo married on my dying bed, Flora.' " I gave a scroeeh and she laughed, and then she made a supper of sardines and biscuits and wine, and threw tlio medicine nut. of the window. Early next day the doctor came. 1 answered his question as to what sort of night his -patient had passed by saying she had been ' much the lame." Then I took a little note she had written to Mr- Birch, who was anxiously waiting. " I knew what was in it. She told him 'hat rather than leave the world without ki ejiing her vow to him she would be married 011 her dying bed. I powdered '".-r up well, miss, and dressed her in the -iiihroiiiured dressing gown, with tuba n.Mi i at the throat. I pulled down the ; With 'Meewd 4»rfc<H»ea the 109m. She , fixed the pillows to prop herself up with, and rhon skipped into bed. '"Give me my pearl bracelets,' she said, 'and the handsomest of those hand kerchiefs, and all my rings ; and Flora, mind you must sob all through tho cere mony. I'm going to bn calm.' " Wo hadn't five minutes mote, but just as the first knock came to the door, she whimpered sorrowfully : " Oh, dear ! if I could only have alow music. Couldn't you catch that " Tra- viata " organ, Flora, and got him to play for half an hour outside tho window ? He's always on the corner. I'll leave you something handsome if you do.' ".I did it, short as the time was. I caught that man and he ground out his quarter's worth. "The clergyman was averynico, neat, near-sighted old gentleman. Mr. Birch was tho dreadfulest sight — palo as a ghost and shaking from head to foot. Tlio groomsman looked dreadfully sorry ; the four or live intimate frionda looked as j though they were at a funeral ; aud to see hor, with her calin smile and powdered face, ono hand against her heart, the other in his — I was glad I'd been told to sob ; I had tu do something. And so they were married. " ' I feel,' said Miss Grigg, slowly, ' that this, perhaps tho last moment of my life, is very sweet. To die thus, with my hand in yours — ah ! Dear friend, adieu 1 Flora, my faithful maid, take this ring.' I saw her pick tout the cheapest ; but no matter. ' Remember me by it. Now — leave us.' "Then everybody kissed her and went out of tho room sobbing. "In a moment mere there was a scream; Mr. Birch had fainted away. It took an hour to bring him to. ; " The reporter of the evening papoi was waiting outside for the news. Jt was ill published that night, but tho next ifternoon the travelling dress came back tu the black trunk. " Yes, miss, of course — Miss Grigg«=-I aican to say Mrs. Birch — recovered at :mce. And that's the wholo story. I'm she only one that knows it, and I wouldn't mention it to any one but you, na'ani." 