THE BISHOPRIC OF ADELAIDE. DR. KENNION'S SUCCESSOR. ADDRESS BY DEAN MARRYAT. At St. Peter's Cathedral on Sunday evening Dean Marryat, the administrator of the the congregation on the subjects of the election of a successor to Dr. **"^jM*i£*B of Adelaide. He aaids- J^ 1™ «oa hearty and enthusiaitio farewell T^etedtoonr Uto bishop, both by memben rw the Church and by the colonists in general, time k no need an tbo present "~~-iTn to dwell on the pest or to repeat what m then to speeches and in addresses so feelingly and eloquently said. Still, the past may and should hare this effect upon mw Churchmen. . «_atoald remind us of the capabilities of om CHinreh, and in consequence of our respon ttoffittai and (U ? ?"*e needed) oL the great «mbb and solemnity of the oocesiol for which Synod of the diooese is to meet this week, bishaidtoeaieeroanyeabjeas upon which toe Synod can to called niton to decide more important, more serious in its consequences, Shan tta etootooa o£ a bishop. LetnTaU watoh fadpn* that too members of Synod som-m** opoa it in a right spirit, seeking •E^SST™? 111*- Thw ??«*?«of Synodwill Jwj^nnder some peculiar and favorable oir fTOH?rtano?s.^ One v that the resignation of ,WeJbto bishop has, in aaoordsnoa with die fundamental provision of this dioaeseand the , ™?>! itimi of the General Synod of Aus •BdwMd Tasmania, been forwarded to and hooepted by she senior bishop in the absence ofthePnmate. On the occasion of the resig nation of Bishop Short that bishop forwarded •? resignation to his Grace toe ArohbJ?hop tot Canterbury, wno alone could aooept it. 1 Bishop Bbort had been appointedmder UeaeMpMent, He had been consecrated by ?the Archbishop of Canterbury at the command kt tie Oon and was supposed to be aobjeot go thayawditwii of the metropolitieal See of Msatsrbury. He, however, wish Bishops perry and TyrreU. took the path of «"«ymAfr tto BuJinp Hrooghtonj who had b?en i^iw^rn* J^yatyM by officers of theOrown flftetropoukaa of Australia. A second pant is f that we c*b proceed with oar etectkm with f^a?yntaaos to Ite Secretary of State for itheColams?. In 18S1 tt was considered dc -suable, if no* necessary, to obtain a definite stsiteroort respecting the intention* of her Majesty's Government with regard to future •ppoinamentstotheSeeof Adelaide. A letter was tfaenlaid on tbetableof Synod by.tbepresi goMDow Sosnil) from the Go^norfsk ■ Wlham F. Drommoad Jorrois, endooag a from Lord Embody, in which he ■tated "that tt ia< aot the fatentiaa. of HJL Gommmeut to make any further ap. pi"*—i mn?ft.rf *A^i+.? aausfaot Sad beta ptenoaary k?6w«. bat the diocese had tod no formal intimation of it. It is to be remembered tha* when the then. Miss (now baraneM) Bnrdett Coutts founded the Bohopnes of Adelaide and Cape Town tt was wuh the pmriao that the bishops of those aeae jjgnM be appointed by the Grown under %*■? Patens. When these hut were tfsermgrt to b? invalid and ultra ■roes that aod? of appahxbnent natu rally and happily felfw the ground. Tfry pcnnta are interesting as marking, fiat of all. tbaderclopmoat ot the colonial Chorea, 1 and seeondly,our positian as a free Church in a **«? S«jte. We can meet without any formal coagidTtbnmmi by aba Grown and with bo terrors of dcitsotuts hanging owtour heeds. | A thud poms of oaagrasatatia? is that the vaoanqrwhioa we an now celled opon to fill; bMoosnzred with perfect *■ peace and honor." No pnssibfc fault «an be found with our late batiopk eo?tptsnas of the promotton offend 0.10*3 fcj,**^™*^l"* to the See of Bath and Wells. On Chia oar -"yntnl- *•«• went as hearty aa they vm general, Sbat be should have returned to England •ooner or later was not quite uneq)ected. Not *ha?hepenoariteahowedany dene or wish ontheaubject. His feelings were gracefully expressed when ha was sounded aa to his ao aVtaso?ofapossaiiebizbDpria We aU gin him fait endis for worldna; amongttos as if he hid been going to spend bis whole IS* in the colony. So no* aonbts far a snomeat the ftoroMh loyalty of both hUaseU and Mm. TTjmi^ ao u^ ifa*f^ «« Ade laide. tfti? Irejoioe that he has leftos in the. way that he baa done, aa a bishop IB toll exercise of nil Episoopal office. A " returned empty" nay not be ? euphonious or an eoefesiasatoai acpraeoan, bat it is one t aU of meaning, Is implies a bishop who, con aeotatedfota oolooial aae, return* home void of his aaccedoSaefor tiP rrartifl imrnrnm - TOni of tn*? dnt7 for which he had been ■"IHniTj1"""?—;*S¥Wn?1. —~^ ■H ** ?nini^? taau." to> which he had declared that he was doty called aad for which be was oooaeoraasd. -liraaay ombs they «hjiaMato -parish priasts wiA no epacopal atatns, though ready for any episcopal work that nay tana op, I think that the aolomal Cbnmh has jurt erase of «ocqplaint in a* toast soaoa of these . retue meatabyms?intheprimaoflife. Xfindtbat imycarthqreweraiOretiad bishepa, Two only wore Soglish, the net wem ooloaiaL Sonwyeanac?thaAnUbishopof Canterbury wrote tothePrunateof Anatralia and Tas mania, Bahop Barry, ooaphtmins that clergy man eaoeatea a* naauoaaaei at missionary eo?egesanderfatiwdfortfiatsnepial workre tnmed to England after • very abort sojourn ? the mm neU. eotooial ox otherwise. Ba?ifbiaho(Waot the ezampte what can wa expect from toe younger oWgyT Of ooone no complaint oan as made in cases of retirement on aocount of iB-bealth, or old a Veen. BUwp TyrreU for S3 yean, and Bishop Gray, of Cape Town, for 9 yean. I menbon these four, aa they were all oonse ctated togethsr on Bfc Peter's Day in Weaunmater Abbey in 18C. tjuch men have c right to ebjoy their well-earoed t«siEsmentwhar>Ter they like. O.titicomnaf Btfll,lhaTe sometimes thought that it will be nod for colonial flmcr«rs when we begin to tmrjoor bishops. I mean that i? will be good w&en; oolonial bishop* ate so consactod with Jhe «plobms-«m toeh thorough ookniau— thattheyazeeontonttodiein thab sees. It was OKhttr Ihongfat to be to the credit of Bishop I^nrfra memory that be ni the ftnt Australian faiabop who died from natural eaotwinhisdJoe?ta. In fast I believe that he ■erer left hit diooesa except for an advantoraos and dang?roua muwwiary, royage to the Mnl.nesisii Island* with Bisbop^Sdwyn of tiewZeatand. Thereienore in burial than at fiat catches the eye. Bishop Swithen, of Wuufaester, showed the spirit of humility which marked huaetiveUfe by requesting to be boned m the common churchyard, where men could walk «wr his grave and the tain of KbCTen faU on it. instead of in bis staMy "rthwdral It was when the monks attempted to dwrqgard-hi? wish^ad remoro his ranuuns to the cathedral that the famous rain fell with which his name is associated. Abaham Celt that he was but •> stxanger and sojournerin Canaan antfl he bought the aare of Macpelah at Hebron as a burymg place that he mifrut bury ha dead out of his «g>t " There they buried Abraham and Sarah his wife; there they boned fsaaoand Bebekeh;" there was also buried Uthi mi Jacob, who died in JBgypn, bat was buried in Canaan, amid the grandand iHMnouHn aouming a* the floor of Atad. There we nave mason to believe their bones may be at this present laomnnfc This qntatdon of eady retirement on the part of bishops will h?Te to be oopsidered when the proposal is made to confer the rightful and appropriate title of atnhbuhop on all oolonial metro politans. England has been accustomed to only two iwchtwhops. Of the SO resigned bishops now at home no leas than fire come under the category of possible archbishops. It eeema tome that it will beeomewhat w oDsgrnotai for anobkhopi to minister ac lowly canons or country pastors at home. Thi?f however, by the way. We all seek men for btsbqps who will identify themselves with the coiautes and will not lightly resign their high office. Of comae, if their heart v at home and not in their work, the sooner they go home She better. But none th> lass is, the injury done to the diocese by aa uncalled-for retire ment. Constant changes also injure the in flneneeaftheGeneralSynod. ThatSynoddoep not appear to progress ;as it should do. We want what X think we may call an Australian party. Bishops who tmnk not ao much of "what wflU they aay in England," whither Borne may inwardly hope to return, as whatis S^fortbeCbnrehin Australia. Fartheforma «on of rach ? party we hare now a good nudeus in the bishop lately elected from the "atones, of Korthem Qneansland, and of Grafton and Armidale, with the able Bishop of Goulbura (Chalmers), who has already made h? n? rk'*?lB«*tt- I*i short we want meo wbo, kkeSt. P«d, aoswer to their calling and rtielf to it-^rho are not like the homeeiek John Mark, who turned back and went not with the apostle* to the work. As in those days so. in these, the eympatby of the Church is with St. Paul and nose who continoe atwaiifsiit in the work. These axe ncommeodedbytbe brethren to the grace of Cod. B«rubat takes Mark and goes on his way without any farewell. In the election of •bishop, by the roles of Synod, three oooom* are open to as. One is for the Synof to proceed to the election, the second is for the Synod to membrialue the Archbishop of Canterbury, conjointly with some other bishop or bishops, to appoint or teoommend a fit and proper person to be the bishop of the Bee. The third is for the Synod to *memnrisJ?«w the Primate, with hu oom ptDnadal bjsheps, 4b appoint or teonmrnarni such b%feHV Ttoas three mqdas may heas^Bl into six. Of thm. fow. f iom&iXk; viU not be entertained. i. There j? hardly need to mmnqrislwie the Primate and I**-*"""* of *"*«K« to aDnoint regatd to memorialising the Primate to recom mend trech bishop. In this case there would be this difficulty, that no one with proper self reepeofe would oare to be publicly nominated With the risk of being rejected. 8. The same objection to my mind may be nude to the pUu of memorialising the Archbi?hop of Canter bury and. others to recommend a fit and Proper person to be bishop—to be eleoted by the Synod. Here again, any clergyman of position sad Belf- respeot would hesitate to be put publicly in nomination, with the pos sibility pi being rejected an the other side of the world. Connected with this is another mode which in my opinion is equally objec tionable, bat which is within the power of Synod, namely, for the Synod to proceed with the election of some bishop or clergyman in Kngland. In both of these last cases we know that we cannot expect any assistance from the Archbishop of Canterbury. On one occasion the Diooeseof Sydney petitioned the archbishop to nominate, I believe, tbiee clergymen from whom that diocese murht eelect one as a bishop. The archbishop naturally declined, stating that no man of Btanding would consent to euch a nomination of himself! In this case there was a certainty ot ail but one being rejected, and that by a Synod who could know little or nothing whatever about them. We cannot then expect the Archbishop of Canterbury to recommend or nominate anyone tor election. The trembles connected with the last two elections of the Primate and Bishop of Sydney also point out the danger of attempting to make an election in Eng land ourselves without a strong recom mendation from Borne qualified authority. In these elections three Dames of clergymen in England wero nominated on eaoh occasion by the Synod of Sydney. In eaoh case one was rejected by the bishops of the province, a second was rejected by the bishops of the General Synod. On both occasions the two names eleoted as bishops declined to serve. On both occasions the election bad to be com menced afresh, and the second mode of elec tion provided by die General Synod proceeded with. -This was by means of a committee of the bishops and members of the Sycod of Sydney acting conjointly. On the first occa sion this committee came to a deadlock, anil by way of compromise ended in delegating the election to the Archbishop of Canterbury. It was thos to the sorrow *ai Sydney, but to the joy of the Australian Church mi large, that Bishop Barry was appointed. On the last occasion the extraordinary blunder occurred through some of the bishops proceeding with the election in violation ot the rules of the General Synod, after their nominee had declined to accept the office. This election was declared void, and the whole process had to begin de nova But may we£not trace in this mode of election an. inherent weakness, vix, in attempting to choose a clergyman at the other end of the world without knowing whether be will accept the office or no. Possibly a good man may be strongly recommended to us, but in this ease aU depends upon the knowledge and judg ment of the person, who makes the reromnwmdatino. Even then, though the person nominated may be a good man, the archbishop may know a hundred m«n who are nettec Or let it be taat we know certain men by repute, does it follow that they have the special qulifioations which fit them for a "^mii*l bianppric. If we go to England at all it aeems that the right and best ooone to panne is to memoraliae the Arch bishop of Canterbury and leave she elfotion with him. The two modes of election on wmoh I imagine that the Synod will decide are, first, election by ouraelvesof some bishop or clergyman in this diocese, in Aottxalia, or it might be in New Zealand; or, secondly, by memorial to the Archbishop of Canterbury conjointly with one or more bishops as bo aehjend by Synod. On these two the whole dJsens?im is likely (and, as I shink, ought) to turn. Let us for the moment consider them. With regard to the first, theoretically eleo tfaw byxstaelves ought to be the wish of every mesubar of, the Church —I might even add of and from ourselves. It is the natural order of things. Itmurtootnetoahi?HOonerorlater,and the sooner it comes the better it will be for the dioin'ST. The election of a olentyman from England must of necessity censeaeerioos break in the work of the dioofer. Is is ao much more easy for him—perhaps more natural—to start new aahemes than to work on old lines, fie hat also not only so mnoh to learn, of which he can have had no experience, bat he has still mora to unlearn. Kir a year or mote, though at the head of Synod, unless his powers are marvellous, he is in some potato the most in experienced man of the body. Even if be manages to master the tetter of our oanitUu tkn and rules he may not get at the spirit or principle which noderiim them. There is a principle on which our roles are based which may not appear on the surface. Thi* diffi culty, of course. inoiMMW aa time got* on. and our roles become more complicated. Itwaenot so with our fintt bishops. They left Knglanrt at m tune when not merely mai?f"f of mutate ritual were discussed, but whan controversy caaoafKineipka of Chcrch eovarament and discipline. The Hampden and other oontro raraiae made many eager Churchmen look to the independence of colonial Cbnrcbe* from all State control. Those biahops were ako the founders of the several Synods under dimoul ties of which enceeasora have no conoeptioo. They were tone founders and leader* and bead*. We may her*. 10,000 instmetora in Christ, but not many fathers. A clergyman of experience would easily adapt himself to tits- mode of procedure in another riinaeen. The principles would be the. sane; *h? difference would lie in details. Then sash an «>?<?t~i*' is but natural. The clergy may naturally look for promouun. In other professions, law and medicine, men rise to the highest offices, why not the clergy, pro vided that they are fit? The universal cry is "Australia for the Australians." Asa matter of principle, I rejoiced some twenty-five yeata ago when we were called upon in Synod to draw op roles for the election of a bishop. These rules were passed in IS7O. At that time few probably thought of a local election. Ai the same time I remember how at the nest general Synod I can over in my mind the clergy who might be futare bishops. Than, again, there it the teat chance of a colonial, clergyman, if eleoted, tearing his work on account of h^*y*^ «wfc ?n,, So much for election bj omserves. Theoceti cally I hare no doubt that it is the right coarse. Still, when I come to pat theory into practice I fee} it well to paase and consider. Anstniia or Australians is a sound principle, but we hare to look above and beyond ourselves. Oar one prayer and aim mint be to do what we believe to be good for the Church. And the question cannot fail to cross the minds of many whether the boor and man have arrived? If the man has, so, of course, has the hone An election of a bishop we most all feel is a serious and solemn matter not to be undertaken lightly or without earnest prayer for Piyioe guidance. W« cannot vote upon snob, a subject without a deep sense of responsi bility. Personally, I could with a better con science vote tor election by delegation to men in whose knowledge and judgment I had perfect confidence than vote for one concern ing whom my knowledge might be imperfect and in whom, consequently, I would nut have any nsl confidence. Even —"*f* weaknesses might cause me to hesitate, each as a decided known want of pnnctnality. of bnsJqus habits, of patience under opposition, of backbone. Tea, Timothy's weakness and bis often infir mities, if they rendered him unable to endure the hardness of bush bed and board might be regarded as a t *nnf\ ifi i>^ein^ In one duly appointed we might overlook these deficiencies by reason of the excellence of other virtues which might totally eclipse them. One thing is certain that in a local election theremusttor the good of the diocese be no violent contest. In a small diocese it should bs if not quite, «"i«jynu?i«. It should be like the election of Ambrose to the See of Milan. Party Bpirit between Catholic and Ariaos was at ite height when they were assembled for the election. It is said that a voice exclaimed — jtiabrotius Episcoptu— (let Ambrose be bishop), though at the time he was only a catechumen. It was regarded on both sides as a voice coming from heaven. He was elected by ac clamation. This is an ideal election when all parties look to one man, and unite in accepting him as the right man in the right place. An election, though within the power of a lioceee, may not be always an easy matter. Experienctt shows that there may be two men in a aioceae or province whose ciaims to or fit ness for the office are generally recognised. Sach might have a strong party in his favor. It would not be the first time in history if, in order to avoid the evils ot a contest and of dividing the diocese, ie was agreed on both sides to make the election outside. Let us remember that we are face to face with all the dangers of a popular election. In our model trust deed for the dioceee we have done oar best to provide against popular elec tion of an incumbent by the congregation at large. We have tried to avoid the evil even of electing the committee of patronage at the time of the vacancy, when minds may be unduly excited. Provision is made thus:— The election of an incumbent shall be by a com mittee of patronage, combined with the trus tees, the a?id committee to be appointed annually at the Eaiiter vestry. Nothing has proved more degrading to the Church in Sngland than the election of an incumbent by the congregation at Urea. Nothing has proved more injurioue to the Church in old tuces than the violent scenes enacted in the elections of bishops when party spirit ran high. An other point lot na remember. In thu diocese we hare had, thank God, a high standard of excellence in both our former bishops. Both Bishop Short and Bishop Kenoion took very prominent—some of us think the leading— position among the Australian bishops. We must not willingly at least forego oar position. It will then, I chink, be no reproach, whether to the diocese or to the Aw?traHan Church, if Synod decides to memorialise the Archbishop of Canterbury, and then to make she appoint ment. We must do what under the|guiaance Of the Spirit of God we shink and fed to he Ifpjrjbegoodof the Ofa?roh. _ The HMiMMMiibTlity whlohiiesopon fnembers ef fyWd ? ondcflbtoJJ^H?jfcTTrji, os think for a moment of what we expect in a bishop. It is true we appoint our judges, and there is no position more honored in the State than that of a judge, bnt we churchmen expect in a bishop something infinitely more than what the State looks for in a judge. There is no office from whioh so much v expected as that of a bishop. I think that first of all we look for a gentleman—l use the word advisedly—in the highest and widest sense. It is a title of honor in aU ranks and sorts and conditions of men. I know than it has been oaid that) thus toe- Church of England has suffered from being too gentlemanly. If it is a fftult it is one on the right side. No one ever failed feimply for baing a ggntleiiiaQ. It was that he was & gentleman and nothing more! We look for this only as the basis. Then we look for a man of come scholarship. Not that he need be an expert in the Greek artiola or in Egyptian chronology, but his position demands some more knowledge, especially in Latin and Greek, than is required for Holy Orders. An unlearned bishop will tend even unconsciously to lower rather than raise the standard of learning in the clergy and diocese. That be must be a churchman goes without Baying. Bnt the word cbnronman has various mean ings. By churchman, I mean one who stands above party, *ho n? ODe cues *? label with this or that particular sabool of thought. "I have known," said Harvey Goodwin, the lata Bishop of Carlisle. "I hare known Bishop Ligbtfoot, of Durbam, for many years, and I honestly declare that I do not know how to class him. But what is more peculiar is, that I do not know to which school of thought I belong myself." The same may be eaid of Bishop Lightfoot's auoceesor, Bishop Westoott, possibly also of the presenS Archbishop of Canterbury. Now let ua mark that thwe men are not colorless; they are not victims of compromise. No doubt etch one has his teodenuiee, but they possess parts which aU schools love to honor, and in which all claim a share. They hold what is beat in all Buhools. Last, but not least—we may say above all— we look far and pray for one who is a Christian indeed. Moral of course he must be; but we seek one, who, filled with the spirit of Christ, who, breaching tin spirit of truth and of love, of parity and firmness, leaves no doubt that the spirit of Christ is within him. Perhaps no one is called upon to play so many parts in his life as a oolonial bishop. It is hard to imagine a publio officer in which come analogy may not be found in bis various duties. He is a Governor, as standing alone and as the head of the exeoutive, thougU with this grant distinction, for political or con stitutional reasons the Governor is only with us for a period of five years or so the bishop U with us for life. Then he v, at it were. Chief Secretary of State, ac directing our oooDciJs and organising ocr movements, fie iM a judge in administering the law of the Church and in trying offenses. He is a. general as leading us into action. He should be a financier and man of business, ao far at least as to see all things done in proper order, and that faith and mogiueu be accompanied by prudence. To these must be added the more spiritual relations which exict between bishop and clergy and laity. For these we can find no better terms than father, pastor, oonnmllor. brother in Christ. If I added another essential it is this—in aU he mutt be thorough and real Some public men disclaim the right of the public to enquire into their private lives. Perhaps they are right. Whitened sepulchres do not encourage inward inspection. With a biehop, as he can never be more than a bishop, so can he never be lass. At it ia with ovary priest aod deaooa in his dioooae be can never divert himself of bis high and lofty calling. He U expected to be the same, whether in public or in private, at home or ahmarl, in his pulpit or in hi* house, in p?i««««?>i?i or social lite. With him, in one way; there is no relaxation. Semper otvum lavtit Apollo. He is like a city set oa a till—that cannot be hid. Bat wby follow my own thoughts? Buaop Kenn, tJut saintly predecessor ot our late bishop in the bee of Bath and Wells, has summed up aU that I wiah to say, and aU that we oan wish for in a bishop, 'at his description of a faithful priest. "Give me the priest," he writes. "So to at Ux fiatwp ji*? thss* gncm shall Ot v ambM?dor Om «nt addraa. A Father** tcMUmsss, a Bbepattd* can, A lasulw's eonnc*, which tan erots oa tear, A Bnlac** awe-a Wauamaa'* wasrtol oat, A euafm skill, lbs Ua imacoana to ply, A Mnrt prtira. and alabonr* uai; A dais's oaxwrUy to dbmahroli, A PwpD**'* inq&allaa; Horn then. A UttcM*! knowtadf*. aaii a Ssrionr** tan." Does any one ask —Can we find a man eoffi- CMttt for them tilings? First, let all Christian atea ted that there is aomeriting mom in cjw old words nolo epucopari than the average man of the worn can see or appreciate. Secondly, if no man is perfect, God has pro rided in cimospast aod in all agfes very goud aubsututas. What lie has done lie can do again. Let us pray that He will do so in our pretest case, sad provide this diocese with a bUfaop who, full of the Holy Ghost and of wisdom, of power and spiritual pitta, may faithfully serve God in hi* sacred office to the glory ot Ilia name and the edifying and well governing of Hia Church. Grant this. We pcay Thee, O Heavenly Father, for the sake of Thy dear Son Jesus Christ, our Lord. 