The Disappearance of? MWr. Derwent. A MYSfERY. BY THOMAS COBB, Author of "The Ifouso by the Common," " Wedderburn's Will," " The Westhrkes," ,o , 6c. (Published by Spooial Arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Look, and Bowden, Ltd.) CHAPTER XII.-(Continued.) 'You ask that, after seeing Fair ford give himself away as he did! You ought to have told mo, Floy ; if I'm to get all the truth you mustn't keep back anything. Now I have something to go upon.' ' I don't see what.' 'Don't you? Now listen to me. Uncle Roderick either went away of his own accord, or he killed himself, or got killed. A man can't hide his own body after killing himself; another man may hide it for him. No use to suspect the parson or the doctor, or any ordinary Christian. You must look for someone out of the common-this woman, for instance. Now, who lives at Forest Prospect ?' ' Owen Fairford.' ' Yes, yes, but who lives with him ?' 'No one but the servants,' she re plied reluctantly. ' You don't mean to tell me he lives alone ?' 'I have never heard of anyone living with him,' she said. But-' ' Wait a moment, Floy. You saw he knew all about the woman. No man ever gave himself away more beautifully. If she doesn't live next door, where does she live ? She must hang out somewhere in Rookfield. What I want to know is, where ?' ' You know all that I do about her, Arnold,' Florence answered wearily. ' I don't know much yet. But he knows everything. If she was prowl ing about Monday night, why not other nights ? Why not the night Uncle Roderick disappeared ? Sup pose she saw him!' ' If she did, though nothing is more unlikely-' ' If !-you treat it coolly, Floy. Why, it would be most important evi dence; it carries his history down nearly three hours later. She could tell us for certain which way he went.' 'Surely,' Florence urged, 'if she could tell us, whoever she is, and wherever she lives, she would have done so at the first. What reason could she have for secrecy ?' 'I don't know that,' Arnold an swered, ' but it is the best clue that has turned up yet. Here is a woman whom no one has ever heard of, who undoubtedly lives in the village, who is in the habit of walking about for some reason of her own in the middle of the night.' ' Who is known to have walked through the village one night, Arnold.' ' Then,' he .continued, excitedly, 'there's this to remember. You tell your story to Fairford. You see that he knows all about her. Yet, instead of offering an explanation, he simply skedaddles. I tell you plainly, I shan't be satisfied till I run her to earth.' ' Of course, if that is the ease,' she answered, 'the only honourable course is to ask Mr. Fairford for an explana tion.' She could never ask him herself, ardently as she longed to learn the truth; but then she would never, on the other hand, take one step to find it out. Yet it was true, as Arnold said, that Owen had betrayed himself ; and Floredce also felt confident that, whoever it was that terrified Lizzie, Owen knew all about her. 'I'm not quite a Juggins !' cried Arnold, in profound disgust. 'Fight a man with his own weapon's, that's my game.' She made no further remark, and soon afterwards bade her cousin good night. Her sympathies were exclu sively with Owen. In his honour her confidence was complete, She never wavered in her trust. That some mystery overshadowed his life she had long felt assured, as now that this woman was at the heart of it.. Did she live at Forest Prospect, as Arnold insisted ? At least, it seemed probable. Rookfield was not a large village, and Florence, having lived in it all her life, could call to mind almost every house it contained. If the woman did not live next door, where, as Arnold asked, could sha live? Yet if she dwelt with Owen, why had he never even hinted at her existence ? The notion that she could have even " the remotest connection with her father's disappearance Florence set aside as absurd, and she found herself wishing that Owen might preserve his secret against her cousin's strenuous efforts to penetrate it. It was iinpossible to put aside a feooling of antagonism to Arnold, a sense of alliance with Owen. When she fell asleep early the next morning her last thought was this What was Owen Fairford's relation to this mysterious woman ? Could it be that she was his wife? CHAPTER XIII. THE AUTO-DA-FE. ' I wanted a word with you, doctor,' said Arnold Derwont, waylaying Dr. Viret as he came downstairs from -Ann's room the following morning. 'Do you mind coming into the study ? The fact is, I think I've got a clue.' 'H'm! you haven't been long about it,' ejaculated Dr. Viret, follow ing him into the room. ' I can say that for myself,' Arnold • continued, ' when once I'm on the job I precious soon knock it off. About this woman Lizzie saw in the village Monday night.' ' Lizzie is a fool. If that is your clue, I don't think it will help you much.' ' That's where you're wrong,' aidd Arnold, as Florence quietly joined them. ' At least,, the wench may be a fool, probably is, but that doesn't affect her eyesight. She saw some body right enough. You know Fair ford next door '?' 'No, I don't know him,' was the reply. 'Nobody knows the man. Perhaps he doesn't want to be known. Sensible!' ' Father knew Mr. Fairford,' Florence interposed, looking down at the carpet. 'Anyway, he was in here last night,' said Arnold. ' It is a fact that this woman was prowling about on Monday night. Now, why not the night of the 'tth of March too ? And if so, a hundred to one she saw Uncle Roderick.' ' And yet held her tongue about it!' exclaimed Dr. Viret incredulously. ' Extremely unlikely! Women are generally ready enough to talk, heaven knows.' ' Oh, you make me tired! Of course, if you sit upon every suggestion, it's no use going on. I merely state a theory; if it won't work, give it up and try another; only, at least, let it have a chance. You can't deny there's a good deal that's fishy. I'll swear the woman is connected with Fairford -most likely his wife.' 'What do you mean ? ' Dr. Viret demanded. ' What makes you say that ? ' ' She must live somewhere. Fair ford is supposed to have the house next door to himself-rot! Now, why has he never even hinted at her existence, doctor ?.' ' Surely,' said Florence, ' Mr. Fair ford may have excellent reasons for keeping his own counsel, which don't concern us.' 'Oh, no doubt he has the best of reasons! ' Arnold retorted. 'She never appears by day-a regular night bird. You can't deny that it looks fishy, doctor.' Dr. Viret hesitated, and looked extremely judicial for a few moments. ' If there is such a person in exist tence,' he admitted, ' no doubt it does look strange. But is there? You have only this silly's woman's testi mony ; and even if that is to be de pended upon, how do you know that she is connected with Fair ford ? ' ' Because he gave himself away so beautifully. Unmistakable. Florence saw it too. She began to tell us about Lizzie's fright, and the man was like a ghost. Oh, there's no doubt he knows just all about her.' ' Well then, granting all said,' said Dr. Viret, 'it does not follow that she can tell you anything about Mr. Derwent. If so, of course she would have spoken long before now; and the idea of her being actually con nected with the crime is absurd-she have no earthly motive.' Arnold thrust his hands deep in his trousers pockets, and looked up into Dr. Viret's face somewhat pertly. ' Have you never heard of a murder without a motive ?' he asked. * Oh. Arnold!' cried Florence, ' You can't think she-' ' Look here, Floy,' said Arnold. ' I have told you already, I'm only trying to start a working theory. You've heard of homicidal mania, doctor, I suppose? Imagine this woman is a lunatic.' ' I should have to imagine she was kept under proper control, as well, Mr. Derwent.' 'She ought to be-granted. It doesn't follow she is. Suppose she's Fairford's wife-and a luny! In order to avoid putting her away, he hides her. She is liable to periodical attacks of mania. You must have come across hosts of such cases. This particular night-the night of Uncle IRoderick's disappearance-lshe runs mad at the wrong time.' ' Absurd! impossible!' exclaimed Dr. Viret. 'I never heard anything more ridiculous in all my life, never. Such a woman would leave the body where it lay.' He glanced anxiously at Florence's pale face as he ceased speaking. And she, despite the im probability of his theory, could not prevent it from tormenting her. Her poor father! and poor Owen also! It might be true, and he ignorant; or it might be ridiculously untrue, as Dr. Virot avowed. Arnold's dogmatic, eager manner lent the sug gestion a kind of plausibility, and, save Inspector Holt's, no other theory had been propounded. 'No, no, not so fast,' said Arnold. 'Some of theselunies are devilish cun ning. If she is not wrong in her mind, how do you account for her way of living-for all this confounded mystery? If she is not mad, what is she ?' After Dr. Viret had expressed his dissent with increased force and gone back to his laboratory, Arnold still continued the discussion, and though Florence presently left him to seek Ann, she was compelled to meet him at meals, when she heard the argu ment restated. 'You know,' he said, after dinner that evening, ' I'm working for you quite as much as myself. Come to that, I don't want to injure the woman or your friend Fairford either. They may both be as innocent as I am, and that's just what I want to find out.' ' But how, Arnold ? what can you do ?' ' That's a matter for consideration,' he replied. 'I'll have a pipe and turn it over in my mind. One thing is plain: I can't touch a penny of Uncle IRoderick's money till I prove his death. But I shan't stop there, Floy. This old place wouldn't be habitable without you. You haven't forgotten the good old times. They were good times. I often" thought of them when I was away.' ' At Tenerffe, Arnold ?' ' Ah!' he cried, with a pleasant laugh, 'one to you, that! You may not believe it, but I often used to think of your dragging me out after primroses in the wood. Remember that day I bagged the pheasant's eggs, and they broke in my pocket ? The truth about me is just this, Floy : if you stick to me, I can keep straight; but if you don't-well, I shall go to the douce headlong. I'm just imperfect without you, and with you--' ' You are perfect, Arnold ?' she suggested, with a smile, albeit a rather sad one. ' At all events, I'm as good as most Johnnies,' he retorted. 'I may not be able to write poetry, like Uncle Roderick. I never believed in that rot. But my batting average was twenty the last season I played, and I can fight-there, I don't want.to brag, and whatover I am, your word is law, and you can twist me round your little finger, Floy.' He had, at least, furnished her with food for reflection. Had she really so much influence over him ? and, if so, could it be turned to a use ful purpose, to induce him to relin quish his idea of attempting to probe Owen's secret? For of this she felt certain: nothing could result but disaster, of what nature she dreaded to imagine. 'Her own curiosity had become extreme, her curiosity to learn whether the woman she believed to live at Forest Pospect was Owen's wife. About the hour when Florence re tired to Ann's room for the night, Joe Bodger happened to be standing at the back window of his bedroom ad miring the moon, low down over the tree tops. The house had been in dark ness some time, and the night being fine, he was wondering whether or not the person in whom he felt so deep an interest would set forth. Though he had followed her on every occasion but one, when he had seen her quit the house, and was not far off on the occasion of Lizzie's fright, having indeed just succeeded in hiding him self in time to avoid detection, he had never discovered any purpose in her peregrinations. She went out, usually taking the same direction, and came home again; and, at the present rate, a year might elapse and Joe none the wiser. He stood at his window, star ing at the sinking moon, lamenting his impotence, when suddenly he dis tinguished a patch of flickering light thrown on to the garden bed, which a few moments before looked quite black. What did that light signify ? Well, it seemed to point to the fact that some one was in the kitchen, apparently making up a blazing fire there. How could Joe obtain a view of this apartment he was so familar with? After a few minutes' reflection, he formed his plans, and, taking one or two useful implements, set forth to carry them out. At the side of the house was a win dow, that of the scullery, and before it a kind of sunk area. Into this Joe descended; but not only was the win dow shut-its green cotton blind was drawn down. Otherwise, he might have easily commanded a view of the kitchen, there being a door between it and the scullery, which was seldom closed. But he dared not open the window, lest Owen should hear. Taking a chisel from his pocket, he passed it deftly round the pane, cut ting deep into the putty on three sides, and holding it in position with his ex tended fingers whilst he loosened the fourth. Ho next removed the pane of glass, laying it carefully upon the edge of the area, and, putting his chisel away, took out a razor. Whilst he pressed its keen edge against the blind he held his breath. The noise of the incision might attract atten tion; Owen might even be looking his way at the moment the blade pene trated. For that it was Owen in the kitchen he felt no doubt whatever. The sound of flames reached Joe's ears; what were they intended to de stroy ? One cut downwards an inch long, two at right angles, and a flap was formed, which he lost no time in drawing back. His right eye imme diately sought the hole. He could command a full view of one half the kitchen. Watching the flames, Owcn stood, his arms folded, his face lighted by the fire, wearing ani expression of loathing and disgust. After disappearing a moment, he re-entered Joe's field of vision, carry ing a large brown paper parcel, which he flung into the grate, afterwards pressing it down with the tongs. Again he disappeared, this time re turning with a bottle; uncorking it, he emptied the contents upon the fire, starting back alertly as the flames burst forth with renewed vigour. Owen's profile stood out distinct and clear as he sat upon one corner of the plain deal table, his arms folded, his lips firmly set, until the flames grew smaller and the shadows danced more weirdly on the ceiling and walls, and at last they grow dim, and died out altogether. Then Owen left the kitchen, and Joe quietly opened the window and entered it. But though he lighted a candle and raked over the ashes, he could discover nothing to afford a clue to their origin. It was an hour later when he made his exit, as much at a loss as ever, but not before placing the pane of glass at the bottom of the area, and cautiously setting his foot upon it. Perhaps Mrs. Oawdrey would imagine that it. had fallen out; at all events, with all her watchfulness, she would scarcely suspect Joe of its removal. (To be continued/. 