. ANECDOTES FROM DEAN' ""STANLEY'S LIFE. i'- »! - r ThcLifcand Correspondence ofArthur, Pen rhyn Stanley, D.D., Latc Dean of Westminster, published by Mr. John Murray, and . written by Mr. Rowland E. Prothero, the new editor of the Quarterly Review , is full of good- things. From notices of the. book published by London contemporaries to hand by tho mail just, de livered we make some extracts. Jn 1863 Stauley had the. first of two inter views with Pope Pio Nquo, who, we are told, resisted;" with dignified-courtesy any attempfc to kiss, his.. hand, and pressed us down upon the chairs, \ybero we sat during the colloquy. Some thing had been said to him by Monsignor Talbot, who introduced us, about my having been with the Priuce of Wales to tho cast, and this caused him to speak of tho Royal family of England. It was, remarkable that ho never could re member the title or name of the Prince of Wales. He called bira Prince George, and after ono or two futile attempts I dropped tho effort to set him right, and spoke always of the Prince Royal of England. He spoke of the Queen, and said that she had lately hAd .a groat misfortune in being upnfit out of her. car riage iu the Highlands. I replied, 'Yes ; bub her chief- misfortune has been that she. has lately lost ber excellent husband.' 'Ab, yosl' he said, that may be; but nevertheless it is a great misfortune to bo upset out of your car riage. ' "Ho spoko also of Oxford, and desoribed, on tho name being mentioned to him, Faber., I do. not think any of the other Oxford names werd familiar to him. I montioned Samuel Wilber- force, the bishop; but he only. said, 'Ah 1 Wil- bcrforce ! ho is oho of tho Oxford professors.' The bishop on lioariug this afterwards was ex tremely indignant and said, 'It shows the ignorance of the man.' He finally said, 'You know Pusey? When you meet . him give him this messago from me— that I compare lrira to a boll, which Always sounds to invite tho faithful to church and itself always remains out side.' "... Stanley used tb tell the following story of Lord Macaulay : — " Surely (he says) it must be a greats disadvantage to Macaulay never to acquiro any information from conversation. For I do not See how he ever can. A remarkable proof o5this, I thought, occurred this morning. Miiues was here and was speaking of. tho Mus sulman tradition- which I had lnehtioned to him as existing in Egypt, iihd which Layard had confirmed sb existing equally in Mesopotamia, that, the fate of Islam required that it should bo. nt last superseded by ObrU- tianity. Macaulay .was, with great diffi culty,-,. '.induced to let MilncB . state bis case at a!!. Tho moment ho had done so he burst forth iuto a torrent of reasous why it was impoasiblo to believe it In a momentary ces sation I ventured to say that Sir Charles Travel- yan had told me that he also had never mot a Mussulman in iudia who had not the samo con viction. I never heard anything of the kind tho whole timo I was in India.' 'No, 'thought I to myself, 'it is not likoly that you. ever should,' if you talked as ihuch and heard as littlo in India as you do hore.' " ... The story of Stanley's government of West minster Abbey is a part of the history of our times. . His biographer says that his ignorance of financo and incapacity for business marred the eompletonQts of his efficiency as Dnnn. Mr. Locker . Lampson illustrates this by a Btory "I was telling him that the musician Hallo's cook had lately won a good round sum of money in a lottery with the number 23. Hall6 was interested, and asked her how she came \o fix ton so lucky a number. 'Oh ! sir,' she said, ' I had a dream. I dreamt of number seven, I dreamt of it threo times, and as throe tirhes seven' makes twenty-three, I chose that number, sir.' When I had concluded thy atory I ob served a wistful expression oh Arthur's coUntoh- ance, as if . he were roady, nay, anxious to be amused, but could not for the life of him. quite manage it. Then suddenly his faoe brightened, and he said, but hot without a tinge of dejec tion, Ah, yc9, I aee;: yes, I flupp030 throe times sevon is not 23."? Stanley was with Lord Bcaconsfield (then Mr. Disraeli) at Marlbnrough House to mebt the Czar in 1874:— "When the company .'rose to .leave the lunblifeoh room, Mr. Disraeli come down from his lofty position and passed in front of. the place where Stanley and Mr. Gladstone were standing. Ho turned to his political rival and Baid, in allusion to tho latter?s absenco from Parliament, with a mixture bf comedy artd tragedy expressed on hid oouiiteharico; 'YoU must come back to us ; indeed, Wo cannot pos sibly do without ymi.' Mr. Gladstone, with more than usual severity, anaweredi ( There are things possible, And there are things impossible. Updh this Disraeli thrived to m'e, as the h'earest representative of the public .present, and said, YoU see what it is — tho wrath, tho inexorable wrath of Achilles. '" The Dean applauded tho assumption Of thb title of Empress of India by . tho Queen, and thought that it would produce a great effect on the native). ' HO Whs an hdmVrcr of Lord Bcaconsfield; and the Queen was much pleased with the. sermon which he preached after his death.- Het Majesty wrote to him thus oh the occasion : — " Dear Dean, — Thahk yon vory much for your sympathy ih tlie loss of my dear, great friend, Whose death on Tuesday has completely overwhelmed hie. His devotion ahd kludrieSs to me, his wise Counsels, his great gentleness combined with firmness, his one thought of the honor and glory Of the cOuntr/, tmd hit un swerving loyalty to tho throne, make the death of my dear Lord Beaoohbfield a uatiofial calamity. My grief ie great and lasting. I know he would wish, to rest with the wifo he loved so Well, and not in Westminater Abbey, whbre,. hbwOVer, I Am anxious that a monu ment should be erected to his memory. "V.R. AND I." On his flrit arrival at Rugby, tooh after the great Dr. Arnold had assumed the rein's, Stanley was regarded na a lad of exceptional ability by. both the masters uhd boys. Mr. H. G. Alien, lato member for tho Pembroke Boroughs, gives tho following description of him At 13.:— "I well remember thb report Of a new boy of great tAlCnis having joihfld Us, who was likely soon to pass over the heads Of,, his cont'emporaVioo, and the intereit with which his first appearaooo at out house . and In the school was .regarded. He was then 13 years of age, short oif stature, of slight frame, small, and delicate features, with the. geutie, amiable expression wlticll marked him \intil the close of his life. His general appoarance was feminine, And obtained for ium tne passing niclcname of 'Nanoy.' I recall him aroused in a round, blue, many but toned jacket arid grey trousers, adorned by a piri , watch ribbon, b'oilVg somewhat eArlieV thau the general run of b'oys hero are trUntcd with wAtches. . HU . manners were as gfentle as his AppearaU'ce indicated. He Was shy And timid, but full of vivacity when accosted, and it was boon p'erCblvtd that his Attainments and poWeri rather exceeded titan fell short of the report of them which had "circulated among Us." . This is hU .account of his first impressions, fiom which it will be seen that the '/mbrAl tone" of Arnold's Rugby was hot perfect: — " My study was A small, comfortable room, with a table And two chair's; but as it w'&s; in tho yard, and the boys might throw water or any thing elso in At the window, I thought it best to change to ono upstairs. Wo had bread And cheese for supper. The bell rang for us at 9.45, Aud at 10 o'clock wb Wfero all in bed. Now, don't yoU expect abm'e dreadful story of pulling tdeA, &U.;? I am Afraid tA'AiUmA And yod will bo veiy much 'disappointed, for I slept very quietly all night. I think tho only misery I have en dured is that this night tlie bo/s have bOeii smoking me with burnt paper through tho cracks in the door. My study is not yet what I call comfortable working. All tho books are on the float; nud there is no other place to put thfeitt till I gut my bookeahO. As to collars, pray bring them with. 3fou, for, though they ale uot so neOea&ary; as hats, yet I should liko to have them very much. Tut first advice about my hat was, 4 put your iiame iu it, or you will havo it bagged' — which means stoleh; ahd as sooh As I got to School, Keep your books oloae, and havo your name in them, or they'll be bagged iu a mirth te.' " How great his irtfluence was, even as An undergraduate, is shown by the fact that before the appointment of Dr. Hampdvn ton bishopric, Ldrd Melbourne caused him to be consulted ns to the general estimation id which Hampdeh was held in thb university — a rare distinction certainly for a youth of 13: — "There is still extant a private lottor, signed.E. J. Stanley, written from Downing-street by the Seetotaty to the Treasury on 8th February, to Arthur Stanley, asking him to slato 'what tho opinion is respecting the supposed corapotitora. How. Hampden Stands as a scholar and a divine ? Who is generally, considered as most fitted for the situation? What nAtnes are mentioned V Asking frtrther 'for '-your own Opinion of com parative merits, And also of tbo feeling of tho plaoe.? It is not often that An undergraduate is consulted, even indireotly, by a Prime Minister! Tho substance ot his answer caii bo gathered from the extracts from his letters which follow. It is said to have elicited a con cise eulogy from Lord Melbourne.?' . Of. StAnlby's intercourse with his pupils an interesting accouut. is given by Mr. Bull, A scholar of Umvorsity College while Stanley was n Fellow there:— "In his privAte relations to his pupils he was delightful. There was, first, the.breakfasfc party, with the amused wonder as to whom yoq. would meet, And What you would find tp.qat. For his choice of ghosts was pebu- UAr. ' "As m After . lite he dqlighted' to bring' extremes together At hit table— the high cburch Attd ey-nrfgolical, the' Orthodox professor and the essayist And: reviewer — so. in these' college days vJie ; would invite the steady hard working- scholar , to meet the somewhat irfegul'a'r Athletic commoner, whose talk was of spotfc And gA'me&. Not that he did uot know tbera to be oxtremeV ! He knew it well for ho had A fine sense of humor ; but he thought it well for .All men to be acquainted. And gene rally hih. gehiality and resource made things go well." There were, howovcr, times Wh'ert tho incongruous elements refused to amalgamate, and when even his spirits would flag. It was oh one of-tlicse occasions that ho Suddenly remem bered it was the anniversary of (I think) the battle of MarAthoii, Which he proclaimed to us with a flesh of delight; ntul then began a BtVfeam of ati'scdote and narration whioh turned the dull beginning into a brilliant success." AVe have several auccdotes of Lord Beacons- field. Stanley was with him at luncheon at Marlborough HouSe to meet the Czar in 1874 ; " When the compauy rose to leave the luncheon ; room, Mr. Disraeli as he then was, came down from hifl lofty positioh and passed in front of the place where Stanley and Mr. Gladstone we're standing. He turned to his political rival and said, in allusion to the latter's absonce from Parliament, With a mixture of comedy and tragedy expressed on his counte nance, 'You must come bsOk to us ; indeed, we cannot pOBgibly do without you.' Mr. Glad stone, with more than uaual severity, answered, 'There are .tilings possible and there are things impossible.' Upon this Disraeli turned tome, &9 the nearest representative of tho public present, and said, ' You see what it . is — the wrath, the inexorable wrath of Achilles.'" 