* . B^C IPS;'*- "' How easy-it is in-West-end-London to hobe clothed on .redit. Miss Edyth Halliday, a youngy'ady of 25, of no occupatiofin, anid with no visible means of suibsistence, lias just passed her examination in '"bankruptcy with £2000 liabilities, and ' no assets.' Her unpaiid dressmakers' and tailors' hills reached £930, her gloves totted up to £24 (in two years), boots 'to £53, jewellery to'£54, photos to £60, and she also ran up a littleo ' wine bill' to the aimount of £24. , As a magnificent vessel, the pro perty of the P. and 0. Company was steaming into Southampton harbour, a grimy coatl lighter floated imme diately in front of. it. An officer on board the vessel observing this shouited, 'Cloar out of the way with that barge.. The lightermaft, a.nativo of the Emoerald Isle, shouted in reply, ' Are ye the captain of that 'vessel?' 'No,' answered the officer. 'Then spake to yer aiquals,' said Pat; 'I'm theo captain.of this.' Many peop ?are unaware, says an English conte porary, that 30 of the free-publie lib?aries lend pieces of in strumental music. *Every free library should follow this. excellent example. A piece of music is of more value than a trashy. novel. :A great piece of music-one of :'Beethoven's sonatas,. for instance-stands on a level with the sublimest works of genius in any other department', of intellect. In Leipsig-a moderately-sized German town-there is a free musio library con taining over 15,,000 musical works. Protests' against the then existing order of things have been usual throughout all the ages. In a pam phlet pitblished in 1549, entitled : 'Tho Complaynt'of Scotland,' the fol lowing appears :-'I may be com pared,' says Labour, 'to the dull ass compelled to bear an insupport able burden, for I am kicked and goaded to get me to do the thing that is above my power. I labour night and' day to nourish lazy, idle, useless men, and my. reward is hunger and tho sword. The worst wolves are lords that havo lands as a loan from God and lot them to rent payers.' A Scotch resident of Melbourne, now on' tour, :has a. reputation for never expriessing surprise at anything. Ho was last reported from Niagara Falls, whore a friend observed, 'Can you imagine anything more wonderful than that great mass of water tumbling down there ? ..;" 'Aye !' said our fel low-colonist. *"' It wa'd be much mair wondorfu' if it waswtumbliu' up.' A. cruel fashion has just boon stopped in the 'United States by the Society for the Prevention of. Cruelty to Animals. It was that of wearing little green lizards tethered by a gilt chain to the dross, or-in the case of the ' dude '-rto: the scarf-pin. The craze began-at the Chicago 'Exhibi tion," and a .brisk trade was driven, first' at 75 con,, aind.afterwards, when competitioi..grew:aouto7.'Wit 27. The poor little reptiles were never fed, and after an entertainment some half a dozen or more could be soon dead on ladies' dresses. An interesting aneoodote is being told of the late Mr. Aynsley Cook's appearance in an American law court as a basso. Ho .was, it is said, in his early career engaged for an American .tour. After a few weeks the ' ghost' ceased to' walk, and the manager was sued by an irate creditor, who pleaded that the manager was to blame for having engaged so poor a company. This the manager denied, and asked leave to send for the 'least known member' of. the company, that he might sing to.the Court. Mr. Ayns loy Cook was selected, and sang ' The Village Blacksmith' in a way that fairly took.the Court by storm. The Judgeo dismissed the suit, maiking a jocular remark about the creditor's musioal educatiton having boon sadly neglected. The will of the late Mr. George W. Ohilds, of Philadolphia, which has just boon made public, is (says the -Daily Chronriol) a romarkablo docu ment. In the first. place, although disposing of property valued at more than £1,000,000, it covers but one sheet of paper, and contains but oneio bequest; and further, this short docu riont is made the vehicle for a compli ment unique in dharactor, and a mark of confidence to his wife. This tributo to his wife finds expression in the fol lowing words :-' Having full confi dence that she, knowing my plans and purposes, will, by gift during her lifo, or by testamentary writing, make such disposition thereof for charitable or other uses as will be in accordance with my wishes, I leave all my pro perty, real and personal, to her, un fottored by condition of any kind.' A writer in a London paper re marks :-My attention has boon called to a "matter of importance to those employed as monumental masons, On most articles sold in this country, such as matches, lamp glasses, pencils, &o;,, the name of the plaoo whore they are inmanufactured is given. But in his trade, my correspondent says, monu meants of every description aro im ported from Italy, and sold to oeus tomors as being made in England, thereby depriving English masons and labourers of work. Now that the Government is spending a good deaonl of money on technical education, it is somowhat of a mockery that cuse trmoro should not know whether they are buying foreign or English sculp. ture, and that a man, after bestowing much pains on propnring for his work, should find that there was little or no work for him. 