THE INDUSTRIAL OUTLOOK. TnE Jiosition of affairs in and around Newcastle, so far as our principal in dustry is concerned, is far from cheer ing, and it behoves all concerned to look matters squarely in the face. A calculation has been made that at the end of this week the total number of workiess miners within the bounds of the district will be about 960. The idleness of so many miners means the throwing of many other workers out of employment. But the number above stated is more than a fourth of that on tho books of the Miners' Association. Doubtless, the principle of solidarity would, in times of brisk trade, have the effect of making pos sible the support of a quarter of the number of members of the.union by the remaining three-quarters. But when it is remembered that many of the proprietaries are suffering from slackness of trade, it is evident that the task of supplying heavy levies for the support of idle men falls with pecu liar hardship upon men who are loyal to the principles of unionism. The outcome of such a condition of affairs is difficult to foresee. That a quick solution of the diflfcultioe now staring thousands of local people in the face is necessary will not be disputed. When a condition of affairs exists in which there is little difference between the income of those who derive it froin their own labour and that of people who receive allowances contributed by others, there is always a tempta tion placed before those who are working to be included in the category of those receiving strike allowance. Even as matters now stand a motion has been sent to the district from the Glebe Lodge to the effect that the employed members of .the association should have at least the same amount as members in receipt of strike allow ance before being compelled to pay strike levies. Few will be found to dispute the justice of such a conten tion. If a man has to support another he ought at least to be possessed of as much income as will be received by the person to be ,.benefited. If minors not on the strike roll, and who are earning less. than the allowance given, to men on the strike roll, are nevertheless paying levies to the strike fund, a very undesirable state of affairs is in existence. That it is in existence must, however, be Presumed from the motion sent to the distriot by the Globe miners, who it may reasonably be judged would not have taken the trouble to take such action unless they had reason to do so. The motion sent to the district from the Back Creek miners is also one which ought to be seriously considered before any hasty action thereon is taken. That motion roads as fol lows :--" That we approach the pro prietors for an advance of ls per ton on the hewing rate, and in the event of a refusal, the whole distriot be called out on strike." Now, it will be universally admitted that an ad vance of that amount would be ex ceedingly desirable-if it could be obtaiced. But wofear-and thatofear will, doubtless, be participated in by thousands of clear-headed miners that the present is a most inop portuno time for endeavouring to enforce a demand by a general strike. No sensible person would, advocate such a course unless there was some regular pro vision for supplying the needs of those affected by it. Naturally, members of the Miners' Association would look to their society for financial aid in a time of general idleness., That is to say, some 4000 men and boys would have to be supported from a fund composed mainly of two fixed deposits of no great amount, and one of which will have to be cashed at a considerable discount. There have recently been many warnings of the inad. visableness of regarding employment at particular occupations as a cer tainty undeo all circumstances, It is very evident that the number of people unemployed throughout the Australasian colonies is largo, and that the necessity of existing will tempt many men to take work where ever it is offoring. A total of nearly £5000 was paid out as strike allowance during the quarter ended last month, and, if a general strike were rashly entered upon, all would claim the benefit o0 an allow ance, while there would be nono to contribute to the fund, It will thus be soon that the course of action aug. gested by the Back Crook lodge could load to no good result, and that the state of afflirs would be made worse instead of bettor. The present is undoubtodly a time for the enunciation of wise counsels, and for making the best instead of the worst of the eh'oumstances of the position, There can le no doubt that the time has now long since gone by for Nowcastlh coal to be regarded us one quality, to be sold at oni price, and to be worked at the uiimo rates. Every propniotary now is ondeavour. ing to naco the best of the quality of its coal, its local cirnmstannces and its ability to produce at the lowe"" ..us sible cost. Where pits are idle ,og to disputes between the propriwrs and the men, a strenuous endeavour should be made to arrive at a reason able settlement, so that work may be resumed wtthout delay, and the funds of the association relieved from the task of .supporting large numbers of idle men for long periods. Dependence upon the Miners' Associatiou for strike allowance means dependence by one body of men upon other working men who have a hard enough fight with the circumstances of their own position without being saddled with the responsibility of maintaining hundreds of their brethren for many weary months. The coal trade is not what it was in years gone by, and things which would for merly be done successfully are not possible of accomplishment now. The probability is that the Victorian mar ket will soon be practically closed to our trade, owing to the development of the local coalmines and the determi nation of the. Government of that colony to favour the industry in every possible way. We have to look more to the rates prevailing throughout the world than we had formerly to do, and the prices obtainable in distant markets must naturally regulate the earnings and profits obtainable here. Amid much that is black we should not fail to note whatever is bright in our lot. There has recently been a spurt of work throughout the district, and, although it has considerably slackened, there are still over 30 vessels in port. There is also a fair list of vessels to arrive within the next few months. When the large numbers of men and collieries in this quarter are taken into consideration it is evident that an enormous demand would be necessary to keep them all in constant employment. But it is very desirable that every effort should be made to obtain work for all desirous of getting it, and of clearing away all obstacles to the attainment thereof. When that is done we can go with a clear mind to the Government and ask that the State should proceed without delay with all public works which are neces sary to be done locally. This is no time for delay, for many poor people know not what the next week will bring to them, and should, as soon as possible, be free from the load of anxiety which oppresses them. A settlement of the difficulties now ex isting, and the provision of fresh work by Government or others, ought to make a difference for the better in the industrial position, and it is hoped that both these results will be schieved at no distant date. Tom arrangements which are now being made between Britain and Japan with regard to a new treaty of commerce are important enough to engage the attention of all who are interested in the trade of the Orient. For many years past the British have had much to do with the people of Japan, and have profited largely by the peaceful relations which have existed between the two count-iss. Among one of the blessings (pos sibly a doubtful one) which Britain has con ferred upon Japan is a navy of considorable strength and etilcieney, with the knowledge to turn it to account, as has been well illus trated during the last few months by its effect upen the Chinese warships. It is hoped that the friendly relations betweon the two countries will long continue, and that Japan may yet obtain from England greater bless ings than a few costly ironclads and instrue tion how to send the navies of other countries to the bottom. But the London inaes, in a recent article on the subject, states that Japan would socept reciprocal terms of com moerce, provided that her people were ad mitted as immigrants to the British colonies on terms of equality with European imnd grants. If this were accomplished it would be possible, in the opinion of the Tian, to establish a great trade between the colonies and Japan. This is of course a mat ter of much greator importance to the colonies than to Britain, to the people of whom, notwithstanding all thetthey road about it, the land of the hMikado is somewhat of a geographical expression. Doubtless, when the British are ready and willing to have the Japanese competing with them on their own soil in every branch of industry and commerce, the people of the colonies will be prepared to permit the ox. istenae of a similar stats of things on their ground. Nothing could be fairer than this, Buct we fail to sce why the Japanese should make complaints as to the reception they now receive in Australia, for a consider able number of them. are in Queonsland, and many come in without lot or hianl. raencetothoSouthornoolonias, Theyalreadyar, rcre here on torms of equality with European immigrants. Whether an immigration on a very largo scala would be permitted for an unliaited period is, howeyor, .quite another neatter. This question Is as much a subject of interest to the toether land as to the people of Australia, for Britaila would on the whole prefer to have this country a British colony than a Chinese or Japanese one, That is the chief objection with regard to the sub. jeot broached by the Times; for, after all, the social aspect of the matter is of quite as much importance as the commercial one, Tue Witch of, Endoi*, if her spirlt could come bade from the vasty deop, would find good business in Sydey at the present time, The visli of Mrs, Baacr, and her enunciation of hoec belief in these wonderful creatures, the Mahatma--who are almost too good for this slnful world, and could not live in the moral miasma of the metropolis of New South W l?so-has evidently aroused many people to loch around for "creepy things with wingas" and to consult familler spirits that peop and mutter, Notwlthstanil lag that Parliament is sltting, the season must be a silly one Indeed when it setm be supposed that the isolde are profoundly intorosted in the goings-on of sisirits tihat can be conjured up only by nundiumca whose uxertlons in that direc tion are so great iss to bring them almost to the point of oxhaustiona-speoelsly when thiir doings are deiootud to be more nlaterial thars lpruittual, Into the sonirovwrsy it would be useless to enter, as the people of Newesetlo are in general inatter-of-fact folk, with a pronounced Sadduocean bent in respect of the ordinary and normal type of spirit. Bot certain statements are made which on the face of them are not particularly conducive to belief on the part of an intelligent publio. At one of the soances a spirit who answered to the very unromantio name of GnORDzE re visited the glimpses of the moon. The spirit, having been told that Mrs. BEsAsT was present, answered in what was termed very "throaty" Scotch: "Aye, I know: I knew't. Pleest t' mak your ac quaintance," and then bowed and went out of sight. Another lady spirit, who owned up to the name of Cissy, Spoke in very broken English, and in the course of her remarks uttered the werds "molecular interspaces" with considerable difficuly. What can be eaid about spirits who speak in broad Scotch, and are pleased to "mak" the acquaintance of the audience, without clearing up the mystery of where they have been,, and whether the weather there is cooler or otherwise than in Sydney? .And why could not, a spirit be produced which could speak its. lines in other than broken English ? These spiritual Geordies-with their "attenuated chest walls" and who thank people for "speerin' " about their health-and Cissies -who are not strong on polysyllables, but love boxes of chocolate-are much too like human flesh and blood to please the generality of the people. If the tiydney mediums could only get the ghosts of WnILLIAe S-AKESPEARE, Or JULIUS OC~sAn, Or JoHO MILTON to visit this sublunary sphere and favour visitors with a little conversation for a quarter of an hour greater interest would be taken by the public and more money by those who run the show. 