SPECTACLES. T. R. PROCTER, Oculist Optician, from Melbourne, now on a short visit to Hobart, j Measurements for spectacles taken daily. I No. 3, Millers'-chtrnbers. To MAxtwAoTuitE "SPIRITS" Photo OHAPils. -How photographs of to called spirits are manufactured is explained by the South Australian Register : - " There are two tricks by which these apparently wonderful ghost pictures can be produced so as to present a realistic effect. One is to give to the photographic negative half an exposure in front of some poison masquerade ing in a white sheet, and afterwards to complete the exposure in front of some ordinary sitter. The tflVcl is somewhat startling, for the form of the second bitter can he distinctly seen through the figure of the first. The second trick is to insert in the camera, a piece of glass on which has been marked beforehand the outline of the ghostly figure, not in visible paint, but in bi-sulphite of quinine or some other fumes cent invisible solution. The effect of this is that, while the shape painted on the glass is entirely unobserved by the, person taking the photograph, it a (Tee of the sensitive plate and produces all the appearance of of some shadowy being in front of the (stores of those who may happen to be before the camera at the time." As regards " the ? curious-looking baboon face of Geordie, looking out of a draped white sheet over the shoulder of a young woman, which appears as an illustration in Dr. McCarthy's article, even a slight knowledge of photography would enable anyone to detect that it is a fraud. The outline of the sheet against the figure of the woman 1 as plainly been produced by something of the nature of what is known as stopping out varnish, and while a shadow appears on the part of it there is none at all on another portion where one ought to be " A WESTRAIIAN'S WARNING The following letter has been published in the Times . -"St Stephens Club SAVE bcplwber26 Sir-As an old Australian, will you allow me to warn the public against the various companies connected with the name of the above colony, and to be very careful when they invest in ' A friend of mine, writing to me from the says -' There are some 42 schemes being prepaid! for the British public, and probably many more, and you may depend all the best mines will be kept here ' I can assure you, sir, that this sudden rush of companies on the London market will be of no use to Australia and only lead to loss and disappointment to investors, the only ones that will benefit being the vendors, company promoter, and stock- brokers For everything that is good there are plenty of funds available in Australia, and the banks have so much money that they have lowered the interest on deposits to 2 per cent for six months and 3 per rent for XI in in the, with a probable further reduction at a very early date I do sincerely hope that the people here will not lose their money at the colonists, but let them quietly and surely work out their own redemption, and prevent the likelihood of such another financial crisis is that of 180 1 -I am, Sir, your obedient servant, W. Howard Smith " A "IHviNy TASK" FOR THE GERUHNT FMIJ-non-"If we could only avert the fearful peril of a European war," observes the iicllioitat 'James, "wo should immediately enter upon such a period of prosperity and well being as the human race has never known before , ' and it remarks that the only serious obstacle to a policy of disarma- ment and peace " is France, and the only real difficulty in the case of France is to be found in the provinces which were transferred to Ge many at the close of the Franco- German war" Our contemporary proceeds -"Is it quite impossible to the young German Emperor to undo the fatal mistake of his grandfather There is reason to believe that if his gifted and humane father had lived he would have attempted the huge task There are significant and suggestive passages in his private diary which seem to imply that even when death was banning over him, the I emperor Frederick was dreaming of some great and heroic step by which he could turn the rage of France into grateful love. Assuredly if the gifted young man who sits on the throne of Germany to day were to catch the inspiration of the great idea of his sainted father he would achieve a fair immeasurably greater than any that has yet come to his illustrious race There would be far more courage in surrendering Alsace and Lorraine than in capturing them. Could that be done, the young German Emperor would become the greatest living benefactor of the human race, and he would boohcrished for over in the grateful memory of mankind. It would perhaps be impossible in the present state of human opinion to restore Alsace and Lorraine to France, but might not these provinces form additional canton of Switzerland, as was most wisely suggested by the President of the Swiss Republic at the close of the Franco- German war. In this way they would be more effectually neutralised than Luxemburg. It would be delightful if the Emperor could go a little further, and restore to France the purely French district of Lorraine. By some such method as this the military peril; of an invasion would be far more effectively averted than by the existing armed peace,, which involves some of the worst miseries of war." SPECTACLES.- CARTER & WERNER, Oculists' Opticians. ? Mr. Werner will test sights free, mornings at Hinsby & Olowor'g, Elizabeth-street ; afternoon and evenings, Victorian Court, Exhibition. THE MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS MR. CRAWFORD AT WARE-STREET. Mr. W. T. M oVilly presided over a well attended meeting held at the Ware- street schoolroom last evening, called for the purpose of hearing Mr. Crawford's views on municipal matters. Mr. CRAWFORD expressed his pleasure at being permitted to address those present. He stated that already rents had been, reduced by 20 per cent during the past few months. Therefore he would, support a readjustment of the assess- ment. No working man should be collected upon to pay more than one day's wage for rent. Readjustment would bring down the rents, and yet the receipts from rates would not be diminished ; perhaps increased. He' did not believe in the assessment appeals, for those going to the Appeal Court were snubbed. Unless a certain class of men go to the Council who will see that justice is done no alteration will be etT'cLod. [A VOICE: "They put more on now."] Referring to sanitary matters, he would have junctions put into every blind creek and flush the creeks once or twice a work, where necessary, with water from the mains, and this would keep the town in a healthy condition. A VOICE : " Where are you going to get the money '!"] The sewage of the city should go into the river. This was done in Dunedin but under greater disadvuuruats. The city of Hobart was not in a position to under- take underground drainage. He was not afraid to spend It his mind, as he regretted' many poor fi Rows were, and he would, therefore, call upon them to do their duty at the ballot box. (Lienr, hear ) He would do away with cobble gutters as such, and use them for foundations of concrotosoas to prevent the lodgment of poisonous germs and the growth of weeds. and so lessen, if not entirely prevent the spread of fevers and diphtheria, due, doubtless, to cobble gutters. Speaking on the indebtedness of the Corporation, he was grieved to notice the large amount of borrowed money upon which the ' ratepayers had to pay interest. With the debt hanging over them, and the amount of money at their disposal lia considered the Corpora tion should have the proceeds of publicans,, auctioneers, and pawnbroker's' license which now amount to £3,000 per annum. This' would relieve the financial pressure considerably Nowhere but in Tasmania would such a state of things be tolerated. (Hear, hear.) If they objected to them, why did they not alter them when the time came !" There were too few men in the city able to say as he could that he would do his work so easily and fairly if returned, for he had no interest apart from this to serve. In reply to citizens, Mr. CRAWFORD said he would use his best energies to procure an improved water supply, drinking fountains and troughs, and public conveniences. He was strongly in favour of the Corporation publishing in the newspapers an annual balance-sheet. The city should certainly be divided into wards, but it must not be for- gotten that an opportunity of doing so occurred some time ago which the) citizens failed to seize. When the ratepayers were- in a position to bear the burden of deep . drainage he would advocate it. Was averse to plural voting. Would do his utmost to' make Ware-street a through street, but if returned he reminded them that he had the interests of the whole city at heart, and no particular part. Mr. JOHNSTON proposed, and Mr. ROBIN BO') seconded,-" 'That Mr. Crawford is a fit and proper person to represent the citizens in the City Council." Carried. Those present were thanked by the candidate for a patient hearing, and the meeting concluded with the usual compliment to the chair. Are you troubled with Corns? If so. It is your own fault, when a bottle of TOILER MAGIC CORN SOLVENT will quickly remove them' without pain or inconvenience. Tol"Lis AND RUSHTON, Pharmaceutical Chemists, angle of Elizabeth and Liverpool streets, Hobart, 