OUR NOVEL. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED the sword of fate, BY HENRY HERMAN. Author of " Through Golden Fire," " Scarlet Fortune," His Angel," "Eagle Joe," " For Old Virginia," " The Great Beck leswaithe Mystery," No. Joint Author of " The Silver King," 3 Chu dian," " One Traveller Returns," of. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. -+ CHAPTER XIII. Mark TJsselby was installed at TJssolbj Grange. The law had handed over to his mercies the fortunes of his brother's family and his brother's property. Frank, with his blood boiling, had asked for but forty-eight hours to make his preparations, and at the end of that time had taken temporary lodgings for himself and his dear ones at the Three Jolly Boat- men Inn. Mrs. TJsselbj, who was still ailing, had firmly determined to take up her residence in the village of Crowthorne, to be as near as possible to her husband, but, of course, many arrangements had to be made before she could journey to Berk- shire. Frank saw no way out of his difficulty but to go to London, or at least to one of the big towns, for the purpose of starting a new career. He was clever with his pen, and had contributed articles on political subjects to newspapers, and essays to magazines and reviews, and, wonderful to say, he had been paid for some of these. Besides that, he was expert in chemistry. He was undecided which of these vocations to take up for a livelihood. Grace had an aunt living at Tavistock and could easily find a home there if she wanted one. She would have been eager to follow Mrs. TJsselby to Berkshire, but an instinctive feeling which was not to be denied prompted her that she ought to remain in the neighbourhood of the supposed crime. If ever relief was to come ; if ever a gleam was to break the darkness, the light of hope would have to be kindled in the vicinity of the Old Rosemary. Thus driven this way and that, and keeping her own council with an aching heart, Grace as yet had come to no decision. When Mark walked into TJsselby Grange it was like a house of the dead. If a thousand hopes had be blasted there, if a hundred hearts had lain buried there, if lives without number had been wrecked there, it could not have been more silent or gloomy, in spite of the bright autumn morning sun which streamed about the place and rippled and danced upon the window panes. The shutters were all closed ; the curtains drawn. With one accord every servant, from the housekeeper to the last boy of all work, had left the place. Frank had explained to them the position in which he and his mother were placed, and had offered them two months' wages in lieu of notice. Many of the servants had been at TJsselby Grange for a dozen or a score of years ; some had been born there. With blanched faces and their eyes streaming with tears, they had one and all refused to take a penny, and offered their services as long as ever they might be wanted, without remuneration. " We will follow you and mistress to the end of the world, if we have to starve on the road," said one of the old retainers. 41 Don't talk of paying us." Frank suggested that no doubt the new master of TJsselby would be glad to keep some of them. He could not live in the place without servants, and it was known that he had none. The kitchen and garden would require attention even if the house were neglected. But they all vowed that they would rather break stones in the road than work for the usurper. They would stay with their dear master and mistress, or seek their fortunes elsewhere. I But, alas, but two could be kept Grace's maid-for Grace had small means of her own, and was able to afford a servant and a maid for Mrs. TJsselby; and the heart-broken dependants waited to see their mistress and master leave their former home in a hired carriage, and An hour afterwards they all walked out of the place, taking every creature, from a dog to a hedgehog and a canary with them. The horses had previously been sent to the Great Griffin stables. Mark was master of TJsselby Grange, but all the country round resented his intrusion as a shameful crime. He was nearly lyne lied when one afternoon he left the Griffin Mine offices without his agent's protecting company, and wherever he went he saw nothing but scowling faces and threatening looks. He heard himself a "Jan Vaggus" and a long cripple," and not understanding it to be Devonshire for "robber" and " vice " was not fully aware of the embittered feeling which was abroad against him until half a score of handsful of mud and stones flung at him, warned him of what he had to expect in the future. It was only Hnncoat's peremptory influence which had enabled him to find the single servant, half deaf old Dan, who for the time being waited upon him. " Nobody would steal anything out of the place," Huncoat had said, and one servant was all that he had sent. In the first exultation over his new fortune he had treated Nellie as he had always done, with selfishness and heart lessness. " Shall I come with you in the girl had suggested timidly; and he had replied with a gruff " What for?" " 1 though I might be of some use to you down there," Nellie had said; and he had retorted almost brutally, " Of what use can you be I'll send for you when I want you." Nellie had bitten her lips and been silent, and she was then in London still playing from morning till night in that theatre wardrobe room. Now he wished with all his heart that he had brought her with him. She was seated in her ways and cooked better than Dan. She always had a smile on her face, % and he had seen so few people smile ' lately. Not that he had the slightest wish to see that people about him should be happy, but somehow or other Dan was always grunting and growling. He dared not go outside the gates. The Devonshire country folk are slow and stolid, and not easily aroused to do unlawful acts, but Mark bore on his head and back the still painful wounds made by the stones which had been flung at him, and he know full well that if he ventured abroad without Huncoat's protection he would meet with but little mercy at the hands of the enraged miners who he himself employed. The whole countryside was seething with indignation about the way in which Ralph's family had been treated, and Hillcoat's loudly expressed sympathy with his former employers kept the excitement at a boiling point. If ever a man was miserable amid the glories of a great house, and with many of the signs of weather and comfort surrounding him, that person was Mark. He had ordered all his letters to be addressed to the office of the Great Griffin Mine, thinking that it would be safer, and that he would get them more quickly; and Huncoatreligiously detained them one and all. " Let him stew timbers in his worries for a few days," the Wrong agent had said to himself " It will take much of the conceit out of him, and give him a proper sense of his own humbleness." Mark had asked Dan, the Chaff deaf old man-of-all-work, to get him the papers and Dan had brought him the (Plymouth Mercury, dated four months back. Upon this, Mark had flown into a temper and called the old man an ass. If the o goest ragging I, I'll go home along," said the old man, and went to the kitchen to fetch his coat; whereupon Mark, being dreadfully afraid of being left alone, protested that he did not mean what he had said. " Well," said Dan, " but dont thee bullying I no more. I dont like no bob- series nor no grumpy folks' and Mark had to make up his mind to be very civil indeed. He would walk about the deserted rooms like a ghost in search of a dead secret. He stood looking at his brother's portrait, and a creepy, uncanny sensation came over him, and he thought Ralph looked at him threateningly from the canvas, and that the eyes followed him; and he retreated from the room. He barely dared to enter the bed-chamber, with its great oaken four-poster, and the big brass fire dogs. Solid, inert things seemed to him to move towards him, and he would shake his head, and pretend to laugh at his folly. Then he would stroll out on the lawn, now unrolled and uncut and into the garden where the flowers already dropped for want of water and attention. But even God's lovely sunshine seemed cheer- less to hire, and he would return and walk into the big kitchen anything, anything for a change. There, Dan, solitary in his glory of place, appeared to glare at him, and he would leave the place comfortless and uncomforted. If the days were dreadful, the nights were awful to the new lord of TJsselby Grange. He tried three sleeping rooms in succession, and in all of them he felt as if he were not alone. He would start up from an unrefresil- ing sleep and feel himself shivering. He would imagine he saw shadowy figures crawl about the place, and on more than one occasion he even thought he could feel impalpable icy fingers touching his flesh. Then he would jump up with his teeth chattering, and dress himself and walk about, making a sickly attempt all the while to laugh at his fears, and call himself a fool. For hours he would sit on his bed on his haunches and stare at the sky outside until it turned from steel to silver and from silver to gold. When the first streaks of morning edged the low-lying clouds with lines of fire, he would breathe more freely, and thank his stars that another night was over. Each bright, balmy day, brought new worry. He was shut off from the world. Huncoat did not come near him, although he had sent repeated messages to him, " I am extremely busy," was the raining agent's reply, " and shall be a few days. You are surely very comfortable at the Grange, and I will come to you the moment this immediate pressure is over." "For heaven's sake send me another servant, and send ran a London paper," Mark had written, and the mining agent, relenting a little, had sent a lad. The boy brought with him the latest London paper, and Mark pounced upon it as a hawk might rush upon a dove, and carried it to the morning room. On the first day after his arrival in Devonshire, Mark had already learned from the Stock Exchange reports in the papers, that his investment in the Jaunita Mine had' been profitable. The ten pound shares, which, when he staked his money, were quoted at one pound five, had risen under a sudden and surprising inflation, and they were then already quoted at five and a half. " They'll go up still higher : they'll go above par," Mark had said to himself. "I won't sell yet ; no, not yet," and he had waited as on pins for news concerning his venture. He turned quickly to the columns giving the information about money and stocks, and hardly believed his eyes when he saw Jaunitas quoted at twelve and a half. " I'll sell now," he said- " That will be between fifteen and sixteen hundred pounds I shall have to take. And that's my own, and not Ralph's and I can do with it what I like." He had kept a telegram form in his pocket, and now wrote a message to his brokers :-" Sell my Juanita and remit amount to my account, Old Bank, Tavi- stock. This he gave to the boy to take to the railway station, and he breathed a little more freely when he had despatched the order. "I am going to be lucky he said to himself, very lucky; I know I shall I am going to keep five hundred of that fifteen hundred for emergencies, and with the thousand I'll buy Argentines. I know I shall make a couple of thousand out of them in a few days, and then I'll go in for American railways. I know a trick worth two about them, and one can make a lot of money out of them and my two thousand will become five, and then ten and then fifty, and then a hundred and who knows, I may be a millionaire before the end of the year. At that moment his eye again fell upon the paper on the table, and he took it up. The first paragraph which attracted his gaze was headed, " Heavy Failure," and ran, " Messrs. Smiggs & Co., stock and share dealers, have suspended payment. Liabilities are estimated at £434,630, the assets £2,480. Mr. James Hiram Siniggs, the principal partner has left London, and his whereabouts are un- known." The paper dropped from Mark's trembling hand, and he sat open-mouthed and with staring eyes, like a stone statue. Suddenly he jumped up. " The thieves ! the robbers as' he cried. " My fifteen hundred pounds 1 I want ray fifteen hundred pounds. I'll go to London ; I'll make them pay me ; they shan't hear me." His hands clutched his sparse hair and dragged at it, and fully a quarter of an hour elapsed before even partial equanimity came to him again. The sun was standing high on the horizon and the shadows seemed to him to be blacker than ever he had seen them. He looked out upon the green sward, as if beneath the sod his lost gold were buried. Even as he sat there, a new fear shot into his mind. He had looked upon the estate and all the moneys coming from it as his own to deal with as he chose. A just providence had avenged his wrongs, and he had, he thought, very properly stepped into his brother's place. But now he trembled as a sudden terror spring upon him. He had paid much heed to Frank's words, " Be careful how you use it, for as sure as there is a God above, the time will come when you will have to account for every part of it." Now he remembered them in all their weight of threats, and he shivered as he remembered them. It flashed upon him on a sudden, that after all he might be called upon to give an account. He had staked his money a hundred times, and had lost it a hundred times, and had never thought himself unlucky, but always the victim of treacherous combinations of rogues - high placed rogues; but now, as he looked about him in his loneliness, he felt the oppressive silence weigh upon him as a token of ill-fortune. Not a soul to say a word of comfort, not a friendly tip to speak a word of cheer. It seemed to him as if all luck and happiness had departed from the Grange, and had left the place bleak, and chill, and gloomy. - He had always deemed Nellie an en- cumbrance, her goodness and self-sacrifice notwithstanding, but now he longed for her, and for the first time in his useless life be bethought himself of the many kindnesses he had received at her hands, and the thousands of attentive and unobtrusive services she had showered upon him. But the spirit of self was too strong, even at that moment. It was the right, after all, to be waited upon by his daughter, and she should come and wait upon him again. While the new master of TJsselby Grange sat shaking and scowling at himself on the terrace, and old countryman passed the gate, and stood still there. No sign of the lodge-keeper, who used to nod at people as they went by. No smoke curling from any of the chimneys. The weeds of grass already springing upon the gravel walk. Not even a dog ran in fog about. The old man wandered on, some twenty or thirty yards up the walk, and then turned back sorrowfully. " I can go in," he said to himself. " There be a curse on the played now. I be a poor man, but I can't change will' he in there or to be given the Grange an' mines an' all." CHATER XIV. If there was one person who was as proud as a peacock with a newly grown tail, and as happy as the proverbial child with her new doll by reason of Mrs. Usselby's and Frank's residence at the Three Jolly boatmen Inn, that person was ruddy and rubicund old Joshua Mottrauu On the other hand, if there was & a creature as miserable as a half-drowned dog with a stone round his neck, or a cat after having its tail pinched in a door, that creature was young Joe Mottram. Joe sneaked and crept about the place as if he saw already the rope dangling from an imaginary gallows. He avoided Frank as he would have fled from the plague. He had faced the whole thing out under Ned Potton's guidance and support ; but when alone his guilty conscience smote him, and he accused himself of being one of the causes of so much mischief. Ned was ever at Joe's heels, afraid that his boon companion might say an incautious word. I be that called when Master Frank be taken' to that the bones have his name to it," Joe said to Ned. " Thee wait, it be a nest of apple dramas That'll be sing- ing round our years wore long. Thee best a many hammer," Ned replied. " Keep thy tongue in thy cheek. They can't make thee speak of thee don't want to." Joe, however, was not so easily com- forted. There was a substratum of natural uncouth honesty beneath the lad's superficial dishonest inclinations. He was quite willing to go poaching, but he felt a reluctance against stealing, and it shocked him to be mixed up in a scheme through which a noble family has ruined. Of course, he knew nothing whatever about the real state of affairs, or about the way in which Marion came by her death. It was his stupidity and want of knowledge more than any clever deceit which baffled his cross- examiners from the lawyer's clerks in Frank's employ to the barristers in the open court. There was a second reason why he remembered the night when Marion Gray died, with a feeling of bitterness. He had for weeks previous to that evening scraped together all he could get, and invested his earnings-a half-crown-in in the purchase of a gorgeous amber mouthed and German silver-mounted briar root pipe of voluminous dimensions, which he had seen in a tobacconist's shop window at Tavistock, and which had always excited his envy. He had carried the object of his hopes home with pride, and nothing had he enjoyed so much for a long as his first smoke out of it. That night when he came home, old Joshua in giving his son the drubbing he had promised him had come across the pipe in the lad's pocket and immediately confiscated it. Shortly after that Huncoat had come to the Three Jolly Boatmen Inn, and whilst sipping his glass of whisky and water had asked Joshua whether he had such a thing in the house as a pipe. " I can't find mine," Hence at had said. " I must have lost it somewhere." Joshua had immediately handed over to Huncoat's tender mercies the pipe which but shortly before that he taken from his son, and the only consolation which Joe had received was the warning, Then go spending money on pipes and tobacco ages and I be formed if I claim derrick thee till thee o'ant know what's backstroke," and Joe knew that his father would be as good as his word. is (To be continued on Friday.) 