ANNUAL CONVENTION OF THE KAPUNDA (CENTRAL) DISTRICT UNION OF CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR {^Communicated.] Oar first annual convention, so long1 looked forward to by all the Endeavorers of the district, has norw come and gone, and we ean look baek with hearts full of gratitude to God for the wonderful time erf j refreshing we have had. It is a period ' that will not soon be forgotten by those who attended the meetings. As soon as It was known that it was intended to com memorate the anniversary of the Union by an all-day Convention atKapunda, on Janu ary 24, the members of the different societies began heartily to prepare for it, and as the time approached the enthu siasm and spirit of expectancy grew more and more intense. The Look-ont Cam n^ittee had prepared an excellent pro gramme, and the committees appointed to earcy outvie details ..worked so energeti cally that ffben the day arrived arrange ments were about as perfect as consecrated energy (another jntrepertation of our Christian JEjndeavQr) could make them. A suggestion that sunrise prayer-meetings should be held on the preceding Sunday was acted upon h|y many societies and helped not a little to stimulate the enthu siasm of the Endeavorers. The first party Of country delegates arrived in: Kapunda the night before the Convention in order to attend a United Endeavor Meeting arranged by the local societies, at which the Rev. A. Metfcers presided. Special prayer" was offered for blessing upon each meeting " of the Convention, and for all who were tq take part in it. The Conven tion, of course^, qpened with a SUNRISE IJBAYER-MEETING. What Endeavor Cqnvention does not ? If you want tp En^easor ^eal and enthu siasm ai its height go to a sunrise prayer meeting. There is an indescribable charm in meeting together for eqauqTjnioq. with Gjx>d befqre the hijrry q,nd bustle qf every day life. The tinje appointed. for tlje meet ing was ^ o'clock, but long before that a nuujber of Endeavorers were assembled outside tha Baptist Church ? and punctually at 6 o'clqck the Rev. E. I^apg opened the meeting. Shortly after a band of Endeavorers arrived frpni Hamiltqn {ten mil^s distant), having got up at 4 o'clock in qr<|er tq attend all the meetings of the day. An inspiring address was given by Miss A. Tritdinger on Apart with God," bt)t "tlje rest pf the meeting was chiefly spent iq. waiting on the Iiord. Shortly after breakfast traploads of Endeavorers arrived frqm all parts of the country, and were welcomed by the Recep tion and 4-CCOEqmodatiqn Committee, who had made every arrangement for their comfort. By 11 o'clock' tW body of the Congregational Chijrcl}, where the CONSECEATIQN MEETING was to be held, was filled. The Bey. R. M. Hunter, President o£ the S.\\. C.E. Umoq, led a mqst solemn and impressive meeting. We are sure all ^ill admit it could not have been iq. better b^hds. In his intrqductqry remarks Me. Hittitec brought out the mean ing of the yepsei " To, him that knoweth to do good and doetlj it not to him it is snn," with Very great fqree, pointing o^t that if we receive any fresh light that enables us to see a privilege or 4nty that we have not seen before, we m^st enter into that privi lege or fulfil that duty qr else commit sin. The Bev. M. Harris then gave us a short address on consecration, taking Romans xii. 1 for his foundation—a very bright and earnest address, setting forth the consecra tion of our bodies tq €jod, which is o„ur reasonable service. Mr. Htenter followed on with an address founded on the. 1Q-22 verses of Hebrew x. Taking the high priest who entered once a year into the holiest of all, be showed how we are enabled by the blood of Christ to enter into the holiest, having our hearts sprinkled from, an evil conscience and our bodies washed with pure water. The desire iu many of our hearts for a consecrated life was deepened, and many resolved that as God gave them light so would they live, not drawing back but casting- themselves entirely upon Him. The speaker- mentioned the motives which induced some to wish ta enter into the : holiest, giving a iittle of his own experience , when he was seeking to enter in ; how he found that his motives were not so pure or so high as they should have been, and that we must seek after holiness not because we want to be happy and full of joy, but for. holines' sake. " There must be no. selfish motive in our desires after, this higherlif e,but only Christ's glory must be sought. In tha time of silence that followed we believe that many wereied to a more entire surrender and trust, but the actual results God aloue can fathom. A.ttba close of the Consecra tion Meeting.the country Endeavorers found their way to the Baptist Church school room, wherelucheon was provided. In the afteunopjL BUSINESS MEETING, iu the Bible Christiau Church. For- the first half-hour Mr. E. Hague (Truro Con gregational) conducted a. devotional rneet ng, and ^t 3, o'clock l\ar\ded over the chair, to the President of the Union, (Rev. W. H. Newbould). Endeavorers. kno.w how to. make even their business meetings attractive, and th,e afternoon session, wjas no exception to the rule. Tlje sociable, and unc^enomjinational spirit, prominent all during the day, was especially marked hv tliis meeting, and camp, to, a otfma^ when, in the middle of the meeting, the heat having become very oppressive, Mr. Hunter Ca-ne to the relief by- happily suggesting an omission, in the. programme, viz., an 'Endeavor Handshake."''- He set the example by shaking hauds with, the- Presi dent, who at once passed it on. Others followed, ard a quarter, of a,u how, was spsnt in greetings and a. social chat. The business opened with the District Secre tary's (Mr. T. E. Powell) report, which was certainly of a most encouraging character, more socitties, more members, and mpre evidence of real work done by. the in. The eight societies -with 19S members of last year, had increased to fifteen societies with 339 members, and, better still, forty-.six conversions were reported. Tha Executive Committee had met £our times during, the year at different places. A monthly letter had been established to draw the societies more closely together, and a system of visitation begun. The Treasurer's report showed a balance in hand of £1 15s. 6cL Two new societies (Saddleworth Baptist, and Allandale Bible Christian) were admitted into the Uniop.. Officers for the year were, elected as follows :—President, ! Mt\ E. Hague (Truro); vice-Presidents, j R°v. J. Barker (Angaston), and Mrs. Wilson (Freeling) i Secretary and Trea surer, Mr. Tj E. Powell was re-elected. Assistant Secretary, Mr. Aug., Trudinorer. On the motion of Rev. A. Metters, the name of the Union was altered to Kapunda District Union .of Societies of Christian Endeavor. Mr. Hunter- made a flattering reference to the tastefulness and cheapness of the Endeavor programme printed at the Kapunda Herald office. At the Open Parlia liament which followed, the more solid business several topics were discussed, >riz. •. —" What are our Difficulties ?" " Christ ian Citzenship," and. *' Proportionate and Sys tematic Giving." At the invitation of.Mrs. Wilson,, it was decided to hold 'the . next Executive jleeting, in April, at Freelhig ■■ ■ - ■ ■ ■* At the close of the business meeting, the secretaries met for a short time, while the Endeavorere repaired to the Baptist school room, where a sumptuous tea awaited them, A photographic grotfp was taken at the back of the Church, asad then aft thronged into tbe large building for the EVENING MEETING. Bndeavcflrers were conducted by tbe usheifs into the front oS the hall, where special places bad been allotted to the various societies, while friends and visitors filled the remainder of tbe ball. Of all the gatherings of tbe day this was perhaps the most interesting and enthusiastic. The singing throughout was hearty and spon taneous, and indeed all tbe items of the programme were of such interest that it is difficult to pick out tbe' special features. Mr. Holder's arrival shortly after tbe meet ing; commenced was hailed with acclama tion, and the beloved ex-President of the S.A, C.EvOv was greeted with a Chau taagua salute, which was also given to Mr, Hunter and the newly-elected officers of ottr Union. The pastors were unanimous in their testimony as to the help the Endeavor Societies bad proved to their churches. Several addresses were given. Mr. Holder urged those' present in the words of Paul in Bomaz>£ xii., to1 ,p Present their bodies a living sacrifice to God/5 and Mr. Hunter spoke of the necessity of aB servants of Christ being filled with the Holy Ghost, that they may have power to exert a good influence. The Eev, B. Hartley and Miss A. Trudinger also addressed the meeting, and apologies were received from the Revs. P. J. Steward and D, Davis, who were to have been present. Miss Thomas sang as a solo the hymn, " In the secret of His presence how my soul delights to hide." To the roll-call every society in the Union responded, and as one after another rose, some represented by only one or two members, and sang a part of a hymn or repeated a verse of Scripture the effect was splendid, all the audience some times joining in the chorus and sometimes repeating the whole hymn. The response of the Tarlee Society, " In the shadow of His wing," and the Dutton Society, "Safe i in the arms of Jesus," were especially effective, and Mrs. Wilson, the first lady vice-Eresident of a District Union in South i Australia and the only representative of Freezing, received a hearty welcome. A.t half-past 9 all in the large audience joined hands and sang as a parting hymn, " Gad he witlj yqq till we meet again." So the Conveqtfqn of'94 was brought to a close. The meetings are qver bvit the work has only tjegnn. Three hundred and thirty nine Endeayorers will feel the inspiration | of these meetings, and who kno.ws how far- ; reaching and v^st the results will be ? j 