A NiERRIATIVE OF BILACK THURSDAY. . (Br J. G. O'Doxoonoet.) * (Continued.) Slashing, belting, beating right and left we continue to oppose the progress oft the flames, pausinig every 'now and-.tlirei to straighten our. aching back indit shn 'der and to wipe with a grimy arm the blind ing sweat that ran down'ii streamsi frmni our foreheads. It in almost impossible to conceive the lldiceroous appearance which we presented. The wild bloodshot eye, the black and white streaked face, the hoa.rse.panting gasps that came in rapid snucession from the gaping mouth; the whiskers, eyehrows, eye lashies and the hair in places singed to tihe skin, and the grotesque appearanee of our clothing; some minus a" hat rimn" or leg of a trousers, others w.itlh particles of a shirt or singlet encircling their. necks or- hanging from thleir waists. At lngtlh the prorinxity of the firtili iplel with tle.sltir' heat places the nmostto uss Ilhors de comllat, throwing down the "lcaters" we stager rather thante walksonel dlistance to the right of the advancing line of fire, and take shelter froi tire son's ravys nder a wattle to the low isqreading' iranIches of which the ltorsijs are secnrely tied. " Itest here boys awhile!"exclaimed 31- aryl then we will imointtmridt:try to save toe station and sheds! There is not much rise trying to overcomle trhe fire in suell grass as this!" Saying this ire threw Ilhnself at full length on the grass and huriedl his face in hIis hands quite overcome biy his feelings. We had not been reposing long when I heard thesrapid heat of horses hoofs in the direc tion of the station. Jumllping up from tlhe recnmbent position in which I had been laying, I observed " miy clhui" coming full tilt in our direction. Before I could give utalterance to any expression, one of tihe station hands "' illey leddon" by name, hoarsely exclaimed " By Ghost ! here comes Harry riding like blazes and darn use if Ire hasa not got a keg of water with him!" " There rlriust not be any thing serious the matter 1" exclaimed IM who lrt jminlped to his feet at lieddon's exclamation and was watching tihe rapidly approaching hlorsonian, with an ainxiety that was pitiable to behohi, "' or hie would not wait to fill the keg!" In another moment Harry reined up his pa.tilng horse alongside of its, aiL.d Instantlly dismUiinted, pnlled the plug out of tihe keg and with as cheery "' Here you are lalls, wet your wllistles!" filled tire pannicarns withl which Ie had the good sense to equip limoseif. " Is everything safe?" askel JIt1- push ing ? asil the proffered water ii his anxiety. "Yes! everything is safe and snag," replied Harry. '" tutt Ihow long it will remain so is a query. When yon are ready" he continiue. i" mount ant follow roe. I have a plan by which I think- we can save the etation, and the fences en closing the Ilome pa:ddokck." Ve are soon irunnted and speeding in the direction of the station. As we " thunder" along, Harry briefly idescribes his plan. The stampede of the stock, as formerly stated, had left a hard beaten track alongside the fences. Harry intendled to take advantage of this. rond to set fire to the long grass that bordered its edge. On pulling up at the north corner of the homre paddock we find the remainder of the station hands, old and voiling awaiting our arrival. Harry taking corninrlnd divides is into two comllpanies. giving colrnmanil of tile minor one to - whoslies dul it is to protect the fence at right angles to the creek, whilst hie hlimself takescomtlllnand of tihe larger and lines itp its Inmemnlers at at considerable distance apart along thlle fence running parallel to the creek. When all is ready " Billy Iledden" and another chap sailing under the namthe of " flow are you Toim"--a name give to hihi frorm his made of salitation, mounted their horses and rode off indifferent dilections along tirhe track after-.laving attached it long bundle of lighted bark to the end of their whips. The fiery tongnes of flame seized with avidlity upon the withered grass. In r momenellt denlse vnniiaee of smoke rose skywards, and addled to tire density of that already prevailing. The diffienllty of lhe:ating ullt the flames Iirdlering t the track, is not very great, wi therefore mlake rapid progress. Thle dtivisirn nater tl- having eltpleted t heir task gaTllop to our assistance and it is not long before the " houre p:addock" is surroundled on three sidhs ivy t I broadeni ng elt of blackened earthl. Tihe east side wllich is bounded ity tih creek and in the lirection rlf whichi ithe gentle breeze is Ilnowing, is considered safe. It is nnot long efore tho flames of tire main fire, fanned by the gentle breeze, roll ntowards uits with frightful rapidity, cracking, roaring. and enveloping every thing in their firey ttembrace. The tall avenaceons grass fires up for it second, pisila like reports follow, and tile latnes continue their devastating career, leaving behind their a blackened and smoking earth. On rolls Ihe fire now darting Iong tongues oif flame nlong the grass and ferns and anon wreathing the blansted trunks and branches of the forest grrns in a sheet of flame. Glowing piecesof bark or wood are carried high into tire heavens by the upward rush of heated air; here perhaps they are sublljected to the effects of ani upper current of air and are carried far frot thre place of ascent, falling at last to tiht( ground and very often causing another fire which in a shlort timte spreads and rollsonward beforn the breeze will a rigor equalling i that of its origintior. As the day iLdvancas tl;e hoples of saving the station assnumed a soanewhat gloomy aspect. Scores of firey pieces of hark anl wood fell on the inflaininmall roonf of the dwellings ani sheds. Men were kept conntantly going pouring water on their roofs and sides, whilst others moulnted on horses dashed here and there in the paddock to the numerous outbreaks that were constantly occurring, and which if neglected and al:owevI to spreadl would soon rndltr all ollur former labors useless. Wallabiesi. kang-aroos, enaunei, dingoes, eattlh. stheep anlI horses rushl madly before til flnlmes. Birds with gaping tlliuths, anld half open'wings perch on the trees. or fly onward with a heavy labouring flight. Parrots with panic stricken cries fly about in ill directions. Eagles more courageous soar high abiove tlhe lanies and swoop nwn non tlia smoking retiains of some victim of lle lires. 'Pos:mins, or native Ieats fall singed and blinlded from t ie trees in which they dueined tlhenselvec safe. Sometimes they may he seen scrambling down the trunk of an encalyp tus and seeking safety in flight, they. however are soon overtaken andl in an instant transformed as if by tihe touch of a "magicians" wand from a state of agility into a brown contorted seething mass. The kangaroos seek safety in some friendly waterhnle or creek, only to be killed by the falling branches of the trees. Squirrels and other animals take shelter in snoeo of the numerous hollow trees. Tito fire, however, is not to be cheated of its prey; in a few minntes the " dry shells' are roaring like a furnace, and tie unfortunate inarsupials, either perish miserably in the tree or are precipitated to the ground where the same fate awaits them. Onward sweep tle flamnes burning and destroying everthling in their path. A warning crash from yon mighty giant is thi precursor of its downfall, tottering trembling and swaying its bIrancrhs vibrating at tih's tending of eaclh woody support, as if un "silling to leave those airy heights in whicll it has so long swayed before the " lordly" tempest. Crack! crack! follows each in quick succession till at length withl a rasoundingcrack and tie splintering of wood which can be heard frr ohains, the miglty gum, the product of centuries of growth, and the victor of a thousandI tempests, begins its downward career; crash, crash, as it .strikes against its charred and slender neighbor ; another crash follows as the lighter tree is broken off near the ground and locked in the close embrace of of the cause of its misfortune together they falls to the earthl sending up a cloud of calcinsed ashes and sparks. Tni sun at length sets large and firey in the western horizon. Night rapidly settles o'er the scene, the haze rendering it as dark as the blackened earth over whicl it presides. Away to the southl and east the. sinuous helts of moving flaIne pro claim that the fire is still burning. The long regular lines of fire leaping and surging skyward announce the fate thit has overtaken the fences. The innumerable blazing logs, stumps and trees stand out prominently in the pitchy darkness. The crashing of the falling limbs and trees resound throughout the forest all night, and ut intervals tie following day andi perhaps for a week afterwards, according to thie time taken by the fire to burn their roots. Next day the lesults of tih fire were plainly visible, charred remains of sheep, cattle, horses, and other animals conld be seen on every Fide. The long white regular lines on the grotnd. dotted here and there with clarred and snoking logs mark lie spot whore the " log fences" formerly stood. Not a blade of grass was to he scen--nothing Iut one dreary blackened waste. Tile majority of the shaep anil cattle that Irvi been saved by 31- perished from starvation before the grass again reappeared. Harry and I re mained with him till August. We then left and went to thle rush at " Golden Point," wlhere we madae o.ur pile. 