Town Talk. That William Henry oa Toowoomba dots not feel inolined to go the total hog with the Labour party. That Foguart, too. seem. ioolined the same way--anywaqy, he thinks the Labour partt, as at present conetituted, watnt a little leavening. That, in the opinion of both members. a dasb of Drake and Powerse would be a decided improvemoent--weald jaut fetob the dish up to about the right fB?vour, as it were. That there are a good many people who think the same thought. That the gneral tone of the anoual report of the Department of Pable Iestruction is very eeonaraging in so far as ic states that, in spite of floods, retreonohmenot, and depression, the teachere on the whole have shown no lack of intoeat in their work, being ase industrious and cousoientious as when happier conditions prevailed. That this ebowe that we have got the right stamp of men in our schooln. That it would also appear to bh s gratifyiog leatare in the year's work that the oost per pupil is lees than in preoeding years. That, now that a fitting opportunity Oocare, the " T.T." man would like to make a few observatiors in connection with a matter on abiob he is regarded as somewhat of an authority. That from time to time he overhanls samples of the school books, paying particolar attea* tion to the grammar manual io nee. That at one time ttnllivan'e Grammar was osed, and now Davidson's bosses the roost. That the former ass none too simple; hobut for exasperating divisions and hair-eplitting dalffrenoos and maddening amplifications the latter about takes the banana-from the aver· age sohool.boy's point of view. That perhaps the biat grammar for common everyday use is State nchoote is Allen aad Cowell's, formerly the text.bonk at the Ipm. wich Orammar Sohool. That Davideon'. larger work wotld be very snitable for students at oollege, but for boys of twelve or fourteen years of age in Stats schools -well, it's a long cuat above them. That Davidon's "Intermediate Gratmmar and Analysis" is very good, but the syntax aeotion is ensaroely floll enough. That " Allen and Cornwell's Grammar" and "Young Compaoser" are about the best books of their claes that the writer has ever seen; ad he is willing to meet in mortal combat all who feel inaolined to dispute the above aeser. _lion. That the education authorities might give this grammar matter a little attention at their earliest omnvenience. That the esteemed member for Toowong r. okone that he khnows what the farmer shouls do-they ashoold work I That, if Ihe good-for- nothing wretches would only knock off living in public-houses and playiog billiards all day, as they do now, they might ooasionally finod time to grow a few hbags of mse s, and thus help to keeptheir wives and fancei.e from etarviog. That then the Labour "leaders" would be rehleved of tbh barden of supportiog the loafing farmers, That the farmers, however, have an opinion of their own on the matter. That they think it dear hMat, dear Tom, dear Albert. and a few more of the eame kidney were to work as early and as often and as hard as they do, they (Mat and his push) would be "prodooers" to some good purpose. That they are "prodooere" now, but, alse I o~ate do they prodooe t? Let the real workers oocerned it the maritime and the shearing otr ks answer. That it is a faot that strikes and loss of em ployment and poverty and misery are far more easily "prodouced" than a orop of corn. That, if they weren't, the Labour leaders wouldn't have anything to do with them--not moah, they wouldn't. That they don't discover much hard work in saying to ehonseande of better men than them selves. "'Now then, ehook yourselves cut of lour billets, and don't yea dare to get moesy for yourselves until we give yon leave. 'We dou't care how mocb you suffer, because tee don't feel it." That saying that ie easier than doing a long day's ploughng--aye, by jingo, it is I 'that the assaseinasion of President COruot came as a shock to the whole civilised world. That the scoundrel who committed asnoh a crime should be got off the face of the earth without delay. That it is a pity that hie "mates" cannot also be aenured, so that the whole brood could be dealt with at once. That it most be very trying to the Lyonneaises to have ahob a fearful tragedy ensrated jn their city, especially as the martyred man had just easked his guards to step back so c'that these good people migbt shake hands with him." That in wee while thee unguarded, trosting to the good fesl oge of the populace, that his ooefidence was violated and hie life taken. That the spectacle of oations sorrowing may pres to the great French raue that world. wide sympathy is thsirs. That nations have their jealousies and hatreds just as individuals have, but when sorrow comes to one the others sun mourn with it and offer their comfort end condolence, That it ie to be hoped this general commisetra tion will lead to a better noderstanding all roond. That ie is particularly hoped that the letter of sympathy from Siam may touch Frsooe on a soft spot, and thus result in conditions in Siam beng smalioratsd. That the Leidley people reokon that when agricultural produce is talked about the returns from their railway esation most not be lost sight of. That a place that on put out 908 bags of ma:zes in one day means buliness. That a great ahivoo has been made over the birth of soother heir to the throne of Eglaed. That that is no doul t very right and proper, but the " T.T." man notices that whenever there is asn inocrease amoost ie olive branchee there are no salvos of artillery to welcome the little stranger. That no crowdeof vsit:ors call at the humpy to oongratalate thegilted father or to oUr him the wherewithal to wet the new- comer's hbread. That the seer hopes that thie blot will prove to he suffioient, as Le does not see why hLie , frtsr to keep op the esocceesion in the " Tiown Talk" dynasty should not be appreciated by a grateful publio. That the Parliamentary Class met on Tues day last amidst excitement nearly rqual to that which provoked the fight over the btllot for the new Frenchb President. Teat the qcei ins aoiggested by the " T.T." man Ist week were not asked. That, if they had been, they would have evoked some interesting answers, That it will rever be known, now. how the the hands Ihat "rod of empire mioht have swayed" got into the aircuse, which is matter for regret. That the " aesasinst'on of the Goveenment" took plaoe as near ae dash it I Thatathey should sorely resign after such a narrow shave as that. That it is evident that they are not attend irg to the busi?nees of the ountrgy beoause they have not oent cables of congratulation and commiseration to England and Fraonce lepeptnvely. Ti at: it ie oo late for them to be sent now, and co Ipa ich has lost another bchance to die. tieguiclh (and advertise) horeelf. 'That it is all the more oneooeary for the Mioid:ry to reeign if they barve many esop. por'ere like thle one who naid that the aglor idustry " was procrperoue oely to a few, aind theo, few were not raniderts in the colony That thiie remark c3uld only have come from an ,Indvilual 'hobo meon?l pahltmi consiete e.1 ly of a vimilatiene of tire )'or*ker rirot what ahnuts tie ergar growers who are reid nts? wi?Ct tbout the score--not to esr hundcd---'f tmaoll farmers lwho prow the cavr c rht titoue tlhe huadreds of whi:e labob rtrs renr ge on tho plaotatiore? wh t uhont the po,,'pt\demplor ed the Ifactory thert e'i''r mtolctierey i srnaer? &o.; T'h?r, eveo to puot the matter On the lowest Inviv, ochat ahbat the thouseand of khauakue th'mrtlres whola work at the induetry ? TIot it muat be p:osperone even to them, and, as the said kanaks have to be provisioned and clothed, it follows that shnpkeepers in the aioinity of mills most be henc fited. That tbhe hon. and learnoed member who epoke about the auger indeustry being " pros perous only to a few" should make ears of his sotet before he says onything. That. in other words, he should thibnk forty times before he speaks once. That, in these times of depreession, it is oaae? for grat floation, from one point of view, that exrtueneie extensions of the osl trade are in prevoeas. That. on the other, it in caee for sorrow, be caunse the enterprise is only another bahttly Capitalistio bribe. 'I'hiat these bribes ae becoming so barefaced that it is a woeeder that there is not a strike against them-why sheould any " soan of tail" lower himself by working for a beastly capl. talist, whose whole property belongs to the 'cone of toil." That poople engaged in any ccrupation which brings them prominentr bhfore tshe publio should be careful in their statements to the said pub ic. Thst at a public gathering shout a week ego it me said that it weea putlioly aunooonoed that a certain person had died. Tho the anoconaement (if nmade as reported) hadn'% a ghost of a hit of troth in it, beoauce the person referred to as havino pegged out wase at that moment pegalog in, oand, up to yesterday, bad not gone off the hooks. That whother it is advisable to chase hares or not. it is indioipeosable that alt persaon mkklog statements in public seoold first coac. their hares. 