Tkk witisfflctory Btart which the Agent-flenpral, Sir Robert Herliert, lias secured for the timber industry very naturally invites renewed re ference to the subject of developing our natural 'resources. It lias 1»cen often stated, but cannot be too often or too emphatically repeated, that herein lies the golden hope of an early return to prosperous times. Moreover it is a hope tlie realisation of which can \vi defended upou with absolute certaiutv if the effort is made under the conditions which experience lias taught to be the prime elements of success. What has been done else where can as easily be done in Tas mania if the same degree of intelli gence and energy be brought to bear upon the subject. Indeed, as a com munity we are in a better position than either New Zealand or Victoria, seeing that our mining returns tire com paratively so much more euconraging. The prospect is, therefore, one to 'be regarded most hopefully. The mining 1 returns show a satisfactory advance on those for the year preceding; the timber industry has every ohance of re-establishment on a sound basis, and the energy recently displayed in more I fully developing the dairying industry cannot fail to have its due effect in uiwiruMiig R«inui icumiie. 11 a further incentive to effort in this direction were wanting it should cer tainly be found in the figures, recently placed before the public, showing the enormous expansion of the enterprise iu Victoria. These indicate not only the wonderful recuperative force of that Colony, but also the extent to which the butter export lias been increased by system and method. Five years ago, when the Agricultural Department first undertook the supervision of the shipments, tlie consignments for the season amounted to about 400 tons, and realised about £28,000. This sea son the shipments are estimated at a total of 12,000 tons, which ib expected to yield the enormous sum of £lt080,000. The calculation shows that the price lias advanced with the j quantity, and it is absolutely irdis- | putable that this splendid double re sult has been achieved solely by the 1 strict supervision exercised over the | shipments. In the outset it was recognised that, to give the industry a chance of success as a permanency, it VaB necessary to obtain for Victorian butter a good reputation in the market. Hence the action which gave' the Agricultural Department full con trol of the shipment. That its officers bad much to learn appears from the fact of the first shipment being made in kegs, which were so roughly handled that the butter ran out all over the railway trucks. But intelligent obser vation 6oou acquired the necessary experience, and now the butter goes to. London iu boxes, each one of which bears the official brand, showing that its content* have been duly tested and approved. The result appears in the magnificent proportions to which the I export has now attained, and it may still be pointed out that there is ample room for its further expansion. The butter import of the United Kingdom for the last year amounted iu quantity to 11G,378 tons, valued at £12,764,288, of which the Australasian export was 8482 tons, valued at £8G 1,209. Vast, therefore, as is the estimated Victorian contribution for 1894-5 when, con trasted with the extent of its first shipment five years ago, it is stil less tbau one-twelfth of the amount consumed. It is a keen appreciation of the means by which this success has been achieved that has impelled us to insist so frequently upon the important, and, indeed, the almost imperative, ne cessity of providing for the official in spection of our butter shipments. This necessity has been so strongly recog nised in connection with tlie timber industry that the 6awmillers have said, ' Appoint an inspector, and we will pay his salary.' An inspector is therefore to be appointed to examine and pass every piece of wood before shipment, so that the colony may not suffer through the carelessness or ? cupidity of those who would foist an I inferior article on the English market. I If, then, the precaution is seen to be | necesnary with respect to timber, how great is the force attaching to the ] Premier's remark-about the expediencv I of appointing inspectors to supervise the export of butter and fruit ? Both the timber and fruit trade have suffered most disastrously in the past' through the neglect of this pre caution. The butter export is in its infancy, and demands for iu adequate protection that it fchull be safeguarded against similar mischance. Here the Council of Agriculture might be placed 1 in a position to take up the work of 1 the Victorian Agricultural Depart ment, and the promise of the increased export for the coming season supplies good ground for moving in the matter without delay. It is anticipated by those best able to judge that the ship ments of butter from Tasmania for 1894-5 will largely exceed the quantity sent forward last season. Mr W. P. Gosling, the local representative of Messrs. J. B&rtram; ana Son, estimates that the export will be more than doubled. He bases this calculation ! upon the success his company is meet ing with wheresoever it is operating. He says the milk simply to the fac tories on the North-west Coast is conr siderably greater than rat the corres- 1 ponding time lust year. The Ringa- | rooma factory is working under greatly improved conditions as to machinery ana power. The operations of the Tasmanian pairy Company have been extended to other districts with excel lent prospects of success, and the forma tion of the Devouport Company, which will amalgamate all the factories in that district, may be confidently counted upon to contribute its large proportion to the common increase. Ihere is, in short, no reason why, like Victoria, Tasmania should not also increase her export tliirty-fold withiji the Bpace of five years, if it will only employ the same means, systematised supervision. The Victorian dairy farmer certainly had the immense advantage of the bonus at the start, but though the Tasmaniau producer cannot hope for this, he has the Victorian experience to guide him in improving hia chances of returns from the outBet. And i he bonus is not asked for. One of the most encouraging features of the^jis inaniaii development is the splendid spirit of self-rcliance in which it has been undertaken. The Emu Bay Com pany refused to solicit State- aid when invited to do 60. The men of pevon port with equal iadependenoe 'decided to tow their own boat. Now, if the dairymen generally will but dopy the example of the timber men, and agitate for the appointment of the inspector, they will effect about the best assur ance they can poBsibly take for the success of their enterprise. The aunouueetutiut that Minuter* huvc I decided that the lexpenses incurred in AiiuigGensu tours snau in rucure oc paid out of the private purses of Ministers, whilst snowing a spirit of consistency in the matter of retrench ment, is not altogether satisfactory. Of course members when visiting ' their constituents pay their own expenses, but the case of private members is not on all fours with that of Ministers. When a candidate enters the lists for Parliamentary honors he knows what will be expected of him should he be elected, and it is the duty of every member to meet his constituents at least once in every year. Ministers, however, are in quite a different? posi tion — they represent the whole .oolony, and it is very desirable that Ministers should occasionally visit the- vwiou* electorates, and thus keep a cldM'^on nection between the governors anfa Ihe governed. Ministers1 salaries have now been cut down to £600 per annum for the four salaried portfolios, and ii will 1m quite impossible for a Minister to do much travelling through the country unless he happens to possess! private weMth. It is not in accord J with the modem spirit of- legislation 1 that Ministers of the Crown who; possess large private purses should be placed at a derided Advantage when compared with others of more moderate means. In the past a certain al lowance waB made to Ministers for travelling expenses, and, so far as we Are aware, neither Parliament nor the .country has ever objected to such pit viriou, nor has it ever been abused. Now, beyond a small vote of £50 for next year to the Minister of Lands, Works, and Railways to meet the expenses incurred when travelling on matters connccted with Iur depart ment, no allowance is made to MiniB tcrs for travelling expenses. ThiB, we think, is a mistake. It is most de sirable, uay necessary, that Miuisters should from time to time visit the whole of the districts of the colony in order that the position, require ments, and general condition pi the people may be astSe^aiittd. ' This Knowledge can only ' be? obtained by personal contact, and the out lying portions of the colonv have -already been handicapped in this direction. With a salary of £600 to meet all the demands on them Ministers Oiaimot afford to visit the country districts, and it is to lw feared that, unless some allowance is made, Ministers will very rarely be found outside Hobart or their own constituencies. This is unfair to the rural districts, for « out of eight out of miTid' rul«s political affairs as it does all other matter*. It is most essential to the good government of the country that members of the ruling Cabinet should have a personal knowledge of I the various districts, aiid anything I tending to reduce and curtail the knowledge thus to lie acquired cannot fail to have a mischievous effect. A Ptbong Proojiaiiwi:. — An attractive programme has Wen arrat,g.-d lor t It-, fare* well dramatic mid musical performance, to Herr aud Madame Sieb- rt at the Acittcmy of Music on Tu sdav evening ne*t. The musical [.onion will be carried out hiy Messrs. F. Kergiwon. R. A. M'Eachern, W. 1 H. Savigny, Miss Ida Cox, and others ; while Messrs. Ralfc, Hammond, and Mrs O. Ralfe will appear in the dramatic part. The programme will include the balcony scene from 'Romeo and Juliet' and the ghost scene from ' Hamlet Th« se scenes will be given in ch'aractcr and with the incidental scenery. Mrs Italic will enact Juliet, Mr Hammond Romeo, and in the ghost scene Mr Balfe will appear as Hamlet, Mr Ham mond as the ghost, and Mrt Rslfc ns the I Queen of Denmark. During the evening Mr | liiilfe will recite P. ron's *4 Field of Water loo,' with the incidental music, played by the full orchestra. The box plan is now open at Messrs. A. W.Birchall and Sons. Concert at Tiibvallyk. — A concert in aid of the building fund will be giwn in St. Oswald's Church school-room, Trevallyn, 1 this evening, which, from the names of those who have kindly consented to assist, cannot fail to prove a great sncccss. The musical arrangements are uuder the direction of Mr A. H. Bowden, and the programme includes instrumental and vocal numbers by Mrs A. H. Rowden. Mira Alice Grant, Miss Est/, lie Thrower. Miss P. Dugan ; Mvssrs. A.H.Bowdm, A. J. Beott, A. W. Jordan, C. W. James, A. G. Voungman, A. J. Hawkins, R. Knott, F. E. Rurburv, J. a Breguet., and T. H. Prichard. Such an array of talent, cannot fail to ensure an excellent entertainment. Tickets are ob tainable at Messrs. Church and Goodall's. Tasmaxian Chbistian Etojeavor rxiON. — Attention of those iutert-stod is called to 1 h#* programme of to-da*'£ meei. ings of the Tasmanian Christian Endeavor T?uion, This association represents tome 2000 young people of Tasmania enrolled in various denominational sneiotil b with the expn s* and pledged object of furthering the Kingdom of Christ in tlnir own lives, and in those whom they can influence by kindly suasion, visitation in 4imu§ of sickn- ss and distress, or the like. Tlie United Boeietv of Christian Endeavor now f nrols lietwt en'two and thrr c millions of members, with branches in almost every country on the face .of the earth, and rejtrewnts an immense power for good, whioh most be felt in the'rinng gene ration. As some miSHtidewwvMng tnav exist ou the matter, it is stated thut all the maeiings, with the exception of tlie dele gates' council to-morrow, arc freih opon to the public, and as the gatherings are likelv to be charactt rised by the enthusiasm and vi rvc of ;? outh. as well as by the wisdom of the older members and speakers, tlie invita , tion should be worth acceptance. There I will be a large attendance of visiting mem bers from the South and els' where who are expected up by the 11*30 coast train and the express to-day. The local Endeavor JJniqn i£ running an incursion to Rosovears on J-riday for Endearoreris and friends. Thr Income Tax.— Following the move recently made in Hobart by those deBiroud of petitioning for the ripealof the iucome tax, a pitition was forwarder to Launc-.6ton, and on Satur.'ay was in the han-'s of a local gentleman, who, however, refused to giv«S any Press information on the*iatr-r. Sub sequently circulars to seviral gentlemen w«Te ixsued) convening a private meeting -0 consider the desirability ot petitioning for the repeal of the income tax. Thr meeting was held yesterday afternoon at the. Town Hall, hut there wr re very few present, and it is understood that nothing definite was done and the meeting §tood adjeomed. Laukceston City aitd Spbubbb Im TnovEiiKNT Association. — At a largely attended and influential meeting of lanieB held at the Town Hall ysUydav it yjy de cided to hold a cake, pudding,' and produce fAir at the Albert Hall, on the 19th an&SOth; December, iu aid of the funds of the associa tion. It was also agreod that a Kill should be given on tlie 2Ut to wind up the affeir. Strong working committees were formed, and the public ma* look forward to »' most agreeable programme. The particulars will be duly published. PottticAi..— rhfc ^o*; . ft! f.v^ooki?.. ; M.L.C., and Mr F. Archer, f-l3$VA i, SvvH address their constituents AtrLilyiliile tliu ' evening, whejj the poIitical*iUiaHo» wiiiybc discussed, and the paaland4tuture'vnclions-of the members explained .?i-Mr . -\V.\ T. H. Btown Will address the electors of- Oatnjfbell Town at Rose to-night. A Coms'TKYMAtt DuFBD.-rrThe 'tnany pitfalls in -, thjfe paths of ' the' anwary villager or - country yokel during a; visit to the larger ceirtrcs of_ population .are exposed perhaps mbrc through ' the police Courts than through any othcr:mcdlufii. It is there that the wronged ,goee lo seek re dress, or, if redress is unattainable, fo punish t he evil doer. A few. dayy ago V ijurly looking young resident of thc BUasiugfon district won tvalkingalong Wellington -itrcet, and doubtless ' Mb' countrftied apueu ranee was .-only too sharply noticed l-y a degraded woman 'who' inhabits that locality. As ho was msfiiri# her door she rushed Oq}, and, Bnatciiing the hat oS his head, Van backinto a room. The countryman ^followed, . and during his stay was cased of a purse contain inglwo pound notes and arnifterfe right'. *.7hifi kind of thing happens only too frequently, but it is not made known \becausc shame prevents those who are fleeced 1ri 'this manner from exposing their own follies tt- the, public. At any. rate it is a good thing that some men arc 6trong-mindcd enough to admit and expose their follies in ordor to have revenge on the bloodsuckers of , eocietf, if only for the reason that the traps. and pit* ' falls are exposed, and convoy a warning to the unwary* Christ Chorch Orqan Recital'.-- An. organ recital and sacred concert .was held at Christ Church last evening.- The attendance was g6od, and an excellent .programme was provided. Miss Frost's organ solos, which w»re greatly admired, formed the' ehief 'rvt traction, and they deserved the enthusiastic recognition of merit which they received. They comprised ' Toccata 'Jn : G,' .DufrojsV 'LaCharite' (Cboeur Religieux), Rossini ; ' Marche Fun-5bre ct Chant Siraphiqufi. ' Guilmant ; 'Grand Offertoire in D Major,' Batiste; 'Serenade,' Widor; ' Rondi d6 CampaDclli,' Momndi. In a sonata in A f or violin and organ Miss Frost 'was assisted A-v My W. Rolph, who jilayed exceedingly' w-ell, masterly, style — -70 ' Traumerei.' Schu* mann ; (6) ' Fruhlingslied'-- (apring song), Mendelssohn. Mr A. L.; Wells sing two solos — 'The last man/1 ami '? Lord -fod of Abraham.1' Miss Lucy Allison sang Gounod's beaiitiful song, 'There is a green hill' far away.' Miss Piatt gave ' The holy city,' for which she received a gratifying compliment in the round of applause' which followed. Miss Lucy Allison and Misfc .Piatt took part in the duet ' Ruth and Naomi.' which was one of the featun s of the cnteriainmnt. The concert was brought to a ^conclusion 'about 10 p.m. .. ? . ... Social at iNVEBESK.-^-Some lime ago Mrs W. H. Webster, awife of. the enrale of 1 Holy Trinity Church,' 'organised mothers' meetings and girls' sewing classes at Inver esk. So successful v.cas the workjlint it was found nccessary to have a building In which : I to hold the meetings. To. er-cta buiLUng for the purpose was a big undertaking, rbut kind friends and willing hands;werc found ready to asstsl, and lust evening the Inyeresk Hull was opened for the firet tim;^ In'tiie 6rst place, the site on which the building, stan 's, in Russ^ll-stye t, was ver genferoasly ? 'onat^d by Mr A. R'. Fowler. . Then, by Ihe ai I of concerts, bacaars, and collecfions, the money wbb Boon Tai»ed, «ind XheYe waa a credit balance of Is 4d when tbc'hall wss completed. Vestrday afternoon /the Rev. W. H. Webster, aided by ftl- sdouitsTDduglas, Fniser, and A, Wec'on ; Messrs. Emms/H. Fraser, and W.hster } Miws J5. Jpck60n, R. Harrison, Wchster, and J. S^otswdof; hang^ the room tastefullv with flSgs^whiist the 'walls . were \itawlfull ' dccovitcd with ferns. A social wa6 held 'hi Ihe 'even' ing. and the attendance was Very good ; in fact, th. -re was not sufficient ssating accommodation. The Ven, .Archdeacon Halen presidt-d- and in opening the Hall ex pressed the hoj-c that it would not oply prove bem ficial but provide Social amuse ments for the people of luver*sk . Address s were di-Jtvore-J by the Rev. W. H. .Webster an-l -rr A. R. Fowl. r. Hymns (in which TriniU Church choir assisted), sacral solos, and a duct comprised the programme, those taking.part being Mr F. FVrguson and Miss Webster. During the evening the cbfiirmttM prtnentod to th«- Rev. W. H. WebBier.for bis wife a Ixitniiful oil paioHng- (/*X' cut- d'b/ Mr Emms, of Invercsk) as a 'token. of the cstc- m in which that lady was-h;-ld bv.the la 'i-fi of Inver Rk. Mr Webster acknow le-'ged the pnsentation, and r-cretteii the absence of Mrs Wibst-r from '-the meeting owing to her weak stat-. of. h ajth. -The ladies of th° parish provi 'ed a bountiful supple of cake and oth- r gpo3 tilings, to which ample justice was done by those pre Sv-nt, and an etijo able evening war spent. Salvation Armv.— At the barracks last ev.uing a service of song, entitled 'A Flow, r'-of Faith,' was efficient! rendered by memftcre of the ban'^ .and tiior- w.is a fair number of jiersonR prts nt. The story h&6 reference to a 2 oung tnau who, haxing wandered away from his home- in the ohi country, pursued a car-i-es and indifferent life for some time. His wa~ward halrits ev.-ntually brought on sickness, and in the end the erring -outh sought shelter in an infirmary. In that institution- he ended his days, but 1-efore he passed awjiv the pro'i gal's parents were apprised^ of tho fact that their son had become converted through'' the Go#ij-el tidings spread h.e the .Salvation Arm-. . During thr reading of the pkee by Mr Bnrnett, solos w. re rendered by -Mr A. Brickhili and the MisBPfi Moore and Briek hiH, while a duet was contributed by Mita* s Arnett and Henderson, the organ .being pre sided oyi r by Mrs Scott —An a«lvertisem- nt announces that a half -night of pra; er will be hel l at the barracks to-night, and that to-morrow evening, in tlie same building, a missionary meeting' will be 'held, Major Gover having charge on both occasions. Longford. — Our correspondent, under date October 10, writes: — The local Board of Agriculture i* announced 10 discus ihe queries asked b- Mr Piisse-»ii»on'thi- ? ian-l- lord and tenant question, when it is expected there will he a large ^ttcni'qnc, a numlxy of farmers having signified their intention of joining. — The Cape weed is again growing very vigorously on the Victoria Square, and I if the authorities do not have it. thoroughly I destroyed, in all probability it will soon j . spread beyond their power of eradication/afi it is now irt flower, and in a week or so the 1 peed will be shod. The pist has already I spread over a considerable area, Dkvonport Wateb Scheme.— The local piper informs its Devonpoil readers that, the difficulty between the tpwh aud M-s*rs. Hoigson and Smith Ohc engineers for the 1 ! water supply schtme) is on a fair wav to he amicably settled. On his 'rcoent vifit to Melbourne, Mr John Henry, in the course of a call on the gentlemen named, broached the subject of the impending lawsuit,- and, after a lengthy conversation, ihe -hatjis -»f a Bctliement of the dispute - was. agrbed on;i and on Monday afternoon, prior \to ihe met ting, the terms wi-re put before the members of the town board by Mr Henry, aud they were highly satisfied with them. The exact terms of . the settlement; so -far have not been made public, but it is' under- stood that Messrs. Hodgson and Smith proved most willing to meet the to\yn, and that the matter will be arranged on what can only be considered most liberal terms on their part. . '' Bitten bt a Snake.— a ypuhg man named William T; ler was bitten bv a' black snake at midday on Saturday, -.'it seems (sa; s the X. it'. Pogts that Tyler woe wcfrk: ing at a farm near the Don beaph, and after seeing t'o his bullocks he sat fiovrn tn some straw on a log. He had. scarecly sifted himself when he fi lt a sharp jiain . in the thigh, and looking down vraa ;borrified7to see a large black snake alongside of hu)i. The snake made off, and an immediate' .ex- amination of the thigh showed, two small Euncturuil woonds. Tyler . xiijorinf^l' his rother'oi the oceuiTence, and .Trtth a knife cut round the wotind, but oh one^side only scaritied, -Joac to the bite.: '.The juitient was givm dosis of brandy, au^ 11 ancssenger was dispatchcd to Devonport -for medical assistance. Dr. Richardeto Was guickly in attendance, having uocozn^lishcd -the journey of five miles in tw«.ntv - five miunt s. By thiBtlm-i Tvlcr^vas'in 1 very low state, and was- vomiting inecpsantly. Dr. Richardson creased the. .wound, with riwerful antiseptics, and then .made-an 1u ctiou. An hour nfterwdvds he made^a, etcond injection, and remained for 'pome time with the patient, who riowly^reooycred, and on leaving him he waarout of dinger On Sundaa-, Dr, Richardeoiusgatn risitedjlic patient, who had quite recovered fropi tlie. etfi-cts of the bite. ? Bltnd Socinrv,— Mr'fl, D. Scown, 4he blind 'teacher, who has for some time past, jwen actively engaged in Hobart, has arrived in this citv to take up the work here, and lo night, at fiL. John's school-rooin, will give a lecture 6u ' The Education of the Bliud.' The public are cordially invited to attend. ? Some Sensible Women.— The . women of Gislxirneliavc (sa-s the Dvnedin Star'' set their instant in other ]iart& of New Zraland an example 'that may be well followed; They have organised with atixed determina tion to eschew party politics, and to conccrn themselves with the collection and diffusion of information on social, economical, and poUtical subjects ; the exchange of opinions and views on such subjects by meetings and otherwise, and by that means helping mem bers and others to make up their minds clearly, fntcUigently, and rightly on'mattcis of public interest; and the watching t6 pocially over the interests of woman, and their promotion by the adoption by Parlia-, ment of such measures as will place her on a footing of -equality with the other s.x, and thus tend to S2cure the good of the commu nity and of each m .mb^r of it. Murders in the South Seab.— News which reached Sydney on Sunday from Bismarck Archipelago reports what ib be lieved to have been a murderous attack on traders 'resident at Admiralty Island. The schooner Three Cheers, when calling there, found the store and dwelling occupied by Curlon and Miller burned to the ground, no trace of them being found. The most sig nificant. fact was that (he natives refused to come down from the bush, where they had rushed directly the schooner uropped anchor. At. New Ireland the mate of the schooner Senta- and a white trader named Rodjohn arc stated to have been killed by the na tives. The Doke of Tobk. — Mr J, W. Kelly member for Invcrcargill in the New Zealand House of Hepresenlatives, a few days ago read the following notice of motion: — 'To ask the Minister for Defence if his atten tion had been drawn to the following cable gram ' A lunatic rushed to shake hands with the Duke of Tork on the occasion of a SteCfe entry into Leeds. One of the escort ing Lancers slashed, the man's arm and another ro.te him down.' If so, will the Minister for Defence - take the jiecessaty steps to issue instructions to ihe military honor to the Duke of York, when visiting I the colony, not to^cut and slash'the arms of all luuatics who may become possessed of a desire to shake hands or. rub noses with a member of the Royal Family.' The reading of the motion was received with miuglcd laughter and applause and cries of ' Order.' The Premier took instant exception to the notice, but the Speaker 6aid he would read it through first, and he did read it through, And as a result of his reading lie announced later that 41 Mr Kell;, 's notice would not ap- . pear on the Order Paper.' j New Zealand Band Contest.— The ! Southland (N Z.) Times of the 11th instant, received by mail yesterday, reports the -first trial of strength on the previous day le twen the bands now in Invercargill to take part in the annual contest, under the aue pic s of the New Zealand Brass Bands Asso ciation. As showing the grcat^tercst taken in the event, it is stated tlfttfiOvcr 4000 per sons visited the ground.in the afternoon, and the takings %£? (thc gate amounted to £102 10s. S^vcn'bauds competed. In the quick stop competition the band with which Mr Lithgow (the present leader of the St. Joseph's Band) was formerly connected ?with 'was. placed first, the order being as follows^ — Invercargill Garrison, Invercar gill City Guards, Katkorai, Sydenham, Oamarn Navals, Dunedin Navals, and Dunet'in Engineers. The contests were to be continued on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday last. We have received tW November number of the -ovn§ Ladiei Journal from Mr A. W. Ma bea;'. Applications for the jwsition of working overseer of rov s for the city of Launccstou will be received at the town cl- rk's officejup to * p.m ou Monday, the 5i'th inst. Monthly meeting of th-.' Chamber of Com merce at 4 p.m. to- 'av ; business, general. Missis, A, W. Birchall and Sons publish in this issue a list of new books and new editions, the prices being quoted. Open-air concert at City Park to-night, at which the Orpheus Orchestral Society, assisted by the City Band, will submit an attractive programme. . Entries for the T^atrobe Show, which is to bp. hold on the 24th inst., close with the secretary (MrH. Murray) at 9 p.m, to-day. 