TWAS IT A GtUOST ThREY SAW,, Mrs. H. H. Jennings lives at No. 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and MiAe Ilinnio Parrbtt boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in December (1891)the two women looked all the doors and went to a theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gaes te ning, however, in the front parlour. At bout-half past eleven they returned, iti entbred the house laughing and tal n t as thoy went' into the parlour tho e erry humour died out of them in a second. Iight in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantio stature. The upper part of his foco was concealed by a sok, his oeves gleaming through the eyeholes in it. hies shirt sleeves wore rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the rOo, aInd wj R g camt JQ IBPe§ is fiveminutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows soeurely locked. What was it the women saw ? "During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, "I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o'cloolr, I was suddenly aroused from a dozoby what seemed like the calling of my namoe; alid at the foot of the bed stoud the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as showas leaving home to go on a Journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I soreamod and fainted. I was foolish enough to toll of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a sum'mnions and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more that three years ago now." NTo doubt it was the nerves. Why, thoro's no end to the tricks the nerves will play offI on you when your system is out of iondition. in March. 1801, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of I)arraeott Road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows: "'I was so dreadfully nervous I could not hear onyono in theroom with me, yet I '!id not wish them far away in case I shu!d coll out for help. This was in Junn? 1889 I slept very badly, and in the morning felt ,iittlo the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe palin min my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time, My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowdls felt cold and dead. By-and bye I had to lie helpless in bed; The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone, Msy memory completely filed. My head ached so dreadfully I thotc ht 1 hould lose my senses, and my friends greed that I would never get better. "I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs West of lournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. Shetold me she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Motheor Seigel's Curativoe Syrup. As she seemed tohave so much faith n this medicine, I tried it and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went down downstairs. Now I am as well as over. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness hasleft Ime, Tho malady lare, Foster suereda from was indigestion and dyspepsla and nervous prostration, The original rceuse was grief and shock at the violent death of her bus baud, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new Vigour to the digestion and thus fed nnd toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgoport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indig" etion and dyspopsia, Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother ~sigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and the ears enter tain only what is natural and wholesome, 