ftli ' Sermon for Sunday. The Last Great Day: By Rev. 0. H. Spuboeojj. ITop w© must oil appeal before the judgment seat of Christ, that every one may rccolvo the tilings done In Ills body, noooraingto that ho h.rtli doue, whether it be good or bad.— J Corinthians v. 30. . Ap important question arising out of ouv text is, Who will bo the judge? " Wo must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ. That Christ should ho appointed judgo of all mankind is moat proper and fitting. Our British law ordains that a man ahull bo tried by his poors, nnd thure is justioo in tho statute. Now tho Lord God \yill judgo mon, hut at tho same tlmo it will ho in tho person of Jceus Christ tho man. Mon shall ho judged bv a man. He that wua once judged by mon shall judge men. Jesus knows what man should ho —Ho has boon uudor tho law Himsolf in dcop humility, who is ordained to administer the law in high authority. Ho cuii hold tho scales of justice evenly, for Ho has stood in man s place and homo and "braved man's temp tations ; He thoreforo is tho most fit judge that could he solcotod. I havo some times hoard and road sermons iu which the preaoher said that a Christian ought to rojoieo that his judge is his iriond. There may ho no impropriety intended, still it seems to mo rather a questionable suggestion. I should not like to put it in that way myself, bocnuso any judgo that wns partial to his friends whon ho sat on the judgment seat would desorvo to oomo off tho scat. As o judgo I oxpeot no favouritism from Christ. I oxpeot whon Ho sits there Ho will deal out.ovon- banded justice to all. I cannot seo how it is right for any minister to hold it forth that wo should find encouragement in the judgo boiug our friend. Friond or no friond, wo snail go in for a fair trinl every one of us, und Christ will not ho a respecter of persoiiB. Of Him whom God has appointed to judgo the world, it shall not bo sold when tho assize is over that Ho winked at tho crimes of somo and ox- tonuated them, while He searched out tho faults of others and conviutcd them. Ho will ho fuir and, upright throughout. He is our Friond, I grant you, and Ho will bo our Friond and Saviour for ever ; hut. us a judge, we must Iroep to tho thought, and bcliovo and maintain it tlmtHo will boimpartial to ull tho sons of mon. You will havo a fair trial, man. He that will judgo you will not tako sides against you. Wo luivo somotiuios thought that mon havo been shielded from tho punishment thoy desorved, becnuso tlioy woro of a certain clerical profession, or _ becauso thoy occupied a certain official position. A poor labourer who kills his wifo shull ho hanged, hut when another mun of suporior station does tho like deed of violence, and stains his haudB with the "blood of lior whom ho had vowed to lovo nnd chorieh, tho capital sontonco shall not bo executed upon luni. Every where wo eoo in tho world that with tho host intentions justioo somehow or other does squint a little. Even in this country there is j ust tho slightest turning of the scale, and God grunt that may ho cured ere long. I do not thmk it is intentional, and I liopo tlio nation will not long havo to complain about it. Thoro ought to be the some justice for tho poorest boggnr that crawls into a casual ward as- for his lordHhip that owns the broadest acres in all England. Before the law, at least, all men ought to stand equal. So shall it ho with tho Judge of all tho earth. -Fill juslilia mat avium. Christ will by- all means hold tlio scales oven. Thou shalt havo a fair trial and a full trial, too. Tlioro sluill ho no conceal ment of anything in thy favour, and no hoop ing hack of anything against tlieo. No witnesses shall "be borne across tho sen to keep them out of the way. They shall all he thoro, and all testimony shall ho tlioro, and all that is wanted to condemn or to acquit shall ho produced in full court at that trial, nnd honce it will bo a final trial. From tliut court there will bo no appeal. If Christ saith " Cursed !" cursed must thoy lie for over. If Christ saith "Blessed;" blessed sluill thoy he for aye. "Well, this is what wo havo to expect, then, to stand before the throne of. tho man Christ Josus tho Son of Gad, and tlicro to bo judged with impartial juslico. Now what will- ho tho ruloof judgment? The text says " that ovory ouo may recoivo the things dono in his body uccording to that ho hath done, whether it bo good or bud." ) 1\. Then it would appear that not our profession, nor our boastings, hut our actions will bo taken in ovidence at tho lust, and every man shall recoivo according to what ho hath done in tho body. That implies that everything done by us in this body will bo known. It is all recorded ; it will bo all brought to light. Henco, in that day every secret sin will ho published. What was done in the chamber, what was hidden by tho dark ness, ahull bo published us upon tho 'liouso top — every secret thing. With great oaro you have concealed it, most doxterotisly you luvvo covered it up ; hut it elia.ll bo brought out to your own astonishment to form a part of your judgment. Tliero. hypocritical actions as well sb seorot sins will he laid boro. Tho Pharisee who devoured tho widow's houso niul made a- long prayor will find that widow's house " brought against him and tho long prayer too ; for the long prayer will thou ho understood as having boon a long lie against God from be ginning to end. Oh, how fino wo can ninko some things look with tho aid of paint und var nish and gilt ; hut at the last day off will come the varnish and veneer, and tho truo metal will then ho seen. 2\. When it is said that everything that is done in the body will ho brought up us evi dence against us or for us, wo should romombor that this inoludos ovory omission us well us every commission ; for that wliioli is not dono ' that ought to have been dono is nsgroutly sinful as tho doing of that whioh ought not to "bo dono. Did not you notico when wo were reading that twenty -fifth ohaptpr of Matthow, how those on tho loft hand were condemned, not for what thoy did, hut for wlint thoy did not do, " I was an hungored, and yo gnvo mo no moat ; " I was thirsty, and yo gavo mo no drink. '1 Whoro would Bomo of you Btnnd, according to this rule, who havo lived in negleot of holiness, and negleot of faith, nnd nogloot of repentance, boforo God all your days ? Bethink youraelves, I pray you. 3\. Rocolloot that all our words will bo brought up. For overy idle word that njnn shull speuk ho will havo to givo nn_ uooouut.' And all our thoughts, too, for thoso lie at tlio bottom of our actions and givo tho , truo colour to tliom good or hud. Our motives, our lioort sins, cspoolully, our hatred of Ohrist, our nogloot of tho gospel, our unbelief — all of these shall ho read uloua and 'published unreservedly. " Well," saith ono, " who thon oan bo saved ?" Ah ! indeed, who tlicu can be saved ! Lot mo tell you who. Thero will como forward those who havo bolieved in Jesus, and albeit thoy have many sins to wliioh thoy might well plead guilty, thoy will ho ahlo to say, "Great God, Thou didst provido for us a substitute, and .Thou didst say that if wo would accopt Ilira Ho should ho a substitute for us and tnko our sins upon Himself, und we did aocopt Him and our sins wore laid oii Him", and wo huvo now no sins ; thoy liavp boon transferred from us to tho great Ejaviour." ' 4. And", in' that day tliero will ba none, who can put in a , demurrer to - that plea it will hold good, for God has .said, " "Whosoevor boliovoth ou Ohrist shall novor ,he condemned."-, .Then , will the actions of tho righteous, tho graoious notions, bo brought' \- forth. To prove that thoy had faith. For j ithat faith which never evidences itsolf .by.good worlds is -a dead faith and ii' faith that will ,'i : .never, save ,n soul. Now, if the dying thief were Drought up ho would say, " My sins woro kiid on Josus." "Ay, hut how ubout your good works ? Thou must huvo soino ovidonco of thy faith," Satan mightroply. Then would tlio recording angol say, "Tho dymg thief said to his fellow tliiof who wns dying with him, ' Whoroforo art thou railing? In Ins last momonts'ho did what ho could: ho ro- buked tho thief that was dying with him, and mudo a good confession of lift Lord. There was tho ovidonco of tlio sincerity of his faith ; Dour honror, will tliero bo any ovidonco of tho sincority of your fuitli ? If your faith has no ovidonco boforo tho Lord, what will you do ? Supposo you thought you httd a- fuith und wont on drinking? Supposo you- did ns I know somo luivo dono here, go straight from this placo into tho puhlio-liouse? Or supposo von joined tho Christian oliuroh nnd remained a drunkard? ay, and women have dono that also as woll as men. : Supposo you professed to havo fuitli in Chrftt and yet cheated in your weights and moasnres and common dealings ? Do you think that God will novor require thoso things at your huuas ? Oh, sirs,- if yo bo no hotter than other mon lit your co.nduot, yo aro no hotter than othor men in your ohnraotor, nnd yo will stand no hotter than other mon in the judgmont day. If your actions aro not suporior to theirs, you may pro fess what you will about your faith, hut you aro deccivod, und, as deceivers, you will bo discovered at tlio lust great day. If grace doca not make us differ from other men, it is not tho gruco which God gives His oloct. "Wo aro not porfcot, hut nil God'B 6nints keop their oyos on the great standard of perfec tion, and, with strong desiro, aim to walk worthy of their lijgh calling of God and to bring forth works which provo that thoy lovo God ; and if wo havo not these signs follow ing fuitli, or if thoy aro not put in as evidenco for us, at tho lust great day wo shall not ho able to provo our fuitli. Oh, you who havo no faith in Ohrist, no fuitli in Josus tho substitute; that torriblo nogative, that, treuolierous un- boliof of yours, will ho a condemning sin against yon ! . It will ho proof positive that you hated God; for a man must hate God indeed who will spurn His counsels, givo no liced to His reproof, scorn His graco, and daro tho venirennoo of Him who points out the way of cscapo and. tho path that Ioadoth to lifo» Ho that will not ho saved liy God's meroy proves that ho linte3 tlio God of meroy. U God gives His own Son to dio nnd men will not trust in His Son, that oim sin would at onco provo that thoy woro enemies of God, and hluelc at heart. But if thy faith ho in Josus, if tliou lovostJesuB, if thy heart goes out to Jesus, if thy life is influenced by Josus, if thou makost Him thy oxomplo, as well as thy Saviour, thoro will be ovidonco— tliou canst not seo it, but thoro will bo ovidonco— in thy favour. For notioo tlioso gracious things, when tho evidence was brought, and Christ said, " I wns nil hungered, and ye gave mo meat ; thirsty, and yo gave mo driulc." Thoy said, "OLoru, wo novcr know this." Should any man stand up lioronndsay, "I havo plenty of ovidonco to provo my faith," I should reply, "Hold your tonguo, sir ! Hold your tonguo ! I ain afraid you huvo no faith ut all, or you would not bo talking about your ovidonco." But if you are saying, "Oh, I am afraid I. huvo not tho ovidonco that "will stand ino in good stead at the Inst," yet if all tho whilo you havo boen feid- ing tho hungry, and clothing tho naked, and doing all you can for Christ, I would tell you not to bo afraid. Tlio Master will find wit nesses to say, " That man rolioved mo whon I Was in poverty. Ho know I was one of Christ's, and ho' came and' helped mo." And unothor will como nnd say (perhaps it will Ira an angel), " I saw him when ho was alono in his chambor and hoard him pray for liis enemies." And the Lord will say, " I road liis hourt when I saw how ho put up with robuke, and slander, und persecution, mid would not make nny ansivor for My sake. Ho did it all ns ovidonco that My gruco was. in his heart." You will not have to totoU'iip tho witnossos. The Judgo will call them, ior Ho knows all nbout your case ; and ns He calls up tho witnesses, you will ho surprised to find how ovon tho ungodly will ho obliged to consent to tlio jnot salvation of tho righteous. Oh," yes, tho deeds, tho deeds, tlio deeds of mon — not their prating, not their profession, pot their talk, but their deeds (though nobody shall ho saved by tho merits of his deeds) — thoir deeds shall bo tho ovidonco of thoir graco, or tlioir deeds shall be tho ovidonco of their unbelief ; nnd so, by their works slmll thoy stand boforo the Lord, or by their works shall thoy ho condemned, ns evi dence and nothing mure. 5\. Now tho point to whioh I would direot you is, what is tlio objcot of this judgment? Will sontonco of ucquittal and condemnation ho given, uud thon tho whole thing bo over? Fur from it. Tho judgmont is with a view _ to the thorcufter — " That ovory mntvmay recoivo tho things dono in his body." Tho Lord will grant unto, his pooplo an abundant reward for all that thoy havo dono. Not that thoy doservo any reward, hut that God first gavo them graco to do good works, then took thoir good works as ovidonco of a renewed heart, and then gavo thorn a reward for what thoy had dono. Oh, whut a bliss it will bo to hear it said, "Woli done, good nnd fuithful servant," — to you that havo worked for Christ when nobody know it, to find that Christ took stock of it all — to you who served tho Lord- under misrepresentation, to find that tho Lord .Josus cleared tho chuff away from tlio wheat, and know that you woro ono of His precious ones. For Him thon to say " Enter into tlio joy of thy Lord," oh, what a bliss will it ho to you. But to tho ungodly how torriblo, Thoy arc to recoivo tlio things that thoy havo dono ; that is to say, tlio punishmont duo— not ovory mun uliko, but the greater sin tho greater doom; to the man who sinuod against light a greater damnation than to tho man who had not tho same light — Sodom and Gomorrah thoir placo. Tyro nnd Sidon thoir placo, and thon to Caper- nmim and Bethsaida thoir place of moro intolerable torment, because -thoy had tho nol and rejected it — so the Lord tells us. tho punishment- will not only bo meted out in proportion to tho transgression, hut it will- ho a development of evil notions done iu tho ovil consoquenoos to ho ondurcd, ns ovory man shall eat tho fruit of his own ways. Sin, after tho natural order, ripens into sorrow. ThiB is not a blind fate, . hut it is tlio oporation of a divino law, wiso and invariable. Oh, how dreadful it will bo for tho muliciOus man to liavo for over to gnaw his own onviouB heart, to find his malico como home to him, ns birds como homo to roost, to hoot for ever in liis own sbul ; for tlio lustful ..men to fool lust burning in ovory vein, wliioh lio can never gratify ; for tho drunkuid to havo a thirst, with; not ovon a drop of water to allay it ; for tho glutton who lius fured sumptuously ovory day, to bo in liungor porpotualljr; and tho soul that, has beon wrathful to ho for over wrathful, with tho flro of wruth for over burning lileo a volcano in Ilia soul ; mid tho rebel against God for over a rebel, oursing God whom he cannot touoh, and finding his ourses como hack upon himsolf. Thero is no punishment worsa than for n man who is sin fully disposed to gratify liis lusts, to satiate his bad propensities, und to multiply and fatten his vioes. Only let mon grow into what thoy. would he,', and thon seo wllat thoy would be like !- Tuko away tho policeman in some parts of London, and give the people plenty- of money, nnd lot thom do just as thoy like. Last Saturday, - it may ho, there were knlf-a- dozon- broken heads, ' and wivOB and ohildron' wore in' ono .gonordl- skirmish. ICoeptheso people: to-: gotlior.-;. lot. their vigour continuo unimpaired: by ago or decay, wliilo they keep on develop ing tlioir ehnraoters. . "Why thoy would, be worso than - n .herd - of tigers. - Lot them givo way to their rago uhd anger, with nothing to shook thoir passions ; lot miserly, greedy people go on for - over .with tlioir greed... , ft makes i thom miserable horo, but lot those things bo in-; dnlgod in for over, and what worso lioll do you want ? Oh, sin is lioll and holiness in hoavon. Men will reooivo the things done in thoir body. If God has made them lovo Him, they slia.ll go oil to love Him: if God has mudo thom trust Hint thoy will go on to trust in Him ; if God has mode them to he liko Christ, thoy shall go on to be like Christ, and thoy shall reoeivo tho things dono in thoir body us a reward ; but if a man has lived in sin, 1 1 ho that is filthy shall ho filthy still. Ho that has boon unbolioving shall ho unbelieving still. Tbis, then, shall be rlie Worm that novel- dieth, and tho firo which never shall ho quenched, to whioh shall, bo added tho wrath of God for ever and for over. Oh, that wo may havograce ovory ono of ns to flee to Ohrist 1 Thoro is our oiily safety, dimple faith in Josus is tho basis for the oliaraoter which will evidence at lost that you aro chosen of God. A simple belief in the merit of the Lord Jesos, wrought in us by the Holy Ghost, is tho rooty foundation upon whioh shall bo built up, by the same Divino hands, tlio character whioh shall ovidonco that tho kingdom was prepared for u's from boforo tho founantipns of the world. God work in us such a oharaotor, for Christ's sake. Amen.- ' 