DARK DUNMORE. By S. NEWLAND, Anth.. of " Paving the Way, &c.; Chapter I. "Dark" Dugald Danmore was one of the earliest squatters on the Lachlan River. Why he was dubbed " Dark" was not so much because of his swarthy complexion as on account — if rumor could be credited — of his questionable transac- tions. He had certainly never been pro- secuted for cattle-duffing, probably never laid himself open to the least chance of being convicted, but it was well known that when he settled on Patunga Block he only owned five hundred head of cattle, and in a few years these had in- creased to a large herd without the pur- chase of a hoof. Mr. Dunmore's neighbors were absen- tees, rarely visiting their stations. They owned other properties in more civilised and pleasant parts of the colony, both climatically and socially, so the Lachlan runs were left to the management of stock- men, who could not be supposed to pay that unremitting attention to " branding up" that prudent owners deem necessary, particularly when the adjoining station is the property of a "smart man." Any- how the Patunga stock increased and multiplied at considerably faster ratio than any herd in that part of the country. On one occasion there had appeared every prospect of sheeting home to Mr. Dunmore the charge of appropriating his neighbors' goods, and for a brief space it was thought he was " had." Mr. Harkle, the proprietor of Naylong, arrived at his station unexpectedly late one night, and on his way through a distant part of the run had seen several calves with the DUN brand distinctly imprinted on their hides following and sucking his own par- ticular cows, as plainly demonstrated by the letters HAR on the near rump. Very furious was Mr. Harkle, and next morning before the horses were brought up he had written to the nearest police officer reporting the matter. The epistle was scarcely dry when the man " wanted" rode coolly up and dismounted at the door. "This is indeed an unexpected pleasure," he said, "I had no idea that you were within three hundred miles of us. I came to see your stockman about a rather un- pleasant mistake that has occurred, but it is fortunate that you are here, as it is always better to deal with principals in these cases." " May I enquire what your unpleasant mistake may be?" asked Mr, Harkle, stiffly. "During the last few days I have observed a number of my calves with your brand on," was the unexpected reply, " indeed I saw several at the Long Water Hole as I passed this morning. I freely admit that you would never approve of anything of the kind, but really your man ought to be more careful. If you will accompany me (I see your horses have just come up) I will show you the "duffed animals." What could the failed owner of Naylong do ? To prosecute his fellow squatter for doing what his own employés had done was obviously impossible. So after chew- ing the cud of angry cogitation for a while he threw the letter to Police- Trooper Bingle in the fire, and frankly accosted his neighbor in the following terms : — "I think we had better bury the hatchet, Dunmore, and avoid these awkward little mistakes for the future. What say you?" And so the episode ended, but there were those who asserted that the owner of Patunga had been aroused at early cockcrow by an unknown messenger riding in haste. That he im- mediately saddled his horse, went out on the run, and brought in a few cows and calves, and branded the latter HAR; then rode away to Naylong. "Clever, 'Dark' Dunmore!" cried his neighbors. With Mr. Harkle on his last visit a young Englishman named Frank Kentall had come up to Naylong to gain " colonial experience. ' He was a slight, well made, handsome fellow of about twenty-two, who had not yet lost the old world bloom, his complexion being as fair as a woman's, his eyes blue and full of merriment. The very youth to attract the fancy if not the lasting attention of women. At their first meeting his frank engaging manners made a great impression upon the usually reserved, somewhat morose Dunmore. Each subsequent occasion they met — often at Patunga — increased this good feeling, until they apparently became fast friends. " Then it is understood, Frank," said Dunmore one evening at Naylong as he rode off home, " that you meet me at the Accommodation House this day week and accompany me to Patunga to stay for a while. Don't bother to cross a horse over the river now it is in flood; you can walk the three miles from the ford to Bolt s, and I'll bring a spare one up there for you." " That will be jolly,' called out the youngster gaily, " mustering with you is the best fun out." Bolt's accommodation-house, some- times derisively called "The Royal Arms Hotel," was situated on the opposite side of the Lachlan from both Naylong and Patunga, about five miles from the former and twenty from the latter. It professed to provide accommodation for both man and beast. For the last this meant turn- ing out in the small paddock to pick up what he or she could find ; it might be good succulent grass or eucalyptus leaves and sticks, according to the season. In either case it is probable that the four- legged animal fared better than the biped, for there was at the worst always fresh wholesome water to slake the direst thirst. As for the two-legged creature his hunger was to some extent certainly catered for, but with the silent though distinct understanding that it involved a copious consumption of liquids not sup- plied from the river, or, if so, then in a considerably mixed and impure con- dition. The household consisted of Mr. Bolt, his daughter, and a buxom young female who acted in the double capacity of com- panion to Miss Bolt and cook to the establishment. Mr. Bolt was a colonial born and bred ; he had been a stockman, bush contractor, hawker, and ultimately publican. When engaged in the third of these avocations, on one of his visits to Sydney to procure a supply of goods, he married a handsome woman, much his superior in manners and education. She was a convict who had just served her time, and doubtless felt that becoming the wife of a man living in the country and fairly well to do was better than living the life before her in the town. Shortly after their marriage he abandoned hawk- ing and opened a public-house and store on the Murrumbidgee. One child was quickly born, so quickly that Mr. Bolt entertained grave doubts as to its paternity, resulting in much resentful feeling both towards mother and daughter. After a few years, however, as she grew up pretty, wild, and wilful, the girl twined herself round his heart more than he admitted even to himself. Between her mother and a decrepid but learned old hanger-on of the household she acquired a fairly good education, that is she could read and write, had a certain knowledge of music and could sing a good song effectively. When she was about sixteen her mother died, and there was strong suspicion that her end was hastened by her husband's ill usage. Pro- bably her bright eyes attracted too much notice from the customers according to the jealous ideas of her lord ; at any rate the home had been for some years a very unhappy one. Mr. Bolt then found that the police paid him more attention than suited his taste or business, so, as he expressed it, he "shifted his hurdles," sold out in fact, and resumed harking, and eventually made his way to the Lachlan, settled down on Black Point, and built and opened the "Royal Arms" Accommodation House and Store. This accomplished, he observed to his daughter with some complacency, yet with aggrieved recollection of past experiences, " If them dashed meddlin' police ull leave me alone I'll do.' Miss Cassy Bolt was now twenty, and a splendidly developed woman with a mass of black glossy hair which always seemed in a state of revolt against the re- straint that confined it at the back of her small well-shaped head. Her eyes were a marvel, ever bright, occasionally melting, not unfrequently flaming, the very eyes that drive or lead men on to madness. They were set under a broad low fore- head and beautifully curved black brows. Her nose was perfect, as was indeed each separate feature. Collectively they were not perfect, and the observer wondered why, until some- thing annoyed, and then an expression stole over them that transformed them into the face of a fiend. But this was rare, for there was a world of resolution and self-control in that firm mouth and chin, as could be plainly seen when the white teeth set hard with that habitual quick nervous click. She had had her own way from childhood and was now a strong passionate creature confident in her own powers to win and to hold. Pos sibly a fast friend when unthwarted, yet woe to man or woman who stood between her and her heart's desire. She already divined with a woman's easy intuition that she had two lovers, " Dark" Dugald Dunmore and Frank Kentall. The latter had lately haunted the place, and truth to tell the girl had given him sufficient en- couragement. Dunmore saw little of this ; his visits were few as yet and not paid when his rival was present. But his stern nature was stirred to its utmost depths by the beauty and attractions of Cassy Bolt and he vowed to win her at any cost. In the best room of the accommodation- house, known as Miss Bolt's especial retreat, sat that young woman and Frank Kentall. It needed but a glance to detect how matters stood with them. His eyes were riveted upon her every move- ment as her needle rapidly finished embroidering his initials upon a silk handkerchief, and they told that he loved with all the intensity of youth's first passion. " There, it is done," she said. " Mind you don't give it to the first black gin you meet." " I will keep it as long as I live in re- membrance of the prettiest and best girl I have ever known." "Nonsense, you silly boy. No, you must come no nearer ; I'll keep the table between us — for the present — it's only a little one." '"Don t trifle with me, Cassy; you know I love you." " Indeed I know nothing of the kind. Why you never saw me till within the last ten days. What is that ? Kiss you indeed ! well if I do, it will be for your mother ;" and with a merry laugh at his discomfiture she rose and looked through the window. " Ah, here comes a man, the master of Patunga ; what a picture he is on that grand black horse, almost as handsome as himselt;' and she gaily kissed her hand to the new arrival. "Enter the three D's," she continued as the door opened. " How do you do, Mr. Dunmore ? By-the-by, I think we will drop the first D ; yet no, on second thoughts you are more interesting with the prefix of 'Dark.' " " Perhaps you would like to share it," ejaculated Kentall, stung beyond control by her evident admiration of his friend. " Oh, no, thank you ; my name just suits me. What could be prettier than Cassy Bolt?" "Cassy Kentall" promptly said the youth, recovering his good humor. Dunmore had listened to this passage of arms in silence. He now broke in — "Well Frank, here before me, eh? I've brought a nag for you, and after supper we'll tear ourselves away and depart for Patunga. All is ready and waiting for us. The muster will take quite three weeks, so we must make the most of Miss Bolt's society while we can." " And by way of making the most of my society, or rather of me, you order me to see after supper. Well, I obey," and Cassy disappeared through the door. Dunmore followed her out and en- deavored to grasp her hand. "Take care, Cassy,' he said, " you are either making a fool of that young fellow or of me." " Speak for yourself," she replied. "Leave Frank to take care of himself." "I don't think he can from such a witch as your sweet self." " Can you ?" she asked, saucily. " I shall not try, but I will take every care of you, my charmer, both now and when I have won you, as I shall do." "Don't be too sure, Mr. Masterful. No man who lives can hold me if I wish to slip away, as I do now," and with a flashing glance she was gone. Supper over, Miss Bolt conducted her admirers back to her own room. "Now be as nice and entertaining as you can," she said. "Mr. Kentall, will you sing, and 'Dark' Dunmore please look amiable, if that is possible. There is some whisky ; the best the Royal Arms can produce." "As the evening passed on the guests drank somewhat freely, and the effect upon the younger man became marked. He grew quarrelsome, and flourishing the handkerchief given him by Miss Bolt made sneering remarks concerning his companion's antecedents, which Dunmore at first treated with contemptuous silence, but being repeated, and then noticing Frank's worked initials on the handker- chief, he at once took fire and growled out — "That it mattered little what a green young fool of an English Jackeroo thought or said." The nearly empty bottle of whisky stood close to the hand of Kentall. Seizing it, he hurled it across the table straight at Dunmore's head. The squat- ter turned quickly aside, and the missile grazing his cheek crashed into fragments against the wall behind him. The hot blood surged to the face of 'Dark' Dugald, and swinging the table away he sprang to his feet to throw himself upon his foe, but the girl, equal to any emergency, rushed to Kentall's side and stood protectingly over him as he sat in his chair. "You shall not touch him," she cried, "he is no match for you !" The enraged man looked at her for a moment as if he would pluck her away, then with a scornful laugh controlled him self. "I suppose all girls love dolls and pretty things," he said bitterly as he left the room, "and you are no exception." Standing outside the house he presently saw Kentall emerge, and with unsteady steps take the road to Naylong. " He has got the sulks and is going home. A stupid young idiot ; I ought to have boxed his ears," he muttered. "You ought to have done nothing of the kind," said Cassy at his elbow. "You are a brute!" " What does this mean ?" he demanded. "Has your lover left without one word of apology, first for striking me and next for breaking his engagement to accom- pany me to-night ?" 'He has desired me to tell you that after what has occurred he could not bring himself to go with you — and it is better that he should not," she added. " May I ask why ? Are you afraid I shall spoil the beauty of your pet ?" he sneered. "Excuse him, Mr. Dunmore, he is only a boy ;" and in a low regretful tone, " Such a pretty boy !" " If a boy, however pretty he may be, plays at being a man he must look to pay a man's penalty, and not shelter himself behind a girl's petticoats, even though, he is her lover." " You will make me hate you !" "Is he not your lover?" fiercely. "And if he is, what then?" defiantly. "Have I not already made it plain that I will win and wear you though a hundred lovers, I don't care who they be, stood between us ?" "And I say that I would not marry you if there was not another man in the country ! " and she turned from him and entered the house. " We will see about that, my beauty," he retorted, as he mounted his horse and rode away. With uncertain steps from the effects of the spirit he had drunk, and still resentful, Frank Kentall took the road down the river. It led both to Naylong and Patunga, branching off to the former a few miles from the accommodation house. He had not gone far, having pro- gressed but slowly, when Mr. Dunmore overtook him. Kentall moved to the side of the path to allow the rider to pass, but instead of doing so he reined up. "Don't be a fool, Frank," he said, "I apologise for my hasty words. Suppose we cry quits, my rude speech against your flung bottle." The young man was too surprised to make any answer. " Here is the horse I brought for you ; mount him, man, and come away with me as arranged," urged Dunmore ; " the liquor got into my head and perhaps a little in yours too." "There is some there yet, I believe," replied Kentall, half sulkily. " I'll never drink another drop as long as I live !" " I hope not, " observed "Dark" Dugald quietly. Detecting no hidden meaning in the words, though still sullen, Kentall needed no further pressing. As he mounted the spare horse Dunmore noticed the silken love token thrust loosely into the breast of his coat, and the sight nerved him to his purpose. " It is late, let us push on," he said. They rode rapidly almost in silence for a while until they approached a high bank of the river, known as the Yellow Cliff. The road here ran very close to its edge, and Dunmore, unobserved by Kentall, pressed his horse to the extreme verge of the precipice, and then with a fearful blow from his clubbed whip handle on the head felled the unfortunate young man to the ground. Just as the blow descended Kentall's eyes turned upon his enemy, too late to make any attempt to ward it off or utter a cry, but not too late to divine his purpose. He dropped half over the cliff and hung there senseless. With a muttered oath " Dark" Dunmore sprang from his horse and pushed him over. Was that a cry, or a sigh, or a whisper, and did it come from the lips of the dead man floating down the swollen stream ? No, there had been one witness to the foul deed. At first startled into cowardice by that sound, Dunmore was immediately after nerved into action by seeing in the shadow of some tall trees under the end of the cliff a rider just urging his steed into motion. To spring upon his horse and follow in furious pursuit was the work of a moment. Who it was that galloped rapidly in front he did not know, but he had seen what had been done on the cliff and he must not live to denounce the doer. There was another road out from the river called " the back country road," and for that through the timber the pur- sued made, with the squatter a hundred yards behind. Both were accomplished bush riders, accustomed to race at full speed by day or by night through the thick mallee or mulga scrub, with their strong interlaced boughs. Dunmore was the heavier man, but he rode a noble horse, and with grim satis- faction he saw that he was gradually gaining. Tht other saw it too, and frantically spurred his animal to its utmost speed. He gained the road. Now clear of the fallen timber and rough ground he might escape. Not so. Urged beyond his strength and speed the overtasked horse stumbled over some loose pebbles and fell heavily to the ground, his rider beneath him. "Dark" Dunmore halted by his side and saw a gasping horse too exhausted to rise lying upon a man. As he looked the struggling animal rose to his feet and Dugald bent over the the senseless rider. " As I thought, Tom Olston, crushed to a pulp — and what is this, assurance doubly sure, his tongue bitten through beyond the possibility of piecing. It couldn't be safer, the fool never could read or write and now he can t talk.' A rattle of approaching wheels sounded in the distance. The squatter listened intently for a moment, glanced at the prostrate figure, then mounted his horse and disappeared in the timber. Chapter II. A sick man lay on a rude but not un- comfortable bunk in a lean-to room at- tached to the back of the Royal Arms Accommodation House. This room had been selected for his use because it was quiet, being remote from the visitors' part of the building. Mr. Bolt had been called up from a sound sleep by a belated hawker, bringing in his cart poor Tom Olston in an unconscious state. " I found him lying in the road about three miles back,'' he said. "His horse had evidently fallen on him, and I don t believe there is a week's life in him. His tongue is nearly bitten off, too, poor fellow." By the merest chance a surgeon of Bohemian proclivities, travelling the country, happened to be in the house. Hearing of the accident the next morning he at once offered to examine the sufferer; and prescribe for him. When his exami- nation was over he sought Miss Bolt. ? " Do you know that man ?" he asked. " Yes," she replied, " he lived with us as a boy. His mother is a poor woman in Sydney, but I don't know her ad- dress. " "That is unfortunate, for he cannot live a month. The internal injuries are very serious, several rib's being broken, and as he has bitten off fully half his tongue (no doubt in the fall) he will never speak again. Who is to attend to him, he can- not leave his bed ?" " I will do my best with the help of our cook, Loveday. She understands nursing," answered Cassy. ''Then he could not be in better hands. A pity he cannot write. l am sure there is something he is anxious to communi- cate " and giving a few directions for the treatment of the patient the kind-hearted medico departed on his way. For several days Tom Olston lay almost motionless on his bed, following with anxious beseeching eyes Cassy's every action as she stood about the room. Occasionally he made almost frantic efforts to speak, but it was impos- sible for him to form the words and articulate a syllable. The girl during these paroxysms in vain endeavored to pacify him, then exhaustion followed, and he would lie as before, silent and still. After about a week he apparently gained strength, and certainly suffered less pain, though the same imploring ex- pression in his eyes seemed intensified. At length this so much attracted the at- tention of Miss Bolt that one day when her friend Day was in the room she said to her — " I am sure he has something on his mind he wishes to divulge." At these words the patient nodded his head with such a pleased affirmative look that she stepped to his side. "Is it so?" she asked. Again came a nod of acquiescence, "Here is paper and pencil. Write. Oil, I forgot, you cannot. Whatever is to be done ?" she cried in the utmost per- plexity. He seized on the pencil and paper, trying to mark, then held her fingers with his other hand as if to guide him. Quick to understand his motive, she exclaimed — " I believe he wants to learn to write." A joyous expression came over the pallid eager face as he nodded again and again. "I'll teach you," cried Cassy, "and then you will tell me what is on your mind." Again the eager nods. " You shall begin at once. I'll bring a pencil and slate." So the first lesson began that was to result in momentous consequences to fair Cassy Bolt and the man she loved. Excitedly, blindly, eagerly, she toiled and taught the dumb to tell the tale she would have died rather than have re- vealed. For three weeks she heard nothing of either Dunmore or Frank Kentall ; then the former rode up to the door. She met him with a glad smile, thinking to herself how handsome he looked. "Good morning, Mr. Dunmore. I thought you were never coming to see us again. " " Did you for one moment believe that possible ? I only reached home from the back country last night, and came on here this morning to hear you unsay your last word when we parted three weeks ago." "That was good-night." " It was that you would never marry me if there was not another man in the country." " Well I would not, but as there are plenty, I will marry you when you like." " Dark " Dunmore took her yielding form in his arms. " Look me in the face," he said in a deep suppressed voice, "and tell me that nothing shall ever separate us, sickness, ruin, crime, death itself." "None ever shall. But away with such thoughts. There are no lovers between us, my big black darling, not even the pretty boy who made you so jealous the other night.| By-the-bye, I have never seen him since ; he must have taken the sulks or else you frightened him, and no wonder, you great fierce monster. Oh, Dugald, how could you ever think that such a girl as I could prefer that doll of a man to you ? Were you blind ? Why, I could have hugged you all the time, you looked so strong and grand in your passionate rage." Too cautious to ask questions, Dunmore during the evening heard of the accident to Olston and that he was rapidly failing ; how he had been brought to the Royal Arms in the hawker's waggon in an un- conscious state, with his tongue bitten off, and had never been able to speak a word since. " The doctor gave him a month to live in dumb misery, and three weeks of the time have gone,' said Cassy. " He can- not last much longer." Then the conversation turned to more interesting and tender topics, and before the lovers parted it was arranged that they were to be married in three weeks. Miss Cassy was singing blithe as a bird as she went about her morning work. The man who of all men she coveted was hers, won skilfully too by playing the pretty boy against him. The early suc- cess was a tribute to her charms and powers. There was pleasure too in the game, not alone in landing the big fish, but in the love passages with the hand- some young Englishman. Once during that evening she had thought she had gone too far, and that " Dark" Dunmore would rend his rival limb from limb be- fore her face. She was just a little frightened for a moment, but all turned out splendidly — as per result. " Bravo," she cried to herself as she was about entering Tom's room. Then, seeing her father, she said aloud — "I'm engaged to Mr. Dunmore and am to be married in three weeks. Whatever will you do without me ?" The sufferer inside heard the words and almost fainted, so great was the impres- sion they made upon him. Recovering himself he picked up the slate and pen- cil — for weeks he had been laboriously scratching, scratching, scratching, learn- ing, learning, learning — and earnestly devoted himself to his lesson. But oh ! the agonised labor of forming those ill- shaped letters, lying on that couch of suffering with death so near. Time was short, and he had his dreadful tale to tell or he would not so persistently have continued his painful self-imposed task. Doubtless he was conscious that it was a race with that grim enemy ; would he win or die before he could write enough to make himself understood ! Some such thoughts as these floated through the girl's mind as she approached the bed, all unconscious how fatally the consequences might affect her own future life. " Well done, Tom," she exclaimed ; " you are getting on capitally. That copy is first-rate." A look of satisfaction came into the worn anxious face as he again turned to his work. He had now reached words of two syllables, having made surprising progress, but it must be related that as a child he had learnt the alphabet, later forgotten, to be comparatively easily re- called. " You will soon be able to write me a letter and tell me what you want to say, won't you ?" A nod — surely it was of triumph — answered her, and again he resumed his task. Chapter III. There was great commotion at Naylong. Mr. Harkle had unexpectedly arrived to find his friend and protege Frank Kentall missing. For the last three weeks it had been supposed that he was at Patunga mustering cattle, but it was now known that he had not been seen there. Receiv- ing a letter from his anxious neighbor making enquiries respecting the lost man Mr. Dunmore in the kindest way promptly rode up to Naylong but could throw no light upon the mystery. He could simply confirm what was already known that Mr. Kentall left the accommodation house an hour before he did, having abandoned his intention of attending the muster and determined to return home. " It is right that you should know, Mr. Harkle," observed Dugald, " that he had declined to accompany me in consequence of a foolish quarrel between us at the Royal Arms. I attached no importance to it believing that the spirit he drank (and that was not much) had got into his head." "I fear he must have fallen in the river," replied the other. " We must search the banks; the water has gone down considerably since. You will assist me?" "Certainly," answered "Dark" Dun more. " We had become great friends, and the least I can do is to try to be of some use in his recovery. Shall I take a black boy and examine up the stream ?" "I have already sent a party there. You may as well come with me to the Yellow Cliff and carefully look through the bends below." "I am quite at your service," was the cool reply ; but the swarthy cheek grew a shade paler. They rode rapidly, almost in silence, down to the starting point opposite the Yellow Cliff and then began their dismal search not only along the edge of the river, now fallen several feat, but also over the lately flooded land. Round billabongs and the margins of lagoons and through bogs they plodded on until a sudden flight of kites— the hungriest scavengers of the interior of Australia — attracted their attention. " Something dead," observed Harkle, and it was indeed so. At the brink of a stagnant pool, par- tially in the water, lay a human body, much of the flesh stripped from the bones by the fish and the foul birds. Ah, John Harkle, and you, too, Dugald Dunmore, look closely as you may at all that is left of those lineaments and limbs, but there is nothing in that repulsive remnant that claims recognition. Yet yes, round the neck "Dark" Dunmoore, keenly observant, detected an object which must lead to the identification of this hideous thing as the late gay and handsome young stranger, Well, and if so, what then ? What was there to con- nect him with the man living or dead after as left the the Royal Arms ? These thoughts with many others rushed through his mind as he stood silently gazing on the mutilated remains. " Our search ends here, I expect," said Mr. Harkle. "We shall probably be able to prove by the clothing that this is my poor friend, of which I feel little doubt. We had better take the body over to the accommodation house, where as a magistrate I shall hold an enquiry and take evidence." Police-trooper Gring, stationed fifty miles distant, appeared to conduct the proceedings and enquiry into the circum- stances connected with the death of Frank Kentall before John Harkle, Esq., J.P. In those early days it was not usual to hold inquests ; the nearest magistrate might make enquiries if he thought a death suspicious, or he could, and usually did, give an order for the prompt burial of the unfortunate without any such preliminary formality. On the present occasion Mr. Harkle was merely anxious to clear up the fate of his friend, no sus- picion of foul play having entered his mind. " It is utterly useless," said the magis- trate to Police-trooper Gring, "to ask the witnesses if they can recognise the body. Examine them respecting the clothes and other points." Ezra Bolt deposed that he felt sure the remains were those of Frank Kentall. The trousers and shirt on the body were precisely similar to those he had sold Mr. Kentall the day before he was lost. He said he wanted them to wear at the rough work of mustering at Patunga. Yes, he would swear to the clothes. Mr. Bolt was much more prolix, and gave dates and other particulars with much minuteness, but these do not in terest us. " Cassy Bolt said that the clothes pro- duced corresponded in every respect with their stock in the store, and such as she saw her father sell Mr. Kentall on the date mentioned. The silk hand- kerchief she could positively swear to as she gave it to him the day he left the Royal Arms. Before giving it to him she embroidered his initials on the corner. Yes, there was a silly quarrel between the deceased and Mr. Dunmore, in which the latter showed great for- bearance. Sometime after this, perhaps an hour, or perhaps two hours, Mr. Ken- tall left saying he was going home. Mr. Dunmore stayed with her for a while, and then left also. "Did any threats pass between the two men ?" " No, none whatever." Dugald Dunmore deposed that he had some angry words with his friend on the occasion mentioned, such as not uncom- monly passed when men became a little convivial ; but they were of little im- portance, and made less impression upon his memory. Mr. Kentall, however, changed his mind about attending the muster at Petunga that day, and said he would go home first. He started off in the direction of Naylong, and that was the last he saw of him. Police-trooper Gring was interrupted at this stage by the magistrate, who con- sidered that it was quite unnecessary to proceed. " There can be no doubt," said his worship, "that the remains are those of Frank Kentall, and that he, by some means, was drowned in the river, but how there is no evidence to show, and I shall report accordingly." The following day a grave was dug under a spreading tree, a little apart from the few common dead who lay beneath the sandhill near Black Point. The struggle had been short, sharp, and madly hilarious while it lasted, but these all found Mr. Bolts fire-water too potent for their constitutions. Even in the bush class distinctions are more or less defined, perhaps nowhere more so. So that all that had been found of the late Frank Kentall, Grange Water, Somerset, England, slept alone ; that is all that, in the opinion of those who knew him best, was left of him by the denizens of flood and forest. Mr. Harkle a few days later erected a neat wooden slab at the head of the grave, whereon was recorded in deeply-cut letters that Frank Kentall lay there, having met an untimely fate in the River Lachlan. It set forth his virtues and bore testimony to the esteem in which he was held by an affectionate circle of friends. The epitaph was an honest one, but as with some epitaphs it contained not a word of truth. This dismal business over, the next event worthy of narration in this veracious story that took place at the Royal Arms Accommodation House was the joining in holy matrimony of " Dark" Dugald Dun- more and bright Cassy Bolt. But, no ; we have anticipated. We have still to dispose of poor Tom Olston. While the enquiry was going on Tom Olston was in a state of great excitement, and as Cassy had to be in attendance as a witness Day Polway had the sole charge of him. This had lately become an agreeable task to her. She was a person in whom curiosity predominated, and that faculty had been much exercised by the evident anxiety of the unfortunate young fellow to learn to write. ' There is something more than a mere wish to send a message to a mother he has not seen for years and whom he never cared a dump about since I knew him," she thought. She noticed also the effect the mention of the name of Dugald Dunmore had upon him, and she soon came to the con- clusion that the squatter was in some way mixed up with the matter troubling the peace of the dying man. Day hated Mr. Dunmore for several reasons. He had never paid her the slightest atten- tion ; indeed, he had been even rude once or twice when he considered she pre- sumed on her position of half friend half servant of his lover. On one occasion he shut the door in her face when she came to join them in the best room. "Go to the kitchen," he exclaimed roughly, "I came to visit your mistress, not you." " I'll be even with the stuck up black devil," she muttered, too much frightened to speak out, or oppose him. Of late this antipathy had strengthened, though she was careful it should not be apparent to Miss Bolt, affecting to treat his rudeness as a grim joke, excusable in such an ardent wooer desiring to be alone with his sweetheart. " He is mighty fond of you, Cassy ; I believe he would break every bone in the skin of the man you preferred to him," she added. " Isn't he just a splendid fellow," affirmed the adoring damsel "There is none like him in New South Wales. He is just the man for me, bold and strong as a lion. I'd poison him if he loved any one else rather than she should have him." And now Miss Day seized her oppor- tunity when all the other folk were too busy with dead Frank Kentall to attend to dying Tom Olston, to probe the matter she had at heart to the bottom, of which we shall by-and-bye learn the result. * * * * * * "I am going to be married to Mr. Dunmore in a week, Tom," said Cassy, as she entered the room of the invalid the following day. "Wish me joy. Why, what do you shake your head for ?" He took up his slate and wrote. "He did it." " Who did it ? Dugald Dumore ?" A vehement nod. "Did what?" and the girl's face blanched, for something in the dying man's expression told her that which her heart foreboded. She paused. Should she help him to divulge the secret or allow him to die with it unrevealed ? She must not hear her lover traduced. Then in a quick revulsion came the temptation to know the worst and brave it ; besides it might not be true. She could not for the life of her put the plain question which trembled on her lips. " Did what ? Anything to do with Mr. Kentall ?" Again an affirmative gesture. "Did he murder him?" A rapid succession of vehement nods. " Write, tell me quickly, how, when, where?" she whispered so faintly he scarcely gathered her meaning. For answer he held up a crumpled bit of paper, soiled, blotted, and torn with many erasures, the words remaining scrawled across in crooked lines hard to decipher but sufficiently clear to reveal the appalling secret. " He hit him on his head with his big whip and then put him in the river ; I saw him do it." The girl crumpled up the damning scrawl in her strong brown hand. "Who, Dugald Dunmore ?" she again asked. A decisive affirmative nod shattered her last hope of some mistake. Then her rage broke forth. " Wretch ! " she hissed, " so I have fed, nursed, and prolonged your pitiful worth- less life, and above all taught you to write for this, you snake, that you might sting me !" The poor fellow fell back on his bed and lay gasping while she gazed upon him with cruel, unrelenting eyes. With a strong effort he presently somewhat re- covered and wrote — " I — did — it — to — save — you." " To save me from marrying Dugald Danmore?" she echoed scornfully. "Why, I would marry him if he had wrung the life out of a hundred such as Frank Kentall Die, dog, die ! before you become more venomous, more dangerous. " Tom Olston was always a poor weak fool. Pathetically, reproachfully he looked in her cruel imperative face and — obeyed. The strain had been too much for his failing strength. Though appalled at the suddenness of his death she stifled her impulse to scream until she had carefully wiped clean the tell-tale slate, and searched for and destroyed all other evidence the dead man had left against her lover. Then her voice rang loudly through the house. Chapter IV. "Dark" Dunmore had brought his wife to Patunga, " swept and garnished," to make it a fit abode to receive so hand- some a bride. She entered it with the air of a mistress, haughtily, defiantly, as if prepared to meet the challenge of some hidden foe ready to question or deny her right to be there. From her earliest! youth no one ever saw her soft or yield- ing, but since Tom Olston died those black flashing eyes had acquired a harder light, those firm lips a more determined curve. She had resolved — "If he is strong enough to carry his secret and make no sign he shall neves learn mine." So the honeymoon passed on, the union of two strong impassioned natures, each accepting the happiness of the present, each ignoring the past, each defying the future. He was perhaps the happier of the two, for he had nothing to watch her for, while she was ever keenly observant of any indication on his part that the strain was telling. But Dugald made no sign. He showed pride in his blooming wife, and lavished more smiles on her than had ever shone on his dark face for the last twenty years. He was a kinder master, and to all appearance a better man. He had won the desire of his heart and like a wise man resolutely put all else away that he might enjoy it. It was nearly morning, and " Dark" Dunmore stirred uneasily in his bed, the light of breaking day and of the waning stars penetrated into the room. He was wide awake, and his opening eyes turned away from the glare. Why did he start ? There just over his sleeping wife, up from the centre of the couch, hung the bust of a man, the ruddy face, the chesnut curls, the blue eyes of Frank Kentall the healthy, fresh, handsome countenance of his boy friend. The lips opened and appeared to say — "This is what I was — what am I now." " Dark " Dunmore rubbed his eyes and looked again to see the figure gradually fade way. The beholder lay still and wondered. He certainly was not asleep or half asleep when he first saw that — something. Was| it a creation of his brain or a nightmare (no| positively not that) or a delusion of the sight ? Was he going mad ? He smiled disdainfully at the mere suggestion. He never felt better ; ate welt, slept well, and in all respects lived a most temperate life. Then what could that semblance be ? Mr. Dunmore gave it up, rose, dressed himself, and reso- lutely dismissed the subject from his mind. Occasionally, however, during the day it would obtrude, but on the whole it gave him little uneasiness. Night came, and Dugald slept soundly, only waking at the first dawn of day to behold the same resemblance to the lost youth over his bed, to see the parted lips noiselessly utter the same words and gradually fade away. So night succeeding night, as the early light of morning appeared, if ever he closed his eyes, on opening them there hovered the accusing form. At length the dread per- sistence of these visitations wore him down, and there came a time when " Dark" Dunmore, awaking with an affrighted start, saw the loathed shape poised as before immediately over his slumbering wife. He could bear it no longer ; clutching her wildly, he ex- claimed — " Look, look, there he is over the bed just as I saw him when he fell over the cliff." "What cliff; who fell?" she cried ; "who is over the bed ?" " He has gone now," he sighed wearily. "I cannot endure it longer. It was Kentall ; I murdered him and then pushed him down the yellow cliff into the river." Then she in turn told him all how she had taught Olston to write, never dream- ing of his secret or why he was so anxious to learn ; how she had destroyed his written statement, and there was now no proof remaining or living witness ex- cept herself. " As for that shadow, if there was anything there at all, it was but the creation of your imagination. Courage ! I loved you Dugald and married you in spite of your crime, loved you for your strength and boldness above that of most men, love you still in spite of all. Oh, do not let me despise you now for being afraid of ghosts. Nerve yourself. It is but fancy." " Dark " Danmore shuddered. So the dumb had spoken. Almost as unlooked for as that the dead should appear. Were the toils closing round him ? That day Police-Trooper Gring arrested him on a charge of murdering Frank. Kentall. ****** The court sat in the well-known old town of Goulbourn, and the building was crowded, for the charge against Dugald Dunmore of having murdered his friend, Frank Kentall, excited much interest. In the preliminary stages it was thought that the case must break down, but the magistrates, before whom the accused was first brought, committed him for trial and. refused bail in defiance of the indignant declamations and remonstrances of his advocate. The prisoner had not long to linger in gaol, the sessions were on the point of sitting and the calendar was light, and with the exception of his own case the charges were comparatively un- important. As "Dark" Dugald stood in the dock, a great change was evident in him since the day of his arrest on the Lachlan a month ago. The old assured, self-possessed, half-defiant air had utterly for- saken him. Haggard and worn, shrunken in form and pinched in features, he faced the court, rarely lifting his eyes from the rail upon which he leaned. It was observed by those in attendance upon him that he had failed much since his committal, each long solitary night of his confinement having left its mark. His wife's devotion extorted general admira- tion; she never left his side unless com- pelled by the rules which environ those amenable to the laws of their country. Her influence was extraordinary ; during her presence his firmness and courage recovering all their old habitual tone, only to fail again when parted from her. She now sat near him, not a vestige of color in her calm resolute face, set like the face of one determined to fight for life to the bitter end. There were no tears in those bright eyes ; defiantly they flashed from judge to jury, resting for a moment upon the Crown Prosecutor as if they would scorch him. Even when they sought the face of the prisoner there was no softness in them; they seemed to reiterate, "Be a man : fight, fight, fight !" When he was told to plead, she half rose and compelled his gaze. Until then he appeared to irresolutely search for words, then he almost firmly uttered — " Not guilty." After the usual addresses from the opposing counsel, Police- Trooper Gring was called. He deposed that he had been stationed on the Lachlan for two years, and knowing the circumstances of the disappearance of Frank Kentall, he had always suspected the prisoner of foul play. The missing man was a remarkably good swimmer, and he (the witness) could not believe that he could have been drowned in a stream he was in the habit of so frequently swimming in. Then there was the quarrel between the men, and the threats used by Dunmore. There was much more, but all of a merely cir- cumstantial character. Other witnesses were examined, but in each case the evidence against the accused appeared to be of the flimsiest description, and at the close of the first day of the trial every spectator in the court felt confident the charge must break down. Cassy's fine eyes flashed triumphantly, and as her husband passed her aa he was being taken out, she whispered, "Courage, all is well." When again placed in the dock the prisoner seemed to be sorely shaken as if he had passed a sleepless night. His wife watching him closely occupied her old place, still calm, firm, and resolute as on the previous day. When the judge had taken his seat and the court was opened the Crown prosecutor intimated that he would call an unexpected and important witness. "Loveday Polway," and that young woman stepped briskly into the witness- box. She lived at the Royal Arms Hotel in the employment of Mr. Bolt at the time of the disappearance of Mr. Frank Kentall. She remembered the evening when the prisoner and the deceased were there together. She heard the quarrel between the two gentlemen, and sub- sequently after the young Englishman had gone she heard Dunmore tell Miss Bolt that to win and wear her he would kill a hundred lovers if they stood between them. Was much startled, as she con- sidered that a threat against the deceased, and said out loud " God help Mr. Kentall if Dark Dunmore meets him to-night when the fit is on him. " Mr. Kentall was always a favorite of hers, and she felt therefore much relieved when he refused to accompany the accused and started off by himself for Naylong. Late that night Tom Olston was brought in nearly killed, and with his tongue bitten off ; assisted to nurse him, and after a while, suspected that he knew more than he could explain. He was so eager to learn to write that when ever she could she helped Miss Cassy to teach him. When the body of Frank Kentall was found and the enquiry was being held at the accommodation- house, everyone else being engaged she had the sole charge of the sick man. We will now leave her to tell her own tale : " When I entered his room, he was hard at his lesson. Scrawl, scrawl, scrawl. "Tom," I said, 'while they are trying to find out how Frank Kentall met his death I am going to help you to tell me. Do you know ?" "He nodded, but not in the quick glad way he always answered Miss Cassy. " ' Did he commit suicide ?' " He shook his head. " 'Was — was he murdered ?' I asked. " He gave a lot of nods. "I was half frightened then, and waited a long while before I asked in a very low tone, " ' Did Dugald Dunmore do it ?' "There was no mistaking the nod he gave. ''How did he do it?' " There was a stick near his bed used by him to reach things he wanted. He took the small end in his hand and struck his head with the other. " ' Then did he put him in the river ?' "Again a quick nod. " Then I said, 'Now, Tom, I will spell the words, and you must write them down. ' " The witness here opened a folded paper she had held in her hand, saying, " This is what he wrote." " I saw Dugald Dunmore knock Frank Kentall off his horse by a blow with his whip handle at the Yellow Cliff, then he pushed the body into the river." — Thomas Olston. While the girl was making her state- ment the effect upon the prisoner was terrible. A hopeless expression settled on his face, and when she read the written words he bowed his head upon the rail, apparently in utter despair. His wife, on the contrary, gazed upon the witness with defiant eyes, which flamed as if they would scorch her. The blacker, more telling the evidence against her husband became, the higher her proud resolute spirit appeared to rise to the emergency. As the last damnatory words fell from the woman's lips the counsel for the prisoner sprang to his feet in indig- nant protest, but before he could speak the prisoner raised his head. "Your honor," he said, "I am guilty. It is vain to struggle longer against my fate." A silence, complete, appalling, fell on the court, broken only by one word, " Idiot," and it was hissed from the lips of the criminal's bride in a whisper that penetrated to the remotest corner of the hall. The judge was the first to recover from the surprise of the situation. "It is my duty," he said, "to point out to you the nature of the fatal admis- sion you are making. Do not imagine this confession will procure you mercy — the reverse is the case. Do you still adhere to the statement you have just made to the court ?" The answer came in a low, hopeless, yet firm tone, without a glance at his wife — " Ever since the murdered man's face first appeared above my bed and I heard from my wife that the dumb witness of my crime unwittingly taught to write by her had denounced me I have felt the toils closing round me. Each night, sleeping or waking, I see my victim's face glowering at me. I can endure the soli- tary silence of that haunted cell no longer. I shall hail your sentence with relief, for it at least will bring the com- panionship of those who stay to the last with the unhappy wretches condemned to die on the scaffold." An impressive silence followed, so tense that a dead beetle falling from the ceiling to the floor sounded loud, like the first tolling of a bell. Then a buzz arose, which was promptly suppressed, and the judge briefly charged the jury, who with- out leaving the court brought in a verdict of guilty. In a voice far from firm his honor then formally sentenced the prisoner to death without hope of mercy. A few days later it was known that Dugald Dunmore in ten days would expiate his crime on the gallows. ******* Cassy Dunmore sat in an upstairs room of the house she occupied near the gaol, listening calmly to what Mr. Belford had to say, her great bright eyes fixed searchingly upon his face as if she would read his innermost thoughts. " I have seen his honor, and find that it is utterly futile petitioning or making any further attempts for mercy, or even any mitigation of the sentence. He is a hanging judge, and protests that he can see no reason to recommend the Execu- tive to reconsider the case, particularly as Mr. Dobbs reports that even now there are no symptoms of insanity, and at the time of the murder it had never been asserted that there were." There was no reply, and the lawyer continued almost petulantly, " Under such circumstances what could, what can anyone do ? He just flung his life away. I don't believe Loveday's story would have borne cross-examina- tion, and the statement she handed in as Olston's was neither witnessed nor dated." Still no answer, though he paused. " I don't believe any jury would have convicted on such evidence skilfully sifted ; but when a prisoner confesses in open court, what can his counsel do but accept the inevitable ?" " Nothing," she admitted slowly. "Dugald Dunmore has rushed like a weak fool on his fate and must pay the penalty." The lawyer looked at her. " You take it coolly," he observed. " How far do you see beneath the sur- face ?" she asked. "Tell me this, what was Day's motive ?" " She loved Frank Kentall." " One word more. What explanation have you for your husband's hallucina- tion, his settled belief that he nightly saw Kentall's spirit ?" "Three days after we were married he got a sunstroke. After that he had paroxysms of fear, always at night, apparently without cause, during which he saw horrible shapes, all the time con- scious that they were not real. Later they took the shape of Frank Kentall." " Then he might have gone mad." " No, his brain was fast clearing, and in a few days more he would have laughed at such fancies. Then came the arrest." " A bad ending," he said sadly. " The end has not come yet," came in a fierce whisper. The lawyer took up his hat and passed down the stairs. " She is a splendid woman, he thought. " I have never seen her equal physically and mentally, but the Lord deliver me out of her hands. I expect she knew about the whole thing, murder included, from the beginning." Chapter V. Kentall fell insensible, but the cool water partially revived him, and though weak and bewildered he, being a most expert swimmer, kept afloat in the cur- rent until he struck against something to which he instinctively clung. As he regained his senses and strength he became aware that it was a dugout, the roughly hollowed trunk of a tree, into which he managed to climb. He then knew no more for several hours, when he found himself up a back water beside a bank. Still very weak he staggered on land, and struck out from the river to find the road, with a confused idea of going back to Naylong and denouncing Dunmore. The sun was now high in the heavens, and beat upon his unprotected head in a pitiless flame, shortly pro- ducing delirium. Under the impression that he was approaching home he hurried on away and away out into the back country. At last he sank down exhausted and was so found by a party of drovers. They placed him in their cart and took him to Booligal and left him in the care of the resident police- trooper. He was dimly conscious of much of this at the time of its occurrence, but remembered little after leaving the boat until three weeks later, when he re- covered from his stupor. All this time he had been lying in a rough kind of bush hospital. When still in a dazed condi- tion he was startled by hearing that his body had been found. A relapse fol- lowed, and for another three weeks he was delirious, when he finally recovered his senses and heard that Dugald Dun- more had been married to Miss Bolt for some weeks and within the last few days was arrested for his — Frank Kentall's — murder. The excitement caused by hear- ing this much retarded his restoration to strength, but his desire for revenge upon Dunmore for the treacherous attempt to murder him, and then marrying the woman he loved, was so absorbing that he determined to conceal his identity and allow him to stand his trial and, he hoped, be hanged. " Let the treacherous scoundrel die the death of a dog," he muttered. "I will do nothing to save him." His head had been repeatedly shaved, and he was otherwise much changed by his illness ; besides being nearly a stranger n the district, none were likely to recog- nise him. He would go quietly away, obtain employment, and watch the trial of his enemy. Perhaps even go and see him hanged. Ha, ha, ha ! ******* It was a flaming hot day for the time of year, and the flock spread far out over the plain began to draw together under the shade of a group of scattered trees. The shepherd already reclined beneath a solitary pine a little remote from the others. He was a young man only a few years beyond boyhood, though he looked much older. Once fair and smooth skinned, he was now burnt, tanned, and unhealthy. Chin and head were covered with a short stubbly growth. His lips worked fitfully, as if he thought aloud, but no word was uttered. The face looked sadly vacant, except the eyes ; bright, roving, they seemed to absorb every object and retain none. A stranger passing by would probably merely observe, "That shepherd is a peculiar looking fellow." A kinder, more friendly eye observer would mournfully say, "What a wreck." Presently the shepherd rose restlessly to his feet and directed his gaze across the dead level to where the flock, now strung out, were nearing the timber. In the deceptive wavering heat-light they appeared as one vast fantastic creature crawling or wriggling like a serpent over the moving, shimmering surface of the plain, at other times no bigger than ants. To the affrighted gaze of the demented being whose eyes were fastened on them they were unaccountable, inexplicable. Then the mirage enveloped them, took them up, and made monsters of them — gigantic, terrible as the very demons of hell itself. With a shriek that rang far through the still air the shepherd fled away, pursued by every demoniac shape the atmosphere and his distorted imagina- tion had conjured up. ******* "The new shepherd has come in, sir, as mad as a hatter," reported the over- seer to Mr. Gunning, owner o Moolule. "I thought you made a mistake putting him on, Gates ; he had every appearance of being wrong in the head," replied the squatter. "What have you done with him ?" " We were compelled to strap him down to the bunk in the men's hut ; he is dangerous," answered Gates. " I'll go down and see the poor fellow." He was a pitiable object — his eyes glaring, his foaming lips uttering the foulest, most furious curses, while the strong frame to which he was bound creaked and strained with his frantic struggles. This could not continue long, and utterly exhausted he at length lay still, moaning, gibing, laughing, as the fit took him. "You are Dugald Dunmore," he sud- denly shouted furiously, as his glance fell on Mr. Gunning's tall form, "and not hung yet. Well, I won't say a word until you are," and he subsided into silence and soon fell into a sound sleep. For three days he lay, sometimes raving but so tractable and quiet that the straps were removed and he was left at liberty, no regular watch being kept, though a man slept in his room. One morning Mr. Gunning walked up to the hut to learn how he had passed the night. As he opened the door the madman leaped from his bed stark naked, a knife in his hand, and made straight at him. For a moment the squatter stood as if he would bar his passage, then he stepped aside, and the maniac dashed through with a whoop of triumph; and sped away. Two men stood near, and at a word from their master they joined in the pursuit. For a time it seemed as if it would be in vain, but the squatter was young and spare, and a few years ago was the best runner at the Sydney Grammar School. He had flung off his coat at the start, and taking it coolly he gradually gained upon the madman. Occasionally looking back, the latter perceived this, and he began dodging among the trees, finally hiding behind a large trunk. A few more strides and Gunning was in front of him. With the fierce snarl of a wild beast at bay the naked man sprang at him, and in a second more they were locked in a deadly embrace. For a brief space they strained with equal strength, then the slight form of the lunatic col- lapsed and he sank limp and powerless to the ground. When carried to the hut and placed in bed he seemed to have lucid intervals and frequently mentioned the names of Harkle, Dunmore, and Cassy Bolt. In about an hour he sank into a profound sleep, which lasted till the following morning, and when he awoke he was in his right mind but weak as a child. The door opened, a familiar step en- tered, and a familiar voice cried — " Is this your sick man, Gunning ? Well, my poor fellow, I hear you have been men- tioning my name. Do you know me ?" The sick man gazed upon him in speechless bewilderment. " What ? No, it can't be, yet it is Frank Kentall. Why, man, I saw you dead and buried,' cries Mr. Harkle, in astonishment. "I am Frank Kentall," was the answer ; " Dugald Dunmore tried to kill me." Then he told his tale and how he determined to hide himself and keep silence until the law had taken its course. Mr. Harkle was horrified. "He tried to murder me," the sick man reiterated, "he took from me the woman I love. Was I alone to suffer, and he to go free with her ? I could not bear that." "And so," cried Harkle with bitter slowness, "you have allowed Dugald Dunmore to be hanged to-day for a murder he never committed ?" "Hanged to-day," repeated the dying man, raising himself. "Then — I — am — the — murderer." And he fell back dead. * . * * * * * Who was the dead wretch buried for Frank Kentall ? A poor waif, wandering away from the Royal Arms half or wholly mad after a fearful debauch upon Mr. Bolt's firewater, saw the handkerchief that dropped from the pocket of the young Englishman. Its gay colors flut- tering a few feet down the bank of the river at the Yellow Cliff attracted his attention. He climbed down to obtain it. Having tied it round his throat he thought he would slack his consuming thirst with the water gurgling so tempt- ingly below. The soil gave way under his clumsy unsteady footsteps, and he was precipitated into the swirling current and swept helplessly away for the fishes and birds to feast upon. 