TO DAV. MONDAY, JULY SO. AUCTIONS. ll ».m., lt, Foulkes nnd Co., Bank Auction Rcomg. Bnela, MKKTINOS-* \ 8 p.m.. School of A rta. Ambulance Lecture, by Dr Stuart, AMUSEMENTS. «.pm., Theatre Royal, Síflde Murray'* «'Oxford" Company. A court for,the hearing of appeals against tho valuation of property in Rockhampton, will be held before the Police Magistrate to- day. Them are only eleven appellants. Mr. Slade Murray's Oxford Company con- tinued their season in tho Theatre Royal on Saturday evening, when an entirely new selection was given. As on the previous evening, thc first part consisted of what may be called a musical entertainment, which was welt received. This part of the programme was brought to a conclusion with a comic ghost scene, seemingly introduced to enable the various members to moko successively a graceful exit. After a short interval Mr. J. Hamilton gave a coster song and dance, " Old Kent Road," followed by an overture on a one-stringed fiddle, ofhisown make, both being heartily applauded. The Leopold Brothers went through their acrobatic performance, some of the feats ticing exceedingly clever. A duet between Miss Harte and Mr. W. Stevens followed, and then Mr. Slade Murray gave three or four character songs, each being well received. Miss Akarman and Mr. 3. Collins caused much laughter with their rendering of " Man, Poor Man," and Mr. fl. Leopold went through a series of feats with his dog "Nipper," which were very well done, the applause with which they were greeted being seemingly ns satisfactory to the dog as the master. A musical act by Mr. ¡St. George followed, and the entertainment closed with a one-act comedy entitled " Bibbs land Dibbs," which created much laughter. I During the "evening Mr. Slade Murray ad idressod the audience in apology for being unable to fulfil his promise to givo a Sunday i concert owing to tho Oddfellows' Hall, where : he proposed to give it, being secured for another purpose. The season will be con- tinued to-night, when an entire change of programme will be givon. A carrier's license was granted on Saturday ! to Mr. H. Codd. Tho weather at Beaudesert, South Queens- land, lately haB been bitterly cold. A bucket of water at the back of the Telegraph Office on Tuesday morning last had a solid Muck of ice about 3 in. or 4 iu. thick upon it. With reference to thc paragraph in a rcccut issue concerning the manufacture of arrow- root, a gentleman in town on Saturday states that Messrs. Mark and Misfeld, of Curdoroy Creek, near Yeppoon, have this season had ?heavy crops, which they arc converting into the marketable article. With regard to the accident which happened to Mr. James Spiers, head teacher of the East Toowoomba State .School, und late'of the North Rockhampton Stutc School, s telegram was received in town on Friday night from Rev. J. Glover, stating he Iud seen Mr. Spiers in thc hospital, hut he was still unconscious. By thc mail train which caine from the west yesterday títere arrived two prisoners from Barcaldine under thc charge of Con- stable O'Mallcy. The one was a Chinainnu named Ali Gow, sentenced at Barcaldine to to three years' imprisonment. The other was a Kanaka named Bunda Bunda, who ¡B under committal for rape on a girl at Barcaldine to the next sitting of the .Supreme Court in Rockhampton, to bo held on thc 18th of Sep- tember. At the Native Cut diggings the other day a dog captured a laughing jackass with a snake about 4 ft. long bi its mouth, and fetched bird and reptile to its master, Mr. Audorsou, of Duaringa, who tied the bird's beak with a piece of string, and brought it into town, still with the deud reptile in its mouth. The curiosity was Been by many people in Rock- hampton on Saturday morning. The jackass had taken the snake head first, and, apparently, suffered no ill effects from it. The following is the report of the Port Curtis and Leichhardt Districts Hospital for the week ended thc27th instant :-Remaining in the Hospital on the 20th instant : Males, 26 ; females, 17. Admitted during the week : Males, 9; females, 2. Discharged: Males, 4 ; females, 4. Remaining on the 27th instant : Males, 31 ; females, 15. The Resi- dent Medical Officer acknowledges with thanks the receipt of flowers from St. Paul's Guild, illustrated papers from the Sisters of Mercy, books and illustrated papers from Miss Wilkinson, papers from Mr. R. Wilkins, and fish from Mr. G. Merry. Messrs. E. B. Moyle, D. Martin, and T. K. Higson form the visiting committee for the month. Ia connection with the congratulatory message sent to the governors of the Aus- tralian colonies by the Prince of Wales on the occasion of the recent anniversary of the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company, says tiie Britbant Courier of Wednesday, it is interesting to note the short space of time occupied in transmission. The message and reply consisted in each case of a cipher word in accordance with a code previously arranged. The UDOS bad been cleared beforehand, and the message to tbe Governor of Queensland was despatched from London at near midnight on Friday, which would correspond to about 10 a.m. on Saturday in Brisbane. The mes- sage reached here at eight minutes past ten o'clock on Saturday morning, and the reply was sent away a minute later, so that the Prince of Wales would no doubt receive it before he left the room in which the celebra . tion was being held in London, The weather, which has been close and. muggy, for tbe two previous days, became showery on Saturday morning, and up till nine o'clock 0-05 in. of rain bad fallen. Thence fine weather prevailed ; but the temperature was much higher than ordinarily, and, altogether, there were indications of further rain. The reports received by the Government Meteorological Observer at 9 a.m. on Saturday were as follow :-Rain : Rockhampton, OW in.; Bustard Head, 0-06in.; Emu Park, 018 in.; Gladstone, 0*04in.; Miriam Vale, OOS in.; Yeppoon, - 005io. ; Cape Capricorn and Gatcombe Head, showery ; Bloomsbury, OHS in.; Inskip Paint, ' 0«6in.; Maryborough, 0 05in.; Woody Island, 0*06 in.; Flat-top Island and Walkerston, showery. Temperature: Rock- hampton, maximum 76°, nuuimum 57*; Alice, 74*-53"; Bustard Head, 08*-58°; Clermont, 70*-57*; Emerald, 73"-55"; Gat- combe Head, 72*-60°; St, Lawrence, 71*-50*; Springsure, 75°-51*; Brisbane, 67°-48*; Mackay, 68°-60° 