NEWS OF THE DAY. Somo of tho cable moaBagea which w. publiah this morning appeared in portion of ycaterday'a issue. 1'reaaurc of public buainosa lifts compelled tho Premier to announce that ho can rcoolvo no moro deputations beyond thoae already arranged for until after tho present cession. His spare time is completely taken up in arranging ttie details of tho bills whioh will ombody his taxa tion proposals ; and besides, if Parliament is going to sit from morning uutil.nfght, tlio mero businoss of Parliament aluno will absorb his ontiro nttention. Tlio woman's suffrage depu tation will bo tho last v/hiob tbo Premior will rcceivo boforo tho Christmas holidays. It appears now that it is not intended to ask the defence Inquiry board to investigate tlio efficiency of the defence force or to defina tlio worlc whioli should bo performed by the military nnd naval stair. Tho solo objeot of tho inquiry is to datermino what savings can bo effected, nnd with that view tbo board will inquire into tho pay of tlio naval and military forces to soo what reductions can bo made in the travelling, camp, field and forage allowances, all of whioh run into a largo sum ; nnd a oritioal oyo will also be cast on the medieal allowances, whioh, in a vain endeavor to copy the Imperial system of providing medical attendance for tho wives and families of officers and men in the service, have swelled into a large amount. Tho boatdwill he a puroly honorary body, and Mr. Savage, chief olerk in the Defenoo department, will fill tho position of secretary. Tho first meeting will take piaoo on Tuesday next. This is tho laBt day for tho granting of elec tors' rights, nnd tlioso whoso names are not on the oleotoral rcgistor Bliould soa that thoy aro enrolled. A large number of people found them selves disfranchised at tho last election owing to thoir negleot to take out rights, and in view of tlio now intorost whioh is likoly to be taken iu political matters as tho result of direut taxation, there will bo a greater desire than ever for the privileges of tho franchiao. The offices of tho various eleotoral registrars iu tlio oity and suburbs will be open until 10 o'clock this evsning for tho convenience of those who cannot register during tho day. By the It. M.S. Oceana, whioh loaves Mel- bonrno for London to-day, 400 tons of butter will bo shipped and n quantity of other pro duce. Every precaution is being taken by tbe Agri cultural department to see tbat only butler of the finest quality is sout to England under tbe Government brand. The Ministor of Agricul ture, after making inquiries, is quito convinced that doubtful, not to eay inferior, butters ar. stamped with brands similar to those of well known faotories whioh havo a high reputation on tho London market, and the praotio. is one whioh is likely to do considerable harm to the Victorian butter trade. Mr. Taverner thinks tbo officials at tho patents office could givo soma assistance iu checking the duplication of brands or prevent ing imitations. ' Brands that identify n par ticular olais of produce aro supposed to bo regis tered, and whenever anyone presents for regis tration a brand designed to imitate one already in existence it should bo refused. In the mean time, however, Mr. Wilson, tho dairy expert, has received iustrnotious to keep a sharp look out for mixed butter, and whenever its prcsenoo is deolarcd the boxes should be plainly branded "pastry," Tlie sudden spoil of hot weather at the begin ning of tlie week made it a matter of extreme difficulty to get butter by rait from tbe country factoriea to Melbourne in a aound condition. On arrival at tlio refrigerating depot at Flinders- street several of the consignments of butter wore almost reduced to oil. In somo instances tho boxes were broken right in two; but rougli handling, and not the hot weather, is held to bo lesponsibls for breakegos. Several boxes had to be repacked at tlio depot before being fit to put into tho rofrigeratiug chamber. Tho condition of ths butter was brought under the notioc of the abairman of tho Ilaiiway Commissioners, Mr. Syder, by tlie secretary of tho Dairymen's Association of Vic toria, who, in pointing out tbe injury butter in tended for export was sustaining by being over heated iu transit to Melbourne by rail, asked to have " iced" T T trucks used during extremely hot weather until tbo new cool trucks would he ready, and .if the T T trucks could not bo supplied when might it be expected that the first instalment of tlio new ouol truoke would be available? Mr. Syder oxpiained that as the department's own plant for the manufaoture of ice was not yot ready, it would uot pay to dospatoh T T trucks to the northern lines for butter. All being well, however, Mr. Syder informed Mr. M'Naughton, a few of tbe cool trucks would bo ready by tbo 5th inst., and others a few days later on. Ah soon as those truoks aro ready, the Railway department expects to he able to cope witlr the butter trafflo iu a satiefaotory manner to tbe producors, ae tlio inside toinperuturc of these truoks, even during the hottest weather, will, it is bslioved, novcr exceed from 55 to CO dog. The Tariff Inquiry Board having found that the whole of next Tuesday's sitting will bo taken up in completing tho evidouee in regard to the tobacco trade, has postponed its inquiry on stationery and similar goods till "Wednesday at 11 n.m. Village settlement, whether under Govern mental or private auspices, seems to be fated for disaster. The sorrows of the Tuoker dcttlements have been freely ventilated before the Minister of Lands, aud a doputatlou from thu Red Hill settlement, ono of the Tuoker group, yosterday laid their ease before the Premier. Among those who oooompanied the petitioners were Mr. Deakin, Mr. It. M. Smith, Mr- Prcndergast and Mr. Baker, M's.L.A. It was stated that the association is in fiuauaial difficulties, the ground on whioh the settlors have been worlcingand tho improvements having been mortgagsd to the Oommeroiai Bank. They wore appre hensive of beiug turned off, and thoy asked the Government either to oome to their assist- ance nnd liquidate their elts, or failing that to suggest some arrangomont whioh would enable the settlement to retain the land on extended or more reasonable term. The Minister of Lands who was present at tlio interview, said ho had mado an offer that if the oreditors would nooent £1000 in paymont of tho whole of the li». bilities, whioh would be somothing like 10s. In tlio pound, he would bring the matter under tlio notice of tlie Onbinet and recommend it for favorable consideration. After somo discussion It was agreed that Mr. R. M. Smith should see somo of tho oreditors nnd endeavor to oomo to somo arrangement, and it wnB nlso decided that Mr. H. IL Champion, who represented the Rev. Dr. Strong and the Rev. Horaoo Tuoker should consult with these gentlemen with re gard to their personal liability, from wiiloh the settlers wero most anxious they should ho m Moved. A cheap exenrsion train will run to-day f0 Trenthnm and Dnylesford, and also to Msoedon and IVoodund, leaving Spenoor-streotat9,5a,in The train will arrive in Melbourne on return at 9.50 p-m. Trains will run to-morrow to Healesville Fern Tree Gully, starting from Prinoes-brldgo at 11 a.m., and allowing a good interval tot te. creation in the bills boforo returning to Mel. bourne. An extra train will bo in readiness to provide for pressure of traffic. , An nppoal from a deolsion of Mr. Justice ' Hodges was beard in tlio Full Court yesterday in tbe matter of James Lamsoy and tbo Medical Aot 1890. Lamsoy, better known ns Law; in Bondigo nnd Heatlioote, wliers ho praotiaod as a olioinist, applied to tlio Pharmacy Board for a certificate of reglitration as a ohemiBt, and tho board refused tho application. Ho then appealed to Mr. Justice Hodgos, who hold tbat be had not complied with tlio aot, inasmnoh ns ho had not kept an "open akop for dispensing ths prescriptions of logaliy qualified medical practitioners for a period of two months prior to tlio yoar 1877, "-as required by tlio not. Against this decision the applicant, who is doseribod as a Chinese doctor, appealed to the Full Court, which held that the matter was ono whioli lay within the discretion of tho Pbsr. mnoy Board, nnd thoy would not interfere with that discretion. Tlio nppeal was accordingly dismissed, with costs. Mr. Irvine, instruoted by Mr. C. J. Ilnrrow, appsnrod for tlio Pharmaoy Board ; and Mr. Pennofathcr, instruoted by Dr. Mullen, for the applicant. Vacancies for hand teaohors in the first class exist In tho following soliools 210, Eagle, hawk : 253, Footaoray ; 583, South Ynrra ; 1181 Albert Park ; 1252, Carlton Nortli ; 1253, South Melbourne ; 1360, Clifton Hill; 1396, ffioli- mond ; 1402, North Melbourne ; 1427, p0,t Melbourne ; 1467, Prnltrnn North ; 1479, st, Kiidn; 1490, Fitzroy ; 1852, South Melbourne; 2374, Kensington. A lioad tenoher in tbe Hcoond class is roqulretl nt 1492, Asliby. Head tonohors in tho scoond olnss nro advertised for at :— 343, Kynston ; 489, Portland ; 800, Ararat; 824, Goworviilo ; 1436, Ballaiat ; 1560, Beech- worth ; 2083, Brighton East. A first male assistant in the third class is required at 1427 Port Melbourne. Tho Roman Catboiio clergy of tho archdiocese . of Molhouriie will on Tuesday next bo assembled under tlio presidency of tho arolibisliop in St. Patrick's Catliedr.il. Tlio occasion of this assemblage is the holding of what is called the nnnual synod to whioh by Episoopnl "indiotion" or citation tho whole body of clrrgy is summoned under tlio usual threat of ennonioal pains and ponalties in dofnulb of attondanoc. 'Tlio pro- oeodings opon with tlie oelobration of "The Mass of tlio Holy Ghost," to beg forsneli light and fortitude as tho olergy, from tlio president downwards, may need during their sittings. Aftor tho mass, to whioli the laity are admitted, lias been said, tho olergy alone remain in the church, all others having been rigidly dinnlsied. Business is then aonducted with oloied doors, and oonsists mainly in calling tho rolls, in observing forms of prayer, iu introducing or recasting, if needed, terms of lcgialation of a disciplinary ohxrnotcr. Tho measures, whether new or remodelled, will hare boon already framed and declared final, in camera, at a meeting of the spiritual head uf the dioooseand a few clerical advisers, and will bo read, as of immediate force, to tho olergy assembled. The meeting la not deliberative, nor can any. olaim a right to dieouss, movo to amend or striko out nny inensuro or law imposed. Thua tho intoroatiiig episodes of resolutions, heated deolainatioii, mutual recrimination and personaiisin being provldod ngainst, the meeting becomes on tlie ooutraiy scveiely decorous and constrained. The ad monition of tho Ordinary to tlio clorgy and the roadiug of tlie school inspector's report form tho greater part of tlie synodal business, which is usually concludod tho saino day. Amongst the business to ho dono at a meeting of the Melbourne City Couneil, whioh lias been convened for Monday afternoon, is tho con sideration of a report from tho public works committoo recommending tlio affixing of the oorpornto seal to a contract entered into jointly by tlie councils of Melbourne, Prnhran and Riolunond with Mr. W. M. Daiton, for tlie con. atruotion of a footbridge aoross tho Yarra at Punt-road. Tho national holiday of 1895 promises to prose ono of tho most successful demonstrations held in connection with tho Australian Natives' Association. Soveral committees havo been actively nt work, and the details aro now so far advanced that the tickets for tho fute and art union for the boncfit of tho Victorian charities will bo available early next week. A feature of tlio celebration is tbo distribution of over £1250 in spurts and nrt union prizes, tlio first prize in tlio latter being real estate in uny part of Australasia, or a tourist's ticket valued at £350. Tbe Exhibition Building and grounds have keen re served for tho occasion, and judging by tbo largo orders for tiokcts from all parts of Australia, tlie enterprising promoters slioulJ bo well rewarded for their labors in tbe in- tercats of tho oharities. Tho priuaipal attraction to soeksrs of amnst- ment this afternoon will b« the Spring Meeting of the Melbourno Bioyolo Olub, which com mences on tlio Melbourno Crioket Ground at 2.15 and will be finished next Saturday. Ths Austral Wheel Race is the ohicf item iu a very attraotivo programme of evonts, and will be run Indicate, 93 of the original 117 entrants having accepted after seciug their handicaps. Tbo final heat, in which the first five finishing in oaoh of the four preliminary heats will be quali fied to oompete, takes place next Saturday. Eiaborato arraiigomvnts have boon made by the oommitteo of management, who expect tbo gathering of visitors to be oue of the largest ever Boon on tlio ground. Tho distribution of prizes won at ths Victorian Rills Association matobos last week will take place on Friday evening next in tlie Town Hall. Sir John Madden, the Ohlof Justioe, will pre side, and present tho prizes, in the absence of the Governor. On 8th and 9th February, a "tattoo" or military entertainment will he held in the Exhibition Building, in aid of tbe charities. A number of novel features will be introduced, in addition to the musical programme, whioh will employ eight bands, some of whioli are already beginning to prepare for the perforinenoe. Tho military display will be conducted in the latest Islington style, and bearing in mind the success nf tho last ovent of tile kind, the approaching one should attract a great attendance. An nnnual entertainment, always a vory great attraction for juveniles, is to bo given on Mon day evening in tbo town hall, Melbourne, by Mrs. nnd Miss Greon to ttisir dauoing pupils in the form of a fancy dress ball for children. Amongst tbo novolties to be producod will bo skirt, step and artistic dances of an up to date character, tho celebrated serpentine dauot and other snitntory masterpieces. Visitors who attend by invitation nru udmittod to the floor of tho hall, but tho public and friends who have not invitations may obtain seats in the galleries on payment of ailvortiBcd fees. Sir John and Lady Madden, the Mayor and Mayoress of Melbourne, tuid Sir Graham and Lady Berrf aro expected io be present, and tlio proceed, will bo distributed amongst the Womon's Hospital, St. Vincent's Hospital, Bliml Asylums anil Hebrew Ladies' Benevolent Sooicty, Tlio Cathedral Fair hss been so successful It scoma probable that it vjill be continued for another weak. The attendance last night wss very large to listen to tho Ourlsws.witli tlio club oroheatra. Thoy were ably helped by tbo united oboirs of tlio Ontholio Cburohcs. There will be ft matMc to-day, when ft good pro gramme will be gone through— performing doge, Punch and Judy, «fcc. To-night the Railway Musical Society will give a grand' instrumental performance) ; their cxcoliont orchestra numbers 52 performers. A display of dancing will be given by Mrs. Green's pupils, and aorao little actors will perform. At 3 o'clock medals and prizes will bo distributed. The Bishop of Melbourne will preach In St Judo's Church, Carlton, to-morrow morning. The sale of gifts at Hawthorn WeMeyan Church is hoin/r continued this afternoon and evening. See advertisement A public temperance mooting will be hold in the IVmporaoeo ilu.ll, Russell-street, to- morrow oven- ing, at 7.30 p.m. 'J'liu steamer Courier to-morrow runs to Portar lington and Ueeloitp, departing from Queen's Wharf at 11a.m. Wo have received the December number of tho Australian Herald , containing articles by the Rov, Dr. Strong, Mr. 11. If. Champion, And others. An interesting orchestral service will bo con- ducted by the Rev. Alox. C. Henderson, B.P., In tho Unitarian Church, Croy-strcet, to-morrow eveniug at 7 o'clock. 'I'ho paddle steuntor Hygela will conimenco her re gular daily running in tho Hay trado to day, leaving the Port Molhotirrin l'iorat2 p.m. forQueotiscIlff and .Sorrento. To-morrow she goes to the same ports, starting from Port Melbourne at 11.10 rum. We aro requested to call attention to a notifica tion in another columu from Mr. IT. It, Lane, J.P., formerly president of tho Lillydule shire council, announcing his candidature for tho Prahrnn city council. Tho Victorian Rangers' Military Rand, by permis sion of Limit. -Col. A. 15. Otter, will give a perform ance of music in tho Botanic Ganlonn on Sunday, in aid of tho United Service Home. Collections to be takon up by moinburs of tho Victorian Rangers. It is announced that tho 1\8. Ozrmo will run cheap aftornomi excursions to Schtmppcr Point to day and to-morrow, starting from tuo Port Mel bourne railway pier at 2.30 p.m. and 3 p.m. respec tively, calling in at St. Kilda to embark and land passengers on botli days. Tho faro each day will be 2s. rolurn. A gnrdon fdto and variety fair is announced to be tn.dny (If. »Im wit.lmwH nf Air- Jtoolh, Caohwood, Teniiyson Htreot, St. Kildo. A variety of amusements mdtablo for oM and young will be provided during the day, and in the evening, at 8 and 9 o'clock, moving pastoral tableaux will be exhibited for the llrst time In Melbourne. Refreshment, produce, sweois, flowers and fancy stalls, presided over by ladies of tho district, will be a feature of the enter tainment. A banrl will perform and vocal music will bo given for the unjnymonb of tho visitors. Mr. P. S. Marshall, who for tho last 14 years 1ms been head master of the Kensington Stale school, and who has lately rotired from tho service to tAko up tho position of chief of tho Country Firo Brigades Board, was yosterday presented with a handsome liqueur stand and not of cutlery, subscribed for by the teachers and pupils of the school. A silver salvor was also presented to Mrs. Marshal). In making the presentation, Cr. Durham referred in eulogistic terms to the excellent work Mr. Marshall bad dona during the Inst 14 years, and said that tho school was acknowledged to hu ono of 'the best hi the colony and Imd been for several years rated at 100 pur cent., the highest standard attainable. 