ilVERYETOH A SOLDIER BY JOHN STRANGE WINTER, Author of "Bootle's Baby," "Beautiful Jim," Army Society," Garrison Gossip," The Soul of the Bishop, &c.; [All Rights Reserved.] CHAPTER XXXIV. The SmoNo Right Aem. 2 The golden age is before us, not behind us. St. Simon. When Jill Atkinson had fairly gone, and Katey realised that the interview was over, she sank down upon the little sofa and hid her face against the cushions. She did not sob or cry her heart out, or do anything of that kind ; no, she just laid there, with her brain in a whirl, her heart beating hard, and her firm resolution wavering until it was on the point of giving way altogether. And after a long time she sat up, brushed the heavy hair off her temples, and tried to realise all that had happened. What had she said to Jill to make her threaten such a horrible thing as that she would give John Sylvester the clue to her whereabouts? She went over the whole interview, over it again and again and again, bow Jill had said she ought to be slapped-well, she supposed that was quite true, indeed, she knew that it was quite true and then Jill had got angry with her. What had she said to make her so angry? Try as she could she could not remember,' only that Jill had said she would let John Sylvester know where he might find her she would let John Sylvester know where he might find her ! Silo wondered in a dull kind of way whether Jill was a little in love with Phil Jervis herself. Ah, that was what had made her so angry 1 Well, she supposed that she ought not to have said that, and that Jill had every right to be angry, but she had no right to betray her confidence, and yet, there had been no oona dence except in so far as her address in Cronstadt-road was concerned. Her eyes presently fell upon Jervis's letter, which will had laid upon the table after she had read it, and by what curious train of thought I cannot tell you, but the sight of that letter hardened Kate's heart, and as she put it back in the envelope and looked it away in her desk, she resolutely made up her mind that she would keep to her word, that she would not see him, that she would not forget or overlook the past. Jill might do her worst, but Katey made up her mind that she would be firm. So the day went over and the next and the next, until the evening of the sixth day had come, when she received a letter from Jill a characteristic letter enough. "My dear Kate," she said, "I am still frightfullyanery with you, and shall be for a long time, but if is no use going on like ituXaod ooflfidóhce'or no confidence, I have told Mr. Jervis that I have seen you, and where he will find you. He also is beginning to feel some of your pride, and be hesitates to force himself upon you against your will. So I leave it for you two to decide for yourselves, and will not let John Sylvester know your whereabouts just yet. I dare say this will make you very angry, but I cannot help that. You must be vexed or not, just as you please. Your friend, Jill Atkinson." By another post she received another letter from Jervis. " Miss Atkinson," he said, " has been good enough to tell me that she has been to see you, and pas given me your address. I can only reiterate what I said to you in my last letter. My dear child, if at any'timeyçu want me, you need only write to any club or to my regi- ment ; you will always know where to find me. The rest I leave to yourself, Yours as always, Phil." And Kate's heart was hardened yet further, until she would have been a very fitting and suitable consort for that exceeding tiresome gentleman, King Pharaoh. She received it, and she looked it away with the other, not having the smallest intention of ever replying to either. And so several days went by, days that were weary and unhappy, evenings whose work was becoming stale and unprofitable, nights whom sleep refused to be friends with her let her be as seductive as she would-very unhappy days. They got over somehow, and Katey grew paler and more dejected. She ate less and loss, and sat during all her spare hours crouched among the cushions of the old sofa, hugging the pride which had made her so wretched. And then there came an evening when, turning her head, she caught sight of a pair of eyes in the front row of the stalls, a pair of eyes that she knew a pair of eyes that she dreaded, a face which was utterly repulsive to her; lips that she would have died rather than touch with her own and her heart seemed to stand still in her breast, while with, wild dismay there shot through her brain the words, " Jill has told him 1 Jill has told him !" She didn't know how she got through the rest of the play, but there John Sylvester sat, glaring at her furiously, following her every movement with the eye of a hawk and the stealth of a cat, and time after thnoMier eyes crept round to his as the needle creeps towards the magnet. Oh, What a night it was! She literally staggered into the arms of the clever actor who was playing the lead when she made one of her exits and ran up against the wings breathless and 'panting. *' "What is the matter, Miss Vere ?" he asked. " Don't you feel well ?" "Oh, no" " Can I get you anything ? Shall I send for some water for you?" " No. You are very good. It is nothing." " Why, you look as if you had seen a ghost. "I have seen worse than a ghost," said Katey. " Somebody in front ?" " Yes." " What sort of a somebody ? A man ?" "Yes," said Katey, shuddering. "Oh, well, you know, he can't come round, here." " No, but he is I am afraid of him," She looked up piteously at the tall actor, who, with the kindly familiarity, of his profession, patted her on the elbow, and reminded her that strangers could never come behind, that she had only to get into a cab to be safely out of Chat road. "You are sure you are all right," he said, hurriedly, " because I am on in another instant." Then turned from her and passed on the stage. Katey had not to change her dress, but it was the invariable custom of all to go back to their dressing-rooms, and just touch. up themselves a little so as to keep fresh and tricia to the end of the performance. Katey went to her room, which she shared with another girl, quite mechanically, and walked straight to the large looking-glass. Her heart was still beating painfully, and her death-like pallor was visible even under her rouge and powder. She had only one hope, that he might not know the locality of the stage door that she might, as she was free a little before the piece was. at an end, change quickly and slip away before he could catch her. Then she had to debacle on to the stage again, to' move any speak display,, her unimportant part through the changeless glare of those terrible eyes. If Jgjbn Sylvester had suddenly levelled a revolver at Her she would not have been the, least'surprised--far from it, in fact; but he did nothing of that kind, as a matter of fact, he had come up to town with the restlessness of a disappointed heart, and had dropped into the Cornhill Theatre and had taken the only vacant seat in the house by pure accident.. He" had recognised Katey just as Jill and Miss Jack had done, and so engrossed, was he with the dainty little figure in cap' and apron filling hither and thither on the stage that he never gave a thought to the rest of the great audience, never realised that Jervis was sitting just behind him, that Jofvis had seen his start of recognition, and was watching horses closely as he was watching Katey. He was not conscious that when he had realised " that Katey's part in the play was over-upon which he immediately got up and went out of the theatre-that anyone was following him up but Jervis, who had no opinion of the" action of chivalry, was £ffh^B'h*"tef« to keep an eye T him -try at all a collar of his invernes landings this down over his eyebrows and on! 1 ''as' 'to him until he hadleftle£tre ÏEWowed enough to hear him asking where ,\\!a?eat door was to be found, and toSh;" -52 while he provided up and down ttfatókn.Hght street upon which it opened. 'narrow It is a good way round from v," , , Cornhill Theatre to the AS U? of the op a small and very greatest Yass than a lane. Jervis kept in & is more doorway and watched John SyheBt show a prowling up and down. off seemed, and the night was so dart v line " hear footsteps at the trend of the street, and when at last she came here plainly from his place of shelter S Sylvester say "Have I found you all-in t it you Katey 22 They were not the ¡"I// more than a couple of houses from him h,; he saw Katey shrink up against a m Bna heard her say, Who told you where ii 20" I have nothing to say to you. Don'Uuêmn't to interfere with me." exempt '. To interfere with you," Sylvester repeated all, who have sought you day and n 'b? who have mourned you, loved you I J »iZI is all you have to say to me. You shall 1 £3 me. I swear to you that you shall love me . " Never !" flashed out at him. " Yes I say yes, Katey," in a softer voice ¡rïmyou?"0'6',1117 faithfulness was nothing " Nothing," she cried, " I loathe you Your _ ive is an insult, your faithfulness is an impudence. I will have none of you-none of "And that other one-" he began. "No, you have nothing to do with that other one. He is nothing to you nor to me. If he were anything to me it would be no business of yours, but I will not have his name brough into this discussion. I would never have looked at you under any circumstances von have made me hate you too thoroughly Why need you force me to tell you all this once more ? I have said it to you over and over ' again. It is perfectly useless for you to waste another moment on me." " But I swear I will," he rejoined. I I have sworn that my wife you shall be and I mean to keep my word. Katey, don't tempt me any further- don't try me too much. Take me and I shall be as clay in your hands was spurn me and I may become even Your-' murderer !" He advanced a step or two towards her, and Katey made a rush to gain the busier end of the street. Just at the doorway, however, Sylvester caught her, and in his huge-grasp she was as powerless as a kitten in the mouth of a bulldog "No, no, don't do it!" she cried in tones of horror, which would have put perhaps any other man in the world completely out of concert with her. " If you dare to kiss me I will kill myself !" But John Sylvester was gone beyond having. Ho encircled her with one arm, and with his free hand forced her face upwards towards his own, and then something happened, for a hand closed like a vice of iron Upon the back of his 1 neck, and the next moment he found himself flung violently into the gutter.' "Lie there, you coward!"'said a voice that he knew but too well. "You pcstdemml hound ! Keep your Igjthly. kisses lot women that want them. alias Vincent, let me see you safe out of the reach of this amiable relative of yours. Pray don't tremble' so; really, it isn't worth it. I happened to be in the theatre, and I saw him recognise you. I know he would try to catch you here,' and so I followed him, feeling that you would be none the worse for my presence. I know your headdress ; you are much too unnerved to go home by train, do Ut me drive you home. You see I have not force I myself upon you, and if you will let me see you slip into your own house I promise you I hill not even speak to you on the way." Now Katey, as a matter of fact, rss trembling so violently that argument and even the legitimate use of her legs were both alike out of the question. She clung to him with both hands, turn teeth chattering with fear, her legs shaking under her, bed ' hands trembling and her eyes almost starting from her head with fright. " Oh, take me home," she whispered, between chattering teeth, " take me home. I am so frightened." So Jervis supported her to the corner of the street, and chartered the, smartest looking cab that he could see, helped her in, and got in after her. "Would you like the glass down?" to "No," she replied, still breathless with the excitement tbrough,which,sho had just gone. Apparently she was minded to keep him this word for she sat backen her corner, not 1 speaking, not mov»ng,vexcept/the'tiembhng of her limbs. And Jervis astonishes soldier, ), upright, calm, to all outward appearance, that I is, nor'did-he once open his lips. until they were passing Knightsbridge Barracks.'' " Are you cold ? 'Are you sure you would t like the window down ?!'.he*askod, as semifinal have asked his maiden aunt, or the daughter 0. his Colonel, or anybody with whom he was on I polite but distant terms. I of Just as you like," she replied. " I am not at all cold." . . "You are of course thoroughly upset a a frightened, ? hut I am only anxious that you should re-take. cold. We have a long way j t stage, you Iqiow."' ..'? ' " I like it up She replied. I Then they. relapsed into silence once mo.., 1 until viney had little fffWÍJM ! street Stapp. 'Sqe£09^ third race 0 I twice at first inrUvely^erCpth^n mph , expression whioh,'fis'he was looking straight ahead, he did not see. Once, she. half t out her hand, and then she said, in a very meek voice" , That'feUow'is'«W'^^f Sisera person..: I think he sought to be put a lunatic asylum myself- I am afraid -I rather annoying for you if he had ces in on other nights. Of coursing fret I happened to be one, sell two . 12. days more heavy; and really, there: is to the boat if you were to speak to the police aw "''.'. Yes," she replied. And then she relapse into silence again. timber On they went down the broad 21 smith road,, past the great asset Hol and Park, on between the Wink J lights, still in that port for d well FïAtT w ; think so. That one- little boy asked,, in that tone of Peel's $;er}IIe 0 quite enough for a man 1 ka Jem-. c", longer leant his arms upon the door I . staring out eggs out,. in a moment/jail the PaBl;;°°h present a'-. the future is "of oak murd turned into Paradise, and yet he" - one word-" Ka|^BEsp] In New YorktbeVe¡are now ^%%fo'l trained panaceas," for many a year and upward.. line w" ""n ghettos began her work about two years ago. care of an apartment house 