ISUfllfSEL PEJBELLI AN OUTCAST* it jourx xooriHG, »f “ Tin itocy rf Andrtw Fairfax,” [ xjtkn Sarterkiook," "ZilUh,” k*. f : [iu Bimti BbihtidJ \ Published by special arrangement with | Messrs. Ward, Loch and Bowden, Limited, 1 BOOK IV. : 1IABVEST. CHAPTER I. i HOW IT BEGAN. ' There are two angels that attend unseen Each one of ns, and in the great book Our good Bnd evil deeds. He who writes The good ones, after every action closes His volume, and ascends with it to God. The other keeps his dreadful day-book Tilfsunset, that we may repent; which The record of the action fades away, And leaves a line of white across the page. Now if any aot be good, as I believe it, It cannot be recalled. It is already Sealed np in Heaven, as a good deed accomplished. The rest is yonrs. —Longfellow. The time was the evening following the eight of the dark deed on the cliffs. The place was the library of Penwithen. Throughout the morning Benben had sat there brooding. Sometimes he felt safe from all danger, at other times he trembled ,t every sound. "When lunch was over he ould stay indoors no longer, eo he had irdered his horse to be saddled, and had idden to Tintagel, ostensibly on basinet s, mt really to hear what people were talking bout. To his surprise, nothing was said if Fraser. No one knew of his death. Men been working along the coast all the lorning, but no dead body had been seeD. Evidently the sea had not given up its ead. Well, so much the better for him. 'erhapB the body might float for days, and jen be washed on the beach at Padstow, ir New Quay, or Bode. It might be that o one would connect it with John Fraser. ,t worthy had told his tap-room com lanions again and again that he Bhould go America, where there wpb room for a ,n of his talents; and so suspicions Swould be diverted into other channels. jWell, he should Bay nothing. A great longing came to him to go to the scene of jhe struggle, but he said he would not lie weak enough for that. He had heard of pany murderers being discovered in that pay, but he would not be so foolish. And io he rode back to Penwithen for dinner, and appeared gay and happy all the time, nt directly the meal concluded he locked imself in the library again. A fire burned cheerfully in the grate, :e lamp on the table sent out a cheerful :ht, and Benben enjoyed his comfortable rroundings. He had not partaken of inch dinner, but, contrary to his usual istom, he had drunk several glasses of ine, and thus for the time, was flushed ith a false courage. In an hour or two influence would leave him, but at ent its power was grateful. He had sat about an hoar when a knock e to the door, and, on his opening it, a _ -ant gave him a note. " Any answer, Susan ?” he said absently. ‘No, sir; the boy that brought it is ‘ Do you know the boy P” Yes, sir; it was Jane Handy's boy— |e as was servant 'ere years agone." F“ Ah, thank you, Susan.” . |He spoke more kindly than usual. He tinted every one to tbink him cheerful Ed satisfied. He locked the door again, nwever, and, sitting down in his arm lair, opened the envelope. After that he jpked at the address. It was evidently kitten by a woman who had had little r ctice in the art of writing. Thus it ' to mr. Buban penwithn up to Penwithn.” ‘ Who can this be from ?” he mused, id then taking out the letter, read as 1 respected sur. i ope yu will souse me j ritin. yew was a good maaster to me ) to your ouso, an i thot yu wud like to ’> wot was goin on, so i am ritin this, ut ten o’clock this mornin that black red chap called Ishmul who do live up to ombBhed, corned in 'ere ses he ard to ark Missus Hendy. leg says i, tis a lot Jar bein marrid than beia in parvice like iron pp to penwithn, i was Jane Bipkett fen, as &d; a good time cos maaster pen Ahn wos .pish a good maaster, says i. fsa villin see ee, no sh thing ses i, eo i a good maaster b) me ef ever there i one, look ere ses ee, ees no rite to be re, an somebody els will be there nrpji, away see i, for i never did like that »p, ee allays made me feel oal creepy ie, well ses ee yon naw mrs hendy that [do ave curyns ways, and eeve got a ret, i’ve found it ont, ive got the thing re bin hidin for years, an you will soon | a new maaster to penwithn, tis in my ket ses ee slappin his jacket, and ee " oal curyus like ses ee i pint a bin i ool thalse years fur nothin, wot do |main pays i, you will soon naw Ees ee, i ee Bhawed his teeth again an looked ngfl round the eyes and went of. then i [to myself mr penwithn shud naw this Vi beant well nuff to walk fur at present ijsend my little boy without tellin any iy your obedient sarvent jane Hendy. " to mr Buben Penwithn ‘np to penwithn. Iplease sur ee said something bout your i bein in Bodmun jail,” hen Benben finished reading this Je he was trembling like an aspen leaf; n he had read it the second time a cold at Btood on bin forehead. Was the man a jonf How could he have found it? [ the letter refer to the will at all ? .He _e inhered Jane Hendy as a gossiping [ who had been servant at Penwithen, who was, nevertheless, honest and lould it he that ft had come to light jr all these years? ?ha± was the nBe of last night’s terrible 1 Bow I While he was struggling with ier, who he believed was the essential , this Nemesis must by some means e discovered the secret hiding-place found what he had sold his soul to 5Dh, devil, thou art a hard master J" jried. " Twenty-five years have I kept [thing a secret, and now it will come to . 1 shall be hissed at, stoned, driven the neighbourhood. Oh, father, did [rear me for this? Margery Gondge, ‘yon tempt me for thi» ? Come back, [old hag; come from your grave and "Be what I am to do 1" j read the letter a third time. Yes, It plain enongh. He had hid it all these I; last night he had taken the life of lellow-man to preserve his eecret, and SrthiB. Even his children would loathe though I He must think, think, toeing the will were found, suppose ael did hhs worst. What would be the tquence P The game might not be vV ho could say .the will was genuine ? 1 he not urge that it had been f orgod r was lehmael ? A nameless man, com ively, with unknown antecedents, would gain by the will P Ishmael and sother. Well, the mother had been d upon as mad, while lahmael was ily avoided as a myateriouc character, ould claim that the will was aforgery; leu if the case was decided against they would ho traasportod* At least, Ishmael would. Ah, the case was not so bad. For who could prove the will genuine ? No one. Tho two witnesses were dead. Margery had died years before; as for John Fraser, ho would never be heard of again. Who would acoept Ish mael’s statement f No one. He was a magistrate himself, and he knew. A man of his standing in tho county would be believed a thousand times before this man. Yes, he would fight to tho end. He read the letter again, and his mind turned into a different channel. Might not this be a hoax ? No doubt Jane Hendy had written the letter, no doubt, too, Ish mael had spoken to her j but had he not done this to frighten him P Should he go to Jane Hendy Bnd speak to her P No; that would give credence to Ishmael s statement, for, of course, there must be no will. No, no, Ishmael could never have found it. Why the place was unknown, and even if it was known, a hundred men might search and never find it. A dark hole difficult to see, and then—no, no, it could not be 1 Again ho perrsed the letter, and tho more he felt confirmed in his oiiuion. Ho looked at his watch. It was nine o’clock. He went to tho window and looked out. It was a wild night. The sky was leaden, and the winds howled fiercely. Tne pale crescent of the moon could not be seen. He could barely see the trees which sur rounded tho house, but between the gusts of wind he could hear the leaves dropping from the branches, which wero fast be coming bare. The winter was coming on errly. Ho went back to his chair and eat down again. He must know the truth of this, he could not rest until he was sure. It was essential that he should be certain, so that he might make his plans accordingly. He bad made up his mind to keep indoors during the evenings ; last night's work had instrnng his nerves and made him weak, Che memory of it was terrible. Still, the work was done, and he would no longer be harassed in that direction. Oh, if Ishmael floated by his side I " “ Yes, I’ll go and Bee,” ho said, at length; 11 it’ll be a terrible journey, bnt I'll go.” He looked at his watch again and con sidered, , “ The tide will be at its height at half past eleven,” he mused; “ by half- past twelve I can get along at the foot of the cliffi. If I atari from here at about a quarter to twelve I Bhall be able to manage easily. I wonder if there is any truth in the old folks’ stories 1 I wonder whether the ghosts of murdered people do appear a' night time J It’ll be a terrible journey; but—yes, I’ll go j I shall never rest till I'm certain." He got np and looksd in the glass. 111 look an o'd man,” he said, as he gazed on tho reflection of hU haggard l»ce. “Another twenty-four hours like the last has been and my hair will be white. Yes another hour, and it'll be twenty-four hours since I did it. Oh, I never thought it would come to this I ’’ He sat down again, and rocked to and fro in his misery. “ I’d better give it np," he cried, “ I’d better go to Ishmael and make terms with him. He’ll surely be willipg to make arrangements. I can give him Grace’s dowry. What if it does destroy the marriage arrangements? Grace would bo glad. I can see that she hates the thought of marrying Betillick, even although she’s laciificing herself for my sake. I wonder if he would, now ? No, no, I’ll not ask a favour of him; I’ll fight it to the end j lose cr win, I'll doit 1" At a quarter to twelve he put on a pair of thick boots an i a warm overcoat. Then he went to a cupboard and took therefrom a imall portable lamp, and placed it in his cvcrcoat pocket. Tbenhetovk some matches, jnd after striking two or three, to seo that they ignited easily, ho studied a minute, as if in doubt as to whether there was any tbiag more. He noiselessly opened the library door and stood in the dark passage. Ho remembered being there with Judith long years before. Ah, how Bhe loved him I ifes, that night wa3 the first step in the jreat sin which had ended twenty-five years ilierwards in murder. No, not that— justifiable homicide. He listened latently. AU was silent, no tonnd brok' the stillness of the night. He thought .he heard one of the servants breathing heavily, but that was ail. Every me was asleep but himself, and he felt as though he Bbonld never Bleep again. Like Macbeth,-he had murdered it. He turned the lamp low, and crept through the passage Into the kitchen, and then went out into the yard by the kitchen loor. A dog leaped forward with a low rrowl, but seeing who it was whined affec tionately and wagged its tail, as if expecting to accompany him. “I dare not take him," he muttered, 1 although he would be company. Lie down here in the kitchen, old man, and he.quiet.” The dog did as he waB bid, while Beuben, letting himself out again, hurried across the yard into the lane. He stood Btill and listened. Nothing could be heard save the wind moaning through the trees. He curried np the lane, stopping suddenly now ind then, as if in fear, but no one appeared, qo sound was heard. After a sharp walk he arrived at the cliff*, and b&w; far beneath him the restless, tur bulent sea. It was not so dark out here under the opeu sky as at Peuwitheo. The pale moon could be Been oftener, the clouds were ewopt more rapidly aoross the wild >ky, the night did not appear quite so He looked all aronnd him, anxiously, fear fully, and thenibreathed a Bigh of relief. No one was near.’ The spot was open, neither hedges nor houses were near, and so it would be impossible for any one to hide. It was terribly lonely. The nearest cottage was far away, and the howling wind, mingling with the roar of the sea, made him shudder. Flakes of foam were constantly blown against his face, so he knew that the Atlantic was in a furious mood. He walked on nntil he came to the precipitous footpath leading to the beach. For one who did not know every yard of the cliffs descent wonld be perilous, but Beuben did not hesitate, and in a few minutes stood on the hard sea sand. Yes, the tide was receding, and even now he saw a stretch of sand a lew feet wide. He went southward. Fancy the scene. On the one hand, towering ragged cliffs ,• above: a wild sky ; on the other, a storm-tossed angry sea hurling itself on the rock-bound coast. The time, midnight. All sound drowned by the incessant roar of the waves and the howling winds. "Everybody will be in bed,” muttered Bsuben ; “ no one bnt a man with hell in his heart would come to such a spot as this on such a night as this. My God 1 I wish I were back at Carloggas with an empty pocket and a light heart. ' On he trudged, now stumbling over the rooks, row splashing through some stream of water which ran towards the receding sea, bnt still making his way southward " I was a fool not to destroy it,” he went on at length; “ if I had, there would be no need of this. I should have done it, too, if I hadn’t been a cowardly fool. Oh, if that letter were only written to frighten me, and it is Btill there, I shall destroy it the moment I get back to Penwithen. Yes, I'll do it, though the ghost of old Michael appears before me and tellB me to stop, I can understand those old men’s stories now, I can see why they bargained with the devil. I'd gladly sell all the soul I’ve got to live in comfort all the rest of my life and be safe. There’d be joy and gladness in the thought; but those days are gone, all the old super stitions are destroyed," A great wave swept np, carrying with it a log of wood, and as the.water receded, left it lying before him. In the etormrlight it did not look nnllke the body of a man. He started back with a cry of terror, “ My God i " he cried, “ ’tie he I I can go no further, I am afraid, I dire not go past that thing." ; Something flapped does to his ear, and a ghastly screech froze the blood in his veins. It was only a sta bird which he had dis turbed, and which, as soon as it could, flew back to its shelter sgain ; bnt to Besbau it was the cry of a lost sonl, it was a wandering spirit which coaid fin, l no rest. : m it ya* like Ms cry Uit night wb« he fell 1 ” he gasped. 11 Oh, all the Penwithen lands, all tho money it has brought me, good name, and all the rest will not pay for this. I’ll go straight bach and let him do h.'s He turned around, and began to retrace bis steps, bat had only gone a few steps before he changed his mind " What of Grace and Bert?." he thought. "I'll tave them if I can. I promised thiir mother that I’d never neglect them, and 1 must save them. Poor, dear Amelia I Sbe gave her life for Grace I Ob, my darling I Can’t you help me now i No, no. If the: o’s a heaven, she’s there ; and the help I want can’t como from heaven." Once msre ho turned his face towards the south, and with trembling limb3 came to the spot where the log of wood still lay. He gave’a laugh, half if relief, half of misery. " It’s only a bit of sea drift 1 ” he cried. “ Oh, what a coward I am—a great, hulking coward 1 ” On he rushed, nnmindful of winds and waves. The stretch of sand was wider now, so there was no difficulty in walking. Presently a heap of rockB protruded them selves on to the beach, and then he stopped. " I shall soon know," hs cried. 11 An, if it's still there it shall soon be asbeB. I’ll burn it, in spite of all the dead men’s curses that were ever invented. Why, oh, why didn’t 1 do it years ago ?" He crept behind the great heap oE rock?, and found a fissure wide enough through which to Equetza his body ; then he crawled along a. few feet, until he was out of the wind. Outside the wind wailed and the sea surged, but here was shelter and rest. Taking his lamp from his pocket, he care fully lit it, and looked anxiously around him, after which' he went farther into the Letting the light fall on the ground, he examined the sandy floor. It had not been *isiurbed since the last flood tide, and no mark of a footstep was to bs seen. He looked upward, and everything appeared as It wa3 when he came there last. All was dark, gloomy, and silent. The sea sounded far away j he was alone—all, all alone. He stood still a second, as if afraid to act, and he Btiained his ears, as if he thought he heard something. No j all was silent as death. Ha made a step forward towards a dark corner of the cave. Hark, what was that P lie thought he heard a sound like the falling of a stone, and he listened again. No, he was mistaken ; he was simply afraid, tie whnt to the dark corner, and after looking awhile found an aperture. Into this he put his hand. He could feel nothing. Cold sweat trickled down^his face,’and his limb3 trembled. “ He must have found it 1 ” he gasped, “and I am lost I " Again he pushed his arm into the aperture, this time as far as he could reach, Hla Augers tonched something smooth and cold. He clutched it tightly and drew it ont. Safe I safe I ” he cried j •' I'm a man again. Let me burn this when I get home, and then what have 1 to fear J ” Unbuttoning his coat, he pat it into hii breast-pocket, then he carefally buttoned his coat again, and again he realised the haunting fear which he had felt long years before when old Margery met him aloog the coast and asked him lor the will. •• ft seemB to carry a curse with it," he muttered, " but it will be only for an hour." Once more he held np the lamp, bat in so doing knocked his arm, and the lamp fell from his hand. In picking it np he looked towards the entrance of the cave, and ho thought ho saw something shining, and quickly held the light towarus it, but nothing was to be seen. *• Another delation,’’ he moaned, " another delusion—ah, bnc I wish John Fraser was a delusion. Living or dead, he is a corse to me. Still, the will is safe, and the name of Penwithen will not be disgraced." ^ Ho gioped out of tho cave again, and in 4 few second later he stood under the oped eky. Madly he ruBhed along the beach; looking neither to the right nor left, and so he did not notice that he was followed. Ye$. is was so. A man bending almost to a donble kept near him all'the way, even as hd had done ever since he had left Penwithen. When ileubeu Penwithen had Btood on the cliff, and breathed a sigh of relief because he was un noticed, thii cieatnre had been lying flat on the ground; but his eyes were nover taken from the frenzied yeoman. When Reuben had turned and fled from the log that the waves had rolled on the shore, his follower crouched behind arock and watched, and when the frenzied man had entered the cave, and searched for the will, no movement went unnoticed. The watcher mattered ofttimes too j but he feared not. No ghostly visitants troubled him j all hiB thoughts were about tho man before him, whom he knew walked in hell. When Reuben hurried towards Penwithen, and stumbled sometimes as he trudged along the btach, hii watcher seemed to be un decided whether to make himself known, but he let him climb the cliff first, then, rushing np as easily as a chamois rushes up a mountain path, he Bttw that be must do his work quickly. Once on the headland again Benben’s heart beat lighter. Even the last night's deed did not trouble him so much now, and so, grimly smiling as he felt the packet lying safely over his heart, he journeyed rapidly towards his home. Presently, how ever, his quick ear detected a sound, and he was about to tain around when he felt a stealthy hand fasten itself upon his arm like tho grip of steel, while a low, mocking voice said to him : " I want to speak to you, Reuben Pen withen.” 