A WIFE'S CONFESSION. CHAPTEBXXXn. — (CoNTraum) ' I only 'want to know one thing1. Am I being of use to you, or are you only keeping me here because you iiMnlr you are bound ?' 'Oh — that all? If you never ask worse than that, you'll . do no harm. No ; I'm not keeping you here because I'm bound. Fm keeping you here because I must have some body here I can trust at a pinch, and ? ' 'Cynthia?' ; ' What do you know of Cynthia f Oh, I remember. I think there was : \- something to make one forget things : in that tea of yours.. No j I don't j want Cynthia. I don't want a single creature that knows me. I want some body with, whom I might start afresh, ' if need be. I don't want cleverness. ' I want — ?well, I want somebody, ? anybody who is good and yet will ? stand by me ; but I didn't come here ? to talk twaddle. Good night.' ; He left her abruptly^ and strode, in Ms heavy 'way, along the road. : And not till he was gone did she re- : collect that she had forgotten to tell him of her interview with Draycot i Morland — her confused reflections, her ; father's sudden arrival, and the effort : she had to make in order to restrain, in his presence, her eager thirst for light, had put out of her head what she felt might be a more important incident than it seemed. However, that could not be helped now j and, after all, the idea that any harm could come \o anybody but her self from such a casual meeting was a matter of instinct rather than of rea son. For the rest, that evening had given her thoughts ample food. This terrible and mysterious father of hers, Cain and Ishmael combined/ had im pressed her in a new way. It was the instinct which even blind and self conceited reason can trust which told her that, apart from conscience, apart from remorse, apart from outlawry, he was a most unhappy man. Why had he preached to her about domestic troubles P Why had he seemed to snatch at a stray hour's silent peace as men clutch at happy moments that just touGh the fingers without closing their wings? Was it grief for her dear mother, and a hopeless regret for what might have been ? There had been pathos in every gesture, in every 'tone, none the less true because he had been ashamed of it, and because he had tried to crush it down. In short, Marion felt that he was wretchedly human ; and her heart went out to him. And, indeed;* whither else in \- the whole wide world had her heart to go? The next day nothing happened. Nothing indeed— for she did not even go out sketching for fear (as she put it to herself) of again happening to meet Draycot Morland, who, being interpreted, signified Guy. She worked upon her indoor canvas, and with a quiet interest in her work which surprised herself, in her Ignorance of the way in which overstrung nerves will imitate, at a certain degree of tension, the calm that invariably prognosticates storm. It seemed to her as if , what ever happened, die had to finish that picture ; as if it were laid upon her that she should leave something in the world finished from her hands. It was an unconscious feeling only, without even a film of reason, or even of meaning ; but it had to be obeyed. And even likewise passed the next day, and the next Nothing happened save the gradual growth of the canvas into the broad Aske at low tide, with the grey, sloping woods beyond. It was a sunlit prospect ; but there was something gloomily solemn even in the sunlight. Her own soul was find ing its way into the scene. So absorbed did Bhe become in that indoor work, that she lost the will, as well as the heart, to go out of doors. But she miscalculated sadly if Bhe fancied that absorption in work, or any other sort of eelf-blinding pro cess, would have any better effect than the well-known contrivance of the ostrich for hiding from hunters. Mahomet came to the mountain— it -wae Draycot Morland himself who knocked on the knockerless door. 'I forgot to ask your address,' he Baid, rather abruptly— for him. ' But X inquired after you in the village — and — I have something to say to you ; something very serious indeed.' -Now that, from a young man to at yoUng wbman, should, by all the rules,' mean only one thing. But she was living altogether outside roles ; and for her, at any rate, it could mean no snore than to a nun. ' ' ,. Bearing in mind the one duty hitherto laid upon her, to show no sort of surprise, but regretting more than ever her iargetfulneos to tell her father of this complication, immaterial though it seemed to be, she only looked her inquiry, end let him follow her indoors. ' I h&rdly; know,' he said. « how to begin. . . . Bat— hang it ell, Visa Vane, I don't see why I shouldn't know. An accident, which most people, I suppose, -would call a etxange one, has . . . well, has -made me find out who you really axe. Do you understand!^-;- a... . * 'No,' ehe said ;^it Bhe could not quite keep back a jqniok gasp asehe spoke ; for she was afraid— as a child in a dark passage may be, who hears a rustle in a corner. . 'You needn't be Afraid of me. I'm an eccentric sort of person you know — - — -i£s my business to fly in ihe face of- — things atj large. Among my M'yj*^-- grave mends is a certain lawyer, who has associations with the police, end is a sort of weasel by nature. And he tells me that there's a warrant out against one Adam Fatness for heing unlawfully atia*ge^dtfcar3ought ???; '?' 4ft&\- -,?'??'?? : ':. .-? not to have told me, and, of oours», I ought not to tell you. But I do.' 'A warrant for being at laige?' echoed Marion, visibly pale, and feel ing that the circle was beginning to close. 'It seems some woman or other has been telling the police where he's to be found,' 'HereP Her head was beginning to reel, des pite all commands. ' I think I would rather not know that. I suppose you're wondering what affair this is of mine — why I should bring warning. Til tell you, to show that you may trust me without fear. Miss Vane — I have not Been you often ; bat often enough to know, as -well as I know mvself . that it is not jrour nature to be mixed up with crime. You are a mystery to me still ; but not more, I suppose, than everybody \a a mystery to everybody, when all's Baid and done. . . . No man who knows the world need look at a woman twice to know whether she's all right or all wrong ; and — in a woman — there's nothing between. You are living in horrible peril — -I can see that ; and I want to save you, if I can. No —not 'If;' I wilL You must tell Adam Furness what I have come here to tell; and if he is the man I thi-nlr him, forewarned is forearmed. He is nothing to me; but you are — well, a very great deal. He must escape ; and you — you must take your right place in life ; the place Heaven, or -whatever you call it, made you for. . . . Miss Furness, I've thought it all over, from top to bottom, and through and through. I don't care a single half hang for that conf oundedest of shams, the World... . . I'm not going to make fine speeches ; that's all humbug and sham — but ... Be my wife. There !' Not to be startled — whatever hap hened; whoever came? The com mand went to the winds. It was a strange way of wooing— as strange, perhaps, as his method of electioneering. But there was not the less earnestness in his eyes and in his tone. For, in truth, if he had searched the world round for 50 years, never could he have found a better chance of flying in its face and letting his -whole self go. He had ihought it all out during the four miles of rail between Marchgrave and Askholm. The girl was interesting, mysteriously, fascinatingly interest ing, from head to heeL She had beauty ; she had genius ; she had all the unmistakable impress of purity ; she was a veritable Una. But she was a Una in peril — body and soul ; Una stall, but Una surrounded with an atmosphere of masculine crime that must needs end in feminine sin.- It was she whom he had seen in Eastwood Mews. It was she whom he had found living on her wits (on no worse as yet) at the great hotel. It was she who -was even now keeping house for the arch-criminal portrayed by Stephen Bay. She had to be saved. Where Una was, there most the Knight of the Bed Cross also be. Did he love her ? No. That was all gammon and sham. But— she had to be saved. And Dray cot Mofland's whole heart laughed at the thought of what Aunt Grace and Aunt Charlotte would say — if they knew. But it is late in the day, and little to the purpose, to speculate on whys and wherefores in connection with Draycot Morland. .He was he. And — to go to the bottom of things at once— I fear that an instinct to the effect that, of all women on earth, to many Marion Furness was just about the maddest thing he could do, lay at the root of hiB impulse folly as much as ohivalry ; though that also was there. So—' Be my Wife 1' said he. Marion wandered to the open window for air. She could not doubt the zeal of his wooing, strange as it seemed. Nay—under the influence carried by all earnestness, she felt something of what mingled in his bidding ; of the pity of the chivalry that was ashamed of itself, and of the generously overmastering desire to save. So, breathing deeply, ehe turned and held out her hand. ' No,' Baid she humbly. ' No ; though — though I almost think I understand! Have I — has he— found one good friend? Oh, Mr. Morland — don't spoil your own goodness ! Don't ask me what I can't give; and never can. . . . You are right; I am Marion FurnesB ; and my father's life is mine. . . . Oh, what can 1 say?' 'Say 'Tee,'' he said, taking the hand she gave him. 'Never mind love, and all that rot. You need me — and I want you.' She thought of that twilight scene on board the Sumatra, and sighed, and did not, after all, seem a case in which a ' No ' was a cruel thing. ' I don't want— -ao much as that, to make me trust you,' said Bhe. « I am never going to be anybody's wife; and If I were— I could I think of such nonsense— of such things, I mean, when— don't you understand P You say you know who my father is. His life is mine.* '' {f he had not eeen that she was as far above his offer as the 'sun is above the moon, he must have been blind. Of course he, being a man,* Bhould have entreated with the servility which is in truth a command. . Not was Draycot Morland one to be con tent, in a common way, with a woman's « No:' But he was not without sensi tivenessj and the manner of Marion's «No' gave him a chill. Perhaps the fuel, blazing hot as it was, had not been really much more than straw, a «- But that is just it— juet what I : mean,' he argued. 'His life must not be yours. Heha8nojright1otake your life and make it-M-tod K-imoWs what it^nust be made. Yon must be guarded. Don't yw .see; ; i«^ieJt/?;i3biB.? waIzant means P : Only a xetnrn tohis sentence— that is the form. But you andlknow thatthinga won'tstop there. Ton know, and I, that the arrest of Adam , Furness the convict will soon prove to be the arrest of the coiner of Upper Vane-street; of the— -slayer- — of Peter P«t»rs»n— -' ' The more h§ has offended,' ff°^ Marion, with a proud curl of the lip not far removed from scorn, 'themoM his life is mine. You have warned him— it is good of you. But don't let it be for my sake I Help me— to save him!1* She clasped her hands as she spoke, and looked up in his face with intense appeaL A certain unwonted sense of humiliation made him waver. Why should he transfer his aid from the girl he would save from Adam Furness to Adam Furness himself, to keep a murderer from the arm of the law? But the hesitation was not for long, before the clasped hands and the pleading eyes. ' There is not much I can do,' he said, ' except the only thing you have refused. I could save you from him — but how a criminal from the law ? And yet I will — if I can. Yesj I will. Miss Vane — Mise Furness ; I will not behave like a lover; that is to say, like a selfish humbug ; I will behave-— unlike one. Only we must look things in the face, and see them as they are. It is true that your father is ? ' ' An escaped convict P' said Marion, proudly. ' It is true.' ' And the head of a gang of coiners ?' ' So I am told.' ' And has ? ' ' Put to death a traitor and a spy.' ' The law -will not call it so. But — it will be best for you to think of it as you wilL . . . One thing more. What has Heron's friend, Guy Der went, to do with your father's affairs P* 'Guy?' cried Marion. **Mr. Der went? Nothing — nothing in the world !' ' If s no use my going to work in the dark; though of course I can't ask you to tell me more than you will I am not here as a spy. Guy Derwent is said to be abroad. I told you that I had seen him, and where ; at that house in Vane street. And since that moment he has never been seen again ; not even his own clerk has heard of him ; no body has heard of him but John Heron , and he will say nothing. I confesB myself in a fog. You say that, though you know Guy Derwent, he had nothing to do with your affairs. And I believe you — I need not say. But — in addition to his being a convict at large, a coiner, and a— all the rest, has he anything to fear in connection with this mysterious disappearance of which all Marchgrave is full. . . I must help you, I will ; but in the dark, what can I doP' It was not for a full moment that Marion realised his meaning. But even before she realised it, and while he spoke, a mist, worse than mere darkness, fell over her eyes. She held out her handB as if clutching after a hold to keep herself from falling. Morland stepped quickly towards her with a look of (alarm — alarm so in tense as to forget to become renewed suspicion of a darker kind. She knew, and she alone— what else could she think possible P — the only reason that should bring Guy Derwent to Upper Vane-street. He must, in some wise, have traced her from the Clarence to the Green Cheese, from the Green Cheese to Euphrosyne Terrace, from Euphrosyne Terrace to Number Seven teen. And, in the course of such a sleuth-hound-like labor, he must needs have run Adam Furness to earth as well— -Adam Furnesa, who, for reasons no longer beyond discovering, good as well as evil, had been keeping his daughter hidden, and the secrets of Number Seventeen more deeply fltdlL What had Cynthia said— about what would befall one who, being neither ghost nor accomplice, should find his way within those doors P The words had burned themselves into her brain. Her father's hand was, she knew, red with the blood of one intruder. And of how many more P She recovered herself with an effort : but not one she could hide. 'But— 'Mb friend— John Heron,' Bhe began. 'Says he is abroad. But if a my opinion John Heron knows no more about it than! My belief is he thinks Guy Derwent has made a . bolt, and doesn't want to make a scandal among the Heronites just at election time. I —I— I'm afraid you knew Dement— wellP' « Yes— no— ~— But ask me nothing more. There is nobody can help us : and you least of all. Don't think I'm ungrateful,' she said, with a miserable smile. *' But there is only one thing you can -ever do for me — for us. Go ; and forget there are Buch people in the j world. ... Go at once, for God's sake!' she cried; for her strained nerves felt, rather than heard, the approach of a slow and heavy tread along the road. (sco ss ootfronno).) ] 