NEWS AND NOTES ... 1H A- NUTSiHBLL. THE BU6Y MAN'S COLUMN. Grain sales easier ibis morning. Prime wheat worth 2s 3d, medium sold at 2s 2Jd. Mr Clyde Merry, jun., of Wandorka, died at Uosedale tbts morning. Injured while hunting on Thursday. Nathaniel Miinro waa sentenced to six months' imprisonment by tho City Court B<nch this morning on m charge of being aa habitual drunkard. Hobert B, Barlow, late accountant and teller in tho Nortbcoto branch of tho National Bank, accused ' of cmbezzliug sums ' amounting to L400, and re, minded by the City >ench to appear at Korthcote, will nob do so until Monday ntt (court day). An old man named Edward Morant, who stated that he had only recently been discharged from tho Goelong Gaol, was tentencsd to twelve months at the City Court this morning on s charge of vagrancy. He was bogging in tho Treasury Gardens yesterday afternoon. Mr Davidson, Inapectorgoneral of Public Works, says that ho docs not feel called upon to defend tho srchitecta' branch of tho department against tbo hllogation\inadeat the builders' and con tractors' meeting, unless he is instructed to do so by his chiofs. The Chief. Commissioner of Polico has to- day received the official confirma tion of the death of Mounted-conatsblo Jos. Foley, reported inlast night's Herald. Constable Foley had been seven years in the force, was about 30 years of age and s good horseman. An inquest will be he! 1 by Mr Candler at tho Cambbrwell Hotel, atlO o'clock to-morrow morning. Thomas Hale was obarged at tbo City Court this morning, with discharging fire arms in Swanston street. Tho modical evidence was to the effect that the man was a dangerous lunatic. Tho aoousod, in s calm, clear vulco, and apparently rational manner, denied this, and asked if tbsre was any action he could take to prove his sanity. The Bench docidcd to remind him for further medical examina tion. ' "Lloyd's Weekly," writing of the Eng lish Parlisraentsays : " It is perfectly use- leu to appeal to tbo patriotism or en lightenment of tho horde of zealota in the Houis of Commons, many of whom, as hu been frequently shown, sro thorn Mires mon of immoral life or connected itt> gigantic city swindles." To this we l>ave to add : It's time that leaders like Mrs Basant spoke out as to ths necessity of purity in political life both' at home and thread. Bomo twenty-seven years ago Sir Archi- hid (then plain Mr) Michio delivered a lecture, tho fame of which has outlived a generation. This was entitled Viotoria Suffering a Recovery.; .Fancy that over a <purter of a century ago — Viotoria ruined boom troubles. But tho brilliant leo- turn refused to believe that Victoria than ruined. Much of what he then rid applies to Victoria to-day. Wsgivo tow extracts on this Page from this cele- wried lecture . now published in neat Pamphlet form by Messrs Mullen, Mel- rifle,1 and Slide for a. nimble sixpence. Opinion on this point may differ, but tor my own part I am convinced that the hiore thoroughly you instruct a soldier jo all his duties, small and great, tho wtter will be. his. discipline, 'whether it "in peace or in war. , Drill alone will do it, sham fights bear but a rilght resemblance to the. real thing, uul it U ooly through the word-pioturea of those soldier authors , who bavo boen to action that we can convey to the rank tod file en idee of the diffiouUios to bs tocountered,-and lb# stern necessity for fits repression of the most prominont in- Jfjoete ot human nature. — Lecture by "ut-Colonel Otter, Victorian Rangers. Now, tho quostibn is, do the company officers in our— the Viotprian-iervice otflu the education of. the rank 'and file "J instructing them in the many 'and risd responsibilities, of the soldier, in 3loa? Are opportunities taken during these times of peace for preparing tseaV .--iVs foe .the realities' of war. or «s it considered that tho necessity for this instruction does not ciist, and that, although lectures and examinations for the rank and HIo are a necessity in the urtillory, tho infantry require no such aids, and that drill, and drill alone, is auffici tut? Thus Lieutenant-Colonel Otter in his lecture. Wo (Herald) pause for a reply. Tho Pastoralists' Union o! Now South W ult'S declines to hold a conference with the Shearers' Union. John Grant gives himself up' to 'tho Horsham police, having murdered' his wife with a hammer. Said to be .de ranged, City Weather.— To-day's readings, by Gauut's instruments— Barometer, 30-00, stationary. Thermometer, in the . sun, llOdeg.j shado, COdeg. Rainfall lost 24 hours, 0.05 inches. Ructions in the Queensland Assembly. Members disousting tho Peace Preserva tion Bill go on the war path, and seven of them aro named and ausponded for a week, amidst'a scene of unparalleled dis order and uproar. .Details in our tele- grama elsewhere. " Several sheds in New -South Wales shearing under tho pastoralists new agreement reported have " cut, out" and tho men have boen transferred' to other stations. Many sheds that have not' been able to start, owing to the scarcity of hands, will, it is said, be now enabled to commence. Other stations that have already started are reported as baring full boards. Prior to commencing the business at th'o City Court this morning, the magistrates banded to Mr iAncashiro, J. P., a letter expressing their sympathy with him in tho rocent loss of his wife. Mr Lancashire bad. beon .married close on fifty years, and intended celebrating his golden wedding early next year. "Great ia tbo god Humbug, and most of ua aro his prophets. Bsrnutn used to say that people loved to be humbugged, and the old man know what ' he was talking about. . Poople not only love to bo humbugged, but tboy get angry th'o moment aotnoono steps up and shows I,u»w vuuy uru oemg. iiuniDUggea. No porson is so unpopular as tho one who oxposss a trick. The man' who sud denly turns , on the light at a spiritual seance, and shows that -the ghost of the Emperor - Claudius is only ' tho medium with a sheet around him, is. deservedly despised by the spiritualists Present at tbo seance." Words of wisdom from America specially .applicable to Viotoria just now. 