\--.i-L A JEtongli Initiation. When'Tack Wilder ana I received our diplomas as lawyer vapd. pljj^ieian respectively, we talked of fctcOriagautsiaft tne '^wild *fid woolly West ' in quest, of fortuue. ? . \- ?' Wem'usit- lfliok'for a Iccality,' I safd to him. the people are constantly -at loggerheads with each other.' ' Why not make for Denver ?' said Jack. ' It's coining into prominence as a mining centre. We will grow up with the place, bo to speak, and what we don't succeed in earning by our professions we can earn with our little capital in real e3tate specu lations.' Well, the short and the long of it is that, one fine morning, we found ourselves aboard a tram, flying westward, bound to Denver, by the wav of Kansas City. In those days there was no railroad through to the Pacific. At Kansas City we fell in with a party of hunters, heading for Denver, like ourselves, and we were soon ia the saddles on our long journey over the plains — a journey that proved so uneventful as to lie dreadfully monotonous ; and glad, indeed, we were, in the diisk of a lowery day, when we at last came in Bight of our destination. Denver was then in its infancy, and a thousand times more wretched-looking than my darkest dream had ever depicted. Imagine one long and miry street, lined on either Bide with low, roughly built, shanty- like houses, that looked for the most part as if a cyclone had swooped down upon them ; here aud there a building of two stories that appeared inhabitable ; a labyrinth of filthy lanes running in all directions— and there you have Denver as it was then. Our party halted at the first tavern it came to ; that is to say, all but Jack and myself, who, unable to stomach its appearance, wallowed on, stopping once to inquire of a miner for the best hotel ia the placs, which he informed us was ' Pete Denny's,' at the end of the street. As we rode up to this establishment in the deepen ing twilight we found a crowd of loungers about the entrance, 'which was through the bar-room. And a strange crowd it was. Great slouch hats rolled down over shaggy brows ; long, unkempt hair and beards ; dirty woollen shirts of all colours; broad belta, in which were stuck knives ; high, coarse, cowhide boots, plastered with yellow, clayey mud, such as we had been struggling through. One face in the motley assembly struck me par ticularly. It was that of a man of about 40, of powerful build, ever 6ft. tall, with slightly stooping shoulders. Covered with thick hair as high as the cheekbone, it was scarred and seared as though its possessor had spent his life principally in scrimmages ; added to which great, yellowish- green, owlish eyes, and a prominent beak-like nose made it decidedly repulsive. Dismounting, we took our large valises from the backs of our horses, which we left in charge of the. hostler, and made our way through the crowd of idlers to the bar-room. As I passed the described individual he looked me ? squarely m the eye and winked familiarly. Nonplussed by the fellow's bold impudence, I stared at him a second, when he winked at me again with a smirk. His brazeaness was so cool, his proceedings were so extraordinary, that a sudden impulse seized me to laugh in his face and wink back at him, as if I took his impudence in good part. Whereat he laughed also, winked knowingly, while the surrounding crowd grinned. As I immediately passed with Jack into the bar room, the latter nudged me in the ribs, whispering, ' Keep cool, George, keep cool ! No row, for God's sake ! Don't mind the loafer.' ' Never fear,' I replied. 'I've got mj temper by the horns.' As I stepped to the bar to secure the best accom modation the place afforded, Iiound myself followed by the ruffian and his crowd. ' Drinks all round, Pete!' he drawled out, 'at the expense of the tenderfeet,' accompanying his order with a wink at the bloated fellow behind the bar, then at me again. . . ??:... ' To be sure,' said I, laughing, though -I was boiling over with rage ; ? ? drinks all round, landlord. The gentleman took the words out of my mouth. My friend and I are indeed two tenderfeet, as you call us Eastern boys, just arrived among yon. So let's have the drinks by way of a preliminary introduction.' The crowd, won by my seeming good nature, gave ? a cheer, and proceeded to attack the bottles which ' Pete ' set out for them. While I strove to swallow the vile stuff without choking to death, I noticed that my owl-eyed indi vidual stared at me over the rim of bis raised glass, and kept winking at me. Shooting several winks at him iu return, I put down my empty glass and gave my attention to securing something to eat. ' lou can have the spare room, gentlemen,' said Pete, ' and your supper will be readv in a few minutes. I suppose you would like to go to your room to wash ? Here, Winking Ike, show the gen tlemen up to the spare room.' The one designated by this euphonious cognomen was none other than the bully who had been annoy ing me. So now it was evident that he was in the habit of winking, or else he had an affection of the facial nerves which caused Mm to wink involuntarily. A part of his conduct, therefore, was excusable. Taking up a lighted tallow candle, which ' Pete ' had placed on the bar, Winking Ike gave me a, wink aud started toward a narrow side door, with Jack and myself at his heels. Ascending a dark flight of stairs, he let us into a passage,- at the end of which was the ' spare room,' .a medium-sized, carpetless apartment, containing two small cote, a couple of dilapidated chairs, a Wasb.st.and, and a little round table, upon which he placed the candle, saying to me in a low, mysterious -tone, his impudent, bullying manner changed sud denly to one of certain respect ! ' We looked for you two days ago, doctor— you and your friend here— and had begun to get pretty skeery when we found you didn't show up. Every thing's all right so far ; there's no suspicion. You've got what you need in them things there,' pointing to my valises, ' and you'll not set to work till the house's all quiet, for walls have eara. Pete'll close up to-night extra early on purpose to give you more time to do the job. You'll find it in there,' he con cluded, indicating with a jerk^f his thumb a side door in the room, and, at the same time, backing suddenly to the entrance, with an expression of fear in his ugly face, while his owlish eyeB kept winking and blinking. B Utterly amazed, I tried to speak, tried to find voice to ask him what he was driving at. Indeed, Jack's tongue seemed tied, too ; and the fellow had already backed out of the room andBhut the door quickly, and we heard him go bounding down the dark stairs, as if a ghost was after him; before either o£us could open our mouths to articulate a sound ' r ' Well,' said I, finally, turning to Jack, who ap peared to be coming out of a stupor, ' what d6 you make out of this— from the very, beginning f' ~~ -?' '*' I make out' o£ it,'? he replied with an 'effort, ' that we are In for Borne strange adventure. ' What did he mean by it, setting to work; doing the jolj— to ' say nothing of what else he said?' * 'Evidently we shall find that out by opening that side door which he indicated. And he caHsd me doctor. How the deuce does he. know I am a doctor? AH this looks Wre a real mvstery, Jack Shall we follow it up ?' '? f ~ ? . V I'm Wlt!l y°a»' ^ Jack, starting toward the side door. . I caught him by the arm. ? ^ ' Go slow, my boy. Eememher Ms warning about the walls having earns, and not going to work till the' houBe was qniet, .Let's wait, andask no ooestionB, test we betray ourselves. ThiMnpre X thinkof ijt the ^imore X-am convinced that fcehajj, msomem^ccpunlT able way, tairtaken us for~otfier people. ^Wfo?' What sort f Of course I cannot conjecture. But certain it is, we are not supposed to be here for any good purpose. Didn't you note how frightened he looked when he spoke of it ? ' ' Yes,' said Jack, ' and that leads me to believe that we are on the point of making eome important discovery— I cannot imagine what— but which will bring that villain, and perhaps 'Pete' himself ii;to the toils of the law.' Having delivered himself of this sage conclusion, Jack washed himself, and after I had done likewise we went below to see about sujjper, exerting our selves to our utmost to appear as unconcerned as possible. Neither Winking Ike nor his companions were anywhere to be seen, and the landlord, who was waiting on some new customer, directed us to the dining- room, slyly handing me, as ho did so, some thing wrapped in paper, which felt like a key. On sitting down to supper I opened the paper, and, sure enough, I found it contained a door key, while on the paper were scrawled several lines, which I made out to read as follows : — ' this Key fits the Dore between the rooms— don't unlock it till the House is still— don't kum to Baragin tonite and luk out for people in Room on tother side of partition— you will find Bags in Closet in Room.' ' Heydey !' said Jack, when he had deciphered the scrawl in his turn, ' The mystery deepens ! What on earth are the bags for ? Really, George, I'm be ginning to think we'll get our fiugers burnt if we attempt to handle this thing. Let ub get out of the infernal hole before it is too late.' ' What ! you are going to back out ?' I gaid, my curiosity beiiig fully aroused by the strange note ; so I was determined to fathom the mystery. ' Not if you are bound to stick to it, my old chum.' After supper we went directly to our room, taking with us a large lamp, which the old hag that waited on us had lighted for our use. It was then 10 o'clock. Through the partition on the right, opposite the door opening into the other room, we heard voices and listened. It was some miners, judging by their talk, discussing business matters. These were doubt less the people against whom the note had warned us. They did not separate till midnight, and I can assure the reader it was a long wait for us— for Jack and me. Soon after we heard them go out ; the house be came as still as death. Then, with a strange feeling creeping over me, I bade Jack take up the lamp, and, going on tiptoe to the side door, I unlocked it very carefully, so as not to make the slightest noise, and slowly opened it. A damp chilly air struck our faces and the light flared up. The windows of the room were raised, but the shutters were closed tight. We entered. There was no carpet on the floor, and no furniture, save a long deal table in the middle of the room. To the right, in the farther corner, was a cot, with a blanket thrown over it ; to the left a closet. ' Well,'- 1 was on the point of saying, ' I see no mystery in this,' when Jack, who was between me and the further corner, holding the lamp, started back suddenly and clutched my arm. 'Heavens, George!' he said, in a hoarse whispsr, 'there's something covered up on the cot '' The hand with which he held the lamp shook so that, fearing he would drop it, I took it from him, and, in breathless suspense, we went on tiptoe to the cot. Yes, there was certainly something under the blanket. Something that looked like the top of a human head peeped out. I pulled down the blanket a little, and a ghastly face, framed by long, brown hair, stared at us with its glassy eyes ! Horrified, I recoiled, and set the lamp upon thedeal table, while Jack staggered back against the table, ? murmuring : — ' For God's sake, George, what does this mean ?' I* It means,' I replied, mastering my emotion, \- it means that we stand face to face with the victim of a crime— a murdered woman — choked to death ! ' , 'Choked?' gasped Jack, ' How do you know ' It's very evident,' I made answer, approaching the cot again. ' See for yourself,' and I showed Jack, at the throat, several dark marks, like the im prints of fingers. 'There,' I said, gravely, ' are the irrefutable proofs. To the medical eye they are crying witnesses !' .???'??' ' Cover it up again, George ; the sight is too horrible ! moaned Jack. ' We must not disturb it —it must be left just as we found it ! ' and seizing the blanket with a shudder, he pulled it over the staring face. t ' And now what's to be done ? ' he continued. Our first step is undoubtedly to goandlodn-ea complaint against this Wiukiug Ike aud 'Pete.' the landlord. We must do so at once.' ' Not so fast, my boy. Do you imagine we would be allowed to leave this house by stealth at tlr's hour? No, indeed ! We are supposed to be ? ' ' Wfaa* ? !' tebed Jack, impatieutly. as I paused. Cutting the body up, of course, so that thev can conveniently disposfe of it— bury the pieces separa tely, no doubt. Isn't the matter clear to you now ? The rascals having foully murdered this poor woman here, have not dared to carry the body away as it is, and have not had the courage to cut it up. Some one, for a round sum of money, has agreed to furnish them a villainous doctor and an assistant, who would do the job for them. Don't you. remember that this Winking Ike said to me, when he cautioned me in the other room, ' We looked for you two days ago, doctor ? And what he meant by ' you've got what you need in them things,' pointing to my valises, were the surgical instruments necessary for the operation.' Jack looked at me aghast. 'And the bags?'. I pursued, going to the closet and taking out three or four large grain sacks Why, these are to hold the pieces!' Jack's eyes began to bulge out of* their sockets, and, in pitying the poor devil, I took up the lamp, and, leading him softly into the other room, locked the door after us. . He dropped upon one of the cots, while I, opening ft valise, took out my two loaded revolvers, and going up to him said in a whisper : /i *!i r?k?tthifl revolver and keep your wits about you. Certain it is that either Winking Ike or the landlord will be here before daylight to see whether we have done the job. Whoever comes we must be prepared tzlm ' n* a matter of Jife ordeath with us/' Then, Beating myeelf by the little table, I waited anxiously for the next act in the frightfuldramai Ab I sat there, the minutes seeming like ajres, it suddenly occurred to me that in our excitement we ? .had neither of us thoughtof the windowa« a possible means of escape. So, rising quickly, I opened it and Jooked out. The bright moon enabled me to see be Tlow. We ^were m the rear of the first t tory, but running along the base^of -'ttfe' building ;was what ; seemed to be a deep excavation. No hope there. '*,ItJV^^^ngnearto3 m the morniog whea I iieaia soft footsteps 3n the passage 'approaching the door, and presently there came a light knock. I -mobonecM to Jack, and when I opened the door in J^e/Wmking Ike aiiS ' Pete ' the landlord, only . to trad themselves confronted suddenly with two re volvers aimed straight at their breaste. At the same tune I cried out : . ' . ? ' Hands npl' - ' ? ? ? ? ?' My -:6oa, don't shoot!' the two worthies Btanunered Bimultaneously, flirowing up their hands. ? J'JSo harm was meant|' ???ii'JS^*- f^PPl' ypu^fllaiiial. Itwasa cold- ,; blooded murder!' t said vehemently. Winking Ike burst out laughing, winking furiously, while from every part of the. .house seemed to come an explosion of shouts, and into the zoom rashed a score of miners. ' The fact is, pard,' said Winking Tke, suppres sing his mirth, ' we've been pretty hard on you and your friend. But that's the'initiation we generally give to all new tenderfeet— a pretty good skeer, that's all. And really, in the fust place, it wus in tended for two tenderfeet friends of ourn we ex pected two days ago. But when they didn't come, and we seen yous comin' up the street, so innocent like, we couldn't resist the temptation to play the joke off on you,' and with several rapid winks Winking Ike walked to the door of the adjoining room, one of the miners following him with the lamp, and, unlocking it with another key, threw it open, walked to the cot, and amid a roar of laughter jerked out from under the blanket by the hair the wax bust of a woman ! — PhttaiMphio Press. 