? The Sherbrooke Mystery i 6 (Coac'uJel) < ' | 1 BY AN-VST J. IIALIDAT. | j | I T'I~Y b:itb. AGRSGD as to DETAIL of the gtory end UIIN. and 1 SAW instantly that it waa truthfully told. " AII-U'I 1" exclaimed the former, at length. " Tnis NIIIFT bo looked into. And where'S tha lilclf? rtO(-?"' '• lie's out there yet," volunteered Bobby ; j " WS c .mid BEIT him cry till we got clear , DO*V T N IBE road." i: Buck ran across the street to Squire Putlejr'U, AND iu & FJW words told him all about •it. j Naedlsea to say onr supper was untasted, i "uaM a late hour that night. 1 Nearly all the male inhabitants ot Sber* 'brooke, headed by the Eqaire and piloted by 'the boys, started out to investigate THE . 'matter. -No pilots were needed, however, for the fdog detective still remained yelping over the l fcrime ho had unearthed, and guided by his ' j •mournful howla no one could go astray. Jliaaohing tho epot, the equire knelt down and ITFIPSD 'the idirfc ;£rom the dead woman'S ftsce. "-It's "Lucy LUAVIS! 'Good Cod!"' he exclaimed in B tone oS horror, (U the same tim6 I 'falling 'back A few paces. i SAlte? A'terror stricken 'pa'ase of a moment I for-two,'Borne of US BET to -work to exhume the ; 'body. /A : few «hovelful3<OF earth and the fform• o'f ""woman, -without-shroud or 'COGID, Ibut fully dressed in the ordinary garments of , 'life,'was 'exposed. About the body A white ; FBUB&NNAE; 'was plentifully sprinkled, and was ' JourrSto'ba-cblorlSc of lime, doubtless plaoed j ithere 'to insure s t «R-DY decomposition. lEveryone recognised poor Lucy Davis, one! (saw itlie rigid END livid mark upon the neok, (pointed out by the squire. j Ut vwas evident she had been murdered by | fetrangdlofioi), 'and tossed, dressed as ehe ;. WAS mt (the moment of lie; violent death, iintottbe rude grave where the dog had found Ihsr. IBuckfiten recalled iherquarrel between the CIKIFL WOMEN and her husband which TIE .had witaeffiefl 4he preceding day when tho capttHin Ifasd Gtood before his at(gry wife playing (WITH'the whipcord. : IThe cottag9 was searched, and ?. tsord WAS ; fformfl Hying on the floor of the ROOM, which, KWHEN (tried >upon tthe woman'S meek, fitted terotijly tthe'rigid, livid oirole. LA tthEiedlar wasiafQUantity ot a .white substacse precisely similar (to'that & sen in THE grave, ®nd those iHrtrdles {belonging to MRS. Davis found upon itheicarpHGwere missing 'fiom the house. UT rseonrod :as ; lf ithero could be aio more fiadtrtiastt o the criminal than tho crime. JEarly mext imorcing Hack icame rto into | Bnyidffioe,^A travelling satchel in his hand. | •"IToii've mot (finished your wacafcion, Hurely':?" JLaskediin- surprise. "' JI'-vb woluntarily ishortened it," lie antswered;I'm agoing 'back to the city with | tthis case on .hand, 'There's enough in it to iintsrest a good many penple." "'(Good-by, then,"' isaid I J "'let sne haar [from -you, Buck;" "'(QH.^yea," ihe (ASSENTED; good Juok (to i jyonwvith your'client," iand an mnother moanentlhe w&s; <oTL | 1 IThe startling '8HAIR .of the trigTit -previous IhEdteomawhai diminished the novelty oiNRY I :own wisitoc, Ibut Buck's remarks brought I ibackithe imystery again, and I fell to wondering where >ebe was, :and if she had heard oi i ! the terrible crime perpetrated upon a woman I WHO Iliad ibcen IEO WERY like ito ibeeorpo HOI hostess. AT- dinner timel<W&lkea; over to tthe LOLEL •aial glanaed over itho list of arrivals of throe •days iMface an tthe va^us hope .oi jfinding EomeiiiKcription of A MRS J3eryl aamobflfly ; fcutHiwas disappointed. 'ITtie <only llady GRANGER was IA iBIrs H. Marktan, who, with has little boy, had only Etsyed over .night .end went uv/ay the next mmrning. EVIDENTLY Esy client had NR^ honored the Ihoiel with a visit; wheio on ecvth could she !have goao to, tmleas uho took the late eight itrain for soma icther place, WAS the great .QAAR^ in mind. And then her OWN words, '•DO not attempt to write to ma or findzns <out;,"' icame IBAAK ito ray mind, AND I concluded ishe Qisd iprobably had it in her mind to leave .Sherbrooke when .she uttered the AI. EN a few days I received this letter from TJurik. iltjran— "'DJSAB BOY.— TOU know authority was placed in NAY lhands >as to tho Divis murder, eo, attar iKseflrtuining that the cjptain HAD 6aiicd for HEW York, Police CJ.pt.iia L^MMCR and imy6slf .searched diligently ACAOTIG the chipping unlD we faund the » Onward' moored at an East Itiver jplaxv 1 W6NT ON BOEIRA and said,— (Good- morning, captain. I'M sorry to (trouble you, bat I'VS .a WARRANT TOR your Arrest;' ""'Arrest'! jFor WHAFCI' ©selaimed he., grerttly astonished. ''JFO? tho murder of your wife,'' Baid I. •'".Murder iof <my wife ? That caa'FC be 1 Luoy iin : t dead:!' "••' Yes, eho is ; STRANGLED by U cord. 1 "•TIIO old fellow roao to his faofc and looked .me isdlemnly .and etaa;1ily in the face. '"•'.Sir,' said he 'finally, ' if Luoy'S dead, don't .know it,; I had 6 QNCRREL with her tho night 2 ileft, iand IGAVE her a pieco cf my M'incl, tut God is my witness that I didn't putRA hand upon .'her.' •"I looked with IA GOOD SC&I; of interest upon the man who icould deny a crime with which he was eo strongly licked by circumstantial evidence, -but .1 took him all the same, and we'll IE thore in Sherbrooke some .time to-morrow.. 'SIA you to-morrow night, probably. How's your one client 1" •fThat was ail referring to the murder. 'The noxt .day tthe people .O! Sherbrooke LEF^VUED perfectly imad. When jCaok and his IC'NA fge arrived, ithe (Captain WAS surrounded lb,- 1 A liooting mob .that (pelted him with oppio irious epithets, and with difficulty could ;be restrained 'from idoing • violence to his jperaoc, but he bore HIMSELF Ibr&vuly; and undismayed ithrough IT all. 'His conduot, however, waa only noted to 3iis disficaSit, lor the citizens could not remember,any hardened wretch who had BO boldly flauntsd his' .crime in IHE facu of an .outraged people. Well, in due time the gr&nd; jury was convened, and his case considered. There was no more .doubt of his guilt in that official body than in tho community AT large, and he was formally indicted for the murder of Lucy Davis. WHEN J3uok took the news to him in hia fijjll, he only said,— ••• God's will be done." "Hia perfect resignation had by this time (won on Buck'S kind heart, and he inquired it ho didn't wish to engage oounscl to defend fcim at the approaohing trial. '.The old captain's face brightened A little At this first faint sign of sympathy, but he replied,— " I thank you, friend, but I don't need no T twyer. God knows I am innocent of this crime and He will prove it in hie own good time." The summer had lengthened into T»n early autumn ; the September days had begun to be somewhat chilly, and in all this time no news came of my mysterious client. Saveial other small cases had been confided to me, and lhad kept tolerably busy in the interim, but once in a while I used to get out those papers And look them over and wonder if ever I should see the little woman again. ' Buck used to jo*O me unmercifully about it L^lthojigb he WA3 unacquainted with tho JPIJR.TICGLARS) and ones suggested that X V/ITE « FFLIHIINSE .ENTITLED " A JILSTK B&IF; 1," lie naa returned to his regular work N the city, but ran down every now aod then frequently on the Saturday evening train, tc stay over night with me and spend Sua day. The slight faot that his fiancee had spent the summer months at Sherbrooko and was fetolppging her ejay thropgh the tali, I did 1 1 J : ! | | I | I I | j ot consider as important as the fondness or my company, BO suddenly evinced, and so I used to tell him, but he alwayB claimed his great interest in the Davia murder case efused to let him sleep nights in New York, and he wanted to be out here to be near the old man in case ot a mob. The day appointed for the trial of the prisoner was close at hand, when onr quiet village was troubled by a new terror. One remarkably pleasant September morning, when the children were aU on their way to school, the eastern coach stopped, a ghost descended, and walked leisurely with everj semblance of life down the road toward the long deserted cottage on the beaob. As Bobby Mailer confiled to meafterward, " it wae a horrible, real, live ghost," lot if tiied to pat the shrinking boy on his curls, and nodded familiarly to several people whom it met cn the way. A number of persons were ready to sweat that this ghost was endowed with human passions, end that they almost saw a flush of anger rise to its cheekB when it found the whole town avoiding it in unconcealed terror. But it waB a -persistent ghost, tor it walked Etc&r;> on until it reached the garden cate, rVich it found nailed up ; and it developed a talkative propensity when it discovered tbe pigs running riot among the vegetables and flowers. In the voice of the dead Lucy Davis it exolaimed in a peevish tone : " That John Davia'll bo the death of mf yet I Lotting them pesky hogs root uj ihing3 so I" It ia needless to prolong ino story ; the ghost was no other than my old enemy. Lucy Davis, wham I had firmly believed tc bo sleeping quietly in her grave. When Buck called upon her in search of gwticulaia, she gave the following acooc.it in hei own language: " I'vo often give John e&es;, but he's never give me no ease until that last row we bad. ihen he did fira sp and blaze ont, leavin' cie znadder'n all fury. He's got a tongue «?itb a deal o' meanness in it, now I tell ye. Well, he dug out in his sloop, an' I made up my mind not to let him came home and think he'd got the best of it, so I p&oked; up too and walked on foot that night to Weybor, whereby nobody knew me, and took the eo&ch; to hunt up a cousin o' mine that's married and settled in Vermont. Of course I heard nothing about this ' body business' £hct they thought was me, and after my visiting streak got worn out, I started home again, but 'twas nothin* in the world but the merest luok that brought me eo soon ; my cousin Maria, she was a-going tew do some quilting for the winter, an' I'd partly promised to stay a few weeks longer and help her, but Lord knows I never meant no harm to John. That ptsky • body ' must have stole my heBt skirts and table cloths an' that whole set of silver cbiny that John brought me from Basting." Ttiat's the whole story. I)avi3 was, of ooursc, instantly released from prison and the legal proceedings againsl him Etopped, and after that Sherbrooke never heard of any more disturbance between the oaptain and his wife. Some little time afterward I was talking with the old man about the aftair and all of a eudden he thruet his hand into the capacious pocket of his seaman's trousers and pulled forth something which he handed to me. " Here's what Lucy fished to-day, out'n our old well that's dried up," he said. I examined the trinket with eager interest. It was the earno ring, the same fantaatio : design and .curious setting, the same ghastly glimmer to the stone, that my mystic client had worn upon her finger that warm July ofiernoon, two months ago. I turned it over and over. Inside, in delicate letters w&s; inscribed "Beryl.", That was all. " Did your wife find anything else ?" I strove to ask carelessly. " Lemme see," he reflected for moment. '* Oh, yes, a suit of black mourning an' thiak veil, tbicker'n a board, I should say. Lucy gave it to Mr Johnson, and she would have let him have this, only I had ic in my pocket." Buck s~d I went to woik upon tha new facts of the case, and I confided to him ihe whole story of my client. Wo tracsd ths ring to a Naw York pawn (-hop, wheia ic had been pieced for srde by a German lady aad from which place it had been eold to a woman—th-3 description oi whom compared almost identically with that of Lucy Divis. It was one cf those tsrangc, mysterious retcmblaii'.es with which ono meets rarely, and v.t.3 that which had so impressed me with an air of familiality about; my client. I v/tote to the few names I had possession oi in the woman's papers. I-'rom some I never beard at all; others knew nothing cf a woman named " Beryl something," the title must have been fictitious. l'Vom only one person did I hear anything likely to contain a shadow of the truth. Tbi3 one wrote that a woman answering to my dessription was the wife of a noted English burglar named Collingby, now dead; the woman was his clever accomplice, aiding him greatly with her ladylike air, quiet manners and wonderful habit of gaining confidence and friendship wherever she boarded &nd; formed acquaintances. But of course nothing was certain. Buck declared it was the first case upon whioh bo had ever came oil worsted, and he returned to New York with his pretty wife, and felt rather disgusted with Sherbrooke. A mystery has always brooded over the D&vh; cottage and the murder still remain^ an insoluble enigma. Fifteen years have no? elapned without any detection of the murderer. A numbar of aniclou were missing from the house, and a elo3J scrutiny Eho wed that the strange woman had not only been there, bus had probably been murdered there during the night after Davis and his wife left. The cord found in ihe room had fitted the neok, and the chloride of lime in the cellar had evidently been disturbed, while the house was generally disarranged. Mrs Davis'8 absence from the House was not known or proven until after the finding of the body, and its identification was so absolute that of course no Bearch was made for a woman known to be dead, and Lucy herself, being in a retired epot of a distant State, had heard nothing of her supposed death and subsequent events. My client was believed to havo baen one ot a party of burglars who entered the house, and eome quarrel having arisen, she had been murdered by tho other members of the party. 1 have kept the ring to give to Buck's little daughter, Beryl, wben the time comes, and the papere 1 have still, cafely put away. The case yet remains among the unfinished polico business. No human effort has ever learned more than was discovered by the brute instincts of the dog, when he pawed the secret of the crime from the shallow grave in the dark forest. So, you see, murder will not always out." A noted Sunday-school worker was once asked to talk on the subjcct of temperance. He is very earnest in the cause, and wears a blue ribbon as a badge of his principles. Rising before the school he pointed to hia bit of blue ribbon and said : " Now, can any of you children give me a reason why I am not a drunkard V' There was no reply for a moment; then a childish little voice in the rear of the room piped out: " 'Cause £his & orohibition town." 