VICTORIAN INDUSTRIES -CANDLES AND CANDLE MAKING. (Br "The Vagabond. '') "Light, more Light." History fails to record the name of the first candle makers. They were oencfactors to man kind, unrequited by posthumous glory. Holy Writ tells us how after Hiram, the widow's son of Napthili, had made all the wonders in brass for the House of the Lord, Solomon, made the vessels of gold therein. Amongst these were "the candlesticks of pure gold, five on the right side and five on the left, before the oracle, with the flowers and the lamps and the tongs of gold." But it is certain that these were hot- candlesticks iu our acceptation of the term, but candelobra which held oil lamps and torches, the same as have been found in the ruins of Pompeii The ancients had no. idea of candies. There is a distinct anachronism iu Holman Hunt's raagnificeut piece of coloring, The Light of the World, where the Saviour cairies a lantern with part of a candle stuck in it !. The lights used in ihe East then, as now, were metal lamps, resembling a shallow sauce diili filled with oil, and containing a floating wick. -A few years bach I saw hundreds of theso'uscd at the sacred temple, some miles ont of Colombo; wheic Buddha Gautama planted a Boa tree, which is still living. It was the great festival, aud thousands of worshippers had come from all parts of Ceylon and ike adjacent continent to spend the night in vigil Women placed their lamps in little niches in the thick wail in the temple court yard and all night long replenished them with oil If any slept and their lamps went out their prayers would not be granted! This reminds one of the parable of ihe Wise and Fooliah Virgins. ' The first record of candles I can find in Eng lish history is when King Alfred invented a new method of judging time by means of a caudie. The first record of candles in any history is in the description of Candlemas Day at the com mencement of the Christian Era in Roraei The Romans, it is said, kid begun tbe -practice of burning "candles " in honor of the;' goddess Febrna, tha; mother of Mars. I'opeSergius deemed it unwise to prohibit a praciice.of such long standing, sa he made it a Chriitian festiral by enjoining a similar honor to the : Virgin, Hence Candlemas ' day. An oidcr in council under Elisabeth prohibited the ceremony in the English Church. A number of illuminations in old missals show burning or smoking tapers. Superstitions concerning candles take ns back to the once almost universal worship of sun aud fire. -The ""splutter," trie "stranger," the carious forms which ths old wicks used to take in burning have given the world signs and omens froin Ihe earliest ageiT Candles "burnt blue when ghosts wsre around. A " winding sheet," a well of tallow rising np towards the flame, was supposed to mean a death in' ihe ; family. The "'corpse candle " of the .Welsh, however, is not a candle, but a gaseous exhalation rising np from the earth, and traversing the same road as a doomed man. In the Middle Ages, castle and "palace were 'illiiinfiicit o!i(i'1by,)Sm6kyflainllcaitk!"aifirtbrolic¥ of pine aiid,reed.'"'-Wi|cif wtfreafl -that 'chindjiia only cam c' into iise? i 11 t ii e'13t li fcbntury' one doubts 'ilie"accurncy /of "the1 rcCofd"'6f'!tlie foundation of Caudldmas'day.;-,;I'thIiilrit;miioii more possible tliat'thVso"caUodl!,il'caUiiics " burnt 'first11 to" Telirfia and tlien 'to' tho -'Virgin were lamps, tin same as still used by the de votees, of Buddlin.;;f3m''l .wax , tapeiswciofirat used in eliurchcs in the 14th century, but were very costly. Shakspearc is possibly guilty of 011 anachronism in depicting Lady Macbeth as carrying a lighted taper, but not in the beauti ful comparison in Tho. Merchant, of Venice rdrtia : That llghtwo see is hnrning in my hall. So far that little candlo, throws its beams so shines agood deed ill a, naughty world. Ncrissu.-: . When the luoeii slione we did not see the candle. .; . l'ortia :,So doth tlie greater giory dim tile less. The traile of the tallow chandler was first men tioned in the reign of Edward I. By the ancient laws of gallant little Wales the candlo bearer to royalty- was allowed; . piece of caudle as long as tlie brcadlb of his baud, and was also entitled to the fragments, and to claim all the tops 011 conditidn he" hit them off. Tho AVelsh candlo bearer grew ' ricltj- his -descendants grace the peerage. ' At one end of tho family tree is the little Welshman eager after his perquisites of candle, tit the other is a great nobleman. I have heard of waiters at Continental hotels who grew rich 'in; the same waj. There you are charged for each candle in your bedroom. The unwary tourist who- lias four lighted finds four francs debited to him iiv Ilia liili. Tlie old Con tinental hand immediately... blows out three of the eau'dlcs, cxpiainiifg'that lie is not a Russian prince. Perhaps you do not use one quarter of the candle in your chamber. The waiter who takes down yottr lug annexes the rest, and <0 in the course of the year lays by what to him is it considerable sum. The rise of the candle industry in England nay be said to date front 1837, when the manu facture was set free of excite supci vision. After that, Price and Co. started mills in Ceylon for crushing cocoannts for oil io export to London. In 1840, whilst trying to invent a cheap self snuffing candle for the lloyal marriage illumina tion, Mr. Price hit upon the required thing— a mixture of stearic acid aud cocoauut sicariuc. This was the well known Composite caudle.; Tbe biggest candle making firm in tlie "world is Price's Patent Candle Conipauy, at Batteuea. Thirty years ago they": were' described in the London Press. First. tlie wharf where the com pany V lighters unload the paraffin. "Tho barrels, of crude yellow shale come from America. Miies of what appear to he sweating rooms and refineries, always a new official crop ping up. Sometimes we arc in a world: of oil. Floors slippery- with it — pumped here ami there. The atmosphere is oleaginous.';!1 ; Must/be very healthy — all workmen ! ''loolc vwelL'- ' ' To' the amateur ail is doubt, confusion and uncertainty. But tiie transformation scenes in the history of the candle are almost theatrical" : Candle making is not a subject which at tho first impression leads itself readily to -popular literary treatment, hut it is vastly interesting. In spite of gas and electric light we .keep our candle. It no longer ajiluttcrs, or hows, or presages death. It is! white und clear and firm, or it is pink or scagreen,,and appeals. to our artistic sense. It does '.nob" injure- pictures or articles of vcrtu. . The process oi candle making as we see it to-day is the result of generations of scientific and. chemicil progress. Tiie cul mination of this is. seen at the new woiks of Messrs. G. Mowling and Son at- Footscray. ! Tlie founder of this business, Mr. Geo. Mowling, senior, arrived in this colony in 185 and after some time entered inlo the boot trade, which lie carried on for some years. In 1S70 ho started a candle manufactory ma small way, his then out put not exeeedinglOO boxes per week, being equal to 2500 lb. of stearins. The original works were situated :oii . ihe Yarra hank, -next to tho Metropolitan Gas Company's works, Flinders- street extension.",.r;;.':y':-: r I meet Mr. . George 'Mewling, junior, at the city office ofthe firm, in Flinders-lane. This gentlemau wat -bom in Bomke-sircet, and is prand oi being a young Australian. But lie lias visited England and made the grand tour of the Continent, and is so much the ' better in that lie has thus standards of comparison. Mr. George Mowliug, junior, in his youih served his apprenticeship at an engineering works in Melbourne, and is still further a better man and a better candle maker for tbe knowledge be thus acquired. For- the mackinety used in producing the perfected candle of commerce is intricate. At Flinders- street station we meet Mr. Robert S. Bradley, of St. Kilda. "What do you know about candles 1" I ask. "I was a judge.at the Exhibi tion." says Mr. Bradley. , "Come with u?," says Mr. Mowliug; but Mr. Bradley has a young genileman in charge, so cannot net the part of my friend the philosopher. I am sorry I have' not a new chum with me when we arrive at Footscray. He would ; be impressed with the sight, which also impresses inc. An emu is walking abont the street uear the station, peck- ing away at the broken bine metal as tame as an ordinaty batn door fowL It is to the credit of the schoolboys at Feotseriiy that this bird finds itself so much at. home in the streets. Footscray cannot be said to be a highly pictur esque locality ; tubular roofsand tall chimney atxeks arc not calculated to adorn a landscape. Bui Messrs. Mowling's new works are quite ornamental in their line, architecturally superior to any I have visited in or around the metropolis. The extensive sate is that previously occupied by the paddock in which the powder magaxine stood. I am reminded of Price's Baltcrcca Works by tho fact that the establish ment of Mestrs. Mowlings' adjoins the Salt water River, that bargea and steamers can be here discharged and laiden with cargo the same as at Batierssa. Only the Saltwater River ia not quite the Thames, except in the quality of its mud. ' This candle factory; consists of a number of large brick buildings atid <k "great chimney stack 165 feet high with an inside diameter of fi feet. Orer . £000,003 hricka were used in the election of these "works, besides a vast amonnt of faiibef, ' iron 'and' other haiHing materials. Tllc works are qnild an brnamcntal;addition; to 'the banks 'of'tlie SaltwatorvRiver.:" 'Wh are;rc- ceived'- hysthelmanager; Mr;,iTJioirins;.Testio, a iiativo of'iBatlcrsca,: brought up-from his child- hood ill Price's' works; die" took.in-the.- art of candle niBkiugAVitirllishrcadhand'.millc.Vf -iThe initial Stage' bf 'ethdlesmaking .'consists -inipre-- paring the tallow, ami converting tiiat into the siibstanco known as stearine, from, wliieli tlie heat and cheapest Australian candies arc made. Chemists explain to us that all animal fat con tains acids, glycerine, olciiio aud stearine. Now. glycerine ; and . oiciiieXcoiitain properties Ayliicli; affect the light .and tho color: of a candle. Tlisso liave i o be : removed from tho tallow by a series of elaborate ;c.Uemipal;prdccasie which astonish the uniisiti ated!- wh ose Koto, idea of candle makuig iB What tlicy may have seen iu tiie'diusli. In remote : liomestenils one may. occasionally sec rougli :'fat ' melted down and ponrod into nioulds of priinitive fonn, ..'wliieli make candles good enough for home consump tion. . " . ! . h' It is a slrange coincidence, that both" human flesh and pork make very bad tallow, each oon taining too much oleic acid and an extra amount of ptomaine compared with other mammals. Cannibal acquaintances in the Soutli Seas have assured ma that cooked humanity tastes very much like pork. " Long pig " is beachcomber slang for a meal of human flesh. This is not very complimentary to us, presumed lords of creation. There ia only 011c animal which is less useful from a candle making point of view than inan and pig. This ia the horse, whose fat is full of the vilest acids. At one time there was aii extensive manufacture of . candles from human tallow. This was after the great plague in Paris, when thousands . of . the dead .were buried in troiiches outaidc the city. When this land was reclaimed in course of years, it .was found .that tiie fat of tlie corpses had run togctlior ihto great cryslalliscd niasKes. .Candies .irsre madc from thesc. niid it is said they were good ones.'.:, The. professorwho gavo this story at our" university ineilical- school always added tho sgrim joke, "In life -these poor fellows might hot have been of much account, hot after death tlieir iights shoiic before men;" On the floor of one of tire lofty brick build ings of Slcssrs. rMowlings'i works rough fat", is .received from the slaughter yards to the amouiit of about 30 tons per week. Wken we entcr tliis building my first instinct is to take sevcral long sniffs. "There is just a faint odor such a9 one may get in any kitchen ; hut that is all. "Where docs the smell go to V" 1 ask. "You will see presently," says Mr. Mowling. The fat from the sianghtcr yards is brought in canvas bags, which' are placed in a lift which runs to the only upper story in the works. The sight of tliis'Iift brings joy to iny heart. We ascend to the upper floor, where I. am shown how the l'at is hielted or " Icnilered"; down in .hermetically closed--" digesters, ".twhicii'are steel vats. These are'heatcd hy stcam till tlie fat ia in vliqnidsfatc. A vslvcis then opened, which com-! muiiicatcs with a pipe running into a condenser, into which the fumes arc thus conveyed. From this condenser tho gases find their way through pipes into the boiler fires,- and .to. they pass off .Innocuously. :By this process of treatment ail offensive odors are avoided. From the "digest ers;" 'tha liquid fat is rim down into Jarge vats, where it is washed and purified ; it is then further heated and pumped up into drying pins, where a portion of tlio watery moisture is exuded. From these tlie fat is 11m into. other vessels and treated chemically. Avitii acids, which decom pose the rough tallow into stearine, oieine and glycerine. It is necessary io first get rid of the latter substance. To do this the melted fat is run into another vat and hoilod with water, with which tlio glycerine combine;,! settling at the bottom of the vat and being ritu off with tho water. .. Leaving: tho. glycerine for the present we follow the liquid fat on its course as it is pumped through copper pipes to tlie distilling house. Every .appliance used here has to he of copper or wood, as the acids rust and destroy iron. In this distilling house aro stills which contain 6 ton "charges' each. Heated by fire and steam tlie fat becomes vapor, which finds its way into tho condenser pipes, wiicre it condenses once more to liquid and pours into cooling receivers and vat;. From thence it is pumped across to the press room, where it is run into flat tin dishes, of which there are about 5000 cooling at once. AVhcn the fat is quite cool is forms a solid block, which has still a slight yellow tint, owing to the presence of tlie oieine or oleic acid. This also makes' the fat slightly soft. You cau make an iudontation in it by pressing it with your finger.- .The blocks or cakes' removed from jhe tins are wrapped lit' coatee, canvas and piled ' in powerful' hydraulic presses, by which the oieine is pressed out, and the cakes of fat on tc- raoval have now become a haul pure white sub stance, known ais stearine, of which there arc several grades. . Tho cakes are broken -np iuto., vat, , again boiled to liquid, and the finishing purification lakes place. This is one of tlie trade secrets. How many, processes has tho stearino gone through' since it came from tlio slaughter yard in .the.form of Totigh fat?- It has now arrived at us last, wlicii.itisjun into coolers in the mould ing :rqoni. Frornv these it is lioured into the moulding machiucs, which contain 90 moulds each. ' These candle moulds are made of metal composition resembling pewter, beautifully turned and finished inside. There aro four tiers - or layers of moulds ; one wick runs from bot tom to top. Tho improvement of candlo wicks is almost as great as that in the preparation' of fat tor candle making. I remember, many years ago, how one's evening readings were spoiled by having every few minutes to snuff the great cotrso candle wicks with hand inachincs as heavy as pocket pistols, which ia many houses wore heirlooms, being of massive silver engraved with' crest and root to. ;You could: commit a murder with one of these ancient snuffers. Vciy different now, when the thin twisted wick hurus away Into carton. But it is uot only' in tho wick but -in the chemical- treatment of it that this improvement lie caused. In a locked room Mr. Testro keeps -, the ! skeins of- wick imported from Manchester. He soaks these in: a cunning cheuiicxl coinpound WiSiJS'r fe Mf. Grorgo-JIowling. Tlioy:nro tlieii (lfie(l''iii>'a.. centrifugal shnilar to that used in tlia;.laundiy_hy tho good iiuiis at dried, is "wound on liobliihs'-; ivTiich"'iiroyfi&d;" nt the btom.lM,,tjie toii)piji;ebin<ij1, AVhen the ,.q>nieir,9jjt5Iy.ijeiiiied.fwm the moulds, thmwicks'hieiiig ouf ' h'otwceii each' tier or layer. They aye then 'taken to a trinimiii- inn6tirtijb;nTj!l"rcd need tro'-tlro exact length which will miike a certain niimfer of each size to the pound;,. They arq . tljentpacbed; in Mho paper, labelled and' hqi|ed-qjtjj'loailod: 011 tlio heavy dray, destined foPnUqinrts of tjic colony. 3'AVe have traced , the mnking of a candle from its initiatory stage of'. mutton fat till it is packed off to city and couiilry storos to he htunt in town house, in hushiimniestcad f and deep down in the mines ; " and thcre's an, end of it," the amateur will' say. But ask the chemiit what happens whoija candlekunis. Ho will tell you. Tlio stearine nrwell as! tho wick of the caiullo gradually fdisajipeavs as it biirns, and at last all is gone, ivick, stearine and all. AVhat lias he- come of the stearine ? It has disappeared. Is it lost ? So far as our eyes aro concerned certainly if is last, but so is tlie ship which sails away on the sea, and yet ;we?know that tlio ship still exists, (hough we do not sco it; and so tho lump of sugar appears 'to be lost when wo put it into a cup of hot ten, and yet we know that tha sugar ib not really lost, because the tea is mads sweet. 1'art of the stearine lia9 becomo con verted into carbon or charcoal in the form of carbonic acid gas. .Other part becomes water. When a. caudle burns nothing, is lost, though tubjected to/a ciiemioal change in its form. The present/output of candies from tho Mowling, factory is- about 2000 boxes per week, equal to 50,000 Hi. - weight. These works find actual employment, on the spot to about 100 hands, and indirectly distribute cousidcrahio business to other branches of trade, such as chemical works, box makers, paper mills, limo burner;, coopers and printers. If any business deserves protection it is that of the candlo maker. , 'He uses up.a.Iargo product of tho country in tallow. Yot this industry is now threatened with afree trade camjretition iu the importation of, parallino blocksMrom America, which now entcrduly free. Taraliine is the oil of petroleum. It is flic refuse after kerosene has been ex tracted. It is brought here in solid blocks or cakes which being melted can he poured into moulding machines aud caudles turned out, hut of a very inferior quality, l'a ratline enndlei cannot stand heat; they will: melt and adhera to each other ivlien packed. Mr. Tc.stro shown me how even in this cool wenther a parafliiio candle can he bent like a: Toledo blade. Stearine pays a duty of 2d. per lb. ; why should paraUine be: admitted free? As it i;t America, aud perhsps Chinese cheap labor there, benefits by the production of there parafiino blocks. All the labor and capital ex pended in converting tallow into stearine will lis largely wasted in every candle factory in A'ic- toria if this importation of paraffineis continued. Half tire hands employed at Messrs. Mowling's could be dispensed with, although tlio quality of the candles could not he improved. The old l'owder 'Magazine makes a first class store room. Here I see' great piles of boxes of candies, branded. " Neva," " Stearatiue," "Albion," "BriFiantin," "Napoleon," "Sham rock," "Crown," "Eureka," "Eclipse "ami "Loddon." From the store I am taken to inspect the process of treating what are known as the by-product'. Tho glycerine,! after being ex tracted from the tallow, is boated in a special building quite apart from the candle factory. The water with which it has been assimilated is removed. The glycerine is treated with char coal, and then passes through a silver plated still, which' produces a chemically pnro glycerine. There- is an extensive demand fur this iii the colonics as in Europe. At one time during tho construction of the Panama Canal a "ring" was formed in raw glycerine. It was considered that to much nitro glycerine would he used in tlio con struction of this canal that iho price went up to £85 a- ton. The canal com pany burst, anil the "ring" burst, hut glycerine is still a profitable product. Tho oieine from the presses here is distilled till it becomes a pure and pale oil like liquid ; it is used in tlio making of soft soap. AVhcn the soap works here, for which a large building lias been erected, aie started, oieine, as w«ll as glycerine, will he largely used up upon the premises. Stearine pitch ia another product which is iargoly used by the Tramway Company as ntt expansive joiut between tiie wood blocks. AVhen we sec these being laid down with a sort of black grease, wc little think that the latter is a chemical product from muticn fat. Of course, in all these products chemistry largely enter.'. There aro trade secrets in the laboratoiy of Mr. Testro which, of course, I am unable to fathom. One thing is patent to tiie casual visitor, that is. that nothing is wasted heie. I think that, like tlio historical 'Welshman, one might almost found a family on the proceeds of tlie candle ends and trimming;, which arc again melicd for tiie ir.onhl. The wick cuds, which are strained off, are dried and sold to tlio paper works. - / : _Tho, boiler-room contains five largs boilers of 230, horse power each ; there were fitted up ami all tho engineering work done on the premises. Tho engineering shops are big enough in thonr- I selves to form a good engineering establishment, jj Tlie engine room adjoining tlie boiler house con- ( tains a most complete and effective plant for the | generation of electric iiglit, with which tlm | wlioieqf tlio extensive woiks ate i!lumin«<tu- | Tiie tinsmiths' .hop, wlicro tlio caiullo inou his I aro made, i; an intcrrsting corner of the work;. | But it may be queried as to which portion ia not | interesting. The prevailing idea one gets lift0 | is the excessive cleanliness everywhere ohscrvcui | considering tli naturo of the business. Cutl«j « run along the brick floors Every night a hot water hose. is turned on, and everything cleanse" , thoroughly. The best impression I S" "J 3 Messrs, Mowling's factory is tha appearance 01 | the men and boys employed hero. They ail Iooit\ wonderfully happy and healthy ; they aro mostly specimens of those young Austraijao whom I love. They do as much in their eigj> hours of labor as a miserably paid European J" 12\. Their healthy appearance no doubt ans« 1 a great measure from thsir calling. Fat, » -J. well known, kills tlio consumptive ui't'0 Consumption is unknown in Icoland owing ' tho largo amount of fat eaten by tho iobabilaw- Though I do uot suppose, any. of the mm"')! at Messrs. Mowling .cat, much fat, still tn in® 1 (ug an atmosphere in which' the fatty - acids « subtly combined ilic result is the samel I' be questioned if in time FooUeray . may " become a popular lieaith rctutt. on ,u account, ,;. . .. ,. ..... . . . 