[?] ; . MATERIALISATION' BY A GGNJURER fiosfcingV spiritualistic matena isations, in Melbourne, recently in Sydney have been decidedly suc cessful, and it was noticeable that the re- erved stalls were occupied by many pro minent spiritualists. Ernest Hosking. The first part of the programme, as given in Melbourne, consisted of a well diversified concert pro gramme, arranged under the direction of Mr W. J. Turner. Mr Hosking, after giving an exceedingly clever ventriloquial sketch, turned his attention to the main item of the evening. Under the critical supervision of Professors Laurie and Spen cer, Mr S. V. Winter, J.P., and MrGordon, a long cord was fastened round the performer's neck and sealed; Mr Hosking, who had previously changed his clothing under the watchful eye of Mr Gordon, secretary of the Cale donian Society, was then placed in a black silesia bag, a portion of the sewing of which had been personally superin tended on the stage by Prof. Laurie, and the cords round the performer's neck drawn tight, were knotted andsealed. Then, after the floor and the curtains of the cabinet had beeu closely scrutinised, Mr Hosking took his seat on a chair inside. The ends of the sealed cord from round his neck were drawn through the wood- Mr Hosking's " Cissie." work, sealed, and held on the outside of the cabinet by Professor Spencer. These precautions taken, the lights were lowered, and almost simultaneously a hand ap peared through the curtains. . A minute later Geordie appeared and was followed successively by Cissie and Josephine. The ghastly figures shook bands with the committee, all of whem pronounced the extended hands to be of material plump ness. On the lights being turned up the conjurer was found still in his seat and the cords and seals were intact. The performance was undoubtedly clever and apparently mystified the com mittee. Professor Laurie briefly ex plained what had been done, and Mr Winter announced that the cabinet had been watched from all sides and that there had been no outside com munication either from the back or through any trap-door, so that the per former did his work unaided by any con- fIt maybe added that the draperyusedby Mr Hosking presented a more ghost-like appearance thanany used here, and that the performer paid great attention to the Sinner in which the figures disappeared, thus presenting the appearance of their dematerialisation which so greatly struck Mrs Besant at Mrs Mellon s seance. The former lady, it will be remembered, after wards declared that she verily believed one of the figures had actually de materialised beforo her eyes. The bag in which Mr Hosking was fas tened was presented to Professor Laurie, who took it away with him. The official coronation of the Czar. Nicholas of Russia has been fixed to take place in April, 1896. . - 