A CAREER FOR A KISS. "Taturi, tramp, tramp," and a heaonvy pair of boots come down the stone steps of the oficers' steps at Silver bridge. A liick at the door rouses Captain Kay from the perusal of a writ just served. "I say, Luliu, are you going to the ball to-night? " "Come in, come in; don't stand shouting outside. Look \t my new or,'tiere." A couple of Clumber spaniels herald Loigh, the youngest subaltern of the -th Foot. IHe looks cautiously round the door, and laughs lustily at the decoration of writs and summonses with which Lulu has just panelled the door. " I say, Lu, you do have good ideas. That's the most sportin' decoration I've seen for a long time. "It's all very well, Loigh, to laugh at it. You're a rich follow, you've got rich relations to fall back upon; but I'm douced hard pressed. If I don't find some sop for my creditors I shall have to out the service. I'm awfully down on my luck about it." "What about the ball to-night ? I'm going to drive over some time after ten-if you like, I'll give you a lift." " Well, I don't fooeel much like dancing." "You'll feel all right when you got there." "Very well, I'll be ready at ten sharp." "Miss Botty Dormer is in form to night. She looks splendid. I've never known a girl that changes so much. I met her last night and she looked positively ugly." " What I the girl in yellow ? Curi ous looking; I shouldn't call her ugly by any means--looks elegant-pretty stiff." " Stiff. No, I can't say that. She's got plenty to say for herself; I call her very amusinug, and she danuces " here the young follow raised his voice and eyes to add meaning to his words -" like an angel." "Hallon, Leigh I" "Nonsense, halloa I nothing of the sort. Come upstairs ; "I'llintroduce you. I warn you, though, you won't oarc much about her." And why not ?" " She's not your sort. She'll talki and bsho'll laugh and she'll dance, that's all." "And why won't I care about her, if she does all that ?" "My good fellow, we all know you ;" and taking his friend confiden. "'ly by the arm he said, impor b 'v: "She won't kiss you. She's tant, ' iceberg; you won't believe a perfeo, 'r yourself. I've known me-try t. ' sho's been out. Ask nor over sine ouar the same thing anybody, you'll e. repeat, an ice -charmin'; but, s 'od his shoul berg," and Leigh shrtlugb dors. 'airease K~ay looked up the wide b, iag onne more at the pretty girl ston. in the doorway of, the ballroom, her. simple, long, yellow gown curling gracefully round her as the movement of the valse had left it. She had evidently beer danciug quickly and left off suddenly, for absho wae steadying herself against ', pillar, end the large yellow roses and the ribbons in the bosom of her gown be trayed her breathlelssness. She wa's not beautiful, but there was a oha~e:m about her that waso very attractive ansi made her conapiouous even in that throng. Lady Adolaide Sklilwell's balls were always well attended, for lshe had all the prettiest womren in the oounty, good music, an exellont floor, and she horself always roooiveod with genuine cordiality. She asked her friends for the pleasure it gave her to ese them, and not, as is very usual, to " do them off," so that her radiance refleoted upon her guests and ani mated them. Kay answered sharply " One does not expoet every girl to be a volcano. The house is hot enough as it is." "To please you, my dear follow, she must, so that's all nonsense," Leigh insisted, cheerily. " Come along in." Kay stopped on the landing and meditatively drew on his gloves. "What do you bet," he said quickly, "that I transform the iceborg into a volcano before the evening is over ?" "Woulad't bet--can't on a oer tainty, it 'ud be robbin' you," Loigh answered, laughing. "Leave that to me. Do yon take my bet ?" "I lay you 100 to 1 you don't get her to kiss you." "Done with you-that she kisses me to.night." ." Of her own free will, mind you." "Of her own free will. You know the glass terrace that runs along the front of the house-at one o'olook you be behind the curtain that leads into the music-room. They are not using it to-night "-- Loigh's shouts of laugh ter almost drowned the last words. "Now introduce me." " Mias Betty Dormer, may I intro duce Captain Kay to you ?" Miss Dormer inclined her head and eaid: " How d'you do ?" Kay looked into her eyes intently. " May I have a dance ?" She handed him the programme of the dances. He took this as a signal of trust, and proceeded to write his name against several of the dances. He was astonished that she never even glanced at the programme, but bade him "hand it on to Mr. Loigh." "You will forget," he remonstrated, " which you have given me if you do not look." "Provided youe remember, Captain Kay, I need not." "So the first round has missed," thought Lulu as he moved away to make room for some other men who were waiting to talk to her. He went some distance away and took stock of his victim. The first bars of "Toujours ou jamaio " rp: out; she looked cool and self-poseessed with the usual busy ball-room traffic all around her: the men running about eagerly looking for their partners, consulting their programmes, so anxious not to mis take a plain for a pretty woman, a heavy for a light dancer; of conver cation there is hardly any question, lie returned to her and whisked her away; shelo greeted him with an amused smile. "isn't it ugly ? "' she said. It looks like Paddington Station on a summer Saturday afterooon." " Yes, only the guards are wanting to show you to your carriage." " All the pretty girls first.-class, the amusing scuoud, the heavy third I" She laughed at her own witticism. " I should get into the guard's van, I do so dislike crowds." " I shatll be the guard, then." Whereupon Captain Kay stopped dancing, and without more ado led her to a corridor, where comfortable armchairs and divans temptingly in. vited one to chat and rest, and great pyramids of ice hidden among flowers cooled the somewhat overheated atmos sphore of the house. Drawing out an easy chair he put her into it. " There, that's better; here we will sit and let them dance. We will amuse our solves." " 'ou will amuse lme. I shall take a holiday. You look as though you could talk. I shall listen." "I can't be amusing to you." " Have you brought me down hero to be rude to moe ? If so, we'll go back." " Heonaven forbid; you will stop hero. I will have my way; you are comfort able and it is very nice. There will be a rush for this place in a moment, so let us enjoy the quiet," " Does that mean that we arte to sit here without talking ? I can't do that for long. I'm a terrible talker." With an eflfort Ray pulled himself together, She interested him so that lie forgot the stakes, and it was already past eloeven o'clock. "It means that I have found you, ~nd shall not risk losing you again just vet; you must stay here." "Oh I Oh I How about this ?" She pointed to her card. "I'll make that all right. My name is down for the ndit four daneoos. Sco--there and there." " You did not do that, did you I" Her eyes gleamed with pleasure. "And I shall go on filling it up so there's an end to doubt and no escape," Miss D)ormer laughed and rose quickly, so did Kay, and taking her hand pressed her again into her seat. For a moment she resented his tyranny; an angry flush rose to her face. However, an appealing look from Kay seemed to settle the matter, and with a little sigh she subsided again into the coshions. He took a few steps towards a window and stood there, wondering what should be his next move. So far, so good; but now, what was to come next ? And time was flying. Turning suddenly he met her eye resting on him with a quaint, troubled expression, and his conscienoce smoto him. For half a second the man's chivalry struggled with his lower nature. The latter triumphed, for he was hard pressed for money--he oust either have money or must out the service-his career depended on the next hour. "I can't understond," he continued, truthfully, " what I feel about you. You have fascinated me completly." -o seized her hand violently. You little witch, how have you dorne it ?" "What nonsonae are you talking ? This is not my first ball." For all that she was sippi.'g the honey of his words. He saw her weakness, and profited thereforr. " You are wrong, you sil'ple little woman; this is no nonsene,. I have read of such things as love at first 5:,ht-sudden and fervent." 'Sho looked doubtful. , Ttjtle seeptiel Yes, I have; p ,ing of it, novelists are full of it." " Nove lists never draw from life." No, ,, 'on't laugh at me, you hurt me. I am 1u man of the world who a talk pati'udes with my heart so full. Your frone n can't stop me ; you see how it is with me." A tall, thin young man nero inter rnpted their conversnti.ou, and carried Botty off; she rose slowly . much dis inclined to acknowledge h claim. As she walked leisurely alo.'g the passago on her partner's arm, sIro glauced back with a little regrethu grimacoo that bewitched Kay, who followed them, and a low " Ourse the fellow 1" escaped him. He went into the deserted refresh ment- room and tossed down a brandy and-soda, and another, and another. It sickened him that there was only three-quarters of an hour left him, and here was she wasting precious moments dancing with another. What had he achieved ? Notlhing. She had charmed him but that was more feeble senti mont. His work was sat out for him, and he was determined to go through with it. Idiots called her cold, soul less. Dear little thing, with her win niug manner and lovely eyes and gleamingwhite tooth, and, to orown all, with suech a smile I He swore to him self that he was a funy sort of chap and, therefore, didn't like the job; but what, after all, was a hiss to her ? -and £300 would save him from ruin -a kiss and a careoer-the balanco was distinctly uneven. If only the brandies-and-sodas would drown his very small remnant of conscience Ah I at last here she was. " Why have you boon so long with that idiot? I do believe you were going to prolong my agony and were going in to supper with him." She nodded assenot. "Don't be fretful," she said, smiling, " you shall have your reward." Willingly he mistook her meaning. "Thuen come with me." Leaving theo orowd to struggle down to supper, they went through the hall and th?o boudoir to the glass-covered terrace that ran along the front of tohe house, where the many Chinese lanterns fliokeroed only dimly, making tho white statues peep ghost- like from among the palms and flowers. Ieors Captain Kay seated her on a marble seat and watohed her try, by re adopting her original indifference, to hide her timidity. "And now, Miss Dormer, for my er ward. " Her changed manner annoyed him, for be calculated that at this rate it would take more than fifteeoon minutes to reach the climax, and by that time Loeigh would be triumphant behind theu curtain, " We could have chatted quite as well upstaria; it is cold and uncanny hero. I hate statues." "Who wants to chat, Betty? I want my reward," he urged. " You are having it, and it's quite your own fault if it is not in a cosier place. I don't like it. Take moe back." " Not until you have fulfilled your promise." "What 3 I have made no promise." " A moment ago you spoke of my reward. You are fickle, like the rest: one moment you are human, the next moment you repent. Why do you torture me ? What have I done to you that you should treat me so 9" She rose quickly, but following her he seized both her hands in his, fiercely. "I want a kiss," he mur mured. "You are mad." Her voice trembled with the struggle to free herself from his grasp. "Why did you allow me to talk to you so if my sudden love for you hadn't awakened some feeling in you 9" The minutes were soampering to wards the decisive hour. His plead. ing was useless; alive to the futile ness of his efforts to break through her conventional manner, he grew more and more excited, and groped around wildly in his mind for some strategy, some lie to coax her with. The girl troubled him; he felt her worth and cursed his fate that she was not made of ordinary ball-room stuff. " Love I" she scoffed. " Two houros ago we had never met; and now and-now"-the words choked her -" it is an insult." "A groan esoaped him, and a long, weary sigh. " Have we soldiers time for long wooing ?" Here to-day and gone to-morrow," This sentimen, tality, etpressed in hoarse, trembling tones, called forth a gleam of pity in her lovely eyes. He reoognised the offect of his words, and a footstep in the adjoining room roused him into action. At last he collected his wito and had his plausive lie. Glibly, in low, gasping senteneso, he spoke to her : "I am under sailing orders. I leave to-morrow for Burmah." She muttered something inaudible. "I may be ordered to the front, and if I were not, the olimate is as bad an enemy as the Dooits. I love yeou, I tell you I love you. I am a poor man. A soldier's pittance is all I have, but Ilove you, and the thought of you will help me to live as a man should live to be worthy of snch a woman as you, are. Betty, listen to meo. I ask so little-a kisse-a token that I may come back when I have my majority, and ask you to takelo pity on me. Have I no chance of :uaning your love ? Say yes; give me a glia.. mer of hope-be charitable; yes I know you are proud, reserved, a per foot mind, and a perfeet soul-that makes me love you more a thousand times. What can it harm you to kiss me and say ' God bless you'? Onoe oat there my life is not worth an hour's purchase. "Hush I if anyone was to see you hero holding my hands. Let us go hack. Oollest yourself. You willre gret all your words. You are im petuous, fanoiful-hush II hear foot steps." Instinctively, Kay felt that five minutes was all he had. Desperately, and in sober earnest, he flung her hands away so that she staggered against the bench. "You have no heart-you are cold I they are right to say you are made of ice. Because I have not waited a fortnight and run after you before all the world, you tell me my love for you is an insult. I love you, I say, and, because your friends don't see me courting you, you refuse to listen. I beg you for a dying servioe, perhaps, and you answer that you hear footsteps, that someone might see us-and you call yourself a woman i" Sho was moved--the ico had molted: and the haughty Miss Dor mor's eyes glowed with an unnusual light, a ratdiance that betrayed that her good woman's heart was touched -that his tempostuous pleading had awakened a "something" that im polled her to boey his lover's request, and throw her pretty arma arouud him. Her lips mot his in a long, passion ate kissel He held her closeo to him until with a sobbing, shuddering sigh, she disengaged horself. The rustle of her henavy silk skirts on the tessellated floor, as she moved somewhat wearily in front of him, worried his nerves, and set his teeth on edge. The clook in the hall pealed out shrilly the quartsrse-one-two-threo -four-and then triumphant shriek ing-One!? And Captain Kay was saved. Mr. Leigh, being young, had not been through sufficient ball-room campaigns to have learnt how much champagne he could take in one evening without getting to that happy borderland betweeoon walking and dreaming which he very technically nalled being " sidoeways on." After his sixth supper he became garrulous, and a brother officer put him gently into his trap and drove him home. " I say, old chappio--I must drink to drown my shrorrow-frigh'fully down on my luck- jush losh a clear £800 to that devil Kay. Careless chap, Kay." And out meandered the whole story of the bet, with a detailed and graphio account of what Leigh had heard whilst waiting behind the curtained door that led into the glass covered terrace. This unfortunate youth awoke next morning, quite unconsoious of the effect his story had produced in the smoking-room on the previous night, where he had found two or three fellows still smoking on hio return, and had, at his friend Chichester's request, repeated everything, with full partiuonlars as to name and place. That same morning a sharp ring at the bell hurried Captain Kay's servant to a cab that was drawn up at the door, and a lady in a thiack lace veil bec koned him to approach. "Has Captain Kay left already p" she asked, in a low, unsteady voice. "Captain Kay, ma'am? Ho's on duty this morning." "Then what time is he going ?" "Not going away at all, that I am aware. I've got no horders to pack his traps." " But he's under sailing orders to leave England." Oh, no, my lady; the first battalion 'as honly just come home." "Are you very certain ?" "Indeed and I ham, mylady. We came from Burmab three months ago." "Will you tell the cabman to drive back 3" the lady said5 and her voice was unimpassioned and very feeble. "Shall I tell the Captain your name, my lady ?" She hesitated a moment, but do' oided there was no necessity to do so, and whon the lady dropped a coin into Private Jones's hand, he noticed that her fingers trembled violently, so much that she could hardly hold her purse. "Be quick, cabman," she said, and they drove away. When Lulu lounged lazily, yawn ing, into the mess-room also on that eventful morning a sudden silence greeted his entrance, and a visible constaint fell upon the three or four men presents "I say, Ohiohester, supposing you play me a game of billiards after lunch, oh P" A silence. Kay looked round the table, and added : " What's up with you fellows ? You do look sour." At that moment young Mlr. Leigh ia?io in, very sallow and leaden-eyed, and called to the meoss waiter with a heavy tongue to bring him " the devil of a prairie oyster." When Captain Kay saw Mr. Leigh in this condition he understood his brother officer's silence, so turning on his heel he whistled an air and left the room. ExsncoT Faos?n TE Loendon Gazetlte: To bhe Oaptain: Lieutenant T. Chihoestor, vice Captain Clement Kay, who resigno bin commission. Strand .aga-izne. 