DEATH OF A MUCH-LOVED PKIEST. (From a Correspondent.) HABTBOBOUGH, 6th Angnst. A HOBS profound and widespread fading of sorrow has never been 1; occasioned amongst the parishioners of Maryborough and surrounding districts than that which has suddenly bees caused by the receipt, from Europe, of intelligence of the death of the Bev. A. Lemire, who for three years was parish priest here prior to Bev. Fr. Marshall. The sad news was received from the Bev. J. Lemire, Paris, a brother of the deceased olergyman, who states that the announcement of his death at Trinidad, West Indies, had reached Paris by telegraph on 2nd July. At the monthly meeting, on Friday evening, of the Sodality of the Saored Heart (one of the several pkras guilds which the devoted priest founded while he was amongst us), the Bev. Fr. Marshall communioated the message of death to the large assemblage present. It was received with' manifestations of the deepest regret, and there was not a dry eye in the church. Fr. Marshall, referring to the sad event, bore eloquent testimony to the zeal and piety of the beloved dead, who had accomplishedBO mtmh for the Churnh daring hie short stay amongst them. The rev. gentleman dtolt also on the responsibilities of the priestly office, and exhorted the congregation to offer up devoutly their prayers for the departed clerie. To this the heartiest response has been given, and on Sunday morning the members of the sodality approached Holy Oommnnion in a body offering up their Oommtmion for the repose of the good priest's soul. At the conclusion of the service the church organ pealed forth " The Dead March," and again the most unfeigned sorrow was evinced by the congregation.' The Bev. Fr. Lemire arrived in the colony aboat five years . ago, being one of the members of the Holy Ghost Order of priests brought out by his Lordship Bishop Moore on his. return from Europe. The colonial he&cl- qnarters; of the Order was established at BaUarat under the presidency of the Very Bev. Dr. B6ff6, Superior; who founded the Holy Ghost College (now St. Patrick'^ whioh for some time was oarried Qm- ^im Holy Ghost Fathers. Amongst Fr. LeAiire colleagues was the Bev. FtL ^Griffijjh^-a, nephew of the Irish poet, GegJ^\Gzrffin< Thte gentleman, who was aprofcrapi reached the colony in fattmg he&U;&, ''and' died in Maryborough of consum] shortly after their arrival. Fr. Lemire and he were fast friends,' aid a handsome monument, ereoted by the Holy Ghost Father's at Fr. Lemire's instance, marks the spot in Maryborough Cemetery where the bones of the dear young Irish priest are' lying. Fr, Brennan, another noble epedmai of the manhood that Ireland has consecrated to the service .-of the Ghuroh, was wothwr prominent figure inDr. B£ff£'s devoted little band, a gentleman of high accomplishments and a scholar of rare achievements. Though apparently strong , and . hale, lie also sue-, combed to the fatal disease, pneumonia, and died at Ballarat a short time prior to -the withdrawal of the Order from this dioceae. TheBey. Fr. Stevens, Who was at one time . secretary to bis Gtaee the Archbishop of Melbourne, joined the Order of the Holy Ghost soon after their arrival in. the colony, and amongst its other members ware Pre. Carey, Tuohy, Schmidt, Cleaiy, Lee, Lavadoax, and Graagh. The two latter followed Fr. Lemire to the other end of the earth, and probably knelt by his bedside while he breathed his last. l On the ehsrge of Maryborough pariah being handed over to the Holy Ghost Fathers, Dr. B&KplacedFr.; Lemire in charge, with Fra. Griffin and Brennan as assistants. The young priest was then only 25 years of age.ond he accepted the responsibilities imposed upon him with evident reluctance and diffidence. He had to face a debt of £800 on the newly-built presbytery, and the jieoessity for extensive improvements to church j?t opeitj throughout the parish. At mee, however, his aealand wnsriftshnasa inserted themeelvas, and-he i|et : t6 work fo relieve thepariihofthe burden of debt it laboured under. Heeoon won the finirfj nn mwi tbjnof $Srp^Unonere, and,Snibeahdrt epice tt eighteen months, wy? ahilBng at atooeeereotedatXddfngtoM effeeUdat Avooa and .Timor, and iniiialaty steps were in pregreas te lbe sreotiaB fcf * MV chnwh-otmof (wliMi bw been bailt), when fits widow and devoted priest was ealled away from the seme of so much fruitful labours. It is art in the least degree disparaging to the worthy and esteemed olergymen who preceded and suceeeded Fr. Lemire to Say tint no priest who has filledthe position he occupied here was more siuoerely or. nmversaliy loved by his people. His sate aim was to unite as rate eongregation, and to further their spiritual and temporal interests in every way he ooold. lake his worthy superior and brother priests, he was a distinguished scholar, who spoke several languages fluently, and although his pronunciation of the BiigiiJi tongue was marred a little by foreignaccent, many an English scholar might emgthe facility with which he oopW^imte ,op tofltas. which only an Bagli^tfu^cit ^nild vcpii^areyto treat. He was a/gregtioyer of church muai^, wirieh he alway^ encouatiea'.v' In* rfsqiusSe'refinement of H^wgsshown in bs-ad0rninent of his pratty^aristTchlTDBh, ^C Aogustme's, which is still th6 envy 6t tbfc entire diooeee. In addition to much artistio decoration of the interior of the building, Fr. Lemire (principally at his own cost) imported from Paris the beautiful statues of Oar Lady of Looides, St. Joseph, and 8L Patriot, as well as a moat beautiful baptismal font, which has perhaps no equal in the diooese. Not only amongst his own-flock was fiie good priest beloved, he was a favourite with all sections of the community, although no one eould possibly be a more fearless champion of his Church's rights, or a more explicit exponent of her doctrines. After returning to Europe Fr. Lemire spent some time in Paris, whence be was sent about two yeare ago to assume the high position of president of 8t. Mary's College, Trinidad. St. Mary's is the chief educational establishment of the Put of Spain, having but one rival -institution in the Boyal College (Protestant), which, like St. Mary's, is recognised by the Government, but much more liberally subsidised. Fr. Lemire, soon after assuming set to work to have this inequality removed. He brought the subject specially under the notice of the college ooooeil (of which both flie college presidents jpembers), and his speech delivered on that oocaaStMras mi all hands admitted to be a wt-tfojafcnt and able vindication of the claims of St! Mary's to fair and equitable treataient. The Melons priest, however, met with Stubborn and prejudiced resistance, .and it is dot improbable that the worry JwKfh this' occasioned, together with the severity of the climate, toH on a ewisUUition which was never very strung, and accelerated his death The particulars of the sad occurrence will be eagerly awaited by Fr. Lamm's former parishioners, who will always revere his memory. 