Goulburn Gossip; The Wyalong goldfields have incited a peculiar interest, : especially whein we note the contra dictory statements made by the different news paper writers. One. week's information is to the effect that miners fromnall parts are present ing themselves, and have the most favourable impression of the place, and the following week (like the weather) a change takes place, and we are told to take things quietly, not to rush the " kip," as the prospect is not at all in viting, reports are exaggerated, those whbhiave arrived generally are dissatisfied, and a warning is given that a red' lamp flickersa in' the neigh bourhood of Wyalong, which the weary way t farer should not see.' All kinds of philos?phy appears to be indulged in, and " rascally in corrigables' ratting the kitchens and taking swells down for their dainty leavings.' Oh, no, these things don't happen nowadays, and if not, why not That is the question. But if it is consoling to. the rich to know they rest in peace, let us hope the hungrybeggar will not find the coming winter more trying than the last, and that those who go from the different towns, although by so doing stand a chance of losing their electors' rights, according to the new Bill, will find benefaction, for- there is, indeed,, too much of a contrast in this fair land. SEaster passed off. very quietly, bu, many lihave entered into the matrimonial bondage since Lent has passed. About sir couples made the vow' on Tuesday last, a " very good record for a day in Goulburn. ' 'Dampier has been perform I ing to crowded houses, the piece. produced being "Robbery Under Arms." The misrepre sentation shows itself clearly almost every day. Last week we had good' news from the goldfield, and accordingly a townman purchased horses and carts, paying a good cash sum for them, with a view of securing employment for all horses, carts, and men. To- days tidings are that 1000 men arrive daily, and 500 of that number also leave. It is apparently just a matter of opinion-some prefer to look for more profitable employment iather than the mere speculation, and Wyalong becomes intolerable. The purchaser of the carts and horses is yet un decided as to what step he will take, but would at all events undo his bargain if the opportunity was given him. Numbers have' gone from Goulburn, I am positive, for we see few in com parison to those we came in contact with formerly, now on the"" warpath." Those that remain come in for more tobacco since the recent gold rush, and there are no complaints about '"Lights o' London" and Shakespeare's 'masterpiece "Hamlet." The latter piece is one to which the Company have pinned them selves, and Mr. Dampier claims to have taken the 'role title nJ less than 700 times since he first took to the boards. In the character it is beyond doubt Alf. nan hold his own against the majority of 'first-class professionals, and' it would be hard to find one whose impersonation is so vigorous and perceptible. If Hamlet had a ghost, it must have been this actor. He gives instruction by the emphasis of his lines,'and the actions are capital. It is quite a treat to meet in the provincial townships men of Mr. Dtuipier's ability, and I am pleased to see that his visit was appreciated. .! \-- -I- =-t.-- . Our footballers are making arrangements for earnest practice, and promise to be very strong: this season. They have secured a large hall to practice scrimmaging at night-time, and withl the energy and enthusiaem ' they have already' displayed, it is possible that things in the foot! ball line will be very willing. A few of our residents are anxious about'Mr.: MoInerney, who appears to be rather, mute of late. Very little interest in political matters is manifested by the labour party here, but there is of course, no necessity, Dr. Hollis being their representative. The Queanboyan Labour League are not killing themselves on behalf of their "old whaler," and Goulburnites are some what inclined to suppose that Mr. Mao. won't go to the poll. Some of Mac.'s admirers think that we are wrong in the supposition, and last week I actually met a member of the Shearer's Union who professed that thouoanboyan seat would be Mclnerney's. This gentleman hailed from that district, and caused me no small anxiety, for further conversation revealed the fact that Jim had a " derry " on The Ancient. It is very hard to think that my sentiments con.i scientiously wr;tton should have hurt Mr. Molnerney, but if there is anything I could be sorry for, apologetically speaking, Mr. Editor, I am glad of it. THlE ANOIENT. 