ALISON'SJpiAGE. ; chapter xxr (continued). , Twilight was coining on apaco ; tlio \lovors llncl to loavo Olupham-commou nn<l roturn to tho Codavs. Mrs. Oavlo'i ton thought thoy looked grnvor far' tlinn whon thoy started ; but yot sho did not think thoy lmd quurrollod, for it was onsy to boo Dick's devotion to protty, darlc-oyod Jiavbnrn, wliilo his Xu'osonoo had given Dtib n now gontlo- noss whioh only nddod to horchnrms. ' Want to talk to mo?' snid Mr. Oarloton, whon tho ladies had retired, nnd .Diok boggod for half-an-itour's nudienco. AVoll, I'm willing ; what is it, toy boy ? I liopo you'vo brought our littlo friond no bad nows.' Diok told tho kind old man all ho had already told Barbara, arid thon ventured bis request. If Alison Chap-, lilaii.Avoro alive slio must, sorolyjiQpd help aud.consolatiou. . Ho. was oortnin Barbara would novor bo happy until sho had mndo somo offort to disoovor whotlior the' story of hor siotor's death was a fabrication. , For liow muoh did Mr. Oarlotou think a dotoctivo would undortnko tho oaso? ' I can't say what an ordinary dotoc- tivo would -cliargo,', said Mr. Oarloton gravely j vuut l toll you what, Air. Carow, I'm interested in tho matter, nnd I'vo a notion thnt I. should liko to bavo a bund in solving tho mystory. If you trust tho oaso to mo I'll only cliargo you tho bnro out-of-poolcot ox- ponsos, and not hurry you for thoso.' 'I novor moant you to undortako it,' said Diolc, oarnostly. 'I. know your timo is valuable. My idoa was to find somo ono far lowor down in , tho profession, nnd thon borrow . tho nmotmt lio required, arranging to pay it out of my capital whon I comb into it in two yonrB' timo.' '"Who goos a borrowing goes a sor rowing,' quotod Mr. Oarloton ; 1 nnd lot mo toll you, Onrow, it's n very doli- , cato pioco of buBinoss, nnd one thnt a Vboginnor might buiiglo dreadfully. You loavo it to mo, and I'll bond in my\ bill whon you oomo into " that fortune of yours. Of oourso j if wo find Mrs. Ohapmnn nnd provo' hor claim to h wondorful inhoritanoo, I'll not rofuso nri honorarium.' Diok wrung his hand. I don't know bow to thank you, sir.' " ' Woll,' Baid tho oldman, 'you nood not try. I'vo tnkon'a fnnoy to your Barbarn, nnd I'vo' another reason for wanting to mnnngo this busi- noss. I'm n good judgo of character, nnd . if ovor I sot oyos . on a villain Jamos Chapman's ouo. I don't liko to think of nny girl or womnn boing at his moroy.' Diok shudclorod. 'Wo novor thought of thnt. Both Bab nnd I took it for grnntod if Alison wns not doad sho had escaped from hor huBbnnd.' 'And what's to kinder him getting hor into his power again ? Bomoihbor, if sho is tho hoiross wo Login to bo- liovo, and ho pvovosffior rights, lio can enjoy tho woaltli in hor unmo, nnd lcoop hor a prisoner in lior own house or in tho county lunatio asylum if it suits him, and ho's not a man to slick at much.' , . CIIAl'TEll XX. Lionel Daro noyov counootod the namo of Chapman with tho cnuso of Alison's swoon. Ho know tho agita tion slio had gono through, coming aftor a long timo of sorrow and nnx- . ioty, wns onough to bronk down a strongor woman ; and bo novor nt- tributodc tho fainting. to anything but \- this. Ho lifted hor tondorly from, tho ground, and plaobd hor on tho rustio bench. Ho was- going 'to tho houso . for nssist?.noo whon sho oponod hor oyos slowly, and said foobly, — 'I am hotter!' 'I bad bottor fotoh ono of tho maids. You look liko a ghost,' Sho shook hor bond. ' I will stay horo a fow minutes, and then go indoors and lio down. Good byo !' It hud to ho snid.; Ho know it. Sho was another's wife. Botwoon him and hor a gulf .yawnod, which no lovo could bridge < ovor ; ; but yot tho agony of thnt parting almost broko down his solf. command. 'Eomombor,' ho said, gontly, 'if ovor you nood a friend my mother will Ijo onp.' ' I shall not forgot.' : 'And if ovor you nro;froo you bavo promised to send mo word. I would como from tho other oncl of tho world gladly.' , -i ' Thoir hands mot. Ha gnzod for ono moment into hor swootigroy-bluo eyes, tho noxt ho wns gono. 'I'hb parting ivas ovor. Alison could hoar his horso's hoofs cantoring down tlxo driyo. Sho was alono; but slio darod not dwoll on tho soono slio bad just gono through. Slio must not pauso to think ovor tho swootnoss of tho lovo that might have boon hors, or tho pain of tho parting that must bo for all timo. Alison had to forco hor mind from tlio thought of Lionol, and try and , form somo plan for hor fuliiro. If Jnmos Ohnpmnn woro to bo n guost at Combo Lorruino, tho roctory wns no longor a safo rofugo for hor. Tho intimacy botwoon tho Sponsors nnd Lord Lorrnino was so groat that ho wns as likely as not to invito tho rootor to dinner to moot Mr. Chapman, and Mr. .Sponsor, tho vory soul of iiospitality, would cortninly bog tho stranger to como nnd soo his rosos and bo introduced to his wifo. Poor Alison! Sho folt liko somo hunted fugitivo. Wns thoro 110 spot whoro sho could bo safo from this mnn whom tho law callod hor hus band ; and what oxouso could sho pos sibly mnko to tlio Sponsors for sud denly leaving thorn ? Suroly it was to-night Mr. Chapman was oxpoctod iliM nn of 1 r» rPlinn fn.ino-lifr. film must tnko llight from tho houso whoro only kindnoss had boon sbown bor. Sho darod not confido in Mrs. Sponsor. Sho know thnt lady boliovod hor bound only by a solomn ongngo- mont, not by mnrringo vows. No ; thoro was only ono tiling for it. Sho must loavo tho rectory, if possible, be fore Mrs. Sponsor roturnod. Sho had ono friond ; ovon in tho agony of .that momont sho romomborod Dobbs ; alio folt cortain tho faithful maid would not turn ngainBt hor in lior hour of nood. Dobbs had not gono into sorvioo ngniii, .Hor Into lady- bad loft lior an nnnuity\nnd sho had roturnod to her native plaoo to livo with hor motkor. Ivy Cottage, Hotkorloy, Eydo ; tlio nddross so'emod; burnt into Alison's brain. Slio had hoard from Dobbs only that vory morning, and tlio good woman hnd hinted protty plainly thnt if hor doar Miss Hopo wns not liappy at tho Itootory, sho should bo proud to tnko hor in, if sho would oondoscond to visit hor protty littlo oottago. Sho would go to Dobbs — that was Alison's only lixod plan ; slio know hor littlo Btoclc of money would last lior sovornl months if tho good woman would lot hor pay for hor board, and- suroly in timo sho would hoar of somo occupation. If sho oould not got a fiihinf.inn nn . fnvnrnnsB or nnmnnninn. sho must try somotlung liumblor ; any way,. it would bo a comfort to fool that thoro was ono familiar faco about hor, and that sho nood not wander about a great city sooking a lodging. Sho would loavo tho rootory at onoo — sho oould sloop in London that night and go on. tho next day to Hothorloy. Hor clothos sho must loavo boliind bor, oxcopt tho fow things alio oould oarry in a bng. Sho wont into tho houso and onllod Mrs. Sponsor's maid. Tolling the girl shodind had bad nows and must loavo at 01100, slip began to pack . a small Gladstone bng. Tlio second post bad como in while Alison was . in tlio gnrdon, and Susan novor doubtod .but that tbo old : postman bad givon Miss Hopo '.tlio 'lottos whioh told of tho nood for hor prosonco. ' ; ' Mistress won't bo homo till noarly six,' said tho girl, good naturodly," f but tho pony ciirriago ban tako you to tho station, Miss Hopo ; I suppose you'll wnut to catch tho fivo o'olook train.' Alison wroto n fow linos to Mrs. Sponsor, full of affootionato- gratitudo, as follows : — . ! I lmvo jiist heard., that a great danger throatoiiH 1110 ; tlio man to osoapo whom I gara up my homo and friends, ovon my nnino, is coming to Nortlishiro. I daro not. moot him, and so I am going away. I liavo told tho ser vants I liavo hnd had nows. As soon as over I onn 1 will write nnd toll you whoro Iant.N Dear Airs. Spcncor don't think mo ungrateful for your kindness, I shall roinombor it all iliy life. Hoavon bloss you for your goodnoss to your unlinppy A. Tho pony onrringo was at tho door by tlio timo Alison wns ready. It had boon so hurriod, so terribly Buddon, that until slio was at tho railway station and bad actually takon bor ticlcot for London, sho did not realise that slio was onco moro n fugitivo. From tho momont of -hor leaving hnd boon, sho had novor had to think or act for horsolf ; Lady Hothorton had decidod all things for hor -protegee,' as though tho girl hnd boon hor (laughter.; Beoolicroft had no sooner boon olosod to lior than tho ltoctory oponod its hospitable doors. Alison had boon spnrod nil thought for daily food, for littlo overy-day com forts ; bIio had novor tnkon a jouvnoy nlono sinco that ovontful ono on hor woddiog-day, whon sho travelled third- olnss from llugby to Coventry. . Sho had bom with tho Sponsors so ofton to tho littlo locnl Btation that tho officials know hor woll, nnd a porter found bor a soiit in the ladios' compnrt- mont, observing in a rathor surprisod tono it ' would bo nast olevon boforo tbo train got to London.' Alison gnvo liim a littlo gratuity,, as I10 placod bor bag in tho rack ovor lior bond, nnd bo thanked hor; but alio Jolt tho simple countryinnn was sur prisod at lior long, lonoly jouvnoy, aud sho flushed orimsou.ns sho romomborod that hor whole lifo might bo full of such suddou flittiugs. ' Sho had put on a quiot black cos- tumo hiddon by a long dark cloak, her protty blaolc lint Blinding her swoot, sad faoo ; but thoro wns no 0110 in tbo onrringo to liavo watobod bor ; oithor no liidios travelled nlouo by this train, or thoy did not caro to tako advnntngo of tho compartmont rosorvod fortliom. Alison had it entiroly to horsolf, nnd sho folt thankful; tho kindest attempt to talk to hor would havo boon torturo to hor in tho over strained stnto of hor norvos. Sho just leant bnclc in lior corner and wished that tho train would go on and on, that sho nood novor nialro frosk plana or now docisious. . Sho wont straight to tho Groat Northom Hotel at Kiug'a Cross, and if tho nont chainbormaid who showed hor to a bedroom folt surpriso nt so young a lady travolling alono, sho did not show it, but mado no difficulty about providing hor with a littlo ro- froahmont upstairs ; only Alison found whon it was brought that sho had no nppofito. Sho swallowed n glass of wino, but oould not touch tho sand wiches, and lookod altogether so whito and wonry, that tho good-naturod at tendant folt quito sorry. Loft alono, Alison lookod tho door and sank down into nn onsy ohnir. Sho wns fooling now tho ronotion after tlio torriblo strain of tho laBt fow hours. Sho had had to rofuso a lovo sho prizod doaror than hor lifo ; ' had boon forood to loavo tho f rionds-. who had boon kind to hor almost 'liko. 'a tliiof ; sho was now alone in tho vast wildornoss of London, nnd to-morrow sho would havo to tako up ugain tho burdon sbo found so hoavy. It was littlo wondor that lior heart sank within lior, and hor heavy brain was too troublod to lot bor sloop. Even whon sho had mochanioally undrossod II nvnnl r nurl Imvi 1) nil 4-Jnn/l linn /I nn fliA pillow, sho could not sloop. It wns an awful night. Tho noise of tlio laBt train had hardly consod bo foro that of tho arrival of tbo slow, early morning ones bogan. Alison novor olosod hor oyos. Sho seomad to livo through an otornity in those eight weary hours, and in thorn sho mapped out her futuro. Sho would go to Hethorly and find out Dobbs. Sho would accept tho kind old sorvant's hospitality, but not as a young lady guost. Dobbs must prosont bor to lior friends as a Into follow-sorvnnt, and try to obtain for hor a situation in somo good family. Alison doarly lovod littlo children ; suroly in somo uursory oho could hide horsolf from hor hushnnd. Gov- ornossos nvo forcod somotimos to soo tlio family guests, nursos raroly moot, anyone boyond tho mothers of thoir oluirgos and tho nursos of other chil dren. It was worth trying, at any' rato. Sho had told tho ohamhormaid to call hor oarly, and boggod that break fast might bo brought to lior upstairs. It was a littlo aftor nino that hor bill paid, and hor sojourn at tho botol ovor, sho got into a cab and told tho ? driver ' to tako hor to "Waterloo station. Sho lmd not written to Dobbs to warn lior of hor coming. Alison felt Biiro of awoloomo. Slio had forgotten to look at a timo- table, and when' olio roacliod Waterloo discovorod sho had moro tbannnhourto wait. Sbosatdown on one of tho platform bonohos, one hand raised half to. shado hor oydsx- from tho glare of tlio summer suu)v half to sootho tlio throbbing of her aching bond. r It was a bustling soono. Somo notod races woro on- that wook. This; was tho grand (lay, and hundreds of people woro flocking to tho spot by tlio South- Wostern ' railway. It soomed to Ali son sho had novor soon suoh a orowd of woll-drossod pooplo ; but horo and thoro among tho throng sho cnuglit sight of some whom business and nbt ploasui'o wore taking to the gay soono. Tho botting-mon, tlio book-makors, tho professional touts, all passod bo foro hor oyos ns sho sat thoro wnit- ,ing. Moro than ono porson turned to look a socond time nt tho palo, beautiful girl who Boomod to havo so littlo in oommon with tho bustlo that wont o'n arouud hor. Moro than one wondered what sho was doing thoro and for whom sho wnB waiting so patiently. : Timo passed.- At last tho tiokot window wns opened, and Alison could got hor "first singlo " to Itydo ; ex travagant porhaps, but sho was fooling so ill and shakon that tho prosonco of thq crowd roally frightonod hor. 9ho. oould -not toll if thoy wore all going in tho direction of Hyde; sho only folt that if she had to push and fight her way for a place, she would certainly bo "loft boliind ; first class thoro would suroly bo inoro rooni than third.. ' Tho train's up how, miss,' said a porter, civilly, in answer, to hor ques tion. ' Through tlint goto .'opposite/ Sho gavo ' a sigh of roliof - as slio noticod that this was not tho direction tnkon by tho crowd. Whatever lit- «nnfi'nn linil /Inftitm on m nnv inni\ln together did not evidently lie on tho road to Southampton'. Sho found tho train almost ompty, and opoodily settled horsolf in an unoccupied oar- ringo. Poor girl, sho would not liavo- folt so sooui'o had sho known tho onglo oyos which had boon ' wntohing lior over since she took hor tiokot, and whoso owner quietly stopped into tlio compartmont noxt boliind hor. James Ohapmnn wns duo at Oombo Lorraine tho following day. Ho had intoudod to onjoy a day at tho racos, and had roaohod Waterloo oarly. for that purpose ; but the first sight that met him wns his wife's face, and ho at onco changed all his plans. Ho had not soon hor since thoir woddine-dnv. Thoro had boon times lately whon ho had boon ready, to bo- 'liovo sbo must bo doad. Tho sight of hor nwoko ovory ovil fooling of hio nature. Sho was tlio only creaturo who had ovor mauagod to outwit him.- Ho had sworn to be rovongod on bor, and bo was not likoly to break liis; onth. Jamos. Ohapmnn fully dosorvod ovory doubt Diolc .Oarow had had of. him ; ho was bad to tho vory ooro. Whothor tho taint in his blood, bis doscont from a balf-snvago colourod woman, bad wnrpod bis naturo, no ono oould toll, but from a child ho had boon cruol and trenchorous. Ho hnd botrayod ovoryono who had trusted him, nnd wlion tho organist of Oak- liompstoad, throatonod by disonso, told bis story to tbo lawyer, thinking lio soomod a trusty, able friend and advisor for his childron, Jamos (Jliap- mnn was only thinking bow ho could turn tho matter to his own ndvnntngo. Tho Earl of Lorrnino had mado 0110 torriblo mistake in Booking his hoir ; yot ho was hardly to bo blamod for it, giuco tho dotootivo ho omployod foil into tho snmo error. His linlf-brothor wns last hoard of in London living with his wifo and baby boy in poverty- stricken lodgings and "looking liko doath." A fow wooks lator a notioo npponrod in tho Timos of Goorgo Daro's (loath. Tho Earl and tho dotootivo both oupposod this Goorgo Daro to bo tbo former's half- brother, instead of whioh it was his infant son. Goorgo Hilton Daro, poor as ho was, had his child's death put in tho paper, hoping against hopo that his half-brothor would soo it and rolont towards liiin. fTo be continncd.J 