LOCAL AND GENERAL ITEMS. Thore is strong local anitation fortho ro sumption of the Bulli Paso by the State for a national rocreation reservo. The Earl of Jersey will be the lBritish dologatoto the federal Coneorence at Ottawa next month. Mr. D. L. Dymock left Kiama on Mon day on a business visit to Qseonslaud, which will extend over some 10 days. Latestropoit of Messrs. Cosy and Co., London, produce merchants :-" Now South Wales butters are nearly all of very poor quality and almost unsaleablo." The winner of the amateur handicap at Carcoar on Queen's Birthday was Mr. W. Moore, son of Mr. J. T. Moore, of the Brighton Hotel, Kiama. Major-Genoral Hutton has forbidden the officers and men of the military forces in terviewing any Minister or Under- Secre tary without his consent. Dairy farm, 320 acres, " six miles from Nowra, with all necessary improvements," is advertised in the Syduey papers for sale by Hardie and Gorman. At Apia it is believed that Samoa is on the eve of a continuation of the war. There being three warships in the harbour, the foreign residents feel comparatively safe. Mr. John Fredericks, late manager of Waratah factory, East Kaugaloon, has re ceived a similar appointment at Barren garry. Superintendent Bear informed the Premier on Friday that there was nothing to beat the old system of pumping water for fire brigade purposes. Miss Sutherland O'Shannessy's grand vocal and instrumental entertainment takes place in the Oddeollows' Hall next Satur day evening. A musical treat is in store for those who attend. Those of our readers who take a special interest in fiction are referred to a thrilling story which commenced in last Saturday's supplement of this journal, entitled "The Doctor's Stepdaughters," by 0. Stafford. It is reported that Patrick Tynan (" Number One"), the head 'centre of the Irish Invincibles, intends to reveal the con nection of the Parnellites with the Phoenix Park murders. A half-day parade of the Kiama Volun teer Company has been called for Saturday next, June t2d, at 2 p.m., and the mem bors are invited by the commanding officer to appear in thoroughly good order. Mr. Murphy's bill, providing that pilot ago exemption should not beo granted, ex cept to British ships engaged in theinter colonial, coastal, and Polyounesian trade, passed sts committee stages in thoAssembly on Tuesday. The Anglican church at Shellharbour, erected in 1855 (says an exchange) has been taken down. A handsome new church has been erected; and as the old building inter cepted the view of the now building, and was not fit for Sunday school purposes, it was resolved at last Easter meeting to have the building removed. Tom Walker, M.L.A., says that the statute under which Montgomery and Wil liams were sentenced to death was r'esLed through Parliament at a time when Sir Henry Parkes thought that all the Feniane inthe world were collected around ith Kiama ghost. [Tom evidently forgets that the Etatute referred to has sinco been handled by Parliament.] It is reported that a rich lode of copper pyrites has been discovered on the Shoalhaven, near Bungonia. The lode is 8ft. wide, and assayed 16 per cent of metallic copper, lOdwt. 8gr, of gold, and 7eoz., of silver per ton. The property is in the hands of a Goulburn syndicate. The discovery was made at a depth of 48ft. -Cbloniet. The ladies of Beriy, with Mrs. Ewing as secretary (says the Nowra Colonist) gave a most enjoyable dance in the School of Arts hall on Friday evening last. There were some 10) ladies and gentlemen present, including vi-itors from Nowra, Kangaroo Valley, Oerringong, Kiama, Wollongong, and Sydlny. All arrange. ments for the affair wete excellent, the dance proving the most successful given in the district for years past. William Thomas Clark, farmer, of Kan garoo Mount, has sequestrated his estate. Upon petition by the Commercial Banking Company of Sydney, an order has been made for sequestration of the estate of Samuel Cushman Huxley, farmer, Kan garoo Valley ; act of bankruptoy, April 20\. An account showing a debit balance in the estate of Thomas Henry Lees, of Foaground, is now filed at the Registrar's office in Sydney. Mr. Edward Cornish, produce agent, Sydney, writes to Mr. J. Nelson, of Jam. beroo, stating that some fine gold has been found in the stomach of some ducks con signed to him by Mr. Nelson. and the person to whom the ducks were sold desires to be acquainted of the locality from which they were procured, as he believes the crook to which they had access abounds with gold. We learn that the ducks were procured from a farm at " Ourramore," Jamberoo. In speaking to the toast of "Municipal Institutions," at'the late banquet to ox AldermanlRaison, atAlbion Park, Alderman Armstrong expressed himself in favor of their Council borrowing a thousand or two for permanent road improvements. He thought they might as well place them celves on an equality in that respect with their neighhours, as in the event of a Local Government enactment constituting one niunicipal district, bor shire, of those parts they woult have some burden of debt to give in return for that of their neighbours. -Argue. Mr. W. C. Yell, who for some years past has held the license of the Royal Hotel, Shellharbour, is shortly to assume occupa tion of the Grand Hotel, Kiama, his suc cessor at Shellharbour being Mr. George Lewis, late of Narrandera. Both gentlemen were the recipients of complimentary remarks from the Kiama Licensing Bench on Tuesday, when the transfer of the licenses were applied for. Senior Sergeant Brayne (Licencing Inspector) stated that, the Narrandera police gave Mr. Lewis an excellent character, stating that he kept a good licensed house at that place for many years, and was a man well adapted for the business. Mr. Lewis also handed in a re commendation from the Police Magistrate at Narrandera, which was equally eulogistic. The Bench considered these letters very satisfactory, and granted the application without hesitation. Senior Sergeant Brayne said he was pleased to know that a man like Mr. Lewis was coming amongst them. and he was likewise glad that Mr. Yell was not leaving the district, having taken the Grand Hotel. Mr. Cameron (one of the Bench) said the reports of the Licensing Inspector in regard to Mr. Yell's premises had always been of a first cleas character, and he trusted Mr. Lewis would likewise keep up the dignity of Shellhar bour. -iVo'aro in receipt of two vory excellont publicationso from America, entitlod ' Tfooilo Sat trday Night.' and " Canadi:,n nmnual for 18.4." The former contains a lumber of completoe Obristmans toins., vory tersenl w ilto t, and highly inteor.-ting to :oung folks in partiular. The latter in entirely devoted to artisti: illui. rations, stories, humour, statistics, and valuable information, and should prove a valuable ad;i ion to every home. The Sheppard Publishing Company f 'Toronto, by whom these anr.nn s woro printed and publish, d, are entitled to a word of praise for the arlistio mannor in which the illuslratioes havo boon arranged and the prolusion of interesting reading within the covers. We (Cowtra. Guardian) are pleasdd to be able to roelate that hmfr. W. fo.o, assistant at tho Cowra post and Telegraph office, has boon promoted to Coolaman, noar Nerrandera, where he takes charge of the post and telegraph office. During the time Mr. Moore has been in ltowra, he htsmade many friends, both in his official and pri vate capocities. In his otli,.ial pesitiou he was at all times courteous and attentive. and in his private department he is a young gentleman who not fall to impress one with the geniality of his temperament andt manliness of his disposition. M1r Moore hs held the secmetaryehip of: the'. Forrester Soototy for the past two years, and a peti tion signed by the leading inhabitanti hi. been forwarded to the PostunasterGao0eral, asking that he be allowed to remain hero until after let June, in order that his services may be obtainable in connection with ia meeting of the tdlegatos. fronm various pirts obf. the oelony, to be held at Cowra next month. We learn that this application has heon granted. Mr Moore, iwho has held the office of Secre'ary for the past two years in the local lodge of- Forresters, as the recipient of the good wishes of thebrethien on his relielquiehing office, and arrange ments have been made to present him with a testimonial [fMr, Moore is the eldest son of Mr. J, T Mnroe, of the Brighton Hotel, Kiainma. an-i th position which he has attained she lid be congratulatory to his parents mind fminily.-Ed. K.I. 