THE SKETCHER Rockhampton Revisited.—II. BY AN ODDFELLOW A VISIT TO LAKE'S CREEK. A BANQUET, A BALL, A SUPPER, AND WHAT CAME OF THEM. Amongst other treats prepared for the visiting delegates by the Reception Committee of the Rockhampton Odd fellows was a visit to Lake's Creek. Our inspection of the works proved highly interesting, but even now I certainly feel slightly mixed up when I think of it. The fact is, for several days and nights our various entertainments were so crowded one upon another that it proved too much bliss even for an Oddfellow. A visit to Lake's Creek after a banquet, a ball, a concert, a supper, and bed at 2 a.m. is a near approach to dissipation, and tends to bad dreams. Nevertheless I shall endeavour to give some of my impressions of that wonderful hive of industry, the Lake's Creek Meat Preserving and Freezing Works. First, there are no idle men on the premises; they have no time to be idle, each department having to keep going at top speed to keep the next supplied with material. There is no Government stroke; the height of proficiency and skill seems to have been attained, while the rapidity and precision of the operators in every branch of the business seems perfectly marvel- lous. From where the live cattle are yarded to where the tins are finally packed for export both men and machinery seem to work as if connected by some powerful electric current that controls their movements with clockwork regularity. Commencing with the killing pen, where some seven or eight bullocks were enclosed, we watched the operator, who stood on a few boards placed at intervals across the top of the pen above the cattle. He was armed with a light pole, on the end of which was fixed a sharp, chisel-pointed spike. One thrust down- wards with this simple but effective weapon a few inches behind the horns and down dropped a bullock, killed instantly. As quickly as you could write it down the whole pen are served in a similar manner. There is nothing repulsive or horrifying in this spectacle; no blood hardly is visible, and it is a painless death, for even if the first blow fails to kill instantly it almost invariably stuns the beast and renders him senseless to all pain. A far more horrifying sight is the shambles ad- joining, to which the "pithed" cattle, with severed throats pouring forth streams of blood, are dragged and hoisted on the running gallows. Here a score or more of men and boys, be- spattered with blood and grease from top to toe, were skinning and disembowelling the cattle, or dragging the entrails off and running the fat from them. Boys were busy dashing water over the ensanguined floor, and the blood and water seemed to ebb and flow like the tide. The cattle were skinned and dressed in a very few minutes, many hands making light work. Each man knows his duty. The keen knife runs round and the hide falls off the beast as quickly as one would take off a wet overcoat. Another operator with a few skilful strokes severs the gory head from the rest of the carcass. Another has whipped out the entrails by this time, then the saw divides the bullock in halves, and up it goes and away on the slides it is run to the gallows trucks, and thence to the cooling sheds. But horrible as the ap- pearance of this slaughter-house undoubtedly is, with blood, entrails, and filth all around, the meat itself is kept scrupulously clean; the hands of the operators never even touch it, and as the hide is stripped off and the entrails are taken away, the carcass is hoisted clear of the floor, free from every speck of dirt. We, however, left the shambles and followed our carcasses to the cooling sheds without regret. Here large galvanised iron fans were revolving rapidly, causing a brisk draught that quickly reduced the animal heat. This shed, I should think, contained several hundred sides of beef, all hung in long rows. Adjoining the cooling shed is the cutting-up room, where the sides are divided into quarters; some to be frozen, others to be still further cut up for the preserving process. Leaving the cutting-up department we next visited the engine sheds and refrigerating machinery. Here some dozen or more great powerful engines were running almost noise- lessly, controlled by three or four men only. As we looked at the flying wheels, rods, and pistons performing their allotted tasks with precision and velocity we were lost in con- templation on the enormous brain power it must have taken to bring all that pulsating machinery into its present state of perfection. Thought on thought, mind on mind, how many clever heads and busy brains from the time of George Stephenson to the present day were here seemingly embodied and alive in the great throbbing engines before us! Heads and brains long since dead and cold and still— crumbled to dust—yet their great thoughts living on immortal as their souls in the rushing steam and the driving pistons before us. From the machinery, our minds still dwelling on the marvellous advances made in the arts and sciences, we passed into the tinning department, and here the train of thought was still the same. In this department not only were we struck by the results of man's ingenuity and inventive genius but his manual dexterity, the exemplification of the old proverb "Practice makes perfect." We had entered a veritable hive of bees, or rather magicians; for it seemed like magic to watch the plain squares of tin growing in a twinkling beneath dexterous fingers, and, aided by numerous mechanical con- trivances, into tins of all varieties of shape and size. Some thirty men were ranged along the building, each with his little forge glowing beside him to heat the soldering irons. As if by clockwork, very fast clockwork too, without a pause, the endless line of tins passes through the hands of each operator. One bends the tin into the required shape in a little machine made for the purpose, out pops the glowing iron and runs along the joint, the liquid stream of gleaming solder following and instantly solidifying, thus cementing the joined ends. The operation takes but a second, and the tins fall into a basket at intervals like the ticking of a clock. At the next bench the bottom is soldered on the half-finished tin by dipping it in a curious little wheel-like reservoir of glowing fluid solder. Machines are at work cutting and punching the tins, lids, sides, and bottoms, some round, some square, some sugar- loaf shaped for the ox tongues, others almost pyramidal in shape, but all turned out without a hitch or a pause, men and machinery working with the utmost speed and regularity. Watch- ing the busy hive one's own fingers itch to be at work, one feels so like a very drone amongst them. There is a kind of magnetism about that says you must work or move on; there is no room for idlers here, so on we went. In the next department the tins were being filled with beef ready to be cooked on numerous stoves. All was cleanly, nothing offensive, although there was, of course, an overpowering smell of cooking going on. We had never had a chance to be hungry since we came to Rock- hampton or the savoury smell of roast meats would have been more appreciated. On we moved into the series of rooms where the tins of meat were cooling off, being soldered up, then painted and labelled, and finally packed for export. Having witnessed the process of tinning and meat preserving we now had to inspect the freezing rooms. Accordingly we retraced our steps to where the divided carcasses of the beeves were being cooled by the huge iron fans. Then we were brought to a heavy door that looked like that of the castle of Giant Despair, and we thought of the words "Abandon hope, all ye that enter here." Our guide, with his bunch of keys and a candle, clothed with a shaggy overcoat, might pass for the gaoler of some Siberian prison. The door opened and admitted us one by one into a long, narrow, low-roofed chamber, built of huge slabs of sawn timber, that reminded us unpleasantly of the old prison ship Success. The air was sharp and cool, yet not cold. The beef was all hung in quarters and had a good firm "feel," the animal heat being nearly all out of it. Reaching the far end we entered through another massive door a still more prison-like chamber. Our breath came from us like steam; there was a perceptible decrease in the temperature, but not so much as one would expect, for now we were in the region of snow. Thin powdery snow was all about us. The quarters of beef hung in long rows from the ceiling, reaching nearly to the floor. They were hard and firm to the touch, and we could make no impression on them. We traversed this chamber and entered a still colder one, and were now in the region of hoar frost. Here were snow and ice mixed, piles of it, and it sparkled like some lovely natural cavern as the candles lighted it up. The gaol-like boarded sides of the chamber were covered by the mantle of sleet, half snow, half ice; while the wallplates were hung with icicles. But notwithstanding its beauty we felt a creepy, creepy sensation somehow in this chamber, for all those quarters of beef were draped in calico coverings that looked like shrouds, which gave them a most uncanny appearance. The frozen mummy quarters were as hard as stone, and were nearly ready for shipment. Now the cold began to strike us; noses and fingers were feeling nipped as we followed the guide into still another chamber. This was within the antarctic circle, the region of perpetual ice, and there stretched away more long rows of sheeted mummies. The floors and walls were slippery with ice, the shrouded quarters felt like young icebergs as we laid our hands upon them. It was a weird and curious sight, and, leaving the rest of the party, I pressed farther into the chamber, entering the darkness beyond away from the ray of the guide's candle. Lost in thought I remained for a moment or two, then suddenly the chamber was plunged in total darkness, and I heard the smothered slam as the guide closed the door. Concluding that this was merely a prac- tical joke of my comrades, and that they would return in a few minutes, I was not much disturbed, but rather enjoyed being alone to give the rein to my imagination in that frozen region of total darkness. I sat down to meditate in a more comfortable position. How long I remained in this condition I know not, but when I came to the first thing that struck me was the darkness; it was nether gloom, while my toes and fingers and nose were becoming numbed, and the whole body felt chilled. Shuddering at the thought that probably a brief half-hour would be sufficient to freeze the life out of one in that awesome chamber I groped my way till I reached the wall. Knocking against the icy quarters of beef I worked my way along till I reached the door, and crouching down I hugged myself together to keep warm. I began to feel a little angry with my friends; they were carrying the joke too far. I shouted and bawled for them to open the door, but my voice seemed smothered in that low-roofed chamber, while from the far end came the shadow of an echo—an echo's ghost, the only response to my calls. Now I grew seriously frightened; it was quite possible I may have been left shut up by accident and not design, and amongst so many it might be some time before I should be missed, especially as Charlie E—— was with them, the most garrulous Oddfellow in all broad Australia. He would yarn and yarn away while I was being frozen stiff as one of the quarters of bullocks beside one before he gave any one a chance to think of me. Gradually horror and despair took possession of me as the cold penetrated my thin clothing and chilled my very bones. I sprang up, yelling and shouting, while I beat upon that ice-bound door in vain. Soon my extremities lost all feeling; slowly I was being frozen to death. I could not even keep myself in motion; the circulation of my blood would soon cease; I was doomed. A stupor stole over me, then I grew delirious. I fancied a pale blue phosphorescent light illumined the chamber; those ghostly sheeted mummies one by one came down from their hooks and, pairing off two by two, ranged themselves round the chamber. Then the strains of the Grand March came to my ears, and I turned to behold the skeleton of an old bullock sitting up beside me and scraping away at a violin. Then those frozen quarters of beef stumped solemnly round the chamber, keeping time to the ghostly music. Suddenly the old bullock struck up the Separation Waltz, and the sheeted mummies whirled madly round and round the icy ballroom. The music stopped, once more the frozen quarters ranged them- selves along the walls, there was a crunching sound; it was the stroke of the pith; I could hear the bullocks fall one after another. Then out from every side between the frozen quarters came a number of bullocks' heads, all nearly severed from their bodies, the blood dripping on the white floor. With lolling tongues and glaring eyeballs the dreadful heads advanced upon me, slowly at first, then with a mad rush, and with lowered horns. I saw the determined glint in each bullock's eye that I knew of old meant mischief. One old bullock was in the lead, with a savage bellow he charged; shrieking I turned to the wall and felt the bullock's sharp horn enter my side. Then with a terrified yell I sprang upwards. The light of a candle was shining in my eyes, I was sitting on the floor of the freezing room, with my friends chattering round me, but I still felt that bullock's sharp horn sticking in my ribs. I put my hand round and pulled out of my flesh about an inch of the curly end of a corkscrew. "Wake up!" shouted one of my comrades, and then I knew 'twas but a dream. A visit to Lake's Creek after a banquet, a ball, a concert, and a supper, and bed at 2 a.m., as I said before, nearly approaches dissipation and tends to bad dreams. 