SUIVIKAY SCIBOOE, WCK5C. The annual picnic in connection with the Corryong Church of .England Sunday School was held on Friday last. The spot chosen as tlio scene for the days festivities is situate at the rear of the Court House Hotel. The children, under the conductorship of their pastor, the Rev. If.. M. Warry, at ten o’clock in the morning marched through the township and to the picnic ground. The children, who carried numerous banners of bunting, withinscriptious, mottoes, etc., printed thereon, sang several choruses during the march. The waving banners, neatly dressed children, with their merry, happy voices, were a sight and a sound of a more than ordinarily pleasing character. The “ youngsters,” as “ youngsters ” invariably do at such gatherings—enjoyed themselves to the uttermost during the day, and the racing, jumping, skipping, and other athletic feats for which prizes were given caused some excitement among them. The Rev. Mr Warry is a great favorite with the children—as, indeed, he is in all classes throughout his circuit—and he was untiring in his endeavors to keep up the interest in games, etc., indulged in by his little Hock. Among others we noticed Mesdames Houston, Mackay, and Greenhill, and the Misses Crown and Wheeler, who did valiant service in attending to the wants of both children and grown up folk, and altogether the picnic of 1894 passed off most success fully. In the evening the children again “lined up,” and marched to the. Athenanim Hall where a CONCERT was held, the programme consisting largely of choruses, songs, duets, re citations and dialogues by the children, who performed in such a manner as to reflect great credit upon their teachers. The Rev. Mr Warry and Miss Crown, wo are informed, were the principal trainers of. the young people in the preparation for the con cert, and they are deserving of a special word of praise. We are not acquainted with all the ladies and geutlemen who assisted in perfecting arrangements the for picnic and con cert, and if we have, through want of knowledge, neglected to mention any names of ladies and gentlemen who are entitled to an encomium from our lien, wo trust they will take the will for the deed. The programme is given below, and amongst the adult perfor mers the numbers of Mr and Mrs Mackay, Mrs .las. Harris, and Mr McDonough are worthy of special mention. Mr Mackay has a strong and pleasing voice, whilst Sirs Mackay possesses vocal gifts of a more than ordinary character. Mrs Harris’s voice is also sweet and musical, and her number was deservedly well re ceived. Mr McDonough is an old favorite, and ho lost none of his laurels in the singing of “ The Skippers’ Flag ” :— Part 1—G lee, “ Love your Enemies,” j Children ; recitation, “ Careful Mes- | senger,” Master G. Robinson; song, “Jessie’s Dream,” Miss E. Heath; duet, “ Home to our Mountains,” Mr and Mrs Mackay ; sacred chorus, “We’ll Crown Them with Roses,” Children ; song, “ Little Nell,” Miss J. Simpson ; dialogue, “ Water Melon Pickle,” Miss S. Robinson and Master C. Lukins ; recitation, “ The Editor’s Guests,” Mr Parnaby ; glee, “ Along the River,” Children. Part 2—Glee, j “ Happy Home,” Children ; recitation, | “ Don Squixet’s Ghost,” Mr Brown; duet, “ Vacant chair,” Miss Maud and Lily Davis ; recitation, “ Faithful Rover,” Miss Emma Hawkins: song, “ The Song for Me,” Mrs Jas. Harris ; glee, “ Fox and the Grapes,” Children; song, “ The Skipper’s Flag,” Mr McDonough ; dialogue, “ Counting Eggs,” Misses Emily Heath and Alice Robinson ; address, Mr Miller ; recita- j tion, “ The Golden Keys,” Master Jas. Hamilton ; glee, “ Good Night,” Children. The Rev. II. M. Warry officiated as chairman, and at the close of the programme called on the Rev. Mr Miller, who in a few well chosen words proposed the usual votes of thanks, which were carried by ac clamation. 