KENNEL GOSSIP. By Plinlimmon. The Stud Book farmed tho topio of an ani mated disoussion at the general mooting of the Viotorian Ponltry and Dog Society held last woek, for the purpose of informing members as to the financial results of tbe late show. Mr. Beilby introduced the topio by mentioning that he had received a letter from the president — who was absent from the meeting through ill ness— stating that that gentleman was of opinion that tho work should be undertaken at onoe, if our system of breeding dogs was not to descend | to mongrelism. Tho speaker said his object in ! laying tho subject before the meeting was that some expression of opinion should ! bo given in order to strengthen the hands | of the eommittee in undertaking the work. It had been estimated that, oven if the olerieal | work was done by volunteers, the eost of print ing would aome to about £70. The specialist olubs would, no doubt, compile their own sections and hand thorn to tho aommittce. He oould guarantee that tho Southern Fox Terrlor Olub would do so, as its copy was already pre pared. He would like to hoar the opinions of other members. Mr. S. S. Cameron said that tho St. Bernard, Mastiff and New foundland Olub had its material ready, and had already offered it to tho parent society, A number of memberd afterwards spoko, all of whom wsre in favor of tho immediate publioation of .the Stud Book, though not altogether unanimous as to the best methods of - carrying out the work. Then there was the point whether the book should simply bo n Viotorian one or inolude all Australia. Ono Bpeaker was very strong on "oompetontsapervision," whatever that meant. It is unfortunate that, owing to the reading of the rules, no definite motion oould be oarried, but no doubt the unanimous opinion of the meeting will aause the aommittea to take the matter in hand at an early date. Tho mem bers will probably have another opportunity of expressing their ideas as to details. Daring the course of the meeting a suggestion was mado that in future all dogs entered in limit classes should be weighed before being judged, whioh elioitsd ths information that the committee had decided on this step. Changes of routine arising out of iuoidents in conneotion with past shows should cortninly have mora publioity than they obtain at present. This partioular innovation must be bailed with satis faotion by exhibitors in ths limit classes, as it will prevont much biokering and do away with protests being entered on the scare of errors in weight. The following resolution has been pasiod by the Kennel Olub of Now South Wales " That tho Kennel Olub hold two meetings for oompo- tition during tho year 1895, ono in -tho autumn, about the end of Marah or tbe beginning of April, and the other in tho spring, at the ond of September or the beginning of Oetobor, and that steps be takon with a view to holding ono of suoh shows in conneotion with or at tbe show of the Royal Agricultural Sooioty of New South Wales and that a copy of tlio foregoing resolution bo forwarded to tho club's representa tive in Victoria." Tho Kennol Club of Now South Walos has deoided to offer a reward of £25 to any person giving suoh ovidonca'ns will lead to the oonvio- tion of tho person or persons who poisoned Mr. Steana's Bull Terrier Warwick Count at tho luto Sydney show, and it wss also deoidod to apply to the Now South Wales Poultry and Dog Sooisty to vote a similar sum for the same pur pose. For literary aorobatism commend me to " Ajax's partioular friend." He certainly beats all reoords in this espeoinl line. I had oeoasion last week to draw, attention to one of his little fnnnyisms, in whioh he wrote : — " Wonders will nover oease. E. O. Mills won tho two seoonds at Hobart with Tasman Pride, by Ajax, andW. H. Ward aotually sooted third with Boy, by Ajax. Great Crease's ghost 1" As I thon stated, Jlr. Mills s son had brought him to book.and he had eaten his leek in the most abject manner. Some other correspondent— possibly Mr. W. H. Ward-has since b.en writing to him on the subject, and on this occa sion ho not only swallows the look, but aotually eats Iris own words. This is his reply to his correspondent!-" Collie, Hobsrt.— You have made a. mistake. ..We nover qnostionod tha breeding of Ajax as a sire, he has all tho blooil that is needed to got good sfook. It is only as a show dog that he oam# under our notloe. His tiin li"8 70"1.1 E;SIand. and his breeding won m 'M . ih nt tlis Hobart show, viz.: Mr. E; O. n£atT?,n \PVae' , T1,i' 'a"01" was seoond to ono of the best dogs of the year, and under a iil Sfi ?" HtJW ray v«-atito friend can reoouoils the two paragraphs pusses my compro honsion. What Ajax's qualifications as a show dog have to do with iris first paragraph is an enigma. I ho faot is that his remarks on Ajax have so long been treated with contempt by those who know tlio dog that he thought ho oould vilify him and his progsny with impunity. He has been ran to oarth, and trios any loon- hole to escape. He should aultivato a bettor momory before he taokles his favorlto Bubjeot again. !? rumored that a mooting to form a Collie Club is to be hold this (Saturday) evening at tho Vienna Oafo. So far I have not beon favored with particulars. i Bohortson's imported Irish Terrier bitoh Lady Murray has whelped four puppies- three dogs and one bitch— to tho Viotorian Ambassador. Addy'a , Airedale Terrier bitoh Mentino Wattle am wbelped so van puppioa— firo dogs ana two' biteliei — to his imported doss Rino master." - " r ?\ Oonneirs imported Mastiff bitoh Lady Gerua lifts wh'olpcd two' puppiss— ono o£ eaoh sex— to his dog Tirrita Lfttia, by Champion Socrates — Ohampion ZooTI. 'orria,B Airedale Terrier bitoh Stam ford Grip has beon on a risit to Mr. Addy'i Ringmaster. Mr. G. Fethers's Fox Terrier bitch Aorisiono has whelped six puppies to Mr. Beilby Champion Melbourne Jack Frost. Mr. Tomlin has lmd tho misfortune to loso by death the litter of black Newfoundland puppies by Champion Jack Tar — Prairie Flower. He haB the sympathy of all fanoiorB, as he has been to very considerable-expense in conneotion with this boAutifuh breed of dogs, and muoh of the return is -yet to come. Mr. W. Beilby has also been unfortunate in losing a. Collie puppy by Champion Laird of Shombourne-rTarwin Dolphin. 