Musical Matters. . Fra -Mathilda Linden, tho Swedish .singor, reeoived not long ago from'tlio King.of Swoaen tho medal of Lltoris ot Artibus .for her einging in '/ Orphous." ."/' Mmo. YVilliolmina Ncrado-Hallo will, ao- cording to present arrangements, visit/Swodenj wlioro she has soino of lior greatest admirera, in tlio course of tho spring. ' - Mmo. do Vcro-Sapio, who- reoontly sang in Loiidon with so muoh. success, lias aocepted a luorattve engagement for an oxtendod tour in. Australia, Tasmania, and Now Zoalend, and wiU'rotum to England in Ootohor to fulfil liar engagements. Tho . Queen says 'that quito a sensation wns reoontly . oroatcd by . Mmo./ Sofio Mohtor, in Borliii, St. Potorshurg,' and Moscow; / by hor performance of . tho solo- part, in a fantasia for liauoforto and orohestra, composed by tho late. Peter Tsdinikowsky.' Both: in- this, as also In a fantasio on Hungarian gipsy melodies, com posed - by horself, and admirably soored by Tsohaikownlcy, she appoars to havo worked up her audiences 'to 1111 exceptional degreo of. enthusiasm, and to . lmvo evoked ovation upon ovation. Many porsons wiU.hear with regret that Mr. F. Niohois Creuoh, the composer of < Kathleen Mavbiimeen,"- is stiU in a destitute condition in Baltimore, U;i3. A., and ho is now in his 8Gth year, 'and partly , blind, has little hope of ro- Ueving his necessities by Ids own industry. In writing to a friend in England he suys ho foolisluy gave. up his position In . London to establish Italian opora in - America with Max Maratzok in 1849. This was a failure, and since that tiino ho has faced fortuno in various parts of Amoricu. . ' '"A'OKinii'ihan; lately returned from a trip to Enrepo, tteated his countrymcn to the follow ing description of tho piano : " Tlio Eurepeuns kcop a largo four-loggod beast wliioh thoy can mako to' sing . at ' wiU. / A man, or more fre quently ' a 'woman, or oven a f eehlo girl, sjts down in front of tho anhiial iind steps on its tail,' whilo . at the Snmo timo striking ite white ieotii with his or ' hoi' fingers, when tbo orcn- turo begins to sing. The singing, though muoh louder than a bird's, is pleasant to listen to. Tho beast does not bite, nor does it move, though it is not tied up." , -v' A very melodious and ohnrming setting of tlio Latin hymn, " O Saliitaris," has reeontly been published by Messrs. Mamiottand YVilli ims, of Oxford stroot,! London. It is tlio composition of Mr. Goorgo Robertson, of Wellington, Now Zealand, who is well known there as an oxcol- lent'inusician and pianist. It is in tlio koy of D major, 3-4 timo, modulating temporarily into G minor, with a return to tho original koy for un effectivo oloso. It lias already boeu, sung in public, by -several prominent London Tooalists, including Mr. Henry Guy, tho ohiof tenor of tho Chapel Royal, by Mr. Bartiott, .of tho Kensington pro-cathedral, and others, and bus desorvedly won high favour. Tlio English composer, George Osborne, who died a short time hack at mi advanced age, was the author of a brilliant salon pieco called "La Pluio de. Berlos." It was ut ono timo so popular in England that ovoryhody played it. At a certain concert, when tlio piece was at the height of its popularity, Osborne, without having boon oxpeoted, suddenly made his ap pearance, nnd was at once asked to play. Ho began his own piece, "La Pluio doPerles," and at oneo provoked roars of laughter. "YVhat wns there to laugh at?" tho_ pianist and composer' asked himself. Only tills — that at that saino concert "La Pluio doPerles" had already boon played four times. An interesting anecdote is boing told of the into Mr. Aynsdey Cook's appenronco in an American law court as a basso. Ho was, it is said; in his curly career engaged for tin American tour. After a few weoks tlio "ghost " ceased to walk, aud tho manager wus sued by tho irate a'reditoi, who pleaded that the manager was to blame for having engaged so poor a company. This the manager denied, and asked leave to send for the "leuot known momher " of . the company, that ho might sing to the court. Mr. AynBley Cook was selected, nnd sang "The Village Blacksmith ". in a way that fairly took tho court by storm. The judge dismissed tho suit, making a jocular remark about tlio creditor's musical education having been sadly nogleoted. y Tlibhmsienl contributor to. the. Wly News writes: Tlio twenty-fifth anniversary of Lndy Hallo's debut us an adult violinist iii London took place 011 May 17. On May 17, 18G9, sho played ut tho Philharmonic concerts, and mainly owing to tho re iterated advibo of Viouxtemps, sho re mained to take, part in the season of the Monday Popular concerts, and was afterwards a constant visitor to England until she finally took up her rosidenoo here. Lady Hulle, how ever, us little YYilholminn Nerudu, mado lier first appearanoo in London in 1849, 11s a juvoi'iilo prodigy at tlio Princoss's Theatre, afterwards playing at tlio Philharmonic, whero slio wus soverely criticised by Oliorley, and was warmly praised by J. ,YV; Davison. Tho latter proved to bo right. Tho musio hall artist commands more inonoy than tlio best actor 011 tho boards legltimuto. Mr. Albert Ghovulier is receiving from the four musio halls quito £300 to £400 por week, and a successful song in theso halls o"f dazzling light is worth to its composor u small fortuno. There are somo groat singers, too, who cannot ho 'tempted by opera. Mr. Edward Lloyd was offered by tbo lato Carl Rosa a blank cheque to fill up if hti'would sing in "Tannliauser," liis drnmatio instinot being great, but I10 rofusod. And dear old Sims Reoves gave a refusal also of a blank cheque to fill up to sing on the opening of ' tlio old Oxford Musio' Hall. It. must lmvo been his dignity that stayed his hand, as tlio grand old tenor wants monoy sadly. Singers, aiid indeed urtists "generally, are soldom thrifty. Says tho JSorth British Agriculturist : "Tho provalonco of tubcroulosis in cattle is becoming u most serious matter to stopkownors, butchers, and livo stoolc salosmon. So prevulent hns this dire discaso become in tlio north of Scotland, that thobutohers havo boycotted a, number of auotion marts at which tlio salesmon havo de clined to mako good the loss wliioh tlio butchers havo sustained throu'gh the purohaso of lip- pnreritly heulthy cattle, which, on being slaughtered, were found to be nffootcd with tuberculosis, and whoso carouses, wore ' con demned uooordingly,". 