NEWS AND NOTES. Tiia Banks will he closed ou Mon day, Tuesday and Wednesday next. The Choicest and Cheapest Christ inas, New Year and Birthday Cards in Bunbury can again be had at Bibhikguah House. The mails for the Australian Colo nies and for the United Kingdom close at the Bunbury Post Offico on Friday, December 28th. We have decided to give our staff the benefit of the Xmas holidays and accordingly this journal will not be published on Tuesday next. It will be printed as usual on Thursday. Suitable Xmas presents:—Photo graphic views of Banbury, Perth, Geraldton, Albany, Timber Stations, and West Australian Natives can be had at Birmingham House. One Shilling each. The Railway Department have de cided to run no trains on Xmas Day except the 9 30 a.m. train from Perth to Bunbury which will run as usual. An advertisement to this effect will be found elsewhere. We have been asked by the Church wardens of St. Paul's Church, Bun bury, to state that the offertories in that Church on Xmas Day will be presented to the itector, the Rev. W. F. Marshall, aB a Xmas offering. TitE Post aud Telegraph Offices open on Xmas Day from 8 to 9 a.m. only, and on the 26th inst. (Boxing Day) the office will be open the same as on Sunday, No mails will be re-? ceived or despatched on Xmas Day. A reference to our advertising columns will disclose amended par ticulars respecting the cold stor age vans, showing the rates charged for conveyance of provisions therein. This information will be of great interest to our country readers. The Bunbury Cycle and Athletic ■Club tnake their greatest effort on Boxing Day. The valuable prizes have been instrumental in inducing a large number of Perth bicyclists to come down and a good day's sport . may confidently be anticipated. Most of our local storekeepers have decided" to keep Boeing Day and will accordingly closp their establishments on December 26. Messrs. Spencer & Sons, according to a notice appearing elsewhere, will close froni December 26 to January 2 for stock taking prjor to the business being taken over by Messrs. C. E. anj A. JP, Spencer \ and Messrs. Hayward & Son will also close on January 1st for ptocfc The Preston Sports on Boxing Day are being looked forwaul to with much interest. Splendid entries have been received for the various events, and the Sheffield Handicap especially bids fair to be an event of rare oc currence. Special anangeinents have bpen made by the Bail way Depart ment for the conveyance of passen gers from Bun bury and the inter mediate stations, and a train will j return to Banbury at 6. 0 p.rn Tub performance of " Betsy" by local amateurs 0:1 Boxing Day will sure to be witnessed by a crowded house. We understand that the re hearsals are progressing in an excecd ingly satisfactory manner and we hope that next Wednesday evening will see another talented troupe added to the list of Bunbuiy amateurs. Mr. Geo. Bobeits has bten indefatigable in his endeavours to make tbo occasion a success atid we hope that his efforts will be amply rewarded The per formance will be repeated on Thurs day. The Rifle Volunteer Company will hold a church parade 011 Christmas morning. The assembly will take place at 10 a.m. at the armoury and From theuce, headed by the band, the company will inarch to the Catholic Church where the members of that church wiil break off to attend the Service. The remaiuder will then march to the Church of England and attend service there. At the con clusion of the Services the Company will again combine and march back to the armoury. This church parade will be the first held in Bunbury and no doubt will be a very pleasing ceremony. Oit Wednesday last a very pleasing ceremony took place at the Preston (Donnybrook) School. Miss Scott, who for many years has conducted this school, is retiring from its manage ment and the children with whom she is a good favourite, took advantage of the occasion of the annual distribution of prizes at the school, to convey to her the love and respect in which she is held by them. As a souvenir of the fond attachment between teacher and pupils the latter presented Miss Scott with a handsome gold brooch bearing an inscription of their love. After the presentation Miss Scott was the guest of the children at a Social gathering of parents and others. Miss Scott has been very successful in the conduct of this school and has not only retained the confidence ot the District Board of Education but also of the whole ot the settlers of the locality with whom she is a great favourite and whom sincerely regret her departure. Yesterday evening the promised cycling carnival took place. The evening's amusement commenced with a bicycle procession through the principal streets of the town. The cyclists were dressed in fancy costume and carried Chinese lanterns making a very pretty effect. They were preceded by the Bunbury Volunteer Band. The procession terminated at the Masonic Hall where a concert was held. The programme was largely composed of humorous songs, and the audience were kept in a constant good humour. Mrs. C. L. Clifton gave two songs and was well received. Mr. Bf. E. Parry's cornet solo was music ally the treat of the evening. In comic songs Mr. Shaw was the best and one of his songs, " The Ghost of John Binns", was excellently given. Mr. O'liourke also gave several ex cellent comic songs, as also Mr. Roberts. Mr. Watson received several encores. Pressure upon our space prevents our giving a fuller report. The proceeds of the entertain ment are to be devoted to the Bunbury Cycle and Athletic Club under whose auspices it was held. 