A CHRISTMAS ADDRESS By the Yen. Aechdeaoon Richardson. ' The mystery of Godliness' is a great thing — 'good tidings of great joy' — strains of ' a great multitude of the heavenly host praising God' — first faot in a series of maxvelB, ' God manifest in the flesh, justi fied in the Spirit, seen of angels, preached unto the Gentiles, believed on in the world, received up into glory.' And ' without controversy ' is a great suggestion ; lifting us out of collision, and criticism, and con ' flict with the mind and revelation of God ; and bidding us believe, and accept, and appropriate the great announcement of the Father's love. The fact of the incarnation is a great honour to our humanity. It is a great feature in our Christianity. It is the great subject for thought and feeling in our Christmas' season. And when we think, we thank ; as we worship, we praise ; as we enjoy, we impart ; as we receive, we reflect the light of love and faith and hope, which has made oar world so happy and our heartB so bright. There is a home feeling at Christmas when we remember ' the household of faith ' and ' the family of God.' And when we look round on the gathered home groups, we think of those who have gone before, or of others who are far away, and the flush of our happiness cannot weaken the deep-seated sympathies of our human hearts ; and death and distance cannot make our number less ; for ' 'Twas throwing words away ; for still The little maid would have her will, And said ' Nay, we are seven.' ' So Christmas time may bid us look to the Christmas temper ; for if the incarnation opened, and the glorification closes the system of our salvation, then sane tifi cation was set out as the aim, and privilege, and possibility in the life of faith and labour of love amongst those whom Jesus has saved and the Holy Ghost is training for the better home in heaven. And two considerations may be useful — one to warn, and the other to enoourage. ' Let every man take heed.' ) The Christmas of the unforgiving; what a caricature! Family jars, heart burnings, secret bitterness, unholy jealousies, unkind suspicions, unhealed sorenesses, unsoftened hearts, unsubdued passions, should have no place, for they can do no credit, in the gathering together of people who have obtained pardon and found peace with God. In the Gospel crucible all such earthly substances should be fused, and evaporated, and cast clean away. ' Shouldest thou not have had compassion on thy fellow-servant, even as I had pity on thee ? ' He brought me into the banqueting house, and His banner over me was love.' The Christmas of the v/nsynvpathetic ; what a plain contradiction is there. Jesus s&'id, ' I have compassion.' 'Having com passion one of another ' is the Apostolic rule. ' Who can have compassion on the ignorant, and on them that are out of the way,' was, and is, the ministerial qualifica tion ; and ' Love as brethren, be pitiful, be courteous,' is the Christian's marked dis tinction in the world. The season brings out sympathy, and from this feaBt of fat things may and will unselfish love send portions to those for whom nothing is pre pared. The hunger of the body must ap. ' peal, and not in vain. But what of the hunger of the soul ? In the gratitude for saving grace and knowledge, surely, if Christ be with us at the feast, we should remember the strangers who have never understood that He has love for them. The Christmas of the unbelieving ; what a mockery that must be I Christ is of the very essence of the festival ; and such men have no faith in Him. They who loathe the food and refuse the wed ding garment will not remain among the marriage guests. And if there be no ap petite the bread will sustain no healthy life. ' Without faith it is impossible to please God ; ' and the Lord Jesus Himself has laid down this law, ' Whosoever shall deny Me before men, him will I also deny before my Father which is in heaven.' Let our search at this Christmastide be about those things ; whatever we do, forgive, and sympathise, and believe. Then, other con siderations may encourage us all. The Christmas of the uncomplaining ; what a testimony that will be concerning grace I The Lord Jesus condescended and accomplished glorious things ; and His servants catch His spirit and look for help when they work for Him The Holy Ghost blesses the Word, and the Gospel proves to be the power of God unto sal vation. The depths of Satan work out the high purposes of Heaven. 'All things work together for good to them that love God.' And so the Lord's people who rest in His love, grow more and more convinced of His wisdom, and rejoice even in tribula tion. The Christmas of the unselfish ; what an outworking of an inward grace is there ! The world's eye is on the Church's life and destiny. -Men feel that out of our faith there has come a character. The green places of charity tell where the stream of God is flowing ; and the careless look with interest at what to them may be some thing new, that there are no jostlings amongst men who look at the suu from a thousand points of view, or travel in dif ferent sections on the way to Heaven. The Christmas of the undaunted ; what an influence that has had through the ages of contention and debate ! To suffer for conscience sake belongs to the Gospel scheme. To die for the faith once delivered to the saints is a saintly distinction which weak-hearted defenders of error will re spect. Christian courage is an ornament ; just as Christian pat?'iice is a surprise. And so, the hope of a believer is a bright thing which throws a strong light far and wide. And the great plan of a full sal vation will be traced as it spreads out on the chart which God has given ; and the husbandry goes on in all its freeness and freshness as the seasons follow from the early seed sowing up to the final ingather ing of the harvest when the field is ripe. ' God was manifest in the flesh ' when the incarnate Word appeared. He will be seen in His glory when He shall come again, and all His saints with Him, and the mystery of godliness will be made clear, in the manifested presence of eternal Godhead without a cloud between us and Him. 