IN THE CONSTITUENCIES. (By VERAX.) I. BELMORE. If in a multitude of counsellors there is wisdom, then tho final choice of Belinore should bo unerring, for at tho present time there are no fewer than eight gentle- men, oacu instilling into the minu oc tue constituency the supremo importance of selecting hiin as its representative in Par liament. Of these candidates, threo aro freetraders, four are protectionists, aud one is the nominee of tho labor electoral league. The three freetraders, Messrs. E. W. Foxall, Alderman .J. C. Waine, and Dr. Graliauie are all strong men. and each has a substantial following. Twice before Mr. Foxall has fought the battle of freelrade. At the last election lie stood for South Syd ney, and subsequently at a by-election lie opposed Sir W. 1'. Manuing for the same constituency. As we all kuow, he was beaten, but not by two lo one as the wise acres prophesied on the last occasion that he would be. Indeed the polling left liim only 2U votes behind Ids strong opponent, and it goes without saying that if Hie party had done their duty, he would have won an easy victory. Fearful on one hand, how ever. of Mr. Foxall's proclivities for land tnxatiou, and on the other hand lulled Into political torpor by Alderman Manning's assertion that he did not propose to go t into iho As:-t»mbly a:; "a party man." ilu . froetrarlvrs inDust-d their vote:;, and Ihe Mayor of Syilmy squeezed Through a mighty small link- into Parliament. Av an earnest. <»f hj« own confidence of success at the poll op ibis occasion, no less than as evidence of his desire to help the nvtnuk party nut of the difficulties arising through the plethora of candidates. Mr. Foxall has i very properly notified to the executive his willingiu to sitind down and out should that derision roue as the result of fair arbitration. Whaiever the consequence may , be, it. is sincerely to be hoped that the other two freetrader candidates will agree to sub- ! mit. their chums to the considora$on of 1 the arbitrators. Up 'a the present Alder- j man Waine is best, known as an intelli gent and energetic member of tho City Council, ai"! Dr. Grahame as an unques tionably high authority on hydatids. It Is j said. Indeed, that the doctor has carried j liis investigations into the ways of those festive little worms so far, that he can trace a good many of the peculiarities of Australian character to (heir occasional presence in Australian stomachs. Perhaps, iu the course of bin election speeches, he will have something to say about their influ ence upon the polities of Now South Wales. At any rate, both Dr. Grahame and Alder man Waine are regarded by those who know them, as the last men in the world to spoil the chances of their party by Insist ing upon guiug to the poll against all comers when the way is still open to a rea sonable method of selection. Of Mr. Free- hill, tho most dangerous opponent, of tin? freetrade cause in that, electorate, it is un necessary to speak. Mr. Froehill has spent | the best, pari of his life in attempting to gel into Parliament, and is not there yet. He is an unbending protectionist, and a j Roman Catholic, and would certainly not. have had "a ghost, of a show" against Mr. j Foxall in South Sydney. Mr. Powell, the | nominee of ihe labor electoral league, is j also a protectionist, and is about the least likely of ;:)| the candidates whom the league could have chosen to fight the battle for them anywhere. Tho remaining can didates do not call for serious comment, and, taking a broad view of the situation, it. is generally considered that if the free traders agree lo submit their claims to arbitration, and tho arbitration results in the selection of the right man, then the right man should top the poll. BLIGII DIVISION. A de'icato task awaits tlio Freetrade Council here. Two of the candidates, Mr. James Martin, M.P., and Mr. Pulsfonl. are members of that body, and Mr. Carpenter, the third freetrade candidate, Is known in the district as an old colonist with an honorable, if rather ancient, political re cord — it dates back from before the days of Sir John Robertson's famous Land Bill, and indeed seems to have originated with the agitation In favor of that measure. Each of these gentlemen has of course a following of his own, and the one end for the council to keep in view when the fatal hour arises is tho selection of the candi date most likely to win the seat. On the whole, perhaps the odds aro in Mr. Mar tin's favor. Besides being a staunch free trader, au able speaker, and a man who has been weighed in the balance of Par liamentary life and not found wanting, he is what, is known as "a good man with tho crowd." Mr. Pulsford's chances, on the other hand, vest chiefly with those who take their intellectual refreshment, neat." and do not like Caesar ins. at upon having fat men about, them. Mr. Pulsford could never bo a "popular" member, like Mr. Dan. O'Conuor, for instance. Nor, on the other hand, is he likely to provoke much enthusiasm amongst, the laud-taxation par ty in the Bligh division. Indeed. It is an open secret that. Mr. Pulsford s election to the Freetrade Council was viewed with something very like displeasure by tho leading laud- taxers throughout the country. It was even hinted that, his presence there was In itself an evidence of antipathy in certain quarters to that, very just ami rea sonable legislative proposal. Such insinua tions, however, were unfair. For the very reason that his proffered services deserve the most favorable consideration at the hands of the couucil wheu the time comes for impressing tlio hall mark of approval upon one of the three freetrade candidates, they could not well do without him in their secret deliberations. Not only has Mr. Pulsford been for years past one of the foremost champions of freetrade, but lie was for a long time the secretary of tlio freetrade party, and there is probably no man in the community to whom the cause owes more than it owes to hiui. Un der these circumstances it is satisfactory to hear that the candidates are disposed to come to terms, failing which, according to the rules of tho council, an Independent In quiry will be held for the purpose of as certaining which of the three has the best chance ot carrying the electorate. It might be stated also that neither in this nor in any case involving the possible withdrawal from a constituency of a candidate who is also a member of the council will that gentleman bo allowed to take part in the decision. Mr. J. A. Hendry is the candi date of the Labor Electoral League, and Air. James Murphy the protectionist can didate. Mr. Hendry is a "fiscal sinker," and Mr. Murphy is best known to fame an the secretary of the Holt-Sutherland estate, upon which the Casual Labor Board is generally believed to have effected some improvements in its heroic efforts towards the solution of the unemployed difficulty. COOK DIVISION. All is plain sailing hero. YVith Air. Whiddon, tho former' rcturulng-officer for South Sydney, as the only freetrade candi date, the party may well regard the Cook Division as a certainty. Hardly any other man would have commanded so much gene ral confidence in the freetrade ranks, and certainly none would have been more thoroughly acceptable. Roughly estimated the chances were all in Mr. YVhid- don's favor from the first, and now that out of the balance of the 2000 voters who wero on the rolls threo months ago, he can count upon 050 promises, closer in spection only makes the prospect brighter. Mr. Traill, as an aesthetic democrat, can scarcely rely upon the labor protectionist vote with a man liko Mr. James Watson, the nominee of the Labor Electoral League, in tho field, and as for Mr. Watson, ho has been identified for too many years with Dibbs Ministries to hoodwink the workingman of the electorate who are at all earnest iu their desire for practical reform. It. is said, by the way, that the labor candidate Is not very anxious to carry the fight to a finish, but that Is probably in correct, and if even Mr. Watson withdraws, tho league has doubtless some aspirant in Ylow whoso scruples would not. stand In the way of helping a protectionist of Mr. Traill's stamp into his political grave. DENISON DIVISION. There should not, and there probably will not, be much difficulty in selecting be tween the two freetrade candidates for the Denison division, Aldermau Matthew Har ris and Mr. Henry Willis. One of these gentlemen has been identified with the city all his life, aud has for many years taken an active part in ii: municipal affairs. The other is an old Victorian resident, who since his arrival in this colony has ex perienced a singular craving for Parlia mentary power. Air. Willis, it is said, has consulted the electoral map of the colony, from ihe northern to tho southern border. In search of a resting place for tho soles of b!s political feet, and finally, for the want of a more reassuring prospect, has perched upon this metropolitan con stituency. If he is a wise man, Mr. Willis will stand down. If not, the chances aro that he will bo taken down. Mr. Andrew : Kelly, in spite of his assumption pf the role of labor candidate, Is In reality, of course, tho protectionist to whom the Gov ernment. look for tho winning of tho seat. "Andy" has likewise tho promise of tho Irish vote and the unswerving support of the Anti-humbug League, which should in a measure console him for the loss of pres tige in certain quarters, resulting from that fatal attempt to "bounce" the local Labor Leugua into acquiescence in his candidature. Mr. Andrew Thompson, whom this little piece of Jugrlinrr brought into the field as Mr. Kelly'.-, rival, is the bona lido labor candidate, und nr. such v.Jli natu rally retire off the opponent of "pot" hats. With regard to Mr. Thomprnn, it. may be said that, though on. . ,i ftvetr.ubT. ho has bfeii entrapped hy t <\i: ' -iron pDdgv mtn the devious ways of 'li.-eat sinking;" and thus, whilst, one of hi.-, '-ompet itors will re lieve him of tho protectionist, vote, it Is hardly likely that any sane freetrader will entrust him with the duty of scouring di rect. taxation in the next Assembly. 