JOTTINGS. Fine ' : •~>wwwv.wiavi«»rw« «. Once more.:. : ■ Frosty •, nights With bright sunny ■’ v - Days, and “Chilly air.’ Bicycle race on Sunday. . From Woodend to Cnrlsruho. Ail the local “ cracks” in train. Last home to shout; for the push. A dance after the concert to-night. Pctro, the local “ sport,” a game ’un with his “ quids,” but when it comes to escorting his sweet “ Eprilena” past the' cheeky crowd--alas,,ipotir Petro.f, With his loved one lie.'went for a walk, : And the naughty boys gave him cheek • He left her and went “ on his own.”; Did bashful and simple old Pete: Grood singing at the concert to-night; the hall will likely be crowded. Morris Mahon, the favorite comic, will appear in two numbers. Miss Clara Mongredien, and Mr. Stephens, the latter a beautiful tenor singer, will each contribute two songs. :. The “Bit of Fashion” alias “Umbrella Top” does the “soft eyes look love,” etc., business in the corner very nicely. . Keet it up, dear chappie—the topinot I mean—we all admire it, especially that cherry-lipped rose-bud of yours. Prospecting operation to be recom menced on the Campaspe shortly. The Melbourne road was well patro- , nized on Sunday night last after church. , What price the back gate “Showery,” you know your way round, old chap. Who got “left” after the dance on the 1 24tli of May, and have not yet recovered. “ Wo were brother’s, they were sisters; and got done, got done for the two.” Never mind, old chaps, worse things • than that.are happening at Coolgardie. Hibernian Ball on Wednesday-next, a large gathering, expected. " , “Keep ’way frura dat ’ar bridge,can’t ■ tu,” an angry Papa was heard to say to his dutiful daughter the other night ; in one of the suburbs of Woodend.;- - That’s right, Pa, old sooner, pick on to her, she’s there for no good purpose, and Big feet knows it. - Four daring erimnals arrested for kick ing a football in the streets at Coolgardie. ; Sentence by the Court had to' be sus pended to get a law passed by Parlia ment putting, down such ruffianism. Some years hard labor with terms of solitary will doubtless be passed on them. It is believed to beeontageous, as that dastardly practice was first started in . Woodend by a number of worthless* vagabonds! Quarries United ’beat the Doughboys : in their last tournament match. What price the chap that has gone clean balmy on “ Eighteenpence’s” cast off ? Not at all bad. Who took the part of the flesh and blood ghost last Sunday night at the . back of the cemetary. You put yourself away in no time, ghosts don’t sigh, nor keep on saying “ how much do you love me.” Say, “ Josh,” give somebody else a look-in round the'back, street, there, and don’t monopolize the dark eyed beauty always. It’s not the cheese. Don’t weep old-Yard Foot if your girl has gone, she can’t stay away for ever, and she won’t forget you. The shed in the Yolunter Paddock is a nice, cosy little place, isn’t it, Charlie. Yes, and more than one is aware of - that fact.. .... . . 