Twinkling's. Fine. Refuge. Taxation. Hot winds. Continuity. £8,947 14s. All is vanity. Irish Land Acts. Summer approaching. An Irish ghost story. Diplomatic difficulties. Some "don'ts" for men. Silver, 28 15-16d. per oz. Czar of Russia seriously ill. Japanese approaching Pekin.. Weeds from the Pope's garden. Threatened printers' strike in Sydney. Virit from Michael Davitt in February. West Australian mines booming in Lon don* Port Augusta Cathedral Fund,. £8,947 14s. Keystone of the arch of truth—the Pope. The Union' Twist Tobacco is gaining ground. O'Donovan Rossa rebuked by Michael Davitt. Progressive land tax passed the Assembly. Cead Mitte FaiUlie to Michael Davitt in Australia, Obit.—Rev. Mother Mary Magdalen de Pazzio, O.P. Collection for the Catholic Refuge on Sunday next. Relations between Great Britain and France critical. Catholics constitute 75*4 per cent, of the population of Ireland. To keep our railways clear of vegeta tion last year cost £13,400. For every man killed in the late Ameri can Civil War it cost £3,340. Quorn loses a good and useful resident in the late Mr. John Conway. Australian butter selling in London at 1008\. for new and 95s. for old. A 23-story building has been erected in New York. It is 306 feet high. Brough and Boucicault Comedy Com pany at the Royal on Tuesday night. Try Craven and Armstrong, Rundle Street, for drapery, cheap and good. Congratulations from the I. N. Federa tion to Francis Longmore of Victoria. Sketch of the life of the late Mr. Martin O'Loughlin in another column. Emperor of China, fearing the approach of the Japs is arranging for a vamoose. Rich men have commonly more need to be taught contentment than the poor. Overdueassessments to the Port Augusta Cathedral Fund promised at an early date. Catholic Schools in Sydney have achieved a triumph with their music pupils. The Select Committee on Irish Land Acts recommend several important amendments. The Pekina pupils of the Sisters of St. Joseph give an entertainment at Booleroo on Friday, 12th inst. Mr. Grainger, M.P., wants cheap law, but does not expect such. a reform to come from the lawyers. For bargains go to Mr. Lill, Magill Road, Stepney—anything and everything bought and exchanged. Help the good work of raising the fallen and unfortunate by contributing liberally to the Refuge Fund on Sunday. Father Norton has a dignified and effective rejoinder to the Rev. Joseph Nicholson in Wednesday's Register. Ministers of the Crown are valued at £1,000 a year ; " but they are worth a great deal more," adds the Premier. Balance-sheet for year of Catholic Female Refuge, Norwood, show receipts £1,108 9s. and expenditure £1,029 5s 9d. Members of the legislature had the privilege of saying their, prayers in the open air at Appila-Yarrowie on Sunday last. The Sydney Catholic Schools have come out of the Trinity College (London) Theory of Music examinations with flying colors. The Bishop of Port Augusta adminis tered the Sacrament of Confirmation to forty children at Appila-Yarrowie on Sep tember 30. Why attack Hon. G. C. Hawker for changing in favor of the progressive land tax and let Mr. Howe pass, who turned the other way ? At the last election for the Assembly 34,000 votes were for candidates in favor of the progressive land tax, and only 19,000 against it. Flattery is the hocus-pocus nonsense with which our ears are cajoled, in order that we may be more effectually bam boozled and deceived. Dr. Campbell gave a long, dry disquisi tion in the Council on Wednesday on a constitutional point, and nearly sent all the members to sleep. Who paid the expenses of working up petitions for the retention of the Railway Commissioners Was it the big firms and other interested parties ? Mr. Poynton, M P., wants members to be fined for non-attendance at divisions. Some would have their salaries consider ably reduced in that case. " Our Blessed Lord in order to impart and secure visible unity to His church founded it on the primacy and supremacy of St. Peter's chair."—Bosseut. Farmers have not much to thank the Railway Commissioners for—the railway rates for wheat and chaff are 50 per cent, more than in the other colonies, and the highest in the world. < . The Register includes Mr. Grainger, the first advocate of a progressive land tax in Australia, and Mr. Howe, a member of the Ministry who first introduced it, as opponents of the measure. Should Northern generosity continue for twelve months, at the rate of £50 per month, the total liabilities on Port Augus ta Cathedral will disappear. At the rate of £100, it would vanish in half that time. Notwithstanding the fact that the pro gressive land- tax has been carried in two successive sessions immediately after the elections by substantial majorities, the poor Register is still trying to show that the country is against it. 