THE MELBOURNE CUR HOW THE FAVORITE WAS BEATEN. [From our Special Reporter.] Melbourne. November^, 'Twaa a happy inspiration of Tom Hood's when he Bang tbe 'Song of the Shirt.' The theme was new to him, the subject original, the cause an alleviation of human suffering and want, a grand one for the -exercise of his oleves pen and poetical brain, aDd aside from his quips and cranks and comical sayings tha humorist will go down to history as the authoe of one of tbe finest rhythmical moral lessons that can be found in the English language. Where the connection comes in between Tom Hood's ' Song of the Shirt' and 4i Mentor's1 views of the Melbourne Qnp is somewhat diffi» colt perhaps to be understood, but to a soribe who . has penned some 16 Cap introductions the initial difficulty ia where and how to begin. Had Tom Hood been called upon to write the 'Song of the Shirt' once every year until bis eldest eon had matriculated it is just possible the tail of that song of the shirt would nave been somewhat attenuated at the finish. Speaking to a brother pressman who occupies the editorial chair of a leading weekly, in ehorfc, the Lender, I asked — 'Whab is there new that I can say about the Cup this year?' and his reply was — ' I don't know, unless you can draw . a comparison between the boom times and the pr2sent period of depression.' I thanked my old chum for the hint, which of course, as advice gratis, was not highly valued, but in the amalgamated Herald-Standard of the same evening I saw that a member of the English House of Commons had come out from home purposely to write a book about his impressions of Melbourne as it is now com pared with what it was a few yeara ago in the Exhibition pBriod. Where the peculiar plea sure of Mr. Jef. Hogan, M.P., comes in in the task he has journeyed so lar to execute I cannot exactly eee. I once revisited an old diggings town ship where, in my novitiate days, I wielded the editorial quill of a powerful (?) local organ. I was present at the birth of that township. We created the diggings into a municipality and celebrated the christening with champagne. All then was life, gaiety, and good humor, and the little community full of as much enterprise and go as Jimmy Shaw and his mates are now infusing into Coolgardie. The majority of us had youth, health, strength, and the brightest anticipations of a golden future — anticipations, alas, that to many were never realised. I, however, had the pood luck to be one of a band of Mark Tapleys, who took all that happened in a philosophical Bpirit of merriment, and from the festive board where we lingered over our evening meal came peal upon peal of hearty laughter. The newest joke, the latest bit of scan-maer, the most recent piece of practical tomfoolery, were all related and received with outbursts of hilarity that eoold be heard on the outvrard bounds of the principal thoroughfare. 'Laughter is the best of physic,' says the bard, and it was the nostrum that killed all our ailments in those days. Returning to the same place recently I had the feelings of one who is walking through a cemetery. The buildings were bo many tombstones of the past, and the beings who were left were ghosts of the old golden hours that were illumined -with the joyous halo of youth. Alas ! tbe familiar features of my old associates were scant in number, and scarred by the hand of Time. Many had departed to another sphere, where it is to be hoped they receive the kindly attentions of Mrs. Besant's boss Mahatma. Doctor, chemist, lawyer, publican, goldbnyer, storekeepsr, 'tinker, tailor, soldier, sailor,' and many a ' hatter' end dieger of the olden days were dead. The bank manager had met the fate of Crooks, and when last heard of was shouldering lumber in a timber-yard of the Northern Territory. His assistant, a fine young fellow who had been prompted to the managership of a branch somewhere in the wilds of West Australia, was cruelly murdered while sleeping out one hot eight under his verandah, and his own assistant also had his brains beaten out, and tbe murderer has never yet been discovered. Where were the friends of my youth? Either in or out of gaol or in epookland. New streets had been made in the township and brick and stone structures erected, but these belong to a generation who knew not Joseph, and ' Joe'9 was strange and out of place amongst them. The older edifices that told of the diggings period were of wood, and bate of paint, rickebty, and out of plumb. Gone over at the knees like an ancient knacker, or out at elbows like a seedy johnny, they bore evidence of wear and tear outside, and their interiors were in tbs most dilapidated condition. The saioon of what had been the principal pub had been ornamented with figures of Psyche, Venns, and Adonis and other old-time cele brities upon whom we gazed then with appre ciative admiration, but now, alack, they were torn, bent, distorted, and, like Mitcnell after three rounds with Corbett, were most disrepu tably groggy. I was glad enough to get out of the place after putting in a few hours with one remaining old friend, and if Mr. Hogan, M.P., experiences any similar sensations on revisiting Melbourne he will not delay bis return to the constituency which he honors by representing them in the British Parliament. Certainly the comparison of a diggings town ship with marvellous Melbourne will not hold good, except to a large extent in the reverse ratio. When I saw Melbourne first it was like the diggings town, made mostly of wood, and where colossal edifices of marble and granite now rear their pretentious heads to the sum mer sky then stood the modest 'Beehive' store, or ' Full-and-Plenty' shanty. Mel bourne was more picturesque if less marvellous in those days, and she is now Buffering from the effects of a buildiner craze. The speculation in land in the boom times was followed in sequence by a piling of Btone upon stone and a heaping up of almost endless tons of bricks upon mortar. Now there are whole suburbs that are nearly tenantless, and mansions at Toorak in which the original proprietor is residing as caretaker. The Mining Exchange is a monument of rash ness and folly, and no one deplores its cathedral character of design and its costliness more than the executive committee who are responsible for the interest on tbe money that was borrowed to build it. TheY.M.C.A. Hall, constructed at a cost of £50,000, has just been sold to the Salvation Army for less than a third of that amount, and if Mr. Shiel's scheme of amalgamation be carried out one-half of the palatial bank build ings in Collins-street will be closed up. Rents of private houses have come down enormously, and the only difficulty that presents itself to families who hanker after a mansion is the finding of furniture where with to fill it. From the window at which I am seated I look out across the Exhibition grounds upon a many-storied structure that was built as a coffee palace and has never yet been opened, and probably never will be utilised unless it be as a refuge for destitute boomers. Over- built by the acre is mar vellous Melbourne, and when generations that are yet unborn may arrive and need the shelter of these homesteads they will be riddled by rats and tumbling into reins if they have not benn previously demolished by the colonial larrikin. Decent six-roomed houses are let in some neighbor hoods for half a crown a week, and in other cases people live rent fre^ for giving -an eye to premises on either side of them. Bellhandies, doorknocker?, iron gates and railings, and everything in the shape of metal that can be moved and sold are carried off by marauders, and the prudent man who placed not his trust in banks, but invested bis savings in [property, has now a carking care as to how he can keep his possessions in a condition of safety and repair. Never theless, although depleted of its population and depressed by its financial failures, there is still a large amount of 'go' in Mel bourne, and many people are of opinion that they can discern through the haze of ill times the edge of that silver lining which is said to attach to every cloud. In spite of the depression the pleasure-loving populace of Victoria make no diminution in their amusements. Theatres, music-halls, cir cuses, and reereation-Ep-oundB are all well attended, and cricketers are anxiously await ing the advent of the Englishmen. But the all-absorbing sport just at this time is the turf, and although rulers may die, foreign wars may rage, and disasters may depopulate cities, the turfite goes on the even tenor of his way, and tries his level best to find the winner of the Cup. In the city on Cup day all business bar ring' the trade in race programmes is at a standstill, and thousands are flock ing to the Spencer-street station. As the train approaches there is a rush for seats, and as it departs there is a chorus of disappointment from those who have failed to obtain even standing room. Every one is dressed in the best he or ehe can afford, and we can only hope that the weather will remain propitious and not spoil the gay dresses of the ladies. Arrived at Fiemington there is another rush to secure a spot whence it will be possible to seethe races in comfort. A bustling stream emerges from the trains on either side of the platform, one to the lawn and the other to the MIL From the hill a magnificent panorama is spread before the eye. The observer finds himself standing, as it were, on the rim of a shallow basin a trifle the worse for wear. Far away, directly in front of him, a piece is broken out and a crack runs from this to another opening just on his right hand. This is the course of the river, which peace fully wends its way across the green to the sea. Through the opening in front a forest of masts and funnels is seen through a bluish haze. Advertisement ^hoardings glare forth from the rise on the right, and proclaim the virtues of somebody's soap or soand so's tea. Buildings, amidst which we easily detect the Exhibition, cover the left rise, and far beyond, peeping over their heads, are seen the blue shadowy forms of distant moun tains. In the centre lies the far-famed Fiem ington course, where thoroughbreds vie with each other in fleetneua and staying powers, and where to-day the choicest equine blood of a continent will prove its excellence before the admiring gaze of a hundred thousand pairs of eyes. Ever and anon a train puffs busily across the background of the picture, as if trying to put to shame the sluggishness of the dark-fringed silver stream. The ground is black with a bustling noisy crowd, from whom arises an unceasing buzz and murmur ilike a hive of bees on a summer's afternoon. Moving among this well- dressed, excited throng the observer sees no traces of that withering blast of depression that lately swept the colony from end to end. Men and women of all stations are here, but no poverty, no misery is apparent. Conspicuous to sight and hearing are the bookmakers. Not content with shouting the odds at the top of their leng'ti power, they don fearful and wonder ful costumes to attract the attention of the eyes as well as the ears of the betters. Here is a quartet) decked on* in blue plash coats, reaching to their heels, yellow trousers, and gilded belltoppers. There are others dressed in white from top to toe. Some in green and some in tartan, while here is an old boy who has donned a very Jacob's coat of many colors.. Scarlet, as being the most con spicuous, seems to he their favorite color, but occasionally weseesomeincostumesdesigned to attract more from theircut than their color, e.g., a couplein yachting costumeand another couple in University caps and gowns. Everyone is talking more or less loudly. String and brass bands are mingling their separate harmonies in united discord, but the cries of the bookies drown all other sounds. Men are rushing about crying ''Ere y'ar, 'honly starters, a bob sweep, and ten the -winner. Come on, I only want two more.' ''Ere'e the best chance in a lifetime,' cries an old man with a dirtyjfaee, battered top hat, and his Bhirb hanging out in divers direction. ' Hi've information from the stable, and my tips is habsolutely re liable, only threepence.' Further down we see a man with a gorgeous banner, who whispers persuasively in our ear, 'D'ye want to make a pot o' money? Well, 'ere's the Great King tipster ; never known to make a mistake; works by mesmerism and clair voyance. Give us one trial.' Here's a red faced man excitedly telling others, 'Yus, an' ho 'it me in the eye and bashed my 'at in. Look at that 'at ; it was new yisterday, and now it's rocned.' ' Well, Fd knocked 'im inter little pieces,' says one. 'Sol did,' is the alarming reply. As the horses come out into the course, with their coats shining like satin, the people in th6 stand rise to their feet, and the babel of voices gets louder as remarks of admiration pass to and fro. They go to the post, and the start is eagerly watched, some impatient ones mutter ing, ' Wy don't 'e start 'em — I would,' when Mr. Watson brings the fraotious ones back into line. ''8h, they're off,' ejaculated hundreds of voices, and immediately the yells of the b -okies cease as they turn round and crane their heads forward to watch the race. There is almost a silence as the horses come into the straight, which is broken by the desperate yells' of some boohie' who is offering what he considers a fabulous chance. Then, as the onlookers recognise the positions of the horses a roar begins, which grows till it resembles a thunderclap, each shouting the name of the horse he fancies will win till they pass the post, and then it dies away to the same buzz and clatter as before. Thus each race, and as on the hill, so on the fiat, where thousands elbow and jostle each other and crane their necks to witness the running. To all this bustle, excite ment, and noiee the lawn presents a most decorous contrast. Here-*we have the best people in the land promenading in gay attire. The Governor and his lady, with visiting Governors and their families from the other colonies, and many other distinguished guests. The Premier and members of both Houses of Parliament are to be seen here, as well as tbe leading members of the learned professions. The lawn with its flower beds and borders and its fountains in full play presents a very pleasing appearance, and when tbe eyes are lifted to the grand stands crowded with handsomely-dressed fashion ables, numbering thousands upon thousands, it can be said in perfect safety that in no other quarter of the world can a similar sight be witnessed. Another Melbourne Gap has been lost and won, and again has a horse who a few days since was supposed to be lame annexed the much-coveted prize. Though not such an out sider as Zulu, Patron had been almost aban doned by his friends, and at one time was re garded as a probable non-starter, bub he recu perated in a remarkable manner, and although he lett the post at prices ranging from 25 to 33 to 1 yet he galloped home a winner, and completed his two miles journey like a racehorse. Before dealing with the race, however, it is necessary to begin with the weather, which opened fine and augured well for the day's sport. Later on the sky became overcast and about 2 pm. there was a sprinkle of rain which, however, passed off, and the remainder of the afternoon, though not bright, was mild and pleasant, and the well-groomed men and modistely made-up women were fortunately enabled to preserve their toilettes intact) and to indulge in the lawn promenade up to the latest moment. Comparing the crowd with Exhibition year it was nob the largest on record, but the attendance was cer tainly greater than last year. The grand stands were filled prior to the hour of noon, and just before the big race ladies were standing six deep along the top row, and many com plaining that they had no chance of seeing what was going on. The hill was closely covered with sightseers, and we never saw more people present on the flat. The most gratifying featnre of the day's proceedings was that the rain kept off, as Monday was a most miserable day, and had anything like the same weather prevailed it would have spoiled the pleasure of thousands. As usual it was a most orderly and good tempered gathering, and except to those who lost more money than they could afford it must have been a very pleasurable outing. The viceregal party arrived in open carriages with po3tillions. The Misses Duff, Mr. H. Duff, Miss G. Norman, and - Lady Fielding came out by train, attended by some of the suite. Amongst those in the viceregal box were Lord and Lady Hopetoun, Viscount and Viscountess Gorman etoni Lady Norman, liord Kintore, Sir P. P. Fielding, Sir W.F. C. Robinson, Sir R. and Lady Duff, Mr. Daff, Mr. K. Duff, the Hon. Mr& Candy, Mies Bowden-Smith, and the various Governors and their suites. The costumes of the ladies 'to-day were more fin de siecle than on Derby Day, and in some cases it only wanted the neth6r garments to be worn to make it a toss-up abouO distinguishing the sex of the individual. There were women in Eton jackets, swallow-tail coats, tweeds, Tattersall's vestingg, bishop's sleeves, shirt fronts, vests and ties, and head coverings of every style. Certainly the dude element was largely in evidence, and 'Johnnies' wore coats with tails nearly touching the ground, and shook hands with a series of jerks and the craning of necks and protrusion of the back peculiar to the ostrich. The lah-de-dah air was the latest from Bond- street, and the culchawed young colonial is fast proving his fitness to be mistaken for the brainless Johnny of the old country. The gathering was. more motley than on Derby Day, and with more show there was less good taste in style and attire. The ladies who best deserve recognition for their toilettes were: — Lady Hopetoun — Pink and brown check silk, trimmed with bright pink and black lace, smart black shoulder cape, black and gold hat, trimmed with pink ; Lady Duff — Corded silk of greenish grey, trimmed with cream silk, and bonnet en suite; Lady Norman wore her Derby dress of green silk, with bows, trimmed with blue and red flowers ; Viscountess Gor manston— Yellow satin, trimmed with pink chiffon and black lace, black lace hat with black plumes ; Miss Grace Norman — Heliotrope dreBs with black satin sleeves, straw hat trimmed with black and pink ;' Miss Bowden-Smifch — Yellow pinspot muslin over yellow silk, black-and-yellow hat ; Miss Duff — Fawn tweed costume, white bat trimmed with fawn ; Miss Heather Duff — Pale-blue erepon trimmed with twine lace, hat trimmed witn brown-colored chiffon and pale blue; Lady Fielding — Check silk, trimmed with green satin, black moire, and guipure laeer black bat trimmed with black and green ; the Hon. Mrs. Candy — Heliotrope and gold silk, profusely trimmed with black laoe, black bonnet with heliotrope ; Mrs. Ivo Bligh — Handsome Parisian toilette ; Lady Madden — Stylish half-mourning costume ; Lady Wil liams'—Grey and black Bilk ; Lady Berry — Amethyst costume; Mrs. Holroyd — Myrtle- green silk ; Mrs. Helathorne — White crepe de-chene bodice of black accordeon-pleated chiffon over white. silk; Mrs. Burrell — Tailor- made black-and-white check; Mrs. Edwin Austin — Black striped beaded silk grenadine ; Miss M. Robertson, of Mount Mitchell— Black- and-white check moire silk; Mrs. Rupert Carrington— Cream-spotted muslin over cream lace ; Mrs. McBryde — Fawn Amazon cloth ; Miss W. R. Wilson — Fawn cloth/trimmed elec tric velveb-and guipure lace ; Miss May Wilson — Pale-green and white silk striped erepon ; Mrs. W. H. Croker— Shot pink and green miroir moire; M.rs. Balls Head ley — Silver- grey and pink shot brocade ; Mrs. G. E. Porter — Biaek grenadine over heliotrope satin ; Miss K. Campbell — Cinnamon-brown erepon trimmed with pink velvet ; Miss J. Camp bell — Fawn erepon ; Miss Hyland, of Warr nambool— Pink silk, trimmed with real Maltese lace J and ribbons ; Miss Nellie Stewart — White; Mrs. R. Clarke— Black aud helio trope silk. In the viceregal luncheon-room the picture of St. Simon, by Mark Gawen, presented by Mr. W. R. Wilson, was much admired. The viceregal party were entertained as usual by the club, and the carriage paddock was filled with luncheon parties. The atten dance is stated at about 80,000. The card opened with the Hurdle Race, there being 13 starters. Vanity was the favorite, but the journey was too far for her, and Figaro won from Favor and the Duke of Kent, the winner starting at 10 to L Apsley aud Ebor both fell or the result would have been different. The Railway Handicap saw a field of 21 go to the post, Briton being favorite and Piiatus next in request. This was won by a length by Ilium, by Albany — Helena, a 10 to 1 chance. Seventeen went out for the Nursery Handicap, with Cornelius favorite, but Mr. David James's filly Auraria stayed gallantly under the whip, and made a dead heat with Maie, the owners agreeing to divide. Both were 10 to 1 chances. The Kensington Stakes supplied the only viotory of a favorite in Killiecrankie, who touched even money, and won hard held from Strange Device and Sabina. The winner was sold to Mr. C. M. Lloyd for 180' eovs. ,? Eighteen started for the Yan Yean Stakes, and Idolater and Escapade were; most fancied, but the winner turned up in Foxtail, who beat Egyp tus and Escapade for places. Foxtail was another 10 to 1 chance. Before the Cup much surprise was caused by the scratching of Loyalty, but Mr. D. O'Brien said he would nob let his horse go chasing Euecalf, and now he may be sorry at his deci sion. The going was much better than could have been expected from yesterday's rain, and the anticipations formed last night were there fore thrown out of gear. The first to appear was Preston ; he, Tim SwiveHer, The Golden King, and Ruenalf did their preliminaries while the others were filing out. Although the starting machine was used Mr. Watson was ten minutes in getting them away through the horses turning their heads in the wrong direction, but the rope gate was raised at last to a capita] start, and the big field was loudly cheered as they thundered past the stand. Ruenalf was well up with the leading division, and always held a good place in the race to the turn for the straight , where Devon collided with him and threw him out of his stride. Nada also kept well forward, and Bruin ran very gamely, but Carnage was never prominent, and Ttm Swiveller and Tridentate were in the ruck. Port Admiral and Lord Randolph were the whippers in. Patron, who was at one time nearly last, came gallantly up when called upon by Dawes, and when he entered the straight on terms with Devon and Nada, Dawes states he felt confident he would achieve a victory. After he had shaken off Patron'B brother, Ruenalf, the son of Grand Flaneur — Olera responded faithfully to his rider's efforts, and amidst great excitement was declared the winner of the big event by three-quarters of a length, a neck only sepa rating Devon from Nada, and Bruin was another neck away fourth. The top weight, Paris, was fifth, Chesterman sixth, Preston seventh, Pilob Boy eighth, Taranaki ninth, and Ruenalf tenth. Then came- Tridentate, Havoc, Carnage, and- the others. The time is only 2£ sec. more than the record. Mr. Purohes is fortunate in hav ing two such horses as Patron and Portsea. The St. Albans stable were nearly successful in landing a coup with Nada, whom they backed to win £25,000. The rider of Patron is a son of Chiffney, Dawes, who won the third Melbourne Cup on Banker. He first raced into prominence with Gulliver in the Port Adelaide Cup. He says there was plenty of racing left in Patron, and he only had to shake him up and put the whip on his shoulder and he answered with remarkable gamenens. Sir. E. Keya lodged a complaint againrt Robson, who rode Devon, for interfer ing with Ruenalf, but it was dismissed. Details of the racing are appended — HUBDLE EACE. A handicap of 250 sovs. Second horse to receive 50 and the third 25 sovs. out of the stake. About three miles. Messrs. Ritchie & Gill's b h Figaro, by Paris— Fun, 5 yrs., 10 st. 3 lo. (A. Fergusson) ? 1 Mr. C. Field's b g Favour, 6 yrs., 11 st. 6 lb. (Carey) ? 2 Mr. A. H. Lewis's br h Duke of Kent, 6 yrs., 10 st. 101b. (T. Fergusson) ? 3 Mr. J. E. Brewer's br g Ebor, aged, 13 st. 1 lb. (Gardner) ? 0 Mr. T. P. Manifold's b g Apsley, 6 yrs., 12 st. 7 lb. (Barbour) ? ... 0 Mr. S. H. Gollan's dun g Kimberley, aged, LI st. 7 lb. (Hickey) ? 0 Mr. E. Key's eh m Slomach, aged, 11 st. 2 lb. (Underwood) ? 0 Mr. S. Miller's ch hGoldreef, aged, 11 sfe. 2 (Robertson) ? 0 Mr. J. W. Edge's b g Bill, 6 yrs., 10 st. 10 lb. (Edge) ... ? ? 0 Mr. R. Orr's oh h Bischoff, aged, 10 st. 10 lb. (Murphy) ? 0 Mr. R. H. Frear's r m Vanity, aged, 9 st. 8 lb. (J. E. Brewer) ? 0 Mr. W. H. J. Lloyd's b g Lord Lynne, aged, 9 st. 5 lb. (McGowan) ? 0 Mr. J. Hutchinson's b g Common, 6 yrs., 9 st. 6 lb., including 61b. over (Allen) ... 0 Betting— 3 to 1 against Vanity, 4 Apsley, 8 Figaro and Favor, 10 to 1 Ebor, tSiomach, Kim berley, and Goldreef. A good Btart was effected and the first to show were Goldreef, Bischoff, Favour, Vanity, Kimberley, Slomaoh, and Bill, with Duke of Kent last. Favour took command out of the straight, with Goldreef and Figaro weJl up, the others beine bunohed. The same order was maintained at the back, where Apsley fell. At the abbat toirs Kimberley led, with Goldreef and Lord Lynne next. Ebor came to grief opposite the sheds. Past: the stand Lord Lynne was in command, with Goldreef, Figaro, and S'omach next, with Kimberley, Vanity, and The Duke of Kent following. At tbe river side Lord Lynne was leading from Figaro, Goidreef, and Favour, whilst Vanity struck heavily and nearly fell. Slomach Bischoff, and the Duke of Kent were in tbe r6ar. At the back of the course the seoond time round Figaro led from Lord Lynne, Goldreef, Favour, and Vanity, the fDuke of Kent going up fast from Bill, Kimberley, and Bisohoff. Entering the straight Figaro led from Favour, with Slomach making a sbrong run, followed by the Duke of Keno. At the distance Figaro came away three lengths from Favour and the'Duke of Kent, who were racing for position. Figaro won by four lengths, a ehorfc head separating Favour from The Duke of Kent. Lord Lynne was fourth, Bill fiftb ; then came Kimberley, Goldreef, Bischoff, and Slomach. Time, 6 min. 1J sec. RAILWAY HANDICAP Of 200 sovs. Second horse to receive 40 and the third 20 bovb. out of the stake. For three years-old and upwards. Six furlongs. Sir. F. HowelTs ch m Ilium, by Albany — Helena, 6 yrs., 7 st. 11 lb. (A. Smith) ... 1 Mr. D- O'Brien's br c Philson, 3 yrs., 7 st. (A. Luokman) ? 2 Hon. G. Davis's b h Damper, 4 yrs., 7 st. 1 lb. (Stevanson) ? 3 Mr. B. Power's bl h Warpaint, 5 yrs., 9 st. 6 lb. (E. Power) ? 0 Mr. J. Bennett's c h Euroka, 6 yrs., 9 st. (P. Hickey) ? 0 Mr. I. T. Carslake's b h Sainfoin, 6 yrs., 8 st. 10 lb. (Dawes) ... ? 0 Mr. S. H. Gollan's b m Bessie Macar thy, 4 yre., 8 st. 8 lb. (Morrison) ? 0 Mr. F. O'Donnell's b h Tyroonnell, 8 st. 7 lb. (T. Sanders) ? - ? 0 Mr. T. E. Barr-Smith's b c De3fciny, 3 yrs., 8 st. 5 lb. (T. Morgan) ? 0 Mr. J. Redfearn's ch g Marusa, 3 yrs., 8 Bt. 5 lb. (Cusdin) ? 0 Mr. D. S. Wallace's br mGaillardia, 5 yrs., 8 st. 3 lb. (Parker) ? 0 Mr. E. Key's bl g Ebony, aged, 8 st. 2 lb. (Moran) ? 0 Mr. S. Miller's ch g Wilton, 5 yrs., 8 st. 2 lb. (A. Sanders) ? 0 Mr. T. Cawker's b g Erl King, 6 yrs., 8 st. 1 lb. (G. Robson) ? 0 Mr. W. R- Wilson's br g Piiatus, 4 yrs., 8 st. (F. Jenkins) ? 0 Mr. J. Turnbull's g g Eiridsforde, 3 yrs., 7 et. 13 lb. (Jno. Gough) ? 0 Mr. W. A. Filgate's br or bl m Disparitv, 5 yrs., 7 Bt. 12 lb. (F. Robson) ;.. '... 0 Mr. S. LazaruB's ch g Briton, aged, 7 st. 101b. (Ivemy) ? 0 Mr. S. G. Cook's b f The Merry Girl, 3 yrs., 6 Bt. 7 lb. (Shrimpton) ? 0 Mr. J. R. Crooke's b h Prologue, 4 yrs., 6 st. 71b. (A. Romm) ? 0 Mr. G. A. Atkinson's br o Dunlie, 3 yrs., 6 st. 7 lb. (Jos. Hayes) ... , ? 0 Betting — 3 to 1 against Briton, 6 Damper, 7 Piiatus, 8 Ebony and Erl King, 10 Eurolca, Ilium, Gaillardia, Eiridsforde, and Disparity. Starting by the machine, the field gob wall off in a line, The Merry Girl being the first to ehow from Wiiton, Erl King, Piiatus, and Eiridsford, with Briton on the outside coming fast. At the distance Philson led from Ilium, who was going strongly, with Damper, Eiridsforde, ~' Marusa, and Briton in close attendance. From this place Ilium kept up the fast run, passed the others, Philson being unable to stall her off, and she won by a length, with a neck between Philson and Damper, who came strongly at the finish. Wilton was fourth, Briton fifth, Eiridaforde sixth, and then came Marusa] and the others. Time, 1 min. 18^ sec. KENSINGTON STAKES. Of 300 sovs. For two-years-old — colts, 8 at. 5 lb.; allies and geldings, 8 st. The winner to be bold for nil. Five furlongs. Mr. C. L. Balfour's b c Killiecrankie, by Loehiel — Constance (Huxley) ? 1 Mr. F. MuBgrave's br f Strange Device, by Escutsheon — Excelsior (Thompson) ... 2 Mr. W. T. Jones's b f Sabrina, by The Englishman — Sybil (An win) ? 3 Mr. F. W. Purehes's bf Carlobba, by Carlyon — Tuberose (H. G. Da wee) ? 0 Mr. R. Barr-smith's ch c Beauharnais, by Gang Forward — Josephine (Jaa. Gough) 0 Mr. S. S. Miller's b f Erie, by Chatterer — Tarraek ((Pearson) ? 0 Mr. S. Miller's br f Vichy, by Glorious — Warloo (Sanders) ? 0 Mr. J. Patereon's h f Ursa, by Neckersgat — Ursula (Dickinson) ... ? 0 Betting — 5 to 4 on Killiecrankie, 7 to 2 Sabrina, 6 to 1 Carlotta, 8 Vichy and Strange Device, 10 to 1 Beauharnais and others. Eris and Vichy were the first colors seen, then Killieorankie, Carlotta, and Ursa. They raced in this order till coming into the course proper, where Eris and Viohv were in front, the favorite still being in third position. From this out Killiecrankie took command, and Strange Device ran up into, second place, with Sabrina, Beauharnais, Eris, and Vichy forming the next division, and Urea last. At the distance tbe favorite still led, and fairlyrompedawayfromtheothers, winning by four lengths from btrange Device, who was three lengths ahead of Sabrina. Carlotta was fourth, Eris and Vichy nexo, and Beauharnais and Ursa the last pair. Time, 1 min. 6i sec. MELBOURNE CUP. A handicap of 5,000 sovs. Seoond horse to receive 1,000 and the third 500 sovs. out of the stake. After the declaration of the weights for this race, the winner of any handicap flat race entitling the owner to receive a prize value over 100 sovs. shall carry such penalty (if any) or cumulative penalties as the handi capper may from time to time impose and declare, provided that the winner of the A. J.C or V.R.C. Derby of 1S94 Bhall carry in this race not less than 7 st. 6 lb. (135 Subs.) Mr. W. F. Purohes'B oh h Patron, 4 yrs., by Grand Flaneur— Olga, 9 st. 5 lb. (H. G. Dftwes) ? 1 ,(Black, red Beams, and cap). Mr. J. Paterson's br h Devon, 5 yrs., by Musk Rose— The West, including 7 lb. penalty, 7 st. 12 lb. (G. Robaon) ? 2 (Green, green- and-yellow cap). Mr. W. R. Wilson's b m Nada, 4 yrs., by Trenton-Tuberose, 7 st. (H. J.Morrison) 3 (White, cardinal seams and cap). Mrs. H. C. White'B b g Paris, aged, by Grandmaster — Enone, including 7 lb. penalty, 9 at. 12 lb. (J. Fielder) ? 0 (Scarlet, white cross and cap). Mr. W. Blackler'a b h Port Admiral, 6 yrs., by Richmond— Footstep, 9 Bt. 5 lb. (C. Quinn) ? 0 (Blue, white sleeves and cap). Mr. H. Oxenham's b g Pilot Boy, 6 yrs., by Gozo (imp.)— Kathleen, 9 st. 5 lb. (W. Delaney) ... ? 0 (Violet, gold stripes, violet cap). Mr. W. R. Wilson's ch h Carnage, 4 yrs., by Nordenfeldt— Mersey, 9 st. 2 lb. (Jas. Gough) ? 0 (White, cardinal seams, and cap). Mr. 3. Cripps's b h Tareoola, aged, by Newminster— Imogene, S sb. 13 lb. (E. Power) ? 0 (Blue, gold spobs, and cap). Mr. J. Mayo's br m Lady Trenton, 5 yra., by Trenton — Black Swan, S st. 11 (Williams) ? 0 (Black, blue sash, and cap). Mr. W. Kelso's br g Newman, 6 yrs., by Newminster, 8st. 3 lb. (C. Parker) ... 0 (Cerise, black sleeves, and cap). Mr. W. T. Jones's b h Lord Randolph, 5 yrs., by Newminster — Primrose, 8 st. 2 lb. (Symone) ? 0 (Black and yellow diamonds). Mr. J. Brown's b m Nightingale, aged, by Somnus (imp.)— Goldfinch, 7 st. 13 lb. (Bridges) ? 0 (Brown, blue sleeves and cap). Mr. D. Deniehy's b h Ronda, 5 yrs., by Trenton— Mona, 7 st. 12 lb. (Jno. Gough) 0 (Crimson, white sleeves and cap). Mr. K. A. Miller's ch h Tridentate, 5 yrs., by Trident — Allie, 7 st. 11 lb. (R. Ramage) ? 0 (Cardinal, black sleeves and cap). Hon. G. Davis's b h Tim Swiveller, by Swiveller-^Burlesque, 7 st. 10 lb. (C. Moore) ? 0 (Brown, rose cap). Mr. W. R. Wilson's ch c Havoc, 4 yrs., by Nordenfeldfc — Frailty, 7 so. 10 lb. (T. Sanders) ? 0 (White, cardinal seamB and cap). Mr. L T. Carslake's b h Straighttire, 5 yrs., by Grand Flaneuir — Crossfire, 7 st. 8 lb. (T. Daiby) ? 0 (Scarlet, black cap). Mr. E. Shiels's b h Bruin, 4 yre., by Neckersgat— Ursula, 7 st. 8 lb. (Sbeven son) ? 0 (Black, cardinal seams and cap). Messrs. Bailey and Orr's b h Dreamland, 3 yra., by Trenton— Nightmare, 7 st. 8 lb.(Tierney) ? 0 (Black, red sash, white cap). Mr. W. T. Jones's br or bk h Capstan, 5 yrs., by Sheet Anchor — Commerce, 7 st. 8 lb. (C. Ivemy) f ? 0 (Biaok and yellow diamonds). Mr. E. Key's b h' Ruenalf, 5 yrs., by Grand Flaneur-Olga, 7 et. 7 lb. (H. Moran) ? , ? 0 (Brown, gold sleeves and cap). Mr. T. Wilson's .b g The Golden King, 6 yrs., by King of the Ring — Naomi, 7 st. (J. Orr) ? 0 (White, blue collar, cuffs, and cap). Mr. S. Miller's br c Preston, 3 yrs., by Robinson Crusoe — Blue Eyes, 6 st. 131b., (Pearson) ? 0 (Red, rad-and-white sleeves and cap). Mr. C. M. Lloyd's br c Malachite, 3 yra., by Chester — Moonstone, 6 st. 12 lb. (Gardner) ? 0 (Black, yellow sleeves, white cap). Hon. D. S. Wallace's br o Dryden, 3 yrs., by Mentor — Duenna, 6 at. 12 ib. (Shrimpton) ? 0 (Biack, white sleeves, scarlet cap). Mr. J. Mayo's br g ^Eolus, 3 yrs., by Goldsbrough— Whirlwind, 6 st. 12 lb. (T. Cook) ? 0 (Black, blue sash and cap). Mr. S. West's b h Taranaki, 4 yrs., by Albury— Axiom, 6 st. 11 lb. (McFar lane) ? ... 0 (Biaok, blue sash, black- and blue cap). Mr. J. B. Clark's br e Chesterman, 3 yrs., by Chester — Episode 6 st. 8 lb. (Luckman) ? 0 (Brown, pink sleeves). BErTING. 2\ to 1 against Ruenalf. 7 to 1 Tim Swi velier. 8 to 1 Nada. 8 to 1 Tridentate. 14 to 1 Ronda. 20 to 1 Devon. 20 to 1 Carnage. 20 to 1 Malachite. 25 to 1 Chesterman* 25 to 1 Nightingale. 25 to 1 iEolus. 25 to 1 Bruin. 33 to 1 Newman. 33 to 1 Patron. 33 to 1 Straightfire. 50 to 1 Tarooola. 50 to 1 Paris. 50 to 1 Lady Trenton. 50 to 1 Lord Randolph. 50 to 1 Havoc. 50 to 1 The Golden King. 66 to 1 Port Admiral. 65 to 1 Dreamland. 100 to 1 Preston. 100 to 1 Taranaki. 100 to i Pilot Boy. 100 to | Dryden. The starting machine was used. Pilot Boy, Havoc, Ronda, and Chesterman were on the inside ; Bruin, Golden King, Nada, Lord Ran dolph, and Malachite, in the centre; Paris and Devon on the outside ; and Taranaki, Capstan, Patron, and Ruenalf on the extreme outside. A delay of a few minutes occurred, when the ropes flew up and all sailed away in a line, the first to break it being Ronda and Ruenalf, and then oame Taranaki on the inside, Patron and Chesterman. Coming to the tan Preston showed prominently from Malachiteand Patron who was going well within himself. Then came Nada, Ruenalf, Bruin, Taranaki, Ronda, and Havoc on the outside. Past the stand Ruenalf, Pilot Boy, Preston, Malachite and Nada formed the leading division, with Bruin, Carnage, and Taranaki, Patron having eased and occupying the last position. Going round the bend Ruenalf led from Dreamland, with Malachite, Taranaki, Bruin, Nada, Car nage, Preston, Devon, Paris, and Triden tate. At the bridge Ruenalf was still leading, and Port Admiral was running last. Ronda, Taranaki, Malachite, and Wilson's three were prominent here, and Patron was going up with Paris. At the back Ruenalf led by half a length frcm Taranaki, Capstan. Bruip, Ronda, Devon, and Pilot Boy, who were in the van, Lord Randolph and Port Admiral slacking off. At the sheds Taranaki headed Ruenalf, and then came Bruin, Carnage, Devon, and Nada. Ruenalf challenged Tarauaki at tbe turn and headed him. Racing to the turn for home Devon shot out and joined the favorite, with Taranaki, Nada, and Patron coming up strong from the others in a bunch. In this order they came into the straight, Patron on the out sid-j challenging Ruenalf and cutting him down. Devon now showed so prominen tly that he was hailed as the winner, but Nada and Patron came with a tremendous rush, Bruin going strongly at their heels. Amidst tremen dous excitement Patron gradually forged ahead, wore the others down, andaltbough whips were out on Devon and Nada they were unable to reachPatron, who won by three partsof alengtb, a neck separating Devon from Nada, who was only a neck in front of Bruin, who was placed fourth. Then followed Paris, Chesterman, PreBton, Pilot Boy, and Ruenalf, Taranaki, Havoc, -^olus, Malachite, and Carnage, the whippers in being Port Admiral and Lord Randolph who was absolutely last. Time, 3 min. 31 sec WIKNBBS OF THE MELBOURNE CUP. Yr. Owner. Winner. A Wgt. S. Rider. T. y. st.lb 1861 De Mestre Archer .. 59 7 ITCutts.. ..3 62 1862 Do MesVre Archer .. 6 (0 2 20 Cutts.. .. 3 it 1863 Harper .. Banker .. S 5 4 ! Chifney .. 3 44 1864 H. Fisher Lantern . . 3 6 3 19 Davis . . 3 52 1865 Marshall Tory boy., a 7 0 23 Kavanagh 3 44 186C J. Tait .. The Barl- 3 6 11 2b W. Davis .. 3 43 1867 De Mestre T. Whiffler 5 8 11 27 Driscoll .. 3 39 186SJ. Tait ..Gleneoe.. 49 1 25 Stanley ..3 42 1869Saqui ..Warrior.. 6 8 10 26 Morrison .. 3 40 1S70 W. Craig Nimbtf oot a 6 3 2S Day . . . . 3 37 1871 J. Tait . . The Pearl 5 7 3 23 Cavanagh 3 39 1872 J. Tait .. The Quack 6 7 1C ii W.Endersu 3 39 1873 Johnson Don Juan 4 6 12 U W. Wilson 3 S6 1874 Ghirnside Haricot.. 46 7 IS P. Pigot . . 337* 1875 Sharp . . Wollomai 6 7 8 20 R. Batty . . 3 38 1876 J. Wilson Briseis .. 3 6 4 33 St. Albans 336£ 1877 J. White Chester .. 3 6 12 33 P. Pigott 33M 1878 OeMestre Calamia.. 58 2 30 T. Brown.. 3353 1879 Rawlinson Darri well 57 4 27 Cracknell.. 330J 188U W.A.LongG. Flaneur 3 6 10 22 T. Hales .. 334 1 1881 M'Donnell Zulu .. 4 5 10 33 Gough ..3324 1882 J.E. Savill Assyrian 5 7 13 26 Hutchins.. 3 40 18S3 J. White.. Martini H. 37 5 29 Williamsor 330J 1884 J.O.Inglis Malua .. 59 0 24 Robertson 33l| USS'-1^11-81^, ft7 11 35 M. O'Brien 329$ 1886 W.Gannon Arsenal .. 4 7 6 28 English _ 3 31 1387 KDonovaG Dunlop _ 68 3 18 danders _ 328J 188s DSWallaee Mentor ..4 8 3 * O'Brien 330| 1889 W T Jonea Bravo . 68 I ffl anwin _ Wih 189t' D*Wa!l*fie Carbine _ * 10 6 39 «lMn»se . . 328} 1891 JEedfearn Malvolio 4 8 4 34 G. Eedfearn 329i 1S92 Carmody Gleoloth 5 7 13 35 Robson 3 3(i 1893 J.LewisnsTarcoola a 8 4 3o H. Cripps 33(i 1834 g. Purches Patron 4 9 fi 28 Dawea „ 3 3J NUESEBT HANDICAP. Of 200 sova. Second horse to receive 40 and the third 20 sovs. out of the Btake. For two-year-olds. Five furlongs. Mr. D. JameB'e br f Auraria, by Trenton — Aura, 8 st. 101b. (Smith) ? + Mr. P. T. Heywood'g bl f Maie, by Escut cheon — Lady Elizabeth, 7 st. 8 lb. (Darby) f Mr. F. Fountain's b c Lead On, by Dunlop — Progressive, 7 st. 5 lb. (Fuseo) ? 3 Mr. S. Hordern's br or bl f Miss Nora, by Nordenfeldt— Lady Nora, 8 at. 8 lb. (Tierney) ? 0 Mr. S. G. Cootfs b f The Parisienne, by Trenton— Marie Louise, 8 st. 8 lb. (C. Moore) ? 0 Mr. S. Miller's b f Hera, by Glorious — Pyrette, 7 et. 7 lb. (Sanders) ? 0 Mr. S. Hordern's b c Cravat, by CaBtor (imp.) — Necklace, 8 st. 7 lb. (Delainey) ... 0 Mr. W« T. Jones's ch g Acton,, by Martini Henri — Acme, 8 st. 5 lb. (Power) ... 0 Mr. S. G. Cook's bo The Merry Boy, by Trenton— Mars, S st 3 lb. (T. Sanders) 0 Messrs. Griffiths and Powell's b t Alveary, by Eiridspoid— Queen Bee, 8 st. 2 lb. (C. Foon) ? 0 Mr. W. T. Jones's br f Gwnfyd, by New minster — Happy Land (An win) ? 0 Mr. J. Mc8we6ney's bi or br f Akarini, by Mentor— Mitrailleuse, 7 et. 9 lb. (H. Moran) ? ? 0 Messrs. Bailey & Orr's ch c Onward, by Gang Forward— Haidee, 7 fit. 6 lb. (Luckman) ... ... ... ... ... 0 Mr. J. Turnbull's b or br f Creel, by Carbine — Fishwife, 7 et 4 1b. (Walker) ? 0 Mr. W. R. Wilson's b f Balance, by Tren ton — See Saw, 7 st. 1 lb. (Morrison) ... 0 Mr. T. Hales's br c Cornelius, by Auehen darroch — Cornelian, 6 st. 12 lb. (Steven son) ? 0 Mr. J. Wilson's, jun., b f Phyllis, by Tren ton— Yardley (imp.), 6 st. 7 lb. (S. Smith) 0 | Dead heat. Betting — 5 to 2 against Cornelius, 4 to 1 Akarini, 5 Alveary, 8 Acton, 10 each Maie and Auraria. When dispatched Hera cut out the running intotbestraight, where Auraria challenged him, and they led in the centre of the course. Darby then brought Maie with a great run in front of the stand, and after a slashing set- to a dead heat between Me. James's filly and Maie re sulted. Three lengths away Lead On, who came with a late run, was third, Cravat fourth, Acton fifth, Balance sixth, and the rest in a bunch. Time, 1 miD. 5 see. The owners divided. v TAN YEAN STAKES. A handicap of 200 sovs. Second horse to receive 40 and the third 20 sovs. out of the stake. For three-year-olds and upwards. One mile. Mr. P. T. Heywood's ch h Foxtail, by Robinson Crusoe — Umilta, 5 yra., 8 st. 12 lb. (J. Robson) ? 1 Mr. J. Lynch's ch h ^Hgypfcus, 6 yrs., 7 st. 12 lb. (T. Sanders) ? 2 Mr. J. B. Clark's br m Escapade, 5 yrs., 8 st. 10 lb. (Luckman) ? 3 Mr. J. H. Davis's b h Fortunatus, G yra., 9 st. 13 lb. (Shaw) ? 0 Mr. H. Oxenham's ch h Solanum, 4 yrs., 9 Bt. 2 lb. (Delainey) ? 0 Mr. A. E. Weights b g J5, aged, 8 st. 12 'lb. (Morrison) ? 0 Mr. H. A. Klemmer's b h Brilliant, 5 yrs., 8 st. 61b. (Huxley) ... ? 0 Mr. F. Fountain's br h Miraeuleux, 4 yrs., 8 st. 4 lb. (Ramago) ? 0 Mr. P. Russell's oh c Idolater, 5 yrs., 8 st. 21b. (Ivemy) ? 0 Mr. C. Krushka's bl h Amadeus, 4 yrs., S st. 1 lb. (Power) ? 0 Mr. W. Clare's br h Music, 4 yrs., 8 Bt. (SfcebbiDgs) ? 0 Mrs. H. O. White's ch e Atlas, S yrs.. 8 st. (Jas. Gough) ? 0 Mr. W. Bailey's br c Question, 3 yrs., 7 st. 5 lb. (Stevenson) ? 0 Hon. D. S. Wallace's g m Taapo, 4 yrs., 7 st. (dfarimptoc) ... ... ... ... 0 Mr. C. Denia'a b pr Matai, 4 yrs., 7 st. (Thomson) ? 0 Mr. H. Power's b f Athata, 3 yrs., 7 st. (Bridges) ? 0 Mr. G. Woodford's b h Scrip, 6 yrs., 6 Bt. 9 lb. (Power) ? 0 Mr. J. N. McArthur's ch c Seagirt, 3 yrs., 0 et. 7 lb. (Cook) ... ? 0 Batting — 5 to 1 against Idolater, 6 Solanum, 8 Scrip and Amadeus, 10 to 1 Foxtail and others. A strangling start was effected without the machine. Solanum led from Scrip and Matai, the others being bunohed, with Athata last. Going round the back Mafcai, Scrip, ^Egyptus, and Solanum were leading, Escapade being well up, and Athata in close attendance. Into the straight the order was iEgyptus, Solanum, Athata, Matai, Fortunatus, and Foxtail, who came up from the rear. At the half distance post Fox tail and -3Cgyptus were fighting for supremacy, with Escapade battling it out with them. After a desperate set-to they finished in this order, Foxtail winning by a short half length, there being two lengths between second and third. Then came Fortunatus, Atlas, Scrip, Amadeus, Music, and the others. Time, 1 miu. 42f see. 