LOCAL NEWS. Fortunate Escapes.— Yesterday afternoon a / cabman named R. D. Brown was the victim of too mishaps from which he fortunately emerged almost BCfttheleaa. He was at Campbell's Hill in charge of his handsom when the names on the horse attached to the vehicle became disarranged, with the result ? that the animal bolted. Brown held on so long as he co-n'd, but was then pulled off and the cab was unset, but neither man or conveyance was injured. Later in the evening, and in the midst of darkness and rain Brown mounted ashed some ten or twelve feet high in order to get some forage for the equine offender when he missed his footing and descended to terra Anna, in a decidedly sudden if somewhat ungraceful manner, but again his luck stuck to him, and mud stained clothing was the only result of his fall. 'The Green Lanes of England.' — Several people who were not too depressed by the prospects and expectations of a flood were in a somewhat facetious mood last evening, and with 3 humour that was excruciatingly funereal in character rung the changes on the fact that Dampier was an nounced to produce 'The Green Lanes of England' in the Town Hall and that damp here was produc ing the nvuddy streets of Maitland all over the town. However Mr. Alfred Dampier and his clever ? following did not open the doors for public patron age, for the rain was sufficient to prevent the 'ghost from walking,' and so the public lost a treat, and the popular company doubtless lost the price of several. As the season only extended over one evening, the company began its somewhat ad venturous journey towards Sydney thia morning. Death of an Old District Resident. — We of Buchanan, who died at hid residence on Saturday, 24fch ult. Mr. Burke was 57 years of age, and a native of this district. Deceased had been ailing for some time of a disease which finally terminated in death. He was a well-known figure in sporting circles and business reBorts, a man of kindly dispo sition, an obliging neighbour, and a firm friend. At the funeral, which took place on Monday, was a large gathering of relations and friends assembled to pay their last tribute of respect to the memory of the departed. Deceased was interred in the Boman Catholic Cemetery, Maitland. Trustees WoLLOHBi Common. — The member for the district has been informed that Messrs. George Chapman, J.P., Giles Bourne, E. Bourne, John Coady, and D. Kenny, sen., have been appointed trustees of the Town Common at 'Wollombi. Thh Pope on Church Music. — Leo XIII. (says the Eome correspondent of the Chronicle) has re solved to promulgate his views on church muaic in the form of a pastoral. The pontifical document is the result of a consultation of all the authorities of Christendom, lay and ecclesiastical, on the subject. The answers to the Pope's list of Questions are nearly all in favovir of plain or Gregorian chant, ' and of the higher forms adopted by Palestrina, Vit toria, Soriano, and others. No women in choirs, and no theatrical music like that of Haydn, Mozart, or Weber, may be looked upon as the Pnpal ideal. ?uci* -o.jL.i.,1. iino jluuuu weny u^juu uuu huujucu m uis refined and dignified way. 'Imagine,' he once said, ' St. Augustine — the African one— confessing that his heart had been touched by high notes and . fiddles.' The repetition of words is another fea . ture objected to by this lettered pontiff, who, when Archbishop of Perugia, whispered to his chaplain daring a grand musical function, ' Do you think they really mean 'Amen' this time.' Dora Creek Railway Platform. — Mr. R. Stevenson, Mil., has been informed in answer to 5,, 9 request made by the Dora Creek Progress Com '7'~imtteee that seats may be provided at the railway platform at Dora Creek, that the Commissioners have been pleased to accede to the demand, and seats will be at once provided for the accommodation of the travelling public. Trucking Yards at 'Wyonq Railway Station. —The Railway Commissioners have been repeatedly petitioned during the last two years to erect a smaM trucking yard at the railway station at Wyong for the tracking of cattle, calves, and pigs, and they have been twice approached through the member for the Wollombi this year, yet they remain obdurate, though the petitioners allege that the yards would meet a daily increasing dtnnnd, and \- add considerably to the railway revenue. Telegraph Regulations. — A new regulation lias been brought into force in the telegraph depart ment. A short time ago it was ruled that the ? sender of a message had to pay for it by stamps, ' which he could purchase at the office and affix him self to the message. Now a further change has -eec made and a person desirous of sending a tele gram haB to ring for a form on which to write the message and he is supplied with a stamped form. . Joint Literary Labour. — When the Committee of the French Academy were employed in prepar .' ing the well-known academy dictionary, Cuvier, . the celebrated naturalist, came one day iuto ttie room where they were holding a session. ''Glad to see you; M. Cuvier,' said one of the forty, ' we have juBt finished a definition wmch we think quite satisfactory, but on which we should like to have your opinion. We have been . denning the word ctab, and have explained it thus, ' Crab, a small red fish, which only walks back wards.' ' ' Perfect, gentlemen,' said Cuvier, ' only if you will give me leave I will make one email observation in natural history. The crab is not a fish, it is not red, and it doss not walk back wards. With these exceptions your definition is excellent. Late News by Cable.— London, March 6: : ?? ? . Several changes willbemadeinthe British Cabinet. — It is not likely any amendment to the Address in Eeply to the Queen will be moved. — The Marquis of Dufferin, British Ambassador at Ptris, stafreB the prospects of peace in Europe are brighter than they were last year.— 2000 workmen employed in the Enfield Small Arms Factoiy desire to return to the nine instead of eight hours' system of work.— The Rev. T. Do Witt Talmage will not visit Australia as intended. — Ladas and Matchbox are favourites for the English Derby at 7 to 4 and y to a respecticely.— It is reported that the Finance Committee of the United Statea Senate has con ceded a 15 per cent, duty on wool and 30 per cent. on woollen yarns. Off to Coolgardib.— We are told that Mr. Pat Lambert and his two sons intend leaving Morpeth to-morrow morning for the Coolgardie goldfiVlds. Lambert is a very old resident of Morpeth, and has been employed as overseer to the Borough ? Council ever since the incorporation of that body' Morpeth Police Court.— At the Morpeth Court this morning, a foreigner named Alfred Anderson was charged before the Police Magistrate (Mr. G. N. Brooks) with stealing a clock valuers Gd, the pio perty of Charles A. 'Styman. Accused pleaded guilty. It seems that he has only been out of gaol four days, having been sentenced in September last atMorpethtosix months imprisonment focstcalin* a quantity of clothing from Mr. C. E. Howard. Ac cused entered Mr. Styman's premises on Sunday evening last and took an alarm clock away. Ho was arrested by Senior-Constable Coghlan, to whom he admitted the theft, saying he had thrown the clock in a dam on the Pasturage Reserve, Ea?t Maitland. Xhe Constable took him there and got him to wade in the water till re found it which took him scma fclnng like an hour. Senior-Constable Coghlan said accused was a well-known thief who ' tjavelled on the game. The Police Magistrate sentenced ac cused to four months imprisonment. _ The Proceedings of Parliament.— Yesterday, ia the Assembly, a number of email bills, of no general public interest, were considered, and the House also passed an amendment o£ the Silkstone Coalmining Company's Act, extending the time for making the Company's railway. The House rose at a little after eleven o'clock. Late General News.— Mr. McMillan sayts the legislation of the future would deal with the -=ocial and industrial life of the people.— The ocean mail service is to be renewed for one year.— An inch and a quarter of rain fell in Sydney last night ? The tL Customs receipts yesterday amounted to .£9723. ? :. ^Business in the import market is only of a retail character.— Nothing has yet been heard of Mouut jura cne a orest Juodge chemist, who disappeared mt week.— Men named M'Phail and Roeside have died at Coolgardie from revolver shots ; the first named committed suicide; the latter was acci dentally shot. The Case aoainst J. A. Ket.— Yesterday at the Singleton Police Court Joseph Alexander Koy, charged with making false entries in the books of the Hunter River Permanent Building Society was committed to take his trial at the ensuinp o-Dg!6ton Quarter Seibione on the lGth instant. 