?THE QOOK LANE GHOST. Many of our 'readers have heard, or read, of the ' Cock Lane Ghost,' one of the most, criminal frauds evei prac tised, but few, we think, are aware of its' history. Eroin a work by Mr. Charles Mackay (1841), under the title -ol'' Memoirs of Extraordinary Popular Delusions,' we talcethe'fotlowiug-. — ? ' At the commencement of the year 1760, there resided in Cock Lane, near West Smitlitield, in the house, of one Parsons, . the parish clerk of St. Sepulchred, a stockbroker named Kent. 'The wife of this gentleman had died in childbed during the previous year, and Jus sister-in-law, Miss Fanny, had arrived from Norfolk to keep his house .for him. They soon conceived a mutual Affection, and each of them made a will in the other's favour. They lived some months in the house of Parsons, .who, being a needy man, borrowed :money of hw ledger. Some difference arose betwixt .them, and Mr. Kent left the house, and instituted legal {proceedings against the parish clerk ffor the recovery of his money. While this matter was yet pending, .Miss Fanny was suddenly taken ill of £he small-pox, and, notwithstanding ?every care and attention, she died in a Jew days, and was buried in a vault under Clerkenwell church. Parsons aiow began, to hint that the poor lady 4iad come unfairly by her death, and sthat Mr. Kent was accessory to it, ?from his -too great eagerness to enter nnto possession of the property she had bequeathed him. Nothing further was «aid for nearly two years ; but it would .?appear that Parsons was of so revenge ful a character that be had never forgotten or forgiven his differences with Mr. Kent, and the indignity -of having been sued for the borrowed TOOney. The strong passion* of pride and avarice were silently at work ?during all that interval, hatching schemes of revenge, but dismissing ?them one after the other as itnpractic .able, until at last 'a notable 'one sug gested itself. About the beginning of ?the year 1762, the alarm was spread over all the neighbourhood of Cock Lane, that the house of Parsons was &aunted; by the ghost of poor Fanny, And that the daughter of Parsons, a :girl about twelve years of age, had several times seen and conversed with -the spirit, who had, moreover, informed ther -that she bad not died of the small vox, as was currently reported, but of poison administered by Mr. Kent Parsons, who .originated, took good -care to countenance these ireports ;and, in answer to numerous inquiries, «aid his house was every night, anfi .had been for two years, in fact ever since the death of Fanny, troubled by a 'lour! knocking at the doors aad in the , walls. Having thus prepared the ignorant and credulous neighbours to .believe or exaggerate for themselves ^rhat he had told them, he sent for a gentleman of a higher class in life to come and witness these extraordinary occurrences. The gentleman came ac-. cordingly, and found the daughter of Parsons, to whom the spirit alone ap peared find whpin aloue it answered, in 4-edi trembling violently, having just seen tne gnost, aim urau '5™ *«- formed that she had died from pokon. A lond knocking was also heard from every part of the chamber, which so mysuned -the not very clear nnder -stancling M the visitor, that he de parted, afraid to doubt and ashamea to believe! bat with * promise to bring tfae clergyman -tf the parish and several .other gentlemen on the following day, (to report upon the mystery. . On (the following night lie returned, bringing with Vim three clergymen, *nd aboat twenty other persons, to .duding two negnoM, when, upon * .consultation wiiii Eta-sous, they resolved to ait op Ae irtde aught, and await (the ghbtfs arrival. It was then ex flUiaed tr/ Parsons, that although the ghost would never render itself risible to any body bat his daughter, it bad -no objection to answer the questions that might be pat to tt by any person present, and that it expressed an 'affirmation by one knock, -a negative fcf twe, and ita displeasure by a k»& «f scratching. The clnfld was then put 'into bed along with her sister, and the clergymen examined the bed and tire ?bedclothes to satisfy (themselves that no trick was played, by 'knocking upon any substance concealed among the ?clothes. As on the previous night, the 'bed was observed to shake violently. After some hoars, daring which they ?all waited with exemplary patience, tfie mysterious knocking was heard in the wall, and the child declared that she saw the ghost of poor Fanny. Che following questions were then gravely |-ut by the clergyman, through &e; -mpriinin nf nnn IVToipv UVuvai. +*h& a»iv. vant of Parsons, and to whom it was said the decsused lady had been much attached. The answers were in the , usual fashion, by a kuock or k nocks : — 'Do you make this disturbance on account of the ill usage you received from Mr. Kent V -Yes.1 1 ? Were you brought to an untimely end by poison V ' Yes.' ' How was the poison administered, in beer or in purli ' ' In purl.1 ' How. long was that before your death ? ' . ' About three hours.' ? Can your former servant, Carrots, give any information about the poison V 1 Yes.1 ? Are you Kent's wife^s sieter V 1 -v— ? i ' Were you married to Kent after ?, your sister's death ? ' ? No.' J Was anybody else, besides Kent, concerned in your murder!' 'No.' -?Can you, if you like, appear visibly to any one ? ' ' Yes.' ' 'Will you do so?' 'Yes.' 'Can you go out of this house?' ?Yes.' ' Is it your intention to follow this ' child about everywhere ? ' ? Yes.' 'Are you pleased In being asked j these questions 1 ' ' Yes.' * Does it ease your troubled soul 1 ' « Yes.' [Here there was heard a mysterious noise, which some wiseacre present compared to the fluttering of winge.,] ; ' How long before your death aid you tell yon servant, Carrots, that you were poisoned — an hour t ' ' Yes.' [Carrots, who was present, wasap' pealed to ; but she stated positively that such was not the fact, as the de ceased was quite speechless an hour before her death. This shook the faith of some, of the spectators, but the examination was allowed to continue.] ' How long did Carrots live with you t ' * Three or four days.' 1 [Carrots was again appealed to, and cult? £liflt~. t.YiiK wgus f-.rup 1 ' If Mr. Kent is arrested for this murder, will he confess 1 ' ' Yes.' 'Would your soul be at rest if he; were hanged fork. 4 J ?'Yes.1 ' ' Will he be hanged for it V - Yes.' 'How long a time firat'J' 'Three years.' ! * How many clergymen are there in this room f ' ' Three.' 1 How many negroes f ' * Two.' ? ' * Is this watch /held up by one of the o'ergymeu) white? ' '19a1 'Is it yellow f 'No.' « Is it blue I' 'No.' 'Is it black?' 'Yes:' j [The watch was in a black shagreen case.!] ' At what time this morning will you take your departure? ' The answer tothb question was four knocks, wery distinctly heard -by awry person present; and accordingly, at four o'clock precisely, the ghost took its departure to the Wheatsbeaf poblic houee, -close up, where it frightened mine host and his lady almost out of their wits, by knocking in -the ceiling right above their bed. The .tumour of these occurrences very soon spread over London, and every day Cock Lane ' was rendered . . ai _? . * *_» ? ?_ lmpassaoie oy cue crowns 01 peopie ?who assembled around the house of the parish clerk, in expectation of either seeing the gbost or of hearing the mysterious knocks. It was at last found necessary, so -clamorous were they for admission within the haunted ' precincts, to admit those only who ' wp«ld pay a certain ' fee, an arrange ment wbidh was very convenient to the needy and money-loving ' Mr. Parsons. Indeed, things bad taken a turn . greatly .to his satisfaction ; he 1 not only had bis revenge, but he made' ' a 4»rofit out of it. The ghost, in conse-' quence, played its antics every night, I to the great amusement of tnaay Iran-' drefls «f people, and the great per plexity of a still greater number. Unhappily, however, for the parish clerk, the ghost was induced to make ?one promises which were the means of Mttody destroying its reputation. It premise^, ta aaswar to the questions of the Rev. Mr. AJdrrtch of OterkteweU, that- it would not only follow ihe little ! Hips Parsons wherever she went, but 1 would also attend him, or any other gentleman, into the vault tinder 9b. John's Church, where tho body of the murdered woman was -deposited, and would there give notice of its presence by a distinct knock upon the coffin. As a preliminary, Uhe gid was con veyed to tie bouse of Mr. Aldritch near the church, where a large party of ladies and gentlemen, eminent for their acquirements, their rank, or their wealth, had assembled. About tea o'clock on the night of the 1st of February, the girl having been brought from Cock Lane in a coach, was .put to bed by several ladies in the loose of Mr. Aldritch; a strict examination haying been previously made that nothing was biddea am the bedclothes. While the gentlemen, in an adjoining chamber, were deliberating wbttfher fhpv fiTiAilM TtrnnoAfl nn n Vi/uiv +a f.Ko ?vault, they were summoned into the bedroom by the ladies, who affirmed, in great alarm, that the ghust was come, and that they heard the knocks and scratches. The gentlemen entered according'.y, with a determination to naffer *kj deception. The little girl, on being asked whether she saw the ghost, replied, ' No ; but she felt it ou , her back like a mouse.' She was then required to put her hands out of bed, and they being held by some of the ladies, the spirit was summoned in ithe usual manner to -answer, if it were in the room. The question was several times put with great solemnity ; but the customary knock was not-heard in reply in tho walls, neither was *here 1 any scr-alching. The ghost was then ' UBBbU V\F 1VUUUL AVOVill. VIOAUHsj MKV *U did .not choose to grant the request. It was next solicited to give eome token of its presence by -a sound of any sort, or by touchiug the hand or cheek of any lady or gentleman in the room ; but even with this request the ghost would not comply. There was now a considerable pause, and one of the clergymen went down . stairs to interrogate the father of the1 girl, who was waiting the result of the experiment. He positively denied that there was any deception, and even went so far as to say that he himself, upon one occasion, had seen and con versed with the awful ghost. This, having been communicated to the com-' pany, it was unanimously resolved to give the ghost another -trial ; and the vicijgj' tuau vaucu vui. til a wuu iuiuc w the supposed spirit, that the gentleman, to whom it had promised to appear in the vault, was about to repair to that, place, where he claimed the fnlfileaentj of its promise. At one hour after aid night they all proceeded to the church, and the gentleman in question, with another, entered the vault, and toot up their position alongside of the coffin of poor Fanny. The ghost was then summoned to appear, but it ap peared not ; it was summoned to knock, but it knocked not; it was summoned to scratch, but it scratched not ; and the two retired from the vault, with the firm belief that the whole business was a deception practised by Earsons and his daughter. There were others, however, who did sot wish to jump-so hastily to a conclusion, and who sug gested that they were perhaps trifling with this awful and supernatural being, which, being offended with them for their presumption, would not con descend -to answer them. Again, after a serious consultation, it was agreed -on ; all hands that, if the ghost answered any body at all, it would answer Nx. Kent, the euppesed -murderer ; and he was accordingly reqwested to go down into the vault. He went -wifh several others, and summoned the ghost to answer whether he had indeed poisoned her. There being no answer, the question was put by Mr. Aldritch, who conjured it, if it were indeed a spirit, to end their doubts — make a sign of its presence, arid point out the guilty person. There being still no answer for the space of half an hour, daring ?which lame ftM fcWese boobies waited wito tne most praisewortny per Beverance, they returned to the house of Mr. Aldritch, and ordered the girl to get tip and dress herself. She waa Btrictly examined, but persisted in ber statement that she used no deception, and that the ghost had really appeared to her. So many persons had, by their openly. Expressed belief of the reality of the visitation, identified themselves with it, that Parsons and his family were far from being the only persons interested in the continuance of the delusion. The result of the experi ment con vinoed mast people ; but these were-notto be convinced by any evi dence, however positive, and they there fore spread abroad the rumour that the ghost bad not appeared in the vanlt, because Mr. Kent had taken care beforehand to have tie coffin iwawi That gentleman, whose position waa a very painful one, immediately procured competent 'wtioesses, In whose presence the vault was entered and the coffin of poor Fanny opened. Their deposi tion waa then published; and Mr. Kent indicted Parsons and his wife, his daughter, Mary Efoucert&e; servant, the Bev. Mr. Moor, and a tradesman, two of die most prominent patrons of the deception, for a conspiracy. The trial catue on in *be Court of King's Bench, on the 10th of July, befone Lord Chief-Justice Mansfield, when, after an investigation which lasted twelve hours, the wbrie «f the con spirators were found guilty. The fter. Mr. Moor «nd fats friend were severely reprimanded ia ©pea caurt, and recommended to make seme pecuniary compensation to the prose cutor for the aspersions they kad feeea instrumental in throwing anon his character. Parsons was sentenced to stand three times in the pillory, and to be imprisoned for two years: his wife to one year's, and bis servant to six month's imprisonment in the Bride well. A printer, who had been em ployed by them to publish an account of the proceedings for their profit, was also fined fifty pounds, and dis charged. The precise manner in -which the deception was carried on has never been explained. The knocking in the wall appears to have been the nork of Parsons' wife, while the scratching part of the business was left to the little girl. That a contrivance so clumsy conld have deceived, any body, cannot fail to excite our wonder. But thus it always is.' 