STARTLINC tragedies of mournful local interest have to some extent diverted men's minds from the contemplation of that passage in the world's history marked by the death of the Czar of Russia. Apart from the personal concern awakened by the compara tively early decease of this sovereign, speculations will be rife as to the consequences which may result from the advent of a now ruler, who may be less peacefully disposed than the late emperor. An enormous power over the destinies of nations is wielded by a single man, in which respect we observe one of the defects of the auto cratic system. It may be true, as Carlyle was fond of asserting, that the rule of a wise and powerful monarch is in many respects preferable to that of an unwise multitude. The difficulty always is to secure such a ruler, especially under the system of succes sion. The competent man may be and as history shows often is-sue coeded by the incompetent. This oousideration has led, the English nation to prefer the system of limited monarchy, under which the actual rulers are men chosen by parliament and amenable to the voice of the re presuntatives of the country. The defects of this system are sometimes evident enough, but they are tolerated in consideration of the guarantees which are given against the greater evils of autocratic rule. In considering the fate of rulers of nations, no less in modern than in ancient times, no less in the case of legitimate kings than of elected presi dents, we are reminded of that passage in Shakespeare's Richard the Second where that dejected sovereign, on the eve of his deposition by Bolingbrokeo, says : For heaven's sake lot us sit upon the ground And tell sand stories of the death of kings: How some have been deposed; aome slain in war ; Some haunted by the ghosts they have deposed ; Some poisoned by their wives; some sleeping kiilled ; All murdered I For within the hollow crown That rounds the mortal temples of a king, Keeps death his court: and there the antic sit, Scolling his state and grinning at his pomp; Allowig hing a breath, a little econo, To monarehiso, be feared, and hill with looks : Infusing him witbh slf nod vain couceit (As if this flesh which walls about our lifo Were brases impregnable):-and humoured thus, Comes at the last, and with a little pin Bores through his castle wall, and farewell, king Alexander III indeed died in his bed surrounded by his sorrowing family; but there can be no doubt that his end was hastened, as his life was harassed, by the constant struggle against those revolutionary influences which in Russia take the form of murder, and which swept his father off by a cruel death. It has been said indeed that an actual injury or shook received by the late Czar in an attempt by nihilists to blow up a railway train in which he was travel ling had much to do with bringing on the illness which led to his death. Whether this were so or not, sufficient is known of the conditions under which he held his state to show that his life was less enviable than that of the humblest citizen in a free country. Old residents will recall the intense excitement which prevailed in Sydney and throughout the country when, in the height of the Crimean war, news arrived that the Czar Nicholas had been out off by death. We did not then got our news from day to day, and events of this kind became known with greater force than they do now. It was commonly supposed that dis appointment and vexation at the un fortunate progress of the Russian arms was the main cause of the death of Nicholas. At that time the armies of France and England were jointly engaged in war against Russia. A strange comment on this is that in the event of another European out break,it is expected that England would have to face a combination of the French and Russian fleets, and that to maintain her naval supremacy she is now engaged in increasing the number of her battle-ships to meet such a contingency. The lato Czar is said to have been pre-eminently a man of peace, and to his influence is ascribed the fact that the threatened European war has boon so long averted. This at least will redound to his honor. There is a strong party in Russia always ready for wars of aggression, and it would need only the propulsion of the ruler to give them free scope. Under such circumstances the character and policy of the now Czar form the sub jcect of much speculation, for which apparently there is at present little baesi. We may recall the fears which were expresosed when the present Emperor of Germany came to the throne. It was thought by many that his known military proclivities, stimulated by the arrogance shown by the Germans since their defeat of the French, would speedily plunge the coontinont afresh into war. But nothing of this hind has yet happened. The Emperor William, while exhibit lng many eccentricities, has kept the peace, and eeoms disposed to eeoop it es long as he is loft unmolested. It may be so with the young Czar;. and truly, with the enormous armaments now overshadowing Europe, any ruler has reason to pause before risk ing the uncertainties which war under existing conditions would entail. Tnu shocking railway accident and the terrible shipwrook which mark the annals of the past week must needs give rise to mournful refleootions on the uncertainty of life and the fallibility of human precautions against disaster. In both oases it would seem that there was no particular reasoh to apprehend danger. There was nothing akin to that which it is customary in legal phraseology to call the act of God. Those were simply the acts of fallible man. In the case of the railway accident, it appears that all the apparatus on which the safe working of the line depends was in perfect order; so that it would appear that the case was due to human fallibility, and we say this without in any way wiliing to'fix or to apportion blame anywhere or on anyone. It has been suggested that where trains are run without a tender -which may act as a buffer-it would be as well to have a brake-van between the engine and the first carriage, and perhaps this might have prevented the terrible scene of the imprisoned passengers amid the escaping steam, and the consequent painful deaths of no many of them. In the case of the wrecked steamer, with its terrible catalogue of victims, we have plainly another instance of fallible judgment. It was thought that it was excess of caution on the part of the captain which led him to deviate from the usual course to avoid some danger which he apprehended. But one cannot help the reflection that if in the circumstances of the case there was reason to apprehend danger, a cautious man would have preferred to bring his vessel to and await daylight. The captain, it is said, had lately suf fered a severe attack of influenza, from the consequences of which he does not appear to have fully recovered; and those who have felt the disabling effects of this disease will be disposed to think that he was scarcely in a fit con dition to undertake the responsibility attaching to his position. As to the unfortunate victims of these disasters there can be nothing but commiseration, and to their surviving friends the deepest sympathy. Some of the cases are particularly pathetic. Old age and infancy, lead ing men in their respective vocations, and honest workmen and brave sea men, have met with the common fate, under circumstances as painful as can well be conceived; and these terrible calamities must heighten the gloom which from a variety of causes had depressed the community. But there is little use in giving way to feelings of this kind. We may rather say with Brutus-" Well, to our work alive." 