SPORTING. The local Christmas and New Year's race meetings passed off very well considering all thing. The Port Adelaide Club were fairly "cornered" by the prohibition of betting. which deprived tliem of an important source of revenue, but it is gratifying to know they will not sustain an actual loss from their funds. They lose the profit they would have made had they raced on their own course, but they were just able to pay expenses and bold their own on the East Park Lands. Their position under the present state of things is not satisfactory, and as some of etaeir dates must be filled on their own course these will be the times when they will feel the pinch of the present regula tions. The A.R.O. lost all the receipts they would hare taken in the quadrangle, and addo the bookmakers' fees, co that the position is alike unsatisfactory to them, although an ordinary proSe was made en the meeting. The S.A.J.C. will probably come out beat as their attendance was very good, and they received something between thirty and forty pounds for admission to the stiilliug enclosure. Vet it was not pleasant or satisfactory to see co many rank outsiders betting away and Ghosting the odds within the grand stand paddock, and a number of cases oE repudiation were reported. Tatter eall's Club ib an institution which must suffer if the present regulations are continued in force, ac the substantial bookmaker will now have no inducement to belong, to that body, and the committee will have to cast round for some new feature or function to make the dab attractive on its own account and to keep its members together "waiting while the clonds roll by." 1 The Like Albert races take place on j January 11, and a party of turStos have made arrangements to make the trip from Adelaide,, as the lake outings are usually jolly affairs, there being some very good Bports in the neighborhood. Sir. Cornelius has been ap pointed etarter, and he will also officiate with the flag at Carrieton and Eome otber country gatherings. It is awkward for two of our beet riders (C. Qninn and P. llickey) that they will have to stand down during the running for the New market Handicap and Australian Gup, in both of which events they would have had mount?. Qainn's time of suspension expires on March 9, and the V.X.C Autumn meeting finishes on March 10. Of the 105 candidates in the shorter race only two (The Arab and Broken Hill) belong to Adelaide owners, and of the 61 candidates in the Australian Cup only one (Broken Hill) will represent this colony so far as ownership is concerned, although many of our breed will start in both events. The Carbine who has been annexing various events at the Perth meeting seems to be a pretty good colt, although his breeding has not yet been indicated by wire. The Imp, through being on the small side was at a dis advantage in a classic race ; and it is hardly likely that he could win a Derby if he had anything upstanding with class against him. The latest rumor in The Idler case is that C. Quinn has put in a claim for the 50 eova. won by The Idler in the Auction Stakes at the Port meeting, as he is the owner of the horse Kingbolt who finished second; also that J. Patterson, as the owner of Wrangler, who finished second in the A.R.C. Handicap Sell ing Race (worth (i 5 eovs. to the winner) is put ting in a claim for this stake, which was won by Kingbolt, but for which he did not carry any penalties. Should these claims be main tained and brought before the S. A.J.C. it will be a question of interpretation of rules and of certain fasts in connection with both events which have not yet been made public The racehorse Handover has not changed hands as reported. Mr. John Pile his had a fancy for the animal with the idea that he might be trained as a jumper, but the negotia tions have not yet resulted in a tale. Mr. D. James did not liketbe weight which Mr. Hughes imposed upon his horse Broken Hill during the recent meetings, but as John Hill has now got the colt into good fettle again he is to be sent over to Flemington to try hia fortune there, and it is hoped he will be able to land his ormer's colors in the front. The penalty in the Normanby Stakes told upon Moorite, the speedy ran of Gang For ward and Haidee, on New Tear's Day, just as it did in the Hanbyrnong Plate, and he was consequently beaten by Cobbitty. The winner is the only son of the celebrated Abercorn and his dam Copra, a daughter of llobinson Crusoe and Cocoanut (imp;), the dam of Navigator. He very much resembles his near relative Catnoola in his style of galloping and also in color. Cobbitty is leased by Mr. C. M. Lloyd from Mrs. Jas. White, of Kirkham stud, Sew South Wales, and is trained by Walter Hickenbotham, of AsoooVale, The Normanby Stakes victory makes the second ono for Cobbitty, who also won the V.R.C. Nursery Handicap at the late Spring meeting. Since this race was inaugurated in 1572 Grand Flaneur and Kavigator are . the onla^-two that! have won theNorjnanby and atN&be;'Derby.J Goldreef, who won the Hurdle Race, is show ing exceptionally good form jnst now. The son of Goldsbrough has left Soobie's stable, and is now trained by W. JL Frew, of j AssotValo. The stable bad a nice win at tens to one. Although a field of 17 faced Mr. George Watson in the Standish Handicap, there were only fonr horses backed to win any money. Parramatta had a very strong follow ing of the public, whilst her owner was content to accept a few centuries at 2to L The mara won, as predicted by almost everybody, and that rather easily, from the St. Albans repre sentative, Repudiation, with Driffield filling the remaining position. Parramatta is rather a plain looking brown mare with plenty of size, and stands over a good deal of ground. She in by the Melbourne Cup winner Sheet Anchor, whom she very much resembles in color and shape, from Emblematic by Wollomai, another Cup winner, and is trained by F. Muaeravp, of Caulfield. Her present owner, Mr. EL V. Crasswaller, purchased the daughter of Sheet Anchor from Mr. Gove, now in India, for the small sum of £150. Although Mikado IL, with Corrigan in the paddle, was regarded as a good thing for the Steeplechase, be was beaten comfortably by Dondi, by Wellington—Madrigal, with The Lop in third position. Dondi is owned by Mr. R. Chirnside, and was ridden by A. Williams aud trained by Aleo. Taylor, of BaUarat. For the Bagot 'Handicap Sainfoin, on the strength of a capital gallop performed at Caulfield, was installed the favorite, olosaly pressed by Cooya in a .field of IL Of the re mainder a little money was invested on the chances of Warpaint and TarcooU at 100 to 14 each, whilst at a point longer Creasy found BUDport, co did Comedian and Sternohaser. At the home turn the race looked all over " bar shouting for the outsider Little Maid, but Comedian coming with a brilliant ran on the extreme outside just managed to finish a length clear under the judge's box from Little Maid, the favorite filling third place. Here again backers received rather a rude shook to their fancies. The winner is a brother to the sensational borse Tim Swiveller, and is owned and trained by Walter Hiokinbotbam, who was ancoessfol in the opening event of the day. The meeting was wound up by the victory of Rink in the Criterion Stakes. Rink, by First King—Yardley, is full brother to Ringmaster, Lonsdale, and others, and is owned by Mr. J. Wilson, jun. Sydney Tattersall's Summer races were in a measure similar to those at Flemington, inas much as only two favorites managed to get home during the afternoon. The New Year's Gift was looked upon as a foregone conclusion for Messmate, but Mr. Hum phrey Oxenham's mare Utter, by Martini- Henry, won a great race by a bead from the Victorian representative, The' Captain, and the favorite next. The course must have been particularly fast, as the nix furlongs was cut out in 1 mm. 14J sec The Disposal Stakes brought grist to the mill of the backers, as the favorite (M.L.A., by Archie) succeeded in landing the dollars from Frank the Avenger. Miles Standish, who was equally as good a favorite as the winner, appears a rather uncertain borse, and finished last. Next came TattersaH'B Cup, the prin cipal event of the day at Randwick. and for which a neld of 19 carried silk. The well performed Stanmore and Jeweller Btarted equal favorites at 6 to 1, a price that demon strates how very open the race was np to the fall of the flag. The Victorian representative, The Admiral, came next in favor, followed by Mahee. About any of the remainder long prices were obtainable. A good Etart was effected by Mr. Tom Watson, and most of the running was made by Escapade, pre sumably in the interests of Donation. How ever, when his mission had been fulfilled his Bbable companion was unable to answer the great question asked of him and Miletos took command. At the distance be collapsed and l«ady Trenton was indulged in the lead. About a dozen lengths from home Nightingale was on terms with the leader, and gradually wearing bar down won a great race from Lady Trenton. The winner is but a very moderate performer, and is by Sotnnos (imp.) from Goldfinch by The Drummer (imp.) from a mare by Kelpie. She carried within 2 lb. of the minimum weight, and oat out the two milee in 3 mm. SO sec, which is capital time for this event. Not one of the top weights was ever really dangerous during the race. Grandwing was returned she winner of the Steeplechase. The favorite, Sneaker, fell when running strongly about three furlongs from borne. Hirondelle gave baskets a turn in the Nursery Handicap, which was won easily from Scotch Lassie and Greet ing. This filly is by Lochiel and is a really good mare. The meeting was brought to a close by All Sorts, a gelding by Marvellous' from Conteesa, winning the Welter Handicap from Whirlwind and Cradle, whilst she favorite, Ophir. failed to gain a situation. 