THE DEAD GALLANT. Pubiiehed by special arrangement. Mestrt. Ward, Lock $ Bowie*, Ltd. [AIXRIGHTS KESKBVED.] CHAPTER IL "i «U9RIER MOSS BIB raOWHBs BR OUTBAX TBISTKAM. With TIIE EUW of DESPERATE travel still clinging to them, FTA two rode EIIT by Bide—and not a, little ET&red; at—to DIE Three Tunns in Newgate MARKET Here they DISMOUNTED from exh&uited; H«M •ND made the bast OF their way on foot to T large HOUSE standing in BA'ctere' Bow, The lioaee was • comer one. In bygone days its walls had sheltered prosperous owners ; bat the days of its prosperity had passed, and all that age now lent to it was aa air of nun without nobility. A leprous decay clang to its timb ?r and plaster WORK; itB miny windows were blind with dost; re faces were ever eeen st them; no light bom them ever beaconed kindly hospitality regnant within, It was a dead house ; sad its topmost storey hong over the narrow street wickedly. Its heavy door opened csu^ously TO Captain Fcrfceccua's gentle summons. If MAN or woman's HAND) opened it. they were not seen- The door opened AS if of its own accord; the two traveller passed hurriedly in, rhen the door slowly and cautiously closed again, and eilenoe wrapped the street. This eilenoe remained unbroken till the BUNT grey of dawn touched the house'S topmost gables, and showed its haggard outline AGAINST the dear paleness of the sky. Then a side door openrd noiselessly, and a bent form passed quietly into the fctreet. The farm was that of a lame peilsr, whose knotted HL&EK; hair and beard shadowed a tanned face. His pack was slung on a hunched back. He stepped backwards into the empty street, AND eyed the hcnae, still wrapped in ite sombre sleep viciously. He laughed aloud, A ptrange, silvery, penetrating laugh, mi ical but menacing. Then he turned, and want swiftly on his way. HI« was a strange way. A way ss deep and dark as traveller ever trod in this world or the next. It was a way which ran ruthlessly AVER happiness BLASTED, homes made desolate, and bright honour, never yet stained, tanrshcd for ever. It WAS a way paved with hireling gold, and TO be cemented aukle-deep in young gallant blood; bat it was a way which this pedlar chose to take, and he took it. It ltd him under a brightening sky thnugh the long lengths of Fleet Street and the STAAAD, p&st; Charing Gross, a noble monument standing in a village High Street, and out into the green country beyond. A meditative fijure with head bent, he limped fiercely on deep dmfcy roads, his downcatt eyes seeing nothing but his fixed purpose, his ears closed to all sounds tut terrible prompting voices within. Soon the day Is life began ti stir around him J smoke rose slenderly from cottage chimneys; other wayfarers appeared. Bat on all conditions ot them (he EFTTEB of £HIE Ume p dtar'S PRESENCE was the same. -At eight of the dogged determination of his swift approach cccntey girls turned aside frightened- Travellers WESTWARD bound like JNNMRFF, whom he passed without teeming to see them, stopped AND stwad; travellers bound L»ndonwards, woo met him face to face, gave him the whole road, as they would have done to some mad dog. Flies attracted by L is immobility bussed in clouds about his head | some boys, botmd far the hay- fielde, resenting a GOOD MORROW TUT RETURNE threw stones. But the lame pedlar walked doggedly on, looking neither to the right band nor to tbe left, but always straight in front ot him, along flu way which he had ohoeen. Finally, it led him, footsore and white WITH dart, into the green shelter of Barn E!M*. HOE he SLACKENED hie pace FOR the FIRSTtime, wiped the eweat from his brow, elightly arranged his drees ; then he limped down a short avenue which led to the side entrance of A large red-brick boose. Arrived at a small door, midway down a long wall which a line of fine chestnuts shadowed, the pedlar took a sudden, hasty glanca behind him, aa If to see whether he was followed; then he knocked four tames quickly, and was Admitted. He was admitted into a soacioas garden, full of flowersand BttnBhine, by a lean, pock-mariced man, with red hair, thin lips, and long, moist, nail-bitten fingera,which •worked about bis month nervously. These fingersshould have been a forger's; they 4-xcited at firsteight a marked sinking of the puis*, a symptom which their owner additionally aggravated by a dreadful slow (mile. The red-haired man. was oc nvnlsively studying a cypher, and looked like a vidouB fox disturbed. THE pedlar, HORERER, whose lameness bad surprisingly left him as the GARDEN gate had closed, remained N«INFF»IW«IIWIH by these phenomena— from long familiarity, doubtless—for he greeted the red-haired man heartily as Mr Phillips, aald that he had corns from LOUDON on vital busnees to see his master, wad asked, therefore, to see him at once. « Yes, ME Maude," said Mr Phffiipe. Without another word he turned and led the way to the farther e&d; of the gazoes, smiling dreadfully at luxuriant roee-trees aa he passed them, and freely biting his aails- Mr Maude, as he fallowed the other's footsteps, disembarrassed FEIMAELF slowly of his facial disguises, AN ' ANDOAEBOED his tagged jerkin, beneath •which THE grey velvet of CapUin farteecse'e IRVING-MAN appeared. With his fair COMPLEXION freed from walnuf- UTOJWA, a yellow rose stuck in his hair, FEE would have looted exactly as he looked THE day before when be followed his master aoasddnoody up the D rver beach. As it WAS, tfri» was a snake who had bnt half «ast bis slough. ' And it W&E; into another kind of master's SFRO.XXTCE THS&B;* was about to be MARtaaUeil- FROM behind a high yew hedge at the I&WERT; nad smuuest end of the garden, a deep.WDEEDIOLY irajoe ^o eand ' G^ INTHE aamutietrataonOF woaofanop INTO rogatories. To tfceae interrogatories, . janfilad answers trace retcmed in different YOTOK There was no BR»?*K in this peculiar itPtP"- It RA I MT ot FINFC PSR£WNG, in which tbe choir took npthe feoloist INF-tantaneousJy. LB Phillipe STOPPED smiling, and MOTIONED caniion. "Our gardener is among INS flowers," he saisl jollily. "I .NNUT wam him of a FARTHER specimen'S • jpppcoach. \- GO disappeared round the yew HEDGE, his (K*<T knees knocking together, and his LORE SEVEN furiously twitching about his JNASKJTT FIN BOSH of the ocsuverEaJaon which ENSUED ^HAD LIAAI THE «bses of his W®, Mr Monde Umeelf trembled. WAS J* JWFC^OOII Jo be admitted into MENTION of ^JIOM^MMB ^ ITPBTEET catholic heart J^FAKWHWRFLOW paiflaBical gsse^jqpra fwee GPOKB ** clearly aa ttartaigneiit in faoe «E .whoee subtle NRRR*" 3 itwuwliaB Jefoits over- RT»chtd them eel VES | whoee sinister PATENT «C secret EETRICE, self- supported in •mnanTir" bam hie own parse, BAD all the RATEPAYERS In EUROPE at his oouitnand FE^RIFIFEYUR BY'gefting THE hjUle SPED which ite ooet was to bs xaie ntflaa«{flaitwiny<<sktta 5NN S>e Eope'E JWIVSTS JTAMT TO TTENETSW pnoil> having bwnght to !»» W JGOI^NUI'T EAR the .most WNEI Supopa <£4heJ£iDg.«F AMIB)F Waa IT Soy, be WW about TO face IDS 0RFER*s BWBWrt his hands togetiier softly, reappeared, FROA -ehind the YEW hedge. " ^KIME," he said. Thus invited, Mr Mauie pused round the hed^je AND stood stoaoe u tbe present of Jyith the GARDENER AMMG his Bawers. The flowfas, wluwe stored sweets had ALREADY been gathered, stxxd In a group cpmking in low VBTCPEN AMNGST themselves. They teoacnfsed Mr Maude aa one man, and eyed him significantly " Mr Maude retained the compliment They were all ot them personally knowr to him, and though one of them was dressed a« a Protestant clergyman, another as a GENUVMAU of fortune, a third ac a mountebank, their BADE was the earn". The Protestant clergyman, whose W®F was Eliot, bad been a servant in several Catholic families, from which he had been discharged with disg&ee.; The gay sitine of the gentleman of fortune ooiuraled the identity of Sl*de, a former servant ia the college at B T&'E. The mountebank wae fitly impenonwed by one Mundy, a ramb ing atage-PLEILV, who had BEAT relieved of his necassiaes when abroad, and had seen opportunity in the occasion for MSK in? money in K^W* line. E*CH of THEE? sworn swearers had been CREDITED with sjnooessee On Eliot's head restel the bhtod of Edward Campian, hung, drawn, and quartered at Tyburn on the firetof Dfdamber, 1SS1. The others] had informed Bucceesfnly against B M Sherwin, Luke Kirkby, " in, ThomsB Oottua, Henry Colleton—all seminary were now resting after their irfeatly harmless and Berent disgidses, and terror in no traveller toad in the darkest night wal trinity in full bloom, turned to the gardener them. lof a grass plot a gaunt- figured in faded bla k, was 'NUY over a short rose-tree Ab Mr Hahde approached deferentially, this amate r gardener raised his head from his ta k. and showed a long narrow face fringe* by a short, pointed, iron-grey beard and aoustacbe, curling upwards— both raggf lly dressed. His oompl°xion was Jiundi sed ; a black velvet A all cap was fixed on a high narrow forehead, across whuh one long wrinkle ran. Beneath darJf eyebrowp, which this gentleman keptleternaUy arched in a sort of melancholy meditation, two LARGE BROWN eyes—dull slow-moving, heavy-lidded— seemed to] see nothing of what they were fixed on jlbcirs was the long GAZE of introepection. Their owner held a email hoe ia his tight hand. The forefinger of his left H*nd>kept a place in the pages of a welHuntd Bible. He stood before a zed wall HUONG with crimson roses, an immobile figure in blac% and contemplated hfs visitor calmly. He WAS 8IR Francis walsingham, Elizabeth'S Sfcrdtaxy of State. be with you, RIR," he end to Mr deep, melancholy tones. Then " A glance at the other distant THEY translated in a moment . precipitately with genufl^I- Phillips, this secretary's sscrertrentially covering their rear. Lgftllma with his igait, tbe Socretsiy of STOTA appeared completely oblivions cf ioe. He ttirred th« mould round of TUS rose-txee tenderly with his -hoe aid kept eilenoe. This silence M lit was ne doubt intended to HEEJ^HP E FTER M*nie WBB beaxer of no la spite of this chilling & heart burnt within him, and W suddenly burst forth— T^ began, «'twas your WI^H, if I I should make sp«ed to tell train was ready for the D,- 11" a>ked Walsingham. r bit his lip and eatxected himself He icoogniaed the position OF TIAEJHTT—seepoodble for nothing—FORtrain is ready lor the fire t Sir,, rhas oome t I have travelled agi __ I way to tail yon that it has. 1 bav avelled at risk of my life." I verilyycu will have yoar reward," sBid] THAI, as if to correct the) \ cujridity which shone in Mr Man , he went on weightily: " Not alon world, whose gold perisbetb and i IL BUT in that life to orme, whi [tnaenre is indeed inoorruptible, abii F FAR ever ; though to purblind eyes Ahem I" snaffle rounded this 7delivered in the stooped posture gardener at work. Then, withnp, he changed his tone and fllren prink, in coliitx'* habit, hu arrived, 1 M I XOQE with him from Dover yesterday." Walfiagham let FAB hoe fall slowly on a worm crawiing at fall lsngth beneath the rose-bush; ITS divlAsd boiy wriggled <n horrible 6oatortioBfl. He F^relooma," H* said. Then, looking ronnd, aspor the first time noticing the absence of • guest exptcted, " But you hart NOTBRAASM him with yam, this Mr Ballard. Tit, TT my ECEMORY DI^S not, he was onca of our OOMT ah«M:—In HIA ameguurate IAYE—SHT Ahem 1" Ballard hsi, la- , at aa earlier period ot FCL*mltiioa, antaied the >ank* of this Ssoret Service, WKOSE agents swarmfd in every J««ult Collage IN Esrope Bat in fate attempts to eoaad thia Seaetary's ssctets ha had found himaelf one of those many eqaxvocaton OITmatched AT &TIR; own wta^ocs. "Slr/'said Maude, "Mr Ballard dreami not that I «m with yon." " Mitmwii ha sleeps sound, th'A Mr Ballard D F" gir, HE sleeps till I «IH HIM." Wal'lagham smiled slowly. "We will GIVE him YRTSOANDSR«Isap, N hiesaid,"atcosr dnsfam of tit labor*. Wo have ia store for him, it may be, a aight-draught which sevar fal'etK" Maadedidnot ceon ectptlcal as to this He had acen the Secretary of State's nlghtdraugfat' UL AUTION at Tyburn and e'aewhere. He bowed, and waited further Interrogatories. W&>¥&' MM ' B WM * presence LA WHICH, after D time, »ilence was fslt to BE Wa'ringhini, for his part, sppsazsd to be rsBecting. golden. , "So YOA rode with fids Ballard tram DOTF-R a ysgtaadayF* BA said at last, dreamily. f Truly, s'r j and tide with him toDsiby shire to-ausmw.^ To MS AnUwny Babiagton'S, at Dothfckf * SI •• I was to abost to tell yo», sir." " 9)abdm! Brain no more OPTION, thes, on tha . Queen'* Ugh mad I" He pauwd Co whlch'still •MSO^AI at his* fast, carefully. WHILS dslng sohejecjiyai Maada'I aitonfthmeat at URN TAPIDL^ with which all aawa naeh«d this centre. Than In want •'}JEL« a likely peison»ge, Is Mr Suddenly ha laft Ml hfs hoe, <aaip«d Ids hands tageUwr, and turaed bis eye. up to heaven. "Oh, Bag land, Kngland 1 mycouatry,"hecrtad,"tn bow hast tbon so High Heaven Tha^ Ia tbqes wUl JWM^ias ot *hy aozw in IhosinibstSstoWyj^nrsi, most taa- I B«i< agents fitt«it tp hold Iheknlfa to thy haart I Ve notfornaagfckt^tlhoa soopiged, mott stafsl ooentry—tp* aaaght art than aoomgeil 8«ps hUdan.fWs vJaUflion Is tkbmrittiit sa threataM—some shamefalAEGRAU-TOBE^adsawaWsg WM day; but known asyH to the Most High I Tha atanfitassi of flih p^oos outburst, th wild iislhrfljiiis ~1rfn*- fk was spokea the abandonmsht slaiest grotarqas—of the ed cpeaks's stai<l pasooaUty, the twitching Ups, stwInaSheim the jSDew whits, sok ifi* ttls far-«esfBjg atstesmstfa p-.ofoayd vision, tlnsw Maad oC Us g«sAL JpipQa). too, had BI« *H»MFFSL ^WAIMSIRI^TOAIV JNVMSLAL. gnddtnly M'WW-piMiel." smlfa Aad onhU fsi^g^hgjfew * 'IINVELF aai<*r ot-atrrattoa at TBE very M meat wh»a fancied sseorlty bad REMOVE A veil. He trrmhlcd. Tfcere wai • «U*cc«— -A titrnss for a atement—that, to th* agentv tha MY of a graiiboppcr la a JOWIR-W •••cams paiufsL Wh«N this altanoe bad biaastraiaed to tha pitch of bilng anenduraVl*, Walsingtaam tuned his glancs eanhwaila agala, and de- 'cenied both is speech ani bearing from HLI pioni pedevtal. " KUOW*st «honthis Anthony BaUagton t" BE said shortly. " I, sir I I have am him bat oscv, and TOR an Instant." "Tak* heed, thro," aald Walsfsglians " when he look* at thee I For TH<» fabled oower of th* enchanter seems dcscvod*-*, eport says on this youth, whoM aspect I« M'LD and gradoui, whoa* countenance is of "IFRAORDFAWY bstuty, and whose fiaseyes -iraw friends' hearts to him ant hfi pvroo«E», even as a loadstone. His oompany Is INFECTION men say. Take bead of him I Take heed of bla I For Atropo* prspanth l- »!reaif to saver hi* life'S thin thread. Ay I Asd HV friends, infatuated and ungodly, aaare H<« fate," Mr Maude, at thoie strange words, looked troabled in spite of a prolonged »FL>RT at composDre. 1 do not nndsrstand, sir." hs said. I go with Mr Ballard to be Mr Bahlngtoa's gueit, in ord*r that I may report hi* doings «nd his friends to you. I go as an agent whom you hiva abanlantly trasted, and who has given yoa no cult to regrst your trurt Why I should follow Mr BaUaKtoa'sfrirnds' example sad HCCOM* slave to HJS charms, I know not I I would crave a reason, sir, humbly." Sir Franeta Walshurhsm advanced (lowly to whare his agent wasataadiig iWet hi* dull, dreamy, cnapecnlativegUnca fall opon him. This glance was lika lead. Its H«avy calculations should have plumbed depths entoondad. Depths in this lastaace it iadeed plumbed. He stratch«I Ma jlong bvliinr cut slowly, and pre»I«d it apon Mr Mauds'* left breast, Aa Involuntary shadier convulsed Mr Ma«d«. Sir Francis Walslngbam •tudisd this symptom as a (argeon might some wound he was probing. A slow smile FIX-D itB*lf upon his lips. " BA VARA F ha said. CHAPTBB III. " THREE HUKTBRS H1.BB0UB A STAG." Maids went back to Lend on a* he had come—A hunch-backed pedlar tra-nping doggedly on dusty roaii, notice J by many, recoga : STL by son*. At miiday he re. entered the honsi IN Batchers' Bow. The Jan* EUN FL»medAP^U ITS prcj tc'-ing gable*, only TI throw luto strougar rsli*F its timberaad-piaster's leprous decay. No life stirred about the placa. A dead house at night— in daylight it'vra* a dead hoaaesUIL Maade was sick with f «tigus. His fragile form had already accomplished prodigies, aad the reaction CIMI upen him fiercely as be dosad the hou*«*s side-door behind him. H« staggered, and leant heavi'y agatast tbe passiga-wall, panting. Bat the furies which rio<«d within him conquered this oolapM. Hs nerved tremblisg limbs and mtiatned distretssd breathing, and slipped np steep stain to a amall upper room, where ho pat off ihs Isms pedlar He washed THA stdas from hi* HET, put on a grey jerkin, seropn. loaily dressed hi* carlisg black hair, fix«L a freih yellowRCSA behind bis left ear, aad ad. jested his feathers 1 c*p rakiihiy. He *>• NO Ciptaln Forteacae'E strvlng M*n ajain. on* had seen b'M leave the hosse—no oa* had UCS him enter it. With a bustling step AOW, he strode down to th* lower ream, giving good morning by the way to a deaf old woman who stirred late, au< acted as sols caretaker J then— calm, crl, and collected, AI If JOST risen f ON a prolonged RAT—H*stood by Mr Ballard's side. An agi tatad sleep convulsed th« silken priest in the SI'disr'a habit. It appeared to lava struck him down suddenly before he could rtsa from the table stlU apread with the fruga RTM«ias of tbe oversight'S msal. A Rlaas half- emptied stood by HIS side, Mr Maada took np this half-emptied glass, saitllng the slow imla of the poisousr. He looked at it earioosly, smelt IT^THN enptted it, washed it car*faUy, and REPLACED it by th« steeping man's side. Mr Bollard msanwhlslsy back IN an arm chair, hit faoa working cnvoliively, aad ^SAT drops of perspiration standing upaa IIII brow. Now and agala hii pirched LTR* moved imp'orlnely, UID in a so t of dreadful despair, ha vepea^elly made tbe alga of tbe Cruss. It was not till Mr Mauls had three or four tiatre shahsn him roughly ibat be awoke; aad then he started to hi* FT IT with trembling hand* tearing at h<S collar, and with eyes fixed ta an agonised stare as if at scm* anieea honor above. Faroe mi hi, Djaiss J\su I' he cried pitoMsly. Ifande smiled, Toi* smile wai of klsdr«d Idod totbe one which hi J wreatbed fa Up eo stgatfioanUy on the Djver-rca-1. Hs laid his white hand an the still ('azsdprieit's shoulder. " Com", Father, come Thesald pkaiantlf. *• We are not at Tyburn yet;** Mr Billard shaddecsd. Thea he rose to hi* feet, and psoed tha room without (peaktag. But for asme moment* his atop, nasally so firm, wandered, aad his face remain d blanched with the tenor of hi« dream. A bnmiag thirst, moreover, parched him { a dreadful singing throbbed in his ear*; aad hs saw dimly at oat does on recovering from a swoon. Hs seised upon s jar ot water which stood by th* table, aad drank a dmp draught THE* he eyed Maodr keenly. May I never sleep more," he said, if to ale»p meins so todream."' He put his hand* to his heart, and then losked at them ta a strange, shrinking, dazed sort of war, ai IT he half expected to e them TFOID-stained. MaudetmBed the same smile again at this gesture, " Y- u have slept twelve horns notwithstanding," he aald. Howl Is it middayf By this we should have beea well oa our RO«d Into Derbythirel Why woke you MS not at dawn. Mauds, ai I dswiBdr . *' Father, yon needed rest. It mMllke-I me to disturb yoa. Yoar sleep seemed to me so sweet." Oace more Mr Ballard shuddered. " My dreams were bittvr," he said ; thee going on in theeeosntsof a sort of stem *dfreproacb, "but I deserved their sting, Maud*, for what bat soldw, so dedicated as myself, to do with slssp F" " Tbe JP *T untiring must some day W'." " Best 1" crlet Mr Billard with a sigh, and a wan, upward glance of longiag, before which the hfavea o( hit faith opened it* inestimable TRET'URE*; "NRTF'TA cried. " Tha ealy true rait will coma tome at last, and the time, it may be, i* not far dfotani. But the great work haa yet to tie dona that r may gain itl Much has to be endured, Maade, before that—that Vestsd day may dawn I Weariness, my son, and Utter waj- ND sorrow. Aad It may be to aad dtath T" The Blessed Virgin forfend," Maud*. Mr BA 1 lard, for aaswar, fell EO his knees aad prayed. Mr Maade, also on bis kaeea, watched -with oonfased feellags which be oould not fathom, but which h«d ta them something I of aanentitioaB fear, the ferpeoatpoarisgs of , this soul of iron, a* he sought Heaven's assistance for a wotk whUfc Maiila haft already doomed. The orael trony of UCA •truck rify thii aecunsd *py'« blnntod sense so PROFOUNDLY, that for a ntnwen* KE even FDT moved to relent, a blind impn'ss seised him to Mi aU; to abow hismelt ta his «na eooons to reveal TBEDI-evtstaof this jour- W being fionseoatsd } to be hnman— TO>S pitiful lot OUQS1 ^NTU the Urihof e illng* LA VAOL heaita be zaia, fhatr , llfaiilsoistmnstpat. ^TbesevendevB* ' ponjpei thi* agent ware not to bs so east oat. Mr Ballard's eiayar ended DENLY: Mr Maada was stffl Mr Maade, when fce LB»,rpse BOM blakness. Within an H<MR, the two, riding #L#s by t dds, *IL*nt,B«t 'nMparabls as evsr, WTTE oa their road tota P«riyshl But 1 theswy rfig|wr«< S Us Jpifattol a*-this JswMtfe m J^ftWwMflutsi fcfedrstft pas- \- «*«h ttMA »#»as5»d • J^RJ^^WJ^PP of THA Dcv r road It was perbap* tbi» vrt D ttesrsen to bis design which made MM cloak hit emotion aader thseambltacaaf BTENNLY traveL This soldier of fortune on f*rl ogh ml hi* apruce AARVIDC^maa, aOame a* TH«Y wers with the FL- eof drsadiol latantios, NU>*»d watknitSt moderately; Inaed for the night atmow frrqaente* bonss*; the serving man extramaly atteBtive, with a scot of strained attention, almost, to Us master, bat very icspectfally keeptag ID* pleas I his matter bearing himsalt ss tor parataly a* a LOW OOONTRY captain might; brasqaely <^VII toft liow-TRAVELLER* on the rocd ; decently festive at TH« board ; with Rocd story of aiventare always ready ta FIFTVOR th» wins cup, »n* a soldier"* glat properly appieaiative of ebambermaWs' neat Bo tbete tw» travelled. Captain Fortescae riding leimiely forward, with hit eerviaginan always closely pressing to his side; popalar with most people, sospeetsd by none; TTLI on the evening ot tbe fourth day THS gabtes el the Peacock Ian at Wingfie d shone against the sunset. Here they alighted. At sight of the familiar scene, Bollard's mind want btck to URN iacldsnt ot VTI* year befoie. He recalled H»,«« then •tpraaasdfor the triamph of the Gatholo C*U*e, now so suddenly to bo accomplished. Hts heart humid within bitn. But he rema in *d outwardly calm, and det'red the landlord to show him to a private r<*>M. Mr Maade, having performed that part of his outward doty which lar in seeta* ths . homes comfortably quartered, hastened to repeat the event ta hi* matte?. Ha f mad htm closeted with another aoldter, red-bearded, FL«J-eyed,whoee braaea looln, harsh voice, and dafiaat manner gave more evidence perhaps of long companionship with hard servtos than was to bs noticed in Oaptain Forteune's gentlemanly enthusiasm. The Strang*!'* claim to eoldi*r'* title wss teal, and had been gained on derperaes fieldsnader lha D«ke of Parma. Mr Mauds eyed him auspiciously. H< knew the man. Bat hii master BAI not prepared hi in FOR THT meeting. He mistrusted th s tsorctitetuij Mr Ballard, however, appeared completely at his ease. " Tois is Mr Savage," he said," who was the first to take this great deed upon him, as I have before advieed you t" "Mr Mande and myself are already acquainted," said Savage. " By report/' said Mr Mande. Mr Savage turned on his heel. " By rep re," he echoed, and spat on the floor. i'he words were spoken disdainfully, and the action which followed them did not inspire oonfidenoe. Mr Maude put his hand on his sword softly. The other, however, appeared neither to notice nor to care nhat men thought of his actions. sxtof binttl desperation breathed from him. He strode to the door, opened it, looked out, as if to satisfy himself against eavesdroppers, then closed it again, aad swaggered up to Mr Ballard "By GOD, sir,' he said, "thia politic delay of yours in 'HS deliverance of thia suffering realm heaves my heart up! Month-) since, under Dr GTFW d'A directions at Bheims, I, John Savage, took this deed upon my sole shoulders. By yon have I been put back from it on the plea of sorer ways to be discovered. Time passes, aad nothing is accomplished. I have waited for yoa here these three days. I have a mind to post Ltmdonwaidi myself on the instant and pat end to the business." 6MH determination shone in the man's ppeech and gesture that Maude trembled for the miscarriage of his p'.an. Tbe success of US share of it demanded no such precipitancy. Ballard misgivingly. He looked at MT But he had no cause for fear. In the presenci of the real soldier Mr Ballard put <FF the soldier'S habits. He became the silken priest—resolute as steel, as unbreakable, bat in manner pliant ARID polished. ~ j *' The enthusiasm natural to this mom ANT," he said softly, "and, indeed, inseparable from ir, exoases in my eyeji such rash ebullitions as these. They are, however, to be avoided, leading as they rarely do—as events have so repeatedly demonstrated—to the failure of schemes the most maturely planned, and thence to the quartering-block at Tyburn. NO one, Mr Savage, doubts yoar C ML in this fcusi- A-sst nor, so far as I am aware, does any oae deny that you first took it opon yourself. Toe question is not one ot ycur intention, but of your opacity, anaided to cany thtt intention safely into TFF^ot Of thia point, head*, perhaps, sir, more politic than yours, have thought fit to be donbtfal J and, in eaah esse, a little more self-restraint might perhaps beome you in the presence of your spiritual superior." ' This rebuke wae delivered with an easy is fluency, aa extreme politeness aad a delicate irony which barbed EVERY sentence, and sent the lesson intended to be conveted by it STRAIGHT to the hearer'S heart. Mr Savage's brutal effrontery left him J his bold glance drooped before Mr Ballard's steady gat S. What is to be done, air F he asked. We «U dine first, at your good pleasure," answered MR Ballard calmly, •for Mr Maude here and myself have been for hears in saddle." Then, when Mr Savage had returned from giving the suggested order, Mr Ballard said to him, quietly:— Has Mr Savage during bis three days' A sojourn here—»HICH I am sorry to have so prolonged—made it his business to discover the shortest toad to Mr Anthony Babington's at DethiokF' 1 know the road blindfold." That is well," said Mr Balltrd; "we will ride there after dinner." The three sat down to a dish of trout from the Amber, A capon, and a flask of fine claret, reserved solely by a Catholic landlord for palates profoundly orthodox AA they did no, a slovenly-dressed, countrylooking gentleman delivered a eeal«d letter into MT Anthony Babington'A hands as he *aa pacing the smooth award of the bowling-green of his house at Dethick, three miles away, his fair head bent in a sort of melancholy dejection, his fine eyes fixed dreamily on a long view of swelling bills, sunset-lighted, and waving purple woods—above which rooks stooped caving —and green fields along which lengthening shadow* lingered. Mr Babingtoa no longer resembled the tcanoed hosaeman of the year before. A year's lapM had tinged hia life with leaving for France Mr Ballard had sent him word Chat great events might be expected, and also a cipher for future nae. But he had heard nothing farther einoe, and the motive-power which t) his ears had lent vague hope sjgnifoanne had gradually lost ITS stoength. Circumstances which even to his esngnina enthusiasm seemed insur mmntable had parted him TORever from tbe object of Us blind wocahip. The Queen of Soots was no longer a REM tally guarded guest at Wingfidd, Chi worth, or BUXT«I, enjoying that amount of liberty which permitted TO hec blind adocer a eight, however transient, ot tbe jeot ot HIS strange psaeioaj but a done prisoner at Chartley Manor HOUSE, under tfaelcpk and KEY of a mere tjebestrjan, whose precise Puritanism winked at no peooadiloee- Ttoe Kteat eptritaal passion of a Daato c alone flameunfel. Aad la the wild scataa of adnsattm which had bound young B tngton a treaoed cap ive in the tangtrain sictim* toMaiy Bmwatfs torriWabeaatyan sarthUer fixe bumad, A moment's gimpas ot her between loag absences sent hi* M rioting- Thtoogh the length o< mad, lo ridsa tqr mooafight, by aanast, over w whbsh <sheml|^l have trod thn«h sot»*r yiteh hsreyfi mipt bays dwelt os, maddt tag memoriea et her staage physical beas fanrtMs twain. Tbe warm pnaauie of Inng whito fingersstill seared Us hsads. A Mbcta perfame from har gloves, a parfnm pecnllariy htts, iataricatsd him. SnldM «om« witdt which tnnafigiuad hsr pal* fa y jewels. strayed reveller smitten by thgoddes* roamed mare FIERCELYov«r the m on lights! s'epes of Cit' «e-TM than Aathoat Bibtngtoa did over tbe green hills about BL> Derbyshire home when msmoriessttcb** these Stong him to stadnesi. Thea, indeed, HE wai the fanatic who would have impale* hbasslf, smiling, a sea lot who would have walked through F IS tor a stalls, Bat now tint he had been so long parted from tbe caase, ths madasss gradsally left n- him. Mary Staart lived la his memory. Indeed, as hi* lawf SI Sovereign tnachsroosly be!d ia bonds, for whoee cavae all true CMholic a sword* ahould start from their asabhstd*at her ileast sign; yet tha, other which, aanottced as it RAOUUNA, andowtd .ee side of his demotion tobar—that hidden side, chivalry with real f IROA—BAGAU alo wly to die out A marriage, arranged though it was for fortune's sake, helped to smotbsr it. A child wa* bora, aad the flame dwindled lower. BIT, faint a* it wu, ths firesmoullsred ready at a moment'S notice to bust oat. That moment was come. At Babingtoa, with a curiosity scarcely route', took this latter which the loutish-looking country gee tic man handed to H M, a atraage, terrible perfume diffat'd itself. Bsbtngtan'S brain reeled. His whole blood surged upwards at this scant, which annihilated a ysar's laps* in a moment, and brought UM oace MATE In communion with the passion of HI* life. White a* a ghost, BE plucked at the fastening* with trembling fingers. The lettsr wai written in cipher. Tha cipher seat to him by Ballard WAS now to b* tisi. Btbinftoa sank oa to a garden bench. For a spaca hs was unable to pmsn Umieif ot hi* ttsasnra from shear exc tsment. Hia eyet rested SS is his head that he could see nothing; his hivtt trsmblat, as IF an ague fit held H'M. Thea ptiufslly, with tbe cipher's aM, hs read the foltawiag ltaee, brief, commonplace, matter of feat, b<U whose terrible iaflasnos was toast a tragedy in action :— "TRUSTY AND Wbll Bkiksvhd,— " TbU TO aot to assort YOU of oar faith in year fidelity to oarselves, of which wa have proof abaniant; but to give yea note that WE have heard from our servant M *gaa, from P^RLS, that your thoughts are still of •j*, and wait opportunity solely to fracttfy ia dsada. Know as well that this new channel opened tor correspondsnoe it assured, of which ths bearer will mors FU 'IY acqaalat jou.—From Cbartlsy, this day of Jane, " HABY, the Qsetn " To ths mist dingais^ied Oitbolio, Matter Anthony Babingtoa at his hotus at DITHICK." For some moments after reading it, Babington stood staring, astoan'sd at tUi letter ciaspad in both hands, at dased to all surroundings as might bs somt baccaaaer who after traversing subterranean pass -ges, overcoming unhsar'-of obstacles, and faint with de*pair aad fatigue, fouad himself sudden>y at a corridor'* turn, alone aad living la the inexhaustible treasure-trove of Pera t Presaatly he recovered himself slightly, and from the letter, which H-9 TTILI held clasped Us eye passed to ths bearer. And you, sir—who ars reemmendsd t me la THL* lettu," he said—" whs are yon T" The yoaag man, who was dttssed simply aa a ooontry squire, and looked a loititk specimen of hi* clat*, replied limply that he was Thomas TMflen, master of a neighboring (State cf Brocklsy, I»T twelve mils* distant, which BABINGTON kntw by name. Mr Twitfca farther alleged that, la the moiniag of that day, a Catholic neighbor, rsiidsat twelve miles from htm. gave him the picket, tailing him no mom than that it was ot tuprems lmportanse to the cause, which wai a 1 that HIS neighbor had beea T>ld by a third Ostholic STAIRS who had bioaght it to ths neighbor. That ao doabt a tins ot commaoieatlon had ban si opened to Be thick from whenever ths letter cams from. Farihermore tha yoaag tquire wat naable to depena. He was, bowaver, glad that a mttter EF sapreme tmrortance to the eaase had lad HIM tothu* MAKA the acquaintance of Mr Bibiaftoa, of whom err of Stopbosad*! he BAD often heard. Would ha ride over aad see him ons day? He, Mr Tw>FF<N, brewed excellent home- bear—or rather hit housekeeper DII. HE wa* obliged, but at the moment he wo a Id not try a glacs of Mr Btb<agtoa'«—HAVING somewhat cx&edel; hlmsslf after a day'* fithing the night before. Meanwhile, M- Bablagtoa might andentan * that aay answer to tha delivered letter might he safely entrusted, sealed, into HI% (Jtr T wlff-?«'•) hand*, WHTN be would carry it to hi* neighboar, aad hi* aeighboar's neighbour would carry it forward. Wai. H cxplaaattoa* GIEAN, he paid his adienx clumsily, aad lurcicd off, . attended by Btbirgton to his horss. Feverishly BaUagton raturned to tha garden. D^saeration sat upon him. Wss he not in train bswitche-T 1—A doomad m«->, after a brief reiplte, stricken again LY tie odd*I« ? Subtle, myatariont ee*onc s tieathed from the letter clenched in HLI hand, mounted to his brais. intox'cat d ht-N. Made waa In the air. Brerywbe r, ta tits moonlight's a'lver ahaen FIoding wood aad dale, LA the deeptst depths < f th garden's vurdoroos gloom, tmpapable preseaom fiMted. The air wa* alive. P»L* faces, wreathed la mystic smiaa, peered at UM; white tapering fiagera, clogged with strange jewel*, beckoned him forlornly TO same fantastic goal; from buah and biar th> M'-tallic gleam of sbie og eyes allured ; everywhere in thia garden, heavy with the roies' soent, visible mcmoriss of hit mlstre** * beauty riotoatly thruagad. Vsaas bamlt was in postessioa! Venas in raff aad farthingale, with gold cracffi* hanging from her waist, and a MTMAL In H-r pale hands, bat a* death-dealing in this gait* as any goddess of Ortek'* frencied VISLOA RWAG engirdled from the sea. A* faster and fa* er Us brain* riotous creation swarmed npoa him, tha mystic side of Btbington'* passion mlagled lteelf with his religions enthasfsea, and found vent ia ons raptarou excUmatioa in which 'ovs became faith. *'MARYL"-HE cried—his htnds stretched forth, bla haggari faca turned upwards to ths moonlight—" Mary I Adored I Sacred 1 White Base of our Holy Ohufch I Oieen OT thy slava'S humbleat bomag«! Woata*er thou Mddest me I will d> I For thy sike I will walk through fire 1 Command MS only TIIAT thou may'et prove my devotion I I st ms now to the bitterest attormost, now— even now—that tboa may'sl aisare thyself of my FIDTH I" There came, ss If in ant war to hit deliriu a sudden, soft, muffled knocking at the gardtn's slda-gate. It waa so soft, so dep catiag, this kaocklag, t^at the anthasiast mppoaod at firstthat tt was fandad; bat it cmtinasd alstcst without csaslag, but always as soft, maflltd, aad dspce«atiog knocking eonld be. B ibington wont sodde to the door, and opnud it. Thies motionless figure* stood til*at In ths moonlight. (To be Obattausd) 