THE COST OF A CROWN. Hen hi IV. of France said "Paris was •' worth a mass," and he ended a civil war and won the French crown by a judicious change of creed. But a youthful princess, little more than a girl in age, the granddaughter of our own Queen, has«just made an exactly opposite decision. The Princess Aur of Hosse a few weeks ago was betrothed to the Czarevitch, and was required to make a corresponding change of faith and become a member of the Greek Church. The Princess, however, is a good Lutheran and has a fine will of her own, and a cable message reports that she has definitely refused to "swop" creeds, even for the sake of winning not only a husband but a seat on the proudest Throne of the modern world. The Illustrated London Newt of Jane 23 publishes some specially artistic and successful portraits of the crowd of royalties who assembled recently at Cobuig, and amongst these are the portraits of the Princess Axix and the Czarevitch. The Heir of Ail the Bussias, judged by his personal appearance, is the most prosaic of youths. Nobody who passed him in the street would cast a second look upon him unless he knew his great tank. Then the attention might be humorously affected indeed lqr a sense of the disooxd betwixt the common place visage and the huge and perilous destiny. But the Princess Aux has a lace that woidd prick even a drowgjr imagination into attention. It is sweet nnd womanly and refined, but withal of startling gravity and strength—the face of a woman who could make a great derision end jfiay a great part in histoiy. Been on the stage, as the faoe of a Rnrroax ineosne great tragedy, it would hold in sQent wonder a thousand eyas; and over the young, sweet, but powerful face broods a curious sadness, as though thn shadow* great thought, or of a great destiny, had alreadyfallen-upon it. She *Ib the youngestsurvivingdaughter bf the Princess Alice who gave her life awayina Jfias'toiler dyingctiild, and it'is highly credible tliafc the owner of such a face would weigh a crown against a ereed and reject the crown. But why should a good Lutheran like the Princess Alix reject at a cost so great the faith of theQreok Ohuroh 1 The j "man in the street," it is to be feared, has but a very hazy sense of what the Greek Church means or what is the; exact complexion of its creed. Even a moderately well-read man, probably, has \ about the great Eastern Church only a vague sense that it is parted from its { Latin rival by a single Latin word ; it omits the tormJUioque from the Nieene Creed, and finds room for whole tbeolo-' gies in the difference between oixuo&nw; and 6fu>to6<rtw—between the same sub-1 stance and the like substance. But the Greek Churoh has many striking titles to respect. It is one of the oldest forms of Christianity, and { counts nearly 100,000,000 adherents. ; It claims to represent the theology of the first seven Christian Councils, it produced the first Christian literature, j counts on the roll of its saints the first-; Christian apostles and martyrs, and -still; claims all the classic soil of Christian I hiBtory—including the Holy Land itself —as its territory. The Greek Church; has never quarrelled with the Reforma tion which gave Luther to the world; it is elaborately courteous, indeed, to Protestantism, and its students betake themselves quit© naturally to German Universities. On the other hand, the Greek Church has' a truceless quarrel with the Roman Catholic Church, a quarrel which is but one expression of the profound discord betwixt the East and the West, and of the historic feud betwixt Rome and Con stantinople. One of the picturesque scandals of history, indeed, is the j great quarrel which raged in a.©. , 869 879 between Photius and Nicolas I., when, before an awe-stricken world, Pope and Patriarch were dis charging anathemas and exoommuni cations against each other. The tiny word. JUioqm by no means measures the whole difference parting the Eastern and the Western churches. The Greek Church not merely denies the twofold procession of the Holy Ghost affirmed in the Nioene Creed by that mysterious polysyllable; it rejects the whole theotyof the Papacy, commands its priests to marry, gives the i communion in both kinds to the laity, j and uses the vernacular in publicj worship. Yet it is quite intelligible that j a convinced and earnest Protestant likej the Princess Aux might well count the | acoeptauce of the Greek Church too great a price to pay for even an Imperial crown. The Eastern Church still keepB the old Greek Calendar, and its almanac is, therefore, eleven days behind true astronomical time, and this fact is sym bolic. The church that is is singularly reactionary and stereotyped. Rus sian Christianity in ten centuries has, like the Bourbons, learned nothing and foigotten nothing. In point of intelligence, culture, and liberality, it is in the nineteenth century practically what it was in the sixth, with differences which aro all to its discredit It has produced no thinker or reformer ; it has written no book the world cares to read. Its morality is by no meanB of heroic temper. Its ritual is strongly Oriental—a patch work of gestures, prostrations, washings, and processions, all conducted withl serai-barbaric pomp and much more] than semi-barbario want of intelligence. Greek worship, Bean Stanley wrote many years ago, " is a union of barbaric " rudeness and elaborate ceremonial " ismand Tolstoi in his latest book draws a picture of the inner life of the Eastern Churdh which may well make the healthy imagination shudder. A strong idolatrous strain runs through the Church which puts the sacred ikon in the corner of every room, in the knapsack of eveiy soldier, over every gateway and railway station and tavern, and always as a serai-magical charm. The Greek Church, too, is savagely intolerant. It permits, if it does not inspire, the ferocious Judenhetze, and the oppression of the Stundists which so shock the modern instinct of tolera tion. It is possible, of course, that the re fusal of the Princess Alix to accept the Greek faith may not have a theological inspiration behind it. Love oounts for something, even amongst royalties, and the affection of Mm Princess may have settled on some other object than Hue Czarevitch. A sensible girl, indeed,might well shrink from partnership in the-peril fringed glory of tlm Russiantbrone, firi! Iwum definsda ship .an "a prison* I "with the chance of being drowned ahd the dwelllngof the CfcZA.it might be described, with entire accuracy as a palooe with a high .probability of being poisoned or blown up by dynamite. The Oka a, indeed, must wake up every morning with a sense of puzzled astonish ment at finding himself still alive ! It is possible, of course, that a bridegroom about whom hangs suoli a prophetic flavour of dynamite may well be too much for the nerves of Princess Am. The OfcAB, however, cannot yield and accept a heretic as the bride of his son. Be is Pope as well as Czar; the personal head of the Greek Church, the "Holy "Father" of all Russia as well as its absolute despot. The political hopeB of the empire, too, cluster round its Church. Constantinople is to the Eastern Church what Rome is to the Western; it is its geographical and historical centre, and the heir of all the Russias could not marry a bride who rejected not only the faith but the politics of the empire. The whole situa tion is curious and dramatic ; but the Princess Ahk has at least added flavour of romance to the prose of modern royalty, by deliberately refusing to win both a husband and a crown at the cost of a change of creed which, rightly or wrongly, affronts her con science. 