Miscellaneous. From the latest English files to hand we take the following interesting items : — A marriage is about to take place between the grindson of the Queen's h3,lf -brother (the late Prince Leiningen) aud th ; granddaughter of ber Majesty's half-sister (the late Princess Hohenlohe), children of the Duchess of Kent by her first marriage. At a meeting presided over by the Duke of Cam unuge, it was ueuiueu. uu iuusu a. meuiuntH iu uie ia,ie Sir Andrew Clark, in connection with the London Hospital. The national monument to the Emperor William of Germany is to cost £400,000, Last year's record of sunshine reached the remark able total of 2024 hours, the highest previous record (in 1887) being 18S3 hour3. The steel work of the great tower for London at Wembley -park now rises to a height of 150ft, and it may be completed in the coming spring. London is also to be provided with a gigantic wheel aud towers, after the model of the Chicago marvel. The wheel is to be 300ft. high, and have attached to its circumfer ence 40 passenger carriages, each to hold 40 persons. Another longest English word, ' antuatitudinari anism,' has been given. The Germans have such combinations as . ?? Jungefrauenzimmerdurch schwiudsuchttodtungsgegenverein ' and' Constan tinopolitanischerdudelsackpfeifergesellenherbergsme- ister.' A London magistrate stated that a mistress was justified in sending away a domestic who was suffer ing from ringworm. The hull of an English vessel has just been towed into Galveston. - It had lain at the bottom of the sea for half a century, having recently been washed up b7 a submirins disturbance. The hull of the derelict was covered with seashelh. In the cabin were found three skeletons, on? of a man 7ft. high, and several chests, one of which contained £1.000 worth of guineas datel 1839. Watches and jswels were destroyed by the action of the sea-water. Ships entirely laden with cotton have reached the port of Minauester. For the passage of the canal one ve333l paid tolls amounting to £2lG. One of the eirliest consignments was an Egyptian mummy {I 4003 years old. [I The number of coins struili at the Mint last year |9 w is : Goll (sovereigns and half ^sovereigns) 9 ll,3)7,.50 »; sllvar, 4o,43l,4il ; bronz3, 29,91S,-527. (1 A colliery is likely to be owned and run on co- jj operative principles, in order to set aa eximple in (s the pa.ym.3nt of a living wage. IS Daring ths past year no fewer than 2,514,511 car cases of frozen aheap and lambs, and 171,640 quarters of beef arrived in England from New Zaaland and Australia, another 1,373,723 sheep boiug received from the River Piite. The viuegrowers of Belgium purpose establishing mirkets in London for the cheap sale of grapes. The Chirlecote estate, Stratford-on- Avon, ou which Shakespeare is said to have gone deer-stealing, is in the market. PremiseBin Bishopsgate-3treet, announced for sale, occupy the site of 'Fisher's Folly,' where Quecij Elizxbeth wis entertained and presented witli the first pair of scentea gloves ever brought to this country. A dog entered the Birmingham Hospital having one of its frout paws crumed. Amedicil attendant dressed the inj ured foot, the d)g showing its grati tude by licking its benefactor's hands. A ghost created considerable alarm in a village churchyard in the West of England. The apparition, clad in ghostly array, wa3 iu the habit ol swoopiu^ down upon wayfarers with the requsst, ' Show me my grave !' He made tae request once too ofteii. He was captured, and turned out to be a hunun being, who has siuse been laid up with mSlusnzi. A steel steamer, the Berlin, has been launched at Hull for the Great Eastern Railway's continental service between Harwich and the Hook of Holland. It is a companion steamer to the Chelni3for i, already on the same route. A housemaid recovered damages froai tho Earl of Clancarty for wrongful dismissal. She had betiu sent about her business because she refused to carry coal about the house. Tiie Judge held that a house maid in a nobleman's family should not be asked to carry coal. A Judge has ruled that a husband, going to live away from his wife at his mother's house, is rightly charged with desertion. A Croydou gentle aiau, who sue;? a firm of solicitors to recover certain letters or damages, was awurdu I one farthing. As the defendant had paid £2 into Court, the Judge ordered the repayment to him of £1 19s ll*d. The South Wales express, going at GO miles an hour, cut right through the trunk of a tree which hid fallen across the line. A goods express was wrecked near Leicester, through a huge roll of paper falling unler tiia wheels. Mr. Monsou has commenced actions in the Queen's Bench to restrain the Tussauds from exhibiting his effigy. It raises the question whether a person's face is copyright. A Paddingtou confectioner was fined for usiug b.d eggs in the manufacture of sponge cakes. Mr. Labouchere states that his costs in the recent Zierenberg libel case have been £4791. A Vienna woman is said to bs driven almost mad by the never-ending sounds of music proceeding from her heart. Medical experts also declare that musical tones, in a high pitch, cau be heard proceeding from the woman's beait. The son of Mr. Conkling, a New York millionaire, is supposed to have been kidnapped while returning to school, aud a reward of £1000 Las been offered for his recovery. There is living in Glasgow almshouse a lady, aged 98, who iu 1822 attended a ball at Holyrood Palace aud danced with George IV. Five generations are living in the village of Skcl hngtou, near Grantham, the great-great grandfather bsing in his 97th year. The wife of a labourer at Great Baddow has twins for the third time, the second occasion being only a year ago. Altogether she has 19 children. Lord Lovelace, who recently died, when a lad kaew a geutleman who had dined with one of the sentinels who was present at the execution of Charles I. over 240 years ago. The sentinel died at the age of 110. ? 