CATHOLIC MOTES. A oomjomohjbaa baen get on loot among Catholios of all nations for the bnilding of a churoh to Our^acly of the Bosaty apoa the shore of ftepantb. THB Sadred'Ocfngregation of Bites at Borne has bfeen considering a course of action in regard to churoh tausio. Its decision was supposed to be ready, bat instead a Commission fhas been appointed to communicate with all the Archbishops of Italy. Whether the expected reform is to touch Italy solely or pecaliarly does not yet appear.. Nowhere else, assuredly, is a little reform, more needed.—Weekly Register- MB. CHAUNOET M. DEPEW, the distinguished American orator and railroad king, had an audience with his Soilness Leo XIII. a few days ago, and in his account of the interview he says:—I watched him carefully, and I can say confidently that the talk' about his being in *a feeble and broken-down condition is all Jboph. fie is a slender man, as is Mr. Gladstone, but taller, and therefore seeming to be more thin. His face is thin, and he has long, finely-cutfeatures^^tricily Italian in contour. It weak, and that v , Btantly, as with pjflifc'That have dined tiite: circumstances wi of his general hesitation in sayi certainly,as much Mr. Gladstone. The Popfc-itrnMemonths older than Mr. Gladstone, and I consider .him, if anything, the stronger man of the two." SOME secular newspapers, in recording the ' betrothal of the Archduchess Carolina, abbess of the Retreat for Noble Ladies in Prague, have assumed that the princess was a professed sun. 01 coarse this is not so. The title is a survival from medieval days, when convents and religious houBes for women were placed under the protection of the families of the reigning houses. The youug archduchess' siBter succeeds to the historic abbessy. _ . THIRTY' parish priests of the diocese of Padua recently met, under the presidency of tbeir Bishop, and discussed the best means of increasing the influence of the Ohurch amongst the working classes. The resolution arrived at was that the priests should ' devote themselves to the formation of parochial committees and mutual aid societies.' . , CARDINAL VACGHAN on 24th December, .preaching at St., Patrick's, Soho-sqaare, .London, referred to the number , of, mixed .marriages which took place .in that district, and to this cause attributed the neglect on the part of many Catholics of tbeir religious duties. This, be said, was a very serious matter, the occurrence of which the Church had to deplore, not only throughout that diooese, but he might say to some extent throughout the country generally. When the pareintB perceived their children mani- festing tendencies in this direction it was their, duty to interfere at once, and stop, if possible, the almost inevitable dangers resulting from these forbidden marriages. TBE funeral of Bight Bev. Dr. Power, Bishop of St. John's, "Newfoundland, took place on 7th December. The procession waB the largest ever seen in Newfoundland. All business was suspended. The chief mourners were Bishop Brennah, Assistant Bishop of the diooese; Dr.' JoneB, Episcopalian Bishop; and Sir Terence O'Brien, Governor . x>f ' Newfoundland. Many Protestant clergymen and all the , leading Protestant laity were in the prpeession. THESE are about 160,000 negro, Catholioa in the United States; there are twenty-one sisterhoods teaching in 108 schools over 8000 negroes. Four communities are especially devoted to the . negroes—the Sisters of St. Francis; the Sisters of the Holy Ghost, San AntohiO, Texas; the Sisters of the Blessed Sacrament, Mother • Catherine Drexel's .community, and the Mission Helpers of Baltimore. St. Joseph's Seminary of Baltimore and its feeder, the Epiphany College, Highland Park, Baltimore, are, training young men for, the negro jniBsioris. A nejv building was opened for the students of St. Joseph's Seminary oh the feast of,,the Immaculate Conception, Cardinal Gibbons officiating. " ON the feth,$th, and 10th o! Janpary the tielebration of the centenary oi' the Bev. . MotherM. Teresa Ball, thfe foundress tf' the • Iioretto Order, took place sit LorettoAbbey, Bathfarnham, Dublin. The Archbishop of Dublin was present during the first day's proceedings."— "r^rrr.rr THE Pope has just issned another appeal "(in a letter tothe BiBhbp" •of Antun) tothe Catholics of France tb loyally accbpt "thfe Republic 'Sis Holineks' regards '4 'cordial tinders landing between Church arid State for 'the amelioration'of the existing condition'of society as 'the baSt pfeventive of 'the spread jot Anarchist adeas; atad 1 Byph ob-operatioh < ! oah be test secured by the batholio people •oi Frainoe talking loyally to the existing Orde .of tWngb'iin'toeStatei-' J : - Tto 'ArohdioceSe ^f Toahi iost^to 7th < Jariu"ayf,'<«n excellent priest -by the dfeajfch j •the Vetf Bev. CabhdT Ger^htjjf.'VhB miiotifcelovedipastor of Bt&an-.;^alfyhiMiniB. H ideath has tocoaBionedwidespread -sorrow and regret. He lived to the advanced 'age ; bf SB years, ®8 of"whinhheTievotedtb'th*e~ChUrch. He was born in MpylongJj, cpuijty Galway, .and belonged ..to a , family whichfarjgeneBa- -(iionshasgiven. priests: !«ndnung< tothe Church. , .•v''" lft '-. ° "I,"'/ V; Qssi P^plift '„.(Bontsiiapo'rary,,. theT'j&i; id'Italia, is responsible for ihfc statement that the Hoi)', Father is^engaged 1 upWah wt'lhit an end to all aiflerenoes with regard to musio THS Very Bev. John Mulqaeen.PJ?;, .7 J 1 ., Shanagolden, died ftt the presbytery, on 4th January, from an attack ot influenBa. Fr. Mulqueen was horn in the year 1834. at Corkamore, Co. Limerick. He received his early education at St. Vinoent'a .College, Gastleknock. THE death of the Very Be?,, Jeremiah Canon M'Evilly, P.P.,. punmdre, County Galway, took plaoe at his residence on Wednesday evening, 3rd,.January. \Canoit M'Evilly—brother of the Ar6hbishop of Tnam—was one of the oldest and most respected priests in the diocese of Tuam. THE Stonyhunt Magazine sayS I—Many Stonyhurst boys will heafrwithregrfetof the death of good old Mr.' Sitcom, thetauBic* master. For over thirty years he has done his daily duty here with a loyalty and exactness above all praise. We believe he never missed a lesson through ill-health ti)l be got the influenza; and old age—he had. just celebrated his eightieth birthday—never made him coddle himself in the least. £n all weathers the hardy old man cameand went without a topcoat,' and faced with wonderful perseverance the long, monotonous hours of teaching pupils of all Sdrts. We shall all miss the cheery old man, always ready with a kind word and a-joke; and Bhall look in Vain to see him hurrying across the playground in the face of a blinding southwester, telling his beads as. he went." AT St. Francis Xavier's Church the League of the Sacred Heart, an organisation of 16.0(H) members, under tbe direction of the Bev. J. F. X. O'Conor, S.J., has (says the Irish-American) been devoting all ife energie to the relief of the suffering poor. This society had established a shrine of great value, and projected placing il magnificent window in the left transept of the ohureh, when the ory went up in the city. Asin the olden days, the altar plate and golden vessels were sold to feed the hungry in time ot need, the league will change its donation of the window into bread for the poor. TBB Bev. Anson T. Colt, a missionary of the Church Mission to Deaf Motes, and in charge of the Protestant Episcopal Mission of St. :David's at Woodbine-street and Knickerbocker-avenue, Brooklyn, yras baptized into tbe Boman Catholic faith on 20th December by Fr. Halpin, S.J., in St. Francis Xavier College. Mr. Colt's change ot faith was the result of ten years of struggling with religious questions, - Mr. Colt is about thirty yiars old. He is a nephew of the late Bishop Brown, bf the Episcopalian diooese of Fond dtr LaCi'and by him was ordained a clergyman ten years ago. ., •.•.'•'> THE \Rev. Bichard S. Wood, forinerly Army Chaplain at Karseong, India, was; received into the Church by Fr. Gavin, at; Farm-Btreet, on 21th December. j THE JAFANESB AKD THE HOT JBATH.—The comparative'freedom bf the Japanese from' leprosy and those disgusting Skin diseases found among Chinese is ascribed to their frequent use pf the hot bath. Some interesting information on the subjeot is given in an article in the last number of the' Chinp. Medical Missionary Journal, entitled. " Ho and Medickl Bathe for the Treatment of Leprosy in Japan," by W. £. Burton, bf Tokio. The enormous temperature of the hot baths employed for curative purposes in Japan would seem to suggest that it Is the case of <kill or cure, for even tbe ordinary Japanese bathe in water which, as the author says, if fbelow lOOdeg. is considered too .cold, and anything above 120deg. unpleasantly warm. For leprosy, the temperature -of the waiter is bo high that no European could possibly stand it, though the Japanese think that thei:e is nothing extraordinary in it. Apart from the alleged poWet of the irnedicated hot bath to cure leprosy/ there is no deubt that the general healftiness «f the Japanese' is greatly due to their habit of frequently bathing in hot water. BEV. MOTHKB AQBBBI'B BBMEDIEB.—Bev. Mother Aubert, writing on 24th October to •the manager of her remedies 'in Melbounie, states am very pleased^ to ^hear that the medicines are seUiqg eo,,Wl in jMelbo^e. I should suggest that yop highly recommend Natanata as an invaluable tonip fo ibabieBapdchildrensuSerinfefromvjomitingand ohrbtiio diarrhoea. It has al^ayf given me the most iSatiBfaotory results at the dose ot a teaspoonful morning and night.' ; 