TALK ON 'CHANGE. In the bright lexicon of Councillor Con nibere, major of St. Kilda, there are no such words as " strong drink." His attitude on the question will be quite clear to anyone who considers for one moment the derivation of his name. " Conni " comes from a Scotch word "canna," meaning "I can not," as in the well- known and beautiful lines, ' I canna, canna, winna, winna, mauna, buckle tae. " Bere" is derived from "beer," a well known intoxicating fluid of amber colour and pleasant flavour. When it is made in the colony expressly for importation from Germany it is spelt " bier." A very slight philological knowledge thus enables us to ascertain that Councillor Connibere is a man " who canna (or cannot) beer." That is to say, he cannot beer bi oBelf and he will not beer anyone else. And it is precisely at this point that the trouble has arisen in the St Kilda Council. The councillors acknowledge that a man with such a name cannot set his ancestors at defiance and "beer" himself, but there is no reason why 'he should not "beer" them. Councillor Connibere said the whole council had formed itself into a "clique" against him. This means that the whole council resolved itself into a section or part of the council, which is a geometrical impossibility; see Euclid's axioms. The unpleasant difficulty between the mayor of St. Kilda and the councillors as to whether he should supply them with refresh ments was settled by a compromise. The mayor will not supply liquor, but he will not object to councillors bringing a bottle with them. Like all compromises, this is unsatis 1 factory. The Premier, who was present at the meeting in his capacity of Councillor George Turner, has kindly made the follow ing statement to me on the subject:—"My re marks," he said, "are private, but you are at liberty to use them without my consent I do not see how the arrangement can work satisfactorily. At the most a councillor can not carry more than two bottles into the mayor's room at once. Now, I am the leader of the great Liberal party, and I defy any leader to conserve the dignity of that party whilst carrying a bottle of beer in each hand. But putting the question of dignity aside, how, I ask, can you have a great Liberal party on two bottles of beer 1 The thing is manifestly absurd. You suggest that I might put a couple of extra bottles iu my pockets, but no man of my figure could do that unobserved, and aB for Councillor Jacoby and Councillor Moore, who per sonally occupy all the available space in their clothes, it would be a physical impos sibility. I intend at an early date to issue a manifesto on the Bubject which I am sure will be satisfactory to all parties, and will serve to lift the council out of its present depression." I thanked the Premier and withdrew. I Mr. J. E. Mackey, who stood for South Melbourne in the free-trade interest, is a very worthy fellow in some respects, but he haB one great defect. He is a " toff." The Rev. Charles Bell supported Mr. Mackey, and therefore one of his church officers has re signed, for he said that no minister who supported a "toff" could be a friend to working men. Mr. Mackey was not always a " toff." He was not very long since awork ing tradesman, but by his own exertions he has added the letters M.A., LL.B. to his name, and if that does not make a man a " toff," all I can say is that I don't know a " toff" when I see one. The Rev. Charles Bell, if common report is to be believed, has worked so hard for the poor of South Melbourne and given so much that very little of his stipend has | remained for his own use. Was that done like a " toff "1 A " toff" should be made of sterner stuff. One can scarcely sufficiently admire the noble independence of the man who refuses to worship God in the company of a " toff " or the friend of a " toff." It iB to be hoped that the Almighty won't be de ceived by mere "M.A'a" and "LL.B.'s" and good deeds. If He is, our friend will he compelled to give his patronage elsewhere. To prevent unpleasant mistakes, I recom mend to the ex-church officer the occasional use of the following petition " O, Lord, I thank Thee that I am not as other men, a' toff' or the friend of a ' toff.' I thank Thee that I am still enabled to exercise in the cause of the working man all the ignoranee I originally possessed. IextolTbee because I have never been tempted to add to my bumble name the vainglorious ap pendages M.A. and I.L.B., but that I have ever remained in that lowly sphere where Thou and the tyrannic capitalist have placed me. Yisit with Thy reprobation, O Lord, those workmen who seek by their example to ehow that Thy down-trodden ser vants who labour with their hands may by in dustry and intelligence shape their own des tinies. Leave to Thy righteous servants, O Lord, their cherished grievances lest they perish entirely. Sustain Thy petitioner in his humble endeavour to sweep from Thy Temple the almsgiver, the 4 toff,' and the faithless shepherd who is the friend of the < toff.' Banish these serpents from the earthly Paradise which the liberal party and Thou hast created. Deliver me from all temptation to acquire knowledge and become a 1 toff.' Shield me from every touch of charity that I map continue to be that noblest of all thy creations—a friend of the working man—and Thou shall have a considerable portion of the praise." When the ghost of Hamlet's father revisited the glimpses of the moon it was greatly annoyed by the crowing cock, and used to scurry off at its first note. The original of the apparition had no doubt had its earthly slumbers disturbed many a time audj oft by the same old fowl. Now, I am sure it is a great compliment to Mr. Longmore, M.L. A., to compare him to the deceased king of Den mark, and it is equally uncomplimentary to the genial and popular Mr. Staughton to mention him in connection with—how shall I put it?—the "bird of dawning," but there are some resemblances. The reporters who were waiting near the room in which the [ country party held its meeting last week were startled by a sudden commotion in the room. The door flew open, and out there rushed a figure bearing a ghostly resemblance to the Longmore of old. There was the blazing eye, the hair grizzled and erect, the form diminished and bent. As he sped away into spaee there was a ghostly muttering, Staughton avaunt—25 years—still there— O, horrible—I in the 6ame room with Staugh ton—I must away—away—a-w-a-a-a-y," and he vanished. Then a3 the door swung to and fro what 6onnd was it that emerged? Did the imagination err in fancying it a pro longed cock-a-doodle, or was it only the hearty laughter of the ever-cheerful Samuel ? Alas, poor shade ! Has it emerged from its repose only to be constantly put to flight by its ancient antipathy ? Alas ! indeed, for now the bird of dawning siugeth all night long. The professional humourist is not usually good at impromptu, but Mas O'Rell was an exception. On the morning after one of bis lectures in a Goulburn Valley town he was starting for the railway station in the hotel , cab. " Have you paid the bill," he asked bis manager, the "much-travelled." "Yes," was the reply, " everything's right." On the way to the station the local constable—with out whose presence on the platform country trains can't well be despatched—jumped on the back step of the cab to save shoe leether. Max O'Rell looked hard at him, then harder still at his manager, and with his peculiar French emphasis said, "Are you quite sure you paid the bill f Women in their demand for the franchise have determined to catch the popular ear— an organ generally large enough to afford a liberal handful. A gentleman called a few days ago and gave me the option of buying one of two songs at a penny, the first entitled " Woman's Vote," the second " The Song of Peter Jackson." I bought " Woman's Vote," > and consider it remarkably cheap at the price. In quoting a few verses I shall not, I trust, be suspected of a mean desire to filch a sister poet's fire. If I paid my penny for one part more than another it was these few verses:— ' See, the dawn of a new day is breaking, His radiant arms are spread To lift the cloud of injustice So long banging over your head. ' We seek not to disturb the pure waters Which flow from the fountain above, We only ask to be equal in the franchise As well as your love. ' Men say we are not to be trusted, Yet we sit on the greatest throne— The lion throne of Old England, No greater the world has known. " In our hands rest the seal of an empire, Where the Ganges* sweet waters flow; The mighty Empire of India Allegiance to Victoria owe. " Why, then, are we not to be trusted ? We would ask to be shown the cause Why womenshould be debarred from the fran chise, Have no voice in the making of laws." Why ? Because that slavish attention which the amending clauses of the Dog Act, or the bill to regulate the operations of marine store dealers, demands in committee will surely quench that poetic fire which is now your proudest possession. We have so many legislators and so few poets. The 8access of its party at the polls appears to have given labour a better opinion of itself. A clergyman I know had engaged a casual labourer to wash his buggy. When he arrived some of the ladies connected with the congregation were decorating the church. | " Tell them wimmin cleanin' the church," he commanded, " to let the parson know that the gentleman he give a job to has took his buggy to be washed." At the. swearing-in ceremony last week one of the oldest and the youngest members of the House, ss representinga double-barrelled suburban constituency, were called together. The veteran was the observed of all, because he was about to receive the highest honour the House had in its gift, but in spite of all that the youthful tyro pushed in front of him as they approached the table to sign, and wrote his name first. The Chief Justioe looked hard at him—very hard—and though he said nothing I felt perfectly certain that he was thinking a good deal. Of course it was pure youthful thoughtlessness, or, perhaps, the natural flurry of an unfamiliar dignity, but it is juBt such little things as these cause the seniors of the House to declare that most of the youthful Australians who enter Parliament do not permit either respect for age nor veneration for long ser vice to cramp their natural assertiveness or | tendency to push. When you start out with the intention of being gracionB to Melbourne people you are not expected to do things by halves. For example, a lady in my suburb keeps some fine poultry, and for a time Bhe very kindly sent the surpluB eggs to her friends. The practice has been discontinued now, not because the eggs were not freBh, not because they were not acceptable, but simply because the lady got tared of going round every week to collect the baskets in which they had been delivered. Mr. Crooke, of the Lands department, is a successful Angler, and, unlike most success ful anglers, is neither Becretive nor selfish about ibis luck. He caught some very fine trout last week, and many anglers, who were anxious to know all about his tackle and bait, preferred to write to his friends for the information. One of theBe finally tired of being an angling encyclopaedia, and in reply to the stereotyped inquiry, "How does he catch'em?" simply turns down a corner of the page, and writes, "By hook or by Crooke." There had been a raffle for a horse, and as the winner was going out to lead him away the landlord of the bush hotel, always keen for business, said, "Shure'n you'll shout for all hands afther that lump o' luck; your'e not the wan to take a shingle off a poor man's roof, I'll be bound." The winner began by Bhouting, and ended by lending the land lord his horse to cart milk to the creamery for a week. When he called next day the landlord was inspecting a ruined spring-cart, most of the woodwork of which had been kicked to kindling stuff by a drum solo the borrowed horse had played upon it with his heels. "Take your animoile away, yoong man," he said, " an' nivvor let me lufe him in the face agin. Shoor'n I'd rather you'd tuk a dozen shingles off me roof than that mauraudin tief hod tuk all the floorin' boards off me new spring-cart." A Jewish resident of the Wimmera dis trict, who is really as popular as he is pro sperous. induced some of his relatives to leave Whitechapel, come to Australia, and settle on the land. The experiment in settlement may turn out a success, but in one case at least early associations have had their effect. This man has taken three of his first year's crop of pumpkins and suspended them over the doorway as a gentle hint to the farmers that he is still prepared in an un official way to do business in the "oldclo." or mont-de- piete line. This may be his idea of intellectual recreation outside working hours. WOOMERA. 