THE PHANTOMi HORSEMAN, A TALE OF TASMANIA.. I v C.R.G. ?t There are more things in heaven and earth; lioratio, than are dreamt. of in your Iphilo ;o solhy.-Shakspearr. Ia ie I may preface the following true story by \- stating that I have not, and never had, any lot belief in the eapernatural. Spirite- unless le in a liquid state-I reckon but the myths of it the superstitions; spiritualism I estimate as ty arranthumbug,and theso-ealledsupernatural appearances and extraordinary "manifesta d tions" of which we hear so much merely is the natural result of trickery imposing it pon mental weakness. I firmly a. believe that all the singular phenoe mena produced by mediums, clairvoyants, is thought-readers, et hoc ogenus one, are the d outcome of human ingennity or jugglery, and may be readily acoonnted for by those who dip deeply into soientific lore, or who of may happen to be expert professors a of the art of legerdemain. So great o indeed is my contempt for the ghoetly fra t ternity that Iwould as lief eleepn a church. tt yard as in a hotel, were it not for the inconvenience which would undoubtedly be caused by the hardness of a tomb. tstone for a pillow; and feel sure that no respectable ghost would resent myin trusion into the neighborhood of his prison. S flt I am, of course, open to convio h tion. Spirits I am prepared to believe in just s* so soon as they will consent to give W over such schoolboy pranks as rap- . A ping table legs, olashing musical 11 instruments, etc., and will volunteer to do o, something neseful to humanity, enob, for in t, stance, as to give a hardn-p pressman the I e straight tip for the next Melbourne t Cup. An amiable and well trained t bona fide ghost might be made e h extremely useful in many ways. On the staff ' of an evening journal, for example, such an acquisition would be worth untold gold n would, in fact, prove a mine of wealth worth 0 half a dozen Coolgardies. Fancy being i y able, by spirit express, to give a couple b of colums of illustratel description I e of the wreck ef the Alert half an hour i after-or for the matter of that, half an hour h before-it happened, with a full list of v the men's names and their photographs ! Or. I to give the fall scores of our boys' e: cricket matches in England before they were a played. From a utilitarian point of view it a is evident the denizens of spirit land, if they S really existed, should command every succeess t in their overtures to mortals, instead of which h f theyhaveonly contrivedhithertotomakethem. e Sselvesextremelyridiculousanduntrustworthy. If, as I said before, one of them will Pive me the Cup tip I will promise with my wauningp to found a "Spirits' Retreat" somewhere in Bouverie street, and undertake to provide the poor perturbed spirits with chairs, tables, banjos, tambourines, etc., ad lib. for their recreation. It was in Tasmania, about 22 years ago that I saw the Phantom Horseman. The title is a purely fanciful one, as for reasons above stated, I no more believe that he was a phantom than I believe in the libels written about Australian pronunciation. The Stime was, appropriately enough, midnight. It was pitchy dark, and inky thunderclonds covered the firmament and hung over the earth like a funeral pall. A fitting time and night indeed for the perambulations of unearthly visitants, yet I wasyoung, tired, and hungry, anudmy only thought was to get home to a comfortable fire and something to eat. Certainly thoughts of ghosts never entered my head. I was riding homewards front a country house known as "The Ilend" (not the Yarra Bend, incredulous reader) situated on the North Esk river. The lateness of the hour, and the threatening storm induced me to urge my horse to e hand gallop, and just as I turned into a narrow lane about a mile from home the storm burst in all its fury. And it was furious ! Torrents of rain descended-each drop seemed a bucketful; peals of thunder succeededeachotherwith startlingand deafen. ing rapidity, and flash after flash of sheet lightning at intervals of a few seconds lit up the scene and rendered every object as plainly visible as at midday. The lane I was riding in was a very narrow footpath-so narrow that in galloping along my feet brushed against the gorse hedges on either side of me. There was noroomforeven a sheep to pass my horse in the lane ; of that I am certain. In fact it was not once in six months that anybody ever rode along the path; it was ferely intended for foot ers _dIhn n.l ?..t.AaaeioI titt- the ope ogettng home by the nearer way in time to avoid a drenching. About half. way up the lane a flash of lightning more vivid than usual lit up the scene, and to my horrnor it showed me anotherhorseman a few paces in front of me, also riding at fall gallop, and coming from the place to which I was making. The lightning flash enabled me to see everything tio clearly. Tht man was monntedon a grey horse, and was dressed in a light grey tweed suit, th felt hat pressed down over his eyes, and top me boots. He had no overcoat, but a comforter of some kind wrapped roundhis throat. The jet feeling of horror I experienced was not be. - cause of any euperstitious fear, bt r simply because I took horse and riderto be a composed of flesh. blood and bone, like myself and my steel, and knew that under the cir- edh oumstances a collision was inevitable. We were only a couple of lengths apart, both riding at a gallop, and there was not I the slightest possibility of passing Wi each other or of pulling up ourhorses. We Or were as certain to run into each otheras the int Camperdown into the Victoria when is1 Admiral Tryon gave his fatal order. tier I involuntarily shut my eyes and oni awaited the shock. A couple of seconds in suspense and nothing happening, I opened "I them again. Another flash olightning came, and to I my horseman had disappeared, ir and I could see right up the straight not lane to the white gate at the end. I be pulled up, turned round and at the next flash nes looked back whence I had come. The lane He was empty, nor was there any sign of living i thing inthe fields oneither side of the gorse o hedge. ga Well, I rode on home in a state of simple bewilderment. The horseman must have pli called at the house in order to get the key of the gate leading into the lane, but enqnulry l there only intensified the mystery, the a- no one had called since I left five hours previoneusly, and the he gte was, as usual, securely padlocked at for the lane was a private one and "no od thoroughfare" to the general publio. Then Aft Ibegan to think I had at last seen a real live 