k-GG-RIOBS-SflttiftSBMOIt I . (By Jr w. Loxgsdos.) <" The Daemonic is that which cannot be ex plained-by reason or understanding." ',J j*- Goethe, i': •• We were sitting on 'a lumber-barge, slowly floating down a Canadian river; for my friend and I had been duck-shooting in a bark canoe, and, tired of paddling^ had accepted the offer of master of the barge, and had hauled our canoe on board, and we were sitting on the low deck-house listening to some-of his backwoods yarns. -He; was ari Englishman^ but had left home'.'fcefore, the era of compulsory'education. . Se could still-' believe in ghosts; aud the devil .was to. him a j ieal .'malignant;"Spirit, that still whlked-the'i •eafcth.•• : j ■*«;«; hr ov.-j .Well, there was a pause after rh^ batf' .told j one of his stories, and in the darkening,night —*he sun had just set, and there/, is :inu_; twi lightiri Canada—we saw his faceiibecomirig'J more solemn. Thenhe began, bringing 6ut his words in a startled and awestruck niiWrier,;' and asked, 'Did either of you young gentle men ever see a Liggaroo T I felt .inclined to. laugh at this sudden change to solemnity,: and was about to ask him what kind' of a a crea ture bore such a queer name; when, appar ently not waiting for an ansiverj h'e islowly continued, 'I'll tell you how I saw a Lig garoo. It was last fall, or rather later, when the rivers were beginning to freeze. You know,'he threw in by way of parenthesis, 'we bargemen all turn lumbermen in the winter, and go away into the backwoods to cut timber, and pile it on the river banks, ready to be floated down stream when a thaw comes. So off I started with my chum, Joe Sykes. Now mind what I tell you of Joe, for my story's about him. I can't say he was my friend; a more ill-favored man I never saw. But I'll just tell you bow it was. He was sweet on my sister, down in Montreal, and was all fixed to get spliced, when she, poor girl, took sick and died. She was a good sister to me, she was. I never liked Joe, but for her sake I couldn't be harsh to him now, so we became chums. I was sorry for him, too, for he went melancholy-like, and mooned about by himself.' Here I interposed—gently, for 1 sympa thised with the story-teller—but I was curious to find out about this new creature; this Lig garoo. Ho took no notice of my interruption, and went on. ' Well, we travelled up together, a good six hundred miles, and almost,due north, for there's no big timber left now tiny nearer to the towns. We had a rough, cold journey in our sledge, I can tell you, and it wasn't every night we could find a house to j sleep in. Of course, when we couldn't find, a house we had to dig a big hole in the Bnow, and light a big fire: and then if we both went to sleep and let the fire go out, it was cold.'j He seemed to shudder at the recollection. 'Joe Sykes got more sulky and morose, as we went along, and when we'got up to our -ahanty-lie'd hardly speak to me. But 1 soon forgot that. It was no small matter to have a slianty, reugh as it was, over our heads, and jo.'have .a good, fire and plenty of food and companions. For oui? gang num bered about twenty men;1 and — how ever, I see you gentlemen looking im patient, so I'll hurry along, j Joe soon got unpopular, with all his bad temper and surly looks. I had to try—as I was, his pal—to bring him round a bit. ' Look here, Joe,' said I, ' you've been crossed in love, and so has many a man before you. 'But that's no reason why you should be uncivil to every one.' And then' I said, half-joking-like, "):ou know, Joe, if you go on like 'this, we shall think you've sold yourself ! to the devil.1 Well, I never saw a nu\n in such a passion as he got in. I didn't know then how my last words had touched him. He just swore he didn't want any of my interference, and rushed away. I was sorry and wanted to make it lip, with him, but he didn't come in that night. Next day I set off to a neighbor-' ing camp to get some flour and some potatoes, for our stock was getting low, and as 1 was teamster it was my duty to get supplies. By the time I was getting near home again it was quite dark, except for the white snow all around. I was hurrying on, walking by the horses' heads. There were wolves about, I knew, and T wanted to be home. Sud denly I saw something moving among the dark pine-trees; the horses became restless— a sure sign of wolves, I thought. I had just time to get my knife out of its case—no back woodsman is ever without his knife—when something dark rushed out of the bush, and made at me, I took it for a wolf, and as it sprang, buried my knife deep in its shoulder. But at the same moment I felt a cold shiver pass over riie, and I knew it was not a wolf, but my pal, Joe, that I had stabbed. I looked round, but all in an instant he was gone, and my knife was left in my hand. I trembled all over as:I looked at it, for on the bladeth'ere was no blood.' i 'But I thought you had stabbed the wolf,' I interrupted. : He took no notice, and after a pause, went on. •'! quieted my. horses, and soon got to the shanty, aii tne men were in but Joe. I suppose I looked frightened:—'like as'if I'd seen a ghost,' they said.. Si) I had to tell tHem all that had happened.. They were rough!men, and they all sworo to be revenged on Joe; and for all he was my pal, arid I had felt sorry for him, I couldn't have said a word to save him. After a bit he came in. gloomy as usual, and ,'Wouldn't'speak neither good ! nor bad. But one of the gang pulled his shirt down, and there, sure enough, on his shoulder- Was the mark of my knife, but no blood. - • ; . :'We didn't need any more proof. He was •kicked out, and told to go to ,his master, and we threw his coat and things after him. jSTow hark what I say, young gentlemen. . As. we threw out his coat, seventeen dollar' pieces tell out. .. I saw them myself; aiid'as sure as JL sit here, I saw those dollar pieces crawl away in the snow after their owner. Bah !' -f-thisin a tone of mighty contempt—1 Sell your soul for seventeen dollars : ' Sold his soul for seventeen dollars V I repeated, quostioningly. . • 'Why, yes; where could he have got them from, up there in the bush, except from the devil? He hadn't any money'when hejcame up ; with me. Besides, didn't I see them crawl away Y ..-.Argument of this kind is not to he com bated. : Besides, he had told; liis story1 in such j a weird way that I was almost a w e'd. ' 'He be lieved it, at anyrate. Here my friend broke ;in; ' But what is a Liggaroo ?' •; 'Why surely, Joe Sykes, my pal,1 replied • the. bargeman, rather surprised; and then, seeing we still looked mystified, he went on, ' You know, gentlemen, a Liggaroo is a man ■who sells himself to the devil, and in return ■gets power to change himself into a wolf on certain nights, to be revenged on his enemies. And this is what poor Joe h.^'d done.' There was a touch of compunction in his voice,now, perhaps lie was wondering howlong Job had lived in the snow after he was ejected from the shanty. 'And you know the sign of a Lig garoo is that they can't bleed; all their blood is dried up;' It was too dark now to put up our tent for the night, so we accepted our host's offer to sweep up a part of the deck, and ' bunk us in ' as hp pulled. It was not a soft bed, so in lieu of sleeping we were able to reflect on the strange story we bud heard, and above all, on tlie complete unflinching belief of the narrator in the truth of what he told. When our duck shooting was over and- we returned to civilisation and libraries, I found that Liggiroo is a corruption of the French loup-garou—the were-wolf of the Anglo Saxons—the man-wolf or wolf-fiend of our nursery days. It was an old French super stition, and still survives in the French pro vinces of Lower Canada. That it is still a living fiith I could not doubt when 1 nearu the awe-struck way in which the bargeman told the story. Especially was I struck when I remembered that he was an Englishman, and his faith but a reflection of the French belief in the Loup-garou. And then I ques tioned whether this man, with his blind ignor ant unreasoning faith in what he could not see or understand, was not happier than our ftwn poet (Gordon) who in all i he bitterness of his spirit was forced to cry out— Is nothing real but confusion ? Is nothing certain but deatli ? Valuable Violins.—The "Daily News" says :—It- is estimated that the four " Strads,' now used in the quartette at the Popular ! Concerts are worth £4,500or possibly £5,000. The viola recently purchased by Sir Gibson cost £700. Tlieso figures may appear a gross exaggeration to persons not acquainted with the condition ofthc"Strad "market. Never theless, they must be asked to receive as a fact the statement that a violoncello bj' the ! famous maker changed hands the other day j at the price of £2,200. What would the old j Italian say to that if the transaction could be i made known to hiin ? 