NEW ELECTORAL ACT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE DAILY TELEGRAM?, Sir,— My name is Tom Collins. I was a popular person in Sydney a couple of years ago. I ain now dead. Why, then, do tfiey not let me rest in peace? They want my vote at the coming election. I'll sec tlicm in Jericho before they get a vote of mine. A friend of mine who was out tliis way, travel ling in the hardware line, was kind enough to bring me the following letter, which, ho informed me, was addressed as a registered letter to my late residence : — Parliamentary Electorates ami Elections Act. 56 Victoria No. 33. Form VIII, in Regulations dated the 19th of ! August, 1893. Electoral District of Sydney, Division of This is to notify that the word " dead " has been pluced against the name of Tom Collins in tlio general list of electors for the ahovennrned district-, and that the mime of the said Trim Collins will lo omitted from the electoral roll unless it shall he shown to the satisfaction of the Revision Court, to be helil at Sydney on the day of January, 1894, that the word " dead" has been placed against such name in error. Sergeant Busybody. Collector. Now I can only look on this as a summons to appear before the Sydney Bench to estab lish a claim that I have no ambition for. When I "shuffled off the mortal coil " I de- emeu to uuuero to i-ciu pi incline? &u; .stuuiiy ? enforced in tliis unknown world, and liuld j no 'communication witli the old spot, but \ to issue a summons for my appearance before | the "Beak" riles inc. I want to let theso \ Parliament chaps know that thev need not X expect my support. I know '1 oiumy Dodil will look after them, and keep lliem $ straight. You can also tell my old friend, Sergeant Busybody, that I do not J care for him now. The last time ? he hauled me up on the " crust " they gavo I me a month. I do not want any more, thank | you. I may say, however, that I have learned | with surprise that others have also been notified that tfiey are "dead." What good | or evil purpose arc these notices invented g for ? It must have been very annoying to j my old woman to be so rudely reminded of t hor dead darling's sad end. I he official- looking envelope for which the postman I made her place a x in his book produced ! false hopes in horwomanlv bosom which £ were destined to be cruelly dispelled by the 'J announcement that she was a widow. Trust- | ing, Sir, that your sense of decency and your g sympathy for the relatives of the departed y may be enlisted to ventilate tins grievous k blunder deliberately committed by vour Legislature — Yours, etc., a TQM COLLINS CHOl w 