THE HEIR OF BAllTH. OHAPTBH XVIII. THE STORY OP A YEAR. Fancy the fashion of tramp which Sir Rupert, reared in luxury, became. Prom the crown of his head to tho sole 6f his foot he revolted from the life that lie had chosen. But he was too proud to go back — and, indeed, tho arrow-shot by Doctor Wrig ley, his concealed foe, was rankling in his :&vdent; soul. Tony had tempted him to set out to pursue greatness, to make a splendid fellow of him self ; but even his enthusiasm could not make this seem the high-road to fame ; this tramp ing about tho country, eyed with susjsicion, sleeping out of doors or in penny lodgings ; watched by small shopkeepers ; warned on by policemen or rustic magistrates — a boy sell ing tins, a woman selling baskets, men exhibiting monkey-shows. Coming away from home, Rupert had put into his bundle a comb and a tooth-brash; but not being accustomed to provide for him self, he forgot soap and towels. On his very first morning out lie asked ' Mrs. Pettigrew for these needful articles. Mrs. Pettigrew, with a begrimed face, was getting breakfast, while her unwashed hair was lying in the dirt. Mrs. Pettigrew turned angrily at Sir Rupert's petition and reluc tantly produced a bit of brown, shrivelled soap. In a few minutes came tlie demand for a towel — a demand made in a lordly tone, too, and Mrs. Pettigrew's fury burst forth into speech : ' Soap and towels, sez you ! Soap and towels ! My land, but . you are a pretty poppy-show for a wayside traveller ! Here you've been and used up nigli all the soap I've got — and then it's tmvels ! Towels shrieked Mrs. Pettigrew — the word seeming to excite her ire. 'What for? Is your face ?wet? Rub it off on your jacket-sleeve! When I want to wipe my face or hands I pick up the tail o' my gown, and good enough — ' Rupert fled as the dame continued her rhapsody. ' But he had in liis pocket-case two pounds, and lie concluded to purchase things which ho considered indispensable to a wandering life. He bought a little hammock, two towels, a pocket-cup, a fork and so on, spending a pound. Mrs. Tony Pettigrew saw the new impedi ments and drew her own deductions : Purchases ? Therefore money. Money? Therefore on his person. 3?or Mistress Tony Pettigrew had ransacked .his bundle. Money in his possession ? Then must Mrs. T. P. find and secure it. To do this required some caution and a little time. Meanwhile Rupert dragged out his doleful days. Sometimes his spirit rose as the sun rose, and the laverocks tilted toward the sky; But tliey declined as tlie day declined and the birds grew mute, and sought their nests. He was sitting by the smoldering camp-fire one night ; his hcepens — for so really these other tramps were — lying smoking and gabbling about him. Rupert was gloomily considering that he seemed to be on ji down grade, and not an up grade. What credit ?was he in the way of gaining ? Was this the path to fortune ? Lady Bidebank would wee]) at sight of him. Miss Barth would consider him a reprobate. And Natolie, adored Natolio, ?would turn up her lovely little nose at him. ' T on look down in tho mouth, brother,' said Tony, who always addressed liim familiarly. 'You chirk up. It may be to-morrow, or it may be next day, that you'll meet that happy chance to make a great man o' yerself. Who knows but you'll rescue some juke's daughter from this 'ere dancing bear or other annymull. Then all goes on easy, an' just like a story in a penny dreadful, and you marries the juke's heiress.' ' I don't want licr !' retorted Sir Rupert, savagely. ' Oh, you don't ! Why, then, it must be an nncommon bad case o' ' the girf I left behind me!' And you've got it hard, brother. Was she nice — worry nice ?' The bantering tone roused Rupert's hot temper. 'Yes, she is nice,' lie shouted ; 'nicer vthan any one ever saw.' ' Oh !' says Tony, whose move was now to ap23ea.se. 'Well, brother, to be crossed in love is a sore thing, and ' the pangs ? of un-1 requited 'feetion,' as says the ppic, is dread ful pangs. I knows all about 'em.' ' Much you do !' cricd Mrs. Tony, tartly. ' There's no tellin',' continued Mr. Petti grew, ignoring his wife's sceptical interjection, '' what I might 'a' been if I'd loved wisely and not too well.' ^ '? No thin',' asserted Mrs. T. P., with great ?' energy, ' would liev made you less nor tho wagebone you are.' might,' said Mr. Pettigrew, with in creasing solemnity, 'been a butler if I'd ? married a lud's housekeeper. I might 'a' been a green-grocer man if I'd married a green grocer woman. I might 'a' been a juke if I'd married a jukess. I might 'a' been a king, like A_lbert o' Saxc-Gotha, if I'd married a queen, like he did. I won't say as ladies in all these lines o' lifo' hasn't looked agreeable at me. All I clo say is, take wamin' by me. I'm a wreck all along o' bad choico. I m a . ruined man, all along 0' frittorin' away my youno; . affections. What crm you, my brother, suspect of a man who liis' married to a woman as sells baskets, willow Baskets, and other sicli ?' But tlio ond of Mrs. Tony's patience had' arrived, and with it arrived the coffee-pot at . 1 1 ony s head ; said pot went whizzlin'' . past Sir Rupert, and, well projected by tlio vigorous hand tliet dealt in willow waro, it crasliod upon -Tony's countenance, and not only, blacked his nose, and bruised his fore head, but sprinkled him with cold coffee and about half a pound of damp grounds. Thus Tony had grounds of complaint, and ho rose up and filled tho air with his vociferations . against the wife of his bosom. The pair wero still raging at each other when Sir Rupert sought a convenient spot for swinging- his hammock. When ho carc fully turned into that hanging couch tlie owner of tho bear found it to his interest to lio down under it while the monkey man camped on the right, and the harp man on the left. Thus the ' free and unfettered' Sir Rupert was. a prisoner at large, and this was his guard of honor, ? . The strollers had passed the Chiltcrn Hills and the Ouse and camped upon the upper waters of the Nen. Tony and the rest of the men, with the boy, clad in. tins, adjourned to one of the little liamlets of that district to collect coppers from the rustics. It had been proposed that Sir Rupert and Mrs.- Pettigrew should go with them, but Mrs. Pettigrew said she, must spend tlie afternoon in washing the clothes; ;and Rupert said he was too tired, and' ' did not like that business,' so he cast himself down by the rivor-side. ? ' Wow, see here, old gal,' said Tony to his wife, '' what I tell you is not to let that young swell slip away from you. ?Keep yonr oyc on him. If lie chucks hisself into the river, or hangs hisself, that's all right ; we ain't to blame for that, and least said, soonest mended. But he can't be let to run away.' : ' All right,' said Mrs. Tony. 'Ill watch him.' No sooner had all the band departed than Mrs. Tony confided to Rupert that thoy were a dirty, disreputable set, ana she was sick to death of them. Now they were off, she would have some good of her life, and she and Rupert — or Boyal, as she called him — could have a ' decent meal's victuals.' Mrs. Tony then heated some water, took soap and scourcd her dishes and lier coffee-pot, and, with an elaborate show of neatness, made, before Rupert's eyes, coffee. She fried eggs and bacon and made buttered toast. It was a more reasonable and better prepared meal than he had seen for a long while, and Rupert addressed himself to it with energy. Mrs. T. P. pressed him to eat, and poured out coffee with a liberal hand. ' It's bitter coffee, ain't it, now ?' she said tasting it; ' but I'll put in plenty o' sugar.' So she made a great show of sipping and relishing the compound, and when Sir Rupert was not looking she emptied her cup on the sod, and so filled again. After dinner, Mrs. Pettigrew advised Sir Rupert to ' lie down on the bank and .have a nap, and rest hisself in peace.' Rupert, feeling uncommonly drowsy, adop ted the suggestion, and as Mrs. Tony washed the dishes and set about the clothes, she per ceived that he was sleeping heavily. ?' I wonder what would happen if he never woke up ?' she said to herself. ' Would we have to call the coroner and have a inkwicli ? That might be bad for us. P'raps Tony could slip liim under the ground and say nothing to nobody.' j I After a time, as the boy's sleep was very deep, she went to him and began cautiously | [ searching his clothing. After some little time she found the purple morrocco case in an in side pocket of his blue-flannel shirt. j Looking eagerly about to see if she were observed, Mrs. Pettigrew oxamincd tho case. ' Gold,' she said of chain and clasp. ' What lots of nonsense these quality do buy! I could get five shillin' for it in Lun'on. But there. I s'pose this fancy fixin' here means her ladyship's name, an' if I sells it I'll get into quod. What's in it ? Let's have a look.' She opened it carefully and found a pound 1 note. I ' So much for me,' said Mrs. Pettigrew, and then searched further and opened the pocket where Rupert had not looked. There she found tlie letter of Lady Bidebank, super scribed. ' For Rupert, to be read after my death.' Mrs. Pettigrew was but a poor scholar, and it took her a long time to make out these words: 'We'll see what she's going to say after j she's dead,' finally said Mrs. Pettigiew, adjourning to her tea-kettle, and holding the sealed envelope close to the steam. Presently the edges fell apart. With another look at her sleeping victim and another glance along the country side, Mrs. Tony addressed herself j to this document. Intense eagerness and anxious wonderment on her face slowly began to give way to high ' delight. The grimy finger tracing the letters j spelled out , ' 1 T-li-e,' and 'ere's a ' h-L' and 'ore's a ' T,' an' 'ere' another ' T,' an' 'ere's 'er name—' Bidebank.' I can guess the last half o' that word from the first.' At this point Mrs. Tony in her joy rose up and executed a hornpipe, and whooped in her delight like a scliool-boy just set free. Then she recollected herself, looked about, and resumed the study of tho document. Two hours passed before it was all read. Then another hour sufficed to read it and reread it again. Then she nearly had the contents by heart . ' Here's luck to me,' said Mrs. Pettigrew, 'and now I'll seal this up, and I'll put it in the very ease, and I'll wrap it good in paper and in rags, for folks should alius bo right careful of things they find, that some day may be of use to their owners. And I'll take care of this as if it were diamonds,' continued 'Mi's. Pettigrew, ' and I hope that young chap 'won't die. I wonder if he could sleep him self away?' She hid the case as she proposed, making it safe from the investigations of Mr. Petti grew or any of her companions. She con cealed tho pound note also upon her person, and these important affairs being attended to, she again bethought herself of the lesser mat ter of the boy's physical state. She bent over him. His nose looked blue and pinched, so did his lips, and his eyes wore sunken, with dark rings around them. Still his pulse was strong, his flesh warm, his breathing regular, though deep, and Mrs. Pettigrew, without any special anxiety, assured hersolf that ' lio'd como out all right.' :l She then hurried about lier work, and pre pared supper for her comrades. ? J After supper tlio woman said to her lius- i band : ' ?':! ' Tony, go look at that boy, how lie sleeps.' i They went together. ? , ' ' ?' | ' D' yo think he'll dio ?', asked Mrs. Petti- ! grew, anxiously. .'No — wish ho would.' ' But think o' tho.erowncr and the p'licc/ Tony.' , ' ' Yps— them's to be considered,' said Mr. Pettigrew, stooping closo ovor Rupert, Then ho looked up. ' I smell laudanum.' ' ?No you don't,' said his wife. ' Yes, 1 do, you jado ! You'vo been up to tricks, have you?' 'No, I havon't, said Mrs. Tony, stoutly, ' No, Tony, -'pon my soul and honour.' 'Hoot !' said Tony. ' I . don't believe ?you.vo got any soul ; and as to your honour, 'tain't worth a counterfeit farthin',' When the rest of lior company had fallen asleep, stretched here and tlioro under tho litfclo tout or by tho dying embors of tho fire, ' Mrs. Tony, who had covercd Rupert from tlio dow, sat, with her knees drawn up and her arms clasped about them, in a deep muse. She was looking far into the future. Finally she rose, lit some twigs and made a cupful of very strong, clear coft'ce. This she adminis tered to Rupert, a tablespoonful at a time. He swallowed it, to her great contentment, without waking up. After a time his res piration grew less . profound and his slumber more natural. When the sun was well up and the camp in a. bustle, Rupert opened his eyes. His long sleep had. not refreshed him. ' His head ached. He was giddy, fever ish, and nauseated. j For two days the tramps were obliged to delay on his account. j Mrs. Tony, who. was for the most part left alone -with him, changed, her tactics and ex-, erted herself to be amiable. She cooked as nicely as she knew how for him, and addressed him with respect. ^ Rupert began jki forget her previous rudi- ness and to regard lier as'liis only friend, n Thoy had Ijcen on the march through tlie Leicester highlands for some days before Hubert discovered tho loss of his morocco case. ^JEEo concluded at once that it had been takoh from' him while lie was asleep so profoundly. Ho spoke of it first to Mrs. Tony. ' Well don't for your life mention it to Pettigrow,' she said. 'He 'd be that wi'lent your life wouldn't be safe. What's done can't be undone.' ' I'm not a sheep,' retorted Rupert, ' to be robbed and to say nothin'.' So he attacked Tony about the case. The tramp ruffled wonderfully. ' What does you take us for ? A pound, sez you? And a case clasped with gold,? -I don't believe a word of it. Ain't we gentle men ? If we wasn't, would highflyers with gold cases and pound notes live with us ?' ; The same said all of the crew, vowing that Rupert, if he had lost anythiug, must have lost it on the road. They all suspected Mrs. Tony, and on separate occasions every man of j them ransacked her entire luggage, hoping to secure the plunder for himself. But all quite fruitlessly. On and on went the strollers until short November days saw them in one of the dismal wynds of Glasgow. There they spent the winter. Poor Rupert was too ragged and miserable in his free and unfettered search after glory and fortune to try and better himself. He had been reared in a way that rendered inde pendent exertion difficult. The little Etonian was helpless in his present degradation. He felt liis degradation so keenly that he could not venture to ask a helping hand to pull him out of the slough. That he did not become corrupt and vicious, as well as miserable, must have been owing to a providential interposition. Probably the spirits of those two loving mothers, Elizabeth Barth, and the not less tender Jane Porter, watched over tlie child on whom they had doted, and warned of the approach of thfe spirits of evil. James Wrigley had warned Tony Pettigrew to go to Ireland from Scotland, and never to bring back Sir Rupert to English soil. But Tony wanted more money from his patron, and he could force it from him by going- back near London. ? So in early May they started, and in June — it was the twentieth day — this precious company of rascals was encamped twelve miles from Barth and Bidebank, in a little glen. Anxiety was written on their faces, and each was making preparations to fall away from his fellows. Half a mile from their camp, near the side of a by-road, was a stone liut. In that very June, Mr. Timmy Titlow had been notified that an uncle in Hertford had loft him one hundred pounds. Timmy got leave of absence, went to the funeral, got his money, and being, like Mrs. Gilpin, ' of a frugal mind.' was walking homeward. On this very 20tli of June his way lay past this old stone hut, and and as he passed, a voice cried wildly : ' Timmy ! Timmy Titlow ! Speak all the truth !' ' That's what I lays out to do,' cried Timmy, promptly ; ' but who's a charging me that way ?' ? There was a little window opening in the hut, aud into that Timmy looked. His big head and shoulders filling up the opening, he .saw nothing but darkness, heard nothing brit silence. '! 'Who called mo so unexpected ?' cried Timmy. ' ? Silence. | . ' Save us all !' cried Mr. Titlow. ' OnceJI see a ghost, now I hears one ! Timmy, whatjs wrong with you ?' '? i 'Natolie! Nat'olie Idria, speak to mo !' screamed a voice in the darkness. ' Now, Timmy,' exhorted Mr. Titlow, 'in there you goes to investigate. Do your duty like a mail, and if- you dies, Timmy, you falls on the field o' honor.' ' i He pushed open .the heavy wooden door, and as his eyes accustomed themselves to the faint light, he saw a heap of straw and on it a human figure. That figure, burnt with fever, wasted away from its boyish strength, Timmy Titlow carried to the light of the outside day. ' The dark curls were matted over the hand some head again, arid in this raving fever patient Timmy -Titlow recognised Lady Bide bank's lost boy. . f Never stopped honest Timmy to wonder or cry out ; to get'tlio boy home was his - one idea, and on lie strode carrying- him. But within a inile he met tho blessed reality of a. spring cart, 'loaded with clovor, and driven by a boy, v, ' I'll give you five pun',' said Timmy, lift ing liis burden upon the clover, 'if you'll drive mo lively to Bidebank Hall. Up and away !' . ? . ? Lady Bidebank and Myra and the Oontossa Idria and' another friend or two woro sitting in a pavilion on the 'fi'ont torraco of tlio Hall, I whori: up strode Timmy Titlow/ flushed with | 8pced, ,and bearing a most desolate-looking 1 figure, v ? . ? ? ?: '. . | ' , ' My lady, and ladies all,' said Timmy, ' I've found and brought back a little gentle- 1 man as you are all fond of, and tlio soonor you I putsliiminto bed and sonds for a doctor, may 1 1 he-bold to say, tho bettor. For accidents will I happen in the best regulated families.' I As Timmy Titlow drew near to the hut' .whonco ho hoard issue tho voico, Tony, his j reprobato cousin, interviewed Sir J. Wrigley M. P., at Clematis Villa.. , Tony was tipsy and i myst'orions. ; . v ' | ' Sir— your . lordly honour— I - wants ton ! pounds, to bury that boy,' sir.' ? 'What! Is ho dead?' ' Ayo, sir ; ho bo.' ' . ? ? ' When did ho die ? Whore did he dio ? How did ho dio ?' v Thus pushed into closo quarters, Tony hesitated. ? ? ' Well, sir, he got took with fever — typhoid, it are — and — he — wasn't just dead when I left him; but he will be when I gets back. Ho arc in .a hut out yon.' ' I think it ismyduty to go aud sec him,' said the cautiuos Wrigley, relieved to think that finally this part of his troubles could bo buried. You go on, Tony, and I'll meet you at the Ox Fall Stile.' Tony having met his patron at the ap pointed place, the two readied the . hut an hour after Timmy had left it with his burden. ' In here, sir. Here he lies. No noise from lie, sir. I make no doubt he's dead.' And bonding in the gloom to feel the body on tho straw, Tony found nothing ! Ho gave a loud cry. ' Sir, he's gone !' _ ' Gone ! He was never here, you lying villain ! I'd like to break your neck for you ! He has escaped, and this is tho way you under took to hocus mo !-' And flinging Tony against the wall, Wrigley strode off, leaving his employe overwhelmed witlijj surprise and poor whisky. Going to Barth House before he wont home, Wrigley met his daughter Mi, her eyes shining with joy. ' Oh, father ! Ain't you glad ? Lady Bide bank's Rupert is found ! He has been brought home ! He is sick ; but surely they mil cure liim ! Ain't you glad ?' (To be continued.) 