OI THER LANDS. In Normandy. Peasants' Homes and a IIaunted Chateau. Why is it, I wonder tiat reo class of humanity is always asling itself what the other class is doing, how it lives, nod wha; Itecustoms are I It was no doubt a curiosity of this kind that prompted us, the other morning, to drive into the courtry to visit some of the peasanta' homes that lie bidden among the ills, back of Iloulgete. True, we Lad no Invitation to ithre phlces; we did not even know the fanr- owerets by name. After all "aristocrta t" have very bad manners comlpared to tile poor laboring lases. Thise truck me most forcibly the other day, and 1 felt really ashamed of my sellf and friends es s we boldly entered the gateway to the first farnm. It would have serred us right had we been rudely treated and asked to vacate te premiscs. As we approaetcd the low, thntched.roof building, with tlie grape.vines covering a Wide verandah, the horsc-chestnuts spread. ing their refreshing shade far over the house, a Umot re rfect picture of comfort could not rsaily be imagined. HIIering the sound of carriages, three women made their appearance at the door, and seeing we were " du grand mondo," as they say hereabouts, three low courtesys were dropped and a mnsvt sordial welcome extended us, much to my. lieft and rurprise. T'hey were ertlently niiesred iy. our vaet, ena tar trom offende, sI had eprclted. They worn the reogula. lion peasants' costume -sllort, shirt, white blouse, waists with etkevee rolled up above the elbow, long aprons, neat caps, and wooden sabotl. One of the yeoung men ang a hugs bell at the side of tile house, where. Upon a stable.boy como and led our horses off, and the falther and brother of tile family assisted us to alight and led us on to the porolh, where Ithy requested us to rest awhile until a light refreshment should be prepared. In a short space of time a long table was brought out and Pet before us, epread with a snowy homespun cloth and laid with quaint old blue china- ware and glass. Pots of golden honey, jugs of cream, loaves of blaock bread, pats of yellow butter, oakes, cream obeese, so celebrated throughout Normandy, cold meats, and a pitcher of eider, made up the feast. Every member of thebo family waited upon up, and treated us as if we were old and valued friends, but none of them eat at table with us, We did faull justice to this homely faro, after which the interior of the house sas shown up, and peeps into huge linen. presees vouhbeated urlwhere piles of bleached and unbleached cloth lay ready aso part of the "dot " to no with tlie fert child leaving the home nest. The flosro in the house wore all esrubbed to marvellous whiteness and then strewn with a line wlhite snd ; in some of lhe rooms the sand was laid on the floor: to imitate mosaic designs, but the tread of mtany feoot soon obliterated thopretty work. The old homestead was most comfortable in every resprot, and the old-Clshioned furniture in it would have made a collector weep with envy. Large carved oak armoires, spinning.wlhetls, hliglh.backed chairs, four. post bedsteadr, and qarint tables that would have brought their weight in precious metal at some fashionable aoetian in the capital, wero thought nothing of by these people, ex. oopt as ancestral souvenir keepsakes. Great quantities of shell.work adorned the walls, and even made up the prinaipal beta-a-breo upon the tables and etageres, Tile ireplaces were nli those great, generous anon that take In all the family and do not leave any oneo out n the cold, as some of our moderugrates are apt to do. As we expressed our aplprecistion of the comforlable surroundings, tir faces of both men and wome.a fairly beamed swith grabtt * Ltd iride. The dairy, stables, poultry yard nd pigs were Intxt shown us, and from the cool, airy milk-room to the ely in the back yard, was one polfetC delight of eleanliness, prosperity and plenty. These people are never idle, and for that reason happy; they are content with what they have, do not envy any one and live lives of peace and good-will to all men. Ench face bears marks of the sunny nature within and our visit to La Dreleche, as this farm is oalled, put better thoughts into our minds for days to come. theo day following our country visit was a grand fete.day for Ioulngte. Ilnsoeo, a con. cert, and a ball at the casino were to be the great features of the occasion, and about two o'clock we wore all assembled on the beach to witness the races. A strange place for races you will, no doubt, rightly remark, but those were not to be ordinary ones at all, in fact tile noble courseers were not to be two.tlirty roadsters in the least, but two-footed creatures of our own species, and little, long.eared donkeys. The beach lay white, smooth and hard, with the tide far out.. In the judges' stand were a gay party of women of fashion and well. known about Parisian clubs. By the expres. sion of interest on all faces, one would have fanoied that a fortuno was at stake, but in reality the prizes consisled of a gold cup for the donkey races, a leather medal and riding whip for the races to follow. First came the men's race in bags, the most comical sight I ever witneseed. Each man was done up in a large grainasaok up to his waist, and when tho signal was given about thirty of those ridiculous figures started on the hop, ship and jump; as to running that was out of the question, and most of the band finally went on all fours. Next followed the donkey race, the jockeys being gentlemen riders, attired In long, low. necked, white babydressees with differeat colored eeshes and close caps. The winner of this race was to be he whi *got theor last.' As the bell rang for the start, the donkeys all started on a dead run, and to stop them was as great a fent as to get them to go at most times. They seemrd to understand the joke, and with ears well up and tails straight ounet they rushed madly along. All the" awhoaing" In the world bad not s?oe a pon the stubborn little beasts, asi tihe on At a..r el=tiaI Pjoclstret h, last was onli /f3.t-i '.tl tis l as indeed tie moso it -at; e ,;, : of laughter from thie leookers:ohf ~ e d'rowutd the round of the A!lter ILe ouder sports we adjoulned to the concesthall and listened to a very good amateur concert, the proceds of which went to the poor of the village. Tte ball in tire evening was a meeost brilli ant anair--In fasct one mighlt easily hrave be. Ileovod ons's self in some salon of ths cepital had it not beer that the ladies were not decollote and very few jewels wnare worn. Tho surroundings were most beautilful, the blil room represented a troplesial garder,hung withll olored tanterns, 1 found hlere a great re laxation froet the usual rigid bntll.room ott. queatto of Paris. Young inrdies dantccd mloro, and It was nt tiougt oug t otef plae to allow the same name to applear even thrto times on one's dancing card, SAt srpperlime tire chaperon did not select her ebarge'a eseort, but left it to h.r own wIse disorimination, only sittilg at thIe same table In order not to throw off all vilgilane. Early hours nre respected here, for, worder ful to relate, the broerach ladies rico at a merast reasonable thoar, and are often seen at nino o'olock in thea molrniig Ireserd for the day no, I bhould not say for the day, as two, threoe, and even four chanoges of toler are made, and the thoelght of oen dress lor the whole day would absolutely eoandalise those ashlonablee, An energatie little irenol rotuerean, ad qulto the leader of fashion heroe this season, hieso. d lIleaulieu, hsa started a reost dellghtlul club for aodies to help pas tihe hour. It is callod by the qlicer title tf " Nous lseitelons" (we resist), and it is devoted solely to seword and plrtul proulioe. We have a notable tenoher from ithe tlropolis, who devotes two houras twLice a waeek to our meetings. Our olebtroom is a larpo tent, oreoted on lthe beach, and divided oef Into the tenolcg.room and tho targotrtlge, WeYo wear a Fimplg pretty costume of blue tiannel, mado with Turkish trousers, rhrrt skirts, and blouse waists. The style of dreos leaves all one's monvments pereletly free and enobkle us to cultic at, great ease and Era?e of paosture. The corerr Is c mcvt delighilul, and we thank ime. de lcaulieu daily for her brilli. ant idea. Some one is always planning a nowamuse wuent or pastime here, and each day brings forth some original ideas to odd to the enjoy. ment of our already thoroughly butterfly ex. isteneo. No)t long ago a courageous party of city visitors made the bold proposition that we should start some evening a:er dark, and drive to an abandoned and ruined castle whilch liks eight miles from Iloalgate and is suppoeed to be haunted. We were to take ou:r sl!r".r wCto tic, and haove a mnoonlight picnic cac',. 1c,: l tire and wait till the mystic !:i; t ,, l ., Io oc'ciloc!k, iwhen the ghosts are is c c n .i c? 'alk, before returning homeward. I'T:,sc 1i? metr our views most favorably. and ascot icght o'clock, one even. ing last aoek, the largo conch and reveral small carriages started I ome the villa and from some of the houses adjoining ours. The moon was just beginning to shto itlelf over the top of a highl hill in the distance, tie night was soft andoalmy, and we were all in the best of spirits, hoping oven to meet the reetlessee spirit of the old chatau, and making wagers as to who would dare go along into the darlkest corner of the ruin. TVe drive was only too soon accomplished, and we clottered into the courtyard of the Norman castle just an hour after we joltb . RIulns ace generally picturerque, but some. how this one throw a greater chlrm over us all, with its pillars and nrhlles touclled to silver by the moonbeams, than we I a ex. potled. One tower of the chattau stood almost complete. Time had only cove.red parts of it with moss and vines, that clam. bored into every easement and barred every doorway, but round about lay heapo of stones and masonry, broken columns and ehattered arhobes, that told a tale of the years that muet have passed over this once magniiecent dwel. ling. We spoke in lowered tones, and no walked with hushed tread through the crumbliug walls, The bravest of us felt that it would be out of place to laugh here; none of us felt like doubting that some spirit did hunrt tthe old tower, and I an certain had a band of white robed figures appeared out of the ruine and begun to dance a ghastly, old-time reol, none of us would have been in the least surprised. Some one whispered, "Let ten move on to10 some pace that is not ghostlike," and we wandered on to an open epace of ground that the kindly moon lit up most beautifully, Ilere we all sat down on shawls and rugs. Alter a shbort pause, every one began talliing at once, as it feleng the necessity of rousing each other from the enchanter's spell which had fallen upon us, "Don't think any one will go back to that place at twelve o'clock," a timid voice spoke out from our circle, and tihe remark was anll awered with a hearty laugh tnd frank cone feeiones hlet tihe ruins and the ghosts could have it all to themsueves at that hour for all we cared; and to dfoeetually chose away any sombre thoughtsl that might still be lurking In'our minds,we turned our thoughlts supper. wards. To alter tihe general routine cl French pionico, instead of having brought everything cooked and prepared, the gentle. men had volunteered bolero leaving home to cook all that we would require. A largo fire was soon started, and every one set to work -the ladies to arrange the table, the gentle. men to assort their panes and catsstrcalOc, and the servants to assict here, there, and every. where. It was great sport, this cooking out of doors at night, with tile moon above tds like a great central chandelier, and the car. rings lampe about likebso many fire fliee at a faity least. And sucob a supplr we sat down to I lio wouar Firenbmene are suoIatu-t ...._- rtees if they eo.e all waiter the culinary arte as perfectly as our friends did theother ven ing. Chicken a lc /io,/elairs, crab ea la .,role', potatoes a /ir A/'icd/ice and oysters en oqui/,ll were only a f:w of the things that made up a most suripltuous menu. oSme one had brou,;htt a guitar, some one else a flute, and another a violin, and after we had enjoyed our rplest, the muoicians of the party segges:ed an impromptu dance. Partners were hastily engng d, and up to thle strolco of twelve we danced on the smooth greensward to our heart's content. Just as the last notes of the minute died away, a "while figure appeared on the tower and blew a long and loud blast front a trum, p.et We all started to our feet, white with ter, or and opeechlees,?i:hl an untold fear. ctu it rwas only my rogue of a cousin who had played us this practical loke. 