MR. PARGITEI1, THE GHOST. When I first knew Gwendoline Gilbert I very nearly fell in love with her. At that time I had a penchant for healthy-looking girls, and, being young, I was an ardent admirer of the British blonde. Gwendoline Gilbert was Hygeia herself; Emma, Lady Hamilton, when she was in the service of Dr. Graham, the quack, could not have looked the part more thoroughly than did Gwendoline. How I adored that girl! At that time, you know, Mr. Burne- Jones had not invented the young lady with the tously hair, the ungainly attitudes, the green complexion, and the prehensible toes; so it was quite permissible to admire a girl who looked like the God dess of Health. She was a parson's daughter; she had not a penny in the world. Sir John Tomlinson was the member for Hatcliff Highway, aud had made pots of money by the adulteration of the poor man's beer—I beg his pardon, I take that back—I mean, by bis im provements in the art of producing malt liquor of a superior description. He came; he saw ; he conquered ; of course he did. They were married, started on their honeymoon, and I went to Heme Bay in a huff for a fortnight, and wrote my celebrated monograph on * Sour Grapes.' TiaAy Tomlinson was nice, beautiful, and, as we all know, as good as gold. She was by no means incliued to encourage society philanderers, and from what those gentlemen called her 4 stand-off' way, and from a disinclina tion toward gossip, scandal, and small talk, and private theatricals and music halls, she got the reputation of being rather stupid. At any rate, in spite of her beauty and her husband's millions, Gwendoline was not alto gether a social success. Now, hus bands, as we all know, are brutal persons; they have a nasty trick of 5 not mincing matters with their wives, I and of calling a spade a spade. * Look here, Lady Tomlinson,' said Sir John—he alwayB called her Lady Tomlinson—'you don't shine in society; you're not a dancing woman, nor a talking woman, nor a political woman, ! and you ain't literary. I wish to heaven vou'd develop some sort of individuality of your own, Lady Tomlinson.' Lady Tomlinson retired instantly to her boudoir and had a good cry. For three whole days did Lady Tomlinson brood and meditate, and then she sent for Mr. Pargiter, the painter. Mr. Pargiter hastened to present himself at Palatial Crescent, W. ' Mr. Pargiter,* said Lady Tomlinson, j ' I want to paint—I want to paint in 1 ! oils.' * Oh, certainly, Lady Tomlinson !' ' said Mr. Pargiter; and he smiled, rolled his eyes, and rubbed his hands and bowed. Mr. Pargiter was too much of a gentleman ever to contradict a lady, beside being a popular art teacher, with a highly aristocratic connection. Therefore, he would have said, 1 Oh, certainly!' if Lady Tomlinson had wanted to learn to dance on the slack wire. ' I want you to give me lessons, Mr. Pargirer,' said Lady Tomlinson. 'I mean to exhibit at the Royal Academy,' said Lady Tomlison - 41 mean to be a distinguished amateur, and I want you to show he how and give me lessons.' ' Oh, certainly 1' said Mr. Pargiter. ' Prav name your own terms,' said Lady Tomlinson; * expense is no objeet, but I want the whole thing to be a secret from my husband and my friends. Can we begin to-morrow?' ' Oh, certainly !' said Mr. Pargiter, once more. Then Ladv Tomlinson banded Mr. Pargiter a cheque for a substantial sum,and requested him to attend at teu o'clock next morning with what she called the necessary outfit. Next day, at ten precisely, a four wheeled cab containing Mr. Pargiter, a large easel, sev< ral canvases, numer ous brown-paper parcels, aud a lay figure, drew up at the Tomlinson's house in Palatial Crescent. Mr. Pargiter was shown at once into her ladyship's boudoir. * Now, Mr. Pargiter,' said Lady Tomlinson, when she had welcomed the artist, 11 should like you to paint me an ideal head.' lie stared at her, and suggested that the usual way was to begin by drawing from what he called ' the round' in charcoal. * You won't refuse to oblige a lad v,' she said. ' I'm sure I shall learn much more easily by seeing you work. My idea, you know, was that you should piiiut and I should look 011—just at you knuw, till I get my haud i. j So Mr. Pargiter began to paint the h«a<l of what he called a two guinea rustic. Mr. Paryiter was accustomed to dispose of heads of this description to Wuggles, the frame maker and picture-dealer, for forty-two shillings. It would In* labelled :— ' Original Oil Painting, by Pargiter, £4 4s.' ' X want you to leave the background till the very last,' said Lady Tomlin SOD. * Ob, certainly !' replied the artist. 'I believe you artists,' said Lady Tomlinson, * ofien smoke while you paint. Are you a smoker, Mr. Pargiter ?' ' I work twice as well when I smoke.' said that gentleman ; and there was a knowing twinkle in his eye as he said the words. Lady Tomlinson left the room ; she returned with a box of Cabinet Partagas. ' These are what Sir John smokes,' she said; * pray make yourself at home, Mr. Pargiter.' That gentleman took her at her word ; he worked away for four hours at his rustic head., and he smoked no less than seven choice cigars. Then he received permission to depart; and as he walked home he wondered con siderably, for Lady Tomlinson had been engaged upon a three-volume novel ifrom Mudie's during the whole of the—^well,lesson. ' However, its none of my business,* thought Mr. Pargiter, who was a philosopher ; 'and besides, she makes it worth my while.' It took Mr. Pargiter four ' sittings ' to finish that rustic head. ' "When it was quite done he remarked to Lady Tomlinson that there was nothing more to do than to smudge in a back ground of burnt sienna. ' That's where I come in/ said Lady Tomlinson. * If you'll do the edge o£ the background in all the little in-and out places round the head I'll finish it.' They carried out that simple pro gramme. 4 Now there's nothing left but to sign it, I suppose,* said her ladyship." * Exactly so,' said Mr. Pargiter, and he took a little squeeze of ivory black on the point of a small brush, and was about to affix the magic name of Par giter. ' Let me try.' She took the brush from Mr. Par giter's band, and in great, sprawling letters she wrote in the right-hand corner of the picture, * Gwen. Tom linson.' ' Madam, you're a genius,' said Mr. Pargiter, with a low bow, when she had finished. * I can trust you, Mr. Pargiter.' she said, in those soft, purring tones of hers. Mr. Pargiter laid his hand upon his heart, gave Lady Tomhusou what looked like a wink, and assured her in solemn tones that she could. Two days afterward Lady Tomlinson was 4 at home.' I was there. I am an art critic by profession, you know. On a green plush easel, draped by a heavy curtain of green plush, stood the rustic head in an eight-inch gilt frame. I don't know what the. head was worth, but the frame was cheap at a five-pound note. * What do you think of it,' -Mr. Scorcher, bleated that innocent lamb, Lady Tomlinson, to me. 'I've just got it home from my frame-maker's, and it's the first of my efforts that I've had the hardihood to show my friends.' I compared it to Grenze. I said it reminded me of Madame Yigee le Brun, and various other artists. Next spring they hung it at Burlington House; they hung that two-guinea Pargiter, and we all went into ecstasies at the private view. But the measure of Lady Tomlin sons iniquity was not yet full. She pulled down the wall papers from her boudoir, and she decorated the walls of that apartment with an extraordi nary composition of trees, flowers, sunsets, wheatsheaves, and good-look ing children and girls, under the superintendence of the villain Pargiter. Half London went to see it. Sir John Tomlinson is justly proud of his wife. She is an artistic light now. She has only to take a young artist by the haud and his fortune's made. ' I'm very fond of Lady Tomlinson,' said Mr. Pargiter to me the other day ; ' she throws a good deal of work iu my way.' 