HIGHLAND A NOYEL. By WILLIAM BLACK, ; Author of "A Princess of Thule," "MacLeod of Dare," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXXVII.—A Public Sacrifice. It was on one of these afternoons, as Allan Henderson and Barbara were returning home wards by the shores of the solitary and beautiful Loch Sleoehan, that they beheld a marvellous apparition steal slowly into the still landscape. Far away, beyond the glassy waters of the lake, far away beyond the swampy morass where the curlews were calling, down the lonely moorland road came a long, undulatory, straggling assemblage, dark in hue as contrasted with the surrounding country, yet showing tags and dots of color here and there. " What is that ?" asked Barbara, with her eyes staring. "Terrible as an army with banners," said the schoolmaster. " It is a revolution, Barbara. Ho, it is a resurrection—of all the hosts slain in the time of Eobhan a' chill hhig——" He paused. Surely there was some faint and measured throb borne to them on the listening air?—and was there not a glint of sunlit brass at the head of the long and serpen tine procession? The martial music became more audible. . \ "Whoever they are, friends or foes, we must meet them, Barbara," said the school-' master. But that was precisely what did not happen. For at this point the road wound round one or -two promontories jutting out into the,mirror like lake, so that they lost sight of that distant concourse of folk; ana when in process of time they again came in view of the head of the loch there was not a human being anywhere visible. It looked as if the earth had suddenly opened and swallowed them up. "Did I not tell you they were ghosts?" said Allan. "They have'gone into the grounds of Inveruran House," retorted Barbara. " I can hear the band still playing." _ Well, when these two arrived at the lodge gate Allan made bold to ask the woman in charge what was meant by this portentous invasion of so secluded a neighborhood, and she answered him that the young laird had invited the temperance societies of Duutroone to come out and listen to an address and witness a ceremony, and that a number of the townspeople had accompanied them. From the way she hung back she evi dently expected that Allan and his companion would also pass in, and Barbara was curious; spectacular displays of any kind are rare iii that country-side, so the two newcomers accepted the mute invitation and entered. As it chanced they were well repaid. : . For when thfey had reached the end of the winding avenue, and emerged into the open, a remarkable scene presented itself. ' On ] the steps in front of the open hall door stood -four persons: a tall, elderly lady dressed in' deep mourning, twp younger ladies in more cheer ful attire, and an oldish-looking young man ol nlvHih qi rrVi f_ on rl -frvon f.-rr' Ttrifch r>l pop -ft h n.VPTt about eight-and-twentyj with" " clean-shaven face and rather tired'eyes. At the foot of the wide steps, on the carriage drive, were ranged rows of large va ts dnd barrels. Then all around stood the crowd, in a sort of loose semi-circle, most of the men wearingi badges and insignia, conspicuous amongst which were the red-and white and blue-and-white sashes of the Rechabites. When the schoolmaster and, Barbara drew near the motley gathering about the first person they recognised was Long Lauchie, the shoemaker; and, by,him they remained; doubtless he could them tell as well as anyone what was going forward. * At first, indeed, there was nothing but an ordinary temperance lecture, which the young man with the grey worn face was delivering; if not with eloquence, at least with a convincing simplicity and earnestness. But if these statements he was making were familiar, they were none thie welcomed by his audience with an extraordinary enthusiasm; cheer after cheer arose at the end of each telling sen tence ; and even the lads and boys who formed the fringe of the throng contributed their reckless hurrahs. All save Long Lauchie _ seemed to Bhare in the general excitement.: The unhappy Lauclilan was silent and de pressed ; his eyes were lustreless ; a melancholy "of Cerberus and blackest Midnight born," appeared to have possession of his soul. His> gay sash was hardly in keeping with this air of profound despondency.. .' 'But it was now that-' young Murray of Inveruran proceeded to explain the chief reason why he had asked these good folk to assemble. He .would not, he said,,'utter a single word against those who had gone before him; other times had other manners ; and there was no doubt that our 1 forefathers had been in the habit of drinking more than was. good for them. In these present .days the national conscience had become awakened; serious attention had been called to the wide-: spread.misery and ruin resulting from the use of alcohol, and man's duty to nis fellow man had become part of the accepted moral law. Long ago, he went on, he had resolved that, when in the course of nature he came to succeed ~ to the Inveruran estate, oneof hisfirstacts would be to see that every butt and bin of .wine, every cask of ale and spirits, found in the. cellar should be _ destroyed; and if circum stances had. detained him in foreign parts during the last dew years and delayed the execution of this project, the • time had at length arrived. It was not, he said, a trifling sacrifice. Large sums could have been ob tained for the various wines that, for con venience sake, had now been decanted and emptied into the_ Vats before ■ them. There were ports, sherries,' madeiras of almost in credible age; there were- Burgundies, olarets, Bhine: wines of inestimable quality; there were brandies and whiskeys -that .had been handed down from generation ■ to generation, and carefully tended arid replenished. _ But no pecuniary inducement could tempt him to the dissemina tion of poison. It must be destroyed ! Here there was an indescribable commotion throughout the crowd; the yelling and cheer ing became tumultuous; the small boys threw their caps in the air, with more wild hurrahs. Long Lauchie sighed heavily. It had been suggested to him, the young laird proceeded, that he might have sent, these , wines and spirits to the great' hospitals in the soutn. But medical men did not seem to agree as to the efficacy of alcohol in cases of illness; and even if it could be proved that here and there some slight advantage might. accruo the counter balancing risk of sowing the seeds of fatal habits Was of far greater import. No; he would have no half-measures; he would carry his principles into practice; there was nothing for it but the utter extermination, so far as lay in one's power, of those pernicious fluids that were wrecking the body and soul of Our fellow-creatures. '• "John!" There was a little old man standing by, a little old man with short side- whiskers, who held a hammer in his hand. " Perhaps," said the young laird,: with a dry smile coming over his prematurely dessicatea face, "perhaps it may interest you, gentle men, to know that the first cask to be openbd contains between twenty and thirty dozen: of Madeira that made several lon» voyages in my great-grandfather's time. It has cOme to the end of its travels at last." He signed with his finger to the little old man, who in a nervous and tremulous fashion went along to the furthest vat. There, after some tugging and hammering, the bung was extracted and at once there gushed forth a stream of clear amber fluid. A hoarse roar of rejoicing arose from the crowd. - " Hurrah !— hurrah! shouted, the small boys. And LauchlaU Maclntyre, when he observed * the turbid rivulet come along the channel for draining the carriage drive—so close under their feet that Barbara had to step on to the lawn to save her skirts—Lauchlan _ regarded^ it with an air of still deeper dejection, and sighed more heavily than before. I admire that young man," said the school master. "It may be idiotcy^-bufc there's earnestness at the back of it. And he's a wealdy-looking creature, too." Barrel after barrel followed—red streams, golden streams, white streams, commingling and rushing away down the sloping drive; while the din and clamor of the exultant Kechabites filled the quiet evening air. " Poor old Sandy Livingstone!" sajd the schoolmaster, absently. "There's now ono water the less for him to poach. This stuff will have killed every sea- trout in the Uran burn." " " It is a sin and a shame!" said Barbara, in sharper tones. " There are many poor people who might have had the benefit in the cold of the winter." "What, what?—you must not talk liko that, Barbara!" her companion remonstrated. "You have been greatly privileged. You have witnessed a sacred rite, you have beheld a libation poured out in honor of one of the new gods; and who knows but that the new god maybe well worthy of Worship? Anyhow, the worship itself is the valuable thing; think with what a serene conscience that-young man will fall asleep to-night." "Ay, the conscience," murmured Lauchlan from the depths of his Woe. "You may well say that, you may well say that. IPs the con science that has to be obeyed, though the flesh cries out in its weakness-' And at length the work of destruction was complete; there remained nothing but the empty tuns and the purple and brown stains on the gravel. Then the hero of the hour thaiiked the assemblage for having responded, to his invitation; they gave him three"" cheer?, and-oae cheer more; th&band.; tools position; the rank3 were re-formed; and to | the stirring strains of 'Neil Gow's farewell to 'whisky1 the whole concourse, small boys and all, set out again for Duntroone. There was no very strict order kept on this line of march; strag glers from the crowd joined in the procession so as to chat with their friends; and thus it was that Lauchie Maelntyre could still have with him the two young people whose society, in Ills present dolorous state, had proved some thing of a solace to him.' " I'm afraid," said Allan—in an interval of peace. allowed thein by the band—" I'm afraid you're not looking so well, Lauchlan." ' "No; I am not well at ahl," replied Lauchlan, with another heavy sigh. " I have been eating nothing, or next to nothing, for some time back. I'm not fit to be here the day—but it was a great occasion—for giving testimony " The band broke in upon them 'with " Johnny Cope"—a fine marching tune. When quiet had been restored Lauchlan turned to the other and younger of his companions. ■ "I was hearing of the wedding, Miss Barbara," he' said. "And there's a little present I have waiting for you—will you come into the house and take it home with you." "Indeed, I am obliged to you, Mr. Maelntyre, responded Barbara, with glad assent. • Allan looked a little disconcerted. It was scarcely for one in Long Lauchie's circum stances to be buying wedding presents. But the schoolmaster "did not at the moment put in an objection;' lie was unwilling to rob Barbara of any little pleasure ; and perhaps after all the gift might not be of much value. So when they bad got back to Duntroone, ■ the three of them made for the shoemaker's humble dwelling and ascended to the room ort the-first floor. It was a cheerless-looking place; and perhaps it was the doleful aspect of it, or perhaps it was the fatigue of the march, that seemed to overcome Lauchlan. With a hopeless groan he sat down upon a wooden chair. And then again he raised his head and began to look round the apartment, warily and fearfully. *' Sometimes," he said in a sombre fashion, "sometimes I am seeing things that are not: there." ' _ Then'he appeared to remember why he had invited, these guests to come indoors; he got up from the chair and went away, slowly and dejectedly, to a cupboard in the passage. "Barbara," said the schoolmaster, m a quick undertone, "Lauchlan Maelntyre is far from wefL- Could you not offer to make him some tea?' "I could not offer to make tea in another person's house," she replied, not too civilly. Almost at the same moment Lauchlan re turned, holding in both hands (for they were; sliakinga Little) his wedding- gift. It was an old-fashion;* four-tubpd Scandinavian liqueur bdtclei' that originally had been something; rather fine; but it had been debased by the addition of a flaunting electro-plated handle and stopper; and was now apparently serving as a whisky-decanter. "It belonged to my wife," said he, "and she might come back to tek it aweh." '' Oh, thank'you indeed !" said Barbara, re ceiving the gift with manifest gratification. "Barbara—you cannot!" interposed the schoolmaster, " with an angry and impatient frown. " 11 is Mrs. Maclntyre's!", " Ay, that is the reason—that is just the reason," said Lauchlan, as he sank into the chair again. "She might come back. I am not wishing for it to be here. And it is of no use to me now" he went ou mournfully. "It is of no use any more, never any more. It is a sign of evil tilings that have been thrown aside; I am not wishing to see it again." "Barbara," the schoolmaster once more pro tested, "put that decanter back in the cup board. It belongs to Mrs. Maelntyre." " But if Mr. Maelntyre is wishing it out of the house," Barbara rejoined—and she showed no disposition to part with her present—"it is for him to decide. "Ay, ay, tek it aweh," said or moaned the shoemaker, and he disconsolately shook his head._ "There will be no bottles of any kind in this house, not any more—never any more." (To be continued-.) 