"TABBY." I BY ' CUROME.' f -0- I This was how the acquaintance was t formed. t Miss Snowy was sitting sunning herself on l the area steps, when there came limping by I a starved, dirty-looking, tortoise shell kitten. I Seeing Snowy, it stopped to look admiringly at her white, glossy-looking fur, her deli- I cately rounded limbs, and nice trim whis kers. 'Dear me,' said Miss Snowy, turning up her nose; ' what a dirty-looking kitten! f What is your name, little cat I c ' Tabby,' answered the kitten, rubbing a smutty-looking paw apologetically over her r dirty face. 'Well, Tabby,' continued Miss Snowy, 'are you aware what a very disreputable kit- 1 ten you appear, and that no cat with any self-respect would present herself to the pub- c lic gaze in such a condition.' 'Yes'm; but please, the boys tied a string t round my neck, fastened a tin to it, and threw me in the pond ; and when I did man age to crawl out the dogs chased me, and only that I got rid of the tin and escaped up a tree, they would have killed me.' And Tabby wiped a small tear from the corner of her eye. ' Dear me,' said Snowy, sympathetically. f 'For my part, I don't know what's the use of either boys or dogs in the world. The boys I only throw stones at respectable cats, and, t whenever our harmonic society pneet to give a concere by moonligbt, those wretched dogs 1 quite spoil it with their yelping. The lan- c guage, too, from the adjacent windows, my dear, is simply awful, not to speak of the mis siles thrown, such as boots and brushes, candlesticks, etc., which hurt our feelings as .1 well as endanger our lives.' 1 'Yes'm,' repeated Tabby, as she listened respectfully. ' Where do you live, little cat 1' asked Snowy, patronisirgly. 'Nowhere, please, ma'am.' ' Nowhere !' repeated Snowy, very much shocked. ' Do you mean to say you have no habitation '1 ' Yes'm. Leastways, I sleep mostly under I bushes or in outhouses, if there are no dogs 1 to chase me.' £ ' Dear, dear !' said Snowy. ' Come and t sit down on this step while I consider the t case.' So saying, she whisked her spotless tail e aside out of the reach of harm ; and then, as Tabby obeyed hbr, she continued 'Er-ah-have you ever tried to attach yourself to any respectable family I 'No, ma'am. I thought they wouldn't I have me.' 'Dear, dear,' sighed Snowy. The im providence of the lower orders is shock ing. ' Yes, ma'am,' replied Tabby, looking very guilty. ' Well, Tabby,' Miss Snowy went on, ' I have considered your case, and have decided to take you under my patronage-for a short time at any any race.' 'Thank you, ma'am,' responded Tabby, gratefully. ' I don't know,' said Mist Snowy, toying with her tail, ' how the arrangement will answer ; but it will entirely depend on your own behaviour whether I shall continue to extend my protection to you.' ' Indeed, ma'am,' returned Tabby, ' you I will always find me grateful.' 'I hope so, Tabby; I hope so,' Miss Snowy answered ; 'and now I will unfold my plan. Attached to our kitchen is acoal cellar ; it is rather black, but it is dry and very pri vate. There you might sleep and make quite a good living of the mice which abound there, and steal from our larder. How they can reconcile it with their conscience I don't know, but perhaps they have none. If the supply of mice fails, I might give you a bone or two, or even a dropof milk if I can't drink it myself. 'Thank you, ma'am,' meekly responded Tabby. 'Don't mention it,' magnanimously an swered Snowy; ' it is my nature to be gener. ons. Now, step into the kitchen with me, and I will show you round and explain what I require you to do; I observe the cook is absent.' And Snowy, followed by Tabby, entered the kitchen. The well-scrubbed floor, blazing fire, and shining dish covers seem like a dream of comfort to poor Tabby. 'Do you live in this grand room, please, ma'am ? 'Do I look like a kitchen cat 1' said Snowyy drawing herself up with dignity, and arching her back. 'No indeed, ma'am,' returns Tabby, humbly; ' but this is the beautiflooest room I ever saw ' ' ~ Most beautiful,' not ' beautiflooest,'' Snowy corrected her. 'Yes, I have no doubt it may appear so to you who are un accustomed to luxury ; but to those who move in higher circles, like myself, it is only the r linary comfortable kitchen. I live mostly in the drawing room. You see, in -win er it is more comfortable to take one's siesta on the A xmninster rug or velvet cushion than in the kitchen; for the cook, I must plainly tell you,'said Snowy, looking cau tiously around. 'is a woman of very violent temper, and not at all particular in dropping hot water about.' ' Yes, ma'am; you must be' very happy here 'Tolerable, Tabby, tolerable; but there are troubles even in my life. ObservY, this door ; the cook, out of sheer spite, ke;ps It lo:ked. ' Why t' you will naturally ask; simply, my dear, because it leads into the pantry. However, I frequently elude her vigilance, and slip in when the door happens to be ajar, and though she suspects she has not caught me yet. Since I secured a piece ,f cheese and a couple of sweetbreads, which I am very partial to, she drives me away if I only go near the door. Now, in future, if I get into the pantry you could keep a good look-out and let me know of her ap proach. 'But wouldn't she drive me away or throw things at men ' inquired Tabby, tim idly. ' Possibly. The duty I require has that disadvantage; but I should escape, and that thought ouqht to reward you.. Then, if by chanicS,' cotinued Snowy, ' I should bei enjoying some dainty, or unfortunately break some crockery, and anyone came by you could appear, so as to divert suspicion ci from me. Of course, if no one catches us it I will be all right. I am only speaking of E those rare occasions when I shall expect you o to exercise a little tact ; but, cf course, if you are too ungrateful to wish to make any (f return for the kindness I have shown you, p why, say so at once. ' Oh, no, indeed, ma'am,' said poor Tabby, 'I am not ungrateful, and will do what you it wish. tl Just then a wheezing noise caused them b both to look round, and Tabby saw a fat, red a furious-looking woman waddle into the kit chen. a Snowy had disappeared, and Tabby looked si right and left for some means of escape, but a hefore she cou!d avail herself of any, a blow from a hand broom nearly struck her sense- ti less. v 'Drat them cats, they are everywhere !' t cried the woman; while Tabby, mad with si pain, darted through the open door and fled a to the garden, cowering under one of the u bushes. Then, fearing that the red-faced giantess would pursue her there, Tabby, summoning a up her courage, crept towards the house and ii entered the coal- cellar. , She felt faint with hunger, and her mouth watered as she sniffed the savoury odours y from the kitchen. ,, A big rat peeped at her from a dark cor s ner. but Tabby felt too faint to give battle to him.. E. \- She dozed off awhile, but was roused at last by a call from Snowy awaiting her un- y der a convenient tree. t 'Where have you been 4' inquired Snowy, impatiently. ' Here I have been calling you for the last ten minutes. See, I have saved h you a wing of this chicken. I suppose you have never tasted any poultry before, o Tabby? ' No ma'am. Thand you, ma'am,' replied r Tabby, gratefully, as she seized the bone o between her teeth. The wing was of a very tiny chicken, and Snowy had generously left one scrap of skin ji and gristle upon it, so Tabby, after vainly sharpening her teeth upon it, was fain to relinquish the bone, as hungry as she had began; but the delusion that she had dined, p and off poultry, was so unwonted a pleasure, that she blinked and dozed in the sun, with 2 the bones betweeen her little paws. c In the meantime Snowy had strolled a across to Widow Black's to consult her as to h the latest fashion of wearing tails at evening a concerts, whether en train or d la Prince of Wales' feather. ii Tabby was away in dreamland, where t roast fowl and pig ran about imploring to be ii eaten, when whack came a broom across li Tabby's nose, and she sprang up in terror to confront the irate cook and hear her cry- I v STake that, ye thief 4 It's nothing but l spring chicken will suit ye, is it I Is ' Oh, poor Kitty,' said a childish voice; t 'perhaps it wasn't her that stole it, Brid get. a ' Not her, indade, and bones between her f, paws, the darin' thafe; an' me suspecting a poor Snowy, the innocent crater !' f Cook raised the broom threateningly s again, but Tabby did not wait for it to i descend, but flew to the garden wall. ii Springing wildly up the ivy she reached e the top, but cut her paws severely on the broken glass which surmounted it. s Just then she heard Snowy's voice call- v ing ' Tidby, Tabby, how can you be so silly. c Come uphere and tell me what is the a matter. t Tabby looked up and saw Snowy perched comfortably on a willow tree that grew in the next garden. Tabby managed to reach the tree, feeling very worn and tired, and into Snowy's ears she related the treatment she had received from the cook. ' Your own fault entirely,' Snowy an swered. 'I gave you a wing-a whole wing (impressively), and, instead of hiding the bones, you boastfully displayed them to the envious eyes of your poorer neighbours, whose humble dinner may have been provided by the cats' meat man.. I am afraid, Tabby you are too fond of display and not sufficiently grateful for your blessings. However, I shall not scold you any more, and, if you are good, I will take you to our concert to night.' ' Thank you, ma'am; but I wish I had something to eat. 'Eat !' repeated Snowy ; ' why you have ionly finished eating. I hope you are not addicted to the vice of gluttony. But I must trustto time to correct your fau faults,' said Snowy, as she dropped off to sleep. Tabby thought remorsefully what a greedy kitten she must be, andlonged to descend the tree to look for any stray bones, but fear~of the cook's strong arm prevented her. Evening came at last, and Snowy, with Tabby following, descended the tree. Outside the kitchen door a chubby child stood with a saucer of milk, calling, ' Puss, puss i' Snowy came forward, and allowed herself to be coaxed into drinking it, while Tabby sat under a bush, and wistfully wondered if it tasted as good as it looked. The child went away, and Snowy contin ued to languidly lap up the milk. Having drank all but about two teaspoonfuls, she remenmbered Tabby. 'Here, Tabby,' she said, graciously, ' I've left you some milk. At that Tabby, running forward, plunged her nose into the delicious drop. 'Gently, gently,' said Snowy, reprovingly 'I am afraid you are very greedy, Tabby. It's awfully bad form to choke and splutter in that manner ; no self-respecting cat would do it. [ ' I'm so hungry i' returned Tabby, apolo getically. 'There again,' sighed Snowy ; ' really, the lower classes only seem to think of eating and drinking, What to them is, the silvery light of the moon as it falls on the tile or pavement ? What to them is a sonata in L Sminor, or the plaintive strains of some divine melody as sung by Signor Catrawlina. Tabby. feeling very guilty, curled herself I under a bush and strove to forget in sleep Sthe pangs of hunger. A bout I, midnight, she was roused by SSnowy. Come along, Tabby, we will be late. The cook tried to lock me in, but I was too quick for her. Our concert will be given on Brown's roof, which is nice and flat, and is only two doors away. Thus adjured, Tabby staggered to her little feet and blinked drowsily at Snowy who re peated ' Come along, Tabby. So Tabby limped gingerly after her, wish ing the Harmonic Society had postponed their concert, or that she could stay away, but feared to offend Snowy by hinting at her wishes. The place of meeting was soon reached, and Tabby, under the critical eyes of several sleek, well-fed cats, felt very small, shabby, and dusty-looking. 'Really,' said a big yellow cat indignantly to Miss Greycoat, ' our society is getting in vaded by all sorts of cats, Miss Snowy thinks because she takes the soprano parts she is privileged to bring anyone along. I shall speak to the leader of the orchestra upon the subject,' at which remark Snowy, who overheard her, sniffed disdainfully. ' I wonder,' she remarked to Tabby in an audible aside, ' if that wheezing alto is tobe inflicted on us to-night. It positively sets my teeth on edge.' L Wheezing contralto indeed t' retorted the yellow cat ; ' at any rate, I don't deafen my neighbours by attempting to shriek up to L sharp.' ' You would be A flat if you did,' returned Snowy, sweetly. ' How witty we think we are,' tittered yellow cat, ' since Signor Catrawlina gave us the principal part. ' The poor signor !' murmured Snowy ; 'he has such an antipathy to carrotty hair.' ' My hair is yellow, madam,' snarled the other, ' and I prefer that colour instead of going about looking more likes ghost than a respectable cat, though, maybe, the absence of colour is due to old age. If so, I beg your pardon, I'm sure. ' Ladies, ladies,' said the conductor at this juncture, '1 must entreat you to stop this wrangling. The concert is about to com mence. At this, quiet reigned, and all took their places. The basso opened the concert with a solo. This was followed by a quartette, and then I came a song by Snowy, and Tabby felt awed and giddy as that marvellous singer ended her melody in a long, wailing D in alt. At the finish, all the windows in the vic inity were thrown wide open, Tabby thought to hear the music to better advantage, but, instead, a chorus of ' Scat, scat i' was shouted lustily on every side. The yellow cat tittered spitefully. ' They do not appear to appreciate your voice, madam,' she remarked, blandly. But Snowy resumed her place in contemptuous silence, amidst a murmur of applause from the others. One or two more songs followed, occasion ally interupted by a vigorous ' scat !' or falling slipper, of whi~h no notice was taken, and the concert concluded with the world famed Mullrow Chorus, given by the full strength of the company, and was followed by a perfect avalanche of hats, boots, fire irons, candlesticks and other portable prop erty. One of the candlesticks struck Tabby senseless, causing a nasty wound from whiLh the blood dropped freely. When she regained consciousness she felt cold anud stiff. The other cats had all fled, and she was alone on the roof. She managed to get down, and dragged herself back to the coal cellar, but it was closed, so she sought shelter under a bush. The night, though fine was frosty, and Tabby, shivering and hungry, longed for morning. Day dawned at last, and Tabby from her covert watched the cook take in the milk, and speculated as Ito her chance of getting any. Presently, doors and windows opened, and the servants bustled in and out. A rosy-cheeked house maid hung a canary cage on the verandah, after supplying the inmate with water and food, but carelessly left the door unfastened. This the little songster soon perceived, and made a bold dash for liberty, alighting on a tree at a little distrance. There was a flash of something white and Snowy's sharp teeth fastened in the canary's thro4t, and then she quietly descended with her fluttering prisoner to the bush where Tabby lay hidden. But Snowy was not destined to enjoy her eapture long. A shout informed her that the loss of the canary was discovered, so, dropping the bird hastily, she stole off " hebird made a feeble attempt tc fly, but Tabby, thinking only to ensure her friend's good opinion, caught in her teeth and ran after Snowy. But Talbby and hsr prisoner were soon dis covered, and chase was given by the servants aided by two boys Ttbby determined to stick to her prize as she thought of Snowy's approval. Round and round, over the rose hedge, across the lawn, through the arbour, down the garden, and back to the yard, and then I she made a frantic leap to the top of a large iron tank. As she reached it, a well-aimed stone struck her, and knocked her into the tank, the lid of which was off. When, at last, she was got out it was a E very forlorn, draggled-looking Tabby that stared up to the blue sky, with unseeing eyes, that somehow seemed to have a mute, ques tioiing look in them. 'The greatest thafe of a cat I iver knew; it's agood riddance the thing is drowned,' said cook. As Tabby's stiff little body lay on the dustman's cart, as it went slowly down the lane, Snowy looked mournfully at it and observed to her neighbour. Mrs Black-' A good little thing, my dear, but unlucky ; and with all my teaching, not a scrap of tact.' 