TALES AND SKETCHES. BENSHAW FACING'S QUEST. HY BERTRAM.MITFORD. Author of tho "ThoGun-Runner: a Romanoc of Zululand," " 'Tween Snow and Fire," " Through thc Zulu Country : Its Battle- fields and its People." &c.; [ALL EIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAITER XXXV.-THE PRICE or BLOOD. After thc explanations attendant upon Christopher Sclwoou's awkward discovery, relations between Violet and her entertainers became somewhat strained. Spoiled and petted ever since she could remember, bowed down to as a very goddess as she grew up in ber fascinating girlhood ; accustomed to thc moat unbounded admira- tion, and undivided withal, Violet Avory was now receiving almost her first check. It was all very well for her host to wonder " what thc deuce she could sec in tlic fellow," the fact remained that her love for Maurice Sellon engrossed her whole headstrong anl passionate nature, and opposition served no other purpose than to rivet her determination. To reasoning site was deaf. All appeals to hoi' sense of self-respect rendered her sullen -but underlying this sullenness lurked a dogged intensity of resolution. If ever a woman was on thc road to ruin Violet Avory was that woman, and she wo;ild hu lucky did she escape thc final goal. The days that followed were tolerably un- comfortable for all concerned. Violet sulked. Slic was an adept in thc url of putting on an air of outraged iunocenco, and managed to make everybody supremely uncomfortable accordingly. She kept to her room as much as she conveniently could, and when she did venture out she shunned Marian's companion- ship, taking her solitary wanderings in secluded places. Her hostess, angered and disgusted, after oue or two further attempts at reasoning with her, fell in with her mood, and left her severely to herself. But kind- hearted Chris-with whom she had been a great favourite-persisted in declaring that she was not the one to blame in the matter that she was rather deserving of sympathy and he accordingly was thc only one *o whom Bhe condescended to unbend. She was so sorry to be such a nuisance to everybody she would say, putting on the most winuingly plaintive air for his benefit. Had she not better goat once instead of wait- ing for opportunities, which might not occur for weekB ? She would bc quite safe, and had no fear of travelling by herself. She was only a " wet blanket " in thc house, an an intol- erable burden-she could see that. Every- body was so strange now-as if she had done something awful. He, Christopher, was the only one who ever gave her a kind word, or seemed to care whether she was alive or dead. And then out would come thc daintiest little lace handkerchief in thc world, and, of course, poor old so t-hearted Christopher felt ex- tremely foolish-as she intended he should and wilder than ever with thc absent Sellon, which she did not intend. Then he would endeavour to reassure her and reiterate again and again chat nobody blamed her, which, of course, did not impose upon her, for with the freemasonry existing among women Violet knew better ; knew that she was in fact the very one whom her hostess indeed did think the most to blame. She must not hurry away from them like that, be would say Things would come right again - it was only a temporary misunderstanding, md they would all be os jolly again together as before. And Violet in her secret heart rejoiced-for any day might bring back her lover. However great was her apparent anxiety to relieve them of her presence it would not do to bc hurried away just in time to miss him. That would be too awful. Her relief at the welcome reprieve would not, however, have been so great had she been aware of a certain fact as to which she had been designedly kept in ignorance. Sclwood had written to Maurice, directing the letter to the principal hotel of a town through which the treasure seekers were bound to pass on their return. He had taken steps to enBure its immediate delivery, or return to himself if not claimed within a given period, and in it ho asked Sellon not to come to Sunningdale until he had had an interview with the writer -at any place he, Sellon, might choose to appoint. No, assuredly, her equanimity might have been a trifle disturbed had she known of that. So tho days went by. One afternoon, she WBB indulging in a soli- tary stroll, according to her recent habit. It was nearly sundown. She walked along absently, her drees sweeping the crickets in chirruping showers from the long dank herbage under the shade of thc quince hedge. She crossed the deserted garden, and gained the lough wicket gale ont of it on the other side Down the narrow bridle path, winding through the tangled brake she moved, still absently as in a dream. And she was in a dream, for it was down this path that they two had walked thc first morning-uh '. so long ago now. She stood upon the river bank, on thc very spot where they had stool together. Thc great peaks soaring aloft were all golden in thc slanting sunset. Thc shout ana whistle of thc Kaffir herds bringiug in their flocks Bounded from thc sunlit hillside, mellowed by distance. Doves cooed softly in the thorn brake-their voices mingling with the fantas- tic whistle of the yellow thrush and the shrill chatter of a cloud of finks flashing in and out of their hanging nests above the water. She stood thus in thc radiant evening light, trying to infuse her mind with a measure of its peace. But above thc voices of Nature and of evening came another sound-the dull thud of hoofs. Someone was riding up thc bridle- path on thc other side of the river. Heavens ! Could it be-? Thc thought Bet her every pulse tingling. Nearer, nearer came thc hoof strokes. The horseman emerged from thc brake. Tired and travel-worn he looked, so too did his steed. Thc latter plunged knee-deep into the cool stream, and drank eagerly, gratefully, of the flowing waters. But the glint of thc white dress on thc bank opposite caught the rider's eye. Up went his head. So too did that of thc horse, jerked up suddenly by a violent wrench of the bridle. There was a prodigious splashing, Btifling the horseman's exclamation, as he plunged through thc drift, and thc water flew in great jets around. Then scarce had the dripping steed touched thu opposite bank than the rider sprang to the ground and thc waiting, expectant figure was folded tight in his arms. " Uh, Maurice, darling, it is you at lost 1" she murmured, clinging to him in his close embrace. And then she felt that it was good indeed to live. "Me ? Rather ! And ' at last ' is about the word for it. And so my little girl has been waiting here for mc ever since I went away. Confess ! Hasn't she ?" " Yes." " Of course. This was always our favourite retreat, wasn't it? Still, I thought just the very moment I happened to arrive you would bc anywhere else- with thc rest of the crowd. It's just one's luck as a rule. But minc is b -Uer this time-rather !" " But-but-where's Renshaw ?"' Bhe asked, lifting her head, as she suddenly became alive to tho other's non-appearance. Sellou looked rather blank. " H'm-ha !-Renshaw ? Well, lie isn't here-hasn't como, anyhow." " But-is bc coming on after you?" BIIC «aid, awake to the inconvenience of their first meeting being suddenly broken in upon. "M-well. The fact is, Violet, darling ; you don't care uhoul anything or anybody now we arc together again? Thc long and thc short of it is, poor Fanning ha» rather cometo grief !" "Come to grief !" she echoed, wonderingly. " Well-yes. Fact is, I'm afraid thc poor chap will never show up herc again. lie got hit-bowled over by those cursed Bushmen or Korannnas, or whatever they were. Wc had to give them leg- bail, I cull tell you. They pinked him with ono of their poisoned arrows. lie's done for." " Oh I Poor Renshaw !" cried Violet, in horror. " But yon-yon are unhurt, dearest? You have-have come back to me safe !" " Safe as a church. I got a trifle damaged too. Sprained my ankle just at the wrong time -those Bushmen devils coming on hard in our rear. Touch and go. I'll tell you all about it by-and-byc. I shan't tell the others about Fanning all at once-break it gradually, you know. So don't yon cut in with it." " Poor Renshaw !" That was all. In those two words she dismissed the memory of the man but for whose unselfish heroism the lover in whose embrace she nestled so restfully, so gladBomely, would now be lying in ghastly fragments among the weird mountains of that far-away land. " Poor Renshaw !" Suoh was his epitaph at her lips. Truly her all-absorb- ing clandestine passion had exercised no improving, no softening influence upon Violet Avory-as, indeed, how should it t-for was it not the intensely selfish absorption of an intensely selfish nature ! .' Poor ttonshaw !" And the man-ho who owed his life to thc other many times over, but never BO much as in the lust instance-what of him ? Nothing 1 For from such a nature as his nothing was to bo expected. This modern Judos, unlike his prototype, was prepared to enjoy to thc full the price of blond. No com- punction on that head trouble 1 him. "Oh, Maurice. I must warn you !'' cried Violet suddenly. " Everything has come out." lie started then. A grey scared look came over bis face. His conscience and his mind flew back to thoso grim, irou-bound deserts. " Everything ? ' lie stammered, blankly. " Yes, dear. About ourselves, I mean. I can't imagine how, but it has. Thcv have been leading mc such a life. Hilda has becu perfectly hateful. The way in which she has treated me is absolutely scandalous. And Marian-sanctimonious sheep ! Pall ! I hate them all," she broke off, lier eyes flashing. " My poor darling. But how do you suppose il happened! You haven't been leuving any letters about ?" " No-no-no," she interrupted quickly. " No, no. My belief is-she-she-has found out where I am-where you arc-and has written to them. " His fice grew dark. " That devil !" he muttered between his teeth. " That she-devil would do anything anything." " I want to warn you, Maurice. The only way out of difficulty while we are herc is for us to pretend to care nothing about each other-that thc past was only a matter of a passing flirtation, and not to be taken seriously. Do you follow my plan ?'' " Yes, but I don't like it." " That can't be helped. Do you suppose I like it ? But it will not be for long. I am going away very soon-it might be any day now -home again. Then we can make op for thc present hateful restraint. What is to Çreveut you returning by the same steamer ? ou will, Maurice, daring-you will-will you not ?" she urged, clinging'closer to him, and looking up into his eyes with a piteously hungering expression, as though fearing to read there thc faintest forestalmenl of a negative. But ber fears were groundless. " Will I? I should rather think I would. Listen, Violet. This mad .expedition of poor Fanning's has turned up trumps. I have that about me al this moment which should be worth two or three hundred thousand pounds at least. Only think of it. We have the world at our feet-a new life before us. You are, as you say, going home. But it will be to a real home !" She looked into his eyes-her gaze seemed to burn into his-her breast was heaving con- vulsively. They understood each other. " Do you mean it, Maurice ?" she gasped. " My darling, do you really and truly mean it?" " Mean it ? Of course, Ido. It was with no other object I went risking my life a dozen times a day in that ghastly desert. With the wealth that is ours we can afford to defy all thc world-that she-devil included. And we will." " Yes, we will." Their lips met once more, end thus thc compact was sealed. Alas-poor Violet ! She had given herself over, bound, into the enemy's hand. She baB sold herself, and the price paid was the price of blood-even the blood of him who bad sacrificed his own life for her sake. CHAPTER XXXVI.-SELLON'S LAST LIE. But that he held the key to it in the shape of Violet's communication, the reserve, not to say coldness, of his reception by the family, would have astonished Sellon not a little. Now, however, it in no wise disconcerted him ; rather, it struck him io the light of a juke. He had got his cue, and meant to act up to it. So when his somewhat involuntary host asked if he would mind giving him a private interview, ho replied with thc jolliest laugh in the world. "Certainly, certainly, my dear fellow. Delighted. Well, MÍSB Effie"-as that young person ran against them in the hall-" hete I am, back again to tease you, you Bec." " Whored Uncle Kcushaw, Mr. Sellon ?" said the child. Maurice stared. The straight question the straight look accompanying it, discon- certed him for a moment. " Renshaw ! Oh, coming on," he answered quickly, " coming on. Be herc soon, I dare say." He had made the same. Bort of reply to the same inquiry on thc part of his host. He thought he had done with the subject. It irritated bim to be called upon to repeat thc same lie overhand over again. " By the way, Mr. Sellon," began thc latter, " did you get thc letter I sent you at Maraisdorp ?" " Mister Sellon 1" Maurice started. Old Chris, was taking the thing seriously indocd, he thought with an inward laugh. "Not I," he answered. " Probably for thc best of all possible reasons. I didn't come through Maraisdorp, or anywhere near it. " " liefere going any further I want you to look at this," said Selwood, unlocking a small safe and taking out the unfortunate missive. " Wait-excuse me one moment, I want you to look attentively at the direction first." He still held the envelope. Maurice took one glance at the address-the handwriting and as he did so his face was not pleasant to behold. " All right. I know that caligraphy well enough. Ought to by this lime. Ha, ha ! So she has been favouring you with her peculiar views on things in general and me in particular. \ ou ought to feel honoured." "I? Favouring mc ?" echoed the other, in a state of amazement. " Yes-you. I suppose the communication is an interesting ono." "My dear hellen, look at thc address again," said Christopher, handing him thc envelope. " By Jove ! It's for me after all," looking ut it again " What a treat ! Why thc devil can't the woman write legibly !" he muttered. Then aloud : " Why it looks exactly as if it waB addressed to you, Selwood." " Ha-I am very glad indeed to hear you say that. I thought the same. You see, I'd got it mixed up among a crowd of other letters, and opened it by mistake." " The deril you did ! ' " Yes. I can only tell you how sorry i am, and how I have spout life cursing ray blunder- ing, asinine stupidity ever since. But there is another thing. I feel bound in honour to toll you that I didn't become aware of the mistake until I had run my eye down the first page. You will notice there is no beginning. I turned to the signature for enlightenment ; but between tho first page and thc signnturc I did not read a word." Sellon barst- into a roar of laughter-ap- parently over thc mistake, in reality AS he realised how quickly he would bc in a position lo turn tbc enemy's flank. "My dear fellow, don't say another word about it. Thc joke is an exceedingly rich one. See what comes of our names being so in- fernally nlike. Two selle- ch ? But you don't suppose I am going to share in your enter- tainment over this charming epistle? Not much. Just oblige «ne with a match." " Wait, wait,^cried the other. "Better read it this time-or at any rate as much of it as it was my misfortune to see." "H'm! Well," hero goes," said Maurice; jerking the letter, out of thc envelope os though it would'burn his fingers. "Quite so," nc went on, with a bitter sneer, running his eye down tho ahect. "That's about' enough of this highly entertaining document, ' the rest can be taken as read, like a petition ' to the House of Commons. That match, if you please. Thanks. I need hardly remind ' yon, Sclwood," he went on, watching thc naming sheet curling up in thc grate, " I need' hardly remind you now many men there are in this world who marry the wrong woman. I daresay I needn't remind you either that a considerable percentage of these arc entrapped and defrauded into the concern by Hus and. deception against' which it is next to impos-t Bible for any man to guard-at all events any young man. When to this I add that there are women in this world who for sheer, gratuitous, unifoim fiendishness of disposition could give the devil points and beat him atan easy canter, I think I've said about enough for all present purposes." " This is au uwkwa"d and most unpleasant business," said Selwood. " Excuse me if I feel bound to refer once more to that letter. The-er-writer makes reference by name to Miss Avory, who is a guest in my house, and a relation of my wifes-and that, too, in a very extraordinary manner, to put it as mildly as I can." " My dear fellow, that's a way of hers. 1 can assure you I am most awfully put out that you should have been annoyed about thc business. As to tho mistake, don't give it another thought." "How did Mrs.-cr-the writer-know Miss Avory was herc ?" This was a facer-not so much thc question, as the fact that the knowledge of Violet's whereabouts on thc part of thc writer implied that he, Sellon, had not. met her there at Sunningdale for the first time. But he hoped the other might not notice this side of it. " That's beyond me," he answered. " How did Bhe know I was here ? For I need hardly tell you we don't correspond every mail exactly. I can only explain it on thc score that more people know Tom Fool than T. K knows ; that there are, I suppose, people' in this neighbourhood who hail from thc old country, or have relations ' there, and the postage upon gossip is no higher than that upon business." " You will not mind my saying that it is a pity we did not know you were a married man." '"Had been' yon should have said, not ' were.' Not but what legally I am still tied up fast enough-chained und bound-which' has this advantage, that it keeps a man from all temptation to'make a fool of himself a second time in bis life. Still, it doesn't count otherwise.'.' " No, I suppose not," said the other, significantly. " Perhaps it doesn't keep a man from making a fool of other people,, though." " Now, my dear Selwood, what thc very deuce are you driving at? For heaven's sake let us bc open and straight with each other." " Well, 1 mean this. It's a most unpleasant thing to have to say lo any mau. But, you see, Miss Avory is our guest, and a relation as well. You must know as well as I de that your attentions to her were very-er marked." Ono of those jolly laughs which hos so genuine a ring, and which Maurice knew so well when to bring in, greeted this speech. " Look hero, Selwood," fae said, " I don't want to hurt your feelings, but the fact is you don't understand women in the least. You are quite on the wrong tack, believe me. Miss Avory doesn't care the ghost of a straw for mo, or my 'attentions.' You must remember that we both knew- er-the same people in England. There, you must fill in thc outline. I am not at liberty to say more'. But there won't be much time to put the matter to the test, for I've got to leave you' again to-morrow." To Christopher Selwood's honourable mind no doubt suggested itself as to the genuine- ness of this explanation. There was a frank straightforwardness about it which, with ti man of his character, was bound to tell. He felt intensely relieved. But to this fooling there succeeded one of humiliation. Had he not made an inordinate fuss over the concern at the start? Had he not raised a veritable storm in a teapot, and set everybody by the ears for weeks? Had he not in bis anxiety to unburden himself abdicated his own mature judgment in favour of the less reliable decision of his wife ? In Bhort, had he not made a consummate ass of himself all round ? Of course he had. " By the way, Selwood, there is one thing I want to tell you about now wc are together, said Maurice, after a pause. " You and the others were asking about Fanning just now. The fact is, he is not with nie, but 1 couldn't say so without entering into further explana- tions, which would certainly have alarmed thc ladies. Wu found our ' Valley of the Eye' all right, and a deuce of a job it was. Phcugh ! I wouldn'f go on that jaunt again for twice the loot. Thc ' Eye' is a genuine concern, I can tell you-a splendid stoner* Fanning has got it. Well, we spent the daj* picking up a few other stones, and just as wi were clearing out we were attacked by a lol of Bushmen or Korannas, or whatever they were, and had to run. By Jove, it was touch and go. They pressed us hard until dark, and: then wc had to separate-to throw (hem off the scent, don't you see ? We agreed to meet at his place -that is, if we were to meet any; where again in this world. Well, I had an awful time of it in those infernal mountains', dodging thc niggers. I couldn't show my nosè in the daytime, and didn't know the country well enough to make much headway at night, and I nearly starved. It took me more than a week before I could fetch the river, and get through to Fanning's place, and wheu I got there he hadn't turned up. But I found .a letter which had been sent by special messenger, requiring mc at Capetown, sharp, about some infernal but important law busi- ness, and I'm on my way there now. I left a note for Fanning, telling him what to do with my share of the swag when it came to divid- ing, for wc hadn't had time to attend to that then, and except a few email stones he has ft all on him. It'll bc something good, I guesB. I dare say he's turned up at home again long before this. He was just laughing in life sleeve at the idea of a few niggers like that thinking to run him to earth. And he seems to know that awful country like A B C. 'I never saw such a fellow." " That's bad news, Sellon, right bad news,)" said thc other shaking his head. " Renshaw hus been all hiß life at that sort of thing, sb we must hope he'll turn up all right. But thc pitcher that goes too often to thc pump you know," ¡f " Well, I need hardly say I devoutly hope he will, for if not I shall bc the loser to a very large extent, as all the swag is with him. But I somehow feel certain we shall hear from hi(n almost directly. " ! We may bc sure that iu narrating his ad- ventures that evening to the household at large Sellon in uo wise minimised his expe- riences of the undertaking, or bis own exploit's. It is only fair to say that he really had undergone a very bard time before, he had succeeded in striking thc river ut thc drift where they had crossed ; and, indeed, it was more by good luck than management that bc had reached it at all. And during his narrative one listener was noting every word he said, with breathless attention. Whenever he looked up Marian Selivood's hlue oyes were fixed upon his face. He began to feel very uncomfortable beneath that steidy, searching gaze. But he felt more so when, his story finished, Marian began to ply him with questions. "<A regular cross-examination, confound it !" he thought. And then by way of a diversion bc went to fetch the few diamonds which he had kept apart to show as the sole result of tljlc' expedition. These were examined with due interest. The fact of Sellon arriving alono created HD suspicion in the minds of Selwood and his wife, nor. yet uneasiness. Waa he not. a newly-imported Briton-and to thal octant 4* greenhorn t If he could find his way «ataúd successfully dodge his pursuers, wasit likely that a seaaoned adventurer such aa Renshaw would fare any worse? So on the latter's account they felt bat small anxiety. Not so Marian, however. A tactibhv suspicion had taken shape within hVrt'mlnd"1 during Scllon's narrative. "He has murdered ' html waa her conclusion. "He has mur- dered him," she repeated to herself rdatiag* night of sleepless agonv-such as a'strong concentrative nature will somotimee halalled' upon to undergo. But she kept her suspicions to herself-for the present at any ratai Shb was helpless. What could she do! There was nothing to go upon. Then on ihe morrow, Sellon took* bia de- parture, as he had announced his intention oT doing, and the equanimity with which. .thB circumstance was regarded by Violot, together with their indifferent demeanour towards «ach other an the previous evening, camplétíly lulled any suspicions which might.. have lingered in Christopher Selwood's mindf con firming as it did the other's frank and straight- forward explanation. For his wife had not yet told him-all »hat had transpired between herself and Violet.? ( To be concluded next week.). 