ý SHORT STORY. HER WEDDING-EVE. ERI wedding.eve I Yre, to • morrow would for ever end the old life; but how glorious ap. peared thebo exiot ence upon whioh she was about to ooenterl d everything to be for,nothing to come ;ad no mother; but having known a L mother's care, her father's devotion made up for the lose. She glanced around at the confusion of beautiful and costly things filling the room-hbor bridal trouseoau. " Sorely I oam a favourite of fortune," shbe murmured. And it seemed no as she stood there in her evening dress of delicate, gloeaming silk young, lovely, and radiant with happiness. lAh, yes, Alice Desmond had been a petted darling of fortune since babyhood, in. dulged in every whim, gratified in every desire. Tonight the very height of bliss had beon renabod- youth, beauty, riches, and love, What more could she ask ? "No more I-no more I" she naid, aloud, startling Sarah, the maid who was busily packing away the daint ardroube into travelling trunks. ";,'holt dre you va, `?.lfe .?eof! " , And Alice smiled and eair '"Am I pretty enough to- ight, Saran 1" "Laws, Mien Alice, you alw ye look pretty In pink I expect Mr. Phil 'gill thiuk so e " with a ely twinklel in lher bght eyes. Alice bluhed, lookIing lovelier than ever with that divine glow in her young lace. The old house was full of guests bidden to the marriage, and a subdued flutter of joy. ful oxcitement filled it from drawing-room to kitchen. The fret dinner.bell rang, andi the girl quitted the privacy of her room to watch for her lover's coming; but he had already arrived, stood at the foot of the stairs wait. ing for her, tall and handsome, his eager blue eyes aflame with love's impatience, his arms outstretched towards her. The hall was deserted. but had it lOen crowded with watohero Phil Kingsly would not have heeded them with that lovely vision before him. He mounted a step to meet baher; lie flung his arme around her, drew tier head to his breast, kissing her with flond payion. "Oh, Pail l" she murmured, blushing I deeply, but yielding to his arms. " My darling I thank Ileaven I am with you once more " le cried, fervently. 'I have bheoon all impatience ever since leaving London." " Why, have you also somnetimes ihad vague feare lest esomething should happen?" she asked, drawing hack, a shade of gravity com. ing over the radianno of her fnen, " Only the groundless fears incidental to this uncertain life of oure, dearest. Your preoence has put toem allto fight.". " But what it something unforseen, un. dreamed of, should part us yet?" "Nothing but death ca en part us now, beloved. To.me.row is our wedding- day. There i no room in my heart for doubt or fear to-night, sweethunrt. Come into the drawing.r" m ; it is deserted, and we may have a few precious momolta to ourselves." And with hie hand on here, hie happy, passionate eyes soeeking her lace, she, too, gave herself up to the blissful present. Dinner was over, and Mr. Desmond and Itingely were in the library, holding a little private conversation. Allie had just left them to join her friends in the drawing. room; but feeling that nilence rather than cpeecb fitted her present mood. she mnde up a card-party, pereaaded some lady to long, and leaving a comfortable group around the blazing fire, ese stole to the south window, flung up the sash, and loaned out into the crisp September night. INow brilliantly the stars sparkled and glowed in the fleotess sky, and what a sweet, subtle seont floated up from the old garden, whose late-blooming roses still hold away. "Hiet I Miss Desmond I tMies Desmond I Shall an old woman tellyour fortunloe" came iin a low, sibilant whisper ; and a gaunt, fierce.eyod, ragged old creature rose up from a crouhoino position under the window. The girl started back, a faint cry on her lips, " Who are you l" she inquirce, quickly re covering herself, and speaking somewhat im. partiously. " Only a poor, forsaken old vagabond; but I can tell you something, niess, that will drive all that bloom from your fao, that light from your eyes," Her strange, burning glance swept over the 3ainty evening-drese, the soft lace and glim. maring jewels, lIer brown, wrinkled face worked convulsively, A bitter exneration fell from hlier withered tips. Envy, rage, hate, led the lurid fire of her sunken eyes. Alice Desmond had bravo blood in her veins. She did not feel afraid, but she was fasoeinated. What revelation could this poor orcrature emake to harm or frighten her? Pity stirred iher heart. She could be generous to the poorest of God's oreatures'to-night, " I do not care to have my fortune told, but here is some money. Take it and go away. My father would be' displeased were bu to find you here," she said, gently, hold. aig out her slim, white haud, with two silver places in its open palm. But the strange old woman drawback witl e low, scornful laugh. "Disploeasd I Il, hal I shouhln't wonder. You are very kind. Ah, yes; it is any for you to play the Lady Bountiful, but I would starvo-yos, otnrve and rot-before I would touch Deomond mioney. I have come to tell you something." Alloi Brow aerious, im ouied, In spite of herself. "WYhat is itf" "A seo:ot, and one hat you ought to know., This is your wedi ng.eve ?" "A fitting time," ahm muttlred, with a fiendish chuckle. " Co out into the gar. don." Alice glanced back into he room. The fire burned with a ruddy glowe the oeoupants of the low chairs around it wore laughing and talking, and at the piano the musically in ollned were trying a new, song. No one had heard a word of that conveorsa lien at the window, She turned again to the night and to that evil-eyed old woman, who stood watlunhg her like a grim fate. Shhosaid brifiy "I will come." SIbo stepped quickly from the room, took a mantle from the hsll.lfbby, flung it over her head, and went out into the darkness of the outer world. 1ear delloate silk brushed the dew from the grass on the garden.walk, aid once a roseo thorn Caught the Ice of hler al'ere ; but on hlo went until ~ne oame faceuo to face with her strange violtor. For a moment they stood thoero in the tnidst of the old garden ; the girl, young, fair, and daintily clothed; the old woman, bent and haggard, her poor rage Iluttsering in the crisp, frosty breroe, lsilent-the one ocapot. aot, lne other wlikedly uenltant. Alice spoke itrel. "You must be brief, My guests will meiss eo." "Lel tho', fools that they are. Ie hato ihlcs ill. Ilut I will not duteni you very loc;. Where is your neother?--ill me," she said, etiuptly, leaning forwald and pluckblg at her lte ve. Alice roenlle fnrom iher touch with a thud. dr of repullosia. " IXad; Uhb tiled at my birth "-oduly stid frankly. "Ded, dhi s I la, ha Ia Yes, shoe died at y?ur birth, a clew deathl but ai sure our adild to the v,,.;d, to thle plasures of life, to verlphlug; tug e tey did not pt hbr ln a r(iTYP Int la a-nlthouj, . - "llow dart you rspeak so falsely " cried the ghi, her flce bli.nehilng, a hIorid chill freoeing the warm -u:.eg blood in her veins. " eTie true. I know it; I swer ill 1 Go ask your lather. Oh, yea, he has deceived you all these years for fear the ehadow might darken your lifo; but the curse is on you you are doomed. cladnes lurks in your blood, works in your brain. Olr, you are young, and rich, and beautiful, but the poorest beggar in the land need not envy you. Marry, and sooner or later you will find your home behind the bolts and bars of a medhouoe." Alien listened in speechless horror. She no longer doubted the old woman'e words, but what a crushed and deadly feeling op. pressed her I COuld it be only a hideous dream? Would she wake presently in. her own pretty room, surrounded by the costly conlusion of her bridat trousseau? All, no, no, it was no dream, but a cruel reality I 1iather had all that happy past been a dreamn-a brilliant but awiltly-fadiug dream. How far away it seemed roum her now, and what a block gulf of anguish and depspair lay before her. SHleaven have mercy upon me," shlle whis pored, hoarsely, feeling she had no other refuge now. The old woman cluthued her round, tender wrist in n cruel goiap. "Do you want to know why I tell yeou this oarelully-guarded secret 1 It is my vengeance. Long years ago I had a daughter, young and fair as you. Her lover was your father's butler, and on their wedding day they hunted him down, and Mr. Deemorld, the rich mer. obant, had him dragged away to prifon e suens hl rab apstIon aeall? sum of money 'fi jn i hiev flcoat clot. q:r" iii ,',y anRe, fun she wae hubt a delicate ureature, and 1 vowed she should be ve edg. Blo0w for blow, life for life, is my mito Go back to you guoets, to your nver, ad your wedding inery, but remembel " And with that last word ringing throllgh the air, she vanishe'd. "Can 1 ever lorget?" moaned the girl, stumbliig up the ptlh like a creature blhud with anguish. "Oh, fither, why did you spare nie? Oh, motheer, whele are you tio niglht 1" Sho felt ohoking, and pulled tllhe lace ruth labely away Irone Iher ewbhte throat. What i late, to be raised to the height of ltuman bliss, ouly to be dashed down into a bottolrloea pit of despair. All the time one thought kept boaling thlongh her brain: " It is my wrddieg.avo." A burst of gay laughter floated out from the drawing roomi as she etumbled wearily up the stops. It made lier shudder, and yet an hour ago, even less than n hour ago, she lhand joined in loe mirth, tile lhappiest of them all. She stole through thle hall until she name to the library door. Tlere shea sopped for a a moment, pale and waen as some wandering spirit of rorrow. her father eat in hios easy.chair, enrmking; while talking to1 him her lover stood lean ing agauist the mantle, H]ow noble he loored--how bravo and lhandsome I It he had only raised his eyes and looked on that blanched faoe, those enld eyes I Bot, oeoneeoious of her nearness, uneonocios ofl tile power working againsat the Iruition of hlis happiness, le stood tleuro talking and think. ing of to-morrow. Alice tretclhed out her hands, and her lips moved in a whiopered farewell ; then l lowly pile moved on up thu stairs to lier own roomu. Onl th tlthroshold she met her maid. " Goold heavens I ilies Alice, whalt is the matter?" sthe cried, starting back from her young mistresa's ohanged appearance in affright, " 11ash I I am only tlired, Do no lot me on disturbed to-night. I intend to retire at once." " But," "Please go, Sarah; I do not need you." And she closed and looked the door against even her faithful servant's instruction. The room lhad been put in perfect order, the trauckr were pakoed, and on a low oulch her wedding.droes lay carefully spread out, "with wreath and veil spread across it, Hlow the sight mocked her pain I With a despairing cry she flung heorself down on the floor, and tuoraiful tears saved her from going load then and there. Never in all liher young life had she shod uclh tor. rants of teaur, been shaken with such deeop ehbs; for never before had real sorrow lald its burden upon her, and this was a thing to crush even the stoutest hearted. At last se rose up,oalmor, but woefully pale and subdued, a girl'no longer, but ia suffering woman. An impulse to go away seoretly had come over her. With feverleh haste eho changed her evening dress for a plainer one, put her purse in her bosom, and laid out a hatand cloak. Then she noat down and wrote a heort note to her father, a pitiful little men. sage orplaining the oaneo of lher light, and entreating him to tell Phil. That finished, and laid on her dresing.tahle, ella moved slowly and softly about the room, taking a eorrowlful farewell of all the pretty familiar things endeared to her by a thousand happy associations. Above the mantlepieoo hung her lover's picture, rilhly framed, and thle most precious of all her treasures. Slie paused before it, tearless, but with heaving breast, her poor, passionate heart quivering, almost break. ing. " Oh, love, love, how ean I give you up? Yet 'ti bettor that than I should ruin your life. Heaven forbid that I should do ill Good.bye, good.bye, for over " and sheo turned away, not daring to look again into thoseo piolured eyes, lost her courage should, after all, fail, At last she was ready, and opening her door sheo glanced out, The house was all quiet, the hall dark and deserted, Shb went out, and with noiselese steps groped her way down stairs. With shaking haneed shabe fumbled at the fastenings of the front door. She thought hoe heard footstepe on the upper floor, and listened in breathless ttrror. It was only a false alarm, and opening the door, aho stepped out, atnd heard it alosa behind her with a ohilllino shudder. Shut out In the cold and darkness-she, the darling of fortunes' tIho glory of her father's house, the belovbd of Phil Kingely'e heart; and yet soe fooedilt with lees shrink ing than she could avoe facedtl pitying felends, a ohamo-triokeu ather, a luokewarm lover. Half a dozen houndts beunded up to meet her, barknlg dleeply ; but the sound of her low, ewet voice, crouohrid at hler feet with whines el delight. With neoothing wordehe went swlftly down the walk, and no away from her home. and it wee her wedding. Theo wedding ay dawned clear ind bril. liart, with a fero Ioar froet lying on leal and iflwer. At Desmnond's the hlousehold were antir early, for there were yet many thingo to be done boelore the bridal feast was spread, Suddenly a strange ory rang thro?iulgh the hoaeo; a ory of appreheoeion ; of alarm--the bride ould not bne found. Her bed was un. tocoebod, her evening dreew lay in a crulnlled IOheap on Ithe floor, but ishe had vaolshed. iMr. Diblnond's ruddy face paled n lIttle, but lie i alled it ooly a iollehl woman's exoitement u0tllhe reaod ilo dlaulllter's note. Theou he tnoetlreod back with a liorce cry : "Oh, HeLraven I it is true she hoe lollft us I" Guects and eorvants were all gnthered erounld hitn, all eager, all curious, and Phlll lingiely stood at his elbow, pale and rather rclin. " WhsIc doeR it mPan I'" Ie domlndel. H le he 0 boon ledloUIDlc to u0me oruol lie," Ycou lie yourelf, Ilnynl Dorlnendl I told hellr oyie i el tllnth," screameod a shrill voice; oll a lsagitrll oll woeillian liellp~ld hler wcay lihrcich Ihe crowd until elc stioodl Ifeiltg the eltldlcer ol thie ctI, * i * c' YIcc hve for. rtteC en, eiocbably, hil lliave not lurgottln yell, III yail I)Je tllceli, clir thui IUVeeIt I eWntre to wruak on v yolr ilraegllinig uy Uerl's leover ll tO Ir?iUo arltid bheakirt; her oheart, ulc rmurdered her I'hi clir urced, whihly chcl 1 I ?at more mercilul to ycur prl ty idl. I only told hot the ftf0t about lek nigshu(, I and the fate awaiting her, pampered, spoiled pr:, that she was.'. And you would take vengeanee on an innocent, defeuenlces girl?" said t ingaly, sternly. She laughed fiendishly. " A liiu for a life, young air; better be thankful you have escaped a mad woman. Oh, it would have wrung your heart to have witneseed [ter horror, her anguish I" " Woman, are you flesh and blood, or demon ?" hoarsely demanded the merchant. "Damon-just what you mademe. I only hope you will now feel a pang of what I have suffered. You may take nre, kill me, for what I have done; I have had my revunge-" " And a poor revenge it will prove, when I toll you she is my daughter only by adoption." Ioe turned to his listening guests, a haughty flush mounting to his tine faee. " My friends, this woman's insane anger against me makes it necessary to tell 1,u a very painful story. It has been kept a secret from a foolish fear that it nmight oloud my sfirt's life--aeo is my girl, though no drop of my blood Ilows in her veins. You know, some of you, that my wife died in an insane asylurm only a lew years ago. Her mind began to tail soon after we were married, and sheo grew much worse after her child didd. We travelled over the Continent, and one night we stopped at a hotel in a little town where an dEnglislh woenan lay dying. Sire had a lovely little girl, a mere batty, and the thought of leaving it alone in the world distressed her beyond measure. My wife took a strange fancy to the little one, and at last we adopted her; and from that day to thia she has been my girl, my Alime, my treasnre; but would to Heaven I had told her this and spared her nleule rua"rin."' I?ifa eld bow'6l,' aidiH ey~?f tenderly smnoothed out the and little note. " How desperato her shame and misery must It)ve rendered her, to cr.ene her to run away in the dead of night-she, so young, so tenderly sneitered from all the routgh wudes of human auversity," he murmured, brokenly In the deep silence that followed Mr. Das. nlleld's explanation the old woman Iuept out, batllid, creuatlallen, and when the servants would have arrested her, lKingely restrained them. " Let her go; shs eon do no more mioblefl." Then he toutcted Mir. I),?mnud on then arn, "Iloueo yourself, sir. WVe miut find Alice." " Ye', we must find lier. Oh, Phil, where can she be1 my poor girl, my darling I" And Pll set his lips hard together, and turned Iroun the night of the wedding favers lying on the table. Alas for his lsappines I How switly, orueolly, it had been destroyedl Just weoek sine n he had loft hoer'father' house, and yet to Alien ])esmond, sitting in the sunshine in front of an old lhouse in a suburb of Lendon, tle time had dragged eo heonavily it seemed an ago. She sat on a stool, her head roeting against a small tree, ler handslistleesly folded in lier lap. There were dark rings under her lovely oeos, nnd a fixed pallor on her smooth cheek. An old woman naue solftly to the door, looked at her, and shook her bead with a deep high. She had been the girl's nurt.e, 'asd loved her with devotion. Whleat a shtoak it had been to lher to bate her nursling gome an she didl She could not attend thle wedding, but stoe sat by her lonely lire thinking of it one evening just as dusk, when ameon loud, hurrled knock on toe front door, and there on the steop stood Allea, pallid as death-a veritable ghost, the fright. uned womann at irst tlhought. S" Oh, Nora, take me in I hide me away from tie world, for emy heart is broken I" she panted, and fell faint and exhausted surots the thbreslold ; and tlhere se had been ever sineo-n silent, joyous creature, so uen like her old, gay, brilliant self, it wrung the women's heart to look at her. To-day site sat on the stool in the sun. bhine. list es, hopeleOs. "Oh, that master would come l" sighed old Nuroa ; and searcely had the wish found utterance when the eate swung open, and Mr. ieamond and Phil IKingely entered. Alien turned her head at the sound, rand startled up with a cry, only to eink haak again on the stool, breathless, almost faint. ing. The next moment she was in het ath er's arms. * Alice, my girl I-my darling I" lie oried, and broke down, his tears falling on bar bent head. "Oh, father," she moaner, "why did you bring him with you I-1 oannot bear It." And then, mustering his emotions, he told her the story he had told to the wedding. guests. "IInd you come to me that night, my bhild, I would have told you then." I shall not attempt to tell you how the girl fell. The revulsion from blnakest despair to greatest joy made her senses almost reel. At irst sbe listened, pale and bewildered, than she laughed and wept by turne; but tile moment of supromest joy was when her lover's arms clasped her, her lover's lips pressed hers, ani abil Iknow she need never shrink from him. Snfreriog had laught her the nature of happiness. They were married that day without pomp or show of any kind, "for," said Kingely, " we will nave no more wedding eveo." 