!NEEDJL.ES "Short, Sharp, Shiny." "Well, good-bye ! old fellow, and goodluok. Oh, by-the-way, I'd like yoa to lend me that j £2 you owe me." : Hot. ■ Pugilism. Anarchy. Smallpox. Cyclorama. \- Silver rising. , "Rain coming.. Coal difficulty. "Continentals." Hire at Parkside. • Revolt in Brazil. ' Napoleon's ghost. .-Rust Conference.. •: .Slavery in-Africa. Postal Conference. Australian Natives. Alleged conspiracy., Village settlement. Drowning fatalities. " Trouble in Morocco; Death from synoope. , A monument chapeL , Death from burning.,, : Six boating accidents. Treasury indiscretion. \- -Anarohism in Europe. .Fire at Coomooroo Hill. Seven years for burglary. English wheat prioes low. Mr. Wragge prediots rain. Typhoid fever in "Victoria. Bush fires in New Zealand. " Courtship and Marriage." ' Two deaths under chloroform. " A temperance "pound" night. Smallpox on board the Massilia. Another series of " Continentals." • Policemen unable to pionio this year. • Arise of a farthing in the price of silver. Handsome bequests to the Wesleyan Churoh. Next contingent for Montevideo leaves in ] June. . The Colorado silver mines are to be closed | down. Four Chinamen drowned in the Bogan j River. " Yellow fever is on the increase in Rio de | Janeiro. The German and Austrian Emperors will | meet shortly. ' Harry Blinman unable to play in the "inter colonial match. : A discovery, of human bones has been] made at Hobart. The cargo of the wrecked barque Aarhus is J valued at £15,000. An old man murdered his wife, aged 82, at] Bradford, Victoria. The strike in the New South Wales southern I collieries is now over. Seventeen deaths from typhoid fever inj Melbourne last week. • English wheat prices are lower than they j have been for 50 years. The delegates to the Postal Conference are] having a high old time. • The Khedive of Egypt has been offered a | palace on the Bosphorus. The Orpheus Society will sing at to morrow's "Continental." Tasmania will not be represented at the] Brisbane Rust Conferenoe. The youngsters had a glorious time at thej Exhibition Gardens last night. The residents of Unley are anxious for some ] means of protection against fire. The Massilia is expected to arrive at the | anchorage early, to-morrow night. A West India regiment has been defeated by Arab slave-dealers in West Africa. Spain is demanding an indemnity of £500,000 from the Sultan of Morocco. The Rev. J. Berry is going to present the | Waikeri Village Association with a oow. The Hon. R. C. Baker introduced the Aus-1 tralian Natives to political eoonomy last night. Robert Wilson, of Gilberton, won the Swim-1 ming Championship at the City Baths yester-1 day. The -Premier is going to speak on "The] ■work of the paBt session" at Gawler next] Friday. The Easel Club are going to sketch "The] Boatswain of the Nancy Lee" for their next ] meeting. The insurgent warship Jupiter has been sunk by the Brazilian Government cruiser | Niothi.roy. A woman in Sydney had 24 teeth drawn [ while under ohloroform and died immediately | afterwards. • A presentation will be made to Mr. 'J. E. Snell at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, to-1 morrow night. The cricketing authorities of Brisbane have | to subscribe £600 for the privilege of a visit | from Mr. A. E. Stoddart's team. A French Anarchist sentenced to two years imprisonment for advising privates in the army to turn their swords against their officers. Mr. E. P. Nesbit, Q.C., says "The Hon. R. C. Baker and he are the fortunate members of one of the most successful tirade unions that ever existed." Hyde Park contains 400 acres: Phreuix Park, Dublin, 1,760 acres ; Central Park, New Torg, 862 aores ; Yellowstone National Park, IJ.Si A.—the largest in the world—is 2,288,000 aores in extent. Crusty . Old Gentleman—"Your singi Miss Taylor, is like attar of roses." Mira T lor (with a gratified smile)—"Oh. you are flattering!" ^ Old Gentleman (continuing " A little of it goes a very long way." Says Nesbit, Q.C., and he oannot be wrong, Of all the trade unions that ever were ma< The very best one to which man can belong Is the company known as the "dev brigade." . The researches of the American Sohool of . Archaeology at the Temple of Herat, near ■ Micenae, Greece, have jnsb revealed the foundations of the ancient temple mentioned 'by Homer as having been destroyed 423 b.c. Many, priceless antique works of art have been unearthed. An egg of the aepyornis, that monstrous ex tinct bird whose remains are discovered in bin post tertiary deposits of Madagascar, has re cently been discovered under peculiar circum stances. Some natives wandering on th< shore at the south-west of the island saw t large round object floating out at sea anc fished it in. The object proved to be i gigantic egg which had evidently been washet away with some of the foreshore. A fewdays aoro, qniteacoidentally, five gentle men met in King "William-street and whih holding a conversation, which turned to tht early dayB, comparing dates they found then combined residenoe totalled 280 years. The names and dates of arrival being Mr. E. T. Morris, 1836; Messrs. J. B. Bull, J; C. Wil kinson, O. M. Ware. 1838, and Mr. John Oscai Lines born here in 1840. While their conver sation was going on Mr. W. H. Gray, who arrived in 1836, passed along on the other side of the street. The chief of the Leslies ib said to have prayed before the battle—"Be on our side! An' gin ye oanna be on our side, aye lay low a bit, and ye'll see thae carles £eb a hidin' that must please ye." An old Covenanter, who ruled his household with a rod of iron, is said to have prayed in all sincerity at family worship—"O Lord, hae a oare o' Rob, for he is on the great deep, an' Thou holdesb it in the hollow o'' Thy hand. And hae a care o' Jamie, for he hae gone to fight the enemies o'_ his country, an' the outcome o' the battle is wi' Thee. But Ye need na fash yersel' wi' wee Willy, for I hae bim here, an' I'm cawpable o' lookin' after him myeel'." 