THE BEECHWORTH' JVESLEYAK;i : CHURCH ANNIVERSARY. ' The anniversary celebration in connec tion. with this church . commenced on Sunday last when special sermons ap propriate to the occasion were preached in the' Wesleyan Church bv the" Rev. 'H.';, C. Farley, ! wlw attended as a; visitor :from itur.ia.' The church 'was well" attended at both services,' especially in' the evening, the. discourses delivered by the reverend geritleriiari being! distinguished by:beth scholarly > and: ; eloc itionary ability; and which-were evidently: appreciated by his auditory. On Monday evening "the annual tea- meeting was : held in: the "Wesleyan Sunday school-room, about 100 .visitors participated in a: plentiful repast ; provided by the caterer, Mr Dal ton,- after which' an adjournment- was made to the 'Wesleyan Church, where a meeting was held to re ceive the financial report and lo listen to addresses by clergymen of various de- nominations. The proceedings were eperied with a hymn, and a prayer by the Rev; C. SAN DERS, who, in a brief address, adverted to the many blessings they ' hid received during the past year, which was ari en couragement for : the; future. They liad had good congregations: the previous day, and lie hoped they would have a good and happy mooting that evening. He was glad to see Mr Dawborn as a visitor, and would ask him to preside as chairman. : Mr B. DAWBORN took the chair amid unanimous applause, and an anthem having been rendered by the- choir; in excellent style, addressed the meeting. Ho said it was generally ' considered the proper way to say how glad he was to be present, but he would go further and say he was much obliged at.being allowed to be there in Beechworth ' and among old friends. During his short stay, hp had visited many homes and found that noth ing bound them together like the relig:on of Jesus Christ. It was twenty years since he first came here, and those bonds had never been severed.: day niight come when a new generation might arise which would not know Joseph, but he would not forget Beechworth while he had any sense left. He held in his h md a pencil case which had been presented to him on a former occasion, arid hoped his memory, of Beechworth: would always be as bri'ht. Beechworth had been very good to himself and family, and he should always remember its people with grati tude. He had been deputed to bring a wreath to lay on the grave of Mrs Higgins, from her daughters arid had done so. He had met many minis ers in Melbourne who once resided in Beech worth, and all spoke of the happy times they had experienced there. He only hoped they would all try to make their present minister as happy, and if they g it tired of him they would be glad to have him back in Melbourne. Fifteen years ago, when they were in difficulties, he was successful in borrowing £1000 from ho Wesleyan Conference to pay the debt on their church, and they had had that money ever since. But they were all as one family, and if they eould not pay they eould keep on owing. He assured them their friends in Melbourne sympathised with them in any trouble and prayed God to bless them. He believed in the Apostles' Creed and to that added his belief in the Wesleyan Church. The speaker, who was often interrupted with laughter and applause, concluded by cal ling on Mr Dalion, the treasurer, to read the financial reporl. Mr D ALTON, in rising to do so, ex pressed his pleasure at seeing Mr Daw born there and his regret at not also see ing Mrs Dawborn. He read the financial statement, from which it appeared that there was now a balance in hand of £3 13s Id. (Applause.) The Rev. L. W. LEE (Independent), who was received with applause, was very glad to be present at this an niversary. He felt rather tickled when the Chairman seemed to infer that all who were not Wesleyans were in a bad case, but his church certainly was not in the position of owing £1000. He had frequently heard of'Mr Dawborn and no thing but good of him. He would not take up mnch time as others had to ad dress them. He thought they scarcely estimated at their proper value their many little successes, but as in history we must not only take account of great epochs, but also the smaller events which led to them. The Reformation was generally thought to have originated when Lntller nailed his thesis to the cathedral door, but they must go further back and consider the causes which led to that act. Ic was tho same with the church in which success was due to in.my small acts. Every one could do something to help, as even children did in the time of Nehemiah at the rebuilding of the walla >f Jerusalem. Much good work had been done in the last year, and they might do bettor by individual effort. He referred to the late increase of buildings in Beech worth, and argued that it was a sign of a prosperous future, but they must recog nise that their prosperity was due to the instrumentality of One above, and not alone to man. . Mr DAWBORN remarked that he was afraid Mr Lee had not properiy under stood him with reference to financial mat ters. He was glad to find Beeoli worth was growing, and hoped the congregations would also grow in proportion. The Rev. W. H. COOPER, B.A. (Presbyterian), said thab iD returning to Beechworth he had expected to avoid this mee ing, but had run into the lion's den. He was happy to be able to congratulate thorn on their financial success, also the excellent service re idered by tho choir. He hoped to see all their sittings taken up, and if too many applied they could Sfmd fchpm ho thft Prfi«hvh.orin.n HhnpMi He related the dream of a soldier who, surrounded by enemies, dreamt that he was promised assistance by Alexander the Great, and on asking how, was answered " With my name," which at the time was worth 10,000 soldiers. It was the sam with them, and they must trust in the name of their great Master. Referring to collections, he reminded them that " The Lord loveth a cheerful giver," and to remember that when they gave tliey gave to God, as a stimulant to their liberality. He hoped they would contri bute in a nobler and better manner and lay. up treasure in Heaven, concluding with ari exhortation to all to do their best to make the next year a brilliant financial success. (Applause.) The Rev. F. HARRTS (Baptist), was pleased to be present on behalt of the church he represented. The chairman had referred to the union of a Wesleyan and Presbyterian, and this no: doubt would be a good union, but he thought that when a Baptist got hold of a real red-riot Presbyterian he got a good man. " He found that 'in any district where was no Baptist ', church, : he could always find a Presbyterian church to minister in, but he thought' fchev were imnrovin or "re- ferring . "to the financial success of this church he asserted that this was not "the only success that was necessary, and lie wiahed them not only monetary and numerical prosperi-y, but spiritual prosperity.' If they hid; that tho others must' follow. - . He compared some people to the trees in the forest /which were devoid of leaves and bark,1 arid' who liad- riot /even " the ' outside covering of Christian: experience, while others /were like- living trees, showing ; every sign of life and activity; The .trees bore huds and flowers, or were useless, and if Christians did not' 'endeavor to /bear, spiritual fruit, the - church"; could., not be ' prosperous. Every Christian 'should' be known by his works even1 iri a . small1 .way/ \ In worldly matters1 riieri exjpected1 an' accumulation of. riches, but the church should look for ari accumulatipri - 'of holiness. They ' should endeavor to work' In harmony/ with/ other Christians and reiriember, the injunction of the Saviour and 'fLove one ariother.e veil as ' Christ :?\has: loved uk"" They/ should sink all differences and show a, unity of purpose in extending His1 kingdom.. ,:iii conclusion he/corigratulatod them ori their prospects of prosperity, .and, hoped Grid would bless arid prosper" them in the coming year. (Applause). : /. Mr,. DAWBORN congrairilated -'the people of/Beeeliworth on theaddition of a Bapt st church, and believed ;it 'to he; a sign of more prosperity iri oilier churches.' He had now to announce tlat a coUection would be made,- and if they had not enough; cish. they;: conH' give 'a bill. (Liughter.) -. The, collection ".was thoi taken up', durr ing- which an anthem was: sung by .the Choir., - . / . -- ''' ' ' ' / j . The Rev.- H.':C.' F4.RLEY, "who was greeted with ; iloud applause, ' said he' did nqttwish , to; be. misunderstood;- ;He had been referred; to as. " a : great gun," but: it : was- .his .misfortune/: to// he rather, short, and he only' resembled a gun in j that /sometimes he -would go/off and sometimes rhe would. -not, :iri fact ! he could only considerihiniself as a popi-guri. .He -thanked his Beechworth "friends 'for their invitatipn to/coriduct the Sunday services, but . was : fsarful ho might :sba/e the fa-e.of the minister; win -instructed the verger at a hew xhurch - where : he preached not: to hand : him : the notices until the evening, and was rather annoyed at having them handed up in the 'morn ing.:. On asking the reason; the verger re plied, "There would be: so few to" hear you in the afternoon, I thought it bet<er to hand them up in the morning." (Laugh-' tor.) And so he was afraid'that after the Sunday services, they would not care to hear him again that evening./ However, he was very pleased to rt-ceive their in vitation, and 1 1 be present at their anni versary meeting. At a former district meeting he had been introduced to Mrs Coade, _ and had spent a happy time in reminiscences of the past, and had promised that when- he entered that state which someone had called "joining the noble army of martyrs," he would come back to spend the honeymoon. He was pleased to renew the acquaintance; and to find thab lady " as happy and as fat as a parson's pig." Ho was also pleased to see Mr and Mrs Sanrlers and many other old friends. It was like coming home, and recalling' old times really made him feel younger. He felt rather rusty at speech-making, for he had lately been where they tabooed speeches at tea-meetings and went in for concerts, &c.; The parson was expected to sing "r recite, or to sit and smile if he could do nothing else, but for his own part he was glad to hear speeches at a tea-meoting again. There was one advantage in hearing speeches from ministers of other denom inations, and that was they : could say things which their own ministers could not without being called to account next day. The interchange of opinion did them good, for there : was always a danger of their becoming too narrow in opinion. He once had a little b»at which he was very orond of, until larger vessels came iri sight, when he felt very small by comparison. Similarly they were apt to think theirs was the only church' whose idea3 were correct. They must feel and continue to feel that their dependence was on God for the spirit that supplies us with the aid we needed. The observance of Whit Sunday reminded them of the time when Christ's church received its first impulse, and though weak and helpless became strong through tho infusion of the Holy Ghost. In past times thousands were brought to know Christ through this agency, and our greatest successes were not owing to our selves but to the fact that there was al ways present the old time power of the Holy Ghost. Every case of success was due to Him who is the source of all spiritual life. It was a question if wo had not lost that powrr. It was true we did not now witness such revivals as were recorded in the past, and was there n it a consciousness of some thing wanting. They felt the need to-day of this power of the Holy Ghost. They were living in troublous times ; all over the world there wre convulsions, and an unsettled feeling in s 'ciety, and thought ful people were feeling alarmed as to what would be the end of it all. What position were the Christian churches to take, to keep up the times, to glorify God and serve the age to which we belong ? They must remember where their strength ; lay, and be loyal to Hitn wiio as cap ain would lead them on' to' further conquests. He might compare them b > an army be sieging a fortress, and provided with camon i and ammunition which were all powerl -ss until the spark wa3 applied. He had been inspecting the machinery in a ; mill, when a workman remarked it would nob be worth a cent, without the fire in the boiler outside. It was the same with Christ's church. They had a cultured ; ministry, good singing, and all thab could be desired, but all this was useless unless they received a spark from. Heaven to kindle the fire of the Holy Ghost in their hearts. The early apostles per- ; formed their principal part in bearing witness, and wo stood at the bar of public opinion as His witnesses, and the success of the church depended much upon our fidelity to the -truth. With regard to the future of Christ's church, we must take a more active part in social affairs, an-l look to the Balvation of men's bodies as well as their souls. Thero were wrongs to be righted and burdens to be lifted ; the poor to be cared for and tho oppressed to bo relieved. Christ's church must show it took an interest in these matters, and be on the watch to do good how, when, or where it could bB done. Science told us that the diamond was evolved from charcoal, and that pearls were mere concretions of foreign inatier in the oyster, and so they must endeavor to make common lives purer, brighter, and better by the gospel of Christ's love. He thanked them all for their kindness and attention and trusted that the ensuing year would be better than any in the past. (Continued ap plause.) The Rev. C. SANDERS moved a resolu tion returning thanks to the ladies who collected and presided at the tables that evening ; also to the choir and organist ; likewise to the various speakers, : who had always been ready to attend, includ ing the Rev. Mr Farley who had preached special sermons on the previous day. Mr W. LANGFORDhad much pleasure in seconding the resolution, and could only say ditto to all the three heads of it. Mr F arley was s till a bachelor and it amused him to hear him refer to a wife poetically. If he only looked at the matter with a poet's sentimentality lie was afraid, Mrs Coade would never have tlie opportunity of welcoming ' Mr arid Mrs Farlev (Laughter.) . J The resolution was carried with unani mous acclamation, after which a vote of thanks to Mr Dawborn as chairman was carried, that gentleman briefly ' returrii no- thanks for the kindness he had ex perienced, and conveying the sincere good wishes of Mrs Dawborn to everyone. The Doxology was sung, and the pro ceedings concluded with the Benediction pronounced by the Rev: Mr Sanders. Throughout. the evening the choir, con- rliinl-ni'l V> .. '#T_ T n « - 7 oimpson, rendered seve ral anthems iri beautiful style, materially assisted by the services of Miss A. DM ton as organist. 