COMMON OR GARDEN LEADS. BY TEDDY WADDY. Of all things in this world of sin and change that stick tighter to us than our poor relations, bad habits, or liquidators, are our fads Every living man past the age of forty has one, just as surely as each of Joseph s brethren had his money in the mouth of Ina suck. Perhaps he may harbour a whole crop of little fellows, but there is the one, the bright particular boss find which he nourishes, and cherishes, and guards with even greater care than a young mother lavishes over the rolls of fat dimples and a smile she calls her first-born I know a respectable elderly man with grown up children who for years ago bolted his dinner every Saturday like a schoolboy so that he might rush off with a net at the end of a long pole and catch butterflies and beetles and grotesque insects with unnecessary legs, which he brings home at night and kills with oxalic acid, afterwards -packing them on cork with pins and squares of cardboard This fact has kept his wife and daughters in a state of ferment for years, fearing that some of the nasty things might not be quite dead and getting loose would walk about the house at night, like the ghost of Hamlet's father, with the pins and cardboard stuck on their backs The mechanical fad is a terrible one. One of my most intimate friends is now breaking out all over with it For years past he has had symptoms that have taken the form of miniature locomotives, steam boats, water wheels, clock tower, and the like. But now he is suffering from a severe eruption of electricity. The other Sunday I called on him, and discovered the whole of his family and the servant huddled to- gether tile backyard in a state of abject fear, not daring to go into the house or sit on any of the chairs for fear of " shocks " He was in the breakfastroom standing on a board placed on four inverted tumblers wind- ing an electrical machine, with the object of making his hair stand on end. And it did stand on end, too, like a birch broom 111 a lit, each particular have erect like the quills on the historical porcupine. " I'm so glad you've come old fellow," he said, "I want to be photographed like this Just take a shot at me with the camera you'll find over in the corner ," and to please him I did. Then I persuaded him to come down from his perch, disconnect the household furniture for a time, and give his family a chance of posting their -Sunday afternoon in peace. he no overcoat" faddist is an irritating creature. I meet a fine specimen at my suburban station every morning One morning, when the east wind was coming up as keen as a razor and os cold 113 the breath of an iceberg, he came on to the platform, his teeth chattering like a quart- bat tory. "You look cold," somebody stud in cautiously. This gave him his opportunity " Co co cold, not able bit of it, I'm qu qu quite w w warm. I one he never wear art 0 0 o o overcoat, hav haven't for forty five years , don't need one. You fell Fel lows are regular nil nil nil mollycoddles " And so he goes on punishing himself winter after winter, just for the sake of keeping his pet fad going He flatters himself that he 13 " hardy," and that we others are delicate creatures that require to be wrapped up to prevent us tram perishing And so for his dearest Jud he suffers continual cold in the head, a nose like Ancient Pistol, watery eyes, blue checks, and his poor teeth going as if he had seen a wilder- ness of ghosts en bloc. There is a small map of the faddists who in the season never miss a Saturday down the bay in the excursion Steamer For the most part they are round and rosy, choppy little men, with cheery ways and of average intelligence, sane in every other direction except that of keeping up their bay record " I've never missed a natural ly for ten y ears, ' said one in the train the other morning with pride on his brow. 1 then he looked at us with the superior air of a man who has performed a ft at that should earn for him mulling fame. "Do you like it?" asked the "no overcoat" man. "Like it," he replied what should I do it or if I didn't like it " O I" replied he of the chattering teeth, " I thought it was only just a fad of yours " A peculiar phase of the mania is the car entering craze A good many of my friends have it, and the symptoms are all similar. They have shed in the back yard wherein they have all their spare moments making sideboards, cupboards, tables, wardrobes, on. These are fearful and wonderful things when made, not like any thing above the earth nor in the waters under the earth, and they generally cost about five times what they could be bought for at any cabinetmakers. Dits faddist plane has two or three of his fingers bound up with rag the result of mis directed excursions with his sick planes or wandering class Is He keeps his family awake the greater part of the night with knockings und hammering, and when at last he tears himself away from his work he goes to bed | smelling of glue, sawdust, and varnish. His latest effort was to make 11 sideboard for his wife as a surprise birthday present, but it was too wide to get past the kitchen door, and so it now stands, in company with the safe and the filter, on the back verandah Norah uses it for the knife hard rest and to clean boots at, and stands the jug on it for the milkman in the morning North's private opinion of " the master is that he is a " nice convenient man, sure." The fact of catching a particular tram to town in the morning and at night is a drop seated one in many subjects. The chief sufferer, I know, has his cottage close to the station and one of her children stands as sentinel at the front gate to tell him even in the tram is approaching "Here it comes, either," bring him out with a bound, crumbling on his overcoat as he clean the bridge that crosses the line, finishing the last mouthful of his breakfast as he bounded down the steps three at a time The train is we II on the move as he jumps into our compartment, excited and turned, with yolk of egg patches on his heard, and his hat on the back of his head. Near thing, that time, wasn't it?' " Yes, says the " dow in the bay" man, "but you needn't have hurried, there was another tram in seven minutes " " If I'd lost this one," he replied, "It would have been the first time in acute years, and I d sooner anything than that," At I night it is the same thing, only he brings with him a bag or two of fruit or a crayfish, and coming full tilt on to the platform makes for the nearest carriage door, bundling into all already overcrowded competition lit, stepping on people's toes, and standing against the window during the journey) He has been remonstrated with reports di), and it has been pointed out to him as delicately as possible that if he rose five minutes earlier in the morning he would not have to bring half his Driiikfnst into the train with him, and that his digestion might have a show of getting in its five minutes' work proper!), "What" he answers, "mi late I Why), I've always stocks of time, D>e want me to be knocking about on the station for half 1111 hour doing nothing" the very worst of the whole army of faddistS is the man who believes he has been sent into the world by Divine Providence in order to liven up his follow men by the milk- ing of guns - here is a race in the centre of Africa who eat their old men when they begin to tell long which it stones without any point We might, with advantage, take a leaf out of their book and cremated the word torturers My leading horsemen has little black eyes like coals that dance with delight whenever he is about to discharge one of his miserable pellets. When he gets into our compartment we bury ourselves in our papers, but it is no use As no one will speak he opens the attack. " Well, none of ) an 're oil colour this morning." No answer , nothing but the slight quivering of mile newspapers. You're all Well red, (tout you see," and then his little black eyes danced a fandango, delighted with their owner's play on the word read." The no overcoat" man brooks ground, and as we pass over the Yarra Bridge towards the remark that "the river a banker this morning." The tiny black eyes commence a wild reel again, and then comes, ' Yes, and if we are much more rain, there 11 be an overdraft on the banks ' "Is it a pity whispers the "-down the bay ' mon to me, " to see a human being with such a wretched mama ' regular attendant at church too-goes down the bay sometimes on Saturday-nice children and all that ltd be a chance to tell him what a nuisance he is He has got the 'train catcher fairly cornered now and is pouring in broad sides of his idiotic puns Doubles on the two Cups he calls cupplis-»vorks off high mettled razor for racer-likes Caulfield because its shandy to the station, and so on till Prince s bridge station is reached I Medicine is the period of a tall thin man with lifted eyebrows and a nose like a quill pen LriBom salts is his particular weakness he has ' had nearly everything and cured himself. He scans the papers to find any thing new in patent me lines I see you tried ' he asks Professor Brown Smith s dynamo sugar coated self acting - blood -Creber.' No Then you should Noone knows what I have suffered from muscular rheumatism for years and thirty boxes have nearly driven it all out of me This weather has given me hobnailed river again I luckily I came across a cure to day -a. splendid thing I should think by the advertisement I shall prepare his system with an ounce of salts to-night and then set to work in real earnest with the ' hydraulic river wringers A fortnight later I met his wife in widow s weeds The "liver wringers had evidently accomplished all they were guaranteed to do and more "Truly, as Artemus Ward wrote, life is a wrong thing ' 