"TCTRQKA " OR « Saxon Ac Savage," By FOSTER OSBORNE, Author of "Cowabbie," "My Dovil," &c.;, &c.; I PART III. m .< Balumbama lo-ungil!" and again the lieaW silence. u Then Uralla's liearfc grew very, very cold; and, as though a bitter wind had struck and chilled her to the sou , she shrunk down and crouched among the ferns beside the silent pool. And so, Bwaying this way and that in writhing agony of spirit, with sobs and sighs and gasping anguish, nursing her Borrow in the still night, the maid of the forest knelt weeping alone. Long did she thus remain; then, when her spirit had grown weary with grieving, came a time of alternate hopes and fears a conflict of emotions which well nigh threw her reason from its. seat. _ First there passed before her mind a vision of Horace Mayne escaping unpursued over the distant low-lands ; then she saw her hapless lover nuivering in his death struggles, the mutilated victim of her guardian s ven geance. Now hoping, now foanng, the hysterical conceptions of her liarrassed mind flew from solace to despair, as she strove to penetrate the mystery of that dark night s horrors. Under the shadow of the lowering clouds the landscape blackened with intense gloom. Kangaroos, wallabies, and various Imarsupials came bounding at intervals along the path, which led to Minyago Yugila ; 'but, pausing near their favorite watering Iplacc, they listened with suspicious ears eat up, and seeemed to feel the air for stifled sounds, and then went booming back into the forest. The thirsty dingoes, straight from waterless regions, hovered liko restless spirits on the adjacent ridges, and sniffing the air with timid wonder, % slunk away to slake their thirst at other 5 streams. Spirit-like and spectral were i these silent haunter of the night, as with Iwary, subtle tread they crept_ around the Jgorge. Ever and anon from distant peaks gor far off hills, the-dismal cry of a wild dog seeking lost companions, or the low, distant cry of the maw-pawk bird floated down through the gloomy stillness; and Uralla's nerves strung to tension by raspense, thrilled at every sound, and at ivery cry she trembled like an aspen leaf, is the night progressed these howls and sries became less frequent, until at last a itillness like the hush of death fell upon the larth; then, from where the scowling mmmifc of Brajerak was dimly discernable iyen against the pall of that dark night sky Jiere shot through the air, shaking the pillow echoes of the gullies and rebounding Ihrough the ranges, a piercing shriek of §?ild and desperate agony. The scream if a maniac-the cry of a lost soul-the lelching forth of a pent up terror from a raman being brought face to face with leath. Only one solitary, weird cry ; but leavens! what a tale it told! . To Uralla that cry was a death knell-a javelin of grief, which smote her to the. aeart. Her wearied spirit fell within her as jhe heard it, and, like a wounded bird, she [ell exhausted and unconscious to the :ound. But there is not a soul beyond the mknown valley of death whose freedom 'ran its earthly bonds was wrought by mere aguish; for though times are when the lenses take sudden flight from crushing jorrow the spirit lingers still, a little time, a Momentary stupor, and the soul shakes off its trance, once more to weep and suffer. Jo was it with Uralla; a great gulping1 Breath, and a deep gasp for life and her laralysed senses returned. "Dead!" she mourned in a harsh, dry ,/hisper, " Oh yes, I know dead !" Looking found in lost bewilderment her eyes rested; n the silent pool, and in mute agony she aiaed her clasped hands and [crouched [loser to its dangerously peaceful water, there was no strife, no sorrow in its' placid josom. "Minyago Yugila," she murmured softly. Happy water, always happy very much I ove you; Oh my blossoms on the water : § ay sweet beauties I" Treacherous thought! Can it be, that her ove-parcbed BOUI craves the cold caress of he gleaming waters ?-longs to nestle in its |rystal folds ? Help! Help! Ye time-worn mountains, _javo the daughter of the forest-shield her herself, nor look so calmly and so tandly down where, in the shadows of the ight, anguish torments her soul to crime, lelp, ye stately timbers, for the flower of ronr patron tribe-the Womra on which pnr shadows fell for ages-save her now. fearer the pool she crept, her body oisel in timid eagerness, as though she Jouged to plunge yet dared not do it. She smiled, oh, such a plaintive weary smile, ffld without an effort, without a sound, gwooned into it; no splash, no struggles, gpat was all. Deeper than ever the gloom of night, the gW .above an inky pall, and only the ghosts llpd ghouls of darkness, draped in their fawny raiments, look down upon the cold Pd desolation. Only another joyless Pilgrim on the grim procession; only one lore sacrifice. Vuroga Menindie !. Yu Uralla i Ye are mt drops in the sea. 