A SCHEME TH AT WORKED. BY W. J. LAM?PTO. -ýrai-5gt asc .a young`feowo 24, and, after the fashion of youngsters of that number of years, desperately in love. The young woman who had led him captive was four years his junior; pretty, popular, and poor, and just coquettish enough to keep Freddie on the ragged edge most of the time-s not unusual characteristic of young women under similar conditions. In addition to th e, he had no idea that the girl loved him, or, rather, permitted him to love ae-. bemuse his father was very rich sad had promised Fred a handsome sum an his wedding day. To a girl fond of society as Harriet was, Fred knew that money was an object, and, while he was ready to furnmish the money to a wife, he did not wish to furnish the money for a wife-a nice distinction that some men with money sometimes overlook. Fred's father was a handsome widower of 43, and was more elder brother than father to a boy, and their comradeship and community of interests were the subjects of many pleasantries amor. their friends. " How abant the girl, Fred 7" asked the father one day, as they sat in the library. "• Which girl ?" smiled Fred. "The best one, of course." "You mean Harriet 7" Fred's face grew longer. \- Well, pop," he said familiarly, "I don't know exactly, and I don't like to say what I think." " Out with it, my boy," urged the father; "between us we ought to be a match for any woman alive," " I don't want you to be a match for this one," ventured Fred, shyly. Mr. Burgess bowed his acknowledg ments "Permit me to say equal to any woman," he smiled. " Granted," said Fred ; "and I think we ar3; but you can't 'most always sometimes tell." The father indi:ated some surprise. " She isn't going to fly the track, is she ?" he asked. "No, not that ; she's going to stay on and make the race, but I'm afraid it's entirely for the purse that's up." " O, ho," laughed the father; "she's making a shy at the shekels, is she ?" "No, pop," protested Fred: "I wouldn't say that; only I'm afraid she might be." Mr. Burgess become thoughtful and Fred was silent for some time. " Frederick, my chicken," said he after a while, lying his hand on the young man's shoulder, "I have a scheme ; a great scheme ;" and he tapped his dome of thought with much personal pride. " Where did you get it, papa ?" asked Fred banteringly; " import it 7" "No, my son; I manufactured it right here at home." again tapping his forehead. "Now you sit down and let me tell you about it." " Wait till I brace myself, in order to resist the shock," said Fred, seating himself deep down in a ;big easy chair. " Let her go, pop, I'm ready," and pop thereupon proceeded to let her go. Three months later Mr. Burgess and Fred were in the library of the Burgess man ion once mote, Fred having re turn d only that day from a visit to som friends in England. " Well, Father Burgess," he said, with unusual impatience, "how did the scheme work ?" " My boy, my boy," groaned Mr. B. lugubriously, "I'm not in it sixty seconds." " Wouldn't it work ?" asked Fred in a disappointed tone. " Let me tell the harrowing tale," and Mr. Burgess fixed himself comfortably. " A month after you left, in my coy and diffident manner, I asked Miss Harriet one day on the street if I couldn't walk home with her. She was just too sweet for anything,"--Fred winced-" and said it would charm her beyond ex pression. So I walked along, with her, -taglin ut yes--sdthe -men, Miss Harriet was enraptored to hear what I said of you and of the other young men, and then very demurely said she thought older men were so much nicer. Then I was charmed, and when we reached her home she invited me to call with such a winning grace that I couldn't resist it, and accepted the invitation in my very best style." Fred got up and tramped around the library awhile. "Confound the women," he sail " Did you go 7" "Didn't I go ?" responded the father with a semi-whoop, " Well, I should say I did, and until four days ago I didn't give one of those other youngsters a ghost of a chance at any thing. By the way, Fred," he added regretfully, "it costs like the mischief to court a girl right these days; doesn't it ? I had no idea it was such an ex pensive nluxury." Fred writhed in his chair. "Go on," he said almost sternly, "Oh, I did go on," laughed the father, "and she encouraged me, too, * and, by Jove, young fellow, I became so \- interested I couldn't stop going on." Fred looked at his father in amaze ment. If this thing continued he felt that something disagreeable would . happen to him, but be said nothing. "' Well," resumed Mr. Burgess,,' four days ago, at 8 p. m., I called for the four dozenth time, and my mind was made up to have that girl in the family, even if I had to prove myself a traitor to do it." Fred almost forgot himself, but he xercised all his powers of resraint, 'tSaid I," continued Mr. iBurgess, "after I had beaten Around the anotional bush for half an hour, ' Miss fiarriet, you have become very near and dear to me.' "' Yes ' shessmiled,;'I'm-so-glad.' S' Thank you,' said I, 'and now, without further preliminaries, I want you to be my wife. " Fred stood up straight and looked lowe fiercely on his father. " Yes," said that gentleman, as if Fred were enjoying it, "those are the exact words I used on that interesting occasion, and I used others and kept on using them, but she only shook het pretty head. "'Just think,' said I, coaxing i= y very best, 'how nice it would be for yt : to be Fred's stepmother.' "'Now, Mr. Burgess,' said she in response to this argument, and she smiled in a way that made me want to grab her, ' don't you think it would be ever so omuch nicer for me to be Fred's wife 9' " Fred laughed hysterically and kicked an unoffending ottoman clear over the table. "'No, I don't,' said I, trying to take her hand. "' Well, I do,' said she, dropping her smile and getting, firm in the facs, ' and that is where we differ to an extentthat you, with all your money and good looks and palavaring and experience cannot hope to change in a million years. If there is any other relation to your family that I would prefer, above being Fred's wife, it might be to be your stepmother just long enough to give you the spanking you deserve, for trying to persuade me to be disloyal to Fred, while he is absent and cannot see what is going on, so he could put a stop to is. Good evening, Mr. Burgess,' and with these unkind remarks to your devoted and loving old father, my boy, your dear Harriet flouted out of the room and left me sitting there feeling like an idiot, four stories tall and as big around as a barn." Fred jumped up and threw his arms around his father's neck. "Pop, ols boy," he exclaimed joyfully. " you're a trump." "Yes, my boy, I know it," sighed Mr. Burgess, "but you've taken the trick, and i'm going to deduct from your wedding present what it cost me to c.urt that girl while you were away, and I wish you would tell her so with my compliments." 