Chapter XXX.—The Spectres op the Future. "Don't you think, Gertie darling, that a I drive would do you good? For two days you have not been out of thia hotel—we might as well have stayed at home if you do not benefit by the change." "I am so tired, Clem, I feel as if I only want to lie here and be at peace." " Are you sorry you came abroad, dear?" " No, I am very glad, for I think you already look the better for the change." | And ao he did. There waB a good deal of elasticity, in Clement Dunravems nature, and ; hearing and seeing nothing to annoy him he had to an extent thrown off hi3 weight of ' worries. Of course he had his dark hours and very terrible they were, but Bince the boy's d eath he had managed to conceal them from Lady Gertrude, and as he did not' look bo haggard .as he had done in England she reasonably con jectuied'.th'at the chaiigei was dpih'g hipa gobd'. 'pLsunShinSi'the pobrlittle-.woman'; had,' .ji(ery..sajj,*"and so ^as.'sta'thftt, thhsh aboutVehalm'qst feareq'qhe fi^d received. hefc death^hlpw'^lieh.tSehaby^iei .V> ' , Sir .this, .H^,dhc}ii)e$ltp' ieg ,any idapger' hi* his .Gertie's condition." 'ZZZs'Z'■ ZAZZ'•'ZZ i ■ Other , women had Io3t oh'ildren'before and had'got over it,- why should-ehe not do the same ? There was no organio disease, of that Dr. Watson had assured him. Lady Marcia and Elvira Delane would arrive in a couple of days, and then Gertie would cheer up. How could he, miserable and remorseful wretch that he was, expeot to be able to cheer her up, and as yet they had not mot anyone in Wiesbaden whom they knew 1 Thus he oonsoled himself as he wandered about the lovely garden in which the kurhaus and the principal villas are situated, and longed for the time when, her friends having arrived, Lady Gertrude would be induced to &ocom; pany them in their wanderings. If he could only get her into th9 Kur-garten every day to hear the band he knew she would soon get all right. How fallacious is hope, yet but for hope how deep would be despair. Wiesbaden was not perhaps altogether the very best place to whioh Lady Gerbrude could have come, a more bracing climate might have served her better. It was Lady Maroia who had chosen it. She had, or imagined she had, various ailments for which a residence ad Wiesbaden. would be beneficial, since it abounds in specialists of considerable renown, and the chief object being to get Lady Ger trude away from the reminiscences that sur rounded her at Aboyne Court the climate of her temporary abode had not been brought under discussion. " Do you not think if X ordered a oarriage you would drive to the Greek Chapel, or the Platte, or some of the places of interest in the neighborhood "^'persisted Sir Clement. " I am very well here at this window, I can see the trees." They were at an hotel on the Wilhelm strasse, lookingon to the Park. "Then I must go all alone," said Sir Clement, with a sigh. This appeal at once roueed Lady Gertrude.' "I will go with you, Clem dear—forgive me for being so selfish. ' Order a carriage for' five o'clock, it will be cooler then." He kissed her and went out to give the order, wondering as he went what there was in him, a. mere criminal, that two women should be always ready to sacrifice their wishes and pleasures to his. ' Having arranged about the oarriage to his satisfaction he thought he would go to the post-office and see if there were any letters. Owing to some uncertainty about their rooms in the hotel all letters were to bo sent "poate restante," a plan whioh especially suited Sir Clement, as he could thus receive letters from Lisbeth without their being observed either by his wife or the servants. There was one await ing him now with a small P marked in the; corner, which meant that he was to open it when no one wa3 by. _ The sign somewhat astonished Sir Clement, for though he himself had told her to put it Bhe had declined, saying "that the letters she intended;to write him in the fubure would be of . such a nature that anyone might read them." Something unexpected then had occurred, Sir Clement-feared, as he sbood in the sbreet tearing open the letter with trembling fingers. "Perhaps the other child also was dead." By one of those perverse whims for which he himself could have given no reason ever since the boy's death Clement Dunraven had founci himself constantly thinking about Lisa. Lisa,, of whose existence he' had not taken any account until within.the last few weeks. If any sickness or trouble had overtaken her he felt he would be sorry on his own account as well as for Lisbebh's, whose idol he knew she was. _ ' . .... . . Bni Lisa was well and hearty, the missive began by telling him so, and he felt relieved. ' Very soon, . however, was he to have his rising spirits'dashed to the ground as he went on with the letter and read the whole account of Lisbeth'a interview with the Rev. Abel Singleton. ' ■ > ' Hydra-headed, he feared, was the relentless pursuer, who must inevitably sooner or later find out hiB sin. Lisbeth had been most judicious and had laid the. ghost for awhile, true, loyal woman that she was; . but there was no saying when it would begin to stalk again or at what point of his travels he might meet it. He took a long walk before he returned to Lady. Gertrude, although there were several letters at the post-office which he knew she would be glad to have, bub he felt he did not dare meat her questioning glances until after this fresh blow he could manage to assume something of his wonted calm. . One omission he blamed Lisbeth for in his mind. • Why had she not asked where on the Con tinent this persistent parson was going to take his siok wife? It would» have been so easy to avoid that particular spot and with the small means the Singletons had they were not likely to travel about much. Now he would be kept in constant dread, examining hotel visitors' books, looking into the face of every stranger, i afraid to speak to anyone who addressed him lest tho man who spoke should be Singleton, whose personal.appearanoe he had totally for gotten; Ob, it would be too dreadful, a new phase and a most terrifying one in the painful ^life-drama he'had so rashly and thoughtlessly ['prepared for himself. v:- : When he reached the hotel, before be went into the room where Lady Gertrude was, he began'the enquiries, whioh would now behiB daily task, by examining the book that lay on the table'in the hall. _ No such name as Singleton. He passed on to his wife's sofa with the letters he had brought for her. While she read them he stood looking at himself in the glass that hung over the mantel shelf. • Engrossed in her correspondence she did not heed what he was doing until he said— "Do you know, Gertie, I have a mind to let my board grow. It will be wonderfully less trouble than shaving, and rather becoming, too, I suspect.'.' She laughed as she said— . . i "You conoeitsd boy, yes, let it grow.. I should like to see you with a beard. No one will recognise you when you get baok to England." ' She little guessed' that this was what he was aiming at,- and that, as for conoeit, every par ticle of it had died out of him months ago. The subjeot of the beard was not pursued. Sir Clement had got his wife's consent to its being grown and that was all he wanted. Still she was too much taken up with her letters to think of anything but them for the moment. "They -will be here to-day, Glem," she oried.-; "By 'they' I suppose you mean Elvira and Lady Maroia ?" '' Exactly. I am so glad." And the excitement she showed about the matter quite verified his hope that with the arrival of her two intimate friends new life would he infused intoLady Gertrude's prostrate frame. This to an extent made him forget his trouble about. the 'spectre Singleton that he knew might start tip at any moment like Banauo's ghost and trouble the seemingly even current of his days. Thus the little excursion to the Greek Chapel was much more lively than might have been expected and by the time they returned to the hotel the drive through! the sweet balmy air and the fragrance from the woods had cer tainly, done Lady Gertrude good. \- • The travellers had just arrived when they .'returned'and the greetings were moBt affec tionate, though naturally tempered with sad ness, as Lady Gertrude's trouble had fallen upon her since her friends had left home. Elvira Delane had_ quite recovered her spirits and Lady Maroia, notwithstanding her supposed ailments, had never lost hers, bo the dinner which Sir Clement had ordered with much care was done ample justice to, and though Lady Gertrude said she was very weary and would be glad to go to bed she was not allowed to brood. " ■ • ' The oheering regimen which Sir Clement had for Bome time past been prescribing for her in his mind had begun with a vengeance. Would it prove of lasting' efficacy or follow ing the fate of many another regimen that has gone before it would the test be too severe for her slender stook-of strength?-' It seemed, almost like" i't,'"for >by the time th^y allo^ed'her togo oft to! had' her ' vitality was so '' completely! spent, that "' she nearly faipted when she tried to'walk across the roo'ni, and SirlCleineht "'h'ad ;. to 'carry her to her own, apartments. 1'.'.:.':t r Lad'y'Marcia'.Snoolr her/..bead anxiously as Bhe aa'w thom depart. " Alas, alas !" she said, "where isour bohnie blithe Gertrude of lang syne. Oh, for the days that are gone!" "They will return, at all events let us hope. » eoM MKIwim. •• " Clement! seems devoted. so," said'Elvira. "Clement seems devoted, why should they not be happy? When II thought he loved another woman I doubted that they could ever be so, but I think we maligned him—I believe Gertie is his only j love. Lady Marcia shrugged her shoulders. " I don't know what it all means," Bhe said. "Itis beyond you and me to fathom, but there is something very queer about Clement, and in consequence about Gertie. Whether she knows what it is or not I cannot make out, but whatever-the trouble, it is killing'her.", " Ob, Lady Marcia, do you not think that it is sorrow over the baby's death that is making her ill, and with time she will get over it as others havo done before her?" "She was quite as queer before the' baby died; and as for him, can anything be stranger than his ways?; He gives you the idea of a man who is always expeoting a bailiff or some polioe official to tap him on the shoulder. Between you and me, Elvira, and with olosed doors, I should have half !suspected he had had' some thing to do with poor Pierce Vaughan'a death if he- had not been almost as queer before it ;ph,;doh?6," cneH JEIvira,'!", V.pf ay c[pn't - go: on; Tsftall'not sleep"?^.^^^ if .you.-pnb 'Such' .ideas fh myffieftd! and" ,1,'api, dread fully- 'jfteiL'" jbhink'he.hadd6ne?"^' ... - .! ' Goodness knows ! Got into some feouble before hq was.married, .1, daresay, apd^whioh. be is alwayssuspecting wili6pme.o.Utand,make' a scandal.. But here; he..cdme3,";aiid?'w!th" a" sudden change of voioe and manner Lady Maroia continued—"I am euro you will like Wiesbaden, dear, it is such a pretty place and the right sort of people are. always to be found here. Seen anyone you know, Clement ?" "No, we have been about so little; it has been so difficult to rouse Gertie, but I hope she will be better now you have come." "I hope so, indeed. We will do-our best to amuBe her. We have had a very pleasant time —have met a lot of desirable people." " And Borne very undesirable ones,! put in Elvira. " ■ " Oh, that goes without saying. Well, even the undesirable ones have their advantages ; they often amuse you and circulate your blood, by making you laugh. That oddity who pro posed to you on the platform of. the railway station, for example." "The wretch!" "Hullo, Elvira, have you had a proposal!" asked Sir Clement, forcing himself to take an interest in their conversation, though his thoughts were elsewhere. "You did not accept liim, I hope. What-will Berkeley say ?" Elvira did not answer, but she colored up and looked keenly at Sir Clement, as though seeking to find out how much he knew about her relations with Sir Miles Berkeley. "And then there wem those queer people who arrived at Basle the night before we left. A burly north-country parson and an invalid wife. Neither could speak a word of any language but their own, and yet they were most fussy and loquacious. If Elvira and I had not come to the rescue, madame would have gone supper less to bed, for no one in' the hotel could have understood that 'the de bceuP could possibly mean 'consomme.'" Sir Clement laughed, still he looked and felt very uncomfortable. "I thought they spoke English now in all the big hotels," he said. "So they do, but the big hotels were full, and we were all in an annexe with raw servants unaccustomed to English people. And the discomfort that particular couple would have experienced without our assistance .would, I think, have made them return home without delay. Oh, it was funny. _ I hope I shall see him again. ■ He gave me his card. I wonder what I did with it ?" • . She felt in her pocket and produced a small oase, from which she drew the objeot for which she was looking— . Rev. Abel Singleton. "Thereit is; look.at it, Clement. Such a name—Abel. . He lives , up to it too, for he looks like an antediluvian animal." Sir Clement took the cord, which trembled in his fingers. So they were at Basle. He was glad to know their whereabouts; still it was a Shock to learn that Lady Maroia and Elvira had been in direct communication with these dreaded people. "We tried to persuade them to come here," went on Lady Marcia, "by telling them we - were sure it was just the place for an invalid, but they were so bent on Switzerland that we could not move them." How thankful Sir Clement was that they were immovable who shall say ; still it was no . pleasing matter for, contemplation that these intimate friends of his wife a might, any day receive a communication from the only man who could shed that light on his past life which must inevitably ruin him in the eyes of everyone for whose opinion he cared. Above all with Lady Gertrude. Thus thinking of her he threw Mr. Single ton's card back to Lady Marcia and asked— "How do you think my Gertie is looking— better or.worse than you expected 2". .. Lady Maroia, with -her usual bluntness, answered-straightforwardly-rr • "Worse. If you don't, take care, Clement, she will slip through your fingers. I oan't think what on earth it is that has worried her into this condition—but I suppose you know?" . "la she worried ?" . "Come, come, man, don't pretend—of course she is worried. Do you and she .have dis agreements in private?. You will say that is not my business, but if anyone gives me the idea of an unhappy wife it is. poor, dear Gertie." "On my honor, Lady Marcia, we have never had a word of disagreement in our lives. We are always most affectionate. If Gertrude is worried the cause is unknown to me, except, of course, the poor baby's death, and that is a sorrow, not a worry." "She was worried before the baby died. I was saying to Elvie only just now. Naturally I thought you knew all about it." " I assure you I know nothing. Ever since I married her I have made strenuous endeavors to do the best I can for her and to keep her as much as possible from everything that might annoy or vex her. Nor do I think she is worried, but I fear she i3 very delicate." And so saying he laid his head on the table on his folded hands and his whole frame shook convulsively. Elvira got up and went to him. " Good dd Clement," she said, "don't taka on, we must cheer up Gertie and she will ba all right. She can't go on fretting if there is nothing to fret about." , He did not look up, but he took one of hii hands from under his head and held it out to Elvira. •: . , • • •.= .-■■■ •- i ..• -;i "If ever anything should happen to me you will be good to my Gertie, you and Miles Berkeley, eh, Elvira ?" She did not answer for a moment. The coupling of her name with that of Sir Miles Berkeley startled her, but she pressed Sir Clement's extended hand. Then she tried to toss the subject from her. " Why do you talk like that to frighten one. Nothing is the matter with you. • It is Gertrude who is in danger, not you." ■ "We never know where danger lies," ha answered. " Only promise me you will look after Gertrude," I "Of course I will,- but for goodness sake don't let us have any more dismal conversation to-night. We talk about horrors until we imagine thejr really exist." .• "Yes," said Lady Marcia,,rising. "Let us go to bed and get up in the morning prepared to enjoy this delightful place." . " And so they left him, .both thinking they had discovered where the mischief lay; Sir Clemens had some mortal malady and Lady Gertrude knew or guessed it,. Ay, so he had, but not of the sort they sus peoted. If Singleton followed him up and chattered out the whole ghastly past there would be nothing for it but suicide. Was that to be,the end, he wondered. .-And how selfish ah end? Was he to die for his own selfish pleasure as he had lived, leaving Lady Gertrude; all alone to bear the brunt of the revelations that would be made ? . .. Danger for Gertrude, what did AJmira mean by danger for -Gertrude? Did she think she was going to die? His Gertrude to be taken from him, as the ohild had been, as everything he loved in life would he taken in punishment for his sin. With Gertrude's death the avenging angel must stay his hand, as, come weal or woe, it would be all the same to him then—Singleton might Bay bis say, the law might do its worst. When morning dawned Clement Dunraven was still sitting there thinking out the problem of the future, nor was he aroused from the miserable contemplation of what might one day happen until Lady Gertrude herself, in a long white trailing gown, stood on the threshold of the door, so startling him by her speotre-like appearance that the strong man cried aloud in fear. (To It continued.) 