THE PROFESSIONAL PLAYER, j It is always assumed that the pro fessional player of a musical instru ment is socially superior to the skilled mechauic or artizan, though there is no reason in the world why he should I be. An orchestral player may be a person of distinguished culture and address ; but he may also be illiterate, course, drunken, not scrupulously honest, and, in short, a person whom sensitive com posers and conductors would not employ if his mechanical dexterity could be dispensed with. An organist may be in every respect the superior of the rector, but he is just as likely to be the inferior of the keeper of the village shop, who does not complain particularly about his status. Some of the more innocent of my readers may be shocked at this, and may demand of me whether a man whose occupation is to interpret Handel, Mozart, Beethoven, or even " Jackson in B flat," is not likely to have a more elevated soul than a buyer and seller of pots and pans. I reply, not in the least. You might as well ask whether a navvy, constantly employed on vast engineering schemes, is not likely to be more large-miuded than a watchmaker. Take a man with a quick ear and quick fingers ; teach him how to play an instrument aud to read staff-nota tion; give him. some band practise, and there you have your " professional,", able to do what Wagner could not have done for the life of him, but no more necessarily a musician in the wider sense than a regimental marks man or broad-sword instructor is necessarily a general or a master of foreign policy. He need make no more distinction between Beethoven and Brabms than a compositor does between Shakespeare aud Tennyson ; even when he has an exceptionally fine sense of the differ ence between good and bad execution, he may not have the ghost of an idea of the difference between good aud bad music. Orchestral players good enough to find constant employment in the best European orchestras, aud yet with the manners ideas and conversation of ordinary private soldiers, are less com mon than formerly ; but they are still contemporary facts, and not at.all anomalous ones, except to muddle-' beaded people who inagine that every man who can play a string of notes written down by Mozart and Bach must have the heart and mind of i Mozart and Bach. 