OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Melbottbue, Saturday. “ Ac what time will you be prepared to join the school, young man?’’»iid the master of Rugby, beaming through his spectacles at youDg Theodora Hook. “ Please, sir, if agreeable I should like to join at the beginning of the vacation,” was the rather neat reply. Our legislators Bre precisely of the same opinion. ‘They meet, are sworn in and adjourn for twenty*six workless, but not screwless, days! That little adjournment will coat, with the salary of the speaker, &c;, added, abont £2400. Oh, Economy! what extravagances are committed in thy came. Of coarse we had the old wheeze, as familiar at the opening of Parlia* ment as the “ here we are again ” of clown and pantaloon at Christmas, Necessarily the Leader of the Opposi tion protested against the adjourn ment as a waste of the time of the country, and the Premier cracked of? the well worn joke that when disclosed the policy of his Government would be found to ' be so satisfactory that the ooly doubt in his mind was whether there would be any Opposition, as they would probably all be behind him supporting the Government. This is the regular stgge trick, everybody smiles softly at it and goes oat to re' lieve his mind with a long drink. The aspect of the Hoase has won' derfully changed, not only do members seem to be for the most part ashamed to admit that they had anything to do with the late Ministry, bat so many well known faces hare been swept away that the House is in one sense the newest I have ever seen. Where have they gone, those missed, familar faces? Answer to your- names, please gentlemen. Dunn, the versatile, chatty, lively intriguer, gone. Barton, the sickly but effective when he had got up his speech aright, and who always appeared to be travelling around with the prospective portfolio of Post-* master General under his arm, gone. Bent—0, Tommy B—at last you are not even “ in it,” aud you will have to behold the mace, 0/ horrible thought, not from the Speaker’s chair but from the Speaker’s gallery. And Chinese Gordon, too, 0 where are thou? Shall we at last have release from Opium Bills? What pale ghost is this, Bichard Bichardsoo, farmer, ex* Minister of Bailways, O you will turn op again. And next 1 miss from the the old back Ministerial bench another pleasant, honest, manly face, that of W. F. Tatchol!; peace be to thee, poor soul, thy political life was brief and has ended. And the sturdy but ub* grammatical Methven who always shock his pointed finger tip from the corner wo see him no more the thick black beard has to to give place to a youog gentleman, whose faoe is ionoomt of the down of an incipient moustache. M’Greigo? Clark, the laureate ot the House, where be thy poems now? and An* drews and Hopkins for Geelong are replaced by a clever gentleman who stutters a bit, and another who, at Jeast, will not neutralise the pivotal influence. The Armytages and the Chirnsides are so intimately associated, so much like the Antipholii in the comedy of “Errors,” that whether a Chimside replaces an Armytage or an Armytage a Chimside, very little matters, Murray Smith, now White —his hair was jet black when be was last in the House—has taken the plspa of Charlie Taylor and will give a good acconot of himself, bnt, alas 1 the next two faces pan -ill be spared, for they are ' those of Waiter Madfien and Joseph Y. Bosisto. B«*t ye good friends and faithful workers, the day for the first of'yon may dawn again. Richard Baker is the next cry and the answer missing is returned, bfow could Lomu part with its Baker ? No' wonder -there was a thunderstorm in the Western District on the night of the election. What next? An As sembly, without the mercurial doctor, who hag been the light and life of it for 37 years. No wonder that all the old hands were asking “ Don’t you feel well ?’■ It is said there .will be a time in the future that the Assembly will hare hut one name, and that will be Isaacs JPere and Bogong Isaacs aud OrenB Isaacs, aud all the other little Isaacs, as they are successively born, will take as naturally to Parliament as a duckling -to water. But until that happy time arrives that we are ruled (entirely by Isaacs, we shall have to .content ourselves with having bnt two Isaacs in the House and; one in the gallery. • Mr. Isaacs No. 2 need >«v».vu vvuaiu«r*u Terj nmoitious it ne seeks to excel the previous representa tive of the Ovens, hut I notice that he ; does not sit behind his brother, but in the corner which looks ontnious of a . future " scrap " on the floor, after that brotherly manner which is charactei rislic of youth when it first commences to--,construct shanghais. The good friendly face and tho rousing voice of G./Xj. Forrest are greatly missed,: and Sir 'Bryan is out again this time, probably for an indefinite period, for ’■ his-habit of putting all the letters from his constituents into his pocket and there leaving them unopened, has . somewhat alienated their affections. A. .labor man has caught Port Mel .bourne Salmon and turned him over, and another old identity of the reform days, E. J. Dixon, knows his place no . morev Sorry to lose you, Mr. Bailes, f t » f ot .tboDgVi yon nevor did much in the House, you were companionable in the refreshment room, and should tbs teetotallers assault the publicans’ ranks, once more .in the Assembly your stout shield will be badly wanted. Joseph Harris is a great loss, for though he did not speak much, he was a sensible, shrewd, business like maD in committee work, and always exerted that steadying influence so useful when there are a number of of new members raw, untrained levies present. Let ■ welcome be given to ChiDaman ' fieid, so called because be used in olden 'days to employ a Celestial gar dener, and to clear headed Bowser of ‘Wangaratta. field, as a lobbyist, Bowser as a levelheaded thinker, will prove more nseful than the men tbey have replaced. But Parliament having met, yon will, I anppose, expect me to give you some idea of how it will shape in the future. This is no easy task, for the House ii in the hands of the labor party. Although it does not sit with that apparent strength -that labor party can on a division on questions affecting labor interests count on 23 votes certain, I can vouch personally for the opinions of every man of the 23\. How this is a solid wedge which has never been driven home to the heart of the Assembly before. If the labor party wore under the control of tbeir old leaders, Messrs. Hancock and Trenwitb, they wou'd boggle and blunder and lose their opportunity, as they did in 1890 when they almost had the colony at tbeir mercy. But they have been reinforced by a most astute politician win knows pretty well everything worth learning in the Parliamentary game, and if his former mental power Bnrvived the decline of physical health, is quite able yet to put a new face upon political action. Of course I allude to Colonel Smith, the man wbo—next to Mr. Poster—was the .csubo . ofc tto . ' downfall of the Patterson administra lion. StraDge are the antagonisms that arise in politics, for once the colonel—then the major—and J.B-P. ■at side by Bide and worked io the same Ministry- If the colonel means mischief 1 think be will take the situ ation very shortly in band. Apart from that almost anything may happen. The ominous word coalition 18 already whispered, and that would mean more serious trouble in the future. One thing is certain, the fact that the Honse sits apparently as 2 to 1 1 has nothing to do with the real position. The direct Opposition will i have little effect, hut the corners will control all business unless their union can he blocked, and I don’t think it ‘ can. The support of the Government is weak, frail -and flabby. Even Mr. ( Bhiels has gone into the corner to contest with the colonel for the | leadership of the party of the future. We are about to enter upon a fighting session in which poor ' Mr. Turner, who is utterly unfit for this sort of work, and who has been , driven np to the bars against his will, will fiud himself utterly lost. Unless his colleagues can help him, or his programme proves singularly attrac tive, 1 don't tbiok the Turner Admis tration will live nntil Christmas. But alas for poor Victoria all the time. She alone suffers. One party after the other successively ‘ gain the spoils, ' while we drift backward. At the present moment, unless the debate on the Address in fioply is concluded in a day and a half—a thing almost impossible—there will not be a penny available to pay the October accounts The late Government constructed railways in anticipation of the authori sation of Parliament to furnish means of employment. Those still remain unauthorised.' W* are fast drifting into the illegalities of: the South BO' doing' losing- touch with the methodical movements of the race from which we have sprung, Yon will remember that felicitous expression of Edgar Allan Poe, in “The Bells they are Ghouls.” It teemed to me fto-day, when I took up the Trade Journal of the under takers, which has only recently been issued, that the epithet has some justification. The light aBd airy man. ner in .which contributors to thiB Mper-rtho-third number of which issued this week is before me—dis course of death and itB trappings is quite comforting. Its columns read like those of a fashion journal, and it is most interesting to read of the nice discriminate between the vehicular, private, and hired, that follow the ‘ corpse. Most cheering to the public tq learn that business is so slack with undertaking fraternity that they have to adopt such devices as after taking a corpse to one cemetery, to solemnly proceed empty to another simply as an « “ ad.” ■ -That the trade which bestows on humanity posthumous honors should be so dull as this is excellent news for the public, and encourages nB in the belief that we have become so poor that we find it necessary to walk to our’graves in a cheaply purchased winding-sheet and lie down comfort, ably .without giving the ‘‘ profession ” go;^ tronble. Toots ie a strange advertisement in a Sydney paper— “Why iwaut to lire wbpn you can be buried so cheaply,” and so on. And we feel almost inclined to concnr with this when we read each tempting in ducements to shuffle off our mortal coil aa the following —“ An adult funeral for £4 10s consists of a sub stantial cloth covered, folly trimmed— inside and outside—coffin, and use of splendid pair horse hearse, glass .or plain, and also a mourning coach and pair with the driver, and an efficient and gentlemanly conductor, A child’s funeral, 30s, consists of a blue and silver coffin, complete with mourning coach, pair of horses and assistant, N.B. — No one horse funerals.” Q-entlemanly conductor, as .' old Polonius would say, is good, very good. _. 