On the same afternoon as the Mayor explained to the Council the latest regulation adopted by the Railway Department in the interest of revenue, a deputation from the Harbor Trust was receiving cold comfort from the Commissioner of Customs regarding the shipping facilities of the port. The Mayor was stating that the charge of one shilling per bale levied on wool conveyed by lighters to the bay piers is simply prohibitory. This is what the Railway Commissioners intended; but they expected that prohibitive charges would compel the use of the railway. That expectation has not, however, been realised; since lighters may not come to the ships, the ships often go to the lighters, with the result that the department is really losing instead of gaining by its regulation. This has already been pointed out to the Railway Commissioners by the member for the district, and they have promised to give further attention to it. The interview between the Harbor Trust and Mr Best was of a kindred nature. The Commissioner, in point of fact, told the Harbor Trust Com missioners that they are impeached by the Chamber of Commerce. That body charges the Harbor Trust with driving trade to Sydney, and if the remarks made by Mr Best at the interview may be taken as indicating his mind on the matter, he is strongly of opinion that there is something in the charge. He told the Commissioners they were accused of the following specific things and would like to hear their defence— 1\. Cbargiug 5s. per tou wharfage, as against Is. Sd. per ton wharfage in Sydney. 2\. Higher freights were consequently charged to Melbourne than to Sydney. 3\. Sydney gave iucreased facilities to shipping. 4\. A charge of Is. per ton for stacking, which is not made in Sydney. All that the Harbor Trust Commis sioners had to say in reply was to acknowledge that they had used a lot of money, and to cry out like Oliver Twist for “ more." They requested the Government to absolutely surrender its wharfage revenue to them. In return they undertook to abolish wharfage rates on goods exported from the Melbourne piers only. The wharfage rates at the Williamstown and Port Melbourne piers would be main tained. This is probably the coolest thing the Harbor Trust has ever attempted during the whole course of its existence. It found the bay piers in operation when it was incorporated and now after an outlay of four millions it lias to offer a premium to ships to go up the river, and is confronted with an angry Commissioner on the one hand, who is asked to hand over about 4*30,000 a year, to satisfy the Chamber of Commerce. What this district should do in the circumstances is clear. I Williamstown is anxious to secure a total abolition of the trammels which the Harbor Trust is piling upon the shipping. If wharfage rates were abolished at the Williamstown Railway Piers—as advocated in the Advertiser more than twelve months ago—no loss , of revenue whatever would be entailed, whilst an acceptable increase of railway traffic would take place. If free wharfage in the river is good, the same must be the case in the bay, and can not in justice or reason be refused. The one-sidedness of the Harbor Trust is so apparent that the Commis sioner of Customs may think that if ships cannot be induced to load in the river unless the bay piers be handi capped in this way, things had better remain as they are, or else be taken completely out of the hands of the Harbor Trust. But, if instead of offering free wharfage in the city, it be offered at the bay piers, the demands of the merchants will be satisfied without any sacrifice of revenue, but with a manifest gain to the Railway Depart ment. That is the course that ought to be adopted, and we hope that its advantages will be brought under the notice of the Minister. The Chronicle of Saturday last lias a ( sub-leader on the iniquity of the Labor ( party and swallows some of the silliest I things the Argus has said on the matter with the avidity and voracity of a pike. One of the Labor members ( is alleged to have., said—but proofs are ‘ .not given for* the■iunScicnt .reMon.that-.: j they do not exist—that the public creditor must not be paid. How such contemptible slanders should be pub- ! lished in the face of the votes the party are giving every day on the Taxation proposals—as the published divisions in the daily papers show— passes comprehension and shows what a bogie the Labor party is in the affrighted imagination of those who are either too lazy or two stupid to see facts that arc patent to everybody else. Repudiation is not advocated more strongly in any quarter than in the conservative quarter at present. The big landowners and the Argus fought their utmost against the Land Tax, and the Argus this week lias nothing but sneers to oiler at the efforts of the Assembly to reduce the estimates for the current year’s expenditure. More over, the Argus opposed the ten per cent Frcetradc tax and the Income Tax of the late Government with might and main. If this is not actual repudi ation, it amounts to the same thing : for the deficiencies have accumulated solely because taxation has been so far successfully opposed ; and it would be still further delayed if the Conser vatives had their way. Yet the iirm, united and patriotic, stand taken by the Labor party in carrying the taxation required to pay the public creditor, excites no greater admiration in the democratic (?) heart of the Chronicle than the following—“ The way out of our difficulties is for England to revoke our Constitution and send out a Governor with arbitrary powers and three regiments of soldiers to back him.” Comment on such miserable stuff is needless. To begin with, “ three regiments of soldiers,’” with the Chronicle thrown in, would have a poor show against the democracy of Victoria. It is therefore unnecessary to discuss the Chronicle's scheme for upsetting constitutional Government in this colony. And there is also the fear that when the “ three regiments of . aolJtorc fL. - ll\o - OUtmQOOUO falsehood heaped upon the Labor party and the enormous personal interests at stake by so many of the Opposition, they would turn sharply round on the Chronicle and its follow ing, if it lias any, and triumphantly carry them off to China, or some equally enlightened place, as unique trophies of war and shoddy speci mens of the Victorian Tory. The Labor party, Williainstown branch, has appointed the Advertiser its official organ as a public recognition of the fact that this journal has been consistent in its policy and has done its utmost to expose any departure from liberal principles on the part of spurious representatives of the Liberal policy. The league has by resolution affirmed its approval of this course in the public interest and as a means of enabling the democracy of this electorate to distinguish between out spoken journalism, prepared to stand or fall by its convictions, as opposed to that miser able species of time serving and two faced ncss which is the peculiar characteristic of the liyuocritieal parasite. Mention was made in the Advertiser a fortnight ago that Mr Vecht, a German pork merchant, proposes introducing the pork iudustry iuto Victoria. His first shipment, consisting of about 100 pigs of about 70 lbs. each, will be despatched early next week in the ship Maori King, together with a quantity of frozen poultry, lambs, and rabbits. The question of a site for his pork iudustry lias not yet been decided. The Ross Freehold Coal Company was very anxious some time ago to secure a pump capable of coping with the water encountered in its shaft, and was not altogether successful iu its efforts. A pump which has been nsed by the sewerage con tractor on the Fisherman’s Bend has encountered an inflow of one foot in five minutes, and is spoken very' highly of by experts, it is by Evans and Tonkins, and several engines by the same makers are being sold now as low prices, as they are no longer required. The Altona Bay Com pany is erecting portable wiuding machinery, capable of hauling 600 or 700 feet. The shaft is twelve by five. The diamond drill is still boring at the Newport Company’s After our report closed last week, the issue of electors’ rights increased consider ably. . The electoral registrar,'Mr U. F.' Smith, was engaged until half past ten on Friday evening, and until the same hour on Saturday evening issuing them. The result was that the total of new rights issued has been increased to 134. There were previously 3S4 on the roll, so that the number now stands atolG. The details are as follows : — New rights—Centre, 45; South, 23; Victoria, 17\. Previously on the roll—Centre, 1*24; South, 70 ; North, 147 ; aud Victoria, 32. The secretary of the Williainstown Hospital desires to acknowledge the receipt of the following amounts during the month of November, viz:—Baptist Church, £3 10s; St. Marks Church, 10s ; St. Marks Sunday School 9s ; employes of Alfred Woollen Mills, £2; Presbyterian Church, £9 13s 4d; LoyalGellibrand Lodge, M.U.I.O.O.F, £1 la; a friend, 2s Gd; proceeds of bazaar at Grammar School, £10 3s Id ; employes of Railway Workshops, £23 Ss Gd ; collected by Miss MaeDonnell, £3 ; employes of J. H. Hooper and Co., £1 1s ; Capt. Fearon, £1 ; Loyal Philanthropic Lodge, I.O.O.F., £1 Is; lJr. Bryant, £1 ; employes of Australian Forge and Engineering Company, £5 Is 9d : Congregational Church, £8 8s ; North Presbyterian Church, £4 4s 3d : Choral Service of United Friendly Societies, £10 ; children’s buzaar, 7s ; Ml* W. Holmes, £1 ; also a quantity of eggs from Mrs Godwin, and some old linen from Mrs Captain Lawrence. The annual report of the Rev. William Ganley, diocesan inspector of Catholic Schools, has been published, aud shows that St. Mary’s school, Williainstown, has been raised to the first class. After the present head teacher, Mr O’Byrne, had had charge for a year, the school was advanced to the third class; the next year it reached the second class; aud this year, as stated, it is in the first class. The attendance mean while has also increased steadily. The Rev. E. Handel Jones lias arranged with the Rev. Joseph King, ex- missionary of Samoa, to deliver a lecture on his missionary* labors in the Pacific on Wednesday evening next, at the Congregational Church. Couucillor Challis induced the Couucil on Tuesday afternoon to write to the Commis sioner of Customs requesting that the i Graving Dock be opened to the public after , vessels are docked. He mentioned tin: ease of the French inailboat, Armand Rehic, . referred to in the Advertiser last Saturday, as a ease in point; and councillors generally endorsed his views and decided to remit the suggestion to the Commissioner, together with a reminder that it was in the interest of the railway revenue that these vessels should be open to public inspection. Councillor McRobcrt suggested to his colleagues on Tuesday afternoon that the Railway Department be requested, in the interest of public safety, to provide a subway at the Reach station. He instanced as a proof of the necessity of this, a case where a nurse girl in charge of young children might have been killed the other day, but for her own presence of mind and the promptness with which driver Smith brought the train to a Standstill. The Town Surveyor, who had also witnessed the incident, stated it was due to the eutrauce of one train almost simultaneously with the departure of another, and the girl had followed the van of the departing train with tho result that the train entering the station was almost upon her as she got half way across the rads. He sug gested that the gates be worked by a lever from tho platform, enabling the station oilicials to stop traffic across tne lino during the arrival and departure of trains. Tho Council has forwarded this suggestion to the Railway Department. The tix on unimproved land values finds favor with tho Council evidently. The cir cular from tho Kchuca Shire Couucil inviting attendance at a conference to consider the tux waa'opposod by Councillor Stylos, M. 1‘.. who regarded it as an attempt to bring pressure to bear against the tax : whilst Councillor Woods described it as an un mistakable attempt to harass the Govern ment in its financial proposals. The member for the district stated the outcry against the tax was loudest from the country districts who were already let off too lightly in the matter of taxation, a sentiment which even Councillor Schutt, despite his hostility to the tax, could not forbear to cheer. The feeling of the Council was that this movement was intended to be nothing short of a demonstration against tho tax, and the Council therefore very wisely decided not to identify itself with the business in any shape At the suggestion of Councillor Styles, M.L.A., a letter has been forwarded to me admiral of the Australian station pointing out that Port Melbourne receives more than its due share of attention by the warships, and requesting that they be berthed altern ately at Williamstowu. It is stated that the accomodation at this port is at least equally good and that the public convenience would not be affected in any way. The Williainstown Cricket Chib is making spirited efforts to improve its financial position. Uulikc kindred institutions, there arc no personal expenses incurred on account of players, and tho debt was under taken on permaneut improvements, which are appreciated by the public. The amount of the indebtedness to the hank was £1250, which means exactly £100 a year in interest alone. This outlay was incurred in the expectation of receiving larger returns from football matches than have come to hand. This liability to the bank has now been reduced to £450 so far as the bank is con cerned, £S00 haviug been taken up in debentures for the purpose. The debt has thus been transferred to other shoulders, but with the difference tint the rase of interest to be paid is 5 instead of S per ceut. The iuteresb charge has been a most serious item, and absorbed all the revenue of the club. Now, however, an effort is being made by the club to attract life members, who arc offered tickets for £7 7s; five guineas entitles to honorary life member ship ; and 20s. to play cricket and tennis annually, and 2ls. cither cricket or tennis, but not both. Iu all these cases two ladies’ tickets arc given in. The membershio fee for ladies and cricket juniors under IS is half a guinea per annum. On Friday next a novelty in local enter tainments will take place in the Gynvia-duin, Pasco street, when a class of young ladies,, under Instructor Price, from tho Naciounl Gymnasium. Fast Melbourne^. will ^ /uva «• grand display of fencing, calisthenics, and musical gymnastic exercise. A similar entertainment given last Friday at the Atheiueum, Collins street, before a large audience, was described by experts as com plete in every detail, and certainly the best one of its kind ever shown in Australia. Our readers will remember that last year a display was giveu by the young men of Williamstown, and what a pleasant eveniug was spent by all on that occasion, so that it is confidently hoped that the novelty of the class of girls going through some ditiicult exercises will c mse a full house. Doors will be open at 7.30, and the entertainment will commence at S p.m. sharp. Popular prices of admission, namely, Is. and Is. 6d., will be charged. Tickets may be had from any of the committee and at several places iu Nelson place as advertUed. A sacred concert arranged by Mr W. J. T. Davies, church organist, will be held in the Presbyterian Church, Cecil street, next Wednesday evening. Tne quality of the concert may be gauged from the fact that Mrs Palmer (nee Miss Ro*a Caraudini) and Mr W. G. Parker, a popular basso, are amongst the vocalists, together with such favorite local artists as Miss Kitty Grindluy, Miss Morrell, Miss C. A. Ow«*n, Messrs Fred Smith. S. M. Davies, uud G. F. Smith. The pieces to bo rendered will comprise some of the best known compositions in sacred music. Though entertainments in connection with the South Presbyterian Church were frequent some months ago, it may be suid beforehand that the programme for next Wednesday’s concert is the richest that has been presented for some time. We note that Mr J. W. Styles, son of the member, has been appointed by His Ex cellency the Govenor-in-Council a sworn valuer for the metropolitan area, which embraces some twenty-four' municipalities. I His application for the appointment was lodged as far back as June last, but some thing blocked the way. The obstacle having, however, been removed, the appointment was recently gazetted. We congratulate Mr Styles, junior. We have previously recorded the readiness with which the Citizeus’ Life Assurance Company meet any calls upon their liabili ties, and it is with pleasure we notice another of the many instances that have occurred in Williamstown. Recently the oad death took place of one who was well known in this community and highly esteemed, Miss Stephens, of Osborne street. For some four years an assurance policy with Clio Citizens* Company on her life had been in force, requiring a small weekly premium; and on the day that the office received the proofs of death, the claim, amounting to over £36, wn3 promptly met. Mr Burrell, of 39 Elizabeth street, North Williamstown, is the local agent for the compauy. The will of William Lee Murrell, of Cole strecc, Victorian pilot, who died on the 21st September last, is dated 3rd January, 1869. The real estate is value.1 at £900 and tho personal at £3648. To his wife, Mary Ann, he leaves the whole of his estate absolutely, “ feeling fully assured of her exercise of a just and fair discretion in tho care and welfare of my children.” The sub-committee appointed by a municipal conference on which tho Mayor (Councillor Hick) is the representative of the Williamstown Council, has brought up its report, which is substantially the same as was outlined in the Advertiser some mouths ago. It recommends that the iuner circle of the municipalities be sewered first, and that each district be rated for its own service instead of striking a rate simultane ously to fall equally upon districts which arc sewered and those which are not. Wil liamstown is in the outer circle and is described iu the report as an independent system, and will therefore, if the recommen dations take elleet, he saved a considerable amount byr the change. Some alterations in the Act are also recommeuded, empowering the board to make the house connections insterd of the owners, and that the rates be collected directly by the board instead of through the municipal Couucil. The Rev. Hector Ferguson, who is a popular entertainer, is announced to deliver a dramatic recital entitled, 11 Marley’s Ghost” next Thursday evening, at tho Mechanics’ Institute, in aid of the North Williamstuwu Presbyterian Church. Mr W. Caffrey intimates that he has opened a poultry and dairy produce shop in Nelson Place, below the Pier hotel, opposite the water police station, and invites inspec tion of his show of goods. i A special meeting of the Friendly societies’ Association was held last Thursday evening to receive the report of the sub-committee ic the proposed picnic. The resolution is to be forwarded to the various lodges for au expression of opiuion as to whether it is to be a marine or railway trip. Past president A. Fowler was greatly missed from the meeting, he having retired from the association after aiuoil successful term of 15 mouths. Brn. H. Humphrey (vice president,) aud Bro. J. J. Robinson (secretary) are also out of office. The officers for the ensuing term represent the LO.O.F., A.O.F. ami G.U.O. F.G. Last year the president aud secretary were M.U. iiu-n and the vice-president are I.O.O.F. This year the M.U. men stood out to give ether lodges a turn* The Dagonet Society will pi ty “ The Village Vugubond ” at the Mechanics’ Institute on Wednesday evening next, for the benefit of the A.N.A., Cricket Club. T. F. Johnson sells by aucLiou at -.30 ou jNo. 3 Napier street instructed by Mrs Pilling ! furniture aud effects. Access from Douglas parade, opposite Fvaus, Bookseller. Mr J. J. Liston, turf and commission ageut, 125 Spencer street, intimates that he has appointed Mr Jack Ward his Williams towu representative. 