THE KIN3 OF HEARTS Bt uunix Tbhtbax. AH HISTORICAL ROMANCE PtdiK&ad; by fecial arranyemoni* with Misrrt. Ward, Lock If Bowdeit, Ltd. [iU KlOHTa BISHSYtD.] CHAPTER IV. A OAXK BIGHT'S B0SIKSSS. A tramp cttmofalog from the driving ■now behind sorae rotten hurdles, crouching there from dawn, till night fell on the London &oad;, nw all the actors in this i drama pass before him on their way down " Old Mo _ - - - to the Old Moat House in Kent—the long file ofaoldiers, a silent line moving mechanic-, ally through the grey morning light; Captain Footer, his head bent to the eaddle-bowi beneath the bitter blast, riding through; deep drifts in front of Miss Hawley'a chariot; the great state ooaeh of His Oram the Soke of Cumberland lumbering by aome boors afterwards, the snow thick on the rooi, the postilions flying whip and spur; finally, | aaevmiiag fdL -Mr Banac and Mr Browne riding furiously, their owes streaming in the wind, their hones' sides red from the rowels, a pair of. as wild horsemen as a! solitary roadside watcher ever looked upon. The tramp crouching by the aideof the London Bosd saw all these figures pass by him in the order named in the ootuse of a short winter's day. But he, did not heed them—did not oonnect them in any way with eaohbther. Why should he! He had other hiwjp to think of ; how to keep him* Self fita for one. What to him were poastfijlri ■j1!"'" '■ rich people's lives? Nothing. He just wondered where the soldiers were going to so early, thought that the last two horsemen seemed hurried, and that is all he thought about the matter. . He coiled himself roond two or three rimes like a dog; and fell asleep. And yet-few bm&n;^tn punted on one roid, to the one goal, to issues big with impending fate, more fury-haunted, more possessed. Behind the charioteer of Miss Hawlqr't carriage in particular dark care aat perched, isiuce her-famting-fit the sight before on the step of Mr* Cornely's, . Miaa Hawley bad scarcely opened her lipi. A cold terror poswmirt this girl; she shuddered at the thought' that a weak woman's agitation might havebetrsyed vital hopes. A prey in vn 3 'moment to a hundred fears, and I bitter aelfreproaches, silence was her sole solace. By iter silence sbe could at least do so farther harm. She sat so still all through the long journey Into Kent—lying back m the cornerafthe carriage, closely wrapped in herfnrx, that her jnaid, a lynx-eyed, demure deceiver, who aat opposite, more than^onee thought that her mistress most hsvelainbsd, whe lay back in the corner then soAeadlystilL Yes, deadly atoll, but with her heart beat ing wildly lew the Stranger of Bomanoe, lor the presence who had inspired her with ah ideal pasuion—a passion bars and fed only by. a picture—who for years ahe had known and worshipped only through a picture, who through ,w picture had reoqgnised her—in an instant, had - suddenly shone oafofi » eordid Jjondon crowdr like some wlwiil . knight-errant rf the part, suieldaf" berfrom a mob'a jbnrtal fury, i lnjinit .h'nr ispsliiii111ilji j11 bis arms 1 J And she sbeheAWtetyed hini'likeanmeaervons ochoolgi^Ihe vthffljight maddened her. He migfatr:Wow-'ber at the very moment, as luxuT^n frieadlem captive in the hands of implaoable enemies. Ah, nol the .very thoughtwaa too cruel far haamn to permit it. A giH's prayers must go. for something —euoh abaminstinaa could, not ht. JNo doubt, in spite of her vile, criminal weak* neat, the ebjoetbf her adoration had passed wiihbttt notice—had left England, had e*lS^HaWley closed her eyes, half Com farted. ** Law, mist, look ; there's a soldier." Sheas words were spoken in n]jpr tonea by Mil»ffnriw's maid,. bat no -doom thundered by Sybil ever M aon fetelly on hearer's ear*. Mis* Hurley ewe from her seat as if electrified, end- looked oat. Yea, attreenongh,there stood one ofthe redcoat*, whim7uo^taiii^tfnotB had led thisypung' lady, to lpok upanaa accursed, smekugjhis. pipe quietly in front of a tavern-door. the carriage was at this moment passing through a village within amilaeftlMMoat3Loase.~ Miss Hawley palled the check-string for the coachman to atop. A servant alighted fawn the box, aadaakedifMiss wanted anything. "Goiuto that bouse," said Miss Mawley, "and ask a soldier yon will find inside what he is doing then." The man departed, after staring a little. Presently be retarded and said— " Tnere is no soldier, there, miss." *' Where is Captain Foster ? Tell Captain Foster 1 want to epsdc to him." Bat Captain Faster had ridden on to the Moat HotMe to adrertiae their arrival. Miss Hawley was now deadly pale. •• Open .the door," she said calmly, "! vrish.toget<ont." - The man mattered something mboat the anow being deep, end the maid burned her mistress not to' catch her death of .bold. Before they faad eitherdf themjtime, how ever, to take any turner prohibitory measures, their mistress had leapt from the carriage,^ homed throughi the deep enow, autd presented herself suddenly in the midst wf a circle- of boors, who eat drinking and smoking in the tap-room of the public house. She stood there far m moment sobreath leas with her excitement and dm suddenness of the acton that she was unable to speak, ete looked like. some whito appantion suddenly fallen upon this circle of sin. The circle ofsm, having recovered themselves, recognised her, and rose bowing. " tVhv do you tell my servant that there is bo soldier hare f she said. The oirols of ma ,with one aooord said again that there was no soldier there. Miss Hawley stamped her foot; it was a eharac ierutic action** here. "How MDyontdl<«Bdi wicked stories?" ■he said. "I«* the man enterthe.door With my own eyes." Xa.3 .circle of sin with-one accord odd again that tberewaano soldier, there, - Miss Jj'awlcy now asked for the landlord. She was t**d he was oat. She.then sekedfor his She was - told that tie daaghta^^Mtwt too. Than Miss Hawley, addressing fitu of the circle, of nsly .fait name, Joo t?obh«, asked how he dared to tnat^iB^^'dugnmU inaaiiw^ And; Joe Hobhe,- fomiS**piy« bogged hi* humble duty; Said he m>ant no offence—didn't" Jtnow how he offwdtalo There., was, ao eoldier in the house. AiN then deep quiet fell upon theseolders. Miss Hawkydarted .aglatfoe .of violent indignation at the assembly of jilcact left the roonyj«d went tack to her cwage, j and gave the order, "Home." AstheTwntrdoftbntlepartingwheel* died •way, each elderput a pipe into his montn,, and/ : * 1 —L--* Xhemsn wiped bisforehead, said that he had had a narrow squeak, swore the elders to secrecy, and taring armed himself with * kettle of brandy, rejoined Jail companions, who were resting in » sequesteredkmrn. . • Miss Hawley s heart., msanwi^e.-hnnied within her. What was this wretches red* .coat doing within • mileof her father's house i Why had the man diaappmredso •aJdenly ? Ah; he was afraid of being aeett. There was some secret trap prenured dor somebody. The man had no donbt joined hidden companions. Treachery was -in theme. JCreschery against.whom? Misa^Hataey felt chilled—wild fears (passed tnminltuousJy throagh her brain. Presently the stopping of the cosoh told ber that she was at .home. Now she would have sut opportunityof ooUacting her thonghts in (jsiet. Quiet was what she wanted, She alighted, taking Captain Foster's hand mechanically, not deeming to cecrauiaethe •ppeshng?..look.in ihis «yes, or the hsad pressnre which sought to detain her. She broke from him, harried aps winding ai^doomy^Jwridor,4oCkwi 'lntsl»w'yooitt.Jtwas a high-backed chain, a tBiall canopied bed in one corner showed ghost-like in the flickering firelight. A window overlooked the moat. In the gloom of the winter's evening which had closed in, the moat looked mysterious, wicked, deadly. The girl let her eyee rest on it for a minute, then drew the curtains close with a shodder. With trembling hands she unlocked her jewel-case and drew cut a richly-chased casket. She kissed the case psssionately, and then opened it with a cry of delight, and gased rapt. at a beautiful miniature hand somely set in diamonds. The miniature repre sented the hero of the episode outside airs Cornely's, the distinguished stranger whom Mr Barsac had described as Browne, mid as it represented Mr Browne in the full costume of a Highland chieftain, wearing his own fair hair falling. in rich etuis to the shoulders, it showed a resemblance nothing short of striking between him and Captain .Foster. Then Miss Hawley fell upon her knees and prayed. She prayed long, wildly, for the sake of the man - whose portrait she held to her heart—that safety which some strange, vivid woman's instinct, throbbing within her, told her she had endangered. She prayed that he might escape out of his enemy's h aside. ont of the hands of the wicked, Mood thirsty wretches who had hunted him down in times past (and here Miss Hawley, with a shudder, pnt a little prayer for forgiveness for her father), out of the hands of the wicked, who stall panted for that precious blood. And as she prayed, Mr Barsac and the subject of her prayer, riding wildly through deep snowdrifts, draw nearer and nearer on the London Road, and a magnificent travell ing-coach drawn by four horses entered the avenue leading down to the house; and after the magnificent coach, and unseen hy its occupant, oame, marching silently into the avenue, half a regiment of soldiers.. They spread out right and left of the road ; they lined the wood on each side; they drew a thin, red, cruel line round the Moat House itself, and, lying hidden, waited. And still the girl, kneeling in the gloom of the dimly-lighted room, prayed passion ately, .in an ecstasy of rapt self-abandon ment, in a messed unconsciousness of the fatalities thst were mastering oat there in the wild night—prsyed the seme burning, simple prayers ovsrand over egsia—prsyed with s faith that should have moved mountains, thst the ■ stranger might esoape out of the hands of the wicked who panted for his blood. Suddenly, as if in answer to this prayer, confused noises interrupted it. Carriage wheels grinding over loose stones, the open ing wide of creaking doors, orders shouted, harrying -steps, the -many-voiced hubbub which heralds the advent of a distinguished guest ; and theu, after a eilence, a heavy, solitary tread on a stone floor—a tread which had aomething pitiless in It It waa the Dukeof Cnmberland. i An hour afterwards the large bdl of the ! Moat House ringing for dinner fall upon tbe ears of two travellers, as they rods fiercely up to thedoor of the email village inn. Hie first of thee* two men called loudly for the ostler, the other sat motionless in his saddle, sombre, his hat pulled over his brows,-his head sunkapon his chest; he looked speetre like Been thus, through the steam rising from his heaving horse. - The -first of these men, who was Mr Barsac, .dismounted, and gave his horse to theostlsr. " We are.for the Moat House," ha said ; " ws leave oar horses here." The man said that they were wise not to risk a ride down a {rosea precipice in pitch darkness. He then,approached the other's horse and laidholdof the rein. But the rider, riposting thickly, told him with a curse to standoff. "Why, MrBrowne," said Mr Barsao, "we dismount here, if It please yon. The dement totheMoatHoaseisaosteep, tbe road so'slippery, the night so dark." " That I purpose riding back to London." With one of those curiously alert move ments of bis, Mr Bairsac caught the bridle of foe speaker's hone just as his rider turned him suddenly to carry out this nadn, "13ir," he said, speaking nervously and Tapidly "'tis impossible for me to believe from what I have seen of you that you can really meditate each an act of discourtesy." '' Discourtesy, sir 1 And in what, pray, does the disoonrtosy lie ? I am notexpeoted atypor MoatBouse,'' "No,sir; bat you hsveprevailed upon me to introduce yon as an uninvited, visitor. Yoa hare caased me a torn ride in bitter weather. I hare performed my part faith fully at probable injnry tojny health. 'Tii not agreeable to see inch labour wasted for a whim, if yoa will exoase the speech." And Mr Bursa©- bowed hia reproachful courtesy,- Wounded self-esteem was in his tones; bat he kept a feverish grip of the stranger's bridle. The stranger seemed toothed. ■" Whims govern me, sir," he said, and he laaghed a little srildly.;: tlmn threw himself off. hia -home rather than dismounted. "Show me where the lady lives, air:" " If the gentleman means. Miss Hawley," began the ostler. MrBrowne gave a great start. "Hawley 1" he exclaimed, turning,pale. "Oriey, Oriey," ssid<Mr Bareac,-witb a soft impetuosity. " These niatiea never spare themselves an 1L" And then be tamed sndwithered the oatler with a look. This look of Mr Bamao'a yasgimply devilish. "Oriey," aaid Mr Browne. "Oriey! Hawley f GodJ what an extraordinary thing 1" . Thenthiakly to the -ostler retiring with .the twp horses, "Ho 1 there, yon, sir! Send me ont oome brandy, d'ye hear ? Pah ! —the very name's mention makes me, as it were, faint." : " Ah,; unpleasant recollection associated with it, sir ?" said Mr Borssc. '"An infernal one, air. Where is this brandy!" ' It oanin in a moment.or two ; brought in by as trapping, roay-aheeked barmaid, who eyed Mr Browne admiringly, and asked whether he would not take, it inside, out of the cold. MrBrowne, with great gallantry, tonobed.the girl onder the chin and said, " No, thanks, pretty one." Then he took a good draught, and gave fbegiriacroira to buy .herself some ribbons with. "Pieel better,air,"he said to Mr Iters ac, who hud watched this interlude with smiling face. "Shall wsproeeod?" " At your pleasure.- Thank yon, -brandy,. I will just borrow a lantern from the jieoide pf the> house here, and their we ■hall be quite prepared.'* After ft minute or two, Mr'Bamo re tained, carrying s large lantern in hii hand. This lanterp waa not acquired by. Mr Batsac for the parooeecfshowinga road which he knew perfectly; bnt for the purpose of showing Mr Browne perfectlyto his captors,. who did hot know him. The two men passed away together into the night, MrrBarsac walking quite close to Mr Browne, whom movement* were a trifle unsteady, pressed him to put his arm in his, and trait entirely to bis-guidance; but the stranger refused this proffer irritably; ex plained that he was a mountaineer; that, compared with his ..fast, experiences, the «aad showed no difficulty. So they walked on through the deep snow side by side. In the middle of an abrupt descent Mr -Barsac pansed. He pointed- with a hand which trembled slightly to sin entrance gate on the left. This gate was fcbemonth of the trap. The -woods beyond it .swarmed with soldiers. "This is our way, sir." Mr Barssc's voice trembled like his hand as he epoke. "And as oar way runs now through deep woodlands, it is well that I am come pre pared." " 'Tis a strangely out-of-the-way place, sorely, that yon an leading me to," said Mr Browne. fit is an out-of-the-wsy place," said Mr Bsrsac. He langhed unpleasantly, and led the way into the wood, preceding Mr Browne, and throwing the light of hie lantern neither on the tight nor the left, but very .carefully straight on to the road in front of him. The track pltuged down now, almost pre cipitously, through -dense coverts, whiuh had been allowed for yean to run riot— gnarled boughs of oaks twisted themselves overhead—the darkness was impenetrable. Mr Bftrsac, walking cautiously in front of bis Tfctiis, ftfiMtMTlp tut tip hot hrwth of the ambuscade strike his face on either aide. Arrived at a certain bend in the road, in the very densest part of the plantation, Mr Baraac enddenly tuned, and flashed his lantern full on Mr Browne's face. "Take care here, sir," he said, "or yon will falL" The • action was instantaneous. Bat in that instant the eyea -of the ambuscade devoured their victim. Fifty soldiers lying on each aide of the path eaw this man's face revealed to them with an instantaneous vividness with which they had never- seen face revealed Before. The dark cuds, the handsome volnptnouB features, the melan choly expression, the pose of the hesd flared: enddenly upon them—a light oat of dark ness. There could be no mistake in the future on the part of these men. For the identity, was. unmistakable. It was an. eternal photograph. The gate at.the top of the wood, which Mr Baraac and Mr Browne had left open, clanged behind them. Mr Barsac turned his lantern from Mr Browne's face, directed it to the path in front of him; once more recommenoed the deaoent. Suddenly he felt the cold muzzle of a pistol pressed against the nape of his neok. j He was seized in a grasp of iron, and a voice ' said quietly in his ear— * Tell me why yon flashed that lantern on my face, sir, or I trill blow your brains out." The ornel fear of death seized Mr Barsac —for a moment paralysed tongue, limbs, brain itself. He lived a whole life in an instant. Then in the very jaws of destruc tion his instantaneous insight into the situa tion returned to him. In a moment saw what was to be done. He feigned a slip, iellnpon the lantern, extinguished it, broke it to atoms. " Nov be will not be able to see them, he said to himself. As the very words were on his lips, and as if to give them the lie, the moon burst through the clonds. It flooded every cranny of the wood with mystic radiant light. It revealed the old Moat Boose lying immedi ately. at their feet, with snoh surprising vividness that Mr Browne's eyes remained fastened on it, as if it had risen from the ground an enchanted palace. It revealed also a redcoat half-hiaden behind an oak tree. It was but for an instant that this burst of moonlight fell; then all was dark ness again. There was a moment's silence. Mr Bsrsao rose-from the ground. He thoaght the stranger had not seen. " Yon are mad, air, surely," he said. And the voice of Mr Browne made answer in the darkness in tones more melancholy, more fateful - than Mr Barsac had ever noticed in it before. " Lsadon.sir . . » Lead on!" There were fonr people seated, at this moment, round the dinner-table in the great hall of the Moat Honse. Two these, Captain Foster and Miss Hawley, sat silent, eating little, ..drinking nothing, eyeing each other now' said again furtively, palpably ~ ted espeoi oppressed. Captain Foster seemed especi ally under the influence of some disturbing secret. v At the slightest sound outside he started, looked at the window, looked at the door, then looked at Miss Hawley. There was misery, in this look. There was also pity in it. At the third or fourth start of this kind which the Captain made, the other two diners noticed his agitation. , "Hang it, sir, sit still, will yon? said one of them, a lean, wolfish-looking old man, who sat at the head of the table. " Gad, this boy starts as if he expected a dun," said the other, a burly, butcherly looking gentleman, who. sat under a sort of eanopy of state at the other. The first of these speakers was General Henry Hawley. who had commanded under the Duke of Cumberland at Colloden. The second was the Duke of Cumberland himself. \- General Hawley was a man of abont fifty. Bnt he waa bent m the back, grizzled. His gaunt face, long almost as a wolfs, was drawn a little down on one side. It was a mask merely — lined with age and pain, already half paralysed. This man who, in earlier days, had ordered his victims to be hang np in front of his parlor windows to help him digest his breakfast, seemed to feel in nil lonely retirement the aid of some inch digestive. General Hawley's food had long ceased to nourish him. He was a living skeleton, who lived on liquids. For months no solid food had passed his lips. To-night, however, in honor of his distinguished visitor, he made from time to time a ghastly pretence at eating. This attempted gonr maadise was horrible. General Hawley's distinguished visitor, though he was at this time but forty- one years of age, suffered like General Hawley himself from a premature decrepitude—bnt years of excess bad-branded-him in a different way. A deplorable obesity weighed him down. Backed with gont, his swollen bloated face, his huge unwieldy form, his blood-shot eyes, were signs enongh that he preferred the torments of disease to the tedium. of regal&r; diet. Always an in temperate liver, the Dnke of Cumberland bad to-night eaten and drunken beyond even his ordinary fill. He leaned heavily back in his ann-chair, breathing stertoronsly. The hues of apoplexy appeared npon his brow, bnt his blood-shot eyes remained still fixed on the bottle. Miss Hawley, sitting like a wood nymph between a lean and a bloated satyr, had several times risen to leave the table (it was evident that an orgie was about to set in), bat each time her father, rousing himself from his gorged reverie, had told her to sit down. Suddenly there was a load knock at the outer door. There was something ominous in this knock. Captain, Foster started. He intercepted a look of inquiry from Miss Hawley, who turned pale. The'Duke of Cumberland raised lus black eyes slowly from the bottle. "A visitor, Hawley," he said. " No doubt the one the Captain has been expecting." " No visitor enters the Moat House to night," said General Hawley. His daughter now interposed. "Think, sir," she said, "this may be some poor traveller who has lost himself in the snow." " Then the poor traveller may rot in the .snow, miss." The Duke of Cumberland, still supine ander the canopied chair, emitted an amused gargle. The brutality tickled him—re. minded him of better days. While he was still gargling, a servant, entered with a letter.. He gave this to General Hawley, with a grovelling subservience which this muter exacted from his household. The/General first glanced at the signature. This seen, he reed the letter attentively. Then sat up in hie chair and read it again. It evidently surprised him. The letter ran thus:—" My General Hawley, I am here on State affairs this night, with one who little knows into whose house he is coming, or that he is my prisoner. To prevent"un necessary violence, be pleased to suppress your famous name, as also that of your distinguished guest.—Yours to command, Babsac." General Hawley folded the letter. « Mr Barsac is without on State business," ha lull Miss Hawley gave a great start: she gasped, " State business !" Her father looked at her keenly. "Yes, miss, State business — and therefore no business of yours." Then, turning to the Duke, " If it please yonr Highness, we will see this Barsac. He is a known and trusted agent, and he brings a stranger with him." Miss Hawley rose at the word " stranger," as if she had been shot. All her unformed fears of the last twelve hours stirred into sudden life. She made a sudden motion to leave the room. "Sit down, miss," said the General. Then the girl obeyed the order: General Hawley once more turned to his guest—" Is it your Highness's pleasure that we have this fellow in 1" he asked. His HighnesB gave his permission by a nod and a grant. At the same time, he desired that ceremony might be sent to the deuce, and reached out a gouty hand for the bottle. "Show Mr Barsao and the stranger in," said the General. The servant departed. There was a pause—broken only by the gurgling sound "f wine rushing down a Royal throat, the servant's quick tread boron the courtyard, the unbarring of the puter door* Purity *hw pause, which I seemed to her to last hoars, Miss Hawley kept her eyes fixed on Captain Foster's face. She saw her lover change colour—grow as white as a sheet—for the first time that night, poor ont a bumper with a trembling hand and drink desperately. "Captain Foster," she said, looking at him sb if she would read his very soul, " you know this stranger, I think." "So do you, msdsme," cried Captain Foster, .throwing his glass on the table and starting from his chair. " What!" cried the .General, taming a terrible look on his daughter, as she stood transfixed with terror, holding her hands on her heart. " What 11" "Hush l" said the Duke of Cumberland, with something of an aroused interest. "Your stranger is here." And slow foot steps sounded on the. stone hall. * She knew them in an instant—in one wild moment divined what was coming—sounded the whole horror of the situation to its very depths. This girl lived a whole lifetime in this' tremendous iuterval. But at the close of it she had made np her. mind what she Bhe would do. There should be no recognition this time. ■ A second after she was face to face with him again. He came from behind a higu screen, which had been placed against the door, paused gracefully, made a slight inclination to the people seated at the table. He Was very pale, his dress was in disarray, his crumpled linen still bore the signs of Mr Barsac's late despairing olnteh, but he looked the chivalrous gentleman that he was, standing there, as motionless as a picture, with Mr Barsac's evil face peering oyer his shoulder. "I have loat my way, I fear, sir," he said, in hia low melancholy voice, "and intrude where I have no business. This gentleman, however,, who rides with me, telle tne that he is known to yon, and has prevailed upon me to throw myself on your hospitality for a night's shelter," He looked at the Duke of Cumberland as he spoke, supposing him, from his seat under the canopy, to be the master of the honge. The Duke, after eyeing him in- | differently, pointed to General Hawley,.. j " Yon are welcome, sir," said the General. "Will it please yon to sit down. My1 daughter — Captain Foster. Yon are acquainted with both already ? " •• No, sir," said the atranger. He sat down by Miss Hawley's side with such an easy, unembarrassed air, that Mr Barsac even, atill standing at the back, an amused spectator of the scene, eyed him with amazement, almost with admiration. It would have been impossible for any one to have enppoeed for a minute that the two had ever met, and eeen each other before. Bat it wonld not have been so impossible had Mr Barsac been gifted with second sight, had he been able, to see, to feel the wild hand- clasp : eloquent of sympathy, caution, love, despair, with whioh the pale, unmoved girl greeted Mr Browne under the table. Gestures are some times eloquent. This hand-clasp told Mr - Browne all. A charming smile played on his lips. He bowed his head slightly, in mute recognition, then looked up and saw General Hawley's filmy eyes fixed on him—fixed upon him un certainly—m a curious prolonged stare. "Yon were, fortunate, Mr Browne," said he, seating himself, " in riding with- one so well acquainted as is Mr Barsac with these inhospitable parts. . Without Mr Barsso's guidance yon would -hardly have found ahelter." "Hardly, sir, I believe. But I do not see the gentleman. He has not left as, surely ? " "For a moment, sir. Mr Barsac has some slight preparations to attend to." The stranger looked up suddenly, and intercepted a glance full of meaning between General Hawley and the portly person still lounging back under the canopied chair on his right hand. " 1 think I still lack the honor, of an introduction to this gentleman," he said. "Content yourself, air," said General Hawley. "The .honour will be yours in time. For the moment the gentleman prefers to remain im.cogn.it*." Mr Browne coloured high. In smite of another wild, hidden pressure of Mies Hawley's Band he eyed both hia host and the gentleman who preferred to remain mcognilo keenly. This glance was-.returned, by both gentlemen with interest. At this moment * servant brought in come dinner on a tray for the newly arrived guest, and a large flagon of old Nantes nrandy. Mr Browne's attention was instantly distracted. He attacked the victuals fiercely. The two elderly gentle men passed the brandy bottle between them —with equal gusto took long fiery draughts. Captaut Foster alone sat silent, brooding on the opposite aide of the table with his face covered with his, hands. There was silence. When Mr Browne had finished his meal, he poiatedto this despondent figure. " Captain Foster does not drink," he said. " No, sir," said Captain Foster, not look ing up. "Then with your permission." And Mr Browne took a great draught of brandy. Miss tiawley rose. " Sit down," said her father,' " Where are you going?" She said that if she might be excused for a moment she needed her smelling- salts.. They were in her room. This in reply to Captain Foster, who- offered with no great, alacrity to get them. She leit the great hall by a small door in the corner, which opened immediately on to the staircase. She: leaned heavily against this staircase for a moment, clutching the balustrade fiercely, afraid that she was wing to taint. Then, when after a groat effort she had regained pobsession of herself, she went fleetly up stairs, crept through her darkened room, and, shrouding herself behind the curtain of the window, looked oat. She saw Mr Barsao in earnest conversa tion with- a soldier on the bridge over the moat. There were two bridges over the moat, besides this one immediately below Miss Hawley's bedroom window. The girl visited the two rooms, one of them the Duke of Cumberland's, which overlooked these two bridges; on each bridge she saw the same chilling eight—a soldier silently on guard. The Moat House was surrounded. Miss Hawley bathed her forehead with scent ; then she went down again thought fully, quietly, to the great hall. For a moment she) paused at the door, listening. Load voices were raised; bursts of thick laughter breaking upon these, proclaimed the: nature of this interior. Misb Hawley braoed her nerves for a chilling sight, and entered. It was:well for her, steel-hearted as she was, that she bad braced her nerves. The sight was indeed chilling. The Duke of Cumberland had risen from his canopied chair. Maddened with final draughts of brandy, following potations already deep, his brain had turned. Bearing his huge bulk heavily on the table, he ad dressed an imaginary assembly. In hoarse, thick accents he recounted the glories of Culloden — the brutal massacres which, directed by himBelf and his gallant friend opposite, had followed hard on that dire day; and his gallant friend opposite bowed bis livid, ghastly face repeatedly on to the very table, in mute approbation ot eacb sickening scene. Between them sat Mr Browne, his hand clenched round his glass, his deadly, pale features writhing fiercely at each red recollection. Opposite to him Cap tain Foster stared aghast. Standing there, a sileut, horror-stricken spectator, Mias Haw ley remained unrecognised. In vain she tried to attract Mr Browne's attention—to motion caution, self-command, anything chat frantic gestures of a girl already half distraught could impress on a man in deadly danger. Carried away with rising excitement, his pale lips mechanically repeating phrases of the deadly tale, Mr Browne sat there heed less of her presence, like some wounded lion cronched for the avenging spring. At last the climax came. With a sadden change from mad vemon to drunken jocularity the hero of the day described his recipe for suppressing revolts. He painted the roads from Inverness to Fort Augustas on the moruing alter the battle. Castles, house*, huts in flames 1 A whole country ravaged with tire and sword I Men hunted and snot down on the mountains like wild beasts! Women violated, after having been forced vpwtatora of their hu»b«4» execution*! Whole families shut in buns and. borat to ashes! It was a saturnalia of slaughter, told by a madman. And the stranger—Mr Browne—what of■ him! Repeating phrase after horrible phrase loader and louder, till his voice swelled i above the reciter's, the man's long pent-up j rage found sudden,furious vent,. He saw nothing, of the ball of the Moat House, no thing of Miss Hawley's imploring gestures, no thing of the present peril which hemmed him on all sides—nothing of all these—only in one wild vision the bleak Scotch hill eides sown with his slaughtered friends, the blazing villages—-a whole country desolated for his sake—aud the guilty two i He dashed die glass which he held clutched in hit hand with such violence on to the floor that it flew into a thoasaud fragments. He reared to his foil height—his voice rang out like a trumpet summoning the guilty to judgment. '•Murderers," he cried, "I know you nowl By your works—at which a whole world has shuddered—by your works I know you! Outragers of humanity ! l'win fiends of Hell I 1 know you, Bloody Hawley J and, you, Butoher of Culloden!" <Zb 6s Continued.) 