WISE WORDS. We cannot undo the past and begin afresh. We have to take the past as the starting point and determining clement of the future. As good-breeding is an expedieut to make fools and wise men. equals, so eti quette is the invention of wise men to keep fools at a distance.—Steele. A woman lives in the world of, her own heart. If she has interests they centre there. But a man has his interests out side his affections. He is compelled to< deny himself, to let the sweetest things go by. As soon as anyone discovers that the atmosphere about him is nearly always stormy, he should ask whether, without knowing it, he does not carry the ele ments of the storm with him. It is toler ably certain to my mind that whoever be lieves that most men are quarrelsome, is not only not a peacemaker—he is not even peaceable. Nay, never falter ; no great deed is done.. . By falterers who ask for certainty. No good is certain but the steadfast mind, The undivided will to seek the good; 'Tis that compels the elements, and wrings A' human music from the indifferent air. Thegreatest gift a hero leaves his race Ts to have been a hero. —George Eliot. ' When a man who is not a criminal is given over to a deep duplicity of life, he will clutch at any lie wearing the mask of truth, which seems to |liield£iim ffom shame and pain. He miy beha mse ififfiii in every other relation, a shrewd man ; a far-seeing,and even a cunhing man ; but in this relation—that of his own honor, his own fatne, his own Safety—he is cer tain to be' a blunderer, a'bungler and a fool. Such is the . revenge of nature ; such.is God'sjwn vengeance. _ God dothmot own unwilling service. liove is toosshort for mean anxieties. Synrpathy? beautiful atidpu re, in apt to be marred by its being prompted jherely by a sense of duty; and thus its true and natural spontaneity is veiled. It is true that habit becomes second naturO to us, and by habit we may, end do develop honorable and charitable sympathy with all suffering ; but the truly sympathetic are so born, and it is as impossiblefor them to enshroud their true desires and actions as it is "to soil a sunbeam by the touch." Selfishness is the chief spring of injus tice, for, from hence it is that oftentimes men regard not what courses they take, what means they use, how unjust, how base soever they be towards the compas sing of their designs; they trample upon right, violate all laws of conscience ; they falsify their trust, betray their friends, supplant their neighbor, detract from the virtue and worth of any man, forgoe and vent odious slanders, and'comiiiit any sort of wrong and outtage ; without regard or remorse, they do anything which scemeth to further their design. There is 110 greater vassalage than that of being enslaved to opinions. 'Che dog matist is pent up in his prison, and sees no light but what comes in from those grates; he hath no liberty of thoughts, 110 prospect of various objects ; while the considerate and modest inquirer hath a large sphere of motion, and the satisfac tion of more open light; he sees far and enjoys the pleasure of surveying the divers images of the mind. But the opinionator hath a poor, shrivelled soul, that will but just hold his little set of thoughts. His appetite after knowledge is satisfied with his few mushrooms. Youth is the best time to acquire cor rect * language. It does not require wealth ; the poorest can obtain the faculty. And how? By using the language of books—in other words, that which one reads. From the taste of the best spea kers and writers, treasure ' up choice phrases, and accustom yourself to their use. But do not fall into the opposite error of selecting only that which is pompous and high-sounding, for that will make one ridiculous. But choose the language which is! terse, expressive, and clear, and the habit of correct speaking soon becomes fixed, and makes it a pleasure to listen to you. The Power of Patience.—Patience sweetens the temper, stifles anger, extin guishes envy, subdues pride, she bridles the tongue, refrains the haiid, tramples upon temptation, endures persecutions ; patience produces harmony in families and societies ; she comforts the poor and moderates the rich ; she makes us humble in prosperity, cheerful in adversity, un moved by calumny and reproach; she teaches us to forgive those who have injured us, and to be the first in asking forgiveness of those whom we have in jured ; she adorns the woman, and ap proves the man; is loved in a child, nraised in a youiig man, admired in an old man: she is beautiful in either sex and every age. Lawyers' Mass.—In accordance with an ancient custom, revived within recent years, the Catholic members of the legal profession inaugurated the com mencement of Michaelmas Term by assis ting at the celebration of a Votive Mass of the Holy Ghost in the Chapel of SS. Anselm Ana Cecilia in Sardinia Street, Lincoln's Inn Fields. -Father Fitzgerald was the celebrant. Among those present was The O'Clery. Mr. Santley, took part in the rendering of the music. A similar custom obtains in Paris, ta nwm rouge— so called oh account of the color of the vestments worn—being celebrated each year to inaugurate the labors'of the Palais de Justice. Colored Catholics.—A congress of colored Catholics was held in the early part of last month at Baltimore. It was stated. that a petition had been presented to' tlie Hierarchy urging that 110 distinc tions should be made between white and colored Catholics. In their replies the prelates,, as a rule, "said that colored Catholics were not discriminated against by any diocesan regulation, although there was some discrimination by indivi dual churches, wliibh they all deprecated. The Abbey, of Ennis.— A pilgrimage of 1,600 members of -the Third Order of St. Francis left Limerick city recently to visit the ancient- ruins of the'historic Abbey of Ennis, once a flourishing home "of their Orders It was founded by Donal O'Brien in 1240ratid in former times it sheltered 300 religious and 800 scholars, including Spaniards and-' Frenchmen. The monks were driven out in 1644, 