Well Played. CHAPTER XXL fCoNTINUKD. Jasper left the wagon and walked into tke innKtod up into his room, feeling as if be bad a'blowon hi« head. Had he been wise or fool ish! Had bo escaped a snare laid to entrap him, or had he missed -a golden opportunity ? for the life of him be could not decide. " At least, I might have led him on farther," be thought, discontentedly. His head felt so bad with the excitement of the interview of the captain that be bound a wet towel about it and lay down on his lounge. A smart rap at the door obliged him to rise and Open it. There stood the old countrywoman witli the big basket, who had got off tlio care at the station. "'Will you bny some of my thread and bat- tons, sir, to please an old woman ?" To oblige iier, not because he expected to use these things, he said ; "Yes." "You must excuse me, sir; I see I hare disturbed, and you have u headache, poor young gentleman," she went on, in a. pitying tone, as abe drew the cover from the basket, revealing a little store of notions— pins, needles, lope, but tons, a few collars of Irish lacc, a few strips of embroidered edging, done by hand ; " but I like to aril to gentlemen, they are more liberal than the ladies, and I most make what little I can. I've seen bettor days, Tord lore yon, sir. My husband was onoe a well-to-do shopkeeper, nnd I'iuxLoiy own httlis perior and all. The land- loWgare roe-permission to come tip. I hope yon 11 sot be the worse for rising, sir." 11 1 certainly shall be the worse for vonr tongne," thought Jasper ; but lie was too kind and patient to say so. Very gravely he selected a card of while but tons, a half doaen sticks of tape and some black throiid. " Hovr much for these, madam 7" The old woman shivered and closed the door, " Two shillings, sir, and may the blessing of the widow — " " They ore worth about sixpence, but I am willing to pay the remainder for your blessing," said Jasper, sarcastically, placing the uiouey in bur hand. " Oh, how severe yon are, for such r benevo lent young man," cried a fresh, sweet voice, and. the old woman burst into a fit of girlish laughter. " Ghila V "Hush, not so loud. It will not be proper for mo to remain in your room tunny minutes, so tall me as qnickly as possible how things ore progressing. I will dry my shoes at yonr fire while you talk. And let me tell you one tiling —you must find me same place to stay, say as yonr widowed aunt, or one of yonr mother's uld servants, if that will be leas galling to your pride." And, laughing, she drew a chair to the little fire and pat out a pair of very small small feet in very large shoes, " I fear thie is dreadfully imprudent, Guile. No, on second thought. I think 1 am glad of it. I just mailed a letter to yoa to be very cautious about going out iu London. Decid edly, yorriwill be in less danger here if you will keep very qniet. I think lean find you aplacc where it will be safe for them to know who you nro, so that you will only be compelled to keep on your disguise toward others. A very poor, a dreadfully poor and humble place. Gnila, but where there are honest hearts and a wish to serve rue." "If things ore clean and they can give me bread and tuiik, there will tie no trouble. Thank you, Jasper, a thousand times. Xow, quick, give me a sketch of the situation." He did so, down to his last words with Cap tain Billings. " I think I can help yon in one respect, Jasper. If Miss Crevelling is Ht the rnnnor- froni you to her. I am afraid "that hor father bes taken bcr to London, and that the mar riage will be forced upon her there." " For Heaven's sake, do not tell mc that !" cried Jasper, in sadden anguish. The blackness of darkness seemed opening to swallow him np. He did not know how niuch hope he had had until tiiis suggestion of Guila's revealed it to him. "Ob, Gnila! Guila!" lie moanid, " it can- oot be. I will hope against hope." " Well, yon write her a letter, and throw a little of the intensity into it which you threw into yonr words just now. If alie is at Crevel ling Manor I will undertake to geL your mes sage to her." ' Yon roast cot — yoa dare not. Ten to one that scoundrelly Vivien will be there — the enp- tain, too, perhaps — nnd yon will cot escape dtetecifid from their observation. Yon will be recognised— all will go to ruin !" "Listen to roe, Jasper. Are you ready to submit that this marriage is inevitable ?" Jasper .groaned. "Ywu .confess that von. and Jake, as you caU.hira,,bave ..both failed to -communicate with the lady. I firmly believe that I can do it. I ptu determined to make the attempt. Suppose I arp discovered ! they will not mnrder me in cold blood on their doorsteps — they dare not do. that — aod you arc liere, you know all tlie circumstances, to protect me. You forget how anxious I cm to see this 5fr. Vivien — bow ronch depends npon my identifying him as the man we are after. Should I have the opj«>r- tunity to observe him at the manor-house and find that -thia .was tlie wrong man, why, it wofild end this plot of oars here, and save us a great deal of unnecessary trouble. I am going with, or without your letter, and I shall now make an attempt to sell some needles and "thread down stairs, while you write a message if yoa wish. J give you ten minutes. Fori must reach tlie manor-house in good season, More MiVri Crevelling begin 6 to dre.for dinner. I am now going fo make a barge io with (lie JandUdv— lacC collar for a lunch." Again that silvery ripple of laughter and the old woman took np her basket and hobbled out. XhAyobng tuac locked after her admiringly. " ff she were mjfiister," die munnnrcd, " I ,«ocrid not JovelwrMb parer. teoderness. How much «plrvt 4Lod what<aick wit she has, when ope would .think'everytmng of that kind would 'faSrelwwi jcnahpji obt of hcr hy what she has endured 7 Yos, i will .write. Heaven jblesn her. if hesaccceds in getting into that hohae with tny letter. He aat down at a iittie table on which were bii writing materials, iiu words secui 10 flow from his pen fastor than he coald put them down. "Scratch — scratch — scratch : "he Was stall tearing away at a furious rale when the rtip eamo again at his door. He folded the two sliced of uotepapcr,ut them inaneq-. Ye! ope, and sealed them, 'but did not direct the' letter, which lie gave to ihe old woman, who laid it anogly beneath the wares an lier basket. 14 Go and engage mc a 'thorn in that attic you spoke of," jsbo said. . 44 How far ja it to Orerelliog Manor T' " A little over a inile." " Then I shell probably return in two hours, m ore or less. Do not go raving mad from suspense meantime." ,4I will try to possess ray ftoul in patience. Here, take my umbrella " " An old tramp like roe with a silk umbrella 1 No, thank yon. Besides, it is clearing away." " An old" tramp liko yon with costly jewels on her fingers," said Jasper. 14 Not this time," and she held up a pair of , hands that would have suited Meg Merrilles 60 nicely were the wrinkles painted. " You taught me a lesson there." CHAPTER XXII. WA&Rifcn;, ik arrTK or all. It was two o'clock in the morning of the 8th of December — tlie wedding-day of tho heiress of Crevelling Manor to Mr. Basil Vivien, oT Vivien Place. The forthcoming event hod been announced in some of the London .papers, but none of the friends of the Crevelling8 had been invited out to the .wedding, at which Lady Lynx end a doscif. others wondered and felt slighted. The ceremony was to take place at the little Melton church, and all who desired to witness it were welcome to attend ; beyond that it was to be strictly private, it having been given out in the neighborhood that this was /Miss Crerelling's wish, she not being in good >health, but that Mr. Vivien would give a grand dinner and ball two days before Cbristmaa, Bt which -all the gentry of the country would have an opportunity to Bhine. and compare them- eelrcs. too, with a host of fashionable people from London. This understanding reconciled society to the fact that there was to be no wedding-breakfast for it on the 8th December. No one of the whole establishment at CVece!- ling Manor knew that the bride-elect bad been kept a close prisoner in her room for over three weeks, except Ellen, her maid, her father, nod her lover. Ellen had been heavily bribed to keep the Becrct. It was her interest in every way to keep it, also her whole predilections were in favor of Mr. Vivien. She thougbt'him'an uncommonly fine gentleman, wcry 'noisome, and knowing exactly the taste of a lady's-maid when he made her a present of a set of jewel lery." She had an eye to the future, surveying tlie splendid establishment of that gentleman with much favor, to say nothing of a hidden passion uhe entertained for Mr. Vivien's highly genteel volet. She really did consider Miss Crevelling "a very obstinate and hoadslrong young lady, -as stood in her own light," nnd wbe felt that she was only performing her strict duty in aiding Sir Hastings to keep her safely imprisoned until her ronmagc. The baronat had not Bcrnpled to tell Ellen that her young mistress bad formed a very un suitable attachment for a beggarly hind — that she iiad made up her mind to rnn awny with him, and disgrace the old name of Crevelling— consequently that he felt more tlmn justified in keeping her locked in her room. To the renmindcr of tlicaervntite it had beon represented that Mis6 Crevelling had sprained her ankle, and was obliged to keep her room. Ellen brought her jilt her meals ; the windows were nailed down ; Ellen slept on a lounge near bcr mistress at night; -ehc and Sir Hastings kept the keys of the &nite; of 'apartments, bed room, dressing and sitting room, which now fanned the limits of this stubborn young lady's world At first Cecilia find been prondly indignant,' refusing to speak to ber father, to eat, or sleep, or do anything but walk about with the air of a caged lioness. After n few days ber de meanor had changed, still silent and haughty, and to try to nmuse herself as slic best could. Her apartments were filled with the choicest hot-honsc flowers ; grapes and overy rare fruit gib \ed and burned in their tempting bcanty on plates of Sevres china ; nil the new magazines lay on her table ; every day Ellen brought in the new things which arrived from London and Paris — the exquisite dresses, the fans, gloves, satin boots, lace handkerchiefs, bonnets that made even Cecilia's ryes sparkle ; the dainty lingerie, shawls, and cloaks, opera-glasses, jewellery. Misa Crevelling would not have been a woman had she not taken some interest in these things. She did. Ellen reported to Hie father and lover thot 44 time and time again she had seen her young lady smile as she examined her bridal finery, and seen the color rise in her chocks until sbc looked that blushing and pretty she copldn't describe." This news was wonderfully cheering to Mr. Vivien, who always brightened when he heard it, and appeared like onbther man from the grave, discontented gentleman of 4? minute before. Sir Hastings, too, congratulated himself on the wisdom of the course he had pursued, telling the luver over nnd over again : 44 All these gpiritcd.creatnres want iB to -know their master. She will be meeker than a lamb; when she has been a .month married," and ioi that at least Sir Hastings was right— she was meeker than a lamb when she had been married a month. And now wo will return to the hour, two o'clock in the morning of the 8th of December,. Ellen lay sleeping, with suspicious heaviness, - jierhap? accounted for by ihe fact Xhnt hor ini6-i tress lind kindly givn tier the glass of "sherry which lisd been scut up wjtb her .own. dinner, and that she had pnt a mbrphinc powder in »t- befnrc doing so. Ellen, then, slept deeply and well when her yonng Indy slipped 'hut of bed and stole to the window. It woa a clear, cold, starlit night, .Thegret golden 'eye of the ligbt-honke wink'ek L\ her"; significantly. She . looked down into the j withered gardeu. Something glimmered, jio. larger than a fire-fly, just over a cluster of evergreens. "Everything iB right AO far. I ace the signal," she said to jerself, pud .fell to.</cmb-! Jing bo violently that she could with difficulty dress herself. , . ! Hut dross Jaaitelf -fhe did. aod-qaiekly, too, tLoagb hor bauds were cold -and ahoot like leaves in the blast 6he pot ion a heavy brown fjilk drew, a warpi velvet cloak, a bonnet pud veil ; pot gloves gnd a handkerchief iu iier pocket, a purse, took her shoes in her hand, aod with another glance out of the 1rx.-ked window at the little parti of fire'which glim mered down below, she walked into the sitting- room. Here she took a key from her bosom, a new key, which had .come to hpr jn some mystcrioos way, and very Softly andtiome«B|y turned it in the Ward, and Softly aud tioiseledy opened the door. « r Holding her"breath, she slipped onl inio £fce Jiall. A nigbtdamp burned faintly there, as it always did. 8heMolectJ to 'the great Wtaircase, six feet wide, dark and solid — tbe great (stair case op and down which had gone the feet bf so many Gravelling from infancy to age, tottering up it in laughing babyhood, and being carried down over it in later year — and down It -she flitted as silent as a ghost until she came to tlie foot where, with a sharp, half-repressed cry, &lic; drew back, faltered, and fell forward, fainting, into hor fathers firms. " This ought to teach yon, Cecilia," he said, when he had carried her into the dining-room Bnd revived her, "Tiot to try to outwit mo. Yon mfiy as well give up all desire to do it from this rooraont. In— let roe see \ — oigiit hours from now you will be Mrs. Vivien. You need rest before going through the trying crdo«d of the ceremony. Return to bed, and compose yourself. Submit to the inevitable. Many fathers would never forgive such an attempt to disgrace them as you have just made. Bui be b good girl to-day, Cecilia ; make no scene in the church ; do as it is your duty lo do, and I am ready to forget and forgive all. I am older than yon, know more of the world ; what I do now, though it mny seem tyranny to yon, is really what yoa will sood thank me for. I cm not angry with yon. I do not even ask yon if vou were going off alone or with that beggar. I want you to sleep, and awake calm and chocrfol. It will kill mo to have yon getting np hysterica in clinrch, or anything of that kind. Come," nnd lie gently drew her along upstairs to the door of her room, which he opened, pnshed hor in and said, as he left her, I shall not tell Basil of this romantic freak of vurtrs unless it becomes necessary," and thus "prrarli- ing down b daughter's heart," he went back to his station to keep guard until breakfast-time. Cecilia went to the window when she was once more in her room. Tbe spark of fire had was as bright ever, nnd far awoy-throngh the Bt'll night she heard the whistle of the express train, and whispered to herself : 41 Too late !" She was very calm almnt it, considering all "things. She had fainted at the first shock of disappointment, but now she quietly undressed herself, put her garment away, aud when Ellen awoke late in the morning, wiLh n heavy Feeling; about her head, and sprang up to iook lit her young lady, she found that pcrsonoge placidly sleeping. Ellen went iuto the dressing-room and ntBde a hasty toilet. When she returned Miss Crc- velling wbb sitting up in bed, witikinfr away the drowsiuess from the large white lids of licr blue eyes. 14 It is eight o'clock, miss. I'm going to bring you your breakfast this very minute, which I'd advise you to take in bed, for you won't Cflre to dress more than once nnd there'll be barely time tn get you up properly by leu o'clock. There'll lie the woddiog-brcakfnst at twelve, but yon must have something to keup you up until then — a enp of tea, an' omolct- — or will you have it boiled — with a bit of toast." "Just what rou yileasc, EiUn." She spoke so sweetly and gently the maid was touched wilh sudden emotion, and toroed back to sny, with the tear in ber eyes : "An' do try and keep up for Lo-dav ; dou't let ver spirits fall ; the worst will «oog beover. and very trying I should think it would be to walk into church without even one bridesmaid. They ought to a purvided a bridesmaid, I do think myself. But everything is for tlie host, ! no doubt. And, oh, yon ought to see the i flower Mr. Vivien sent over last night. The : very house smells like a bottle of Lubin. Tber arc from London — three great buebel-baskets full, besides from our greenhouses and his owu. I'll bring yon your breakfost this minute." In perhaps ten minutes she returned villi a klttj, 4IUU LliUU', WflUC IIIU piuiv, Jto IIIL l'UUU« boguet, plucked fresh not an hour ago, by Basil's own fingers, aod with his card attaclipd. It was lovely and sweet, ®U orange blossoms, cape jasmines, and rose buds, a globe of white ness. and perfume, und softness fit to nestle iu the .<nosvy bosom of a pure maiden about to become a bride. 44 Take ft away, Ellon," cried Cecilia, without touching it, aud then she had auotlicr fit of trembling, but she conquered it, at bcr break fast. aod arose, very pale, but quite calm, to be dressed for tlie ceremony. to be CoSTINCEf). 