[?] [?] Gentlemen and follow cricketers of Now . South Wales, I have been thinking that it is just about time wo asked the Victorian Cricketers' Association and the partisan Press of Marvellous Melbourne to mnnngo the gamo in our midst. Thoy aro going pretty strong of lato, getting stronger and stronger every month, until it seems the only thing left for us now is to band ovor tho roins to theso men, who bavo proved so fair-minded and such impartial judges of ., .right and wrong in things cricketal. They wanted to doposo poor old Charlie Bannernmn from tho position of umpire lierc, and appoint Mr. Tom Flynn, a gen tleman who has earned by 110 means un bounded respect ns an umpiro in Sydnoy. It was gross impertinence on tho part of tho Victorians to mention such a tiling ; it displayed their blind ignorance of tno doings of tho Australasian Cricket Council, and to those who understand these things it raado them appear sublimely ridiculous. What would they think if New South wantod to foist Charlie Bannermnn upon them at Melbourne ? They'd cut up very roughly. That the Victorian Cricketers Afsocia- ' tion, or a section of it, is prejudiced blindly against anytiiing that might emanate from Now South Wnles is proved by the follow ing motion carried on tho proposition of Messrs. Bruce and Worrall, two mou who ought to know bettor: — That in consequonco of a published report to the effect tlmt tho New South Wales Cricket Associa tion desires an alteration in tho mothoil of select ing teams to rosresent Austrnlin in test matches, this Association considers it desirable to inaka known t.hnt it will adhere to tlio original method which wo3 carried out by the respective colonics. It was extremely foolish to pass such a resolution without having received any official notification from tho Association of this colony. It was doubly foolish to do eo without hearing what reasons — in tho event of such a thing occurring — actuated tho N.S.W. Cricket Association in the matter. This motion says emphatically' that tho V.C.A. 'will riot listen to any reason at all ; that in fact it arrogates to itsolf tho right to rido roughshod over N.S.W. in this or any other matter. It is just about time tho Cricket Association of New South Walos'gavo the Victorian auto crats a severe snubbing. The next thing we'll find them doing is to pick our team for us and then sond two umpires across, perhaps tho said Tom Flynn and Dennis Cottor. All, ah, ah! Cheek is not tho word for it. » Alick Bannerman looked awfully jolly the other afternoon at tho ground. He had a giddy littlo holiday hat, a giddy little sparkle in liiB eyes, and a giddy little pair of \- protty white shoes. Ho had them all en ; in fact, he looked quite a giddy little fellow all round, and felt quito a giddy little fellow, I'll bo bound. Just imagino Jack Blackham and George Giffeu being so cliummy after all tho bitter rumpuses thoy have had. John in mending his manners, and now is growing quite polite and nice. It is to be hoped this im provement in the autocratic John is not to bo short-lived. Mister Victorian Tommy Felix Horan thus drivels with tho end of his infallible I pen : — " With regard to tho umpiro, I notico : that tho Now "South Wales Association have appointed C.' Bannerman ; but docs not tho appointmont of umpire rest with the selec tion committee? It certainly does, as a rule. It certainly doesn't, as a rule. If memory serves correctly — poor old memory, thou ar t ageiug — the Australasian . Cricket Council selected the umpire in the first test match against Lord Sheffield's I team,. and in subsequent matches tho cap tains, W. G. Graco and J. Blackham, picked the iimpiro3,' I mention this point because X know that both George Giffon and J. Blackham are in favor of Tom Flynn, and, . further, the chairman of tho S.A. Associa tion; Mr. M Evan, thinks no better man than Fiynn can bo found. ' As'a matter of I fact,',ob3orvos JBIaokhnm, 'J haven't seen a bettor umpire than Flynn . in Australia sinco the days of Jim Swift, of New South Walos.' What beautiful rot from J. M'C.B. I understand that duo inquiry will be made ns to whether tlio New. South Wales Association have power to appoint C. Bannerman, and should that body not linve tho power — it has tho power, Tummas — two, at least, of tho committee will - go strong for Tom Flynn." Master Tummas' facts aro unreliable, liko his memory. Tlio poor old fellow is a groat barracker for Victoria and Victorians, but he ought to bo lectured for making such an insidious attack upon an old com- rado, who always was, nnd still is a bettor cricketer than himself. Oh ! if Cliarlio Bannerman had only been born in tho poor littlo cabbage-garden instead of among tho erect Cornstalks, what a different man he'd bo in tlio eyes of Tummas. Needless to say, as usual, tho N.S.W.C.A. is right, despite blatant bounco on the part of uncrowned cricket kings of splendiferous Melbourne. WANTED an active cricketer in New South Walos who can bluff, bounce, and endeavor to run tlio show a 3a somo of the Victorians. Must possess no end of cheek, and must barrack strongly for. his' own men ; as an example Vio will be expected to get Conirigliam, Harry Donn&n;, and Howell into somo of tho test matches. P.S. — Charlie Turner noodn't apply, as he is too easily talked round. The Wator Police readied up a team bo go across to the Shoro last Wednesday. Thoy got hold of Freddy Burton, littlo Jacky Gould, Shea, Harry Itobinsou, uud Fitzgerald, of East Sydney, besides Herb. Itobinson and the two juvenile Burtons. Winning the toss, Freddy sent tho Shore men to the wickets in a magnanimous fit. The boys over the water appreciated tho favor, and knocked up 170 odd runs, and wore nob dismissed till after 5 o'clock. Tho bitterness did not end hero, as several of tho Ens tSyriney-cum- Water Polico team failed to make many rnns. Jim Shepherd doesn't often laugh — ho's not built that way — bub you ought to see him chuckle ns ho tolls all about this little tako-down. It would do your heart good to see sobersides Jim gloating over it! Tlio following one-sided balderdash ro the test match comes reeking from Vic toria through the Melbourne Sportsman: — " A question that at presont seems likely to cause not a little unpleasantness is that of tho umpire. J. Phillips will do duty as ono, and it was thought that T. Fiynn would be tho other. But, oh no ! say tlio New South Wales Association; wo must come in somewhere, oven if we have not a . leg to stand upon. We do not cage for Flynn. He stuck to Blackham too much for us in 'tlio recent "Tqober incident,' .and wo must see that lie, as far as our colony is concerned, is a stranger for the future. It remains to be seen whether the position' the New South Wales body has taken up can be hold to. Tho opinion horo a very valuablo opinion in this caso is that the Selection Committeo alone has tho right to appoint their umpiro, and, of course, if it hnB that power it will not be slow to use it. liealhj, it is time our Nino- South Wales friends were gioen a gentle hint that peace and quietness is far more preferable than unseemly bick-.ring, which only raffles tempers gonerally, and is inimical to (die best interests of the gaano. No more honest or more capable umpiro than Flynn could bo found,. and it is intolerable that ho should be traduced without rhypie or reason." . . It is a pity that the crickot writers of Melbourne make such consummate asses of themselves whon a littlo time spent in enquiry would improve their (knowledge of what is not done by tho Crickot Council. As. a matter of fact the N.S.W. Ciicket Association alone has the power to appoint tho Australian umpiro, vide a decision of the Council on the motion of Mr. Jffo3tyn Evan, of Adelaide. If the individual who wrote tho above will drop a .note to. Mr. John Portus, ho will, I doubt not, be put on tlio right track. Tho potty puerility contained in this attack redounds with e. ' ; ' . . .... ' deadly force on Victorians, sirioe 'thoy aro j -Complete outsiders in tho matter. 'This ; Spoet8man scribe .must oat his own words, and "find'tliom as bitter as gall, too. Jim Phillipt thinks Connie should 'have been picked against the Englishmen, and you know big, burly, Ted-faced Jim is as shrewd a judge of crickot as anyone wo know, not excepting tho genial Jaok Blackham. » I was sad at heart the moment I heard that Bradley, of Brisbane, was shattered by Bicliardson first ball — it was an ex- pross yorkor, mind you. But whon I saw that Brad, poor devil, mot with a similar fate in the second innings, niv stony heart bled for him, Tho gush given below is clipped from ! Quiz, of Adelaide — interpolated remarks aro tli oss you and I would ejaculate upon reading it : — " Quiz is going to indulge in a littlo bit of wing flapping. He is of „ course influenced by tho recent success of South Australia in tho cricket field, and ho rises in all seriousness to suggest the sond- , ing of a South Australian team to Eng land. A laudablo idoa. Doubtless the first inclination of rcadors on seeing this' proposition will bo to laugh, but aftor all is there anything ridiculouB in tho idea ? Oh dear. no ! In the elovon which defeated tlio Englishmen Ihoro were at least seven men who are fitted to represent Australia iu any combination that might confront us. OuZi/ seven, how modest! Why not eleven? With subtractions and additions wo could put in tho field a formidable cloven that would not disgrace us in tho old country. Quite eo, old chappie. Tho financial part of tho business ncod occasion no concern. Lucky dogs! Sir Edwin Smith and a few other staunch supporters of tlio noble game would not hesi tate to guarantee the expenses, nnd tho tour, if suceessfuly managed, would not bo likely to result in a loss. The vory audacity of the idea would bo its chief recommenda tion to tho English people. Hear! hear! The fact that. .South Australia had dared to challeugo all Eugland would be about the best advertisomont possible, nnd.Quiz does not think that our boys would in any way disgrace themselves. But wo do want another bowler very badly. Do you, really! Only one? How modost of you, . my dear Qurz. Now, it strikos me these South Aus tralian non-crickoting gas- bugs are thirst ing for a licking, mid as sure as bombast bursts they'll get it. How mighty, soon tliey have forgotten that good old George Gitffui is altogether a different player in England, "and that Walter and Jarvie woro tho frosts of .'the last team. By Jove! if'' N.S.W. can only win tho tos3 and have a little luck, despite the preponderance of young 'uns in tho tonm, the conceit may bo taken out of tho swclled-headed scribes and their satellites iu picturesque Adolaide. George Giffen left Blackham and Graham out of tlio selection lie wired to Charlie Turner, but George was liko wax in John's hands, as ho soon turned round, throw Affio Jarvi3 out and put the little dasher in. By-tiie-byo George lias got hold of a new, theory in howliiig, and when big Jack Lyons looks serious, as ho speaks of it, you'd think it was a secret. Ton could havo bot your bottom dollar- that Alick Bannerman would not throw! away a chance of scoring a win last Satur day. Alick lias not travelled all over tho world for nothing; ho has not played against old WjG. and Jack Blackham with- out learning all the wrinkles of tho game. I hear "that the little stonowallor was asked to go to Melbourne, but he declined 'thobonor with thanks. Troctia -and Graham, together with Lock- wood and Littlo Bobbie Peol, were iu at Oxenliam's on Thursday morning. It! j -didn't look, well to see this- quartette in such a placo ; it didn't look well at all. Trottio has lost a bit of his belly, and lie's all tlio better for it. Do you know Harry is ono of -the few Victorian cricketers, -who (has .gained real popularity witli! Sydney crowds and Sydney cricketers/ "Tlio litblo-dash'a'r who did such great tilings ' in England -doesn't look as vouug and inn-o-cont as he usudr to. One of tlio jokes of tlio small fry at the late cricket match was, "Gam, Trott; You can't make our George trot." — Quiz. Old Tom Garrett has been picked to go to Melbourne in placo of Alick Mackenzie. I suppose Do lias been patronised because lie is an old hand; and it takes an old hand to tackle sucli a wily customer as Victoria's captain. But I bolievo tlio team was selected with tho big Paddington crack as twelfth inan; and if so where does Tom come in ? « My own privato opinion is that Tom Garrett is a bettor bat now than he over was, aud that if ho docs not make any of thoso wild, hockey-like strokes at wides oq the off he'll get runs liko an artist. But supposing the veteran itiput into tho team, who are you going to leave out ? You can not leavo a singlo batsman out, for Mac- phorson, tho only ono you could" think of omitting, is a gritty easterner and a grand fiold. Ho is built of the stuff that wins , matches, you take my word for it. ' Some people would say, "Oh, Sid. Calla way is out -of form;; give.hiraaiEost." But ; I have a vprybi.gh opini'on of Sidte batting j mgainsfc the oil theory bowlers of Mel- j Ibourno, and I am -expecting something ; Jgood'frcrin him. i I ; I would givo something to see New -: South Wales win tlfe two Intercolonial J j away :froin homo. It is a remarkable j ! (thing .that while wo licked both Victoria j- and South Australia elevon months ago, | tliey are able to run the tho .show in pick- j ing the test team, - | » » The Englishmen woro not a bit sorry, 1 when they hoard 'the names of the eleven I . Australians picked "to meet them, and the j; omission of Coningham -pleased them -im- j- mensely. j " i ' Queensland is as much outitled to a ! 1 roprosontativo on the selection committoo ! : as any of tho other colonics, and if the | selection -of tho toama bo not taken out of j the bands of a committee constituted such j- as the prosent ono, tlio Association of tlio Northoru colony will bo quito justified in j insisting upon representation. Wo were out looking at tho raon prac- ! tising on Thursday nfternoon. There was i a good crowd of the usual lookers-on. j Going over near tho fence to gather in a ! ball that had boon driven to tho guttor, an urchin who was perched on one of "the soats bailed mo, j "'I say, Mister, -that .-blobo -like an -actor, is he one of .tho Englishmen?" . -said -lio pointing towirals-afiguro standing i near tho wickob. - ! Looking 'in the -direction of the -person ' mentioned, J -was.uuablo-.to locate .him, and ! .replied to the urchin, " No, my boy ; lie's not one of tho'Engiishmo n."' j I-had'forgobten tho (little affair, aud somo i time lator came close to the .individual, ' There was something familiar in the . faco, j and, yet it wns unfamiliar. It couldn't bo ! Hubert Brough, nor 1 ittlo Boussio. No, no. | Hut who could it be? I was racking my . brains when a well-known South Sydney ; ' cridkctcr oamo along and said, "Hullo, j Frank !" Frank returned tlio salutation, ; -.and m .sheer astonishment, .as soou -U3 I heard tho voice, exclaimed : | '".Frank Downus ! Well, I'm hlessed." j It was Frank, moustauholess and -side-- j .loverless. j Young Hinchoy 'played a rattling j 'innhig3 for -'the -Sydney Grammar -School on Thursday. He made -nineteen lis /and J ;a '5, -and played like.-a brick -.just whomruns I woro needed. ... J Dodger 'Camphiunnude 3.37 on .-Saturday j against fifteen -of 'East -Newcastle. .Ho j didn't give f the -ghost »f .a chance. . If ho "makes -a -century .against Victoria, :how '- will the New.castriaua buck ? " ! What about tlio visit of aa Association 1 team of cricketers to Goulburn on Decern- i . ;ber:29, 3i, and.'JauuaryT ? It is "down on I "the (programme, 'but I'lnvvri't'heard.nny df j the boys talking ahoat tho team yet. ! " It strikes me that if 'the colts play up to | anytiiing Jiko their .proper form (they'll ' give ithe Englishmen -a bit of 'worrying. : "'Some of '-them are -full of cricket, and if J they do not leave their hearts in 'tlio "(pavilion ought -to . make runs '.wall. . I saw a little par in the D.T. the other : ' .dtty stating that one of 'the coining colts - of Haddington — Percy Macnamaru. — (li«d i -takon fifteen wickots for 90 -runs in ! Electorate -matches. I "thought -this a -bit .queer, so I seut a mcasago i to Secretary Davis, asking 'lor the figures, and "this :is the -reply : "-Against the Manly and.Waveiiley teams P. Alncnamara tool: ,iu ; all eleven wickots for 08 runs, -but -lie. also ! bowled in tho second .innings of Canter- 1 bury, -after the -game had heca-w'on, his ! average being ono dor 51. In , premiership j .matchos he lias secured twelve wickota at a ;.cost of 122 runs:" : The opinion of one of 'the -shrewdest 1 . judges .of the -game in all Australia: — " j "Mackenzie is a ffino .bigifcllow, 1 do not j know a batsman .-I expect .greater things ; from. Ho is a magnificent field, an'cl soirio ' day he'll '-bo one of -the -grandest cricketers -in the -colonies -uriloss T -am lnuohoutin ' my calculation." .Ernie Hume was.abit disappointed about ' not getting a trjp away to Melbourne .and : . Adelaide, but Ernie's young, and iias.mariy ! years bdforo liwn, wiilst Tom -Garrett is ; getting on in years, and might not gob ; many more chances to 'do 'bis Melbourne- , Adelaide trip. Two late i Boropgh cricketers -wqro.in.a | (pub tbe-othor uigiit,.uot .a thousand -ipilos ! away from 'Moore Bark. If.liey ,were ' . tcilkiqg .rouglily aboitt tbat airy 'in dividual" Quilp," arid both seemed 'toihavo a griovapco agaipst Eoforieo Davis. Thoy -1 ' .£ti;l.buted jtelthat yoiuVg :man agood tdoal : — .of i.the pasty -tilings -that appear in thbso '. ! columns. 'They- were airing-their . opinions - protty loudly, when in dropped Charlie : "Marcbant. lip .gave -thorn -the , liveliest . fifteen imioutee (tbeyVvp .qver -liad.' -'jjjjpjr . bumped agqinstiA-snivg in C,E.-!M!." pa d\t tjiat Jaqk .Portus and Tpddio Briscoe Jive rgftiffg -t ..4on fiannols at Ballarat. I'd liko'to bo on band.with my .Opapghot camera. . 