The ReV.'-Tlios. Cook's mission in " Adelaide has opeuedliopefully. By the time these lines appear the.number ofperBons who have been awakened to concern about salyation and who hare gono into the enquiry Tooms to be talked with, prayed for, and helped by experienced Christians, must be at least 300\. We know that the success of a mission of thiskind cannot be accurately gauged by the recorded number of conversions, yet the fact that men and women are so impressed as to publicly confess themselves to be seekers after salvation must be regarded as a; very important aspect of the work. Mr. Cook is. quite a young man, and "looks even more youthful than his years. He is quiet and undemonstrative in style. He is never under any cir- <-mn stances noisy. ' He makes no attempt to be (-icquenl. or to make himself prominent or to work lip' an 'incited state of fooling. He is not so forcible a-i?pr>ak»'r as.the Rev. J. Berry ; nor so scholarly as the Kev. .5. 1) iy Thompson, but hois a clear; earnest spealtejy i-vio'ently full of ihe Holy Ghost and of povrer, and his ureat ebj^ct »ecms to be to get men to-understand : to think. IIo brings his hearers face to i'ace w;ith the givat facti of life and death and eternity; of sin undaalration, and when speakin^of th^ftfL thjjDg.* t4jP?s 30 wl^h bated . breath, nmid*t a "ilei.ee so deep that a pin might almost be heard to fall. - THOSE who attend thwe meetings, and note the quietucus and simplicity of the agent, and Bee at the name t ime the greatpew; of the work accomplished, caunot help the conviction that " this is the finger of God." At the same time. Mr, Cook does not neglcct anything which adds to the efficiency of his mission. A choir is organised to lead the service of praise; a sufficient number of. persona are in attendance to show people to seats and supply them with hymn books ; a band of Christian workers is got together to receive enquirerSj to help them in their difficulties, to take their names and addresses* and to keep them in view till they have been brought into the fellowship and care of some church. Cook declares that his object is not to make men Wesleyans bat Christians, and his-worker's banda furnish to ministers of other denominations the names end address of the converts belonging to their congregations, that they may look after them and get them into their membership. This brotherly and generous conduct on Mr. Cook's part should secure for him the confidence and co-operation of all the ministers of the evangelical churches, \Ve advise ministers who would benefit by this mission to attend the services and get into touch with the work, that they may be better able to deal with the converts who may lie sent to them. Our conviction is that ministers may receive great spiritual stimulus from these meeting?. MB. COOK is wise enough to know that if he would convert sinners he must revive saints. This is particularly needful, since the converts in a period of revival are almGst certain to conform to the type of tbe average professor. In another column will be found a report of an address to Christians by Mr. Cook, the special aim of which was to lift Christians to a higher - platform of believing and living We hope Mr. Cook will not relax his efforts in this direction. The Christian life of this colony has for some time been ^.t rather a" low ebb, and the love of many has waxed cold. God .has been pleased to afflict us as a people, by sending^lpss, disappointment* commercial disaster, hardship, suffering, and we "are now in a mood to return to Him, and eeek His blessing! Mr. Cook has come just at a time when the churches are ripe for revival, we trust that he and others may have the joy reaping an abundant harvest. Our adversity will be a blessing in disguise if it should lead the people back jto .God. - This alone -can cure our ^dissensions, heal bur social divisioii8, aiid weld us together into a true brotherhood. ... A Mi ; siqjr like this is important because it tends to bring us back to first principles. There are some professed Christian teachers who pity the simplicity of any one who 'still hblds the old-fashioned doctrines of Ruin, 'Redemption, and Regeneration. If man has been evolved from the apes, he "cannot have a sinful nature, and dpes not need conversion, rbut ratqer education. A mission like this demonstrates the fact of sin,1for eyery eveningin the enquiry robin there are, scores/who feel its blackness, its burden, and seek/deliverance from its power. It also proves thatconyMsipn,the^ is afact;: for every evening men and women are made new creatures 'in '-Christ Josus, * It also shows that redemption is a great^fact, as numbers daily experience ftis jnb •Urftwrt"tn DT j-n'AtiA i W k ' i ' ^ ^ j y ? ' : faos witifi constanfly to see its effects in., chiwiged and renewed lives. These •know' from experience that tilie Gospel is the power of {rod unto salviitibii^i) eVft^y "one that : believeth. . • ^ = THE REV. R. DADDOW~ Primitive Methodist niinister ofT Broken Bill lias been transferred to the Parkside Circuity and will be succeeded by the Rev. Jy Goodwin, who has nearly recovered from his recent indisposition. Mr. Daddow says the Primitive Methodist Church at Broken Hill is now in a good financial position. Poreonally-he liked, the climate.of tie HilJ y and would hate been willing to stay there. He gives a heart rending description of the sufferings occasioned amongst the poor by the effects of the fumes from the smoke stacks,.and also from the lead dust undergronnd. Tons of; lead and arsenic are belched daily from the chimney stacks and fall upon the town, and are breathed by men women and children. . Men. are to be seen with twisted and contorted hands and: feet, >ud.- with heads lolling from side to side as if they had nobackbone. Even little children may be seen suffering similarly. Men who hecotnc leaded in tbe mines stand; no: chance of employment, and are left? to" starve or to live on charity. Mr. Daddow says the business men are afraid to agitate for any remedy lest it should, lead to the shutting down of the mines. The injurious effects Mr. Daddow considers could be greatly minimised by keeping the mine wet., and by having chambers in the smoke-stacks where the arsenic and lead could be washed out of the smoke,. The shareholders are, however, unwilling to save life jit the expense of their dividends. 