can anybody tell us? What is the matter with Uabba ? If Little Agnes beat Marvel in a recent trial ? How to avoid another coal-strike at New castle ? How many balls go to_ the over in naval cricket? If Bethel will create a surprise on xuesnny r Whothor the flying-machine carried too much ballast? How "Want" can be an omen of peace and goodwill? Whero the money spent in holiday- making comes from ? What the Yankees are going to do with the everlusting nigger ? When a number-board will be supplied on the flat at Randwick ? If the bookmakers really lost money pn Boxing "Day, as the majority of them say they did ? Whether Geordie, Cissie and Co. have been keeping Christmas ? The cause of tho unholy, stink around . " Tempe Railway Station ? . .;, rV;s : . How many more illegal operatiomsts r . remain to be prosecuted ? If there is a better bookmaker than"" Charlie Fallon on the flat ? ' J ' What Froude's ghost thinks of tl»e. literary stylo of Arthur, G.? "What has becoino of Honorable Members sinco Parliament adjourned ? Whp will bo the lucky winner of tho JB25 Bird o' Freedom Competition ? How to measure the gloom at present overshndowing Sydney cricket ? Who will be Jim Byrnes' successor as Jumping Champion of Australia ? Whothor substitute Governors are to bo the next method of retrenchment? Whether the pavement is the proper place for displaying goods for sale ? Any greater rubbish than to Bay Kelly, the wicket-keeper, is slow at stumping ? Why Fred Witton's Balmain Sunday, excursions should not prove succcs&fttl; ? Why the Nelligen- carriers have not been executed fortravelling on Sunday ? Wliat punters think of Spinning Jenny being struck out of the Carrington Stakes ? Who the young punter was who won a lot of monoy ovor Mooreiiold on Wednes day ? How many of the returned Coolgardio minors by the Innamincka have made their piles ? Why the harmless necessary French duel would not improve our Parliamentary amenities ? Whether the Treasury was in its usual, place when the Premier looked in on' Boxing Day? .What the Labor Party think of tho charge of want of sympathy with the un employed ? Whether Xmas was not a godsend to tho Council in their back-down ovor tho Appro priation Bill ? Whethor Dr. Creed's letter in The Times will induce the Dutch to settle tho Costa Rica coso ? What authority, tlio polico havo for house to house visitation in search of unregistered dogs ? Of a greater fraud than tho flying machine, which landed on the rocks like many another fraud ? Whether the old saw — money makes tho maro to go — isn't particularly applicable to some good horses just now ? Tho name of the N.S.W. cricketer who gavo Mr. Umpire Flynn, of Victoria, a bit of his mind in pure Billingsgate ? Tho difference betweon Blackham and' Garrett, tho latter having expressed regrot at finding fault with Umpire Fiynu ? Whothor Sid Gregory's innings of 101 j against Victoria does not convey a poor I impression of other Welshmen's baiting ? 