mt Jlag of TRUE MANHOOD. By Ven. F. W. FARRAK, D. D., Arohdeacon of Westminster. Preached in Westminster Abbey, Sunday, July 29. "Qait you like men ; be strong."—1 Cor. xvi. 13. It « not unnatural that on this Sunday in the year my words should have some reference to the boys of our ancient, historic school, and in general to the younger members ot this congregation, though I trust they may not be entirely without value to others who hear them. The Bible is essentially a manly book, and the words, "Quit you like men; be strong," are bat the energetic summing up of its repeated exhortations. " Be strong" is the advice of Motes to Joshua, "and of good courage." "Bo strong, and show thyself a man,"said the dying David to his son. "Say to them that are of a fearful heart, Be strong, fear not," sang Isaiah. " Be strong, O Zarubbabel ? be strong, O Joshua ; be strong all ye people of the laud, and work," is the message of the prophet Hasrgai. " Be strong in the Lord," said St. Paul to the Ephesians. " Thou, therefore, my son, be strong in the grace that is in Christ Jesus," is one of his messages to Timothy. "I write unto you, young men," says St. John, " because ye are strong." Be manly ! be strong. But what is manliness, and wherein does strength consist? My friends, you will never have taken even the first step towards a true estimate of that question unless you estimate wherein the nature of man consists. And here no one oan for practical purposes get beyond the tripartite division of St. Paul— men couaist of body, soul, and spirit. At these elements let us for a moment glance. We have bodies. The body is but the mortal instrument which we use during our transitory passage through life. You remember that the troubled Prince in the great tragedy si^as himself, "This machine which is to me Hamlet." But the body is more than a machine. It has two aspects. Call it "the flesh," and we mean thereby the lower instincts of our nature, which we have in oommon with the animals; call it "the temple of the Holy Ghost,"and we mean that it should he the habitation of the Spiria of Christ. Dust, indeed ; yet dust translucent with the divine life within. Aud again, we have souls. The soul is the seat of the passions and emotions and pride, with all their train of kindred impulses. That part of our being, also, may be degraded and perverted until the man is like an evil spirit, fulfilling the desires of the mind, worldiy, Belfish, having no hope, and without God in the world. On the other hand, the soul may be pure and transparent as crystal, active as fire, unselfish as a minietering spirit, sweet and tender as grace, etrong, generous, enduring as the hearts of martyrs, the seat of every ennobling aspiration, the picture gallery of every beautiful memory, the nurse of every inspiring thought. We have bodies, then ; we have souls; but we are spirits. The spirit is the highest and truly divine part of our nature—that by which we hold communion with God and become one with Him. " The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit that we are children of Gad, children of God and joint heirs with Christ, if so be that we suffer with Him, that we may be also glorified together." The spirit, then, is the highest part of our nature, and it is the eternal law of nature, no less than of Scripture, that " he who walketh after the flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption, but be who walketh after the Spirit shall of the spirit reap eternal life.'' MAN, THE PARADOX. And here you have the explanation at onoe of all the paradoxes about man and about human nature, of whioh all literature is full. How poor, how rich, how abject, how august, how oomplicate, how wonderful is man ; helpless, immortal ; insect, infinite; worm, a God ! "What a chimera and chaos is man," says Pas?al, "glory aud shame of the universe. If he exalt himself I abase him ; if he humble himself, I raise him up." Pope says— Sole judge of truth in endless errors hurled. The glory, jest, and riddle of the world. How are we to reconcile these antitheses ? They are easily reconciled. Eaoh one of us is as great as he is in God's sight, and no greater. Let a man sink himself into animalism, and he is a heast—nay more, rather less. Let him rise on tne wings of faith and hope, of purity, and kindness, to the grandeur of his privileges —" I have said, ye are gods, and ye are all the children of the Highest." To be a man in this sense is to be but a little lower than the angels, crowned with glory and honour. The old Greeks said, " How gracious a thing is man if he only be a man." Alas ! it IB none BO easy to be a man, a true, right man, when the world aud the devil and the flesh surround and ensnare us with their alluring soroeries. This height cannot be obtained bat by stern and resolute climbing. These evil passions cannot be made to yield but by a strong will, the servant of a tender conscience. "These evil spirits co not forth but by prayer and fasting." But if he alone is a true man who thus lives according to the Spirit, and not hp who fulfills the desires of the fieBh and of the mind, at what is such a man to aim ? Do you think that the answer I shall give you is only the answer of Scripture or the ^pswer of religion ? Nay, it is the unanimous answer also of science and oommon-sense, of Pagan philosophy, of all the experience of all the world. We think, and rightly think, a great deal in these days of the teachings of science. Well, the teachings of soienoe is in this matter in (exact acoord with the teachings of Scripture. Science says the body is defaced, effeminated, sickened by selfindulgence. Scripture says, "If any man defile the Temple of God, him will God destroy." Science agrees with pagan philosophy in summing up the rule of life in two words—endure, abstain. Give up ! Christ says, "If any man will be My disoiple, let him deny himself." Again, if you will read any of the noblest treatises of moral thought, .either anoient or modern, Pagan or Christian, you will find there also that they are all one on this matter. Turn, for instance, to the famous Ethics of Aristotle, and he will teach you that happiness has an energy in accordance with virtue, and that perfect virtue is the supreme good of man. Aristotle says that the character of the perfect man must be developed out of the two cardinal virtues of manliness aud selfmastery. The Scripture says—Be temperate in all things. "Qait you like men ; be stroncr." And the experience of the world confirms the same. Take all the records, all the biographies in the world, and in them, too, you will find as the invariable lesson that " the wages of sin is death," and that to lose the life for Christ's sake is to find it. FATAL ERRORS OF TODTH. Now in youth we are all liable to fatal errors—liable all our lives long, but in youth especially—as to the nature of manliness. These errors belong to the childish things which St. Paul bids us lay aside when we bcoome men, and of whioh Aristotle says that we apply the name of intemperance to boyish faults. Youths, for instance, very frequently oonfuse manliness with its very opposite, namely, with precooity in vice which, like that of the Prodigal, has exchanged the easy burden of Christ and the blessed freedom of righteousness tor the destroying slavery of sin. Youth sees a strong, hot- blooded Esau, never looking beyond the moment, letting nothing et|and in the way of his unbridled passions; it sees Absolom, beautiful and bad, living only for sense and for self; and it considers suoh characters manly, I have often seen youths at school, and wherever youths are assembled, the idols and popular heroes, talked ot as " suoh fine, manly fellows," bore upon their foreheads the marks of extravaganoe, excessive devotion to amusements, desultory aims, shallow attainments, unbridled impulses ! Yet these qualities, so far from being manly, are the reverse of manly. They show weakness which, on any standard above that of the animal, are softness and effeminancy, not the qualities of a man. And I have seen otherB win as purely an admiration for such base qualities as wealth, insolence, a spirit of contemptuousness, an overbearing manner, a prosperously exagggerated sense of their individual importance ; but even the pagan will tell you that these are the qualities not of manliness, but of braggadocio and pride, and what St. John calls the swagger, the gasconade, the braggart vaunt of life. And yet of what infinite importance is true manlinesB ! Many and dark are the problems of the future and of England, and if the coming generation is to be saved from them we want men. Men. not systems, fit and wise; Not Faiths, with rigid eyes. Not wealth onmoantaiDS piled. Not power with gracious smile; Wanted, men! Wiiited, deeds! Not words ot mincing note. Not thoughts from iife remote, Not fond religious airs, Not sweetly languid prayers, Not love of scented creeds. Wanted, deeds! Men and deeds! Men that can dare and do. Not longing for the new. Not pra. ing of the old. Good life and action bold; These the occasion needs Men and deeds! WHAT IS MANLINESS? "Quit you like men; be strong." What, then, is manliness? All that it is I oannot tell you, but let me try to give some few notes of it. First, it is self-respect. I need hardly warn you that self-reBpect has no analogy to pride, or io the wretched vulgar ape of pride which is self- oonoeit. I cannot express to you better what self-respect is than in a passage which I have always regarded as the noblest in English literature. "If, "says John Milton, "the love of God, as a fire sent down from lieaven to be ever kept alive upon the altars of our hearts, be the .first principle of all godly and virtuous actions in men, then\this pious and just honouring of ourselves is tho second. Something I oonfese it is to be ashamed of ill-doing in the presence of any, but this is still the fear of infamy; but he that holds himself in reverence and due esteem for the dignity of God's image upon him. and the price of his redemption whioh he thinks is visibly marked upon his forehead, accounts himself a fit person to do the noblest and godliest deeds, and muoh better worth than to dejeot and defile with such a debasement and pollution as sin, himself so highly ransomed and ennobled to a new friendship and filial relation with God. Nor can he fear so much the offence and reproach of others as he dreads and would blush at the reflection of his own severe and modest eye upon himself if it should Bee him doing or imagining that whioh is sinful, though in the deepest secrecy." And next to self-respect manliness is resistance. The true man will not bend like a reed to every passing gust of that insolent ignorance which sometimes in the- lightheadedness of nations arrogates to itself the name of publio opinion. He will not swim with the stream either in the Church or in the 3tate, butt will strike out against the fieriest waves. He will not spread hie sail to the Boft breeze of flattery and self-interest, but even when menaoed with shipwreck will oppose his constancy and his convictions to the fury of tho storm. At sohool and at college, in his regiment and in his profession, the unmanly youth will always follow the multitude to do evil. He will be a reflection, not a reality. He will be an echo, not a voice. If betting and gambling are the order of the day he will bet and gamble, and plunge into that guilty and ruinous excitement rather than have the courage to say " No." If he be thrown in an atmosphere of vulgar rowdyism he will be vulgarly rowdy; if drink and lawlessness are thought fine qualities by fools, such a youth will drink and be lawless; if vice and impurity have innoculated his house or his school with the virus of their plague, he will be vicious among the vicious, and impure among the impure. But the manly youth, unmoved amid hurricanes of bate and ridicule, the tribute which vice always payB to virtue, will, as I have known him do, always break through like cobwebs the trammels of false ouetom; will front the guilty compliance with a eturdy "No!"' will uphold the dignity of Christian duty; will rise superior to debasing examples; will follow his conscience as the supreme guide; will be moderate among the extravagant, temperate among the drunken, and chaste and pure amid a tainted society ; will raise the eternal protest of tempted inuocence, " How oan I do this g^pat wickedness and sin against God ?" RESISTANCE. On a tower in the fouth of France, Marie Durand, who was imprisoned for forty years because she would not abandon the Reformed Faith, has carved as the lesson of her life and of her long martyrdom the one word, "Resist." It is a noble and a pregnant motto. Resist the temptations to be idle, self-indulgent, vicious, and all the more if those around you are so. Resist the prejudices and the littleneBB of your own profession or school or party ; resist the temptations of the impulses of your lower nature ; and so far from being weakened by the struggle, the strength and fire of the conquered temptation shall be to you an added element of force, even as the Indian warrior believeB that the strength of his vanquished eneny passes into his own right arm. Resist difficulties 1 Show that you have some iron in you, and are not all of straw ! "Resist the devil, and he will flee from you." Is there a lion in your path, then stride upon it, sword in hand, and strike at it, whether you slay it or it slay you. The greatest men the world have seen have never been sleekly prosperous, facing both ways, making leagues with death and covenants with hell, answering the multitude according to their idols; they have been etrong fighters, terrible toilers; they have been tamers of monsters, tramplers upon dragons; they have told corrupt Churches that they lie, they have told wicked kings that they lie, and they have smitten wiaked multitudes in the face, and told them that they lie; their very martyrdom has been a death-defying utterance of truth ! We want much more of this oomplete disdain of vulgar popularity; much more ot the spirit of Phooion, who, when he onoe happened to be applauded in a speeoh, turned round and asked with astonishment, " Have I said anything wrong then?" Which do you desire— To be sleekly prosperous or a true man? Which do you desire to do—To get on or to serve God ? I tell you that if in any high sense you would do the latter, you must often abandon all earthly hopes of the former. He who would be a" true man must face unpopularity and injustice ; he must endure hardness as a good soldier of Jesus Christ; he must leave the leeks and the fieshpots of the world's sensuous Egypt behind, and climb God's granite mouutains, and hear the wild music of His desert winds; and through parted seas and thundering battles follow the pillar of fire before him. There are many spurious forms of courage, and that which is often most admired is the lowest and poorest, like that of the brutes. The manliest courage is that which rises superior to the fear of man. The manly youth will have a certain disdain and impatience of evil, a certain violence of truthfulness, a certain impetuousity of principle, conquering and combating all that is hollow and base and mean. He will not be at the mercy of a wicked oode of a few silly or depraved companions for a few brief years, at the cost of having to reproaoh himself as a fool all the rest of his life. Let no one of you ever say, "I am too commonplace, too insignificant, too uninfluential to set a good example." The dullest and weakest youth, if he be good, may win an angel's envy and do an angel's work. Shall I tell you what two Eton boya did ? One, present at the annual supper at the Christopher at Eton, when, as was the evil custom in those days, a coarse toast was proposed, remained seated and turned his glass upside down. That boy was Wiliiam Ewarl Gladstone. The other, Captain of the Boats, refused to row if the others swore or used vicious talk. That boy was Bishop Coleridge Paterson. O ! What incomparable good does a youth who is truly manful do in any society or in any Echool with which he mixes; how will he communicate his own healthy, breezy virtues to minds sicklier and more effeminate; how will he retort upon the scorner the pointed finger of scorn, judged of no man, judging all by the standard of God ; like that flaming seraph of Milton, turning his back disdainfully on those who would flout his allegiance to God— Among the faithless faithful only he, Among innumerable false uumored, Unshaken, uoseduceJ, unterrified. SELF-MASTERY. And, again, manliness is self-maBtery. It sits self-governed in the fiery prime of youth obedient at the feet of law. What agony, what waste of sacrificial tears and blood, might have been spared, it has been said, if men had never fallen into the easy doctrine that sin is only a venial infirmity of blood, not to be sternly visited, and that it is a necessary factor of progress, out of which experience grows ! If ever you find your own soft and shivering egotism trying to seduoe you into sin and unmanliness pray, "God pardon me against myself." This coward with prophetic voice, Which craves for ease and rest and joys; Myself arch-traitor to myself. My hollowest friend, my deadliest foe, My clog whatever road I go. And this self-mastery cannot be had without sell - sacrifice. Wonldst thou have knowledge now in the days of thy youth ? Then work for ' it ? Wouldst thou have fame ? It is not worth having, but if thou wouldst, work for it ? It was the fiat of a loat Eden, work! It is the law of life, work! It is as true for nations as for men. Idle nations are ignoble nations. Egypt, sluggish and indolent, may be expressed by the imbecile contentment of the Sphinx. Marked ye yon arrow hurtle through the sky? Heard ye the dragon monster's dreadful cry? Apollo launching arrows of light at the python of corruption—that is the type of Greece in the brief flush of her glory. Any fool, the weakest, dullest, paltriest that ever was, oan make a drunkard or a debauohee. There is no human olay so vile, no sludge and scum of humanity so despicable, but out of it you may make an effeminate oorruptor or lying oohemer; but it takes God's own gold to make a man. No lacquer work, no tinsel suffices for the cherubim of the sanctuary, i'hey must be hammered out of pure gold, seven times purified in the fire. From whom, it has been asked, does the inspiration deecend on us ? Is it not from the central figures of the great tragedies of humanity ; from the creators of law, from the avengers bf wrong, from the martyrs of right from the Missionaries of Mercy, from the Pass of Thermopylae from the self-dedication of the Decii, from the fires of Smithfield, from the waters of the Solway—yea, from the cross of Calvary? And he who will not take up that cross cannot be a true man—he cannot be Christ's disoiple. To conclude, lihen. You have the world still before you—you who ere the trustees of posterity—you on whom must rest the future honours of this onoe God - fearing -islandchoose your ideal. Tell me what your ideal is, and I will tell you what you are. Eaoh year myriads die whose death is a moral and spiritual shipwreck—who have done no good, but harm, to their fellow-men—who have not elevated but degraded, not purified but polluted them. They die, and for the fire of their blood and the marvel of their life they have nothing to give back t3 God but dust and shipwreck. History and fiction, and daily life also, set them before us. Men in history, whether in high or low places like a Nero or Heliogabalua—men like Louis XV. or Charles II.—men in fiction like Tito Melema, whose one object it has been to make life easy to themselves and to erase from their vocabulary the great word "I ought"—men, the dregs of epicureanism, who through all their long, useless, ill-favoured lives, always contrived to live well and eat and drmk of the best, to make cods of their bodily senseE, and to iove no one but themselves. The gilded youth, of wliom we ask, "O, what avails to understand The merits of a spotless shirt, A dapper boot, a little hand, If half the little eonl be dirt?' Will you be like these men ? These are not men, but hungers, fevers, and appetites. Or will you be of those who believe in God, and being very sure of the soul, and having made Christ their Captain and their Master, have raised strong arms to bring heaven a little nearer to our earth, like him who emancipated the slave, like him the martyr bishop whom they sent floating over the blue sea, by the coral isles, with a palm upon his breast, like him the self-sacrificing hero who ended in the desert oity tb« life he had devoted to his ragged boys, like him who was laid at Molokai in a leper's grave? And there, enthroned in such high Btate they lie, That Kings for such a tomb might wish to die. Like all the faithful who have not bee n famous: like all the saints who are but dewdrops tangled in the hair of Htm who is the King of Saints; yea, like him the King of Saints Himself, who set us the eternal example of the perfect man, that we might rise with Him, and by the aid of His graoe, to the measure of the eternal God. Would ye do this? Would you be this? Then remember that the ideal of Christ is the highest ideal of what eaoh Christian should be. He is the highest, holiest manhood —he will be the better self to all who give their will to Him ; and therefore, in words which I have quoted to you before— Follow thy better heart. Follow thy better will, And so thy better self In thy best self fulfil. To thy best self be true I To own an honest hand. To own an hooest name. To feel an honest heart, Is more tban wealth or fame. To thy best self be true! Go, face the future, then Obey thy soulN best word; 'Twill lead thy steps to peace, 'Twill lead thee to thy Lord. To thy best self be true 1 So shall thine influence bless; And when thy years are passed, So shall thy better self Thine angel be at last. To thy best self be true! 