TRUTH'S LETTERS TO PUBLIC p, EMINENT AND OTHERWISE. MOSTLY OTHERWISE. I (BF ' YOUNG AUSTRALIAN.') [All rights of republication fire reserved by the i 1'roprJetary of Tnim.] No. 20.— To Mr, ThomaB H. Yorke, M.P. Candidate for Wellington My Dear Yobke,— For some time past there have been rumors afloat to the effect that you did not , contemplate seekiag re-election. 1, for one, am specially pleased to bear that the rumors are unfounded, and to learn that it is your intention -to face the polls at Wellington agAinst all comers. As you have not taken too prominent a share in party politics, you will probably be surprised to learn that your chances of ro-elecUon are tha ionic of con versation in many more electorates besides your own, and notably in the city and suburban constituencies. Not to keep you any longer in the dark, my dear Yorke, 1 will explain the extreme interest taken in yoar political welfare. Tersely statoii, the Nation expects you to down the J/uuHtefrm/i/vflio ha6 been so long clnspiring to jump your claim. Yon— and you only— can be relied on to relegate the charlatan to the obscurity from which he should never bave crawled, and thiB country will owe you a lasting debt of gratitude if yon succeed, as it is fondly hoped and be lieved that you will. Personally, you have much to commend yon to the sturdy and tnuuly electors of Wellington. You arc neither a (statesman nor an orator; but you are a reliable and trustworthy gentleman, whose judgment is not warped by fanatical extremes, and whose shrewd, commen-stnse views of prac tical politics have more weight with your associates in Parliament than those enun ciated by men of much more eloquence and much less honesty. Both in character and purpose, you are upright and sincere, and you do more for your electorate in a quiet, unpretentious fashion than many a more Bbowy (and suowful) reprcEentative. In fact, you are a ' white man ' after Welling ton's own heart, and Wellington is prepared to swear by you, aud fctick to you. Your duty, therefore, is to let do Party intrigues j jockey you aside to ' make way for the Chameleonic Buffoon who has set hie green and greedy eyes on your seat. The Wellington people not unnaturally ask I what UayneB has done that he should return I to Macquarie- Btrectoveryourpoliu'calcorpsc. I Neither socially nor personally can he come | within cooey of you, and 1 would sooner an | ounce of your practical cosamon sense than | a Vesuvius of his. bigoted eruptions. It is | matter of common conversation that he only adopted Freetrade when it 'became the 1 dominant doctrine of tbe hour: and in gulp- j i ing it down his clownish throat, he beslob- i I beredtbe Parkes whom he had spentadecade in lampooning, and repudiated the religion 1 1 which he learned at his mother's knee 1 Just the sort of man for — Kiama, the birth- 1 place of the boary-ghost ; but not for Wel lington, I trow 1 On the other hand, my dear Yorke, it ie pretty well recogniecd tbat you have not a spat of bigotry in your composition : and it , is therefore your duty to give the Ogre battle and help to remit him to the Circus Ring which his ancient Joe-Millerisms so well befit. Give Wellington a chance to show the country at large the strength of its contempt for bigot? and renegades. Never mind your opponent's glibness of speech ; for that is discounted by his past record both in tbe House and out of it. Lingual expertness iB a deadly charm, common to the boa-con&trictor; and the blatant bigot. The electors of Wellington ore able to appraise it at its deadly value, and therefore the man is not living who can inveigle them into sacrificing you on tho altar of Jack Hayneeienj, which is a saffron sentiment which the country hopes to see excised from public life. Wishing yon the success which I feel Bure will be yours, I am, yours sincerely, YOUNG AUSTRALIAN. 