THE ADELAIDE CYCLORA.MA. A NEW DEPARTURE. Tha management is continually springing fresh surprises upon the public at the Ade laide Cyolorama. Napoleon's ghost was a good idea, and so was bhe enchanted fountain, but an evon better one is to the fore in the shape of 'The Grant) Triaoptican.' Mr. Lockley, Manager of bhe Company, showed a representative of tho Rcyitter behind the ecenes, aa it were, and initiated him into tho art and mystery of the apparatus so far as was necessary. Ia the course of conversation Mr. Lockley said he felt safe in say:ng that this would be the most novel attraction attempted in Adelaide. It would be on a very large scale, and was to be introduced to the Cyclorama on Monday. It would take the form of a grand scenic exhibition of the events prior to and after tho Battle of Waterloo, and would, with tho Cyclorama itself and other items, occupy the attention of visitors for nearly three hours. It wag one of his many ideas, and had taken him a long time to plan ; indeed, the matter had been in band since August last. The whole exhibition only arrived from London in the s.s. 'Wamgal. 'We have done our best tobry and eclipse any thing in the scenic and mechanical line that has been attempted in the colonies. Every thing is of the best that money could buy. The mechanism, to begin with, is triple in every instance, and has been specially invented by and imported from the leading: London makera. This production has oreated quite a n»w era in the high-olass exhibition line. The accessories, are of a special kind, and are known only to our operators and myself. The object of using triple machinery is for startling scenio effects. Like an organ with three rows of keys, by which are introduced those exquisite chnnues of musical colour, bo with our triple appli ances, whioh give tho most surprising results. AH the scenes have been specially prepared for us. Our object is to please as well as instruct, and we are looking forward to the approval of tho public' 