Thc shade of King Billy. (Written for the Spectator.) (Bv H. M. SOMEB.) CHAPTER I. A marriageable girl, pretty, well-bred, acmpl'stcd, and, for the timer, well c7d, was almost an unknown quantity n life on the Lower Murray before the iL.. There were Dumbera of yoong B® l J alflim fn fllB fellows who coma .»y »« — title of gentlemen on the stations, orners, and sons of owners ; who were loetralian to the backbone, and Colonial experience men who were to develop into Australians by a hard course of training in the cattle yards and on the runs. Most of these hardy bush- tneo who could cat ont fats with the most expert stockmen on the runs, yard ,nd handle and generally work stock like aperts, hoot kangaroo and emu tbronab the scrubbiest country, and swim anv water, in flood and out, on horseback or off, were still susceptible to the influences of the drawing room, and the conservatory. As a natural consequence they could appreciate the charms of a refined woman as keenly as men who had better opportunities for conquest, aud for being conquered, either of which contingencies they were prepared to face whenever the duties of ststion work left room for a flirtation mild or the reverse. As I have indicated, though, these opportnnities were few, for the raty simple yet imperative reason thnt well-bred girls, or indeed girls well bred or otherwise, represented isolated spots of brightness on the Murray then. It will be easily understood then tbst Miss Nellie Burke, only daughter of R.rm»ia Burke,of Bellubla station, bad vhit modern young ladies term ' a very good time ' among the yonng bloods of the surrounding properties. Reginald Burkehad come of a staunoh old loyalist family in Ireland. He brought some money with him to Australians portion ot the family patrimony which though not large enough to secure him an estate »t home was quite sufficient to take np svay fine tract of Southern Riverine, from which he very shortly accumulated i considerable fortune expressed in clock, improvements and a comfortable credit balance. Bellubla homestead was built ou the bank of the river, and lis proprietor had spared no expense in indulging a refined taste bo for as the age would allow when famishing the house and subsequently iu adding to the luxury of the interior. He large bright rooms,opening through French windows on to a broad verandah overlooking a See stretch of the river, offered the most mmfortable retreats from the heat of the sun in the long summers and were delightfully bright and pleaBaut on the mild days of the fine winter. A luge orchard and vineyard supplied the eflsblishment with fruit, and formed shady avenues In which to stroll or camp when the thermometer made its records, aud helped to make the wearisome hot mouths pass easily through. Reginald Burke's name was known through the country as a synomyu for all that was upenhtnded and hospitable, and for years his house was never without its visitors. Young sedans of English families with plenty of accomplishments and not too much cash, medical men in search of practices, all sorts of people who had nothing to do and were not abnormally unions to God occupation stayed as long as they pleased at Bellubla. It wa; the easiest ran on the Murray to lose horses on, and the visitor had the consolation of knowing that the pasture ass tip top, and whenever the animals were found — tbst is to say when he umia not delay nis departure any longer for my shame's sake — they wonld be in excellent condition. Numerous as the visitors were, however, the number of what might bB termed casuals, increased to a remarkable extent when Miss Bnrke, st the age, returned from school in Mel bourne, to reside with her father. The horse paddock was sorely taxed on Saturday nights and Sondays to find griig for the dozen or so of additional steeds turned adrift there after journeys varying from 15 to 40 miles, covered by the good old class of station bred stock horses which are seldom met with today. Of course Miss Burke came in for as tunch attention as a pretty girl is snre tocommand.and indeed there was enough to torn the head of a fairly sensible girl, especially as her mother having died unny years before, her only female dviser was a portly housekeeper, au retainer of the family. But some how she managed to ahed a most equal degree of radiance from her dark bine eyes upon all And in the two years which followed, while her tall willowy ugnre became more perfectly rounded ; td her well regulated features assumed Bore derided expression of womanly Intelligence and tenderness, there was a men of all the swafins who could honestly say that she had given him ®conragement to imagine that she was jwve than his friend. By degrees this Mae the accepted feeling on both j®- Every man who visited at nrilnbla regularly became the friend of toe reigning belie,and only the occasional f»ngere who happened along threw toetnse|Te8 at the feet of Miss Burke. M the end of two years Tom Manders "fovned from Queensland where he had torn taking up new country for his "toer. Tom had been on Meeroonda Bdlki febher and adjoining Imri 0r some years subsequent to RnL He was there when Mies arrived frem Melbourne, In fact, and had brooght her across the Murray in the station boat on the night that she arrived at the Victorian bank with her father. Shortly afterwards, Manders senior, decided that Tom should gain experience further afield and so des patched him to Queensland, where, with an experienced bnshman, he spent nearly two years in forming a cattle station. Hen his father eold ont, and remembering that his sou had seen, some rough times in the North he gave bim a large share in Meeroonda and told him to settle down as soon as he liked in charge. Tom was heartily glad of the change, for life on the Murray was as gay as in a city when compared with that on a lonely northern property, ! where the overseer and one or two station banda represented his only companions for two long years. He was a prime favourite with Mr. Bnrke. Naturally, then, it was towards Bellubla that he turned bis horse's head as eooo as a slack Saturday gave him the opportunity, wondering as he cantered through the pine trees and richly grassed plains, what manner of girl the frank, outspoken debutante, fresh from boarding school to Bellubla, over two years before, might have developed into. It bad not beeo his lot to feel the pressure of a lady's hand in his own swarthy palm many times since he had seen her. And though her presence had hardly became a factor in his lifo before be went to Qaeensland, still his thoughts somehow reverted more frequently to Reginald. Burke's heiress than to any of the other land marks in bis life on the Murray which should have been more sharply defined when indulging reminiscent musings in his solitary quarters. Mr. Burke extended bis heartest greeting to Tom, and Miss Bnrke, met him with an easy frankness that, told of a perfect acquaintance with men in society, the outcome of the advantages she had enjoyed for two years. ' Well Tom, my boy !' said hiB host. ' He blacks did not make " long pig " of yon np there after all. By the way, they would have had a tough morsel for the banquet, of late, anyway, for you have got very hard — hard as nails, I should say,' he added as he cast the admiring eye of a connoissoeur on con ditions over 5ft. ilin. of bone and mnscle represented by Tom's well proportioned frame. ' Well,' Tom replied, as a deprecatory smile brightened bis son tanned face. ' It is not much credit to a man to keep in condition np there. There is no necessity for single stick or gloves you know. He stock and the niggers keep a fellow closely enongh at it I can assure yon, and one must gethardorebirk it,' ' I understand that you back country men are terrible, Mr. Manders,' broke in Nellie. ' To believe the tales we hear of your life is to believe that you can ride anything "in the world and almost tarn the wildest bullock into a circus animal in five minntes with your wonderful stock horses and enormous whipB.' ' Oh, certainly,' said Tom.entering into the spirit of badinage in. her tone. 'And of course our chief recreation is potting niggers at 500 yards with oar rifles. In fact it gives ns an appetite for the ever lasting beef and damper, to get ont early in the morning knock over a few blacks, break in eome of the most desperate bnckjnmpers ever saddled, and cut np half-a-dozen long horned cattle till they kneel down and beg for mercy.' ' lam delighted tohear that I have not been misled ih forming my ideal of a Northern station here,' replied Nellie laughing. But a few moments later her face clonded. Like nfahy other women whnnp. hearts were in the rlcht Dlace she had a great sympathetic regard for the aborginals and their sufferings. When the tribes killed cattle on the station she begged that none might he shot — a practice common enough in those days — and she clothed and fed, all that wonld consent to be fed afaont the station homestead. To do him justice Reginald Bnrke never wreaked vengeance on the cattle slayers, but some of hie neighbours were not so scrapalons, and tales came to Bellubla which made the gentle champion of the blacks shudder again. She wonld have liked to sound Tom Manders on his actnal views on the subject, but hie light manner of speaking of the cruelties he mast have come in contact with, re pelled her. Tom soon became a constant visitor at Burke's and a very warm friendship sprang np between the heiress and him self. He was the last man in the world : to pay a compliment to a woman, and he had a slightly sarcastic yet good- humoured1 way of finding fault with her sayings and doings that lent consider able piquancy to his conversation, for Miss Bnrke. She was also keen of wit and tongue and a than who could and wonld hit back was a novelty amongst her friends who usually retired before her repartorial thrusts without much of parry or return effort. But for these keen interchanges in general company the intimacy of the pair mast have been regarded by their friends as tending towards a wanner attachment, for they were in each others company as often as possible, having regard to the- fact that: Meeroonda was 15 miles distant from Bellubla. They fode'ride by side in the occasional kangaroo hunts that were, organised ; they danced most continually together at the still rarer dancing partite; it was Tom Manders who 'attended to her' at the local raceB, and'abe fashioned the colours iu which he rode hiahOrse to victory in the welter hurdle race. Bnt it was only friendship after all. At least so Nellie told herself, and in deed ebe delighted to believe as mnch. And Tom — well Tom grew so puzzled when he tried to analyse the situation that he preferred to go on prosecuting thismostdelightful intimacy, and in the meantime to let it be called by what name any person chose to style it. Sometimes they grew eloquent on some eerlous subject and Tom having been a close reader in his time wonld discourse in language that was a little above her head. Womanlike ehe admired this most of all his accomplish ments and at such moments her heart would flutter dangerously and she would pray inwardly that Tom wonld not turn the light of his brown eyes eo earnestly into here. On such an occasion they stood in a little grove of young gum trees which Mr. Burke bad allowed to remain in a corner of the garden, from a feeling of respect for the trne native foliage of his adopted land. Tom had grown most earnest on the great slave question and had just concluded a peroration npon every word of which she hang with intense attention. What a good thing oar friendship has been for me,' she murmured. 1 1 feel that I can take an interest in snob a ranch wider range of subjects sioce I have heard you descant npon them.' For a moment Tom donbted her earnestness. He thought the remark bnt another of those delicately pointed bits of satire ebe indulged io. Then something in her eyes touched htm, her sonl was nearly all in her face thongh she knew it not, and it conveyed some thing to him dimiy yet plainly enough to make hie heart give an answering bound. 'Must it always be friendship and — and nothing more f he said catching her nnreluctant hands in his.' ' Yee,of course,' she replied unsteadily clinging to the friendship which had seemed so good to her and yet hanging on tbe border line between that and something more absorbing which was struggling to come to the surface of her existence. ' Oh it has been a good thing onr friendship!' exclaimed Tom. ' But — there is something else is there not — Nellie? He drew her towards him as he epoke bnt the utterance of her by him for tbe first time startled her and ebe resisted, unable still to decide as to what were tbe dictates of her heart ; to yield to something ehe only just understood to insist on the old under standing being maintained. At that moment a musical voice gentlemanly in expression to the last degree broke the silence a few yards away. ' A floe homestead indeed Mr. Bnrke,' it said, ' 'Pon my word it is a pity that more of the colonists do not strive to realise something of the ideal English homes they have left behind them, as yon have done.' Tom drew back as a tall distinguished looking man approached the spot where be etood with Nellie. Yon flatter me, Mr. Steadman,' re turned Mr. Bnrke. 1 Bnt here ore my daughter and Tom Manders. Let me present yon to them.' This formality gone through the party returned to tbe houBe, Tom with a great unsatisfied feeling In his heart cursing his bad luck. Nellie trying to decide whether she was annoyed or pleased at the interruption, and her father wondering what made the usually talkative pair answer his latest visitor's observations so briefly and abruptly. CHAPTER II. George Stanley Steadman had eojoyed considerable advantages. Always favoured with plenty of money, he had travelled a great deal, had seen the best of most good thingB the world affords a yonng man of means. Finally at thirty finding that he was over-running theconstabjetosomeextenthehad settled down in New South Wales to station life, first purchasing a property in the Mnrrambidgee countty. This be sold tad bought another near Corowa,aod he was on his way thither. He had not been a success eo far iu equatting. His fortune Was heavily depleted and he had only tbe hope that his new 'purchase, made on long terms from the Royal Bank Company, might turn np tramps for he had nothing else to depend upon for his futnre ability to keep up the style of life he could not now dispense with without Suffering the greatest personal discomfort. He was a man tof most engaging presence, a fine talker with a range of personal experience -enjoyed; by few. He made jhimself very, agreeable to Miss Burke that evening and when he retired "Mr, Steadman remarked to himself that an alliance with a handsome girl, fit companion for any gentleman in the world, would not be a bad way of straightening the knots out of his financial affairs. Tom had no farther opportunity of seeing Miss Burke aioue on this visit, . end when he (eft it was for an absence of gix weeks. Meeroonda was "under stocked and in view of the approaching Spring he was compelled to rgo into the -fiack conn try and purchase etorebnllocka. Tom had no head stockman at tbe time fend as he knew the country he was going into for the cattle better than his overseer did, be felt it bis finty to bring the mob overunder his own charge. He could only tell these things to Nellie in the presence of others and he had no opportunity of guessing whether she felt any of tbe nnhappioese at parting, wheh lay very heavily npon bim and made him a eilent guest while Steadman entertained the company with his nndeniably brilliant conversation. He played, and sang too, with a full well trained and robnst tenor, aod generally Tom conld not bnt admit that with the new arrival at Bellobla be conld not expect to stand much chance should Nellie's friendship for him be friendship only. In three days be was to start book for the Cattle and as he conld not come to Bellnbla again before he left, be rode away in a very low condition indeed. Next day Steadman epoke of going on, bat Mr. Bnrke wonld not hear of this and his visitor derided to stay without mnch pressing, only promlsiog that he mnet call on a friend at a neighbouring station daring that day. He took his donble-barrelled fowling piece along re marking that he might get a shot at a kangaroo on the plains. Game was scarce, however, and as he returned along the river, in tbe afternoon, the weapon slang across bis shoulder was still loaded wi<h bulletin each chamber doming out of a bend on to an open space he dropped on three blacks busily engaged in chopping pieces off a fine f onr year old steer they had managed to bring down and despatch. Steadman drew reio for a moment and a threatening gleam came into his eyes as he looked at the anfortnnata natives only 20 yards from him engaged in what be con sidered to be a most- unjustifiable offence againBt property. A more implacable foe than Richard Steadman the Australian black never knew and there was a grim and deadly air of satisfaction in his manner as he nnslnng hiB gun and cocked both triggers, mattering to himself. 'His is better game than kangaroo any day.' ' Ah ! ha ! you dogs, Fve canght yon, have IP he cried dashing np to them. Almost instantly two of the aboriginals darted to their feet and made for cover. Immediatly the crack! crack! of the charges exploding rang along the river. Both victims tumbled forward headlong, each with a bullet between his shonlders that accounted for his mortal existence at least Steadman langhed in the canning manner of the successful sportsman and 8WOPg Wo p,— — teo woMnn -far MlfltAjnp as coolly as though he had jost brooght down bis bird st a pigeon match. Meanwhile the other black an old and apparently half civilized man attempted to ebufflle away for he was very lame and conld not ran. Bat the sportsman called to him to stop and the old fellow grovelled in abject fear npon the earth. Then Steadman jnmped from his horse and having finished loading his gnn covered the heart of the prostrate black. Now the old fellow crawled on his hands and knees to the squatter's feet. 'Bail yon shootem poor ole Sing Billy Mister ' he whined. ' Poor ole King Billy never killem bollock. Yon pointem finng Bang ehnre to shoot this feller. Poor old Billy got em' sore leg don't shootem.' He turned an imploring terrified look into. Steadman's face, but the latter only called him a lying , old vagabond. Hen as King Billy raised himself with a last desperate intention of flying, he fired, and the ball entered the black skin just over the heart. He aboriginal bounded forward, then fell npon his side and as one hand tore the tufts of green winter grass from the earth in his last spasm he held the other towards his murderer in a mnte ap pealing way while hie glaring eyes mirrored a last agonuea appeal ior mercy. As Steadman rode away from the scene of bis cold blooded hatchery he shifted uneasily in his saddle. ' Confound it ' he mattered, 1 1 have disposed of enough d niggers in my time surely to stop any of this hand of feeling. Bnt I wish that old brnte had not looked at me when he was going off all the same. Poof 1 its only a passing . foncy, and when I get to Bellnbla and the charming heiress it will soon fly. He said nothing of hie adventure at the homestead, and no tidings of the death of the blacks reached there till on the following day Dr. Schwartz one of those itinerant medicos who wandered from Btation to station jn those days, arrived. He doctor was a welcome guest be cause he brought news and bis budget was never delivered under a couple of hours solid talking. After that was through- he suddenly remembered that he had a sensation on hand. ' Vol yon tink Miss Burke,' he said excitedly, ' ven I come mit my horse along the river, I find three plackfellow oh the groundt lying. Eferyone mit bnllets in dem dead.' Shot,' cried Mies Burke, 'Murdered then surely.' ' Murdert 'sure enough, replied tbe Doctor,- 'I parried .'them mit mine own hands in der sandhill aud a long jop I haf of it.' He girl was. so' overcome at the intelligence that she had perforce to lea ve the table while old Bnrke expressed himself strongly against the wanton destruction of human life, Steadman sat gnawing at his moustache, earring the doctor for his discovery, and at the same time congratulating himself that no living sonl could connect hlm with the deed.ainoe the heiress would certainly scorn his friehdddp-ooidd she know the truth. That eveniug as Nellie etood in a lonely corner of the verandah an old blackfellow,popnlarly supposed to be King Billy's brother from the striking resemblance between the two, ap proached her. ' My wurrd Misa Bnrke three black feller tumble down qnick longa river yeeday. Poor feller King Billy two other feller ell tumble down longa bung bung. Mine see 'em.' Good heavens, poor old King Billy most have been one of the three,' -ex claimed Nellie. King Billy was her favourite of all the civilized aboriginals elong the Murray and now the outrage appeared doubly fearful in her eyes. ' Tell me all about it quick, Tommy ! And oh ! who could have done it? ' I bin stand behine tree, eee Billy two other blackfeller ' eatem bullock. Hen np come big white feller come longa Qaeensland. My wurrd make it terrible big feller row, then shootem bang, bung, bang, blackfeller all tumble down.' A terrible thought struck Nellie. She remembered how studiously Tom Manders had avoided discussing tbe rights atad wrongs of the natives with her, and also that he had told her that he would have to go down the river before he went north for the ca'tle. With an effort ehe mastered sufficient resolution to question Tommy closely as to the appearance of the man who shot the black, and was stunned to find that he was convinced that Tom was the murderer, tbns in the easiest manner falling iuto a doable error which -cost her terrible suffering. For in the first place Tom had refrained from discussing her favourite topic with her for -the reason that be was afraid she wonld extract from him some details of the awfol scenes he had been acquainted with in Qaeensland bnt in which he never dreamed of taking pert. In the second place the black, Tommy, had been eo scared while witnessing the treble shooting, that he easily imagined Steadman to be Tom Manders. CHAPTER nr. Nellie was too loyal to her dethroned friond to speak a word to her father of her trouble, and eo ebe ate her heart out in silence for a month while Stead man came and went continually. He thoneh the distracted manner of the object of his devotion worried him sorely and he even imagined at times that she must have gaessed hie secret. He was most consistently persevering in his attentions and being a man of considerable iotnition he managed to fall in with her moods so cleverly that a month only had passed before tbe girl found him almost in dispensable to her existence. Her circle of friends had narrowed, for men did not like Steadman, and the women who rarely visited Bellubla could not but perceive that he had eyes for one only. As spring succeeded winter he drove M'«" Burke across the plains in his smart trap and they went ' Kangarooing ' together while the ground was still soft enough to give the dogs a chance. And when they galloped over frhegrasay plains with theic stretches of green broken here aod there with a dazzling patch of yellow bnttercnps,while the glorious Riverina snn filled the air with his glad warmth, the. invigoration of the season Beemed to glow in Nellie's veins and Tom and tbe dead blacks often slipped away from her mind completely. At such times tbe accomplised Swain at her Bide nearly filled the blank, for her faith in and esteem for her former friend had been very rudely ehaken. Tbe best that ehe conld pemaade her conscience to allow tor the absent rom wee tnac me was a noble character spoiled by certain nnfo'rtnnate conditions of hie environ ment in the North country. Matters had reached snch a stage, when the hot summer months quickly succeeded the spring, that although Steadman was too great a general to force the game and thns take a great -risk, he had still contrived to establish -an understanding between Miss Bnrke and himselfj that sort of understanding which is nsaally terminated favourably by a declaration at a judiciously selected moment. Tom Maedera did not return and his chance in the game- was very remote in deed by this time. Inst prior to Christmas, Steadman drove Nellie down the river one after noon and as nsnal'he placed his gnn in the trap in the hope of getting a shot at a turkey. He bad selected this occasion - for obtaining something definite from Nellie, and was drawing j very close indeed to the critical moment which she did not eeem reluctant to ap proach, when' she " suddenly called ont . that there was a turkey within Bight. As Steadman hastily pulled up bis horse, and drew the gnn from the case,' he notified that he was almost on the spot where -a few months before he bad tilled the blacks. A shudder went through him at the. moment, bnt he sprang to the ground auxiosB to ehow his txpertnees in stalk ing and bringing down the wily turkey. Just as he drew the loaded' gun towards him from the back of the vehicle he'glanced over his shoulder aud there gleaming 'from behind a sapling he met the eyeB of Tommy, the blackfellow, set in a dusky face that ex pressed hatred in every line. < My God 1 King BUly 1 cried Stead man, .and giving an involnntary start as a superstitions . horror seized him he jerked the gun forward ; a hammer canght in some ohBticle, It snapped, the powder exploded and the charge lodged in bie shoulder, felling him to the ground. Ndtie sprang from the trap when she discovered that he was hurt, holding the reinB in her hand. ' Qnick 1 Quick 1 for God's sake get me into the boggy and drive like mad. It's my only chance,' cried the wonnded man, the blood gashing from a great gaping bole and making a crimson patch on the burnt earth by bis ride. At that moment Tommy walked for ward, and Nellie appealed to him to raise Steadman from the ground. But Tommy was obdurate. ' Hat fell bin shootem King Billy. Bail this fellow help him,' he said. ' Yes, I did shoot King Billy,' gasped the fast dyiog man. ' And, by God, I'll shoot hie ghost too if I get a ohance. Help me, yon black pig, or Fll make it warm for yon.' Inst then the horses broke from Nellie's grasp and galloping off smashed the trap to pieces in a bend of the river. ' You fool,' gasped Steadman turning on her, yon have spoiled my only show with yonr infernal clumsiness. Oh, hold me — up, I am dying. Damn that cursed black, he made me — jump — and — Bhoot myself.' Shocked beyond measure Nellie knelt and raised ber lover's head. ' Oh, do try aod think of something better now,' she implored. ' Try and think there is another place besides this, and that yon are going there.' ' You are- — good,' he said,bi8 humour changing suddenly. 1 1 will — will yon — pray.' She repeated a simple prayer bnt before it was finished he gave out a great groan and expired without another aigu. Nellie elected to watch by the side of the dead man and despatched Tommy to the station for assistance. At midnight her father came to her, the fearfni time was over and ehe was driven home where she lay a week in bed recovering from the shock of Steadman's fearful end. When the heiress of Bellubla went abroad again Tom Manders was there. He had been laid np with a fever on the Mnrrambidgee and now he learned by degrees of all that had transpired in his absence. 'Will you forgive .me for believing onah « in i ll>lo thing for yen, Tnm V she whispered at the close of her narrative. 'That I will.' replied Tom heartily, ' And can we not he something more than friends now Nellie V She simply turned her face to him and answered, ' Yes 1' 