CHAPTER III.—AT THE GATE OF THE WINDS. It begins with " Windy Knoll" and ends with " The Travellers' Rest." Windy Knoll is the crown of the Winnatts Pass overlooking as wild a region as you may find in England. At the date of this history, only a few years ago, " The Travellers' Best" was anything bat the haven its title would suggest. Amidst the storm and stress of Windy Knoll Ood dwelt with Hia wonders of clond and sky. At the foot of the Pass within the walls of his misnamed hostelry lived Soarthin Blythe, a libel on the original man whom God made in His own image. The simple people of the Peak still call the craggy gorge between Buxton and Gastleton " The Gate of the Winds" as it was named of old by their predecessors who endowed the country with suoh landmarks as "God's City," "Millstone Niok," " The Toads' Mouth, "The Devil's Hole," "Odin's Mine," "Dead Man's Clougb," and "Hope Dale." The poet who said that " seas are the fields of combat of the four winds" had never faced the land storms of the New World nor ridden through the Northern passes of the Old. It was no wind of the sea that blew through the rocky gates as Jessop Blythe fought his way to his brother's abode on the night of his banishment from God's Fac tory and the cruel abandonment of his wife and -child. It started forth as do the rivers of the Peak from subterranean depths, from unex plored oaves and bottomless waterways. It was a local wind, that was content to storm the hills of Castleton and tear up and down the mile of ragged cleft that gives at last upon the Vale of Hopo sentineled by Mam Tor, and watched over by Win Hill that had borne the shook of storm and tempest from the day of their first upheaval. From this Gate of the Winds you enter a vast amphitheatre of Btone-walled meadows, soat tered homesteads, and heather-clad hillg. Easterly stands Castleton, with its Bopery and Cavern, Hope, Brough, and Hathersage, and Northerly Win Hill cutting in twain the moor land lines that break upon Hallamshire. Top ping the mountainous hillocks or marking their lower borders tower the shooting boxes of noble landowners, some of them marking the very outposts of the Danish armies that withstood Alfred and Edward his son in these stony regions of Derbyshire, among whose many mili tary relio3 still standß within the region domi nated by the Gate of the Winds the castellated tower of William of Peverill, the natural son of William the Conqueror. The natives of the Peak in the olden days had noted as a faot what their successors of to-day regard as a oorioßity that the winds blowing from every quarter of the oompasa appear to mark the Pass of the Winnatts as their own. They had assailed the limestone fortresses and hurled the dust of ages around its turroted peaks centuries before Saxon and Norman; and to-day the sou'wester is just as triumphant in its autumnal revels as the four winds are wild and furious when they gather their foroes to toss the snow sky-high until the valley seems to be thick with ghosts and the hilltops resound with the ories of demons. If the sea rolled in the deeps of the Winnatts and washed the foot hills of the adjaoent mountains it would be alive with traditional fiends like the lonely heights of Belle Isle on the iron-bound ooasts of Newfoundland. Not that the rooky way through the windy gates is without its tales of misery and death. It has its ghosts of the unhappy lovers who, on their way to a rival of the blaoksmith of Gretna Green, who lived in the region of Windy Knoll, were murdered in the Pass and buried in one of the many seoret places of the winds. Tradition, though it does not record the names of the unhappy victims, brings the murderers to justice, which is more than was done, as it seems for a oertain Northam Holmes, whose untimely end at the gate of the winds, while it is a preliminary inci dent of these columns, only oasts an attenuated shadow over the life of the assassin or his brother, who was an unwilling possessor of his guilty secret. It, nevertheless, supplies the key note of the character of the master of the Travellers' Best, and helps to justify the evil reputation of the Blythes, who, nevertheless, give to these chronicles a heroine not unworthy of the boaßted nobility of the women of the Great High Peak. When the wind was at its height two men were having a bitter altercation in a lonely room of the Travellers' Best that had once been its bright and comfortable bar-parlour. They were Jessop Blythe and his elder brother Soarthin. Jessop had a little matter of business to transact with his brother before leaving the neighbourhood. They told him at the Duke's Head that Scarthin had ridden through the village in the morning, and had said he did not expect to be baok until late. Jessop had, there fore, lingered about the village until it was dusk. Then he oonoluded to walk to the Tra vellers' Best and wait Soarthin's return. He could walk on through the night to Chapel- en le-Frith, and get a train there for Liverpool, or walk to the Northern seaport for that matter, seeing that he had plenty of time on hiß hands. This is how it was that Jessop and his brother met at an eventful moment in this history. They both looked far older than their age. Soarthin was bony and wrinkled, with small, shifting eyes, unusually dose together, and a mouth that was hard as his voioe and tight as the grip of bis knuokly fingers. His face was an index to his avarioious and treacherous nature, though he managed to put a oertain kind of forced smile into it that deceived not a few. He was not more than 40 years of age, and yet during his short life, by dint of every artifice known to the miser and financial trickster, he had accumulated considerable moneys, and had liens on many properties. During his tenancy of the Travellers' Best, which he had come into as mortgagee, he had allowed that onoe popular hostelry to degenerate into what might have been called a hovel, but for its handsome forecourt and artistio facade. It was said of a London poet that running to pick a buttercup he was chagrined to find it was a guinea. Scarthin Blythe's nature was just the opposite of this. If he had mistaken a butteroup for a sovereign he would have trampled the flower to pulp with his steel-tipped boots. Nothing was of the smallest moment to him that was not gold, or capable of being turned into money. If it was possible for him to love anything it was Jessamy Bod, his mare, one of the most remarkable animals among the many fast-goers in the Peak. Nothing could beat her, nothing could touch her, up hill or down; and she was the one living thing that Soarthin was ever known to talk to in anything approaching to pleasant tones. His voiee was almost human when he addressed her, his hand almost tender when he stroked her mane. Jessop Blythe, sober, was as firm and stead fast in his manner as Soarthin was nervous and shifty. One looked you Bteadily in the face, the other looked every way but into your eyes, and never stood still; yet Soarthin had been successful in many an ugly tussle with trained men who fight steadily. If you are brought up in the Peak country of Derbyshire you have to fight from your boyhood up; for if there are noble exceptions and fine men to quote to the contrary there is a good deal of the savage still left in the Derbyshire nature. Quarrelsome men about Castleton, however, were wary of Scarthin Blythe. The tips of his boots were as sharp as the grip of his hard right hand was vice-like and vicious. Good a fellow as Jesaop was when compared with hi9 brother, his moral oharacter as we know was nothing to boast of, but he was his own enemy. He had injured nobody of malice prepense. Drink and shift lessness were his besetting sins, ministered to by a love of company, a hand at cards, and the discontent that comes of idleness. It was thought that marriage would reform him, a terrible mission too often assigned to a trusting wife. For a whole month it Beemed as if Jessop had turned over a new leaf for good. After this he fell back into bad ways, and his wife bore the change "with an ill grace," his mother said, "instead of coaxing th' lad, and not tryin's patience wi' hard words," and before half-a-year was over they led a oat and dog's life. From loving the woman, as he thought, he came to hate her, and they parted as we have already understood. Once during this last day before he left Castle ton as he vowed " for good and all" it came into his mind to go and say good-bye to her, and ask her forgiveness, and kis3 his little one, and embrace his mother, but he hardened his heart against his good impulses, though he knew that his mother at least in her querulous way was fond of him, and had always taken his part. " No," he said, *• I won't be a weak fool, I'll go my ways; they've turned me adrift, and I'll go. Soarthin Blythe shall giv me a Blip of paper about that money on th' cottage, or let the whole thing loobo, and I'll write mother a letter from Liverpool. Zodaak Bradford will stand by 'em, and young Tre garron'e no waster; besides, there's owd Wood* ruffs, he didna half like his job to-day, he winnat see harm come to them." Thus for his good thoughts; to them may be added a vague hope that Fate would befriend him beyond the seas; America was his El Dorado. He had heard of suoh wondrous fortunes won by Englishmen out there that he did not see why he might not have a ohanoe to share in the good luck of other emigrants who bad worked out their passages by land and sea. Only on the previous Saturday night at the Wheat Sheaf there was an Irishman who had been a lead miner twenty years baok, and who was now on a visit to the Peak to show his wife and daughter the country he had worked in when he was poor before he had the courage to emigrate to California, where he had mined his way into over ten thousand pounds, every penny of which he had brought home with him. Jessop tried to think that hiß disgrace had oorae upon him as a lucky impulse to force him out of the country, to compel him to get away over the hills that had shut him down in Gastleton, as if he were a prisoner. "You'll keep it dark," said Soarthin, whose voice the wind seemed to mock with a " hoo hooo-hoo" as it roared down the chimney, bringing with it a volume of smoke. "Maybe I will, maybe I winnat," was the response, and the wind still took part in the interview, shaking the outer shutters and whistling in the chimney stack, the fire leaping up in the grate for a moment and illuminating the angry faces of the brothers. "Is it only maybe, Jessop?" said Soarthin, ••only maybe?" "That's all," was the reply. "Is it so, by Gosh," commented the other, " what's to deoide th' maybe?" " Ob, one thing or another," said Jessop in a free-and-easy way. "You don't propose to come to any con clusion about it, eh?" " I've never had to come to conclusion abont such a devilish piece of work before to-neet," said Jessop, hiß eyes fixed upon his adversary, who shifted his position every now and then, as a man might do who contemplated taking another at a disadvantage in a sudden assault. "Oh, you haven't, haven't you?" said Boarthin, " but by Gosh you've gotten to gie me your word one way or another before you leave Travellers' Best, or my name iana Boarthin Blythe." Soarthin was growing angry. He .snarled between his words and his small eyes sparkled. The more he was agitated the calmer grew Jessop, who was not—luckily for him—at the moment under the influence of Dutch oourage. Though he had lingered about Castleton for an hour or two prior to leaving, he had oontented himself with but one drink, and that was by way of aooompaniment to his supper at the Wheat Sheaf, whioh he intended should be his stay until he was well on his way through the night and into the next morning. "Do you hear me, Jessop?" exclaimed Soarthin, his last remark having elicited no reply from his brother, " I say you've gotten to come to a deoision before you leave Travellers' Best, or my name iana Soarthin Blythe." "Ay, I hear," Jessop answered, "some folk oa' you by another name, and by God it seems to me yo deserve it." "You think so, do you?" hissed Scarthin between bis broken teeth, " yo, I've a good mind to throttle you." Soarthin was losing oontrol of himself. He had sworn. It was altogether against his principles to swear. Equally contrary was it to his polioy ever to threaten. He boasted himself that he never threatened, never said he would do a thing, that he did not do it. But Jessop's cool, watohful manner and his contemptuous words threw down his moral defences. "Yo'd better not try it on wi' me," said Jessop, planting his feet firmly, stiffening his muscles, and waiting for the attack, whioh oame while he was warning his assailant. Soarthin, with the spring of a tiger, flew at Jessop's throat. He was oaught with a grip of iron and shaken off. Soarthin at the moment had the oourage of an animal at bay. Staggering to his feet he hit out with his right a blow that might have felled an ordinary man, but Jessop oaught it with his left-hand guard, and landed his assailant a counter on the chest that sent him reeling against the furthest wall, where he gasped and fumed and cursed between his struggles for breath as if he had been acou3 tomed to profane swearing all his life. " Yo're a fool, I tell yo, to try that game on wi' me, Scarthin; if I was not a good-tempered BOrt of chap I should have knocked your cursed head off," said Jessop, taking out a tobacoo pouoh and filling his pipe. Soarthin watohed him with a hate that was half-tempered with admiration; for was not this fighting man his brother, and had he not spared him? In his place, Scarthin reflected as he trembled by the wall, he would have killed him. Jessop went to the fire and thrust the bowl of his pipe between the bars and began to smoke. As he stooped it flashed through the treacherous mind of Soarthin that he ought to have waited for a moment like that before he had attaoked him, so quiokly did the vioioua impulse follow the glimpse of a more generous thought. " We might as well talk this thing out like men," said Jessop. " Like brothers," said Scarthin humbly. " Cain and Abol were brothers," said Jessop, pulling at his pipe. The time was as eventful as it was inoppor tune for Jessop to visit his brother. That worthy was in the midst of a serious under taking. The story may be very briefly told. The New Bank at Glossop had been opened only some two or three years. Scarthin had an account there. He had freehold property at Glossop, and rents in Castleton. It did not seem good polioy that he should let one bank have an inkling of bis means. Nor would the two or three banks in whioh he made busiaeas deposits had they combined to investigate his wealth have come to a proper reckoning. Soartbin Blythe had a Beoret plaoe within the walls of the Travellers' Ilest where be enjoyed the miserly satisfaction of counting over a con siderable sain in gold. He loved to run his fingers through the glittering heap, and then to lock it away and cover up bis hiding plaoe; and yet he was not all miser; for he had oooasional " sprees," as he called them, whioh cost him both money and headaches, but these were intervals from sobriety only known to himself and Jessamy Bod, who carried him blithely and swiftly to Sheffield and even as far as Liverpool when the fit was on him and the devil possessed him wholly. At Glossop the ohief clerk of the New Bank had attracted Bear thin'b attention. They had met in an odd way at a local inn where the olerk went for his luncheon, and where Soar thin generally put up Jessamy. Evil knows evil. A thief soon spots his fellow. Soarthin and Northam Holmes beoame ohama; they became conspirators ; but Holmes was the worker. One night he robbed the bank of its market deposits, whioh, coupled with some other embezzlements, amounted to a considerable sum. Scarthin was to give him aid and guidance in his flight. The first stage was to be the Travellers' Best. Division of the Bpoil being completed there, Soarthin was to pilot Holmes through the Pass, and cover his retreat in case of a hue and ory. It is a Baying in Oastleton that in a strong sou'-wester it is as diffloult to crawl up the Pass as to avoid flying down it. It would not have been surprising on such a night if even an expert rider Bhould come to grief either in olimbing or descending the Pass. While the brothers Blythe were biokering in the faded bar-parlour of the Travellers' Best over the night's tragedy, Northam Holmes was lying a battered corpsa by the side of his maimed and dying horse, half- way through the glen. "Well, what is it to be, Jessop? I didna mean to harm yon, lad; bat you're a stubborn beggar, and you got my blood up." " Not first time; you'd do well to remember bits a feights we'n had as lads; you're luoky I didna twist yo're neck." "Look here, Jessop, I beg your pardon humbly; I'm in a hole; don't split on me 1" " It was a damned piece of work !*' "He was against me, my enemy, a rogue, a a thief, he'd stolen from me. I had a grudge agin him, and he was th' strongest" "Idon't believe it; but that's no matter," said Jessop. Scarthin's prematurely wrinkled faoe worked, his mouth twitched, a murderous fit was on him; if he had only had a weapon handy he would have weighted his soul with another orime. " Ton were always hard on me," he said. "Not so hard as I ought to have been; bat shot up this argument, I'm in a bit of a hole mysen, and-—" " If I oan help you," said Soarthin, shuffling: to his feet. " Yo' can do something, and I oome to axe you to do it." " I'll do it, Jessop; I'll do it," said the other quickly; "but you mnn swear to keep dark about what you say you've seen." "I'll swear nowt," said the younger Blythe, " and if yo' attempt to lay a hand on me again. I'll throttle yo', or punch yo' into the next world." " Very well, Jessop," said the other, •« don't lose your temper, lad. I'm sorry I was put out so far as to raise a hand agen you; but look here, Jessop, you winnat forget that we're brothers?" "Up to now you've never allowed me to forget it, and after what I've seen to-night I'm likely to go on remembering it." "Well, dash me to bits, what did yon see? A deoamping banker's olerk, with his meeter's money and mine, trying to get away through th' Winnatts, and by a short out, by Gosh, and on a horse with a foot as slippery as a eel's, and he breaks his neck; any man mun have been a fool to think he could ride through Gate-o'-th'-Winds on a night like this." Soartbin, as we have already noted, made it a rule not to swear. If he had sworn a good deal during his enoounter with Jessop, that mast be taken as the exception to justify the general observance of the rule he had laid down for himself, more particularly when he was in company that he desired to impress with his high moral state. It is true that he vented expletives such as Gosh, but they were harmless in the general estimation, and, as Zodack Brad ford had said, characteristic of a trimmer who wanted to conciliate both heaven and hell. Soarthin had chuckled until his teeth ohattered again one day at Oastleton market on hearing the new curate from the South say that what ever Mr. Soartbin Blythe's fault9 might be he was not a swearer, nor in any way given to profane language. The new ourate Bhould have heard him on his orgies at Sheffield and Liverpool, when the devil had more than his customary possession of the master of the Travellers' Best. Furthermore, the new ourate said there was anothor thing for whioh Mr. Soarthin was to be admired—namely, that he had ceased to make the Travellers' Best a house of call for consumers of alcohol; at which, however, one or two of his bearers informed him that it was the consumers who had done that for the plaoe, not relishing either Soarthin or his liquor. • "You're fishing -to know just what I did see, brother Soarthin," Baid Jessop, empha sising the word brother, and with a spiteful expression in* his faoe. " Well, what I did see would hang yo'! Yes, by God, I mean what I say—would hang yo'; and sooner or later you'll swing, I mek no donbt o' that. Fayther said you'd oome to th' gallows; ay, many a time he said it 1" " Fayther was not over kind to any of us," said Scarthin, suppressing hia anxiety, " bat Jessop, lad, don't be hard on me; I tell yo 1 the ohap as lies dead yonder was my enemy, a thief who'd gotten my money " " Why, I seed yo' lead him up th' Pass and pnl( bridle of horse right into oleft as was never intended for horse or man; seed you get him to top of precipice; couldn't hear what he said for th' wind, and only that moon come out strong at reight moment I should na have Been you just as sudden put your shoulder to tho horse as was already struggling to keep his foothold; I tell you but for moon I wouldn't have Been you push th' poor beast over and man on his back; and it seemed aa if wind blopped to listen to rush of stones and. cry of rider and thud of horse as they went td th' bottom." 11 You say you saw that, by Gosh!" exolaimed Soarthin, making a step towards Jsssop. " And I followed you round bend of Pas? and seed you riflo the body." " It'B a lie," said So&vthin; ; "go and see for yourself; it's a lie, I say; they'll find money on him in th 1 tnornin' if anybody finds him before me. Every penny, ezoept what he took from me, and " " Tell that to a Castleton jury, tell it to th' Judge at Derby Assize, they'll want to know all about it," said Jessop with a scoffing laugh. " Heaven blind me, but you're bitter on your brother—you always was! Bub what are you going to do about it ?" "I'm not going back to Castleton to tell them you've killed a man; I'm not going to split on yo' 1' "I felt sure you'd Btand by me," said Scarthin with a sigh of relief. " Depends an ciroumatanoes," said Jessop. " What circumstances ?" "If I'm called on to aasever, whioh isna likely, because I'll be out of the country." " How do you mean, lad ?" " I am off, levanting like yonder dead chap i' the Pass, but wi' nobody else's money 'cept my own. When I seed you going up Pass with him so mysterious I was coming to talk to you about that hundred pounds." " Ah! you owe me a hundred pounds," said Scarthin, forgetting the poril of the time in his remembrance of Jessop's money indebted ness to him. He was one of those men who have a tremendous power of concentration, who can give up their minds wholly to the subject of the moment. " Yes, that's so," said Jessop. "And I've a mortgage on yonr mother's cottage and museum; well, brothers should be brothers." " Gie me the mortgage, and don't molest my mother, nor Zodack Bradford, nor my lass, if ever yonder infant grows to be a lass." Boar thin Blythe took from his pooket a bunch of keys, opened a desk, drew forth two doou mentß, and gave them to Jessop. The younger brother opened them. One was a .parchment, deed, the other was'a note of hand; He walked to the fire and dropped them upon the hot' embers, whioh blazed up with them. The wind, that.had .been shaking the door as an angry giant might, now fairly lifted it from its hinges, and with a rush whisked the burning papers up the chimney and scattered them in sparks that rose and fell and pirouetted against the overhanging rprks until they looked like fireflies in an American forest. " And now you want some money for your journey," said Scarthin, who was watching his brother with a tigerish look in his eyes and a orouoh in his wiry back that Jessop did not observe. Indeed the young fellow at the moment was thinking that at least he had done the one good thing he desired for the industri ous little home at Castleton, upon which hitherto he had brought nothing but trouble. " No, Scarthin, I'm not looking for blood money." " Curse yon!" he hissed through his teeth as he leaped upon Jessop, who for a moment was Off his guard, "curse you, I see your game; you've got what you wanted, you'll betray me," the words half-formed coming out in gasps and hisses as he clasped Jessop's throat with his bony fingers. Jessop reeled under the assault, and Searthin pinned him against the hard oak door that happily the wind had partly undone; as it had half-opened one way under pressure it now gave in the other direotion, and the two men fell headlong into the forecourt. The struggle on the- ground was sharp and desperate. In the end Jessop was uppermost. It was fortunate for Soarthin that Jessop did not wear steel caps to bis boots. Perhaps it was well for Jessop, too; who knows? "Coward, thief, may the gallows get yon!" he gasped as he gave the prostrate man a kiok that had nearly avenged the murdered man in the Winnatts. It had only been a question of an unshodden boot as against a pair of steel olips. But the devil takes oare of bis own. Early (he next morning Mr. Soarthin Blythe reported to the polioe the discovery of the dead body of the absconding olerk, and a dying horse that had missed its footing and fallen headlong into the Pass. A considerable sum of money belonging to the bank was found on the dead man, with oertain compromising papers. The hone was ordered to be killed and was shot accordingly, and the dead rider was carried into the Travellers' Best, where an inquest was held. Scarthin Blythe was the chief witness. The body was identified by the widowed mother of the deceased, The bank manager gave evidenoe as to oertain of the moneys belonging to the bank (it bad cost Soarthin a pang to restore the notes and gold he had previously removed), and a verdiot of " Aooidental death" was returned. One of the jurors desired to append " while flying from justice," but the coroner overruled the proposal, and gave his certificate for the burial of the body. Mr. Bcarthin hoped that at least a portion of the money found on the dead body might be handed over to the young man's mother, a9 probably some of it might not belong to the bank. The coroner, however, impounded the money pending instructions from a higher authority than his own. It is understood that it was afierwards surrendered to the bank, and no more was heard of the tragedy beyond its addition to the older and more terrible stories and traditions of the Winnatts. ■ And Soarthiu Blythe continued to prosper and wax rich; while Adser, his niece, nnde the guardianship of Zodaok Bradford, belied the parent stock, on her father's side, by her beauty, her wit, and her honesty—as will be seen hereafter. [to bx continued.] 