^ >«rn«Me«tary Topics. " 7 ADBLMDK, August 29. (From our own Correspondent.i newspaper eonavponoent than is ine making of qnfayt^lilQgigiwheB a part of the duty of the members of Parliament, and a more interesting Ear than a newspaper correspondent, who ;i» liable to; be forned mom^ts notice yr^en-his prevarications are not up to concert pitch. • ; Perhaps the present stability of the Governi tint9k of p.fiissol- • • B f e s t s s f s s t e a ^ i s s g UptqaL A fortnight ago Sir John bowner and the irrepressible Premier prpmls^d the country t a little sgMnforjta'mbiiey, bnt the piomike came to nothing,' and 'last week the Hon. Eben- XUnpr ;W«fd|sW «|fer |ens«v«« tl|e acptisatioQs ol piii. brpther hpnorable, Mr. KirkpatrielL But ^benezer has gone out d date aad f^qot raise a sensation HOW : time yfa* ^hen the House tq'qV hiin hu oinn^ yalaatipn, and whei* the qjeechiBB wa^ a gqod enough ow.mpneyon, Went b^rupjt; H ?fjul4; not stand that sort of ruinous finance. ; THie catalogue of cheerless woe for the past week is about AS follows:— .. - Council,the reading oft he Woman's and $t is Almost certain now ' that women at the next election will be empowered to vote. ; ' . In the Assembly on Thursday lb. Heavy man . waa refused permission to appear at iherbar of :the House and plead for the commutation nf thedeath sentence pi&ssedohthe; murderer Brown. Consequently, William Brown's body now lies mouldering jn the grave. The continuation of- the^ Budget debate in the House of A^^blj 'cbmpleied thegloom in that t^iamber,- -and' aent the ^members home uia state of melancholia. It js reported that one. of the hon. gesnt was subsequently discovered among the monuments in West Terrace cemetery, seeking amid the comparative exhiliration oi the dead some relaxation iafter three days' sitting in the House. On Tuesday the Budget debate was concluded with a general thanksgiving, and a Bpeefch and a half speech were furnished on the Lake Bonney Irrigation Bill, Mr. Ash being cut off in the flower of his eloquence. On Wednesday the Legislative Council met for twenty minutes, and that tired body then adjourned for a week. The amount they received from their, bleeding country for this service would, if made the basis of a calculation, place their abilities at a value of £60 per day, or thereabouts. In the Assembly, Mr. Caldwell, who is the poet of the House, and is liable at odd moments to burst into a perfect freshet of soul if not carefully guarded, introduced a new and startling idea. Mr. Caldwell has a large number of ideas, and most of them will stand publication without dilution, but on Wednesday the strangers gallery was closed to ladies. "The tendency of modern legislation," said the pootical representative of the unpoetical farmers, " was towards leniency and sympathy." At this point some of the members glanced furtively towards the door of the chamber to see whether the ghost of William Brown, deceased, might not put in an appearance and disturb the equanimity of tne speaker with a sepulchral: " Question ? " The ghost did not chirp however, and the member proceeded. He considered that men, guilty of brutal outrages, who were not amenable to other laws should be punished so as to avoid the deterioration of the race by the propagation of descendants with criminal tendencies. ' The House took the bloodthirsty poet very mildly and Mr. Solomon secured the adjournment of the debate to September 19. When Mr. Caldwell had subsided Mr.. Poynton supported the sinking of bores on the West coast on the land grant system, and he backed up his contention with such an array of dry facts, figures, localities, estimates of cost, and other statistical wreckage that some of the members were decidedly in favor of also, sinking parliamentary bores on the closure system. They finally decided to go into committee to consider whether it is desirable that the customs duties on tea, sugar, coffee, cocoa, kerosene, and binder twine should be abolished. 