CHAPTER XLVL A SLEEP-WALKER,! When Wells end the quondam John Boss had exchanged greeting*, and established themselves in the convenient upper loom, etdll held at the disposal ol the detective, eiiin latter personage came promptly to the point. " Yes, Wells," ha said, in reply to the huntsman's greeting, which had been a characteristic mingling of surprise and in terrogation. " les, I'm here yet. 1 have been nere ever since I saw yon' last; and am likely to be here for some time longer; end I've reached a point where I mast have some help from yon, or be a good deal hin dered ; and at a very important point in oar little game, too. No, 1 don't rue it—that way." Weils, who had taken from his pocket a bar of tobacco, and silently proffered it, at whet he recognised as the ena ot Murtagh's speech, now bit off a comfortable •' chew," and replacing it in his pocket, said, with laconic brevity— " WW, what's wantin'7" "I believe yon know, Wells 1 I want | that amethyst button. It will help me im mensely." Weill crossed one Its °™ the other, and chewed his weod in silence for a moment. Then he folded his arms and tamed himself squarely toward Murtagh. "Look here, Mr—Jonrr' Boss, I ain't doubtin' you, I believe you're a iqaare man-; but you're old'business 1—an' your business is ter chop ter the line, as they eay, an' never mind whar the chips. falls. D'ye recollect what I told ye ones afore I" " About the button 7" " Jest so. Wal, I'll tell yer, satin' 'tis you, one time more. I ain't goin' ter hand over that button to anybody, not so long as there's a chance of is hurtin' Since Dserin' I' " Bat, if he's guilty 7" " He ala'tguUcy 1 no more'n I am 1" " And thaVe your ultimatum T" '•It's my—no, sti-eel— termatum 1 Ye| can swear to that 1" Muftagh's face drew down ttfVvery sober length. ' Bat, Wells, don't ysu know that Wiggins will be likely to tell that button story in •ourt? and he suspects you of finding it," "Oh, yeil l'vs heard about that. And you're right about his tellin* the story in court; he's been cousinin' with the prose curia'attorney, and old Oirfcon; and he'll do his dirtiest, don't you forget itl How ever, 1 goes* 1 kin hold my own with Jone Wiggins yit 1" . " Wells," the detective lowered his voice persuasively, *' this is between you and me 1 Nobody elee kaows you have ever seen that bu* ton, eh i except Deerins', of course." '• tit course," assented Weill; Well, now, I'm authorised ; just tell me I what you'd rather have than that button f— | fiva hundred7—a thou't—oat with it." Tom Wel!s got up with a quick spring that j sent the .chair he had vacated tumbling backward with a crash. *• Oonsarn ye 1" he cried. " I s'poae you're doiu' right enough, from your pint of view, but—darn it all I I've a good m.nrt to knock ys down—*nj how I" '-But, Welts, listen." Murtagh got up and caught trim by the " no ons would be the wiser." "Shetnp, can't ye ?" twitching his arm away. "I'm oat of this buBineisI 1 ain't the feller you've took me fur, Mr—and you aiut the man I took yon fur; offerin' bribes! it's time for me tet be goin' I" and he strode toward tbefairway. But a sodden suppressed sound cause 1 him to turn; Murtagh, close at his heels, was shaking with soft l&ngbter;, and, in a moment, had the big huntsman in a muscu lar grip. " I guess ws weren't so very much mis taken in each other, Wells," he raid, draw ing the other back and releasing him, to set right the overturned chair. " Tbe fact i, old fellow, we'vemade up our minds, Mr Baird and I, to let yon into matters a little deeper; bat I cou'd not risk it without try ing your mettle—don't you see 7 Hot that either of ne felt any great uneasiness or doubt. Sit down agsin, man I" and WeliB dropped down Into his place again, only mattering as ke seated himself, in a half aside— " I swan to man 1" "How then, Wells," went on the detec-| tlve, briskly, " time fiiss, and I must be back at my poBt soon, and that post happens to be, at present, Beechwood." ' Hoi" " Yei, air 1 Did you happen to hear that I a certain Mr Holly, distant relative, was a guest up there?" Way—yes." " Well that's me; don't look so astonished Well—Mr Baird has advised me to take you I into f ol confidence, and I'm only tco glad j to do It; and when I am done, I think you'll be quite ready to put that button into m*' keeping, for, Welly," dropping ■ into instant gravity, " 1 hope it will help us to sard« finding oat mora than the truth about Joe Matchin.- Wells, there's been mote than one mmder committed in Pomfret of late; and, I believe, upon my soul, that they were both committed by the same hand. Wei's yon will give me your promise of secrecy, jf not of help 7 ' ' Of secreoy! so help me; of help, too, if it's not against Bruce 13 Bering!" '■ I'll tell yon what I can, and you must judge for yourself. Wells, that good man, Lyeaader Hearing, did not die of haut failure; he was poisoned I" And then, while Walls a&t; beside him, 'ptechless, almost, with thsBhock and em prise, Murtsgh hurriedly related so much of the story as jwas needful; omitting, by tie way, much personal detail, but telling enough to place the case as clearly before Wells as it was in his own mind. " So," Hid Wells, when he had e^hans'xd his surprise and pondered over the sttauge recital," that was why yon mi so interested In St Mark's, ehf Or"at snakes I bat when one comss to think about it, there couldn't a been a batter hidin* place, nor one half so handy. An' to think, no one aver thought ot it but you I And—Miss Warded 1—that'e a pjjrty big pill to ewaller I—but—if the church pan of the business was tine, the zest looks a purty closta ft. Jimmenetty I suppose the. feller was a lay in' in that arbour all the tine she was talkin' over the fence to me t" " Quite likely." " Bat—Cracky! if the light man was in hidin'j in the church first, and up at tha big houH afterward, that lets Bruce Deerin'oat, don't it f" " 1 hopeso," «ild the other, evasively. >i But it does I And them two women ; what doss it all jnepalAhsm letters, and messages, and mee tin's in tbp shrubbery, what do you make ont of that V "Nothing as yet At the worst Kiss Wardell may have ha 1 reason to fear Matchin; these beautiful spirited women sometimes have secrets, and Matchin, so seat her, night and day, may have discovered something—" <• Ham—wall, she's alien been called a gh-flysT {—but thut Trench woman— I" »' wp5i rtw J» wTwwb wWW) wi are bom iatrigucanti, bo called. Bar it a, I hare bsen toM^s very fond of money ; Mlfi W seemB to have known her well; ma; the one not have been bribed to help the other oat t Beeohwooi was -empty, almost, one oosld hide there, and, when things were qaist, or there was danger of discovery, it would be a good point from which to tramp across the country to some of the neighbor ing stations. This is only theory, mind ; but the thing's possible." " What I want to know is this—Do yon think Brace Dear in' had any sort of hand in it J" Mnriagh looked away and bit his lip; then he tnrned back with sudden resolution in his eyes. " Tom Weill," he said earnestly," I believe you're as white a man as God ever made. 1 know I can crust you, aud 1 won't ask yon to trust me, and to give, what yon believe to be, a solemn trust into my charge, without a return in kind 1 I can't say that I am sore of Deering'e innocence, though, by feeling and instinct, 1 am drawn toward him. Bat, Wells, do yon remember when I bade yon good-bye, and asked yon to keep a look oat on Jonas Wiggins? well, I was leaving for good, then; or so I thought. Leaving by the consent of Brace Deering, and at the request of his uncle, who told me that there were reasons why she Dearings must not pursue the case ; and asked me to let it drop, and go away. To leave it—to be worked out by the sheriff," "Good lord J" Wells fairly groaned. •■And—did anyone else—did Bairdknow f" " Baird knew, and Arden, and Bedding,— they all said the old man's health, was at stake, that they did not understand, bat they trusted him, and that he mast have his will," " Bat yon came back t" " At the request of Mr Baird—and Mrs Bearing—and to look into tue poisoning cas?." •' Bat—great scott! Ton are working the other " " Yes, I hare been retained again." " By Brace ? ' " Bo. For Brace—and without bis know ledge—by a friend. Bjn't press me there, Wails." " Well I won't 1 and I won't try to gness either. For Brace, yon said 1" " Ye». For him—in his interest to clear him, to prove his innocenee; noshing less will do. And now — Weiis, about that batlon f " An hour before sunset, "Uncle Holly' came back to Beechwood as he ieft it; sitting, jovial and smiling, bsfore Mr Baird, and behind Lady Jane, whose praises he intermingled with eulogies of the stock farm. Throughout the dinner hour, and iaie that nigat, in the seclusion or his own loom, he examined minutely, and gloale* over, the amethyst butt n, with its tiny, glittering diamond sparks. He was thus engaged when he heard at hie his door—bsfore which he, habitually now, kept a tail screen, except when he looked for a late visit from the doctor—a soft scratching noise, each as might have been produced by a very yoong and timid mouse. Opening the door noiselessly, he saw Dsciior Ware without, in jacket and list elippers, and by a sign was bidden to com9 ont and follow him. " She is going up the etura," he breathed in Mortagn's ear, and the door was softly placed ajar, and the two men moved in Indian file, and with Indian stealth, toward the stairway leading to the mansard. The s Air was enoloBed, and they conld see nothing until they reached the foot; but here they paused and drew back, each with a quick catching ©f the breath. H Jf way np the flight, Sarita, in a long, loose gown of some pale grey stuff, was gliding upward, slowly and stealthily, with her head turned as if fearing observation; but her eyes weie set audstaring, Doctor Felix knew, upon the instant, that she was, beyond doubt, asleep. She carried in her hand a common candle, and, when she had reached the top stair, she put it down upon the landing, and again seemed to listen. After a little she pat her hand upon the door and tried to opsn it, and, when itreeistad her efforts, she waited a moment, standing witn an ear close to the panel. Then, very softly, she rapped, one-™two—'three raps, soft but distinct, and at least a fall half minute apart. There was another moment of waiting, and then, with a sound like asigh, she turned and seated herself upon the upper stair, pushing her back into the dardest corner at the same time. The two walo'iers exchanged inquir ing glances, and withdrew a few steps down the halL " Did you know that door was locked P' whispered Murtagh. «* Yes; I asked Mrs Merton about the keys to-day white yon were gone. I told Uer to lock the attic door, suggesting, as a reason, the tendency of somnambulists to go aloft, and expressing a fear that the woman, should she do so, might expose herself to a eeverecold in that big garret. Of course, &b; yon very wisely suggested, 1 prefaced all this by telling her that in order to study her symptoms more closely, I meant to leave her door open some night, and watch her movements in order the better to understand her case." "I see j how long will ehe be likely .to stay up there t" "Depends entirely upon her former habits. Evidently she has waited up there, at some time, until someone chose to admit her; she may sit there an hour or even more. Wait, I'll take a look." He was back in a moment with his re port. " She is leaning against the wall with her ear toward the panel of the door listen ing. She'll not move just yet." " Then wait here a moment," whispered Murtagh, and he slipped down the hall and around the corner leading toward the newer wing. In a short time he was back again. "Ifs all right," he whispered; "the door is not locked." Ten minuteB passed, then twenty, and then, a few minutes later, the doctor, go ing to reconnoitre at the foot of the stair way, came hastily back and motioned his companion to stand aside. A moment Later Sarita passed them; ehe was walking slowly and with^ head a little advanced as if listening; she had abandoned her candle, leaving it, as they afterwards found, upon the stairs. Slowly she made her way toward the front, until ehe had reached the comer, here she paused with her face in the direction of the room occupied by the young men of the house, then she turned and went, with a somewhat faster move ment, around the corner, down the main hall, and straight on, until she reached the room that had been Lysander Deering's own. B>m ehe pansed-and went through the pantomime looking cautiously around, trying .uc uuor, and carefally opening it, and all with eyes set and unseeing. The room, or suite of room*, which had been Lysander Deering's, had been kept, since bis death—indeed, since he was carried tenderly, in strong aims, out of them and into the secluded ana. airy north-east chamber where his last sigh was drawn—in the most exquisite order, and swept and garnished daily as if the master might at any moment re-enter and take possession again. In the aleove dressing-rootn the toilet table bore their accustomed assortment of brushes, combs, flasks, razor cases, and the other various paraphernalia of a gentle man's toilet; and in the bedroom the curtains were partially drawn, an easy- chair stood in its UBual position before fire-place, with the master's dressing-gown thrown across its back, and a pair of si'k-linei slippers upon the hearth, while upon the little stand, drawn close by the bed's head, stood a dainty water set, a night lamp, a bible and prayer boojc, ko^h bearing sign* of long and familiar use, and in % pleader crystal vase close be side them, a cluster of creamy rosts newly gathered that morning, and placed there, at was her daily habit, by Brenda Deering. Into this roam went Sarita slowly and as silently as any ghost; lost across the thres hold tut paused, tuned btr head from aids to fide, and thai; *ith cptlafc, long, Sliding steps, crosssi the alcovs and ent«ed there, Murtagh pat hi* lipi to hiB aomrnoion's ear: "We can't ki from hare"' he breathed; " are are aafa to follow her 1" Tae doctor nodded, and whispered back: '■ Unless she wakeB." " We must riBk It." They glidsd in through the still open id*tr, and flattened themselves against the wall in a niche just big enough to bold them and formed .by a jotting cabinet, and the comar of tha room nearest tha fire-place, where they conld see the interior of toe alcove, They had hardly placed themselves when the Bieep-walker came oat, moving like one no longer suspici ous or in doubt. She came straight to the door of the ohamoer by which tuer all had entered, and closed it swiftly and silently. Until then the windows, with their half opened curtains, and the light kept dimly burning in the hall without, had rendered things barely visible; but now all was in semi-darkness, and Sar ta'a gray-clad form, the two windows opposite idem, and the bed, standiag midway between the windows and the fire-place near them, were the only things which outlined them selves in toe gloom. Tuen they saw the grey figure move, and heard a qu.ck hissing acd sputtering sound, not lond but distinct. In a moment a tiny flame shot np, then a subdned light fiiied the room. Murtagh caught the doctor's arm in his amazsmeat, and ptared into his fade in-1 qutriugljr, Oould it be that this woman wm asleep f And now they draw closer into the shadow of their niche, and standing there with bated breath, watched, almost doubt ing their own senses, a strange pantomime. Oice or twioe she made the circuit of the ohamber, stopping before one of the windows, and palling down the blind with a quick jerk. There was no water in the carafe, but she went through the panto mime of pouring out a little, and holding it up to the light—setting it down at last untasted. And now they noted in her movements a certain difference or change, and a singular mixture of hesitancy and Bareness. She came to the fire-plaoe next, and they grew almost breathless because of her nearness. Standing beside the easy-shair, she took upthesuhsn dressing gown, shook it out, aud slowly drew it on over the sleeves of the grey robe. Then she movd to the opposite side of the fire plaoe, aud deliberately thrust her feet into the soft slippers, and then for a time she sat in the big chair, half buried in its softness, and Beemed to stare at a dream fire aud to ponder. it seemed an hoar to the two watohers, really it was less than ten minutes, that she sat quite motionless; then she arose, and crossing her hands behind her, began to walk the floor, crossing the chamber, and traversing the length of the dressing room. in the sleeping-room proper, ine smooth inlaid floor was covered, except for a narrow margin next the wails, wuh a soft thick rug, but in the dressing-room, and the batn beyond, the polished floor was bare, except where, before the dress ing-table, and in front of cue low, cushioned window- seat, long, narrow strips of the rich Persian weave were laid. As the slippered feet passed from the chamber ana the soft rug, to the smooth and uncovered floor of the dressing-room., each footstep was distinctly heard, and Doctor Ware etarteiat the sonnd. But Mnrtagh's hand waa upon his arm, and again they stood and counted their own poise beats, while the strange promenader passed up and down, conhuuig herself, alter a time, to tne polished and respon sive fl ;or of the alcove, where each step sounded so clearly that they almost f e&rea; tuey woald be neaid without. Alter a tune the steps became sLover, and finally oarita paused beside a small davenport just inside the alcove and near the winaow cine passed her hand lightly over its closed top, seemed to heeitate, repeated the movement, and gave a quick pull at the handle of the topmoBt ar^wer. i'uen something seemed to disturb her. She moved away a few steps, paused, seemed to listen; and then, going back to the chair betide the fire-place, polled off the dressing-go to, letting it tall from her hands to the floor, dropped toe slippers from her feet, and going to the aoor opened it, and went quickly out, down the nail, and straight to aer ova room. She had not closed the door of the room she had left, and one did not close her own door, but going siraight to her bed laid herself down upon it. As she crossed the threshold of Mr Deermg'e chamber, the two watchers ex changed quick glances, and while Doctor Ware followed her at once, Murcagh lin gered long enough to repmoe tne gown ana suppers, arrange the window shade as it had. been before Narita drew it down, turn off the light, and draw the door shut as he leit the zoom. When hq rejoined Doctor Ware, that votary of science was watching the now motionless woman from his place at the open door. He had taken possession of the Candle Sarila had left in the stairway, and shading its flickering flams with his hand, was watching her by its aid. ab the detective reached his side, Ware placed the can lie in bis hand, sndmotiened him to shade it as he had done. Xhen he crept np to the bed, and leant over the sleeping woman, listening for her Ion breathing. JLn a moment he lifted his head, took the candle from Murtagh, and snuffing out the nearly spent wick, placed it upon a chair beside the bed. Then they went ont, closed the door and turned the key. When the two men were alone in the detective's room, and the usual precau tions attended to, Murtagh turned upon his companion. "That's been too much for me J" he declared, " and I thought I knew a about sleep-walking. Was she Ware F" " Without a doubt!" They were stand ing face to face; Martagh was too much aroused by what he had seen to Hiint- of the ordinary hospitalities, "She could not have played that role if she were Bis tori herself. I never sake the like; such cases are few and few between—but I have read of similar oneB." " But—what was Bhe doing ? I supposed they always repeated themselves in that state—she—99 " Well—P" Ware smiled. " Why, man, she was imitating—some one. " Not a doubt of it, she' was personating LyBander Deering." "No! are you suref" " Sure. The thought struck me when she got herself into the gown and slippers but when she began to pace the floor with her hauds behind her—I happened to know that as a habit of Mr Deering's." "But what—how P-I thonght-pshaw —she could never have done that in her waking moments P" "No, but she may have seen just that I pantomime under some peculiar circum stance, that was strange enough, or strong enough, to make a lasting impression. It has Bellied one question for us or for me I" " What is that f" told^youof them'f"8 thMttr £ootateP8* 1 " 1 remember." dressing-room adjoins yonng Deering a sleeping-room. His bad stands t<s did not hear hie ® footsteps, he heard, least, a travesty of them." Surely. Bo he is not on oighroad to insanity, after all ?" " f never supposed him to ." Ware's tone was dry, almost cynical. It caught Mnrtagh's attention. Shall you enlighten him P" he asked. Instead of replying, the doctor asked a question, " Don't you want to see what the woman will do in the attic t" " By all means!" " Then I won't enlighten Deering, ] would not—in any case—to be frank, II "9®$ U? SPfoe trouble, but I should lita te bm her visit that room onee more. I think I can guarantee that she will' walk again to-morrow night!—that is—if yon' want to pat in another ail night's vigil P" "Doctor," the detective's eyes were studying hi»u narrowly, " do yon mean that yon can influence her, or drag her into that state ?" "Drug her? No. Influence? Weil, it is the mind that does this kind of thing. Sarita has been in an uncomfortable frame of mind during the last twenty-four hours, and this night's ramble was the outcome of it. I think I can keep up this same disturbed mental state,—that is all." " Good heavens! HowP" '• Pardon me. Like yourself, 1 have in my mind, hazy, and half-formed, some ideas so strange that, until they take a less fantastic shape, I dare not give them utterance. I shall try bard to formulate —or disperse them—soon." " Well, I won't question yon, doctor, only—will you* interpret what we have seen to-night ?" 1 " As I can. First, Sarita, for some days, has been in a state of mental anxiety, in part, about herself, but mostly, about an other—matter. This last anxiety to-day became so Btrong as to throw her into the strained, nervous condition which has resulted in what we have just witnessed. Of the instinct which led her to that room to-night I ctu only guess, but it was not, I am almost but*, to personate Mr DBer ing. Tnat was an after matinee, wnich came, 1 think, upon reaching the room, and which drove out, for a time, her first impression." " Well 1" ej aeulafced Murtagh, beginning to look about for a place to sit, *■ L can t quite make yon out; but I'm reasonably convinced of one tiling!" " What is that t" " Tnat Madame Sarita did not go to that room, alone, and at midnight, to-night for the first time.'' (To be Continued.) 