The Peace Preservation Bill. -o- THE SUSPENSION OF MEMBERS. MEETING IN THE SCROOL OF ARTS. SPEECHEIIS BY LABOUR MEMBERS. PROTEST AGAINST THE BILL. A publio meeting, which had been convened by ad~vertleement "for the purpose of pro testing agaieat the action of the Government 'nkforcing the Coercion Act through the Legio lative Asembly, and illegally nependieg laboor members," was held, in the School of Arts, on Tuesday evening last. Alderman R. M'Leod presided. Amongst those occupying -eate on the platform were Messrs. J. Wilkinsan, A. Dawson, George Kerr, and tV. MI. Browne, MM LA., J. and F. Lane, W. MSalkeld, D. T. Keogh, I. Ham, J. Edward, J. fair, and J. P. Smith, and a few ladien. The ball was comfortkbly filled, and about half a 'ozen ohair in the front row were ocopied by ladies. Except for a few interjestions, the -ailoes speakers were given a patient hearing. The CHAarear said be had been deputed by the promoters of the meeting to preside there. at, and he felt great. pleasure in doing co. (BHear, hear.) He hoped that the audience would honeour the various speakere with a good hear. log, The question so be pat before the meet lg wwas n one of great publio lterest--onse which bohuld concern every Queenslsnder. (Hear, hear. and applause.) He would atll upon Mr. Wilkinson to move the first resolution. (Ap 'pla?e.) Mr. J. WIorntson, M.L.A., on rising was greeted with warm applause. He said he ounld. hardly eet that it gave him pleaoureto bethere to perform the duty which devolved 'opon him. It was ratherthereverse. He had never stood on a platform to carry oat a duty whioh was more peinfol tbhno that which he bad then committed to his eharge-to move the fler resolution, which reaid followa :- "' That this meeting of Ipswioh oitisuns desire toemphatioelly and indignantly protest against bshe cotln of the Government and itce sup or tert in forcing the Coeroion Act through the ILgislatlive Aleambly i an uenconstiturional manner." At the cunolusion of the reading of the resolution, loud applause emanated from thegathering. Continuing, Mr. Wilkinson aid it was'no pleasure to any law.abiding oit;en or lover of bie oountry to come before en as esmablage to feind fault with tbhe otions of the Gtovernment. Doubtles there were Iheos in thehball who believed that what the Govern ment had done they had done rightly, (Hear, ber.) Well, they conuld give expression to their opinions if they so desired. However, he, believed that the msjority of the people in thy ball would arree wita the Labour members thit the bil had been foroed upon Qosenelsand \--(Hear, hear)--mod that it had been paussed through Parliament in an unoonselitutiona?l mans., (Hear, bear,andapplmue.) No one ooyld have mooneed him of having opposed the aqorsre In any fotions spirit. He was one of thresof the Iabour members who voted for the ottrotuotion of the bill, beoauas he thought it was 'not right to condemn a measure whioh -e had not esen. (Hear, bhear.l But hbe was u iled, as doubtleess many people iLa selony bad been. He voted for the in. trdnotloi of the bill, as he was willing that all fir meanm shbould be tried forthe putting down of the diseturbenoese and orimes whIhob had.been iso prevalent in the Western distriote. How. evrer, wbhen the bill was introdoned, be foond that he bid been milaed, for it was not by sny neaauoionltedn tupaevaopavr es. lInd?d, a suforoed, it would tend to provoke forther disrbanuse rather than loee it. (Hear, bear.) That beng so, be deemeditto be hble dty, u one of their reprcsentativs, tooppose the bloi of eah a law upon the statute bese of Qeesland. (Appluse.) He opposed the meaners iwith all the power that be could oltfl he' was put down under the etanding eraersn whiob be eld, were earnued for the eeof "gagging.," In order to allow of the ti of the hil paned. (A Volo : "No.") wBas ot cen of of shos who ws evioted fom thmeahaiob I he eaoaped that-(Henar, hearl -hbthalduatolclaim.to be one whitbette~ r thenthesbwho bad been eviatad. Tbheyl went eoetep feorther tha he did, but tbheir eviotion wsptib?O tohe same ane as hbi "rgegng" -4b:.was, to chli etrasnieg of the etauls ed.de i: order o .llow of the bill p --e-l.t Deubtlese mmtofh tmemwmracenldu of aa prevvl eemof the bilt.. Ha ant cay abet be m maldnlnsga~iol to +btltle of tha biflI lndea enlsnha wal haive beenm msled bha thewwpe i wehlohbbad ben given to it by 9thishlr )oditj h'ld -thOppnallouctsts tho wlithbal0. flaec'- .bir.) With eminent eulnthorities, be belleved that the bill nught to take fro .the peoplsie whb lomh th bd enjoyed? sald, mob; then eapPrels tbhet whib , wne.iteudod it should do, is would have the agg.?_ o r vatjaghio h ill-feelin and bitte.r _ses? whfo f no rtuol eLtedst presesnt W4dqJuy..od nights-some opr might cmlltheui~sejyllcgse, huh toa teunmdb tlgm let wT-*l$n 4e tbreatqe eusler the .Slibs .e? bten+lr i prson to steed I-;W otial motbrities who were not to be disputeld in thil _malr, .Profsesor Creeny eammeo p a part o?I heOrect 0Carter thus :--"It copinsm two -t prinoiples. Fiht-That o senahallbe tmpeleond on mere saenoal lgpnds of e. pieon, or for an indefilnse peelod, athe die. ortep or ouprioe of the e exetespower ; but thettenptlsnmaot shall ha blytefled as the mosult of a legal trial pad ootenee, or for the purpomse of keeping n caf?eosdtody, when o.ecemey, an aooseod persen on a definite eherge. Senondlv-Tbhetsegmlastrule, every persnansosed of a clmisll enaose bhall have tbe qaoetlon of hin gualt or innocence deter. mined b freelJury of beis fellow-countrymen, aodeo asa comlone of the Governmeunt." Then they bid Blaokltlroe, who wrote, "Of great Importanoe to the publio Is the preserve. lion of this pesnatl Ubroty, or,ilonue it wvere left in the power ct even the highest egistlate to imprison aIrbitrarily whomever he or his ocarse thoghtepropr, there woenld soon be an end of all other rights and immounities." Tbhose, be believed. were threatened by the passing of the bill. The Government said that the measure was urgently needed, but opinions differed upon tbht point, It was said, with some degree of reaeson, that the Government should be in the beht position to know what means ahold be necenury to quell the dis. torbhoret in the West. Well, we knew what the Government did in 181t, end the dieturb anoses were no greater now than then. Per. bape' few more crimea had bean committed, bot he did not condone them, for he would be glad to see the perpetrators in alatody. But in eonneetelon with the matter the Government bad not exhaested all the means at their disposal, and there wae no ooseelon to put onoh an iniquitos law Ias he was alluding to upon thbe aeta?tebook of Qoeenaland. He had ointed 'ot, in the Legislative Assembly, that in eonectlon with bno bill introdnoed into the House by Sir CbOrles Lilley, many yearn ago, and called the Felons' Apprebension Bill, at a time when there wee a boshranger scare, that when preesore was: brought to bear upen the author its operation was limited to twelve months. It was net until presuenre had been \- brought to bear opon the present Ministry that they allowed a similar lsoeae to be included in the Pesoe Preserveation Bill--on otion whibch proved that they were ashamed that ench a law should remain upon the satonte-bcok. He then went onto deny that the Labour memw ebars nodouned orime, and said that thoey repro bated and dicoleimed any sympathy with it. (Hear, beer.) He oou!d show by his writings and from reports of bin epeeches delivered in 18t) that he had an utter detestation of the means come people purased in order to furh what they considered, to be reforms, (Hear, hear.) He repeated what he bad often stated that the worst enqmies the labon' movement had were thioswho resorted to crimes in order to intimidate their opponents into lomplienoe with their wiehes. But, still, what wia gained by force had to be held by force, If the bill beotme law he believed it would have the efflcot of rather oincreasing than deoreasng crime. (Applanse.) In the time of the old trades nionism1 which was now held up as a pattern to be f llowed ty the labour party, repressive measures were oft. times Introduced in Parlianeot in response to patitioua set in by employers in order to keep men under, ead thus the men were forced into secret societies, and then di albo!loal and detestable actions, which were taken uoder certain measures to god oat certain things, led to an increase in crime. I oeuannctiru with the London dock strike, it would hbe remem bered that the crimes whioh actually arcs out of the strike were as nothing compared with those whbioh ould be aooonated for as a result of the repressive power brought by the Govern meat against the people who were stickiog up for their rights. lucb of the dietcrbavoe here had been due to undoe and enwarranted seterferenoce. We were told that there were 250 pulioe ont in the Western distriote, and that that large force was found m:aeqcute to cnp' with the diathrbaoose there. He nad odesire to deMy the police force, as he believed them to be an t'fiolent body of men--lH.ar, hear) but it was simply a farce to thiak that police. men who bad been all their hIee located in towns could go out and deal with aecomplished bushmen. (lear, hear.) When the Kelly eang stare was at its height, in Victoria, the Government of that olony seet here for the oarvines of an ofioer to assist in the olpture of the busbhrangers. Well, he believed that that man, with twenty five good bushmen with him. would give a beatter aoonot of themselves than the 250 policemen would. (Hear, hear, and applause.) That was one of the moans the Government had at their disposal whinb they had not tried yet. (?pplause ) Be(ore oom. ifog to Parliament with each a coercive mca. aare as the one iC qcestion, whtoh would be reprobated by every freedom.loving British esbject, the Ministry should try every means in their power to meet the emergeooy. He unederstood that an amendmeet wae to be moved, and he hoped that the mover and seconoder of it would be given as patient a hesring as he had been aooorded. (Hesr, hear.) It had been aresaged that the mover of aj amendmentehoald be allowed ten minotee, and the seconder five minutes. He had to move the flret resoltion. (Applause). Mr. J.. Mal seconded the resolution, which, he said, had been ably moved -y their member Mr. Wilkinson. (Mr. Keogh : "Hear, ber.'") Anyone who read the bill with an unbiahseed mind nold come to only one osolarioe-th?at it was not at all neessary until the Govern. meet had ehasosted every other means at their disposat in coping with the diffioolty. (Hear, hear, and applause ) Be had been talking to a friend of bl'-a shipmate who had arrned from the Western districts only yesterday, and be asked him what kind of men these shearers were who were causioag so mucoh disterbanoe out West. and he replied, "They are a fine lot of men." (Hear, hear, and applause,) He (the speaker) repeated his iterrogatioe, asking his friend if that was really his opinion, and there osme the same reply. (Applausnee.) Bioe oming intot the ball he h ad iad be woild bh within tbhe mark in onumbering the shearers and rouos abonte in the Western districts by thoesands and he had been told Ym. Now, these shearers were not eaints and all lawera were not saints. Takes the same number of lawyerse, and as many blaok sheep would be found amongst them uas there wonld be amorgst shearers, (Loud applese.) It would be found that shearers compared pretty well with aIsw yem in regard to being men with bonesst hearts. Take another Sasea of people-take doestor. (Laughter.) Ware they all emints (A Voiles: "TYe.' and another Voioe "Oh. Ies.") Did not doctors renort to eome moat mean sad ontemptible things in order to so~ure a practice Then taks the parorne. cotghter sat spplaus.) Were they all saints f (orias of "No". laughter, and nproar.) Did theybra olike saless? (Odri of "No.") Did they talk like smints on a Sunday t-(Mr. P. Lae-Ironoially-" Yesm.") \--od hold up and prooslim the trash, and lifd up BHim whbom they and all oaght to follow. (Tloesa "Bpeak on the qusetion a" 'We doa't want a eurmon,") The again merchantsa-were they all alntes (Lanbgh. tea.) No. They knew a thing or two about how tocondont bninees perhaps. Wire planters all saints? (Leughtor and a Voice: "They oughtto be,") They had kenaks to do thair work, no that they might be enables to pay the benkiog lstitutison large interest on money expended. Wue beakers all saints? (Ltughter.) BHe goueuted not. They waned teconetreostlg at times - (laughtbr) -and they knew how to re-oaeltruos when they had the Qna??nmid eGornmment behind them. (Lod applaunoe.) He drew the oomparisen simply to show that the vast ncmber of the men out Wat who were tryleg to earn as honest living were branded beseae the easte of, F'bhearer' was attahobed.to them. (Loud. arle of" No, no,"and onater oalla c " ~sa yes.") He deolared that they wr bonest men, although they were hearse. (Hear. hear, and applanuse There weemen smongst then who woald: riseo p and aue illfeeling. qnd brieg diegrar op?n theba oshare nd their oanse, Bt he (the preaker) had so sympathy with crime. The man who it wa pruved had ebi gnlty of t?esoammittal of thseerimee he hphi aensld htie mated nut t -them that nhm nCt whioh' they daserted. (Heard ear. That tould be done iI tha·aw waa fored a approved in?oer.s (Mr, Lloyd Owans "And thepreservation of peo kept.") It moast be acknowledged that some of the men who were sent to the House to reprsent various )nsatitenoies were not trea there a they ought to have been-(Bear, hear)-that wa, by the Government, (Herr, he4, and applause ) The law of Bgland5 of whlob we all boahested, was that every man was sappoeed to be innocent aontl be wuas proved to be gnllhy -(applaase)-but that prinopla was not aoed upon in regard to whet took plaoe in connoo tion with the Pace Preervation Bill. Bome little bit of an idea of the oontente of the bittl was got by the reading of toe local and metro polltan papers, bat on eorotitding the bill clause bl clause it wua fond that ite proviioon were not what they ooghtto be ifthe tibtle was tlken so judge from. Its was jost the reverse, eand he trasted that ito proviciooa woeld never be put into practice. (Hear, bear.) If they were, then greater disturbances would aesar edly be the reaIt. (Hear, hear.) While in Liverpool he remembered a strake of the dockers, when 0.,000 men prosceeded to the Mayor to plsoe their grievances before him. But he would not listen to them, and wired so Manohesater for the military to turn out. If that meo bed tslked to the men in areasonable manner he beliesved that that trouble woeald have been settled far sooner than wa the ease. It wa similar here. If the squeaters or pas, toraliste had met the men ia tair conference, the bill about which there had been seo much talk would not have to be piaced upon the Statute-book. (lear, hear, and applaun .) The CHAtnante asked if aoy person desired to more an amendment to the resolution, and, after waiting for some moments, as nobody offered to take euoh a step, Mr. BBOWN (member for Croydon) rose to aupport the renclution, and he was greeted with prolonged applause. He said that when last there he was helping to secure the return of Mr. Wilkinson-(lear, hear)-and hae party enoceeded. (Mr. Keogh: "Yes.") that result, following on the top of the Towne valle election, gave heart to a great maoy labour men and democrats all over the country. They thougbht that they were gomg to get men in Parliamenot who would forward their inter eats. Those at preseout there were trying to do so, and would do still more in the future. (Applause.) But it appeared from recent eveonte that when tt was thought that has party were gaining a bit of a potns by inoroas ing their numbers the big fellows upset them. The democrats got in, but the btg fellows managed to sling them out without allowang them to open their mouths. The resolution before the meeting reiterated what had been said in nearly every town in the colony wheae there was opposition to the bali,-wh'eh had been foroed through the Rouse in an uncoo. etitutional maneer. (A Vone : "Q seetion.") It that geotleman who oaled oat C Qce4aonu" would come on to the platform, he and his colleagues would debate watlt him an to whetsher it was a qauestionoable malter or not, (Hear, bear, and applause.) That word "question" had keen used a great deal lately. Osrtain people were supposed to represent all the hotins--(Hear, hear)-and the nlor?l-atr l Labour mao was euppoed to have no brain or anythin else. (Lanughter.) Abmit thirt- nine of the Labour porty's opponents sat down in the Chamber. and kept continually sinolng cut " Qoestion I" when be and his colleagues were erlog arguments against the bill. As regarded the bill. be objected to a ooorcive meesure of any kind being passed on the ground thet, in the only unfortunate annoutry where euch an Act had been icflited, it had proved to he tyraunioul and cruel law. (Hear, hear.) The bill weeas totally ounocessary. That would be quoationed, but he gave it as his opinion-an opinion in whiob he was on-. firmed when he was euepended awaiting re construction. (Laughter.). Nineteen ont of every twenty men who were not blinded by perty spirit, he knew, believed that he nnd his colleanees were not in sympathy with crime. (Sear, hear) If they were so low in their moral natures, and if, as lendors of the unions-and he was as proud of being president of the Amalgamated Miners' Assnoiatio?n as he was of being a member of Parliament-they eympathised with orime, then they would be complete assee, for it tr.nt be known that easuch crimes only brought dis credit upon the movement which they were trying to further. If it hod not been for the urimnes committed in the West lately the whole dispute would have been settled ere this He contended tbat the Government bad not ex hbosted all the means ot their dispoesal for the dealing with the distorbers. The Colonial Sooretary-Mr. Tosr--(ories of " Boob i") Oh I he was surprised that, in a town like Ipe. wioh, there ehould be " boot" for Mr. Tezcer. (A Void: " Bond him to Siberia.") Mr. Tesbr was evidently known here. Still be blieovod that Mr. Tczer really fanoied that the bill was necoesary. (Hear, hear.) Like the old folke in the old eouotry, who at one time neused to talk so mouch about ghosts eand burglare that they really ftancied there were gboets and burglars in all parts of their houses, Mr. Tozer had been oootinually talking of insurreotirn, and whet be would do to supprees it till he really came to believe that there was an in. esarreotion afoot, and he was the man who was going to quell it. So be really thought it neoesary to bring in the bill now under re view. He wre sorry that the Attorney-Goneral \--the BoHen. T. J. Brnes-e-hould have put him band to auch a measere. (Hear, hear.) About twelve months ago he listened with pleasure to an eloquent speech whibch Mr. Byrnes de liveored in the Centennial Ball, Brisbane, agaiesl the wrongs of Ireland, and he de. onnned the coercive Acts which had been brought to bear upon that counntry. Now we found that gentleman favouring the introduno. tion of a similar bill in Qaeeneland. What reson did he givefor this ? When Mr. Thomas Glassey-(lood applauese)-in oriticoising the mseasure, referred to this matter, and Mr. Bymrne interjected "that ooercive measurea were not wanted in Ireland" (he gave him eredit for that statement), " bocanse Iishmen were warriors--not asaseesnr." What was the lnferenoe to be drawn, theon Why that Quansnlanders were not warriors, btaesseasine. (Mr. Keogh: "Shame I"' Mr. F. J. Barker, ri. ong from his rest: "I stood up and say that Qesenslanders arenot assassine." Langhter,and ories of "Sit down.") Be said that that wee the only inference which could be drawn from Mr. Byrnee's aotione and remaeke. (Mr. Barker: "We are warriors bere, too.' Grones of "Bit down," "Chock him oUt.") The man who said that Qooeenslander were asesassins uttered a groes ithet upon the oolony. lAp planse.) There had been misrepreseentation ien aide and oatside of Parliament, The Colonial BSeretary had not told direct ntruthsa, bnt there was an old asaing that a half-troth wan wore than a lie, and that applied in thin in. atanne. Hailftrnths had been told to try and mialead the people. Admitting that orimea bhad been committed, the Government had the forces at their disposal to quell them, and there were as good men in the Quaeenslad police force as there were in say other country. There were some good men in the foroe, bat their hbands were tied by a lot of old women who were at the head of them. (A Voice: "Why notreivre the police a vote?') Let Mr. Toner give the ohb police a free band, and my to them, '"Thebra re aeight wool-bsheda bhmedsand I wan the perpetrators of the offenoe brought in in les then a month otherwiae, of with gonr oates, and other men shalL take te plaes." If thin were done there woeld be no more abede bhrned. A few weeks ego the Attorney General, in welcomiong the Sidney Univermilt team of footbales hie, poi?nted oat that the emriome of athtere might be reqaired to pot down theanen who were going agaimtt anoient traditions, and were trying to support a new order of things. War not every reform which htarted an effort to inaugnrate a new order of tbings? From whoat he knew of the athletea of the colony. he did not think that they were the olses of fellows tO be had by any Government for the purpose of trampling upon their fellowmen. (Applause.) Then regard. log that nelebrated manual which had been isnuoed by the Colonial Senretary, it had been obauaterlaed by the Bydney Daily Telrcgrph as " iheo mot bloodhirmny ediot eavr ilesOd en aoivilsedoonutry." (ear, hear.) AgBain, the Premtyor told them that it wan intended to deet nith the people in the Wnt-??hessame wayes jbi and othber vermin were dealt wth,. Voioe: " You arai Ailnterpresing him," ?' Not rse," " Hnr,.: hir.") There head been a great deal of talk' about obstraction, and it bad been asid by the press and by private individnals who gave them credit for opponing the bill that they ohoald simply have entered a vigoroas pro. teat againat it. Be was not of that opinion. I it had been an ordinary meaenre aIt an ordi, nary time, and fotroduooed in the ordinary and regular way, to whiuh they were opposed, then they might have done so, but not o this ina snaooe. at ordinary disesasion upon the bill was not allowed. When it had been before the Honuse for foer b?oan., an attampt wae made to apply the olatare, when the people en the ountry knew notniog abont ube bill. From all parts of the oolony telegrams were coming to bhad seeking information upon the meaunre, and from the places nearer Brsebanse, whmre its contntents were known, wires exprea. sire of strong protest against it were being re oeived. Therefore, the Labour members oon aidered it to be their duty to keep the disaos sion going ntil the people of the colony had an opporronity of givng an exprneson of opinion upon the bell. (Applause.) But theiy were not allowed to do thes, and were told that pool;e opinion should not influaence that Chamber. It would be seen, then, that the people of the colonay had no say in the Govern. meuntof the eun~atry. Many atottot of the preao iln Qaeenaosland had strongly denouned the o0ll. Oat of nine comments extraoted from popor. which appeared in that mormg's Courier only two of them were io favour of tue mesure, th. rest being againt It. I'ho Darlinug Dowens Goazcet and the Border Potauepporto.e oh uu.. (M,. F. Laue : "' Wont aouo the Queenoland Times ?') Yet it was card that the ionUrl was in taveour of the bhit oleno most of te journals were opposed to ar. Mbutmga had teen held all over the country pruoesting against it., Ue hlad received Lne fullowlrg wire from hte own coustituenoauc (troedou):-"ILorge and enthnsisetio meetiug held on datarday, and resolution paseed unaulmooly condomlrug Coeroion Act, and approveng of the ctiaon of the Labour partly. Croydon thanks jou and oour oonleagues for reiseting euno an ioquel:.ue maesure." (Loudapl?use.) S,:milarim i ageo hid arrived teem caorly everytown u Qut, land. He thougl?t that nor onl) t~e rnuuer members, luo the whole of Qiuen?euod, ownu debt of gratitude to Meerae, Power sand Drake for the aotton they had taken en regard to toe bill. (Hoear, hear., eod applaucse.) Io regard to the suspension, if they were no be tarnei out of the Hoosne in the manner they had o:nn ey a powerful Government, then it was an hab eurdity for bhim to ome 2000 miles If hbe Governmeont were going to ?ote in into their neads to uon him out. (Honear, her.) He made the aseortion that be believed a eorcon party was doliberately put into the coair for the purpose of oausing a riot, no that a sufficent number of membera m ght to trnedoutot the House to allow of the Governament getcing the neoessary two-thirds maojority to admit of them applying the oG:ore.. (Hear, bear.) It had been proved so. A man broagot before the Beneh was alwaya asked at he had anything to say belfore sentenae wa passed open bhie, but be a bib oollosagues in the House had been denied euch a privilege. It was eiciply ttated that the, hado done o and. no, ani it wan all n'er. There bad been a lot of talk about the dignity of Parliament being outraged. No doebo it had been, and the dignity of the people bad hern outraged by the way in which some of the members in Parliament had been treated. There had been a lapse of dignity on the part of one middle aged gentleman who behad walked into the Obhamber in bie night clothe;, whioh had been done twioe. That opened up a big quastiae which might have to bh considered in toe near future. There woe a stroag agitation for female seffeage, ned if women got the franchise they might go into Parliament, and then it woeuid be rather awkward for seuch a thing to ocaur. (Lieghter.) He complined because tboeusads of the electors of the co!olny were not represented in Parliament at a critical peRiod on accoaot 9i the enespcnsiore. Two of the sesepended members represented as many electore as twclve of those who voted for the susapension. Tnerefore, many of the electors were deprived of havieg a say in the peeoing of the most infamous law ever ponoseed to be put upon the etatate book of Qeonesland. (Hear, bear.) He had much pleasereispesl eog in espport of the resaolution. (Applanse.) Mr. KE?R (member for Berono) eaid tha, os a man belonging to the mnch-de.p:eed claeess of bhearere end ronuenboate, he was there to lay the ease of the bush workern before the people of Ipawioh. {Bear. hear.) On behlf of the oeh workere he then tendered hearty thanke to the eletoerl of Ipswich for haring sent a repreneentatve to Parliament who was in favcor of freedom for every man. 'IBear, hear, and applaue; aned Mr. Keogh: "And we will send two thbre."I He claimed the right to oppose the bill to the very last extremity. (Appineoa.) With the previous speaker, he could elate that wires bad been received from all paoto of the oontry eondemoieg the passning of each a shameful and infamous measure as the Peace Preoervation Bill. and arging mem. bere to oppose it to the very utmolst. Some members were excosieg themselves from tnkiug any part in nouneotion with the bill on the ground of sickness, and therefore remained away during itse passeeago through the Honse. But the Labour members declared their opposi. tion to the measure, by doing which they were complying with the wish of their constituents. (Applause.) They bad no wieh to pose an martyrse. They had no intention of doing so. Their only desire now wean to pIaon their views before the people. At the time of the 1891 atrike, being an oninterested parey, he looked st the whole question with an nnbiaed mind, and be oname to the ooncluoion that, if the matter had been snbmitted to a conferenoe, there would have been no prolonged struggle. (Hear, bhear.) Neow, three years later, we had the same Coalition Government in power, who bad bnen returned by the inflnenne of the reconstrooted banke--(ear, hear, and applauase)--bhut they had never brought in any measure, wbiob they ought to have done, by which onptal tend labour coald be brought to. gether with a view of the establishmens of a nestter relation between them. There was no need to tell them of the conditions of the bushb workers. With respect to the oomparisone drawn by a previous speaker, he might state that the ehearers would consider themselves abused by being compirod to some lawyere. (Langhter.) When, eighteen ears or soa go,he went ot amongat the bnsh workors, there were a lot of foe, robnst, noble fellows, but now m~ay 'of them wegre being bowed down, owing to the many hardships which they had had to pot up with. No doebt if thse men hadbhad edantant emp!oyment, and bad been in a good position, tshey would be different mea from whas they were to-day. M·py of them only had ten, twelve, or fourteen weaks' work In the year, and they had to earn a muaob doring that time an wonldkeep tsem for the remainder of the twelve months. There were uhousands of men out there who bad not earned more than £20 per annum dening the passt couple o year. A nd these men were branded us oriminat simply for having re. mained tnauoh to their onions. All the ward. robe, toom, that many of these men bhad wea whrbes they had got upon their baokt. (A Voies Thata's their fault."") Many of them had to have the soles tied to their boots, and, were not worth 3d, .Thece were the men who reaited the inlamouns agreemet songht to be prened upon them. They bt-. lieved that they ware fighting for a jt cenee as the agrerment was unfair and unjuat, and they were determined to fght and rMit to the last. When men in that oonditiou would fight against the agreement, we as townsnpeople most come to the oanolusion that there was somesbhing unsfair it the agreement, end that the men should be supported. (Hear, hear.) He denied thatbit wa the dmeir of the naloniste to commiteunh orimea the borning of wool.aheds. But he claimed that there had been persons ,net out West who oUght not to have been asent there by thole in anthbority. Why ahould a Government send oriminals eoat there to the eparselr.l-populated distriote where thaere:sate anoti esoiente pollee to keep ordei T The peeple in the Western townshipe had suffered by the Government throating ouminal upon them. TLhose were the men who ame to ehear the bshearer, and who were omemitting the offencee omplainled of. (Hear, hear.) But the peal honest ehear were es law' abiding, leaJ, and loeanel, thepuepl in sany part of the colony. (Hear; hear.) h?b bad asked for a oonference-theOy had aed the petotaelite for bread, but instead the Govern. meat were going to give them a stone (laugbter)-wers going to give them book abhet. (Laughter, and Rear, hear.) Hie oomplained becauose the Peace Preservatiton Bill provided for the eseding of a magistrate oat to the disturbed distriost, beeanoue he nsid aoch an offoail woauld have supreme power, and become the Ctsr of the Western distriot. As Mr. Wilkinnon had said, the Labour paertyolaimed that every man should be considereo lonooent until be had been proved guilty. Begarding his own easpension, he bad been asnpended simply beoase he interjeoted "Why not gag na allt" (Hear, hear.) He was asked to withdrew that remark. Now, he never made sn assertion without previous consideration, and he oame to the oonclosion that he could not honestlly and ooncientioutsly withdraw his enterjection, as, if be did so, he oonsidered that he would be telling a falsehood. (Hear, hear, and applane.) Therefore he was nus pended. He had no doubt that the eleotere of Baroo woeld endorse hin sation. (Hear, hear, and applause.) Mr. Dawson (member for OChartere Towers) weas greeted with loud applause. He said that for the fitt time in hea ile be had to make the opes o iennion that he had been sent up for a week "*without the option." (Laughter.) He would endeavoar to show what an absardity the enepension had been, He then gave an amueotg sekerch of the proceedinge welch led up to the enepensioo of the eight Laboer mem bure, pontiog out that, when dsocussing the hill in oemmlttee, Meessre. Tozer, Dalrlmple, and others mere allowed to debate in an irrele ruot style, hobut when any of the Labour mem tero attemelted to tonoh on any aede iauoea, or refor to an ton:erjecton, rhay were promptly ceminded by the Chairman that the qeesoeon oefnre the Hauee was not whether tooe bahn. mmleer for ambhooa bad a ted cow ora not (or any othe-r qucotena raised at the tim.), but as to whether oltaue I e?ted parot of the bill, and they munt confione themselves to that. The speaker made Ohlr a kind of refrai in l his urterao?ue, and to?h time he repeated the remark--" Te quosoui before the Houne Is that cue;a eL and port of the bill:'"-laougbter emtcated from tho audlienoea. In no other plaece would i; be faced that the Chairman was to be absoluto monarch of the Honoe. He then we.et on to state that Mr. Stepheua--who eat khoiwn as the Earl of Woolloongabba had been pat in the chair for a purpose, as he had previoasly intimated his deter manateon to put the gag on the Labour mimbnere. The Goveornment, by platieg Mr, Seepheon in that position, had offered a de. liberate itnolt to the members of the Bouse. There were meqin.Parliameot who were com' petent and experleeaed, and who could fihthe position honoerably. Whilst a man bad a perfeot right to be a fool if he wished to be, he had no right to be placed in a poltion of power or nothority wher e abe d exeroise foeotione whioh ebould only be nxeroseia by wine men., (Hear, hear, and applanae.) It was epon that groond that he objecteA to Mr, 5tephene taking the ohair. He wsent on to oontend tbat. whilst the dignite of the House should be up held, and the standing orders ompliecd with br bon. members, it was equally eseenotial that the Chairman should observe the a nding orders, and eshould not be supported by a GPnernment in the breaking of them. (lou, hear, and applause.) Sauch an invasion upon the rights and privileges of the Boune ashould be resisted, even at the ooat of ospenaio0. (lgear, hear.) There was no precedent for tbe sepeaon. sioe, But the questionofitslegalityor illecolity he eoud not tonoh upon, as that would be dealt wth in the early futore. (Applause.) His opinion was that the Government, fnding it utterly impossible to apply the clrG hre and frorce the bill through, had thought ic desirahle to remove some of the members from their position, so that they coiuld gain the end they I bad in view. He and his party regarded the measure as the most iefamouns and iniquitous one that had ever been introdueond in an Au.. trolian Parliament, and therefore they considered it their duty to resist its passage through the Legislative Assembly, and they endeavoored to do so by availing themselves of the privilegeas allowed to members. He might point out that under the bill--if it became law-a special warrant might be issued for the arrest of a man who could, on the strength of the warpaet, be imprisoned and ponished for a certain period, without being allowed to produce evidenoe or cell for a trial. (A Voice: "It's ant fair.") He held that, betore a man was punished, it should be shown by enidenoe, in a Conurt of law, that be was guilty of an offeoce. Holding this view, the Labour members con. sidered it to be their duty to resist to their atmcest any effirt on the part of the Govern ment to destroy that liberty, Tbey were told that the Government had enhausted the means at their oommand for dealing with the dis turbers in the Waest, but he denied this. If it was tree that the Ministry bad exhausted every means at their disposal for the suppression of crime in the West, then they admitted their atter incapacity to hold of~oce. and they should resign in favour of othermen who could tondoot affairs properly. (Applsoe.) If a man were to receive an appointment from a mining manager, and when sent to punch a drill be was to say he couldn't do it, why, be would get "the esok," and another man would be put in his place. Sunobh, then, ohould be done whh a childish Government which could not cope with the dieturbanoes in the West. Tne people should deal with snoh a Government as they deserved to be dealt with. The crimes committed in the West, he admitted, were abominable-(Hear, beera-but if there was anything more abominable, more to be repro bated, more vile, and more detestable, it was the passing of the Peace Preservation Bill by an organised Governmeont in a cieilsleed com monity like Qeesealand. (Applanuse.) He dsnied that tshe bill gave the mahobinery which would be likely to oope effeotually with the offunders. The bill contained the pro visions of three Coercion Aots which had been passed for Ireland; and if we were to learn anything from experioence surely we could learn something from Ireland's experiensces under those abomloable Aok . There the bills had proved absolute failures. (Bear, hear.) In all, eighty.seven Coercion Aots had been paesed for Ireland, and all had failed. He and his oolleagnes felt strongly in connection witb the Aot, beonanse they believed that, rather than be the msanse of preserviecg paces, it would promote disorder and tumult, That had been the experience in Ilelaod. When thbe Government introdned a measure which would allow of the conviotion, imprisonmssent, and pnilabment of a person without a trial be claimed that members had a peefect right to resist its becoming law to the atmost of their power. As had been proved in Ireland, coercive leglsation was not a remedy for the disease which it wes said it had been introdosed to ouare. Be hoped that people would not look upon this smesure with any partisan spirit, but that toey would rise superior to party preajdios and bise, and join hands, as oitisonsin a free country and as mem hers of the British raoe, in protestieg agalnst snob an iniquitous proposal beomiog law in the land. By so doing, ther could show thseir disapproval of the disgr?oeful attitude of the Government, who altimately would fad that, whilst some of the Labour members had been ruled out of order nd suaspended for a week, they themtelves would be ruled outof order by tbs electore, and woald be suspsnded from oioe for the future. (Applase.) 'Thbe Ceanuxu then put the resolution. Nearly all those present pat up their hands io favour of is, and about een or eight against It. It was .d?otred carried ananimonusly amidst loud applase. Mr. M, J. DJa.wa I objeot to your rnling, Mr. ObCarman; the motion was not carried onanimously. Mr. W. aLsxaLo rose to move the second reolution, andat thle ietage very many of those present left the hall The reolaotio~n was as ollows :-' That we, oitiesnl of Iplw Oh in public meeting asuembled, beg to on. gratulate the Labour and Opposition members of the Legisintlve Aseembly on their spleandid oppostion to the Coerioln Act, and teodnr to tbe suspensded members our hearty sympathy with and apprtval ef.therbtgtielo," ,Speak., -dg 'to this resalbtlou, )de; .ikeld said this it was an old prove b.,toqeompar?i a r*r9. odiOus, bat he"srould like, f6 the beunifit of the publio, to draw some oomparisons between esrtain men in this lset stonewalling incident and a previous one. In his ten year' Perlia. mentary experisnoe he had never seen anything more disgrasefal than the uondnes of the Chairman, the acting.Chalrmao, the members of the Mfnisty-amad be would not exclude the Government supporters-in the late soenes in the House. (Appluene.) The speaker then went on to sap that in 1889, when a motion was brought on by the Ministrg to admit of tbhe spending of £1,000.000 on unspeoifled rail. ways, Sir 8, W. Grifith said it was unnoo stltutionalandl a dangeronsmsthodol procedure whioh mstebresllsted, Air. Toser-somepeople oclled him "trathful" Teoot-wau then the champion stonewaller, and Mr. Barlow and Mr. Aneear both took promisnent partse in the stone. waiorngta tics.. Theywould notio that Mr.Toszer and these men now helped to apply the gag." There was not, in his opinion, tbhs slightest necessity for any of the unnocessary, arbitrary. and tyranniosl prooeosinge that had taken place. The Labour members maght get into a majority by.and.bye, and then they would have a very good precedent as an excuse for applying the " gag." He held that the Governmeout moust have been in collasion to sit still end allow the Chairman to give such rulings ae he had done. The prinoipal part of the trouble in the West was owing to a great manyof the shearers being persuaded that the Government were a partisan Govoernment, that tbey were the agents of the Pastorliath' Association, that they were in power to do the bidding of that ,asooiation, and that they (lhe shearers) need expeob no fair play from them. He would ike to point out that neither in the strike of 1891 nor in the present strike had one life or tmb been loht. t'hat was an important matter to remember, when the newspapers pictured and coloored cp things tolook like fots. If the men were the desperadoes they were repre seunted to be, numbers of people would bave b?en killed. A few ebsode--be did not remom bor hbw many-but perhaps aix or seveau- (A Voice: "·Eight")-well, say eighth-boo beea burnt, aud It was believed that they had all hbeen burnt by the ona goog. Imlicot pro. ,loimiug iartiial law beocsueo ight or sxteeu mno were goiog about friog wool.shbade I Quite a nucbor of persons had boea moroere, ii another part of the colony, and she murder ere could not be discovered, but no onn thought of blaming the people round a* out for those murders. Perhaps one or two meou ba commitled the crimes. The ooadnae ot the Goveronment osver the tanodiog orders led hibm to think that they would stick at nothing. A man wan evidently put into theusair eto es pend a few Labour members, so as to reduce the number oan that uide to the neoessary number that would allow of the enforcement of the gag.' Re Wee quite snre that thought. fal persons woald go away from that mienlig wth their minds disabused of the slanders that bad been thrown against the Luboar party, His mind bshad been prsejodioed against them in tie past, bnt he most say that the more he saw of them thbe more he was con. viOnced that they were honest, etraightforward men, who w ahod to do what weas right. (Ap. plaes.) They were not the sohemiog scamps, wishing to destroy everything in the solony, that the press that was roled by the ospitalists watted the people to believe. He felt a deal of sylnpathe with the Labour men and the Opposition in the ourse they had perused. Be was sorry to eo' the names of ei of the members for West Moroton appearing on the diviaionliate during *be Jlte ecrose. Be bo lieved it would put a stain on their names that would stick to them as long as they lived. They should at letoset bhave got up cnod protested. He naotioed that two or three members did set up cnd utter some pro tests against the bill after the Labour meno had left the Chamber; but that did very little good. He frlt proud that the people of Ipe. wiob had rolled up to show their disapproval of the ation of h Governmento. He believed that the people were beginning to asee what kind of a Government they had got. As Mr. Drake had said, the present inocidents were the result of four years ol government without prinoeple, The Government were sepported by plodgebroken memhero, hatd le advise:d them never to return a men at an election who had broken his pledges. He did not rknow that be was concerned shout the bil-(A Vioe: " You might bh.'5)--but he was not geoing to siteilently by and see the working men handed nesr to one men to lock them up at pleasure. He was sore that the Government could have ended the trouble very easily. Certainly he was against men who would et fire to the grase and intimidate other persons, but he wanted to see their offene?s fouend oaut, and hae them punished when it was proved that they were guillty. He was glad to see so many there to support the men that he telieved were Illegally thrown ont ofParliament. (fpp'aosnee.) Alderman D. T. KBeOna said that he felc grieved for the position the country oconpied at the present moment. (Hear, hear.) Be believed that, so far as IpswRich was concerned, the people might be placed in a better position to know the provisonse of the bill than any other town ino the colony, beoobhe they had twe jouronsl, one of them representing capital ists, and dishing up all that was necessary for thst seotion of the oommunity-(applasee) and the other a liberal newsspaper bthat ex. pressed the views and opinions of the majority of Qseenslanders. (Applasee.) There might be some people who had taken their one from either of these juctreals, and there might be some who bsd taken their own views spon the sobject. se wonid like, bhow. ever, to reset everyone to a speech delivered on the subjeot by the late Otief Jastio, in the Coenteunnil Hall, a few oghts ago. (Hear, hear.) In his opinion the ex Chief Joaustios dealts traightforwardlp with each olanse of the bill. He belioeved it was right that Irishmen should think about this ball. The fast waee,jehs bad been born, bred, reared and wrappd op in the folds of coarcion for the last one hndred years. (Applanse.) It be arns to thea second natura. That wao ll fortsnatd, and they did not wieh to ase bad laws introduced into a yonog colosy like this. (~Applaue.) Why should Qaereaessland take the anitmative in this matter! Were not other colooiss in as bad a state as we were (A. Voies: " Worose.") Was not the present law sefficient to cope with the disesse? Why should they allow tshe tatnt.bork to be allied by sanoh an infamous bill! (Applause.) A friend of his said something to him, the other day, to the effect that be did not like coeroior, buot that the ohiokeas were now coomiog home to roost to thoset who had favoured it, He heliered that the present bill, therefore, weold he the means of oementing the frlsadsbhip that hbould exist between alil seetions of the British Pmmuonty. (Applase.) The bill had not geot its proper name. It had been filohbed from Irish Coeroisve ote, aod why not saIl it the srcoond ediclonof shese Anta L (Applanse.) That would have ihean more apropos than the pressnt name. Ireald for tne laest hundred years had been in th tthroes of reolailos, and thbessacstas were brought in to try and brang so pauce. Bad they denssol No Look haok, and they would see athat for the last fifty yeanrs her popalation bad gooes down from9,00,000 to aboot 4.000,00. w bhere had thepeople gone They bad ead to lce besaneas of baid laws hadly adminiaterod. They were trying to make homes 'ao ouign lands, as they were desied that privilege at home. Were thsy, stben, to have here a bill of that desorptibo, whiob had ever Apse ary good in thp phoe it originated from ?' [Mr. B. Gally here rose from othe body of the ball and osid: *,Mr. Chairman, the ¶oestion is that olause I seed part of the bill.' Launghter.] Be woold be sorry ,o any that the presenst Goveanmseat wiere orraps5 but perhaps when they left the Treseary brsohes other gentlemes would lake their places not quite so boaouable, and the Aot might then be used wrongly. The meesare sould be made to operate against theniseles. ae would show them how. He believed that the "scabs" and free labosrers were tbshe Oans of the trouble ot West. (Apploaus.) Bow asy would it be, then, for the opposite party, if they got into power, to hase thause me r. rested noder the eateorlty of thbe bhaill, ad plae? in dateas wile,. That could be done Ia one moanth. It woeld be the eqsatter, sis, hio woulnd have to eope to the ounions with betl ha....J,..pplhase.3 Thrs wasjta porssilty eof b?'elll itt heaom~dg laSl iUolt~ ehuCt-6[?el "h?o su P~ere-/?hh tentsemena of tae Upper . o, ielh& lords of areatiot? (langbter) hbeyhbadamngthos Pesre two or three lpsiuh mes, and they might put saome ' palliative" on it, and ot allow it to pass. The Government should saver bars attempted to instiet each an intamons measure pen tshe people of Quoesnlud. (Applause.) The resolation was then put and tarred noalmoosly, with oolamation, she andienos y thlis time having greatly dwindled down fromwib'oregisal neumbrs. Mr..Ilao Hae proposed a vote of tbhanke to the bChairmn. This was seoonded by Mr. WtKsInsoN, and oearried with aolaramtion. Theb C?nAInAn suitably responded. Three obehrs were then given for the Labour party and three more for thes" 'ladr members," when the proosedings qaietly termmsaeted. Mr. Matthew Boeid. M.L.A. for Toowong, who has been snspenadedt for a weqk from the services of the House, addressed a crowded meeting of his constituents at Paddington on Monday evening last. He was aoeorded a splendid reception, and, duriog his address, le ntmated that, in all probability, the matter of the soepension of the Labour soembero woold be brought before the Supreme Court. The followig proposition was carried nanimooely, -" That this meeting condemns the Govern ment for their unaoonstitutional otion in forming the Coermon Bill through Parliament by gagging the people's representativee." At a later stage of the proceedings it was resolved, amid cheero,- "That this meeting aepresses rts fullest confideoce in their representatire, Mr. Beid, for his action in opposing the Coeorion Bill." 