TUESDAY'S BUSINESS. The Legislative Council ib on tliu warpath. Tlie medicine men having been consulted they have bleaBed the onterpriee, and now, bedecked with warpaint and with spears sharpened, the braves of the Upper House are ready to go forth to war. Momentarily, however, they are waiting to Bee whether the Government can make terms "with the occupants of the rival oamp. The Council braveB want to possess the territory known as the Par liamentary Library, formerly ocoupied as a j camping-place by the members of the House of Assembly. Some time ago the Ohief Secretary promised that the Government I would ask the Assembly if they would cede j the room, but the all-important question has not yet been put. On Tuesday the Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin asked that the Assembly might be immediately paoitioally approached. In every tribe, however, there are young bloodB who cannot easily be restrained, and the Hon. Dr. Magarey rose on Tuesday and said h did not see any need to ask the Assembly for the room. "Let us take the room and see what they will do. They oould not turn us out." The militant dootor's remarks were oheered by other youug braves, but older heads counselled pacific measures. The Hon. J. J. Duncan, however, said—If the Government will not do anything I will throw in iny lot with Dr. Magarey, take the end of a table and carry it upstairs^. The | Hon; F. Basedow—If it oomes to eimemes, Mr. President, will you lead us? No answer wnB vouchsafed, and the question was allowed to drop, the understanding being that the Government will immediately ask the As sembly to agree to have the library shifted to the upstairs and uuused smoking-room in the j new building, so that the old Assembly Chamber may be used as a meeting-place by the Council. If they do not, then let them look out for squalls. The ruling the President had to give witl j regard to the Lioenaed Victuallers Bill | was looked forward to with interest. He ruled that the fact that one clause proposed to alter imposts did not prevent the introduction of the Bill into tho Council, as theolause might be struok out and reinserted by the Assembly. That had been the praotioe, but he suggested that there might be a definite standing order on the point. The Hon. IS. Ward, without going the length of disputing the ruling, wanted a week to oonsider it, but the Chief Secretary said it was clear as a bell, and Mr. Ward withdrew. Then he went on with his speech on the second reading. The Bill, he said, was the work of faddists, and is suoh unpractical. It libelled and traduced theoolony. The moral advance ment of the community could not be enforced by imperative and tyrannical legislation. The Hon Dr. Magarey stoutly defended the measure. The time bad gone by when the term faddists was regarded as one of oppro brium. He did not mind. Besides he was not a faddist, because he did not advocate one thing in season and out of season, but when such a measure nv this did come forward he would support it for all he woe worth. After tbe Hon. W. A. Robinson bad promised quali fied support the discussion was adjourned until to-day. The schedules of the Lake Bosney Bill were passed. The remainder of tbe afternoon and even ing was spent in advancing the Factories Bill in Committee. Numerous points were raised by opponents of the measure. Most d iscussion ocaurred aver the definitione of young persons and ohildreo. Ineffectual attempts were made to reduce tbe ages. A heated passage occurred between the Hons. J. Darling and G. McGregor. The former inoidentally deplored the letter's laok of veneratioD, and eaid that on a certain oooasion Mr. McGregor said, " If the old men wont do what we tell them pub them in the creek." Mr. MoGregor indignantly repudiated. The Hon. J. Darling—I oan prove it. The Hon. G. McGregor—1 defy you to. I am not in the habit of getting so heated that I would so far forget myself. The Hon. J. Darling—I will prove it at the right time. I have four reliable witnesses. Again the same touchy Scotchmen met each other on a narrow path, and neither would give way. Mr. Darling characterized newspaper selling as dishonourable compared with workiug at a trade iu a proper factory, but Mr. McGregor warmly defended the news paper boys. Very few amendments were made, and perhapB tbe most important was to clause 3. Instead of one-third of the rate payers being able, by signing a petition, to bring their district under the Aot, there must be a majority upon a vote being taken in the district. Clause 11 was passed, when the Council at 10 o'olock adjourned. The preliminary business in the Assembly oooupied a quarter of an hour. Mr. Handy side oomplained of the abbreviated "Han sard report of Friday's sitting, Mr. Batahelor gave notice of a motion for naturalizingCaram, tbe clever native of Asia Minor, Mr. Griffiths enquired about the registration of Northern Territory titles, Mr. Solomon gave notice of another attempt to refer the Clarendon woir contract to a Select Committee, and tbe Minister of Education obtained leave to intro duce a Bill relating to the frozen meat and other industries. Mr. Reeves, Minister for Labour, Nets Zealand, and Mr. Scamtnell, ol Exeter, England, were visitors during the afternoon. Tne Pastoral Bill in Committee was taken up on sobedule A at the third line, wbioh repealed part of clause 44 of the Act of 1893. Below we give a report of the progress made with the Bill. In tbe belief that that might be the last opportunity to ventilate grievances, members spent three hours and a quarter on tbe motion to go into Supply. In the Standing Orders awaiting approval a oheok 10 provided against the abuse of privilege of talking on this motion, but it would take a speoial session to paBS those orders. The unpre cedented proceeding on Tuesday is warrant for an amendment in tbe present rule. Mr. Ash and Mr. Cook wanted an appointment on the South-Eastern Land Board filled. Mr. Grainger asked for a Ministerial statement about the disputed boundary. Mr. Caldwell protested against legislating in the dark. Mr. MoDonald brought up the "main" question in oonnection with the Happy Valley Water works. Mr. Prioe revived the unemployed problem in gloomy colours, and the Hon. J. H. Howe echoed the senti ments of Mr. Asb, Mr. McDonald, and Mr. Grainger. Mr. Lacdeeer also eohoed. The Premier quoted Dr. Watts about little birds that in their neats agree for tho benefit of Mr. Solomon and Mr. Grainger, who lately appeared disposed towards strife. The Ministry would avoid unnecessary ex penditure' on the boundary dispute. (Mr. MoPherson—'' Oh.") The Government would not spend money merely to find work "for tbe unemployed. He gave Bupplomsntary infor mation as to tbe Happy Valley mains. Mr. McPherson, supporting Mr. Solomon, eaid there was worse than nigger-driving going on at Happy Valley Works. The Premier pro tested against unjust charges. Let them be defined and enquiry would be made. The South- Eastern Land Board appointment would be made this month. Mr. Poynton urged upon the Government the "nooesBity of finding a public works polioy. Mr. Giles would rather give the disputed land to Viotoria than go to law. He ennuired about a defaulting railway servant. Mr. Solomon j called up the ghosts of litigation in which the Government suffered to warn members againet I prosecuting a case against Victoria. The Happy Valley Works woula nob he oompleted within 20 per cent, of the estimate. The Hon. A. Oatt emphasized tbeneoossity for providing adequate mains from the Happy Valley reservoir. Water at Cd. per 1,000 gallons would Say the Government and tbo orchardist andsomely. Mr. MoPherson put in a plea for the reprieve of tho South-Eastern Drainage Bill. He repeated that a system of tyranny was being praotieed at Happy Valley. Mr. Gilbert thought that a Select Com mittee should investigate the charge. Mr. Arohibald referred to the water supply at the Semaphore. Mr, Moule, Mr. Bstchelor, Mr. Wood, Mr. Ooneybser, and Mr. Bartlett filled up the time to 10.40. Mr. Bartlett's speech was oharaoteristio. He relapsed into slang. He " slanged" tho working man, abused the Government, travelled from Dan to Beershebs, and announced that he was sick of Parliament, for he could no longer do good in it. Incidentally Mr. B&rtlett;'e buf foonery amused the House. To the Premier's intense relief Mr. Bartlett, after speaking half an hour, out his remarks short, and the Estimates were taken in hand. Consideration of the Estimates was re newed on the vote for Eire Brigades, the efficiency of which was generously testified to. Mr. Moule and Mr. Caldwell, however, dis approved of a oonoession of duty upon the new engine. After passing the item the Committee went on to the Crown Lands Departmonfe, and the first discussion was on date planting. Mr. Homburg urged that the plantationeehould beproperly maintained. For the National Park Curator Mr. McDonald asked that the residence of the nurserymen at Belair be handed over, but Mr. Price and the Com missioner objected to the abolition of the nursery. The rest of the items for the de partment was carried in about two minutes, so that full atonement was made for the loss of time. Progress was reported, and the Committee had leave to sit again the next day. The Rural Industries Bill having been in troduced a masnaore of the innocents took pisoe, the South-Eastern Drainage, and the Wow Wow, and Koppermanna Railway Bills being read and disoharged. The House rose at 11.10. 