SPIRITUAL! SM OF THE PRESENT DAY, ' '(BY SAMUEL T. ICNAGGS, M.D.)' III. Irt' 3s unfortunate for tho "spiritualists that over and over again celebrated and trusted mediums, who really in some re spects call to mind the montanist aud gnostic seers of the second century, are either proved in courts of law to be fraudu lent impostors, or, in sheer weariness, as it would soem, of the honest dupes who swear by them, to spontaneously confess their long-coutiDUcd iniquities. Thus, tho Fox women in New York con fessed that their actions which inaugurated, fostered, and promulgated the spiritual re ligion wero the outcome of trickery and fraud. But revelations of this nature cause no dismay amongst votaries of the belief. They argue that mediums and such spirits as they may summon may acquire such humane principles as produce a tendency to an obliquity of views regarding right and wrong. They glory in this proposition, and triumphantly inquire: "How does the oc currence of occasional impostures disprove tho genuine nature of spiritual manifesta tions?" They cite, as a decisive argument, that impostures and base imitations in themselves aro the best proofs tbat could bo afforded as to the authenticity of tho manifestations upon which are founded the basis of their belief. Tho problem which now presents itself for solution may bo thus expressed: "Must tho wholo of tho spiritualistic movement, with its long-continued existence, its nu merous adepts throughout tho world, its score or so of newspapers, its names even of men not unknown to science — Wallace, Crookes, and Do Morgan, for instance—be taken merely as a gigantic hoax, and no thing more?" Tho solution of such a problem involves not only an inquiry into tbo subject of spiritualism aud spiritual manifestations alone, but also an exhaustive study of thoso idiosyncracies of national life, human na ture, and human mind, that result in thoso collective emotions and sensations which tend to produce such results as in time past illuminated ages, marked epochs in the lives of nations, and stamped history with characteristic records. Thus wo have not only to consider spiri tualism as an isolated identity in itself, but also as a singlo item in a whole scries of phenomena, undergoing evolution during past and present ages, and being tho out come of some characteristic or characteris tics involving the philosophy, physiology, aud, possibly, pathology, of human nature, human mind, aud human existence during their sojourn ou this planetary sphere. It may, therefore, be interesting to give a hurried and passing glauce at some of tho crazes, fads, and delusions which have from time to time swept over communities, coun tries, and nations. In reviewing the history of nations, we find that, like individuals, they have their whims and peculiarities, their seasons of excitement and recklessness, which may either become harmlessly exhausted or lead up to disastrous consequences. Wo find that wholo communities become suddenly absorbed in one object, aud, devoid of rea son, with impetuosity follow iu its pur suit. Millions of people become suddenly impressed with some very palpable delu sion, pursue it to its death, or having wearied of it, discard it for another inoro novel or fascinating folly. We see ono nation suddenly seized with' a desire for military glory, another as sud denly become crazed about a religious scruple, and neither of them regain their senses until overwhelmed with disaster, devastation, bloodshed, and misery. Iu the early age of Europe its population became demented about the sepulchre of our Lord; in another age it became insane from fear of the devil, and caused tho sacrifice of thousands of lives to tho delu sion of witchcraft. Then again, the many became idiotic concerning tho philosopher's stone, which was to transmute all metals into gold, and in pursuit of this ignis fa- tuus committed the most extraordinary fol lies. The slow poisoning of an enemy was oneo considered a laudable undertaking. Thoso who would shudder and shrink from stabbing a man would drug him to death without scruple. Fair ladies of gentle birth caught tho contagion of murder, and under their auspices it became popular and fashionable to poison. Seme delusions, though notoriously palp able to all the world, have subsisted for ages, and flourish as widely among civilised ami polished notions as among the early barbarians with whom they originated — such as the belief in ghosts, goblins, haun ted houses, omens, ami the divination of the future, all or which seem to defy tho progress of knowledge to eradicate them entirely from tho popular mind. Other de lusions or fashionable crazes need only be mentioned. The Mississippi scheme in France and the South Sea Bubble in Eug- laud, both occurring about the same period; the tulip mania, the magnetism's, the extra ordinary proceedings of Mesmor, liis fol lowers. and his imitators; the various waves of religious revivals, the extraordin ary aesthetic movement so happily extin guished by the witty satire of Gilbert and .Sullivan in "Ratience," finally concluding with the present period of Nihilists aud Anarchists, with their insane and purpose less homicidal proceedings. Ail these va garies of the human race, so varied in their character, and so paradoxical iu their motives, form a study uf surpassing inter est, and collectively open up an intellec tual pursuit worthy of a careful research, and giving a key to individual crazes. Aud especially with reference to Lke solu tion of the spiritual phenomena. Can they be explained hy any reasonable hypothesis? Can their inconsistencies bo reconciled? Can a feasible solution be arrived at with out the imputation of fraud, unworthy mo tives, or allegations of mental incapacity? "New York Herald." October 21, 1SSS; also, "Report of the cyhcrt Cofiimisslon," Philadelphia, Hj-7. 