'TRUTH' THH1KS, That, as a hanging colony, Victoria is taking the lead. That the New South Wales cricketers will wallop the visiting team. That Mr. Vamey ParkeB1 resignation cute the throat of the Public Work* Committee. That the hostility between Heesro. Reid and Wise ia not cured, but «nly patched up pro tern, That ninety per cent, of tbe new M's.V. are ?developing into dumb-dogs and voting machines. That the fuller details of the Wairapara wreck reveal a strange mixture of hcrtism and inhumanity. That, in spite of the promised retrenchment, Ministers are making their share of new appointments. That Senior-Serjeant Collins deserves official recognition for hia arrest of an alleged gang ef burglars. That Mi. Godfrey's feet were treated at a quarter past four, and have remained at that chronological angle ever since. That the Minister of Justice will be ill' adviBed if he introduces a Compulsory Arbitration Act for the settlement 01 Irade diivuteB. That it iB ft diBgrace to the colony that, witfa a National Debt of sixty-millions, it has io- many inhabitants Btarviogthrough scarcity of employment. That Mr. Greene's effacement by the verdict of the Elections and Qualifications Com* xnlttee ia anything but palatable to the lireufell electors. That the daily paperi, which boomed the Mount Huiley mine, should notice the fact that the promoter is now in the bankruptcy Court. TChat by the retirement of Inspector Webber, the Animals' Protection Society loaes a zealous ana courteous officer, and the dumb animals a good friend. That Mrs. Beiant, in claiming leniency for imposters who humbug and delude the public, is evidently throwing herself optn the mercy oE the Court. That the Russian poor might well turn Nihilist* after seeing a million poondB* worth of orders, crowns and medals placed on the late Czar's cofiin. That Mr. Carrnthera' presence on the Direc torate of tbe Australian Widows' Life Assurance Society sh*uld infuse more life and equity into the Company. That Governor Buff's announcement that Gnat Britain is getting more and mere desirous of conciliating the coloniei, is a case of ' adding insult to injury.' Shat the Legislative Council in Wectralia \- has taken a leaf out of our Council's bosk, and is equally bent on marring the prospect* of that premising colony. That Mr. Lewis, the Chief Electoral Officer, is one of the hardest-worked officer* in the Civil Service, and llr. Malted, of the Charitable Institutions, is another. That the .forthcoming Conference of the Australian Premier* at Hobart, in order to discuss Federation, is to be an exhibition of more 'gai'and 'oily gammon.' That the proposal to Btop barristers from pleading before their judicial sires miebt, with greater reason, be made to extend to attorneys and stipendiary magistrates. That Mr. WiUard's loss of his seat in Parlia ment is to be regretted, as he gave evidence of individuality and intelligence beyond the average of colonial JTS.L.A. Ifhat the reasons which prompted the two young Germans to suicide have not yet beea.dlcited, but will probably be revealed Juy tfcailntelligence to arrive with the next Uerman mail. flhat a certain smut-scented scribe at Bathuiut, who dotes on loyalty, law, and landladies, i* evidently annoyed at this journal's refusal to give him suppleinen r tary employment. i'That the appointment of Mr. Piddington to -'' lepretent the Crown at one of the Assize , Courts is due mainly to that gentleman's Dwn merits, but imperceptibly to 1'ree . trade influence also. ^Tiiat tile Emperor of China has cause to '- bitterly repent bis cancellation of the proposals which Li linn? Chang made to the Great Powers to modia'.u ueiwaea the two belligerent natious. ;3ha.t steps are ueiag taken to induce Alder ''' man Lees to withdraw from the Mayoral contest, an the Clique think he i- not a strong enough candidate to bring against Alderman ii. Harris, M.P. 'STbut the retrenchment initiated by the attorney-General will probably make hint ? rery unpopular with thoBO leeches whs are in the habit of knocking inordinate pro fessional fees out of Crown prosecution!. frhsi the Elections and Qualifications Committee, arid the Public Work? Committee are both doomed. The former body Mted conscientiously, but the latter have always been a gang of political . pirates. ?.?—?- '- l^Thst Mr*. Beiant's defence of Spiritualism -? highly amusing. Her allusions to race Was reporters imply that persons accustomed to an atmosphere of 'dead 'an' are yet incapable ?£ detecting 01 appreciating ghoste. {That the ' Constant Beader ' in Monday's 11 Star,' who attempted to ?- boom an undertaker for aiding the victims of the ^ late Bailway collision, must have queer notions ef what constitutes ordinary and extraordinary humanity. JTbat it is perplexing to discover what '- Friday's 'Evening News' meanBin its report of a fatal accident at Taree, by observing ' Nothing terittu wat expected to result from it until the tale of the ftot and it bled very much rwollen?' {[hat the sincerity of colonial politicians has . been roughly shown up by Mr B. B. Wise, ??who reports that men who warned him at the General Election that Mr Reid would trick and dupe his Patty are now the Premier's stauncbest supporters. Jhat Judge Backhouse's direction to the jury . to acquit the prisoner, Cronin, was a reflec tion on the Crown Law authorities who prosecuted the accused for the theft of his own goods, bought by him from the .' registered holder of a Bill of Sale. . Jbat already many a. man and woman has cauiie to Mess the author of tbe First Offenders' Probation Act, the humane .provisions of which will reform more criminals than all the gaols that ever Mtb, 