RICHMOND CITY BOWING- CLUB. On Taesday evening the Richmond City Rowing Cub held ite annual mining at Fred. Warren's Station Hotel, Swan-street. Cr E. White presided, and Ors Nathan and Charman *|3re present. An apology was received froin 1 Grliott ; The annual report was read by tke hon. (Mr O. R. Syle) , and instanced the excellent work done by Hie dub during the put year. The credit of the club had been sustained by those members who had taken part in the mtpr-cjnb contests, and the patronage granted to the club by the citizens of RichnionS had been of a most marked diarabter, and the committee desired, to, plaice upon recbrd their appreciation of this lopt. The balance-sheet, brought forward by the treasurer (Mr J. M. Barr), showed that the members' subscriptions had not 1 been paid with that readiness: and regularity that should bi in a,,dob of thiB kind, and ii was with view of meeting the requirements of the time, a deduction should be made in the annual subscription, which will, in future, be 10s 6d instead of £1 Is. Other matters referred to in the hon. see'e. report were the presentation of trophies by Messrs G.' H. Bennett, M.L.A., the Mayor (Cr C. J. Jago), and Cr E. White, for which the dub expresse j its thante. Special commendation was also giyen to the sterling efforts of Mr J. Mitchel! as captain .and Mr F. Warren as trsiner. i After the adoption of the report and balance-sheet; the election ofofitcers was proceeded with M.r 6. H. Bennett was elected president, aud the vice-presidents and patrons of last year re-elected. Mr C. R. Syle wa3,re-elected hon. sec. and Mr J. M. Barr hon. treasnrer. Captain, Mr J. Mitchell; viee-captain, Mr G. Howarth. Oommittee—•Messrs F. Tempany, F. Warren, G. Howarth, J. Allien, and Cr H. Charman. Audi- tors, Messrs Warren and Howarth, Ten new members were elected. At the conclusion of the business, Mr F. Warren, in an appropriate speech, presented to Cr E. White, on behalf of the club, a handsomely-framed photograph of the winners of the Junior Four at the Upper Yarra Regatta during the past season. The members of the four were J. Hughes (stroke), P. O'Loghlen (No. 3), C. R. Kyle (No, ?), H. McAllan (bow), W. Peace (stroke), Cr White expressed his surprise and pleasure at tha gift, and appropriately referred to his pleasant connection with the cl$b, which he would be prepared at all times to assist as far as lay in his power. At the cloBe of the meeting the members partook of a glass of wine with Cr White. " Jobson made quite a bit when he made his firstappearance on the stage." " What was his part T" " The ghost in Hamlet. H« appeared five minutes sihead of time, and the effect of Haiplet was very fine," Druggist—"Tee, madam, I remember very well your buying a s£amp." Lady— M Well, I put it on a very important letter and posted it. It hap not been received. I want you to understand th£)i I §haU boy of stamps elsewhere iC this oooim a^ua," 