BUDDHISM IN CHINA. (" Sunday at Home.") Temples are built on bills, and trees are planted around them. The wind whistling through the pines gives out a sound which Buddhists say is praise to Buddha's law. They think the same of the sound made by water flowing down a rocky channel; the resident priests like to watch the foaming flood rushing past. This, too, is music in praise of Buddha, and it is shown with pride to visitors. Each temple has its own revenues. Land was left formerly to each monastery to maintain it. Near Pekin, one—the richest I have heard of—has about £2,000 a year as a revenue from land. The situation of many temples is most charming. Solitude, beautiful icenery, a mountain brook, are sought for. Trees are planted in abundance, especially such ac are productive of fruit suitable for market, materials used in dyeing, or flowers employed in the manufacture of perfumes. The monks grow tea and medicinal plants. They have lay brothers in their monasteries to attend to these things, and prepare produce for the market. To attract visitors it is also necessary to cultivate flowers, which are placed iu the temple courts. Goldfish are kept in ponds, and this is considered especially appropriate, because it is meritorious to save the life of animals. In large monasteries among hills, water is conveyed by bamboo pipes from a natural spring or mountain stream to those parts of the monaste y where it is required. In the rooms occupied by the abbot and his chief assistants are found many elegant ornaments. Budduism has a doctrine of good luck, and it encourages the use of the Tooji, a kind of carved 6ceptre, which, it placed on a table, keeps away uncanny beings, such as ghosts and demons. It is made of jade, or of some carved wood or bronze. Vases, large and small, are much used. Tables and boxes of dark and light colored wood are liked in some parts of the country. Chess-boards and check-pattern furniture are made of these woods. In some of their furniture bone and ivory ornamental lines ere inserted. In fact, all the usual specimens ol Chinese and Japanese cabinet work are to be found in the monasteries of the Buddhists. Their temples are a refuge for many valuable antiques, which are under the care of the priests, and at the same time are accessible to the public. Painting and sculpture owe much in China and Japan to the Buddhists, who in both countries have aoted as custodians of objects of art, and transmitters oi aits themselves. In regard to architecture, the Buddhists have originated their own «tyle in China, and have, therefore, good right to live in the temples they occupy. The curved roof was introduced by them. It appears to have come in with the pagoda, and is probably intended to act as a check to demons, who move in straight lines and never turn a corner. Queer animal shapes are seen on the sky-line of the roof and on the gables. These are likewise a protection against demons. This is also true of the pair oi stone lions whioh are placed in front of the temple, one on each side of the entrance-door, or one on the stone pavement which fronts the principal hall of Buddhist worship. When the Buddhist priest dies be is burnt, according to the old Indian custom. Fire is a sacred element, which drives out the impure parts of the human body that are there through the agency of the evil spirit. Fire tends to ascend, and carries the soul to the abode of the Supreme Ruler. Cremation began in Persia, probably before Zoroaster, and it sprang- out of the early Babylonian philosophy oftbeelements. It had nothing to do wi'h sanitation. It was simply a religious idea that originated it. When the bod; is dissolved at death, fire conveys the pure parts to the celestial paradise. It was this custom in Iudia that the Buddhists followed in hurning their dead. The Nirvana, or final extinction, is the end of the world's delusion. Tbe priest is said to enter tbe Nirvana when he dies, and tbe act of burning is an outward sign of it, and, euphemistically, they give it this name on the principle—" de mortuis nil nisi bonum." Many an indifferently good priest is said in his epitaph to have entered Nirvana, who ought rather to have first gone through very many purifying changes in the wheel of metempsychosis. Epitaphs are not so truthful as they ought to be. Ii E tham. County K-nt, appears tbe JVeekly Summary, a newspaper published lor •he blind. It is printed with Br&i;'.le typee, invented by the Fret.ch blind teacher, Btaiile, who lost the eyuRi'gbt in the third year. The paper appears every Wednesday, and contains a synopsis of general news, Including political and magical information, 