THOU ART THE MAN. t . A NEW NOVEL. (BY MISS BRADDON.) . CHAPTER VI.— (Continued). " Well, porliapa you are right. Tier inovner passed through the ordeal unchanged. ,Mie sv as in the world, but never of it. She tva9 like that young woman old John Evelyn was eo fond of, who went dancing through the iiery furnace of Court life, play-accing anu Hinging, and waiting upon the Queen, and talking to tlie King, in a society where half the women were— unmentionable, and yet remained a saint to the last. Ah, nic . Bweet Mrs. Godolpliin died in the bloom of her youth and beauty, like my dear wile. Well, Mario, we must reconcile ourselves to tlie inevitable. Sibyl's schoolroom days arc over, and you are 110 longer a young girl, You must marry, my dear ; we must luid a good husband for you." „ , . " l'lease do not try to anticipate Destiny, Sir Joseph," said Marie, with a litt.e nervous laugh and a very vivid blush. ' If 1 r0YJ; .1 ... .... «.. din huchnml Will (.lUllue JIICiLIIB JJJC I.U IIIUI » VMS- - iiqiear in Hue time ; and in tlie meantime 1 shall be quite content to live my own quiet life here, with old Airs. Morison, while you and Sibyl arc in London." "And you will not think yourself hardly used — yon wonft think it hard that kibyl BhouUVhavc all the pleasures the P'cat world car. give while you are buried in this dull ' country home ?" " Wliat right have I to envy Sibyl hor lifc'f I ought to feel nothinjr but gratitude for your goodness to my mother ami to inc. If you had made me a servunt I ought. to have been contented." " Don't, Marie, don't ! You pain me when you talk like that. I want you to he happy, independent, assured of a bright future. 1 want you to foe! that you have a claim upon me — a strong claim ; that you are as much to mo as an orphan niccc could be — more than u niece— almost as much as a daughter, added .Sir Joseph, his eyes dim with tears. " You are all goodness to me. I have had more affection from you than I ever had from inv mother, and Sibyl lias been all a sister could be. Do you think I am going to com plain because li'cr lot is to be in the great world, and mine out of it '7' ".You arc a good girl, and your lot may be happier than hers, perhaps. Who can Life went on very quietly at Ellcrslie after this conversation between Sir Joseph and his adopted daughter, but that idea of finding a liusoand for Marie Arnold was still upper most in his mind, and lie was startled when Hubert Urquhart came to him in his study two days later, and confessed devoted affec tion for Miss Arnold, an affection which he only waited Sir Joseph's consent to declare to the young lady. # . . " What ! Have you said nothing to Marie about your feelings V" asked Sir Joseph. " Nothing definite. I may have hinted at the state of the ease. It has been. hardly possible for me to be in her society, and not let her see that I adore her." " And how litis she taken your hints, or your adoration V" "»She is an enigma to me, Sir Joseph. Yet I can but think if I had your approval— if you showed yourself really in favor of our marriage — she would not look unkindly upon me. 5 " Oh, you think she would not object if I urged your suit. Well, Mr. Urquhart, I'll be frank with you, and confess that you are about the last man I would choose as a hus band for my adopted daughter. I may as well call her my adopted daughter, for I have all a father's affection for her." "lam assured of that, Sir Joseph," said Urquhart.; "but I am at a loss to under stand your objection to me as a match_ for a young lady who, I am informed, is tlie (laughter of a working man who was in your employment in Belgium, and who, therefore, would make some advance in the social scale if she became the wife of an earl's younger son." " 1 True hearts are more than coronets, Mr. Urquhart. Your lineage is unobjection able ; but I cannot say as much for your character or antecedents." "I may have gone the pace a little," ad mitted Urquhart; "but I have sown my wild oats." "It is not your wild oats I am thinking about, so i much as the character of the sower," answered Sir Joseph gravely, "I have heard stories of your unkindness and neglect as a husband, Mr. Urquhart. For give me if I say that you have not a good character from your last place. I have been told that your wife died of a broken heart." "Then you have been told lies, »Sir Joseph. Society seldom forgives a man who marries out of its ranks. 1 married a country par son's penniless daughter, and any unhappi- jiess there may have been in her life was the result of circumstances over which I had no control. Were I to marry your adopted daughter I conclude you would make a settle ment which would secure her from the pinch of poverty, and which might help me to carve out a career for myself, either in politics or ab tlie bar." "I would do much for a man she could love, and whom I could trust," replied Sir Joseph, gravely, "io question of money should stand between her and happiness. JJut, to be frank with you once more, you are by no means the man I would choose." " I understand," said Urquhart, pale with anger, yet trying to be courteous. "You have made your choice already, perhaps ! Mr. Mountlord is the man you would prefer." "Mr. Mountford is out of the question. He is a bachelor by inclination, is bent upon a roving life in South Africa." "Perhaps, Sir Joseph, after your frank ness — which implies a considerable preju dice against ine — I had better pack my porLmniitcau and leave the salmon to more favored anglers. I have no right to Inflict an unwelcome guest upon your family circle." " Don't talk nonsense, man. I may object to yon as a husband for an impulsive, inex perienced girl— but that's no reason why I should turn you out of doors. Stop as long as you like, only give Marie no more hints of your adoration. I have an idea that she is tolerably heart-whole, so fur as you. are con- corned." Urquhart did not order the packing of his portmanteau. The salmon river was very attractive at this season, and it would not liuvc suited his plans to leave Ellcrslie, above ail to leave Brandon Mountford master of the situation; for let .Sir Joseph say what lie would, Urquhart thought that. Mount- ford's pretensions would be favored. Mount- ford's family was as good as his, Urquhart's, and Mountford's antecedents offered no ugly blots to the inquiring eye. lie had done well at the University. He had never made him self notorious by riotous living or debt. Ho lind won renown as a line shot and a sagacious explorer, and hud lately published a record of his travels which had been praised by the critics and appreciated by the public. In such a man as this Urquhart saw a dangerous rival.' He saw, too, that Marie was in- t.f»o»t.nd in Mountford. and that it needed but some show of sympathy on his part to win her heart. Here, however, he was puzzled. Mountford seemed, careless of charms which kindled Urquhart's wannest feelings. Was this coolness simulated, the mask ot some deep design ; or was the man really indifferent?. Urquhart watched, him closely, and could surprise no touch of tenderness amidst his unvarying courtesy; yet his own natural beut towards dissimula tion inclined him to believe that Mountford was only masking his batteries. There are tome women who only care for tlie unattain able ; and it might be that Mario thought all / the more of Mountford because she had been unable lo subjugate him. Urquhart had tried the other plan and had failed igno- miniously. |v Mountford had been nearly three weeks at Hllerslie, and seemed to have interwoven himself into tlie family life. Sir Joseph had taken a cordial liking for him, and it was the thoroughness of the old man's friendli ness which induced him to protract his visit much beyond his original intention. I" I don't know what we shall do without you when you leave us," said Sir Joseph. " We shall miss him sadly when he goes, shan't we, Marie?" He did not sec Mario Arnold's vivid blush, as sho bent over the newspaper she had been reading, and he thought her answer was colli and careless. And then he remembered . Brandon's determination to remain un married — a resolve that was perhaps over scrupulous, since his mother's sad malady might have bequeathed no fatal taint to him — and lie thought it a merciful dispensation! tliat Marie Arnold should be careless and in different. It was after 7 o'clock when Mountford came home that evening. He had been fora: long and lonely ramble over the moor, glad lo escape from Urquhart's society, even at the sacrifice of sport. Urquhart's conversa tion was the essenco of worldly wisdom, of the streets streety ; and a man who lias spent his happiest years in the lonely places of the earth, and has communed with God and Nature under tropical stars, does not ffnd much salt or savour in tko petty gossip of clubs or the intrigues and money troubles of men about town. " I never knew such a fellow for not being interested in things that interest other men," said Urquhart, discontentedly, when one of his choicest anecdotes had fallen llat. " 1 don't believe you care even for the turf." " Not a jot," answered Brandon. " I ad mire a racehorse because he is tlie perfection of blood ami speed, not because lie can win a cup/' " Your indifference makes you very bad company," grumbled Urquhart. " We can't all shoot lions." To-day Brandon had bathed his soul and senses in solitude, and he felt all the bettor for the long rumble in the wild bleak country. He had seen Dunlucc Castle afar , off, tall and grey, above the ridge of the moor, and he had wondered idly whether he . would ever see it nearer, and what kind of a man its owner, UniuhartJ9 cider brother,' might be. And now in the fading light lie walked up the hill, and by the winding shrubbcried road that led to Ellcrslie House. A carriage was driving a little way in front of hiin as he passed the lodgegate. It dis appeared at tlie iirst turn of the road, and bethought no more of it, until he saw it standing before the porch, while .a footman busied himself in carrying various articles of luggage, handbags, books, umbrellas; and such small deer, into the hall. . From the hall came a sound of voices, fair Joseph's strong baritone, and a girlish voice which was like musie, s?o low aud sweetly toned. Could it he the daughter of the house? Brandon went into the hall feeling shyer than lie had ever been in his life before. Jn those last days of confidential intercourse in Italy, when the father and son had talked together as man uml man, Walter Mountford had told his soil that pathetic story of a hopeless love, struggled against valiantly, and never wealed. The thought that lie was going to see the daughter of tlie woman iiis father had loved thrilled him strangely. He had been told that Sibyl was like her mother, and it was with a feeling almost of awe that he approached the girl of 18. , , , Tie remembered an old photograph, grey and faded, a poor little photograph taken on the beach at Bognor hy ail itinerant photo, graphcr— the portrait of a girl in a broad- brimmed hat and an old fashioned frock, but with, oil, so sweet and delicate a coun tenance— features so refined in their chisel ling, such lovely lines of chin and throat, and such a slender, graceful figure. His father had taken that poor little photograph from his dispalelnbox. It was 011 glass, and it had accompanied him all over India without coining lo grief ; and from the shadow-land of death and vanished ycni'3 the young face hud looked at Brandon dimly, like a very ghost, Yes, there were the same features, the stinie gracious lines, the same soft depth ill the dark grey eyes that were looking at him now. "Hiillo, Mountford," cried Sir Joseph, gaily ; " the master of the house lias come honie. No more lux behaviour now ! We shall have to mind our manners. Come and be 'introduced to iny tyrant." Sibyl held out her hand to him in the frankest, friendliest way. " I am ever so much obliged to you for hel|iiiig to keep father in good spirits," she CHAPTER VII.— Dreaming and Waking. Life at Ellcrslie look a new color for Bran don Mountford after that day. It1 had been Eleasant, easy, unconventional from the (Schilling. He had felt the cordiality of Sir Joseph's welcome, the assurance that his presence gave pleasure to his host— but these things made an every- day happiness, and tliere was nothing wonderful or dreamlike in a well-found country house, a fine salmon river, and a blunt, generous-tempered old man, who had begun his ascent to Fortune's Temple 011 the lowest rung of the ladder. Sibyl's coming had changed the country house into an enchanted palace, the wind blown terrace and lawns and shrubberies overlooking the lileak North Sea into an earthly paradise. Her coming had changed life into a lovely drcain. Her light figure moving to and fro on the rough bank's of the river turned that stream into a magical watercourse, leading to an unexplored Edon. He expected anything wonderful and ab normal rather than the rude, grey hills and the barren moorland. In tlie beginning lie surrendered himself blindly to the enchantment of this fair girl's society. He know that lie could never think of himself, or be thought of bv Sir Joseph, as a possible husband for this heiress of mines and millions. Sir Joseph had frankly stated his ambitious hopes for his daughter. " She must marry a peer, my dear Mount ford," he said. " I want her to go back into the great world which her mother left when she stooped to marry 111c. I want to see her a Countess before I die. She is pretty enough, and she will be rich enough to be a duchess— if there were ail eligible Dnke. I won't marry her to a fortune-seeker or a proiligate, Mountford. I may he ambitious, but 1 won't sacrifice my girl's happiness, even to make her a great, lady." All this had been said more than once before Sibylla's return, nnd all this Mount ford had accepted as inevitable— a decree of destiny, since Sir Joseph was the kind of man to carry out his own ideas to the letter, nml it would be bard if among the bachelor Peers of Croat Britain a worthy as well as a titled luisCuid could not he found for Sibylla. Mountford knew himself out of the running. ''Were I a Dnke, and the inheritor of a couple of shires, 1 should just be ns ineligible as I am now," lie thought. " Nothing would ever induce me to link my life with another, and blight tlie heart that loved me." Having thus made up his mind about him self — having set himself resolutely 011 the side of the celibates— Brandon Mountford made the mistake which men are apt to make in such circumstances. He was too secure of himself. lie thought that lie might reckon in advance of the Grovbeurd, Time, and think of himself as a middle-aged, unimpressionable misogynist, while he was still in the very morning of life, much fresher in heart and brain than the majority, of young men, since ho had never blunted his feelings in the mill-round of youthful dissi pations— had not wasted the first fervent love of boyhood upon tlie Tatties and Lottie- of the music-halls or the tavern bar— had not been spoiled or wearied by the vacuity and parrot-speech of the modish young lady, who is by way of being sporting or fast. To Brandon Mountford an English girl in the morning of her youth and tlie fresh ness of her beauty was almost a new- creation. Had Venus Anadyoinine met him in some cavern of that bleak shore, in the mystic twilight of sunrise, she could not have seemed more enchanting than Sibylla in the grace and purity of her unspoiled girl hood. He gave himself up unresistingly to the charm of her presence, accepted her friendly advances, telling her lightly that she was to think of hiin ns a newly-dis covered poor relation, something of the nature of an uncle. " Vou might as troll call me uncle, Miss Higginson," he said one day when he was assisting Sibyl and Marie not to catch salmon. They had taken a good many lessons in the art of throwing a fly, but had not yet achieved the distinction of a bite. " Oh, I couldn't possibly do that," Sibyl answered, decisively; "you are much too young for an uncle. I'll call you cousin, if you like, though, perhaps, even that would sound foolish. But we ure a kind of cousins, aren't we ?" " Yes, we are cousins— in tlie third de gree." 1 " I'm glad of that. I like to know that I am related to you. Father likes you so much, quite as well 113 if you were his nephew. Please call me Sibyl in future. is such ail ngly name." It was agreed therefore that they were to call eaeli other Brandon and Sibyl. " We are actually cousins," Sibyl explained, the first time she uttered the visitor's Chris tian name in her father's hearing; "so it would ho absurd to be mistering and missing each other." The speech was so frankly spoken that Sir Joseph took no alarm at the idea. Ho, too, had accepted Brandon Mountford as a poor relation, a pleasant and harmless bachelor cousin. He had met dozens of such young men in society, as harmless, and often as necessary, hy reason of their helpfulness in all the minor details of domestic life, as the often-quoted eat. He had 110 idea that such 1111 existence could menace danger to his own dearest hopes. The time came, too soon for Brandon's peace, after ten or twelve days of unalloyed bliss, when tlie young man knew and felt his own peril. He knew that ho loved Sibyl with tlie love that means the happiness or misery of a lifetime— or, at least, of all life's best and brightest years. Thero may be healing for such a wound ; but it is a cure so gradual and so tardy that the convales cent hardly knows whether the passing years have conquered his passion or worn out his heart. He knew that he loved her— knew that his delight in her society was something stronger nnd deeper than a mail's pleasure in the company of a lovely and fasci nating girl— knew that the slightest .touch of her hand thrilled him, that the sound of her voice, heard casually from tlie garden while he was writing a letter by the open window of his own room, would set his heart beating and make hiin write nonsense. They had been rarely alone together ; they had only talked to each other in the lightest strains upon the most casual sub jects. Marie was always with them, wulk- ing hy sea or moor, lounging on tlie terrace, lingering over tlie friendly tea table, visiting the stables, driving, riding, Marie was as constant and as inevitable as Sibyl's shadow. Brandon might have thought tliat this per petual companionship on Miss Arnold's part was in obedience to orders from Sir Joseph ; but Sir Joseph's whole way of life was too open and unsophisticated to allow of such nn idea. No ; Sir Joseph trusted his guest, anil it was for his guest to provo worthy of the confidence that had been so freely given to him. Brandon knew tliat he had been re ceived and trusted 011 the strength of his race— warranted honorable, as it were, because of the good blood that ilowed in his veins, the gentleman's unsullied lineage, out of which could come no evil. Not for all that this earth can give of happiness would he have proved himself uuworthy of the . good man's confidence. (To be continued.) i 