OPENING OF PARLIAMENT The first session of the sixteenth Parliament was opened on Thursday ’ last, and interest centred in the As Isenibly. Members old and new showed their patriosim by attending in force a month before they were required for work, and as no distinctly patriotic sacrifice should go unrewarded they will receive payment for the four weeks that will intervene before the House begins business. They will obtain in the aggregate nearly £2,000 for doing nothing, but since hope enters so largely into the consideration of what they will accomplish ultimately, no doubt the payment will be debited to the “Trust” funds. The Treasurer deserves to be congratulated on at last finding legitimate use for these funds. Only two members were absent, Mr Andrew Anderson (Kara Kara) who is ill, and Mr Isaac Isaacs, Attorney General, whose re-election is being op posed. The remainder, with two or three exceptions, were in attendance early, and either loitered in the lobbies or lounged in the chamber until the bells rang for assembling. Resusci tated veterans like Colonel Smith, Mr Reid, and Mr Longmore returned like ghosts from a dead past, and settled into their places as though to the manner born. The elders among the new contingent, such as Mr Downward, Mr Rogers, Mr Baker, and Mr Kerr were little less composed, but the were .very namciWa, ws&e; They tipJe to shtke down. Introduction ana recognitions filled up the bad quarter of an hour before business began, the meeting of Sir Graham Berry and Mr Longmore reviving recollections of an old alliance happily sundered^ “ The Colonel” and Sir James Patterson are the only other survivers of that alliance. At noon the clerk (MrW. V, Robin son) called “ Order,” and members took their seats. It was at once seen that a great preponderance sat on the Ministerial side, the benches being packed. But it did not require deep knowledge of affairs to perceive that the party was a heterogeneous mass, likely to be rent asunder at any moment. Ministers themselves were not so foolish as to imagine that the gathering represented a pledged fol lowing. A big party requires most delicate handling. In the front bench of the Ministerial Corner sat the labor party (minus Mr Hancock, who had not arrived), sullen and reproachful. Behind them were a few free lances, and on the back corner bench the M‘Kenzieites (Mr M'Kenzie, Mr W. Anderson, and Mr Oarty Salmon), who are watchful, and whose affinities in the chamber sit on the other side. Mr Graham is also in the Corner and Mr Kennedy has taken his seat next to him. Mr Thomson is there also pend ing developments. To his intense dis gust, Mr Longmore dropped into the next seat to him, and the electors of Dundas need not be surprised to be told that this was an accident so far as Mr Thomson was concerned. Mr Deakin was on the extreme end of the back bench. When he shifts the party will be rudderless. Mr Shiels wan dered all over the chamber without stopping anywhere. For a time he had the Premier’s seat, but no importance was attached to that circumstance. He is understood to be determined to sit in proximity to the labor party. Whether he or Mr Deakin is to be the power behind the throne remains to be seen. Betting is even. They both in troduced the Premier when the time came for Ministers to be sworn in. On the left the party is lop-sided, the corner benches holding 11 jr;• greater number. Ex-Ministers oc-iXbied the froi\fi bench. Ther;n_- ii, evi^anra of gre tVsfcrength in (the cor'ucr ^division, the now men attracting wVlfideserved attention. They inoludecs Moule, Mr A White, Mr Irvine, Mr Bowser, Mr Brake, Mr DuSus, Mr Ciiiruside, Mr John Anderson, whilst other com paratively recent additions to the Chamber sat with ihem. narady, Mr Lazarus, Mr M'Leod, Mr Russell, and Madden. Mr Murray Smith took his seat in the first corner bench to see that none of the “ braves ” broke away. Mr Craven and Mr Grattan were on the second Opposition bonch behind the ex-Miuisters. The ceremony over, their Honours retired, and after allowing an interval for them to get well clear of the cham ber, the Premier rose, to the accom paniement of loud cheers from his following — the labour party only excepted—to propose that Sir Graham Berry be Speaker. His speech was hrief, and included a reference to the reward that was due to Sir Graham in his declining years. Sir James Patterson was also cheered on rising to second the motion, and his remarks “dignity befitting a deliberate assembly, impartiality,” and so on, appeared to have more than usual significance. The choice was unanimous, and Sir Graham assumed the Chair, cheered by both sides. He thanked the House. Then the mace—the old wooden one gilded—having been placed on the table, all was ready for a start. But the Ministry started backwards, not forwards. The Premier moved that the House adjourn until the 30th inst. Sir James Patterson, in a brief speech of mingled banter and something else, asked for some statement of the inten tion of the Ministry, particularly in re gard to “ that detestable thing called retrenchment.” The country required that there should be further retrench ment if the new taxation was to be imposed, and it was necessary for Parliament to show “ that it was stronger that any of the other minor powers of the state, and would not permit itself to be dictated to by those in the service of the state.-” You should not have threatened them,” ejaculated Mr Hancock. The Premier replied that the Ministry had not had time to prepare its policy, but instantly contradicted himself by saying that its policy would oommand the support of a large majority of the Chamber, and that his only fear was that it would be so good that Sir James Patterson would be compelled to sit behind the Ministry, He scored the first point. Mr Maloney gave Mr Best, the new Minister of Lands an opportunity, to make his first official statement, and then the motion was agreed to and tha House adjourned. Members dispersed into the lobbies after having devoted about an hour’s time the service of the country, for which they will receive about £22 each, which seeing thatthese are times of retrenchment must, it is supposed, be considered very reasonable. The visi tors to the galleries were evidently quite unware of the “ Ooolgardie” character of the proceedings which they had been witnessing. Mr An drews and Mr Methvsn, whose colours went down at the general election mingled with the throng in the Queens ball. They and Mr Shackell and Mr Kirton, who had come up to the House out of curiosity, knew what a good thing had fallen to the lot of members through the eagerness of Ministers to begin before they were ready. Sir Graham Berry received hearty con gratulations from a number of callers at the Speaker’s room. Mr Mason and Mr Graves were in evidence par ticularly among she new members. The question is, “ who will be the chair man of committees 1” and each is anxious for an assurance on the point as early as possible. They are both old campaigners, and there will be nothing lost in tactics between them. Mr Graves, at any rate, should know the value of promises. Mr Mason sat on the Opposition benches when mem bers first assembled; afterwards on the Ministerial side. Mr Austin and Mr Longmore met near the statue. “ Let me introduce Mr Austin to you,” said a mutual friend. “ Mr who did you sayl” “Mr Austin, the member for Ripon and Hampden.” The veteran for the first time seemed to rea lise that while he had been out of thp Chamber his old constituency had be come respectable. -Argtis. Melbourne Punch writes : — The Attorney-General is the only member of the new Ministry who is to be put to the trouble and expense of a contested ( lection. This seems extraordinary in , - low o? the fact tf at he* was allowed a j walk-over at the .general election last month. It certainly seems that Mr Isaacs is somewhat badly treated in this matter, for there can be no change in circumstances urged within the last month. If the Patterson Government was defeated at the general election, ii was regarded as almost a certainty that Mr Isaacs would be offered office in the new Ministry. In the face of this open secret Mr Isaacs was permitted a walk- over, and now, when all the Ministers are nominally going to their constituents, he, alone, is called upon to fight for his seat. The reason, of course is a purely personal, and, we may say, an unjustifiably selfish one. Mr Ferguson, the contestant, was de feated at the general election by Mr John Issaca, the brother of the Attorney-General, and is now going for the Bogong seat by way of Consola tion Stakes. It is to be hoped that wiser counsels wiil prevail, and that Mr Ferguson will sink his personal feeling in the matter and keep his money in his posket. All the mem bers of the present Ministry have their work cut out and waiting for them, and it is unpatriotic, unwarrantable and unjust to them to have the worry of a contest, even though the result, as in this Bogong ca3e, is a foregone con clusion. The election for Bogong, which was made necessary by the acceptance of office in the Turner Administration by Hon I. A. Isaacs, Attorney-General, was held on Tuesday. Mr Joseph Ferguson, of Bowman’s Forest, who was recently defeated at the general election for the Ovens by Mr John Isaacs, opposed him. Mr Ferguson was beaten by 768 votes, and saves his deposit by 20 vnteu only, the polling being, Isaacs 965, Ferguson 197. 