LOCAL AND DISTRICT NEWS. Mr A. W. Axford. baker, Lilydale. announces that he is selliug best roller floor at los. 6d. per bag for cash. - A revision conrt for the Lilydale and Wandin Divisions of the electoral district of Evelyu will be held at the Lilydale Court- house. this (Friday) morning at 9.30. VDE is now a household word in Lilydale ana for miles around, and means honest values, best quality, and straight dealing. See front page for price list.—[ADVT.] Probate has been granted to the will of the late Thomas Woods, of Coldstream, who died on the 3rd September, 1893. The value of real estate is set down at £650, and personal £675— total. £1325. Mr E. A. Janson, of " The Towers" Vineyard, Lilydale, notifies the' public, through our business columns, that he Is now willing to supply crapes direct irom the vineyard at reasonable prices. Come ! Come ! Come ! See ! See! See ! Hear ! Hear ! Hear ! Come to the Athenreum on Friday evening. 16th inst. See some of the beauty spots of Europe. Hear what a traveller has to say of them.—[ADVT.] Following in the steps of Yarra Glen, a new post office has been erected at Christmas HilL The owner, Mr T. Young, has had a very nice building erected, which adds considerably to the attractions of this charming locality. Messrs Dawborn, Morey and Co.. of Lilydale, annouuee that they will hold a great clearing'sale of drapery, ctc.. commencing to-morrow (Saturday), and continuing for one month. FNLL particulars "WFTT TieTlound in" our advertising columns. A sale of gifts, in aid of the circuit fnnd in connection with the Wandin United Methodist Church, will be opened in the Temperance Hall, Wandin, by Mrs E. H. Cameron. ;at 3p.m. on the 21st inst. Fnll particulars appear in another column. Mr J. J. O'Meara, P.M.. held a revision court at Healesville yesterday. Mr W. Lindupp applied to have his name left on the roll. After hearing Mr Lindupp's explanation Mr O'Meara decided to comply with the request. We would remind the public works committees for the various districts in theUpper Yarn Shire that there reports must be lodged with the secretary on or before the next meeting of the Council, so that they can be dealt with. By advertisement in this issue Mr J. T. Phillips, draper, of Lilydale. announces that his great half-yearly cash sale commences tomorrow. Mr Phillips states that money is wanted, and bnyers will Bud it to their advantage to visit his shop. l Several parties, still . continue mining operations on Watson's Creek, with varying success. It is the opinion of in any old residents of the district that some good yields will be obtained in Fern Gully, and thbs restore the prestige the Gully enjoyed In'; the fifties." " & gcod haul nt fish was made in 1 the Cockatoo Creek on Saturday night last by Mbssrs Bert Ousey, Donthie, Band and two others, when about lewt. of blackfisli was landed. The average weight of the fish th^8 ght. ° De 661 caught during i troubled wflftUcorns, use Jones's J. C. C. limes. Chemist, Lily taken by the •^and' & nnm- Gonstable .ed'^fpr -him ne and ' all In the locality in which he -resides. From our intimate knowledge of this esteemed officer we have no hesitation in saying that he richly deserves the honor his friends are so P.USLFL\IS\he should hare. ; • Hie half-yearly meeting of the Lilydale J3as CojpDany was. held , at the ^company's Ipffice. ^Mond^^th jpist. The «hMrmM>.< plr Dig L$hgbw£ 1comii|ented on. the^satisjfactory poStit^r of the'obmplny, ^d com. sparing^+jwith ,pth& .similar * companies, maintained that it hid more than held its -own. -One of the auditors having resigned Mr D, Kay was fleeted to fill. the vacancy.' The usual sbtfe of"* thanks was passed to the directors, and the chairman having replied "the meeting closed. . The annual assembly of the United Methodist Churches commences its meetings on Tuesday next m tHe Fitzroy Church. As preparatory to it the gene ralJcom mi ttee met at Box Hill yesterday, and by the Assembly plan issued and printed at the EXPRESS Office we notice &at; the Rev. D. Porteus, of Ringwood, preaches at Seville. Wandin. and Lilydale op Sunday. The Rev. J. Westacott preaches at Yarraville " and Williamstown. Mr T. "P. Knell, of Healesville, preaches at Ringwood. and the Rev. T. Riding, from Yarraville. will preach at Healesville. A special meeting of. the subscribers to the Healesville Mechanics' -Institute and Free Library was held last Monday, to consider the advisability of altering rule No. -20. .Notwithsliiniing .that? the Iheetfaj^-Tras duly^ advertised only^seven subscribers put in an' appearance. It was resolved "that in futnre the quarterly subscription be 3s. in lieu of 5s, and the annual subscription 10a in lieu of 20s., payable in advance. Subscribers will be allowed one book only instead of two. and any subscriber keeping a book more than 14 days will be fined Id. per day." to be paid before the subscriber can take another book. Mr David Kay, the courteous manager o* the Colonial Bank, Lilydale. has offered a tennis racquet for competition between mixed doubles. Those'willing to play have merely to hand in their names, and the order of playing and handicaps will be arranged by the match committee. The conditions will be—given an equal number of lady and gentleman playei-s. one of each will be drawn and shall constitute a pair, then handicapped and drawn to play agaiust a similarly arranged pair. The gratitude of the club may be shown by numerous entries and the contest should prove interesting, and an incentive to th&young;' players. The residents of Healesville are very greatly dissatisfied with the resolution passed by the Shire Council at its last meeting that the Minister of Lands be requested to offer that portion of Coranderrk, now being surveyed into blocks, at public auction. The general opinion of the residents is that it should be opened'for selection in the usual way. A requisition has been signed and forwarded to the president requesting him to convene a public meeting for Saturday (tomorrow) to discuss the matter. It is greatly feared that the Government intends to form a Village Settlement on the land, which would be a most unwise step, as there is not sufficieat work in the district for those who are already settled there. Our Christmas Hill correspondent writes: —Things have; now settled down on the conclusion of the holidays. The influx of visitors during the season has not been by any means so ,large as usual, but may be classed as fair. On Friday last a concert was given here in aid of the Chnrch of England fupds. I understand the result was fairly satisfactory from a monetary point of view. No particulars to hand. Institute matters are progressing, the committee having accepted plans and called for tenders for a new building. Ophthalmia is very prevalent up here, almost every family being more prjessjiffecieil. The disciuic has been very nara to deal with. In some cases children are again suffering from it after perhaps a month's interval- Rain is very badly wanted just now, as the gardens are thoroughly dried up. The Warbnrton Cemetery Trust held a meeting in the Shire Hall, Warburton, on Wednesday, 31st ult. Mr W. Kett occupied the chair, and there were also present-Messrs G. W. Wamsley. T. Clark. J. C. Wildman. W. McKay, M, Ryan. .T. Ryan. J. Houlihan, and Mr W. L. Cowan (secretary). The minutes of the previous meeting having been read and confirmed, a letter was read from Mr E. W. Weavell. applying for the position of caretaker, and sexton of the cemetery. Consideration of the letter was deferred till next meeting. Some discussion ensued in regard to selecting a new site for a cemetery. Mr Wamsley held that the Trust should not give up possession of the old site. It could be kept as a reserve. . Mr Wildman thoughc a suitable site, could be secured up the Little Yarra. This idea did not, however, find favor with Mr Clark, who appeared rather fearful of seeing •• ghosts." It was finally decided on the motion of Messrs Wamsley and M. Ryan that Messrs Kett, Houlihan. Wildman, McKay, and Clark be appointed a committee to inspect and select a new site for a cemetery. The meeting then terminated. About two o'clock oh Wednesday morning a fire broke ont in Anderson street. Lilydale. resulting in' the total destruction of two weatherboard cottages, the property of Mrs Simpson. The fire was discovered by Mrs G. T. Mason, who resides close by, the roar of the flames attracting her attention. Her screams awakened some of the neighbors, and a crowd quickly gathered. On discovering the fire Mr Mason despatched one of his sons to ring the Church of England bell. This had the effect of arousing many of the residents. ' A glance at the burning buildings showed there was but very little hope of saving them. A number of willing hands removed all the furniture from Mr Mason's house. The fire engine was obtained, and by its aid the fire was confined to the cottages. Mrs Simpson, the owner, had vacated one of the cottages—a three-roomed building—the previous afternoon, while the other—-a four-roomed cottage—had been occupied for some weeks by a family from itelhnuniD- wli&jiaj; "tftlrim ihoir jc^ftituie for the metropolis by the "8.39 train on Tuesday evening. A special word of praise is due to Messrs J. r. Philiips. R. Kings, J. Supple, Nottingham (3), W. Oliver. M. Supple, Burton and many others whose names we cannot just now remember. The cottages were insured, but the amount cannot be ascertained. On Thursday, 25th ulf». Crs.Farrell, Love, and Scott ( members of the Eastern Riding of the Shire of Kltham, accompanied by Mr E. H; Cameron, M.L.A., president, and Mr C._S. ; Wingrove, secretary to the shire, Dr. Kil pa trick, Mr D. Berriman and others, paid a semi-official visit to the northern end of the riding, to make themselves acquainted with the wants of, that part of the shire. The party left Yarra Glen, and proceeded towards the Yea mountains by way of the new Kinglake rOad. When Mr Heath's selection was reached a halt was made and Mrs Heath welconi'ed the party and placed her house at their disposal. Provisions were taken from a well filled hamper, and the dining room was quickly turned into a banquet ball, Mrs Health making a very tempting display at such short' notice The luncheon was- thoroughly enjoyed, after which the party made an inspection of fern gullies, and greatly admired the beautiful scenery. The. giant messmates were also inspected, many of them being perfectly straight and raugiog to 150 feet in height. Towards evening the.party got under way, and travelling in an easterly direction, came out on the Clear Hills road, arriving at Y arra Glen • after a most enjoyable day's outing. It is needless to add that Cr. Farrell was leader of the party, and did not fail to brg all points of interest and necessity-under the notice of those present. 