' We that are Strong.' A NOVEL. By Esme Stuart. Author of :' Joan Vellacot,' ' Kestellof Greystone,' ' Muriel's Marriage,' ' Virginie's Husband,' &c;, &c;, &c.; Chaptee XL.— A MERRY CHRISTMAS. Now little yet we know the word On that first dawn of Christmas heard, The - nly power to riglif. the wrong, To flre the cold, and tame the strong, Thfc grand, old, glorious angel-song, Peace and goodwill. The butterfly soaring high up casts no visible shadow : its airy convolutions have no dark side to sadden its aimless flight ; but the swallow as it skims hither and thither lwfnrfi rainfall incf olimm+lin nOK-). alternately flies from or pursues its own shadow, seeming sometimes to dart down upon the dark nothingness of itself and then to find it mere empti ness. Such a shadow can be found in most lives, as their owrers brood sometimes upon the sorrow of the past or else fly heedlessly towards that which they?fancy must await them in the near future. Often when they, as it were, meet it and examine it, the terror of it flies away and is dispelled ; they have in an instant recognised its worthlessness and turned their backs upon its gloom. Bat the shadow which both -pursued and was pur sued by Inez, was densely black. She conld not approach near enough to it to find out its full character. Viewed from where she stood, it. only served to strike a nameless terror into her heart. Had she, by that past d^ed, so momentarily thought of, bo instantaneously executed, had the built a cairn over her own heart, had she alienated her husband's love, had she for ever ruined her treasured happiness ? On that Christmas Eve, and whilst the Christmas bells rang out so joyously, Inez realised that her heirt samV' Yes, she had.' The blackness was visible. She mentally groped for some support, and look foHt6? -n the w.orld~and where else was she to A merry Christmas, a merry Christmas ' If echoed I eveiy where the next morning, it beamed on every face, it came first with the milkman in the Close, and was carried on by the postman and the errand boys. Its jovial character was visible in most of the faces whose owners did not outnumber ?-? years. Chrt tows meant presents and a good dinner and the general frolicsome banter which is so lackl neyed and yet ever new as the season comes rouud The Dean woke up a little oppressed with the idea of his sermon. According to the statutes, those old laws which weigh heavily upon conscientious Deans he was bound to feed the flock with wise words on this special day. The doctrine must be delivered m choice phrases, but the sermon must not be too lenethv for the Christmas dinner mutely called the coueiega tion. The large family needs and pleasures had to be also attended to, and his wife expected the old customs to be observed. She was very conservative holding with tenacity to that 'which had been liono before, thus prov.ng that in even ordinary characters thereisafund of what we should call the power of the unit, without which no history of the human race would have been possible, for otherwise historv would have beeu too chaotic to record. So the large table in the Deanery dining-room was surrounded with eager faces, and all the plates were piled un with paper parcels, and the ?? Oh's ' and the '])0 look hcres ' we're a pleasant chorus for parental ear- The vergers in cathedral were also lull of hapm thoughts. This was their day of recompense lor many a good seat kept and many an obliging act of courtesy. If manners maketh man, it also helps to keep him in luxuries, for it 'pays better ' the oldest verger thought, to be civil, aud by pays he meant really hard coin. H-s lectures on architecture were worth a handsome Christmas box, and his mistakes had Mr. Grey but known it, were worth more. For instance, who. would not reward richly his informa tion in an English cathedral which Grey had more than once grandly imparted iu his loud and unctuous tones. ' You see, sir, this is the front of the organ aud behind it is the back.' What more simple true and beautiful description ? and simplicity and truth are not at all common in this old world. Nobody came into the 11 o'clock service on Christ mas day with the same look or manner as they did say, on the nineteenth Sunday after Trinity. The old ladies who wanted to squeeze something iuto kind Mr. Grey's palm were fussy. They had to hold their prayer book and remember in which corner of their purses was the Christmas box for the verger They had a nervous dread of mixing up the offertorv money with tlm donation. The Mayor and corporation had also their small worldly affairs to transact when thev came into the House of God. The vergers had 'much outward respect to be rewarded for, and the corporation tried to think they should reward as a body, whilst the Mayor thought a 'little something' from each was better. . The choir were on their be; t behaviour, for the Dean would soon give hh choir dinner, and some of them as carol singers were allowed to take rouud a book for subscription. From this a considerable sum was gained, but always some heart-burnings were expected at the distribution. Nothing in this world is perfect, and even gilts are sad stumbling blocks at Christmas in the wav of peace on earth and goodwill to men. After all, men are material beings, with endless varieties of crotchets: so how is peace to be expected at Christmas time ? Perhaps this year the Christmas puddings h id not been stirred ; perhaps Christmas has yet to be per fected in heaven. Anyhow, there were discordant notes even iu beautiful Helstone, but on the whole the merry Christmas bells made joy, aud the story of the White Christ came like balm to manv weary hearts. The Close people sat in their cushioned stalls and ielt at peace with the world ; but the Deanery girls remarked that Inez was not there. She was not well, evidently ; but Mrs. Findlay reposed in her seat, with cushions behind her. a graceful shawl thrown over her fur-lined mantle, a cloud of lace about her, and an odour of rare scents forming an atmosphere of general protest against common life and the service of the English Church. On Christmas Day she appeared at the cathedral to please Charles ; at least, she said so. But she could not please Charles more than a limited time, and trailed out before the sermon with a lace hand kerchief held up to her mouth to show Helstone that she was too feelle 1 3 imbibe a larger dose of what pleased them so much. Some thought she might be on the eve of breaking a bloodvessel, whilst the common folk fancied the poor laciv's nose was bleeding ; but all agreed that Mrs. Findlay looked most elegant and interesting as she swept slowly out in her rich black silk. Mrs. Findlay lived on that stage effect for the rest of the day, and Charles was told how much the effort had cost her to come in and to go out of church, but that it had all been done for him. ' I thought we went to church for another pur pose,' he said gently. It was not irony or reproach, but it shocked Mrs. Findlay, and it was some time before she went on to tell Charles about her visit to ' that sweet bride. Mrs. Findlay having seen that the bride was not in the cathedral had calculated that she could have a nice . chat with her whilst others listened to the Dean's sermon. On going out, therefore, she walked into the Whitewoods' drawing-room unannounced, a thing she never did if Mary were at home. She really looked quite artistic as she stood in the doorway and glanced round. ' Ah ! on the sofa ! My dear child, I knew it; rou are hot welL I i bought during the service that, much as I should enjoy the Dean's sermon . . . You know, dear, we hear him so seldom. Poor Charles cares simply for sense, and does not care in the least for technical perfection. I ofton say to him, ' You know, Charles, the most beautiful woman in the world is Toothing unless beautifully dressed, simply nothing.' Poor Dean, one day he murmured something about the Venus de Medici, as if she could be taken as a modern in stance ! Talk as you will, we must be dressed ac cording to fashion. Now you, dear, look charming in that dress.' Inez rose slowly from the sofa. She was trying to collect her thoughts, and happily this long preface unabled her to do so. ' I woke with a bad headache, so I— I stared here.' ? ' ' Much better, too ^ I merely went to please Charles. Now I want a good taik with you. You are not strong, I see : but, really, fear, I never saw you look so handsome. I wish I could have seen you the wife of an attache. What a talk you would have made, and how your husband would have had a bad time. You never knew the power of your beauty.' ' Oh !' said Inez, half under her breath. ' I do now — I see what ? *' ' No! indeed you don't. Your husband is such a bon mart de menage',- as that dear CounteFS de Volvreux used to say of Charles.. We beauties.are not made for such worthy husbands. Wewant more air— more j'e tic sais quoi. Mv dear, 1 6ee it in you. You will be moped to death all for the want of a man who knows life.' V Basil is. good enough for me,' Inez spoke list lessly. She felt, eo little able to argue. The stream that flows in a deep channel cannot spring to the surface when it chooses ; it needs some great upheaval of the earth to make ite waters visible. *' This first year you think so, but soon— indecdi the first year of marriage is the most trying ©ue ol all. One has to learn so much the real character of the man you imagined you knew. Charles is quite another creature to the Charles, of my imagination ; I assure you I thought he would like a life of gaiety, and the truth is he is only happy when pottering over parish work. I give him his due. He is very amenable, but still with another husband I should have been another woman.' '* Oh, Mrs. Findiay, you have lived to repent your marriage ! Isn't it dreadful ?' The deep spring tried to make itself heard. ' 'Dreadfu:, oh, no ! Nothing dreadful at all about it. If I were stronger I should be able to enjoy much more of such society as I care for. Indeed the Coun tess suggests Nice' to me in January, and I am inclined to accept the invitation. I have her letter in my pocket.' Mrs. Findiay was already seated on a low chair, and the aroma of scent, which like the aura of the Theosophists encircled her person with a zone of per- . fume, was wafted towards Inez. - It seemed to increase her sense of misery and of Imllowness. If only this woman would go, she thought, and leave her alone. At this moment the door was again opened and Mrs. Whitewrood herself stood on the threshold. For the moment Inez was grateful to her. ' J was so much afraid, Inez, of your being un well that I have come back,' said Mary simply. The tone was like some far-off melody of heaven which, by some mistake, has reached the earth. ' ' Then I may as well go. You see I acted as the good Simaritan before you, Mrs. White wood ! Christmas Day is so tiring ; but, thank goodness, it only comes once a year. The Christmas boxes are so tiresome to-morrow. Actually the man who lights the lamps in the town came for a Christmas box. I said to him, ' I don't care if the town is plunged in darkness, we light our own lamps, and that is all I care about.'' Mary smiled ; but her eyes looked at Inez. What a strange look she had on her face. Oh, she must do something for her. It had all come over her in church. She must help this poor child. But, who was she to do this thing ? She who had fallen so low herself. The Christmas message had come as a reproach to her. Peace on earth— aud goodwill ! Goodwill! She had not given it to Inez, and now — now— was it too late 'i If before her marriage she, Mary, had heid out the hand of goodwill to her, but now—. Perhaps Basil's life would notjhave been blighted. The whole question seemed so fearful that Mary had recoiled before this new outlook into pos sibilities. Then she had bravely resolved that she would begin afresh ; she would win this poor child's affection. If Inez was a sinner, how was it she had dared to judge her ? Had not Christ, her master, whom she professed to serve, had not He said, ' Neither do I condemn thee,' but Mary had stepped iu front of her Lord and had said, 'But I do con demn thee.' Even Mrs. Findlay's presence reproached her. This woman of the world had offered sympathy to Inez before herself. Was she one of the publicans and sinners who would enter heaven before Mary ? Mrs. Findlaj 's aura entirely disagreed with that of Mrs. Whitewood. The two zones invariably clashed and could not long remain in the same neigh bourhood. In a few minutes, therefore, Mary was alone with Inea. She had left Basil's side to come here. Was she yet worthy to heal the wound ? Was she yet capable ? Repentance cannot be taken up when we will. In that case, at least, its effects upon others cannot be depended upon, for in every bargain there are two wills. Mary sat down beside Inez, who from sheer weari ness still reclined on the sofa. Her mind had suffered so much that at this moment it was in a state of stupor and indifference ; only she was capable of feeling glad Mrs. Findiay had gone. She would, however, have preferred to see her mother-in-law follow her. 'Are you better for your rest?' said Mary gently. ' Oh yes. I am quite well ; a little tired, that's all.' 'Not quite well, Inez, dear. To you know I think you need real looking after, more than even Hetty can do. You want a mother's help.' Inez turned her eyes upon Mary. Very slowly it came over her that Mary was changed. * Something had happened, but this change was not at all accept able to her. ' She is glad that Basil is— hers again. She is glad about my sorrow,' she said to herself. ' She can afford now to be kind ; she wants to be friends. No, no— a thousand times, no ? ' ' I want no looking after,' she Baid, but not im patiently, for her own heart was too heavy for her lips to obey the emotions of her mind. ' Won't you let me know be3t r' Again Inez turned her eyes upon that placid brow —that gentle face. What was her motive now ? she thought. . ' I— I — hate being— fussed after,' was her reply. ' Oh, Inez, don't you know that I want to help you?' ' To help me ? ' The coldness of utter indifference was in the tone. Mary's heart sank within her, for she recognised the punishment only too well. ' Yes, to help you. If you want help,' don't you think I am the person—to give it ? ' 'You might once have been' said Inez, using cruel words without quite understanding their full cruelty. Mary's face flushed all over. Her punishment was great as she Bat down close beside her daughterin law. Basil's deep sorrow was about her still, it burnt away all other feeling except that of pity. The old gnawing pain of jealousy was gone, gone as if someone had swept it away with one great word of ommand, «' Be still,' and there was a great calm. But in its place there was the intense remorse which in her case humbled her to the dust, but did' not discourage her. ' Inez, Inez, my child, it is Christmas day. How can we poor erring people hope for forgiveness if we will not forgive t~ uan'tyou forget the past?' Forget the past, the past that had made the pre sent! To Inez this question seemed a mockery and the speaker a heartless, inhuman being. - 'Nb^'she said, feeling roused for a moment out of her mental torpor, and suddenly rising to her feet so as to get farther away from Mrs.' Whitewood — - 'No, I can't; you always hated me, you suspected me, you grudged me Basil's love ; you, who might have made all plain to me, who might have shown me the right way — if there is a right and a wrong way — you only spurned me. It was your work. It is your fault that— that' . . . She paused without seeing the utterly blanched face below her and the bitter tears that fell silently in' Mary's lap. Then she continued j ' Yes, I may as well say it It is. your fault that. I am miserable, and that . . .' again she restrained herself. The sudden' passion had as suddenly burnt down. ' Oh, Inez, Inez, stop. You know the sin, but how can you measure its punishment f ' Mary was humbling herself now, as she had never humbled herself before, but to Inez the words conveyed a \- different meaning ; she thought only of her own acts, the sin and its punishment. She had not meant to sin. The passion had overcome her. Why was she to be punished, and like this— like this ? ' Basil has told you ? ' she 6a id. Her tone was hard and defiant. ' Basil ! Oh, no. Basil loves you too much.' ' He has not told you ? Then I will tell you, Mrs. Whitewood ; you. will like to hear it. Basil has ceased to love me. Don't yon think I know ? Don't you think that love taught me every thought of his, and now— because of — of ? ' 'Tell me,' slid Mary in a frightened whisper. - She had never sean Inez liki this. She did not r3C ignise her, her whole being S38tnei caang^ri.- But onca again the listless expression crept over her faca and she s it do irn on the oea rest chair. 'I must not. Basil said you were not to know ; but vou might have helped it.' 'Oh God! I might?' ' Yes ; I believe that but for you— but for you — but no, I can bear the consequence of my own deed — I want to know— if— if you heard that I— that I . . . What do you call it— that I had siuned — against God and man, would you be unforgiving also ?'. ; . .- . ? ; Then Mary's good angel came to her aid. The pxst bore fruit. She was not a woman of genius, she had not learnt philosophy, she had not trained her mind as had Inez; but there was in her a wisdom to which philosophers can give no name, but the fruit of a repentance which sheds no tears, but which seeks to do something to retrieve the past. She went straight to Inez and put her arms round her neck. She laid her cheek against the fairer cheek whose perfect contour had been the admira tion of two men, aud then she kissed her cold fore head. ''Inez, Inez. There is nothing you have done which needs more forgiveness than my own dueds. How could I condemn you. My child, my poor child, can't you trust me now, now, at last?' 'You say that now. Basil would have said it — but, but — if ? Hush, they are coming. I have said nothing, have I ? Basil forbade it. I am so afraid of — saying what I don't mean ? Hetty knows I am hasty, but ? ' Canon Whitewood opened the door. ' There you are. I hope, Inez, you are better for your quiet time. Most unfortunate on Christmas day. You missed an excellent sermon from the Dean, my dear Mary. He brought a meaning, where really there was none before— quite a tour dc force, ? but clever, decidedly clever.' ' What was his text ?' said Mary, stooping aver some flowers to hide her emotion, ' Then Joseph being raised from sleep. Really, I could have made nothing of that text, but he did. The death of the soul, you know. Sleep, a likeness of spiritual death. Toe obedience, immediate obedience, expected from us, and so on, and Joseph the 'ordinary unimaginative man. Of course, he brought in about the birth of Christ, but that was not so difficult. It really was very good, unusually good. By the way, Inez, Basil has goue for a stroll before lunch. He thought you would prefer quiet to his company. If you are rested, the Deanery girls want you to go in there to- morrow evening. They have the Mummers coming in. Mary, come and take a turn in the garden ; the sun shine is quite summer-like. A beautiful Christmas Day.' Mary followed her husband. They usually walked up and down the old garden walks on Christmas morning, and custom lays a heavy hand upon us in our family circle. ' My punishment is greater than I can bear,' she said to herself. ?' When Basil is gone I must win her confidence and her love. My poor, poor child, and I helped to load her burden. I did it, I Basil's mother, did it.' ' This plant of Christmas rose is beautiful my dear,' said the Canon. 'We planted it the first year we were here. Do you remember ?' Chapter XLL— ' GOODBYE.' Then spare us not Thy fires, The scorching light and pain ; Rum out our sin ; and last ? With Thy love heal again. During all this Christmas Day the black cloud hung like the beaten down smoke of a volcano over the mind of Inez. Basil came in late for luncheon, and was very^ tender with her. inquiring for her head - ache, and insisting upon her lying down when every one went to afternoon service. He had not pressed her to go with them, but they had spoken no word about what was in their minde. Inez wanted him to tell her that that recoil from her on the previous evening was nothing, that he had not meant it, that all was as before. Then came the intense and inde scribable longing that the past could be blotted out from her life. AVasjthis repentance ? No, she could not believe in that. Repentance required a state of mind which she had long cast behind her. But if only she could be free from that recollection, free, free. She had not been free for so long, for even after Marie Hirsch had delivered her from the thraldom of belief, she had not taught her how to leave off lov ing, and that was— 8he knew it now— the strongest tie, the greatest, it the sweetest, bondage on earth. Then came the recollection of Mrs. Whitewood's tender words. If she could have believed in them they would have been like much-desired sleep after Ion? watching. But she could not. Why had his mother changed now ? Only because Basil was no longer hers— no longer put his wife first. The evening came at last. Basil sat up very late, and told her not to wait. He would not disturb her, he said. He had business to do ; he would sleep in his dressing-room. Those were his words as he went upstairs with her. Inez still looked pale, but she was very calm and quiet ; she knew something muBt come and end this time of extreme misery. She could not keep calm for ever. She could not ; the power to do so was forsaking her. Alone in the big old fashioned bedroom, .where she did not teel at home, and where the gloom added to her misery, Inez put on her dressing-gown and sat down near the window. It was not a typical Christmas Day. The fog had cleared away, and a few stars gleamed between the slow-creeping clouds. The bare branches only s'.ightly waved in the wind, and seemed more sullen and angry.. Nature had nothing alarming for Inez now, for her mental agony was far greater than any display of power nature might exhibit. There are some states of the mind which an earthquake would not perturb, some sorrows which efface physi cal fear. Inez was in one of these moods as she sat there trying to pierce the future. . To her it appeared like a thick black space ; the more she advanced in it the blacker it grew. There was no faint distant glimmer to be seen. Mentally she pushed on, the light must come— it must. She was so young— so young to feel interminable sorrow. Suddenly she jumped up and walked up and down the room. She would nor go to bsd ; she would wait till Basil came up ; and then, then she would ask him where the light was and where the darkness would end. But evidently Basil, too, had thoughts to occupy him, for 1 o'clock struck and still Inez was waiting, sometimes walking up and down the room, sometimes sitting near the window watching bow the stars changed their places. ... Two o'clock struck. It was like an eternity of suffering, a belief Inez had long ago rejected * and now she wondered why she bad so easily parted with that conviction. Eternal punishment might mean not that it lasted for ever, but that some impression ' once received would never again be obliterated. Three o'clock from the old cathedral towei. Inez was sinking with bodily fatigue when at last she heard her husband's step upon the stairs. By this time all the house was still ; as still, at least, as these old houses can be, for, ever and anon, they seem to be inhabited with ghosts of past thoughts and past actions. The old oak beams crack surely beneath the weight of an invisible foot. The old chairs also ? have occupants, for all their joints emit sound, and the thoughts whisper together. The living are very arrogant when they fancy they alone - inhabit this old, old world. Basil opened his dressing-room door. Inez saw the light shining under the doorway which alone separated them. He was near her now, but suddanly she was afraid, afraid of him, of Basil. The 'idea seemed to strange and unnatural that s'ae trembled. ' ' Blot out the handwriting of our offences.' These words flashed into her mind. There were some w-ho asked God, Him whom they called their Maker, to 'blot out the handwriting of their offences ' when they could not ask the same mercy of their fellow- creatures, with, a belief that tue prayer would be granted. Our memories were terrible indelible records ; we found it very difficult to blot out anything from them, especially the sin of our fellow-creatures towards us. Man could not forget, and that meant he could not forgive. Then how could God forget and forgive ': said Inez to her self. She was so weary, so utterly wretched now be cause Basil would not forgive her. She would ask him— she must ask Tiim. If there was a God, were not all those promises given to man to assure them of His forgiveness. ' Though your sins l-e as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow.' How strange that these words of Scripture should possess her mind now. How strange— how strange ! Her hand was upon the lock of the door. She opened it, and suddenly stood before her husband. Her face was so deadly pale that she looked more like a ghost than a human being. ' Bisil — Basil.' Her voice was so low that he scarcely heard the words, but he saw her. ' Oh, Inez ! Not in bed? You really ought not to do this. It is wilful folly. You will kill your self.' He was annoyed, and showed it. Inez forgot that his own strength was sorely taxed. ' I must speak to you.' ' Sit down here, darling,' he said, his voise softening at once, the first moment only having taken him unawares. He drew forth a large arm chair and placed her in it. Inez was still strong of will ; she grasped the arms with her nervous hands and looked straight at him, at Basil, but Basil slowly looked away. He felt as if he were the'guilty one. ' Why have you eat up so late, Basil V' ' Because I was finishing up some business ; I have had a talk with my mother.' Inez grasped the chair more firmly still. ' Ah, then ?' ' She will undertake to tell my father. I am afraid to— about my work I mean, aud then I am going to- morrow to stay with Gifford. That is, dear, if you don't mind. I think it will be best, j shall think calmly there and look round for some fresh work. * It is not quite fair to live on my father's allowance.' ' My money, Basil, you forget ? ' 'No, that is yours. A woman is happier with money of her own. Besides, you have plans, I know ? ' Inez looked down in silence. Her dark eyelashes rested on her pale cheeks, and the shadow made her look as if she were sleeping— the long sleep. ' He will not touch iny money,' she said to herself, and her heart sank. ' How long shall you be away?' ' Oh, it depends.' He rose and walked away a few steps as if to increase the distance between them — as if to get farther away from the powerful fascina tion of her whole person. ?'''': 'On what?' ' ? . ' -^ i ?' When I can see things clearly, Inez ; when God gives me new strength and new courage. Then ? ' ' But if He does not give it to you.' ' God forbid,' muttered Basil. 'Inez, He will, He will. My mother will pray for me.' 'For you?' Inez spoke softly— the bitter irony was in the words, not the tone. ' He sends his angel sometimes to men. He gave her to me.' ' And Basil— didn't He give me to you ? Don't I love you — more than myself— Basil ; don't go ? ' . She started up and came towards him. He stood still. The wild impulse belonging to her southern nature seized her. She threw herself beside him. ' Basil, don't kill me slowly ; I have hidden nothing from you. If you think that I ought to be punished, don't doubt that I am. If it was a tin— I — I am brought very low by it. But don't go, don't leave me.' ' I must, Inez.' He lifted her up and almost carried her to a couch. ' You can't understand it all yet. It is for your, good that I am going. I must be alone, I must think it out ; then I will come back and we will begin a new life together.' Inex shook her head. ' The past makes the present, Basil. I know that now. If you go, you will never come back.' ' What nonsense,' he said. Inez was hurting him by leaving him out of her suffering. He craved for solitude— these meetings, these talks, were agony t:- him. He must go, as he said, and think out this problem. He must ? ' Darling, you will be safe here— you will stay with my mother — promise me.' ' Where else should. I go?' she asked this ques tion-like a child who has but one home. ' Inez, my mother will be very tender if only you will trust her.' But the torpor was creeping over the weary brain again. She hardly heard him. ' I think I had better go to bed,' ehe said, rising. ' Yes, dearest, you will be ill if yon will not take care of yourself. And look here. It is better to say goodbye now. Don't get up to see me off. I shall go quite early to avoid all explanation. Hetty will be here and my mother. You will have every care, and when I come back. — Oh, darling, God will have pointed out the way He wishes usto go— to go toge ther.' . ' Yes, Basfl.' ?' - ? ' And He will show me how we may lead a life that will be worthy of— one's powers. Some expia tion He will show me, and how to share it with you in work. I can't tell how now, but I shall see':it when I come back. I have learnt ; I am learning ,hat is, that He does not forsake one in time of need. Good night, darling, and maywe^— may we be forgiven. / You and I, you and I toge&er.;' '? .-She hung her head too -weary to answer him again. Only she heard bis words. Basil was good— there was a difference between good and bad, but why should he go away? His presence alone kept her alive. But he said he must. He was good, so good ; but when he was gone, when he did not see her ; when she could not appeal to him, then — then, the recoil would come back. They had reached the door, and she paused. ' Basil, don't go . . ' she repeated. He would not argue it out again, only he kissed her. ? Then he returned to his room, gathered up some papers, and went down stairs till morning dawned. It was 8 o'clock when Mary came down stairs ex pecting to see Basil. She had arranged with him the previous evening that she would see him off, so that Inez should not be disturbed. She was calm and even cheerful. She Was bent now upon dning her best for her children. Whatever was their trouble, their great trouble, their mother must not make it worse by her sadness ;' she must keep up and give them some of her own strength. Basil looked very careworn, but he smiled as she entered. ' Dear mother, you are good. It was too bad of me to get you up so early.' ' No dear, not too bad ; you know I like it. I hope Inez is still asleep.' ' Yes.' ' Be sure that I will look after her. I hope she won't mind my taking care of her ; but Hetty . here, and between us you may set your mind at rest.' ' Ye3, 1 know I may. I won't write till I see my way plainer. Then I shall write before coming back. If ? . No, I'll wait aud tell you everything when I have decided.' ' I'll be very patient, Basil. I only want your hap piness and hers.' All too soon, it was time to go. The goodbye had to come, but to Mary all the bitterness had gone out of it. ' ' God bless you, mother, God bless you.' So Basil went away cofnforted a little, but with the ter rible thought in his mind : ' Last night I could not say, ? God bless you' to Inez— I could not.' (To be continued.) 