CHAPTER XXVIII. SLOWLY, slowly the long hot weeks past wearily away. Marion still bore up bravely; but her face grew thinner still and her large gray eyes shone with an almost unnatural lustre. She did not complain of any of her miseries; but her father noticed that she could no longer control the piteous quivering of her lips when again and again he returned from Elk Head in answer to her unspoken inquiries. Lady Monteith wrote con stantly, but no other letter came to cheer Marion's loving heart. - When however Jim Murdock offered her his rough sympathy on her failing health, the girl rejected it haughtily, de claring that it was only the heat that tried her, and that the work would seem easier when the cooler weather came. But, when the winter had come and gone, and once more, under the influence of the glorious Canadian spring, the snow melted away and the trees and shrubs burst suddenly into leaf as if at the touch of a magician's wand, it would have been difficult to recognise in the dreary careworn face and stooping listless figure the beautiful girl who a year before had taken Jim Murdock's heart by storm. The hardships of a Canadian settler's winter indeed can scarcely be over-esti mated-the intense terrible cold that seems to freeze the very blood in a new comer's veins, the white glittering ex panse at which the eyes ache, and the horrible, horrible loneliness I It seemed to the g;rl that the world had ceased to exist for her. The men, c!.ad in com plete suits of macintosh, with two or three pairs of socks on, to preveut their feet from getting frost- bitten, were able to go about to some slight extent; but for months together Marion did not go farther than a hundred yards from the homestead. Again and again Hartley Lyle cleared the snow away that she might have the opportunity of taking even this small amount of exercise; but farther than this she could not venture; nor had she suffi cient spirit even to desire to do so. For, although she was enveloped from head to foot in the splendid furs with which her aunt's forethought had provided her, she could not manage to get herself even tolerably warmf A trail in the snow had been made from her father's hut to Jim Murdock's place arid from there to Elk Head; but Marion often regretted that this-was so, since scarcely a day passed on which it was possible to travel that Murdock's sleigh did not appear, drawn by the beautiful Firefly, who tossed his silver bells proudly, as though he deligh ted in the musical peal. As the winter dragged wearily a way, it needed all the girl's firmness and deter mination to keep the man, whose admira tion, strangely enough, did not "alter where it alteration found," at all at a proper distance. But for Hartley Lyle, who many a time had protected her from the boor's insolent attentions, she saw that this would often have been beyond her power altogether, for, to her horror, she was obliged to admit that her father, far from screening her, actually appeared to encourage him, and try to incite him to still further rough demonstrations of his now openly-expressed affection. Marion often thought with a trembling heart of what she should do if anything happened to Hartley Lyle, who erery day appeared to be getting weaker and more gaunt; for Bill Morris seemed to share her father's delight at any sign of morti fication on her part when Murdock's devotion became oppressively evident. There was still another winter before her, and she felt, with an awful shudder, that it would be impossible to exist unless there was a protector at hand. But, though these terrible imaginings had blanched Marion's checks many a time, it was not this fear or hard work and deprivation, or the' want of all com fort in life, that in one year had changed her from a young fresh-hearted girt into a woman full of care and sorrow. Paul had forgotten her ; and all other troubles sunk into insignificance under the terrible weight ol this burden of grief. Three times she had written to him, and once to Hilda Bruce, begging for news ; but no word of answer had come. Her father, to whom the letters were in trusted, and who had suppressed them all, pretended the greatest interest in the matter, and by his advice she had direc ted two of them to the country estate of Paul's cousin, Sir Sydney Edmiston, which had been given her as a permanent address; but, as these aiso evoked no reply, at length, with many sighs and tears, humiliated to the dust, she admit ted to herself that her love had blinded her, that his original letter contained no such meaning as she had ascribed to it, and that it had been written only that he might not have at any future time to re proach himself with want of courtesy to wards her. Her wretchedness throughout this mis crable time was increased a hundredfold from the fact that, except at night, she could never indulge her grief openly. All out-of-door work, except that in the stable, was necessarily suspended during the time that the snow lay thick upon the ground, and, there being no stove in her own room, Marion was absolutely forced to spend all her days in the close living room, in which Bill Morris and her father smoked incessantly, utterly regardless of Hartley Lyle's awful paroxyms of cough ing, which each day grew more alarmingly violent. Sometimes Ferrol would accompany Jim Murdock in his sleigh, and stay away for a day or two; but Bill Morris was always there; and Marion, perceiv ing that her father was always more brutal in his manner after these holidays, in consequcnce of unusually liberal liba-1 tions, soon came to regret his departure, as the relief of his absence was more than counterbalanced by fear of his wild ex-' citement on his return. Only at night could she venture even to think, and throughout the long hours of darkness, losing consciousness only at brief inter vals, she would lie awake shivering with cold and moaning and sobbing with misery. By the time the spring came, Marion had no heart to rejoice at anything; but, listless and indifferent as she was, to some extent she was unconsciously comforted when the warm sunshine melted the snow away and the vegetation burst into green ness and life. Even Herbert Ferrol, sluggard as he was, felt the influence of the season ; and Marion, heaved a sigh of relief when at .last one morning she saw the three men walk off to work again, and knew that until the mid-day meal she would be alone and could think and weep undisturbed. She was congratulating herself too soon however. She was still employed upon her household duties when her ear was attracted by the sound of a horse's hoof galloping over the sward, and, to her dismay, she perceived Jim Murdock, dressed in his best, and mounted upon Firefly, tearing towards the hut. At a word from him the animal stood still; and then, leaping from the saddle, with j the bridle over his arm, Murdock ad-1 vanced to Marion, with his eyes sparkling with pleasure. I ' Well,' he cried, seizing her hand and holding it tightly, despite her efforts to free herself,'did your father tell you I was coming?' ' No,' said the girl nervously ; «he went off to work about half-an-hour ago. But they have not gone far, I know; they are over there,' she continued, point ing to a rise in the ground. '' Oh, bless your heart, I didn't come to see your father-don't you make any" mistake 1' Jim said, with a chuckle, re leasing her hand after raising it to his lips. ' Now don't look so cross; one would think I had bitten you. Poor little hand, it's so rough and red and chapped that I can't bear to see it! Well, you know you've only got to say the word, and there's no more hard work for you. I might have done more than kiss your hand, miss, for there's no Hartley Lyle in the way to interfere now. I tell you plainly I shan't be able to stand that fellow long. But never mind-I don't want to talk about him. I've come to take you for a ride; your father said I might the very first day as it was fit. My word, haven't I watched the weather! Now come on-give over work this morn ing, like I have; a gallop will do you no end of good. Why, miss, you look like a ghost-you're as thin as a wafer, and your skin is regularly parched up and your eyes are-as red as red 1 I'm sure you ought to reckon me a constant chap, for you're not a bit like the girl you was a year ago; and yet hang me if I'm not more fond of you than ever. Come ou, now-I'm all agog for a good canter with you. I want to see if we can't bring a few of them roses back into your : cheeks; they are regular whitey-brown paper at the present time.' ' I wish you would go,' Marion said angrily, her lip curling with disgust as she_re-entered the cottage, ' Vou know I dislike this sort of thing very much; I've told you so a hundred times. You are perfectly aware that I cannot ride with you even if I deiired it, which I don't You might know that, consider ing the number of times I have refused to sleigh with you.' 'Oh, yes-I remember!' replied Jim, chuckling again. 'But you don't sup pose I'm the sort of chap to pay much attention to a girl's " No," do you ? Water wears away a stone if you drip it long enough, and I can wait; but I'll get my way in the end, miss-don't you make any mistake! I'm going to take my saddle off Firefly and clap it on to Tyrant -I can ride the brute, though it would be death to you to mount him-and then I puts your saddle on to Firefly, and you atop of it. Lor bless you, once you feel Firefly moving under you, your spirits will go up, like a rocket, sky-high 1 That beast understands every word you sayj and she's as full of spirits and playfulness as an egg's full of meat-and fuller too ! Why, you just try her. Get up on her back andtell her to go home, and she'll go as straight as a needle points. There's no need to guide her.' ' I cannot come,' said Marion shortly. ' It is useless asking ine.' ' Oh, here, I say,' persisted Jim, ' you j must come. I'm not going to be done out of my pleasure like this. Don't you set up your will against mine, miss,' he j continned, with a laugh, ' for I warn you,' once I've got the saddle on Firefly's back, hang me if I don't set you atop of it whether you will or not; so you'd best give in with a good grace.' ' I will not come with you I' Marion exclaimed, with flashing eyes. . And I don't believe you arc such a coward as I you pretend to be !' | ' Oh, I say,' muttered the other,' don't use hard words! I'm no coward, but I'll have my own way, for all that. Now where's your saddle ? Oh, I know your father told me you had got it set up in your room I Now, then, let me pass 1' 11 will not I' Marian cried. ' How dare you force yourself on me like this ? Leave the place at once 1 I tell you nothing shall inducc me to accompany you!' ' Oh, well, we'll see about that!'-and with that Jim Murdock threw his arms round the shrinking girl and was gently lifting her from the door of her own room when he felt himself suddenly seized by the collar from the back, and discovered that Hartley Lyle stood there trembling with rage. 