The Agricultural Bureau. The business done at the fifth annual congress of Agricultural Bureau branches held last week, at Adelaide, did not include any work that attracted very much public attention. Several papers of more or less value were read, amongst which were some giving suggestions as to how to increase the usefulness of branches, including a proposal to raise the number of members to 20—a question which was left to branches to discuss during the year, and which is undoubtedly well-worthy of consideration. In a quiet way the Congress will, no doubt, be productive of much good in stimulating thought and action, but the usefulness of the Bureau is best seen in the beneficial work effected by branches throughout the colony in affording means by which agriculturists, horticulturists and pastoralists may exchange ideas, and thus help towards the improvement of each others knowledge and efforts by mutual advice. We know that in many cases in this district branches have proved most beneficial, and it is gratifying to notice that their number during the past year increased from 73 to 82. This is a good sign, for it shows that cultivators are taking more interest in their work, and are possessed of a desire for advancement A more hopeful prospect than is usually held out at present to wheatgrowers was embodied in the report of the President, the Hon. F. Krichauff, who, having congratulated farmers on reaping, with comparatively few exceptions, a good crop, regretted that the markets of the world are at present so bad, and added that as the price has never been so low an improvement may be looked for. " If we look," says he, " through European newspapers we may find yet some encouragement to grow wheat. Much of the land now used for wheat growing will be laid down for pasture or used for cultivating something else. The great drought in Europe of last year has decimated the cattle or left them weak lor doing farm work. Ever so many food substitutes have been tried, even sawdust, but without effectually supplying the hay and straw famine. The dung- heap is smaller, the inability to purchase manures after the poor crop, low price of produce and of cattle, only exceptional, and thus the crops for the present and perhaps the next year will be either poorer or the acreage smaller than usual. We are also told that the low price of wheat, through importation, notwithstanding the duty, and the total want of feeding stuffs will induce a large number of farmers in France and elsewhere to grow oats, as the straw is excellent fodder and the grain well suited for dairy cows. I would wish to encourage our farmers to try again and hope for better times." This is cheering but we do not hold with it all and as stated in previous articles believe that mixed farming where possible is safer for many reasons. Allusion was also made in the report to the benefits derived from Co-operative Unions, to the importance of growing green crops, and making ensilage, and to the advantages of butter factories, pig breeding, freez ing works, bee keeping, and fruit growing. Next Thursday a congress of local branches will be held at Quorn. It is to be hoped that the district will be well represented for the project is one that deserves to be successful. Indeed we see no reason why a congress of the kind should not be made a half- yearly or yearly institution. We throw out this suggestion believing it to be worthy of consideration at Thursday's gathering. INSTITUTE MEETING.—It is elsewhere notifiedthat a special general meeting of subscribers to the Port Aognsta InBtitnte will be faeld next Friday. NEW INSOLVENT.—Charles Alfred Page, of Quorn, licensed victualler, waa adjudicated on Taesday last at Port Augusta. The first meeting will be held on Monday, March 19 and the first bearing, April 16. GOVERNMENT LAND SALES.—The following town allotments were sold by auction at the Land Office on Thursday:— Town of Marree, at Hergott Springs— Allotments 218,219,222, Goal Mahommet, £2 15s. Town of Oodnadatta—Allotments 31 and 32, A. Hewisb, £2 15s. Lecture.—Next Wednesday evening, the Rev. Wm. Beady will deliver an address in the Port Augusta Town Hall, entitled "From London Streets to the Pulpit" or " The Story of my Life." An interview with the Rev. gentleman, who has acquired a high reputation as a lecturer in New Zealand, is published in another column. SALES OF HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE.— Mr R. Fawcett will offer for sale tomorrow, in TasBie-Btreet, a quantity of household furniture. In the evening Mr Fawcett will hold a sale also of furniture, at the Institute Hall. Particulars regarding both sales are published in onr auction column. SALE REAR WILMINGTON.—Next Wednesday a clearing-out sale of stock and farming implements, will be held at the farm of Mr C. A. Bartecb, four and a quarter miles from Wilmington. The goodwill of 330 acres will be also offered. Mr E. P. Dignan is the auctioneer. Farther particulars are published elsewhere. A WABNING,—Mr H. Brown writes to ns from Thorga that the road between Tardea and Fowler's Bay is very dry. " There are," be adds, " about 60 horsemen camped about 40 miles the other side of Tardea wbo cannot get through for want of water. It would be advisable for you to warn people from coming up wbo are not fully prepared to carry water." GUN ACCIDENT.—Last Saturday a serious accident happened to Mr John William Gleeson, Government caretaker of Coralbignie Station. It appears he bad been shooting pigeons on the run with a teamster named George West, who was camped some eight miles from the station. The latter'e thumb slipped whilst putting down the trigger of bis gun and the charge exploding some of the shot entered the neck, beck of the head, and shoulders of Mr GleeBon, who at the time was about 30 yards distant. West at once rode to the station for a buggy, which be procured, and drove the sufferer to Port Augusta West, from whence be was brought to the Hospital by the police. He was treated by Dr Markham, who reports the case to be of a serious nature, paralysis haviog set in on the right side. Mr Gleeson, who is an elderly man, is well-known throughout the colony, being at one time possessed of considerable property. THE FRUIT GROWING CAPABILITIES OF THE POST AUGUSTA DISTRICT.—Mr Jobn Lewis, one of the proprietors of the largest fruit garden at Stirling, writing to the proprietor of tbe Dispatch from Kooriuga, with reference to an article published in our last issue entitled, " The Stirling Fruit Gardens," says :—" The description of our garden is very good, and should do much to stimulate others to follow our example. There are tens of thousands of scree on the east and west side of the Flinders Range very similar land to ours. I am sure there is a far better prospect in the neighborhood of Port Augusta for fruit growing than there is at either Beomark or Mildura. Our north soil is almost inexhaustible, and with water conserved at the foot of the slopes, the coBt of irrigation will be far less than on the river, where you have to lift every drop. If our Government wanted to settle the people on the land they would do well to put dams across some of the creeks leading into the Willochra plains. Give a man five acres and water to irrigate same and he should make a good living. Tbe time will come when people will open their eyes and see the advantage of our deep alluvial plains. Very few at present really know their value. It was Mr James Loudon, senr., who planted the first trees and vines at Stirling some 40 years ago, not Mr Goodier. Mr Loudon took tbe land from tbe Crown." PORT AUGUSTA REFORM CLUB.—There was a good attendance at the Beform Club meeting on Monday night, and Mr Geo. Abbott presided. It was decided to accept the offer of the Port Augusta Literary Society to debate some subject relating to the " Beform Movement," and a committee was appointed to make the necessary arrangements. The Electoral Law reform plank of tbe National Defence League's platform was discussed at con siderable length, and resolutions were passed in favor of adult (instead of man hoodj suffrage, and three instead of six months' registration. The question of a property qualification for tbe Upper House was debated, and the following resolution was carried, " that we disagree with clause C, and believe that the Legislative Council ought to be abolished, and the referendum substituted." On the subject of com pulsory conciliation there was much expression of opinion, and the question was left over till next meeting, when the club will also discuss the repurchase of land for small holdings, sub-division of large estates, payment of members, and retrenchment in tbe Government service. P.A. LITERARY AND DEBATING SOCIETY. —The first meeting of the session was held on Tuesday evening in the Town Hall, there being a good attendance. Mr James Holdsworth occupied tbe chair The Secretary (Mr W. W, Goodhart) reported that tbe average attendance for the proceeding quarter of 13 meetings was : Members, 12 6-13; visitors, 10 10-13; aDd for the past three quarters—members, 12 8-13; visitors, 7 7-13. In comparison with the previous session the attendance of members was about the same, but of visitors it bad doubled. The average attendance of visitors in tbe first quarter in 1892 was only 1 3-7. The following syllabus was then agreed to:—March 6th— Question box debate; March 13th—Impromptu competitive readings chosen by Mr N.A.Webb, Messrs Hunter, Wain wright, W. W. Good hart, and Cooke; March 20th— Address, " The Watabele War," Mr Wainwright; March 27tb—Debate, " Women s Suffrage," Messrs Bothwell apd Cooke; April 3rd—Prepared poems, Messrs Goodhart, Eirwan, Browne, and Holdsworth ; April 10th—Address, " Gladutone," Bev. Martin; April 17th—Manuscript magazine, contributors, Rev. R. Mitchell, Hunter, Stephens and G. B. Bryant; April 24th— Debate with the Reform Club, Messrs Holdsworth, Lecky, and Webb ; May 1st —AddreBS, " Electricity and its Developments," Mr Harkness; May 8tb—Recitations, Messrs Browne, Bryant, Stephens, Hallett, and Webb; May 15th—Address, " Ghosts and Goblins," Mr Polglase, and "Some old Myths," Mr Goodhart; May 22nd—Address, "Tbeosophy,"Mr Kirwan ; May 29tb—Novelettes, Messrs Browne, Rev. Martin, and Holdsworth. A variety of subjects chosen from tbe question box were discuesed including "The Missing Link," " Should tbe Government assist by money grants settlement on the land?" " Was Napolean or Wellington the more able general?" and "Is the democratic tendency of the age oondocive to the well-being of tbe toman race ?" THE RECENT DROWNING ACCIDENT.— The body of MIBS Mary Anne Farley who was drowned when bathing on Wednesday evening was found at 6 o'clock on Saturday morning near Dunn's jetty by Constables Bobb and Smith. Dragging operations which were carried on until a late honr on Wednesday night were continued all Thursday and Friday. Six charges of dynamite were exploded on Friday afternoon near where the accident took place. There was no apparent immediate result but it is supposed that the explosion shifted the body out of tbe .seaweed and it drifted down to tbe jetty. Besides the police private parties also engaged in the search and on Friday tbe brother of tbe deceased and others proceeded some distance np tbe gulf. As a number of sharks bad been seen tbe two previous days it had been feared by some that tbey bad devoured the body, but on discovery it was found to be uninjured. It was marked by the grappling irons. Considerable satisfaction W8s generally expressed at its recovery. An inqueBt was not daemed necessary. The funeral took place on Saturday, tbe remains being interred in the Stirling cemetery. THE STEAMER WAROONGA AND THE MABIKE BOARD.—The Harbormaster at Port Adelaide has reported to the Marine Board that on measuring the boat space on tbe steamer Waroonga he found that on leaving Port Augusta for Western Australia recently she had sufficient accommodation for 388 persons all told. There were on board 413 passengers besides the crew. Tbe captain bas explained to the Marine Board that there was no intention on bis part to evade the Marine Board Act, but that be omitted to make application to have bis passenger certificate extended to enable bim to take the larger number of passengers actually on board on sailing. Two extra large boats were shipped in Melbourne, and two rafts were placed on board at Port Adelaide, and ample lifebuoys and belts were provided. The case was dealt with at the meeting of the Marine Board on Thursday. It was thought by some of tbe wardens that tbe captain should be proceeded against, but it was ultimately decided, says the Begitter, that as tbe Harbormaster bad proved that there was insufficient boat space he should be severely reprimanded. BAD FOB A DISAGREEABLE MAN.—A correspondent sends ns the following from a Northern town :—A resident of the place was leaving, and decided to dispose of bis horse by raffle, 20 tickets at 10s each. The butcher of the town went into a hotel and was asked to take a ticket. He did so. A " fenookabout man of tbe town" sitting in the bar said he would like a chance, and BBked tbe butcher to pay for a ticket for bim. The butcher consented on conditions that if either won the horse they were to go halves. The knockabout man's ticket won, but he had not been able to find tbe 10s. Tbe butcher took the horse home and offered bis partner £5 for his share in tbe animal, but he would not take less than £10. The buteher said he would work him in bis cart, but his partner objected and said he would shoot his half the first time he saw bim in harness. Next morning tbe horse was caught in the street. The District Ranger put it in the pound. The butcher said nothing Knockabout man was still able to find a shilling or two to visit a hotel, where he told his friends he would see the butcher and the horse in H— before he would take it out of the pound. Tbe horse was eventually sold by the poundkeeper, and realized just enough to pay fees and maintainence whilst in pound. The butchor was the purchaser. LEIGH'S CREEK COAL MINE. — It stated that Mr W. H. Morgan, who ba6 been manager of this mine for over a year, has resigned his position, and that his resignation has been accepted. We are certain that all interested in the mine should like to know how matters are progressing—if they are progressing at all. Nearly six months ago when the preBent Board of Directors waa elect* d, tbe public was led to expect an improvement in the management of affairs ; but really there is very little outward sign of any Of course we can't tell who is to blame. We should have given at least three members of tbe present board credit for having some go" in them. A gentleman was, we casually heard, sent up last month to make an expert report on the mine, and it has been whispered that this was not favorable to the former management.. Now we hear that the manager has resigned and left the colony, and some persons express no regret. About tbree months ago a trial waB madr of 10 tons of the coal, which was superin tended by Mr J. B. Austin, one of the directors, and the results as published were highly satisfactory. Several weeks later Mr Giles, another director, superintended a trial of the coal on the railway north of Hergott, which was reported unsuccessful. Why is it the directors do not take the shareholders a little more into their confidence, and let them know more about these trials and reports, and what their plans are (if any) for carrying on the mine ? TRACKING A THIEF.—Mounted Constable Carter, of the Innamincka Police Station reports that whilat at Cordillo recently Sam, an aboriginal, arrived and informed Mr Wetherby that they had found in the sandhills a bullock that had been lately killed. Tbe meat had been taken away and the bones buried. They proceeded to the epot and found the tracks of two horsemen where they had rounded up the cattle in the sandhills. Mounted Constable Carter, however, was unable to track them on fiat country, rain had fallen. Returning to Innamincka Walter Willison a boundary-rider, tolii the constable that he had had a lot of his rations stolen from his hut on February 13th. The hut was situated about twelve miles east of the station. He made enquiries from Annie, a lubra, and Sam, blackboy, and they said that they saw a man ride up to tbe hut leading a pack horse. This man is said to be Toohey who waB working on the station last year He forced tbe window of tbe hut open and the natives saw him take somethin away. Toohey was arrested by th. constable and brought before a Magistrate at Innamincka. The caee was adjourned till March 1st, JETTY TOLLS AT PORT AUGUSTA WEST On Monday Messrs J. Monle and A. Poynton, members of tbe Assembly for Flinders, accompanied by Mr Bicbardson Mayor of Port Augusta West, asked the' Treasurer that instructions should be given to cause only one jetty toll to be levied instead of carrying out tbe arrange ment recently introduced by the Marine Board of having two tolls, an arrangement causing inconvenience to and complaint by the residents, who, it was contended should not be made to suffer because of the Marine Board and the Railway Com missioners failing to agree as to their departmental working. It was regretted that the Marine Board had acted precipitately in the matter and the deputation asked that the former practice should be reverted to. The Treasurer promised to make immediate enquiries and forward a reply. The members called on tbe Treasurer again on Wednesday to request that pending the settlement of the dispute one of tbe tolls charged on goods at Port Augusts West jetty should be refunded. Tbe Treasurer said he would refer the matter to the Railway Commissioners with the request that an arrangement be at once made so that there should be no farther complaint by the public. 