A Terrible Mystery. (Commenced t» our issue of 5th May.) PART n. XXIII.—The second ending of the tragedy. CHAPTER XXII. —Continued. The sun was high in the sky when she awoke. She raised herself upon her elbow and looked around, bewildered. In a second yesterday flashed upon her, and her journey of to-day. She arose, made her morning toilet, and rang for her maid. Breakfast was waiting—it was past 9 o'clock, and she could leave Carnarvon in three quarters of an hour. ' She made an effort to eat and drink; but it was little better than an effort. She gave Jamison his parting instructions—he was to remain here till to-morrow; by that time orders would come from Powyss Plaoe. Then, in the dress she had travelled in yesterday, she entered the railway carriage and started on her return journey. How speedily her honeymoon had ended! A curious sort of smile passed over her face as she thought it. She had not anticipated Elysium—quite— but she certainly had [anticipated something very different from this. She kept back thought resolutely— she would not think— she sat and looked at the genial October landscape flitting by. Sooner or later the floodgates would open, but not yet. It was about three in the afternoon when the fly from the railway drove up to the stately portico entrance of Powyss Place. She paid and dismissed the man, and knocked unthinkingly. The servant who opened the door fell back, staring at her, as though she had been a ghost. • Is Lady Helena at home ?' Lady Helena was at home — and stall the men stared blankly as he made the reply. She swept past him, and made her way, unannounced, to her ladyship's private rooms. She tapped at die door. ' Oome in,' said [the familiar voice, and ehe obeyed. Then a startled cry rang oat. Lady Helena arose and stood spellbound, gazing in mute consternation at the pale girl before her. ' Edith!' she could but juet gasp. ' What is this ? Where is Victor ?' Edith came in, closed the door, and quietly faced her ladyship. ' I have not the faintest idea where Sir Victor Catheron may be at this present moment. Wherever he is, it is to be hoped he is able to take oare of himself. 1 know I have not seen him since four o'clock yesterday afternoon.' The lips of Lady Helena moved, font no sound oame from them. Some great and nameless terror seemed to have fallen upon her. ' It was rather an nnusual thing to do,' the dear, steady tones of the bride went on, ' but being very tired after •the journey, I fell asleep in the cottage paxlonr at Carnarvon, half an hour aftra our arrival. Sir Victor had left me to take p walk and a smoke, he said. It was nearly seven when I awoke. I was still alone. Tour nephew had some and gone.' 'Gone!' ' Gone—and left this for me. Read it, Lady Helena, and you will see that in returning here, I am only obeying my lord and master's command." She took the note from her pocket, and presented it. Her ladyship took it, read it, -her faoe growing a dreadful ashen gray. ' So soon!' she said, in a sort of whisper ; ' that it Bhould have fallen upon him so soon ! Oh! I feared it! I feared it! I feared it! I feared it!' ' Yon feared it!' Edith repeated, watching her intently. 'Does that mean your ladyship understands this . * Heaven liftp me! I am afraid to do.' • " . _ 'It means, then, : what : have thought it meant: that when I married Sir Viotor yesterday I married : a madman!' . There was a sort of moan from Lady ^Helena—no.other reply. Insanity is in the Catheron blood— X knew that from the first Hie father lived and died a maniac. The father's fate is the son's. It has lain dormant for three-and-twenty years, to break out on his wedding-day. Lady Helena, am I right ?' But Lady Helena was sobbing convulsively now. Her sobs were her only reply. ' It is hard on you,' Edith said, with a dreary sort of pity. * You loved him.' ' And you did not,' the elder woman retorted, looking up. ' You loved your cousin, and you married my poor unhappy boy for his title and his wealth. It would have been better for him had he died than ever set eyes on your face.' ' Much better,' Edith answered steadily. ' Better for him—better for me. You are right, Lady Helena Powyss, I loved my cousin, and I married your nephew for his title and his wealth. I deserve all you can say of me. The worst will not be half bad enough.' Her ladyship's face drooped again ; her suppressed sobbing was the only sound to be heard. " I have come to you,' Edith went on, ' to tell yon the truth. I don't ask what this secret is he speaks of ; I don't wish to know. I think he should be looked after. If he is insane he should not be allowed to go at large.' 'If he is insane!' Lady Helena cried, looking up again angrily. You do well to say if. He is no more insane than you are!' Edith stood still looking at her. The last traoe of color faded from her face. ' Not insane,' she whispered, as if to herself ; ' not insane, and—he deserts me!' ' Oh, what have I said!' Lady Helena cried; 'forgive me, Edith—I don't know what I am saying—I don't know what to think. Leave me alone and let me try to understand it, if I can. Your old rooms are ready for yon. You have come to remain with me, of oourse.' ' For the present—yes. Of the future I have not yet thought. I will leave you alone, Lady Helena, as you desire. I will not trouble you again until tomorrow.' She was quitting the room. Lady Helena arose and took her in her arms, her face all blotted with a rain of tears; ' My child! my child!' she said, ' it is hard on you—so young, so pretty, and only married yesterday! Edith, you frighten me! What are you made of ? You look like a stone!' The girl sighed—a long, weary, heart sick sigh. ' I feel like a stone. I can't cry. I think I have no heart, no soul, no feeling, no conscience—that I am scarcely a human being. I am a hardened, callous wretch, for which any fate is too good. Don't pity me, dear Lady Helena; waste one tear on me. I'm not worth it." She touchedher lipBto the wetoheek, and went slowly on her way. No heart, no soul! ifshe had, both felt benumbed, dead. She seemed herself a century old, as she toiled on to her familiar rooms. They met no more that day, each kept to her own apartments. The afternoon set in wet and wild; the rain fell ceaselessly and dismally; an evening to depress the happiest dosed down.| It was long after dark when there came a ring at the bell, and the footman, opening the door, saw the figure of a man muffled and disguised in slouoh hat and great-coat. He held an umbrella over his head, and a scarf was twisted about the lower part of his faoe. In a husky voice, stifled by the scarf, he asked for Lady Helena. ' Her ladyship's at home,' the footman answered rather superciliously, 'but she don't see strangers at this hour.' 'Give her this,' the stranger said; 'she will see me.' In spite of hat, scarf, and umbrella, there was something familiar in the air of the visitor, something familiar in his tone. The man took the note suspiciously and passed it to another, who passed it to ner ladyship's maid. The mud passed it to her ladyship, and her ladyship road.it with a cry, - Show him into the library at once I will go down.' The muffled man was shown in, still wearing hat and scarf. The library was but dimly lit. He stood like t dark shadow among the other shadows, An instant later the door opened and Lady Helena, pale and wild, appeared on the threshold. ' It is.' she faltered, ' it is—you!' She approached slowly, her terrified eyes riverted on the hidden face. ' It is L Lock the door.' She obeyed, she oame nearer. He drew awsy the scarf, lifted the hat, and showed the face of Sir Victor Oath eron. CHAPTER XXM. THE SECOND ENDING OF THE TRAGEDY, The morning dawned over Powyss Place—dawned in a wild wind and driving rain still—dawned upon Edith, deserted more straugely than surely bride was ever deserted before. Bhe had darkened her chamber; she had forced herself resolutely to sleep. But the small hours had oome before she had succeeded, and it was close upon ten when the dark eyes opened from dreamland to life. Strange mock ery! it was ever of Charley and the days that were forever gone she dreamed now. For hours and hours she had paced her room the evening and night before, all the desolation, all the emptiness and loss of her life spread out before her. She had sold herself deliberately and with her eyes open, and this washer reward. Deserted in her hour of triumph —humiliated as never a bride was humiliated before—the talk, the ridicule of the country, an object of contemptuous pity to the whole world. And Charley and Trixj, what would they say when they heard of her downfall ? She was very proud—no young princess had ever haughtier blood coursing through heir royal veins than this portionless American girl. For wealth and rank she had bartered life and love, and verily she had her reward. She suffered horribly. As she paced up and down, her whole face was distorted with the torture within. She flung herself into a seat and tried to still the ceaseless, gnawing, maddening pain. In vain'. She could neither sit still, nor think, nor deaden her torment. And when at last she threw herself face downward on ber bed it was only to sleep the spent sleep of utter exhaustion. But she was "pluok" to the backbone. Next day, when she had bathed and made her toilet, and descended to the breakfast-room, the closest observer could have read nothing of last night in the fixed calm of her faoe. The worst that could ever happen had happened; she was ready now to live and die game. Lady Helena, very pale, very tremulous, very frightened ai.d helpless-looking, awaited her. A large, red fire burned on the hearth. Her ladyship was wrapped in a fluffy white shawl, but she shivered in spite of both. The lips that touohed Edith's cheek were almost as cold as that cold cheek itself.. Tears started to her eyes as she spoke to her. "Mychild," she said, "how white you are; how cold and ill you look. I am afraid you did not sleep at all.' ' Tea, I slept,'answered Edith; 'for a few hours, at least. The weather has something to do with it, perhaps; I always fall a prey to horrors in wet and windy weather.' Then they sat down to the fragrant and tempting breakfast, and ate with what appetite they might. For Edith, she hardly made a pretence of eating, she drank a large cup of strong coffee, and arose. 'Lady Helena,'she began abruptly, as I came out of my room, two of the servants were whispering in the corridor. I merely oaught a word or two in passing. They stopped immediately upon seeing me. But from that word or two, I infer this—Sir Viotor Oatheron was here to see you last night.' Lady Helena was trifling nervously with her spoon. It fell with a olash now into her oup, and her terrified eyes looked piteously at her oompanion. If you desire to keep this a secret too,' Edith said, her lips curling scornfully, 'of oourse you are at liberty to do so: of oourse I preBume to ask no questions. Bat if not, I would like to know: it may in some measure influence my own movements.' What do you intend to do ?' her pship brokenly asked. That you shall hear presently. Just now the question is: Was your nephew here last night or not f' ' He was/ She said it with a sort of aob, hiding her face in her hands. ' May Heaven help me,'she cried; 'it is growing more than I can bear. O my child, what can I say toyou ? how can Icomfort you in this great trouble that has oome upon you?' You are very good, but I would rather not be comforted. I have been utterly base and mercenary from first to last: a wretch who has richly earned her fate. Whatever has befallen me I deserve. 1 married your nephew without one spark of affection for him; he was no more to me than any laborer on his estate: I doubt whether he ever could,have been. I meant to try, who knows how it would have ended ? I married Bir Victor Oatheron for his rank and riches, his title and rent-roll—I married the baronet, not the man. And it has ended thus. I am widowed* on my wedding-day, cast off, forsaken. Have I not earned my fate ?' She laugbed drearily—a short, mirthless, bitter langh. ' I don't venture to ask too many questions — I don't battle with my fate; I throw up my arms and yield at onoe. But this I would like to know. Madness is hereditary in his family. Unworthy of all love aiB I am, I think—I think Sir Viotor loved me, and, unless he be mad, I can't understand why he deserted me. Lady Helena, answer me this, as you will answer your Maker — Is Sir Victor Catheron sane or mad ?' There was a pause as she asked the dreadful question—a pause in whioh tho beating of the autumnal rain upon the glass, the soughing of the autumnal gale sounded preternaturally loud. Then, brokenly, in trembling tones, and now looking up, oame Lady Helena's answer: ' God pity him and you—he is not mad.' Then there was silence again. The elder woman, her faoe buried in her hands end resting on the table, was orying silently and miserably. At the window, a tall, slim figure of a girl stood motionless, her hands clasped loosely before her, her deep bright eyes looking out at the slanting rain, the low-lying, lead-colored sky, the blaok trees blown aslant in the high October gale. ' Not mad ?' she repeated, after that long pause; 'you are quite certain of this, my lady 1 Not mad—and he has left me?" He has left you. Ohmyohild! if I dared only tell you all—if I dared only tell you how it is because ot g-eat and passionate love for you, he leaves you. If ever there was a martyr on this earth, it is my poor boy. If you had seen him as I saw him last night—worn to a shadow in one day, suffering for the loss of you until death would be a relief—even you would hav pitied him.' 'Would I? Well, perhaps so, though my heart is rather a hard one Of oourse I don't understand a word of all this—of course, as he said in his letter, some secret of guilt and shame lies behind it all. And yet, perhaps I could come nearer to the ' Secret' than either you or he think.' Lady Helena looked suddenly up, that terrified, haunted look in her eyes. What do you mean f' she grasped. ' This,' the firm, cold voice of Edith said, as Edith's bright, dark eyes fixed themselves pitilessly upon her, ' this, Lady Helena Powyss: That the secret which takes him from me is the secret of his mother's murder— the seoret which he learned at his father's deathbed. Shall I tell you who committed that murder ?' (2b ie continued.) 