CHAPTER IT.—(Contikued.) The first individual to whom Clement spoke, ~ after he bad paid his devoirs to Lady Maroia, was his uncle. 441 axu late,” he said, M but if you knew the cause yon would not blame me.” ** Bah!’’ answered the old man, pettishly, ■ •• yon have always some trifling excuse. To . sight’s proposal is the first consideration in the world—for you.” . Thus snubbed, Clement did not mako any \- confidences, always supposing he had had the intention of doing so- He only bent his \- head, and walked away with an expression ’ on his faoe that scarcely proclaimed a happy He made the circuit of the Toom with a ■ TDjMtstired tread, bowed to several aoquain ' tanees as he passed them, and finally fonnd himself at the side of Lady Gertrude Vers* \- choyle, who blushed scarlet as she gave him her hand, muoh to the annoyance of Fierce \- Vaughan, whose danoe was just about to begin. For another quarter of an hour until that gallop was ended, Clement must wait, then ahe would give him the nextdanoe. It was free, perhaps she had been keeping it for him —it was the snpper valse. Pierce Vaughan scarcely had a fascinating or interesting partner, for Lady Gertrude did mot appear to understand what he was saying. _I eould have Imagined that she ban suddenly gone demented, had he not had more than a suspicion that the coining of dement Don raven was accountable for her pre-occupa . And because of the love' Lady Gertrude here him, Fierce hated Ins cousin with a fimoe and hitter hatred, and rejoiced over the finding of the pieoe of paper signed by Beta, that had lain under the old tree in the wood. . At last the ordeal of this danoe, whioh : gave pleasure to neither, waB over, and Lady Gertrude’s tiny well-gloved hand was quiver . lag with exoitexnent as it' rested oh Clement Thin raven’s ana. If he had loved her, his ■whole frame must have vibrated with the •motion under whioh she was laboring. Bnt though loving words were on his lips, and from long practioe in a wooer’s art, nis eyes told passion’s tale, yet Clement Dunravan’s heart was unmoved. Had she oared for him leas, or been more accustomed to be wooed, -ahe would not have failed to discover this, while as it was, Bhe was in the seventh heaven of rapture. 41 How beautiful you are,” He said, look* ing into her eyes. 44 1 have always thonght •o. bat to-nisht — to-night yon surpass yourself. That gown suits you to perreo tton.” "Is it not rude to make remarks on per WOoal appearance?” she asked, laughing, ud trying to appear thoroughly at her ease. " Von would not think it rode if you knew way motives,” he replied, so seriously that the was staggered, but she still mad? an effort at beater, 44 That won’t do,” she said; "motives are each horribly vague things and cover so many shortcomings.” 41 Is it a shortcoming to admire yon des perately, and to—love yon f” he asked. The last word came out with a gasp whioh gave IS an emotional point for whioh his inmost feelings were in no way responsible. Lady Gertrude looked down now, and did mot attempt to speak. So the dress had done its work, yet Elvira 3Ddane had called it a shroud. There was mlence for a second or two ; she was battling with her feelings, trying to still her throb bing heart. He—well, it were better, per haps, to throw a veil over what he really felt. What he said, when with a mighty effort :— She did not speak at once ; she was too lioppy to give her pleasure words, hut at last n faint" Yes” came from her pretty, ponting Jipo, and she raised ber eyes to his faoe to iasst suoh a look of sadness in his, that she shrank before his gaze. "Oh, why do yon look so sadly at me 1” ribdaakod. "Did I look sad ? Do not he frightened ; I was only wondering whether I was worthy of yoo—whether yon would he really happy if ytMLahared my lot.” 441 am. not afraid.” \- "No, dear Lady Gertrude, yon are very Tnva; yet yon do not know me.” Not know you, Ifr Donraven; it seems I "have known you all my life.’.’ 44 Does a woman ever know the inner life of Snutl" \- She laaghed. ■ "I have enough belief in yon not to he •hsid of your inner life. ” •‘You will take me on faith and marry me "without investigation f” " You Sra only teasing me; I don’t be' Tim there is anything; to investigate: One srirald think yon were a murderer or forger to jisar you talk, and if yon "Hr were?" "Well—it would he very diffloult for me -fto hite you.” "Thanks.'? ■- Then again there was a Bhort silence. He had given bar a lopphole for escape,'bht she had only rushed blindly on her fate. If she had refused the proposed marriage Sir Louis Woold not haveblamed him, hut she aooapted, aohemust imilo oa bsr and try to look the happiness she was feeling. r: They had never thonght of during, and wan sitting by this time. in a small boudoir, wfcibh wmnext to the supper-room. -. \- One or two people peeppd jn at the, door hid went away smiling, nut no one ventured •d intrude.. They were virtually alone, or at' •Q events hslitvsd themselves to be so. \- Clamant Donraven had always been oon ian adept in ths ait of love- inking, 860 bat to-night he felt as Bhy ana unequal to the occasion] as though ho were the veriest tyro. He could not, however, retreat now, Blnoa he had asked her to marry him and she had acoeptedhis proposal. His wife ! Merciful heavens, was it possible that he had ashed Lady Gertrude Yersohoyle to be his' wife? Ay, it was absolutely true, for he stole his arm round her slight waist, and drawing her olose to him, he imprinted a lingering kiss on the full red Udb, and she did not resist him, as she assuredly would have done had she not felt that she was his very own. That kiss seemed to revive some of the slumbering passion in Clement’s deadened heart, and be awoke to a sense of how beau tiful Lady Gertrude really was. “ Yon are too good for me, my darling,” he said with more fervor than he had as yet shown; "how lovely you are, too angeli. cally lovely for a mere mortal like myself. The whole of England will say I am the luokiest dog in the oonntry, to have won a being so fair as yon are.” And the aim round her tightened, until she felt as if she were in a vioe. “And 1 the luokiest woman to have won the love of the popular Clement Dunraven," she replied, laughing, and trying to free her self from his clasp. He loosed her somewhat, seeing she was a little distressed. “ I must not frighten mv birdie,” he whispered a little apologetically, "but you should not be so beautiful, my sweet Gertrude.” She blushed and looked np at him with shy, sweet eyes. ** Then yon do love me, Clement ? Don’t talk to me about myself, but about your love. Is it really true and fast; will it enaurefor all our lives? Yon will never neglect me or grow oold to me, as some men do to their ^AOnHlfScpSiiicncameover ClemwatDun^ raven’s faoe like a olond. Bat before he could answer she went on— "Ah, I have offended you. I was wrong; I should not have doubted your loyalty and good faith. Forgive me.” “Sweet one, who could be false to you? The who could make yon suffer is a "Yon will never cause me suffering, Clement. Yes, I know it fall well; yon will shield me from danger and suffering." “ Ay, will I, dearest, to the tallest extent of my power. If unhappiness comes to you through me it will be through my misfortune and not my fault.” She laid her hand in his. «^I believe you,” she said, "and I will trust you always beoauso I know that you loveme. Tell me that yon love me.” “I love yoa—yes—I love you,” ho re peated, but there was but little romance in bis That did not trouble her, however; she was as happy as. the birds in spring. Clement Dunraven, her girlish ideal, was to be her husband, her own, her very own. Lord Melbury would be pleased, Sir Lonis would be pleased, but none of them as pleased as she herself, die thought, as she sat there, olose to Clement’s side, dreaming rather than talking of her fatnre happiness. Honrs of the intensest pleasure end at last, however. Two men interested in a knotty point at whist began to argue the matter ont at the door of the boudoir ; another moment and they would probably come in to ex emplify their meaning by the help of some cards wbioh lay on the table. One more hurried fervent kiss and the newly-betrothed lovers started to their feet and prepared to join the throng in the larger To do so they had to pass the boudoir win dow, whioh was open. For a seoond they stood inhaling the fresh air and looking ont into the starry night. Neither of them, how ever, saw a pair of lustrous eyes, whioh were shining through the foliage of an adjaoent shrub. Had they done ao what changed issue* might not their live* have known ? But.they passed on to .their fate, and the owner of those dark splendid orbs passed on, too, into the silent night equally to meet her fate; whether a darker or lighter one than Lady Gertrude’s, who, shall say:?_^; ; \- 'Hie iiwent ratay'^'Oettrnae’a etar seemed to be in the ascendant, for was she not Clement Donraven’s promised wife ? . Ac ehe had predicted, Lord Melbury smiled his gratified assent, and Sir Louis was so delighted, he could scarcely keep his feel ings under control. " Yon have done well, my boy, splendidly well,” he said, patting Clement on the shoulder. " A thousand a year and the ran of Aboyne Court, that is what yon shall have as long as I am above the sod, andafter that yon will Jbe the master-' It won’t be long, Clement, it won’t be long.’’ It was in order to he master of Aboyne Court and its income that Clement had con sented to ask Lady Gertrude to be his wife, vet it waa scarcely a feeling of joy that rose In his heart when he knew that he had won thefaiok. .... . . While the fiances were standing talking to' Sir Lonis, PierceVaughanaame np with Miss Elvira Delane. They had jnst been dancing together. Elvira took in the situationata glance, and whispered to Lady Gerttnde. "How does a woman feel when she has won? ' Yon shall give me your experience to- morrow. When I have heard them I shall either congratulate or condole.” Pierce Vaughan said nothing, bnt he was not r therefore ignorant as to what had happened;on the contrary, he knew too well for his pleasure, and beneath bin calm. Inexpressive demeanor, there lay buried a fund of jealouqr, revenge and hutted of whioh neither his unole nor dement oould .fiil one day to feel the force, and from whioh dainty Lady Gertrude herself wonld euffer more or less. ' ..U> " - v There waa no doubt that a tree.had been ofmnoh frnitf*What m»tter to ^r^Louis, who rnbhed his hands androhuokIed over/his work, if the berries, to he railed from it here after would he oftennansebus sind erendeadly to the taste.' Pierce Vaughan, at odds with life; since he saw no chanoe of obtaining either Lady. Gertehde’e hand or theinheritanoc he hid more. tban half expected might be his, was the first to leave the ball. - Marriages have erenow been hindered. He would oool his fevered brain, he thought, by walking about the grounds that surrounded the house. As he strode along he felt as if being pur sued by a footstep. Fierce Vaughan was no believer in ghoBts, yet he waa desperately in clined to think that there was one near him at that moment. He walked on rapidly to ! the edge of a little wood, in whioh he could see nothing for the foliage. Just as he reached it tho moon came out from behind a cloud, and suddenly and unexpectedly he and and hiB pursuer saw eaoh other as in full day. ■, She was a woman, clad in along, black cloak, which concealed her form, hut her face he could never forget; if he* ever met her again he should know her. He hadno time to make acquaintance then; as suddenly as she appeared she departed, and ghost or reality, he saw her no more. 