The Storyteller. ONE OF THE ELECT. By WALTER SARGENT, IN THE " CATHOLIC TIMES." Chapteb III.—(Continued). THE SEASIDE HOME. " Now, Ada, dear, one thing at a time, please. Yon see you were quite mistaken about the Boman Catholics and their treat ment of the bible, so perhaps you may be wrong about other things. I have often heard you speak of your mother. Now, would you be pleased if you heard that someone had gone into your home and in sulted her, thrown mud at her, spat in her face and jeered at her." "Mrs. Fawcett! How can you think of such things ? .Pleased ? No, I should be mad with, grief if any such thing happened "Of course you would. And yet you have, I am quite sure, been accustomed to hear her who is to be called 'blessed' by all generations made light of, mocked and in sulted. And those who did these things said that their acts-were pleasing to God. Do you really think it is possible that our Lord, the Model of all virtue and goodness, can be pleased to see His Mother scoffed at and insulted P " " No, -perhaps not } but Homan Catholics, I -have heard, put her; in the place Of God." " Again, Ada, you have heard wrong; no one in his b&ises; eker jpetJirie<ij,to pnt a mere creature above Gbdor on an equality with Him.' The . honor duetjb Maryis due to her because she .is^he Mother of God, becausb she is sinless, and because she, of ■ " < • ■ * a: -i * all the creatures of God, has pleased Him the best. These titles, of course, give her prayers an immense power with her Soil, and surely that is just what we should have expected to be the case." " It seems to me, Mrs. Fawcett," said Ada,, humbly, "that unless yon are under some' strange mistake, I have a great deal to learn about these Bomanists." " Yes, Ada, believe me you have. And while we are on the subject I will ask you one question. May I?" " Oh yes, Mrs. Fawcett, of course." " Well, then, you say that your religion is founded on the bible. Now, when you were so seriously ill a few weeks ago, did you follow the teachings of the bible p You remember what St. James tells us to do—* Is any man sick among you ? let him bring in the priests of the church ; and let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord; and the prayer of faith will save the sick man, and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he be in sins, they shall be forgiven him.' Did you call in Mr. Badgers to do this to you Ada P " " No. He would not have done it." " No, of course not. And the only people who do, are the priests of the Catholic Church. They not only anoint sick people with oil, but very often, indeed, the sick man recovers, though the doctors have pro nounced him to be incurable. This looks, Ada, as if the Bomanists, as you call them, were more scriptural than you are." "Well, I certainly never knew that they were. I have always thought that they were very wicked people, who disbelieved the bible." " Well, now, let me ask you another ques tion. It is far more important than the last. Our Lord uses some very solemn words about those who do not eat of His Body. ' Unless you eat the Flesh of the Son of Man and drink His Blood, you shall not have life in you. He that eateth My Flesh and drinketh My Blood hath ever lasting life; and I will raise him up at the last day.' Can you be said to have ' eaten the Flesh of the Son of Man,' Ada ? " " I have never understood that passage," replied the other frankly. "But if you ask any single Eoman Catholic in the world he will explain it at once. On the altar of every Catholic Church Our Loi'd's command, ' Do this in remembrance of Me,' is obeyed every day. A sacrifice is offered to God, the highest sacrifice that can be offered. A piece of bread is changed by God's Almighty power into the Body of the Son of God, and wine is changed into His precious Blood. This oblation is offered to God, and the faithful actually eat the Sacred Flesh of Jesus Christ and drink His Blood. And this is no new thing. This sacrifice has been offered ever since the death of Our Lord. What higher act of worship can you ima gine than this ? " . " But if you are not a Boman Catholic, Mrs. Fawcett, how can you know all this ? " " Ah, my dear, at one time I thought just as you did; but I prayed to God that I might be led into the truth, and I pro mised Our Lord that I would do whatever He showed me to be His Will, cost what it might. Then I read books on various sects, and that did not satisfy me. Each one I found was only a modern invention of men, and not at all like the church which Our Lord founded at the beginning. Why there was not one that even pretended to be able to teach without error, or that had even heard of a sacrifice. I had been brought up as a Low Church woman. Then I one day met a clergyman who told me I was quite right in thinking that God must be worshipped by sacrifice, and he told me that the word used by Our Blessed Lord at His Last Supper ought to have been translated not ' do,' but' sacrifice this in remembrance of Me.' He told me that he himself offered the sacrifice of the Mass. every morning. But a few weeks later the bishop of the dioCese preached a sermon which I went to hear, in which he plainly said that there was no such thing as sacri fice in the Church of England, that it was quite wrong to think there was anything except bread and wine on the Communion table, and to call that table an altar savored by Popery. Perhaps his time did not ad mit of his explaining how he squared this doctrine with that of St. Paul, who dis tinctly lay s down that" We have an Altar, whereof they have no power to eat who serve the Tabernacle." " I remember once reading," put in Ada, " that when Jesus at the Last Supper said 'This is My Body,' He used the word 'is' because in the language which He spoke there was no word meaning ' represent,'" " Oh, you have come across that, have you ? " said Mrs. Fawcett with a Smile. "Yes; and it seems to me a very good answer to give to a Papist." " Well, my dear, you may no doubt find ignorant Papists as well as well-read ones, but I should not advise you to use your argument in speaking to any Catholic who had read so well-known an author as Car dinal Wiseman, for he has proved that in the language used by Our Blessed ,Lord there are as many as twenty-four words which mean ' represent.' The fact that He made'usG of none of them, and said 'This is My Body,' certainly tells for the Catholic interpretation. But I want to finish what I was telling you. A week \- after I' had heard the bishop preach, a -clergyman "who was canon .of.-.the neighbor ing cathedral gave a. 'sermon'in the same church. It was intended to prove that no nian could forgive sins. ■ Once mpre Gur Lord's words came to any mind. At that ■-solemn-moment when, after • 01s Eesurrec tion, He appeared to His Apostles, ;He. said, * Receive ye the ■ Holy Ghost ; jPPhose . sins ymrshall forgive, they are fcrgiven them; 'and; trhose' sins you retain,; jthey .afe re tained.' In great perplexity I wenti off -at once to my mend' who;ha4..explainednbout the sacrifice, aind asked him how it was that so^ many different doctrines were taught in the Church of England? He sighed and said it was" an uiihappy thing, but that the truth was that both thebishbp' and the other gentleman were in heresy. Now, I remembered something that the scripture says about heretics,-and it cer tainly struck me as wonderful that there should be bishops who were guilty of heresy and clergymen remaining in communion with them ail the time, and accepting their titles as clergymen from those heretical bishops.^ Then I one day came upon the passage in St. Paul where he Bpeaks of the Church of God as the pillar and ground of the Truth, and this did not somehow seem to apply to the" Church of England." " What did you do then ? " asked Ada. "It was just then, my dear, that I was taken so ill, and when I came here first I was very unhappy. I had no comfort from the clergyman who visits here. He could not explain a single difficulty. Then a friend of mine, a Catholic, who had heard that I was unsettled and bewildered, sent me a book which showed exactly what the Catholic Church taught and what she -did not teach.. And,I sent for other books and read them. All this time I was pray ing hard that I might not be deceived. One day the light came to me. I seemed all at once to understand what had been so puzzling before, and now, my dear, I know that what I once believed all manner of evil things about is nothing else than the Holy Church which our Lord Jesus built upon the Sock, and the only sorrow I now have is that I cannot be received into that one Fold." " But why cannot you, Mrs. Eawcett, if you believe it to be right ? " The elder woman was silent for a few moments, and when Ada looked up she saw that her eyes were full of tears. At length she spoke, but evidently with a great effort. "No wonder you are surprised, Ada," she said, "you thought people were free in these days to follow the dictates of their consciences, my dear, did you not? But this place is an exception. Though I pay for my-board and lodgings, and am, there fore, nominally independent, my illness, which prevents me rising from this bed, makes me a slave. I am allowed to receive visitors, I am allowed to see mini sters of religion, with one exception. The priests of God's Church are not allowed to cross the threshold of this house. To see a priest, whose life is given up, every hour and minute of it, to the service of Christ, that is against the rules and cannot be allowed—no, not even though I were dying and felt that my happiness for all eternity depended upon his coming." Mrs. Fawcett was quite exhausted with .the eagerness with which she had spoken. She now lay back on her pillows, and closed her eyes, but the tears were falling fast, and now and then a deep sob Bhook her frame. Much as Ada was astonished at finding herself in close companionship with one who, in will at least, belonged to a re ligion which she had been taught to hate, she could not but be touched by the ex treme grief which Mrs. Fawcett displayed. What she had heard of the Catholic Church within the last half hour had certainly gone a long way to convince her that some at least of the farrago of non sense which she had hitherto listened to with regard to it must be false. But one does not lose in a moment the prejudices of years, and it was with something of a shudder that Ada forced herself to draw nearer to her friend, and to put her arms round her neck. "Dear Mrs. Fawcett," she said; "pray do not grieve so much. Surely God will never let you suffer when it is not your fault. If you were strong enough to get about you would do what you believe to be right, I know, and after all it is God Him self remember, who has sent you this illness. It is no fault of yours." "Yes, Ada," said Mrs. Fawcett through her sobs, " and that is my one consolation. But for all that it is a terrible thing to feel that the priest of God is close by, with the power in his hands of forgiving my sins in the name of Christ, that he also has the \- power of bringing to me Christ Himself in the Holy Sacrament, and that the woman who rules this home, because of her igno rant prejudice, is able to keep him back, and to thwart the merciful designs of God. But I must not talk any more. Good-night, dearest Ada- Your sympathy has done me good, and I will never doubt but that our Lord will bring things right in His own good time." "He will, Be will," replied the girl eagerly, as she stooped down to kiss her friend s forehead. " YeSj.my dear, and He will bring you into His Church," said Mrs. Fawcett, fixing her tearful eyes full upon Ada. The young girl drew back. For a mo mentshe seemed to be lost in thought; then, in a low, solemn voice, almost as though she were uttering a prayer, she said; "I trust that He will show me His Truth." 