THE PROFESSIONAL I';- PLAYER. ' It is always assumed that the professional player of a musical instrument is socially I superior to the skilled mechanic or artizan, . . though there is ho reason in the world why : he should be. lif An orchestral play er may be a person of distinguished oulturo and address ; but he may also be illiterate, coarse, drunken, not ; scrupulously honest, and, in short, a fiorson f whom sensitive composers and conductors .. would not employ' ir his mechanical dex terity oould -be dispensed with. fv An organist may be in every respect the <. superior of the raster, but ho is just us ' ! likely to bo the inferior of the keeper of the ' Tillage shop, who does not oomplain parti- oularly about bis status. ;. v Some of the more innocent of my readers may be shocked at this,, and may demand of me whether a man wtiase occupation is to interpret Handel, Mozart, Beethoven, or even " Jackson in B flat," is not likely to ; have a more elevated soul than a buyer atid seller of pots and pans. I reply, not in the least. You might as well ask whether a ' navvy, . constantly employed on vast engineering schemes, is not likely to-be v more large-minded than a watohmakor. f Take n man with a quiok ear and quick fingers ; teach him l-o <r to play an instra- ; n»ei»t and to read staff-notation ; give him f some band practice ; and there yon have your "professional," able to do what Wagner ; could not have done for the life of him, but : np more necessarily a musician in the wider sense than a regimental marksman or b'road- ewerd instructor is neeeeearily a general . or a ni'ster of foreign policy. He need make no more distinction z: between Beethoven and Brahms than a compositor does between Shakespeare and f Tennyson ; even-when he has an excepbion- 7; ally fine sense of the difference between 7 good and bad execution, he may not have ' the ghost of an idea of the difference between good and bad musio. :. Orchestral plkyers good enough to find Constant empteyment in the beat European -f orchestras, and yet with the manners, 7 ideas, and conversation of ordinary private soldiers, 'are lees ooinmon than formerly : . but tlioy aro still contemporary facte, and \- not at all anomalous ones, exoept to muddle- headed people who imagine that every man who omi play a string of notes wt itton down : by Mozart and Baoh must have the heart ... and raitid of Mozart and Baoh. 