About Ghosts. [FOR THE GAZETTE. t _ BY CHOW BENT-] IF you happen to be acquainted with a man who is a firm believer in ghosts, who has seen ghosts, and who tells blood-curdling tales about ghosts, and you value that man's friendship, or have expectations from that man, on no account dis pute any of bis ghostly stories, be they ever so wonderful and awful, or, Sydney Town Hall to a bark humpy his friendship and your expectations will take wing and both fly away together. I speak from personal experience. Here is one case in point. One beautiful moonlight night ten years ago, a great friend and benefactor of mine (why benefactor will appear towards the end of this paragraph), was taking a short cut home across a Churchyard. His uncle suddenly ap peared from behind <a. tombstone, pointing with outstretched arm and forefinger to the Church clock, the face of which was illuminated by the moonlight. My benefactor looked and found that the hands of the clock pointed exactly to 17 minutes to 9. When ha again glanced toward the tombstone his uncle bad vanished. Now, it may be remarked just here, that the uncle of my friend and benefactor was at that particular moment laid up at home with gout, forty Engtish miles from that particular tombstone, and it seemed to me-but my friend shall speak for himself. " The next morning," said he, " I took the first train, and when I reached my uncle's house and saw the window-blinds down, I knew that my worst fears were realised. My poor, grief-stricken aunt met me at the front door, and was about to speak through her sobs, when I stopped her and said, ' I know all-my poor uncle died last night at 17 minutes to 9.' My aunt was astounded and cried out ' Why that is the exact time to the minute.' My friend had got this far with his narrative when I chipped in and innocently asked bim how be accounted for the fact of his uncle lying ill in bed at home, and dodging about behind a damp tombstone, 40 miles away, at the same moment of time ? His coldness towards me I date from that instant. We have not spoken since, and as be was good for a dinner every other Sunday, and about five pints of " tanglefoot" weekly, that un fortunate remark has cost me during the space of ten years 260 dinners and 325 gallons of colonial beer. The recollection is most painful at any time, but at this festive season of the year it is simply maddening. It is generally believed that a ghost invariably appears at midnight. That is wrong. Â ghost will appear at whatever time it suits him. Didn't my benefactor's uncle's ghost appear at 17 minutes to 9 ? And a ghost appeared to me (or, to be exact, I appeared to the ghost) at 20 minutes past II on Christmas Eve, 1893. I am quite positive as to the time. I will explain. ' Last year a bowelless rufiian kept a low bush pub called the Broken Flatiron- or, rather, the pub kept him. The name of this unmitigated scoundrel, and the name of the one-horse town in which he existed, I will not disclose. I have my reasons. From io 30 p m. till near closing time (II o'clock), I had humbly and almost sobbing!? beseeched this cold-blooded monster to credit me with a pint of rum in a bottle till some remote period when I should obtain work ; but to all ray prayers and entreaties this ghoul turned a deaf ear and finally gave a flat refusal. At last, seeing the bands of the clock moving towards 11, and knowing by past experience the horrible thirst I should have in the morning. I became desperate, and ventured a mild remark concerning the parentage of the vampire. That very instant I saw millions of beautiful and brilliant stars, felt myself jerked off my feet and flying through space. The clock was striking eleven as I arose from the dusty road on which I had been flung, and staggered back to the pub. The door was close shut. Atter five minutes at the key-hole, calling down blessings on the head of the angelic poison-retailer inside, I started for home. Now, a man can walk half a mile comfortably in ten minutes-that is, if he walks straight. But on this particular night we must allow five minutes for tacking, which, added to the five minutes at the key-hole, totals exactly twenty minutes past eleven when I turned the corner to the right (this corner is just half-a-mile from the Broken Flat iron)-and saw the ghost I Shall I ever forget that awful, round, earless white head-the dis tended mouth-the fearful eyes, with some in fernal light of their own shining through and making the whole face a transparent horror and nightmare-two skinny arms thrown out at right angles from the body as if to embrace-and the rotting grave-clothes hanging from its attenuated body and fluttering in the breeze. Now, I am not superstitious, and possess just an ordinary amount of courage. But at the first sight of that terrible object I was struck dumb with fear ; a cold and clammy moisture burst out from every !>ore in my skin ; I was sobered as if by magic, br, whereas, in first turning the corner I saw two ghosts, now I saw one only. (This is a sure sign of sobriety). Not for a single instant did I remove my eyes from that fearful white 4face But-horror !-while I gazed the distance between us seemed gradually to diminish ; I was being drawn closer and closer to this fearsome being, and when the horrible grinning aiouth was quite close the head seemed larger, and an earthy scent seemed to fill my nostrils. With a frantic yell I hit out right and left, and remembered no more. * * * . Christmas morning. The glorious sun wa? rising when I awoke and looked round. On the ground beside me the scooped out turnip, the two sticks tied crosswise, the small burnt end of a candle, and the rotten potatoe sack, explained the ghost of the night before. Did you ever wake uf> with the roof of your mouth and your tongue like dry blotting paper? I have often, but why dwell longer on the horrors of last Christmas. This coming one, to me I trust, will he a more enjoyable one. I have reformed, and am now a shining light amongst our looa! temperance band. I have not seen a ghost since that memorable night. Stay, though, I saw a ghost two days ago in Sydney, and in the broad sunlight, too. It was the ghost of the ex-pro prietor of the Broken Flatiron. Broken himself now', sold up and destitute. I relieved him-he left me-I watched him.-A restaurant and a pub close together. He passed the restaurant and en tered the pub. Ab I Weil l have been there be* 