PAYING THE PRICE. BY F. MANif EATTAJf. CHAPTER XVL Ihe grand jury investigated Dellan ry*s death, and found a true bill again st Brokken. He was indicted for mur der in the first degree. The weeks iwent on, and he waited In the Tombs jftjr his case to come to trial. Money made his life there as comfortable as his quarters would allow, and his many tnends, none of woom believed him- guilty, relieved his solitude as mnch as possible. He devoted himself most of the time to his business, man aging to carry on the greater part of this from the prison, and with his re strained liberty with a dexterity and success that surprised and astonished bis business associates. In the meantime Reberfell continued in the city, doing all that he could to cheer and assist his friend. He ceased I going to Helen's house, and did not see lier after the evening of Brokken's ar ?rest, except when they met on rare oc casions and by accident at the Tombs. He avoided these chance meetings as much as possible, and never went there iwhen he thought there was probability of encountering her. He saw with re lief that she was as averse to them as be was, and shrank from any farther communication with him than ordi nary courtesy made necessary. A mu tual repugnance and aversion had ari sen between them. But as he saw less and less of Helen Beberfell liked more and more the company of Isbelle. At first, when the blow fell that shat tered his infatuation for Helen, he avoided Isbelle, and felt a restraint and disgust toward the whole race of .womankind. He ate at home but rarely, and when he' did take his ac customed place opposite Isbelle he dis couraged conversation by one device or another as much as he could with out seeming rude. Her. usual frame of mind was one of such' entire good feel ing toward everybody and of such I abounding interest in impersonal mat ters that she did not notice small things, and was never impressed by slight changes in behavior. But it finally did occur to her that his taci turn demeanor did mean something more than mere abstraction, and she began to wonder if she had done any thing to offend him, and to shrink back within herself in his presence. She felt rather badly about this, for she liked Reberfell, and enjoyed his companionship. But her life was grow ing so much broader and richer that she did not stop to think about it very much. She went every week to the little meeting of women at Mrs. Snayeth's, through them she met many other peo ple who brought her into contact with varied interests and diverse lines of thought and action, which widened her mental horizons and placed her in the full swing of the great city's busi est, largest, and most absorbing life. Under the influence of these inspir ing surroundings her views of life be came larger and more liberal, and she began to outgrow her former crudities and provincialisms of thought. Her own importance in the world dwindled rapidly in her eyes, and, in consequ ence, she soon lost that peculiar, un conscious, mental . ostentation which ?marfrg the person who has lived a cir cumscribed, self-centred life. Her ab ounding good-nature, her brightness, and her interest in everything caused tier to be liked and admired wherever she w;ent Reberfell's disinclination to her so ciety soon wore off, arid after a time they drifted back into their former friendly, cordial relations. He was sur prised to find how much she had de veloped in this short time. It was not long until he fell into the habit of dropping into her room for a little chat while he smoked his after-dinner cigar. Sometimes he spent the entire evening with her, and then, when he had returned to his own room, it usu ally happened that he sat for an hour with his feet on the table, his hands behind his head, and his eyes fixed on \ the ceiling; At such times there was always an absent but pleased and smi ling look on his face, and if his eyes I could have mirrored what was pass ing in his mind, their surface would have been mainly occupied by vague pictures having Isbelle Fairmount as their central figure. Isbelle was anxious to see the dark est side of life in the city which it Would be possible for her to look upon, and Reberfell offered to guide her on an expedition through such of the slums as women might visit. One night in midwinter they set out on the trip, accompanied by Dr. Bayforth, whose ' connection with a certain philanthropic j: enterprise made it possible for them f to see some things which otherwise \ they «ould not, and Mrs. Marshall. Isbelle' was^ffieWausIy £ay when they | started. She saw that Reberfell liked | to have her walk beside him, and she fc whimsically managed to keep Dr. Bay torth constantly between them or stay ed closely beside Mrs. Marshall. She saw the comical side of every street incident, made quaint Temarks about the people they passed, which amused them all, and laushed iinmodemteJv at everything which gave any excuse for laughing. 'Mrs. Marshall,' she said, as she stepped back and took her landlady's arm, 'cant you sober me down? I feel so. reckless and hysterical to-night. I believe I could lau^u ar ?* v mother's ghost. lam really ashamed, ef myself.' o ? 'You will soon be sobered down, Miss Fairmount,' said Dr. Bayforth, looking back seriously. 'You are about to see such things as will make you forget yoq ever fcnew how to laugh.' ..??..:?, And it was not long until the last vestige of gaiety had left her manner and her high spirits were entirely gone. ... They passed through streets narrow and dirty and wretched. They looked into dives filled with men and women who appeared the personification of vice. They saw through the windows of tenement houses heart-sickening re velations of haggard poverty. As they walked on and on, Isbelle's heart sank, and she unconsciously crept close to Reberfell's side, and put her hand within his arm. Her eyes dilated with astonishment at what she saw and heard, and her face paled with the keen, new pain that sprang up in her breast. His arm pressed her hand to his side as unconsciously as she had put it there, and he walked briskly on^ looking down into her face now and then, as he saw in it the signs of the new thoughts and emotions that were stirring her heart, while his own countenance was filled with pain and sympathy and his eyes shone with indignation. They scarce ly spoke, except to ask a question now. and then of the policeman who accom panied them, or to exchange a word with their companions. When, at rare intervals, they spoke between themselves it was in the low, tense tones of people whose feelings are deeply charged, and occasionally their eyes met in an unconstrained look which let them know that these miser able scenes roused similar feelings in both their minds, and brought them into closer sympathy tiian they had ever been before. At last Isbelle came to a sudden stop, and turning away a pained and sickened face, she said with trembling lips: 'I can endure it no longer, Mr. Re berfell. Let us go home.' When she reached her own room again Isbelle Bat down, stunned, sick at heart, pained to her soul's core with that large sympathy with the Ills of the world which causes so keen a hurt because of its very hopelessness. For a long time she sat thinking of what she had seen and of all that it signified, hopeless over the problem and moved to the depths of her being as she had never been moved before. She thought of Reberfell's theories, and tried to see through them some light for all that misery. And gradually at the recollection of him another current of thought and feeling began making its way through her agitated mind. Alongside the me mory of those wretch-filled dives stole the remembrance of how his eyes had looked into hers, and when she began wondering about the daily lives of the miserable women she had seen toiling over their sewing-machines she sud denly found herself recalling how he had pressed her hand within his arm, and how. he had hurried her along with that air of protection as if he would ward, all evil away from her. And little by little these memories so much pleasahter drove away the others, and finally put her overwrought nerves into a state of thrilling excite ment, from which she found relief in tears. In her sleep that night she was constantly on the point of- being thrust helpless into the depths of that pover ty and wretchedness whieh had loft so deep an impression on her mind, and always Reberfell appealed just at the peint wbw she had lost all hope and resetted fcer. Rflberfell tramped alone up Fifth Avenae and down dark sross ~ streets after his companions h^fi been safely landed at home, so deeply agitated that he shrank from meeting any of his acquaintances and too much dis turbed in heart to be able to endure the confinement of four walls. He had been rather reluctant about going on this expedition, because, with that instinctive shrinking from pain which sensitive natures always feel, he avoided coming in contact with the world's poverty and misery as much as possible- He disliked to torture his soul with the sight of this wretched ness, since he could accomplish no good by looking at it. But this night he had gone, he had even proposed the expe dition to Isbelle because he thought it would be well for her to see and know something of that side of life. And the depth of feeling her manner and expression had evidenced had caused him to be even more profoundly moved than usual by such sights. As he tramped his way along lonely streets through the February slush he thought of the condition of those hun dreds of wretched and debased beings they had seen and remembered that they were only a small, small fraction of all those within the city who were either wretchedly poor or Irredeemably vicious. He thought of the swarming armies of London poor, debased and miserable; of the hordes upon hordes of depraved and ragged wretches who hide in Parisian slums; of the minions of men, women, and children in the elder cities of civilisation who are born in poverty and- vice, who grow up in rags and vice unspeakable, and in their turn continue and multiply the festering heaps ? of human wretched ness; of tiie toiling slaves of the soil, the primal source of the world's weal th, who are bent double, the earth over, by the world's feet upon their necks; of the miming upon millions of human beings who, from their birth to their death, know scarcely a day of freedom from pinching want; and of those millions whose lives from their first consciousness to their last, are but one vile span of vice and crime. He remembered that the wealth of a dozen Rothschilds, if spread out over all this vast, innumerable multitude of the world's poor, would be scarcely more than enough to feed and clothe and make them comfortable for a- day. He felt that tills black ocean of vice, wherein riot unrestrained the beasts of native savagery and depraved desires, is mighty enough, were It ©nee to break its bonds, to engulf the whole race in Its vile, rushing, corroding flood. And the anguish of his soul rose up in a choking sob as he thought of the hopelessness of it all. Could there, after all, be any deliverance powerful enough to lift this vast, helpless mass of poverty and wretchedness up into comfort and decency and self-respect? As he tramped on, his footfalls re sounding through the empty street, he made answer to his own question: 'The race must work out its own sal vation. The seed of the upright, the good, the noble, and the just is in its soul, and is bound to grow. The impulse of evolution asserts its presence, now and again, and drives before it, more pow erful than anything else in the uni verse, even the whole race's bKnd and stubborn resistance. In that is the sole hope- of deliverance. It ia great enough' and mighty enough to accom plish all that we can hope for, and even what is beyond our power to imagine. It will steadily push the race on and on and up until it reaches, lit tle by little, all that its prophets and poets and reformers have hoped for. 'The world is finding the true path, its eyes are being opened. It is learn ing, though so slowly, the worth and dignity of the Individual and the im portance of making that its starting point. It is learning that decency of soul depends on decency and com fort in material conditions. And this vast army of the 'down-trodden is be ginning to realise that the yoke is ri veted hopelessly on its neck by this economic system which has misruled the world so long. It is beginning to understand, that vast army, that no thing deserves reward except that which costs effort, either of brain or muscle, and that, if nothing else re ceived reward, these vast fortunes would melt, never to form again, like mountains of snow under a tropic sun, and the whole wide world would burst forth into such glorious leaf and bloom of happiness and comfort and cleanly living as never have been. And when It fully realises this, how will it lift its head and leap! O, there is hope, much hope! We are going on, and on, and shall go faster yet, some day, when we reach the true economic plan. Then all that has ever been promised us will be within sight, and possibilities grander than we have yet dreamed will stretch out before us. 'But not in my time can very much be expected, nor in that of the next generation, nor the next, nor the next, nor for centuries to come, perhaps. But it must be — will be — sometime— for the seed of it all is in the soul of the race. And yet— ah, heaven! the suffering, the misery, the wretched ness that must bite into millions of human hearts before deliverance can come!' He stopped fhiniring3 for the pain of it all was so keen upon his mind that for a little time he could only feel, could only be conscious of the world's great, throbbing heart of misery. Then the events of the evening gra dually came back to him, and present ly there drifted into bis mind the me mory of how a young girl — she could hardly have been more than twelve years old — in a blue dress and a pink ribbon, her head bare and her young face already lined and brazened by its steady stare into the yawning mouth of hell, had plucked at his coat sleeve as he passed, and looked at him with leering eyes, and of how the girl upon his arm had turned to ward her a face of tenderness and compassion, of heart-felt sympathy and yearning. And then he remembered how deep ly she had been moved, how plainly her eyes and face had toM her pain, how she had .unconsciously clung to his arm as her agitation increased, and the thought of it sent a flood of delight through his soul, that cast into the background those deeper, darker meditations. He walked homeward, thinking soberly and tenderly of her, saying to him self that he had never seen a woman so bright and winning, so gentle and self-reliant, with such ca pacity for thought and action, and a mind so full of rich promise for the future. As he entered his room he paused with his hand upon his door knob, and looked down the hall at her door, with its gleam of light shining bright ly from underneath it, and there came across his square, serious face a look of tenderness, affection, and solicitude, while his lips framed a whispered 'good night.' The next evening they sat in Is belle's room, and their conversation na turally turned upon their previous nighf s expedition. 'I have been thinking, Mr. Reber fell,' said febelle, 'of all that desti tution and depravity that we saw last night, and of how utterly hopeless it all seems. And, then, only think, all that is just a mere drop in the ocean beside all the poverty and wretched ness and vice there are in the whole world'— Reberfell started a little as he heard how closely her thoughts had paralleled his own— 'and it made me miserable all day. I have tried to re alise the vastness and depth of it all, but my imagination is appalled by the task.' 'Yes,' he replied, 'it is enough to make one siek at heart even to try to think of how a large majority of our fellow-beings are weighed down by poverty and sank in debasing con ditions, until their case seems hopeless. We prate a great deal about the pro gress of civilisation, and point .with childish vanity to the wonderful things we have accomplished. . But the truth is, Miss Fairmount, that all: -this ? gay, bright world of wealth and pleasure and all that science has accomplished and art achieved, and ail the marvels that human ingftflnifo- has made pos sible—all that we mean= when -we fond ly speak of our ^nineteenth century civilisation' — is - nothing but a smalt floating island on the surface of a seething, lurid hell crowded with our our fellow men and women, whose bo dies are wretched and their souls dis torted. A veritable hell,' he went on, after a moment's pause. 'I some times thinir that Dante's dream might have been a prophetic foresight of nineteenth century life in the slums of one of our great cities.' 'Do you, really and truly, see any hope for it all?' She leaned forward, her hands clasped on her knee, the intensity of her feeling evident in her dilated, earnest eyes and quivering tones. He did not answer for a moment, but got up and walked to the- window, and, drawing aside tiie curtains, stood for an instant looking out. The at mosphere of the room seemed surchar ged with emotion. Their talk had lif ted them both to those heights of feel ing where even the most commonplace get brief glimpses of the glorified life of mighty souls. 'Yes,' he presently replied, in low, quiet tones; 'yes, I do see hope, much hope, for it all. But not now. Gene ration ofter generation will have to twist and squirm and writhe in the muck of destitution, wretchedness, and degradation. But, gradually, the race, by its inherent power of evolution, will rise to clean and comfortable life— a life of general average pros perity, uprightness, and happinesss.'\ 'Ah, but tl&t; will take so long!' she exclaimed. ''And in the meantime, what suffering the race is condemned to bear!' , He smiled sadly. 'For that there is no help. ®tbsolutely none. The race has always borne suffering unspeak able, and it can only endure with what patience is' possible.' (To be Continued.) 