The Criterion Theatre. ' Charley's Aunt,' having passed its jubilee, wafl finally given on Friday, 23rd ; and on Saturday last, for the first time in Sydney, 'Captain Fritz' was - presented, with Mr. Charles Arnold, who re ceived a prolonged and hearty welcome, in the ;. name part. ' Captain Fritz ' is a dramatised version of ' Lady Leigh's Widowhood,' which Mr. Henry Hamilton, whose skill in treating a diffi cult subject has been well -shown in his handling of Ouida's clever but unsavoury ' Moths,' has accom plished with a success which proves him a good j udge of human nature. There is quite an idyllic charm m many of the scenes, and the hero is the very embodi- * ; ment of the qualities which endear a man to all his ' -?' fellows, and make him the idol of women. Coming after that extravagant nonsense of 'Charley's Aunt,' a little time is necessary for the audiences to settle down to the change. The story of home life at Lady Vereker's— the presence of Colonel Vereker hungering after the family estates the only cloud— is : too simple to gratify the appetite of a public accus- ; tomed to highly spiced food. Yet, in the character of Captain Fritz, the unaffected sailor, with his strong arm and soft heart, his love for bis English friend, bis songs and his delightful German English, there is an admirable centre to a group of which every member has a distinct individuality. The dialogue throughout is good, and many of the actors show to much ^better advantage than in tin previous piece. Lady Vereker is a widow with one ' - child, a bright little fellow of eight years' old, her fiister (Sybil Ernngton) stays with her, also the brother of the late baronet, who, in the event of Sir Geoffrey's death, succeeds to the Yereker title and estates, and who also receives half the widow's fortune if she marries without his consent. Colonel Vereker (Mr. G. Lash Gordon) is in the hands of money-leuders, jealous- of everybody, and anxious to goad Lady Vereker to marriage with her friend, Dr. Adrian Earle (Mr. Frank Cates). A vagabond, Simeou Lake (Mr. W. F. Leonard) , the son of a former steward at tie Manor house, has recently returned, . and with the gipsies amongst whom he has lived encamps on the Vereker boundaries, Lady Veteker (Miss Agnes Knights) encouraging them because of their picturesque appearance. Simeon has, however, a deep game to play, loses his self-control, insults . - the lady, seizes little Sir Geoffrey, and is about to whip hun, when Captain Fritz von Hoktein arrives, knocks down the gipsy, releases the boy, consoles the ladies, and leaves the vagabond in the hands of two stout servants to be handed over to the police. The incident is ColonelJVereker'a ^opportunity. He sees a kiudred soul in the black-hearted Simeon, and after a little talk arrives at a plan by which the heir will be put out of the way. Simeon'a father has made a full confession of matters connected with tha Earle family ; to gain possession of the proofs tha gipsy has to go to a certain room in Vereker Manor. This is no other than 'The Haunted Room' assigned to Captain Fritz. The boy, who has heard ghost stories, tries to frighten Fritz, enters the room in long white nightgown, with cup and pipe to blow bubbles. A charming scenes; the moon s rays light i et up one portion, whilst from the large fireplace the wood flames send a red glow over the child and - Fritz, who sings of the bubblesas he lies back in the cosy chair.J Later the gipsy enters by a secret door, ' - finds Fritz asleep, binds him in his chair, Fritz murmuring about a tight bandage to his wounded hand as the cords tighten. Awaking, Fritz, with ready resource, bargains with the gipsy, promising £100 to be set free. The rogue, however, wants money and plunder also, bo the bargain is off and the villain escapee. CoL Vereker, having givan the signal and cut his initials on a lime tree, the gipsy proceeds to carry out his plan, steals the bag, and by throwing his cap in the pool makes all belicv e that Ihe child is drowned. Fritz, however, thinks diffe rently, and makes up his mind to save him. This he does, and, with the finding, unravels the mystery, proves himself to be the brother of Dr. Earle, in- : stead of the gipsy, compels the Colonel to give his consent to the marriage of Lady Vereker and the Doctor, and, for himself, takes the bewitching little Sybil. MiesDol Frederic in this part has far more opportunity than in ' Charley's Aunt,' and plays with charming ease and grace. The learning of the song 'LordBiteman' makes one of the prettiest episodes. Mr. Charles Arnold is so unaffected in his songs that he scarcely receives ihe credit due for his performance, which, musically, is as artistic as' pleasant. Mr. Percy Brough as Corporal Soyer, a veritable Tommy Atkins, has a character which enables him to score well, and to show talent of which his Charley Wykeham gave no mgn. His love-making is excellent, and the readiness with which he assumes a set gravity, swallows the idiotic grin, and catches Ihe slightest hint of the Captain, are alike good and effective. Mies Ada Lee well supplements his efforts, and does capitally on her own account Mrs. Walter Hill as the She Dragon at l»r. Earle's also makes a good .diversion ; the manner in which she listens to the voice of the charmer, and softens under the blandishments of Fritz, is irresistible. The song, ' Tommy Atkins,' already enlists the gods in chorus, ? and is thrice encored each night. 'My Pipe ana I,' ' The Woolly Bear,' and ' The Crackman'g Chant,' with the songs already named, make up the six, which are so well introduced that they form a part of the comedy rather than interpolations. Mr. Cates looks the part of the Doctor weU, and could he appropriate a little of the effusiveness of Miss Agues Knight both would be improved. Mr. E. W. Thomas as the amorous Squire, Mr. C. Lash Gordan, and Mr. Leonard are satisfactory in their parts. Carlo, Mr. Arnold's Newfoundland dog, contributes an effective part to the Gipsy tableau, and little Jessie Mead is natural as the Bomewhat spoiled child of Lady Vereker. The comedy is excellently mounted, the many little love scenes are good, and me whole makes ' s an entertainmentjwhich, whilst very amusing, contains nothing to offend ladies or gentlemen. ' : 