SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. MISCELLANEOUS ITEMG.. RETURnINO from a race meeting as they passed through a country town, a party of half tipsy men came across a cl6rgyman in the street. Calculating on a lark at the parson's expense they pulled up, and one of them said, ' Guv'nor, which is the way to hell ?' Quick as thought the old clergyman replied, 'Keep straight on, youngman, you will soon be there.' When one of the players was car ried off a football field the other day, limp and exhausted, a youngster joy ously remarked: 'There's one dead. They'll all be dead soon, an' then I'll get the ball.' Under the heading of ' A Fortunate Awakening,' an English journal men tions the following incident in the turf career of two well-known noblemen: ' One of the most extraordinary racing matches ever conceived originated as follows: After a heavy and late de bate in the Hous'e of Commons, Lord George Bentinok fell sound asleep next day in the drawing-room at White's Club, so that all attempts to arouse him proved unavailing until the usual afternoon visit of Lord Glasgow, who was at once informed of these fruitless efforts. 'Oh! I'll soon wake him,' remarked Lord Glasgow, and walking up to the chair in which the sleeper was onsconsed, called out, ' Bentinck, I want to make a bet with you!' The effect was so magical that Lord George instantly opened his eyes, and replied, 'With pleasure, Glas gow; what is it?' 'Iwant to back the produce of Miss Whip against that of any mare you name for the Derby of 1848.' 'Done! I name Crucifix--for how much ?' ' Five thou sand!' The bet was made, Crucifix being at that moment in foal with 8urplice, the ultimate winner, and Miss Whip with a brute called Whip stick.' Writing of ' Royal Ascot' this year, an English journal remarks:-Old timers must have been surprised at the tameness of the wagering compared with the gambling they have seen at Ascot. There was no plunging throughout an uneventful day, and had the ghost of Sir Joseph Hawley revisited dainty Ascot he would have been quite unable to grasp the situa tion. After Bluegown's Derby, when he had done in £30,000 on his other two he got it back, and a bit beside, at Ascot. But then Sir Joseph used to back his opinion, and over Fitzro land, Mlusjid, and Beadsman he won £260,000. The Frendh sportsman, M. Lebaudy, has undertaken to ride from London to Doncaster on St. Lager day, leaving the metropolis at 3 a.m. He intends to have 14 changes of horses, and expoots to be at Doncaster at 2 p.m., then to start on the return trip at 4 p.m., arid reach London'at 5 o'clock next morning. He has also taken a wager of 800 to 400 that he rides a bicycle from London to Newmarket under four hours. Pinkert, who started from Cape Grisnez on Monday morning, 23rd July, with the intention of crossing to Folkestone on his patented land and water tricycle, broke down, and was picked up in the Channel late the same night. A correspondent states that when met by a fishing smack Finkert was suffering from sea sickness, and was so ill as to be unable to move A heavy wind was blowing at tho time. Mr. Pinkert re ceived every care from his resouers, and was taken.back to Cape Grisnez. Ho was quite well the followving day, and expressed his intention to 'make another attempt to cross the Channel, 