'CHAPTER XIV.-AoGAers TariE. It, sundown Renshaw, was in the heart of themountains. And now, as his steed's gait warned him, it was time to off- saddle aga'n. / The river lay below, about a hundred yards from the road. Dismountine, he led his horse down through the thick bush, and re -moving the saddle, but not the bridle, which latter he held in his hand, allowed the animal to Praze and get somewhat cooler before drinking. Then, saddling up again, le re gained the road. The latter was in most parts very bad, as it wound its rugged length through a savage and desolate poort or defile, which, in itself, was one long ambuscade, for thick bush grew up to the very roadside, in places overhang ing it. The sun had set, but a lurid after glow was still reflected upon the iron face of a tall krantz, which, rising from the steep forest-clad slope, cleft the sky. Great baboons, squatted on high among the rocks, sent forth their deer-cheated, far-sounding Sbark, in half- startled, half-angry recognition of the presence of their natural enemy man; and, wheeling above the tree-tops, ascending higher and higher in airy circles to their roost among the crags, floated a pair of lammerrangers (a species of black eagle), whose raucous voices rang out in croaking scream over the glooming depths of the lone defile like the weird wailing of a de'noniac. Darkness fell, for there is no twilight to speak of beneath the Southern Cross, and the dull, dead silence of the mighty solitude was unbroken, save for the hoarse roar of the river surging through its rocky channel, and the measured hoof beats of the horse. And ashe urged the animal on through the gloom, all Renshaw's apprehensions seemed to renew themEelves with tenfold intensity. The appalling details of the gruesome tragedy chased each other through his mind in all their red horror, and his overwrought brain would conjure up the most grisly forbodings. What ii he should arrive too late! Those unproiected women, helpless, at the mercy of those fiends, red-handed from the scene of their last ruthless crime, devils incarnate let loose upon the earth, their livea forfeit, the noose ready for their necks, their only object to perpetrate as many hideous infamies as possible before meeting the doom that would sooner or later be theirs' No wonder the man's brain seemed on fire. The road took a sudden trend downwards. The river must be crossed here. The drift was a bad one in the daytime, at night a dangerous one. But the latterconsideration, far from daunting him,rather tended to brace Renshaw's nerves. Warily he urgedhishorse on. The water was up to the saddle-flaap-then a step deeper. The horse, now almost swimming, snorted wildly as the roaring whirling flood creamed around him in the starlight. But the rider kept him well by the head, and in a trice he emerged panting and dripping on the other side. Suddenly in front from the bush fringing She road there flashed forth a faint spark, as -of a man blowing on a burnt stick to light his pipe. All Renshaw's coolness returied, and gathering up his reins, he prepared to make a dash for it. Then the spark floated straignt towards him, and-he laughed at his feare. It was only a firefly. On still. He would soon be there now. Another drift in the river-splash-splash-out again-still onward. Suddenly the horse pricked forward his ears and began to snort uneasily. Now for it! Still, it might be only a leopard or a snake. But all doubt was speedily nipped in the bud by a harsh voice, in Dutch, calline upon him to stop. Peering forward into the darkness he made out two figures - one tall, the other short. They were about a iozen yards in front, and were standing in the middle of the road as though to bar his passage. There was no leaving the road, by reason of the bush which lined it on either side in a dense, impenetrable thicket. This was by no means Renshaw Fanning's first experience of more or less deadly peril, as we have already shown, and his unswerv ing coolness under such circumstances was never so consummately in hand as now, when not merely his own life, but the lives of others dearer to him still, were in the balance. His mind was made up in a flash. " Clear out, or I'll shoot you dead," he answered, in the same language, whipping ont his pipe case and presenting it pistol fashion at the shorter of the two men, whj was advancing as if to seize his bridle. The resolute attitude, the quick, decisive tone, above all perhaps the click, strongly suggestive of cocking, which Rensbaw managed to produce from the spring of the implement, caused the fellow instinctively to jump aside. At the same time came a flash and a stunning report. Something hummed overhead and most unpleasantly near. The other man had deliberately fired at him. Then Rensnaw did the best thint he could under the circumstances. He took the bull by the horns. He put his horse straight at his assailant, at the same time wrenching off his stirrup no mean weapon at a push. But the fellow, losing nerve, tried to dodge. In vain. The horse's shoulder hit him fair and sent him floundering to earth ; indeed, but for the fact that the animal, frenzied with fright, swerved and tried to hang back, he would have been trampled under foot. * Again Renshaw did the best thing he could. Mastering a desire to turn and brain the ruffian before he could rise, he rammed the spurs into his horse's flanks and set off down the road at a hard gallop ; not, hrwever, before he was able to recognise in his assailants a Hottentot and a Bastard. Luckily, too. f.r three more flashes belched forth from the hillside, a little way above the scene of the conflict, but the bullets came nowhere near him. Then upon the still silence of the night he could het.r other and deeper tones mingling with the harsh chatter of his late assailants. There was no mistaking those tones. They issued from Kafir lips. He had walked into the very midst of the cut throat gang itself-had come right through it. Then the question arose in his mind, would they pursue him? He was certain they had no horses, but he had still about four miles to go, and his own steed was beginning to show signs of distress. The fleet-footed bar barians could travel almost as fast on two egas he could on four. They might pursue under cover of the bush and converge upon his line of flight at any moment. And then his heart sank within him as ho thought of a certain steep and very stony hill which tililay between him and his journey's end. How his ears were strained; how every faculty was on the alert to almost agonising pitch as, peering back into the silence of the gloom, he strove to catch the faintest sound which should tell of pursuit. ' Up, old horse Nearly home now !" The, dreaded hill was reached. Minutes seemed hours to the rider, till at length its creat was gained. Then far below in front there twinkled forth a light, and then another. The aight sent a surging rush of relief through Renshaw's heart. "Thanks be to God and all the blessed and glorious company of Heaven," he murmured reverently, raising his hat. For he knew that those lighted windows weold not have shone so peacefully had any red horrific tragedy been there enacted. He was yet in time. CHIAPTER XV---THE nro5DoIT FoR. " Why, it's Renshaw i" cried Mrs Sel wood, who, hearing the sound of hoofs mingling with the barking of the dogs, had come to the door. "We didn't expect you till to- morrow. Well, you're just in time. A fbw minutes more and we should all have gone to bed. Call Windvogel to take your horse, and come in." " Ill let him run ; he's about done up," ho.answered, removing saddle, bridle and headstall, and turning the animal adrift. "Has your business fallen through?" she asked, as he followed her into the passage and closed the door. " It has had to stand over. Come in here, Hilda," leading the way into anempty room. "I have something to tell you. Io-never mind the light. The fewer lights shown the better." Then in as few words as possible he told her of the danger which hovered over them. Hilda Selwood came of a good old colonial stock, and was not lacking in nerve. Still, she would not have been a woman had she realised the frightful peril which threatened herself and her children without a shudder. " We must do what we can, Renshaw," she said. "Perhaps they wil not attack " ' Perhaps' is a sorry word to start cam paigning upon. What we've got to do is to ensure them as warm a reception as possible if they do. My opinion is that they will, if only thab they seem to have been watching the road. I believe they have ascertained by some means or other that Chris is away. Whae people have you on the farm just nowF" " Very few. There's Windvogel and old Jacob and Gomfana. That's all." " Windvogel I don't trust. Shouldn't wonder,indeed, if the yellow scoundrel was in league with them. Old Jacob has more than one fooitin the grave-he's no good. But Gomfana, though he couldn't hit a haystack with a gun, might make useful play with a shopper if it came to close quarters. And now, look here," he went on, after a moment's hesitation, "the situation may be desperate. These seven eut-throatsarefight iun with a noose round their necks. Every one of their lives is forfeited, and they are all well armed. Now, is there no suggestion you can make towards strengtheningthe garri son?" " Why, of course, Marian and I bothknow how to shoot. That makes three of us. And, then, we are under cover." "Well spoken. But I can improve on that idea-if you can bring yourself to agree. Little chaps as they are, Fred and Basil are better shots than either of you, and game to tnecore." Hilda Selwood gave a gasp. Her two little nues! Why, they weremere babiesbut yester ay ! And now she was to be called upon to sacrific them-to expose them to the peril of desperate conflict which would fully tax the courage of grown men. "I'd rather not, if it could possibly be avoided," she said, at last. "Very well. But I'm much mistaken if the young scamps won't take the matter into their own hands directly they hear a shot fired. Now, how many guns have we? Tnere's mine-two of Chris's-that makes six barrels, the boys' muzzle loaders, ten barrels. Then Chris has a five.-shooter-" "He took that with him." "Did he ? Well, I have a six. Altogether we shan't do badly. And, now, you had better break the news to Marian and Miss Avory while I slip down to the hut to rout out Gomfana. And lose no time barricad ing the windows. Mattresses are the thing for that-almost ballet proof." Arming himself with a gun and revolver, Renshaw slipped out quietly, and made his way to the huts. Gomfana, like mos' natives, slept heavily, and took a deal of waking; and by the time the situation was brought home to his obtuse brain some minutes had been lost. He was a sturdy youngster of about twenty-a " raw" Kafir that is to say, one who had never been out of his native kraal, and was stupid and ignorant of European ways. But at the prospect of a fight he grinned and brightened us. Just as they regained the house a glow euffsed the sky against the mountain top, and a few mninutes later a broad half-moon was sailing high in the heavens. Renshaw hailed its appearance with unboanded satis faction. The two girls had already lit their candles for bed when Mrs Selwood brought the un welcome news, judiciously omitting the ghastly tragedy which could only horrify without enoonuraging the hearers. Their method of receiving it was as divergent as their characters. Marian, though she slightly changed color, remained perfectly cool and collected. Violet, on the other hand, turned white as a sheet, and fairly shook with terror. It was all they could do to keep her from going into wild hysterics. "This sort of thing won't do at all, Miss Avory," said Renshaw, entering at that mo ment; his sable recruit hanging back in the doorway. " Why, all ycu've got to do is to lie down and go to sleep in perfect safety. if we exchange a shot or two that's all it will amount to. Come, now, I should have thought you would have enjoyed the excite. ment of a real adventure." Violet tried to smile, but it was the mere ghost of a smile. She still shivered and shook. And Renshaw himself seemed changed. None of the di.ident lover about him now. He seemed in his element at the prospect of peril. In the midst of her fears Violet remembered Marian's eulogies on his coolness and resource in an emergency. The recollection quieted her, and she looked upon him with unbounded respect. Then she noted Marian's calm and resolute demeanor, and even fancied that the look of the latter was expressive of something like contempt wherein she was mistaken, but the idea acted as a tonic to brace her nerves. Having seer to the firearms and ammuni tion, and cautioned the women to remain whero they were and allownomore light to be seen than they could help, Renshaw went the roundof the house. E.fle and the two little ones were sleeping soundly, so also were the two boys. Opening the door, he looked cau. tioneusly out. All was still. He had decided that the four corner rooms should be the points of defence, and the windows, accordingly, were not barricaded. The others were rendered secure by fixing against each a couple of mattresses. Then he went back to the ladies. The house was now all in darkness. but the moonlight streaming in above the protecting mattresses gave snolicient hlight for all pur poses. "Now, good people," he said, cheerily. "you may all go to bed. I'll call you when I want you. I'm going to watch at one corner, and Gomfana will take the other. There'll be no catching us napping. Be sides, the dogs will raise the most awful ahillaloo if anyone heaves in sight." Shakedowns had been improvised on the floor with rugs and pillows. In great measure, reassured by Marian's unconcern, Violet consented to lie down. Mrs felwood betook herself to her children's room. Ti'.he moon mounted higher and higher to the zenith, flooding the land with an eerie and chastened half light. The monotonous chirrup of the tree-frog, the shrill baying of a pair of hunting jackalls, the occasionalcry of a nightbird mournfully echoing from the mountain side, floated to the watcher's ear. Unremitting in his vigilance, Renshaw moved silently from room to room, his un erring eye scanning the ground at every point, and keeping his sable lieutenant up to the mark. loest that worthy should be tempted to doze. But Gomfana, who was armed with an axe and some assegais taken from a wall trophy, was rather thirsting for the en counter than otherwise. Some hundred and fifty yards from the main dwelling was a large outhouse block, comprising stables, waggon shed, shearing house, etc. On this point Renshaw's atten tion was mainly concentrated. He felt sure that the miseteants would take advantage of the shadow of this building to creep up as near as they could. Another point that needed watching was the thick quince hedge which skirted the garden, and which now afforded a shade congenial to the assailants' movements. " Not.inc is more trying to the nerves than a lonely nocturnal vigil. Most men, brave enough in actual danger, would have felt the "creepy" offeot or those silent hours as they strained their eyes upon the surrounding veldt, now construing a shadow into an enemy-nowhearing a whisper of.voicos the tread of a stealthy footstep-in the vary ing and spectral sounds of the night. But Renshaw's solitary and wandering life had inured him to these things. His chief con siderationswere, firstly, lest the drowsy feel ing which he was doing his utmost to combat should tend to dim his vigilance ; secondly, the stilling of his cravingofor just one care fully guarded pipe. Suddenly the faintest possible creak of a footfall on the floor behind him. He turned like lightning. " It's only me," whispered a soft voice. Anda tall figure approached in the gloom. " Marian I Why are you not lying down with the rest " . "They're all asleep now, even Violet. Look, I brought you some sandwiches. You hardly ate anything when you came in. You set to work upon them at once, and I'll mount sentry while you are having supper." " How good of you," he said, taking the plate from her, and also the glass of brandy and water which she had mixed for him. " Why, what have you there? A shooting iron ?" "Of course. You don't suppose I was going to leave my gun behind when we are in a state of siege, do you ?" She carried adouble-barrelled breechloader -rifle and shot cartridge-and there was a warrior flash in her eyes visible in the moon light, which told that she meant to use it, too, if occasion required. " Itis very lonelyforyon., watching all by yourself," she continuca. "I thought would come and keep you company." "So like you again. Bus look here, Marian, dear. You must not be exposed to danger. Single.handed I can make such an example of the schepsels that they'll probably turn and run. Still, they might let fly a shot or two. You will go baceo to the others if I ask you-will you not ?" Her heart thrilled tumultuously within her. In the darkness she need be at no pains to conceal the tell-tale expression of her face. Ah, but-his tones, though affectionate, were merely brotherly. That might be, but, still, whatever peril he might undergo it should be her privilege to share it-her sweet privilege -and she would share it. "No; I will not," she answered, de oisively. "I can be as cool as anyone living, man or woman. Feel my hand; there is not a tremble in it." And her fingers closed round his in a firm steady clasp, in which there was nothing nervous, nothing spas-. modie. "I believe you can," he answered, " but I was thinking of your safety." "My safety!" she Interrupted. Then in a different tone, "How do you suppose they'll come, Renshaw? Walk openly to the honse or try to creep up in the shadow!" "The last.. You see they showed their hand by tackling me upon the road.- Yet, they may think I've turned in and bothered no more about it. Hallo!" "What is it?" " I could have sworn I heard something. I've got long ears-like a donkey, you will say." Both listened intently, the woman with less eagerness, lees anxiety than the man. There was a kind of exaltation about larian to.night. Her nerves were as firm as those of her male companion himself ; and the cer tainty of a bloody conflict was to her, in her then frame of mind, a mere matter of detail. "' Ah l I thought I was right," he went on, as a premonitory "woof" from one of the dogs lying around the house was followed by a general uprising and clamor on the part of the whole lot. Then, baying savagely, they started off in full charge in the direction of the dark line of shade thrown by the willows fringing the dam, and on the oppo site side to that watched by Renshaw and his companion. " Marian, just go to the other side and look if you can see anything. You won't, I know; but, still, there's no harm in making sure." She obeyed. From that side of the house nothing was visible except a long stratch of sickly moonlight and the line of trees. But the dogs had disappeared within the shade of the latter, and were raising a clamor that was truly infernal They seemed to be holding something or somebody in cheek. Then she returned to her former post. "There's nothing there," she said, 'f at present. Ah!" Three shadowy figures were flitting round the angle of the outhouse block above men tioned. They gained the shade thrown by the front of it-crouched and waited. " Eere they are," whispered Renshaw, under his breath. "I was up to that dodge. One fellow was told off to draw off the dogs, while these jokers sneaked up in the opposite direction. Look-here come the rest." Two more figures followed the first-then another. All were now crouching in the shadow of the outhouses. Still the yelling clamor of the dogs sounded distant on the other side, kept up with unabated fury. CHAPTER XVI.--fATcnco a TATAnR. '"Now, Marian," whispered Renbshaw. "This is going to be a life and death business, remember. It's them or ourselves. You are sure you have no womanish qualms in favor of 'giving them a chance,' or any madness of that kind?" "You will see I" was the curt reply, and the tone was suffitcient. "All right. When I say 'Now,' you must let into the fellow I'll point out to you. Use your shot barrel, remember. I'm going to let them get quite lose, and we'll give thema heavy charge of loopers apiece. Then, if we get a show, we'll followit up with ride practice." She whispered assent, and for some moments they strained their eyes upon the shade of the out-buildings. ududenly one dark figure flitted noiselessly out, fol lowed by another and another, till the whole gani were full in sight, advancing in a diagonal lne. SKeep cool. Marian, keep cool," warned Renshaw. "Wait for the word. They are not nearly close enough yet." On came the six cut-throats. Two black men led-then a bestiallooking undersized Bushman Hottentot; his hideous yellow face, repulsive in the moonlight, cruel, -spe hke; his eyes rolling in eager, ferocions expectation of the sanguinary orgy which awaited. The other three were half-bloods. Five of them carried guns, the sixth a pistol. Again Renshat, had done the very best thing he could, in shaping the plan we have heard him lay down. On they came. Once the leader raisod his hand, and all stopped, listening intently. The wild clamor of the dogs still arose in the distance. Reassmed, the scoundrels ad vanced, swiftly, noiselessly. Seventy-aixty -fifty-forty yards. "Ready, Marian ! Take the third fellowr Crash! Crash l The double report bellowed forth into the midnight stillness. Mingling with it came a horrid mream. Marian's aim had been true and deadly. The leader of the gang a tal wart Kafir, had made one leap into the air and had fallen forward on his face. He lay motionless. Again Renshaw drew trigger bringing a third man to the grass,. his knee bone shattered. Then the unexpected took place. Instead of seeking safety m headlong flight, as the defenders had reokoned, the surviving three rushed madly round to the other side of the house, a bullet from Renshaw's six shooter failing to stop them. " Stay here, Marian," whispered the latter, hurriedly. "Draw on the first fellow who shows himself." And in a trice he was round to meet the new attack. What was this? No sign of the enemy. Had they fled? Suddenly a crash of glass-a souffle and a torrent of Dutch curses. Quickly the position stood revealed. There stood Gomfana, holding on to a human figure which was half in and half out of the window-head and shoulders through the shattered sash. He had got the fellow firmly by the neck with one hand, while with the other he was strivin, all he knew to drag him in by his clothing. But the villain-a stalwart half-breed-was almost too much for the sturdy young Kafir. The latter would have assegaied him in a moment had he owned three hands. Having but two, however, and these two being re quired to hold on to his enemy, it was out of the question-bht hold on he did. \- " Stop strnggline or I'll shoot you dead I" said Renshaw, in Dutch, placing the muzzle of his pistol against the man's body. The fellow, thoroughly cowed, obeyed, and Gom fana, with a final effort, hauled him bodily into the room, amid a terrific shatter of falling glass. " What on earth's the row, Uncle Ren shawl" said a boy's.voice. " Fred, out away andfind a reim." (Rope is little usedin South Africa, its place being supplied by raw hide thongs, termed as above). "Sharp's the word-mind." In a twinkling theyonugter was back wit.h the required article, and almost as quickly Renshaw's ready hand had strapped up the midnight robber so that the latter could not move a limb. Now, all this had happened in far less time than it has taken to narrate. (TO on CoNTINED.) 