POINTS- A' special feature., in cheap advertisings - Fifteen'- words; throe insertions, one. shilling, prepaid, in tho Telegraph -See special adver-. . - tisement. < To-day is St. Valentino's day. A certain tailor is displaying in his. window a valontmo which runs down a publio celebrity who is in the sanio lino of business. Hot competition the causo ? \- - - A Bdsiihoube party und exciting scenes on a racccourso uro brilliantly described m "Tlio Squatter'H Duughtcr, "tbo new Telegraph story. The "Windsor Sluro Council uro going to deal - with tho question of sularics and wages in Com mittee of tho Wliolo. It is rumoured tliut at least ono councillor was in favour of this courso, as h9 wished to cut down wages, and had nottho courage to advo- cute retrenchment in open council. It is also alleged that nil effigy of a certain councillor of that slnro is hoing prepared by tho workmen' whoso wagos are in uangor. Denham, tho newly elected chairman of tho StophQ'is Board, -is a man of good business ability. , He should fill tho chair with orcdit to him self and to the bourd. It was tu-ged by tbo polico in a case of vagrancy that a man Blopt on a pontoon ou tho bank of the river, and hnd no placo of abode. Mr. Pinnook ovidontly looked upon this as u very gruvo pheso of tho ohurgo. He said it would bo bettor for a man to take u puut, and cump in tlio middle of tbe river, thuii iu somo beds in romo houses. The water polico sboiild not bo surprised now if in their nightly patrols thoy como across numorous punts containing slumbering vugs. Another Hospital ghost has been raised and laid low. The allegations of a credulous' . religious healor concerning a hospital case "wcro yester day shown to be without foundation Down Adelaido way somo unomployed re fused to accept stonobrealdng, und thenf sr-ked for shelter at night. The Premier gave them a piece of his mind, and told them plainly that if thoy would net work whon thoy could got it, thoy would get neither food nor shelter. Some men are so constituted that thoy would never work so. long as thoy could livo on ths bread of charity. "The Squutter's Daughter." Saturday's Telegraph. . It has been loft to tho "pleasant little country town" of Maryborough to discover that Uic town clerk oinmot take tho chair at' the olection of Mayor. "What a long sories of mistakes havo thus been perpetlruted throughout Queensland. A modern Rip Vun IVinklp on waking this morning would have not hesitated to proclaim the season winter. Mb. Thomas Price, erstwhile member of Parliament for Wido Bay. is a member of the AVbolloongabba Exemplars' Group of co-opera tive settlers, who have just taken possession of a blook of land near Tcwantiii. \ Recent disclosures in connection with Pacific Island labour recruiting indicate tho existence of hitherto hidden rottenness. . "When ono man is called upon to suffer for his misdeeds his tongue is unloosened. The purifying process, if judioiously carried out, will bo beneficial to the trade. In a certain street off Wiokham street, very close to Brunswick street, there sometimes howls a voice cultured to the highest possible pitch in comic song singing. The nuisanco becomes unbearable when on a Sunday evening the harmonious quietude of the ' inhabitants of tho said street is broken with - the bawling strains of "After tho Bali,'" "Tim Flaherty," &o.; Were the said party able to hear himself as others hear him, he would for tbo rest of his natural life spend liis Sunday in church-going — being so disgusted at tlio " sound of his horn." Loud and Lady Brooko, who havo now be come Eurl and Countess of Wunviuk, aro best known in London as "tlio babbling Brookes " from their betrayal of what wont on at Tranby Croft, at the time when Gordon Cumming was accused of okeathig nt baccarat. Even tho sullow-faced almond-eyed celestial has what somo whito men, alas ! seem dovoid of— a heart. A southern paper tells of a Chinaman who took coinpussion on a would-be suicide, and resouod tlio poor girl from two desperate attompts to drown liorsolf. That's an incident to bo digosted by white men. The organ of tho Congregational Churoh in Australia says tlmt tlin churches ill Queensland are having "a dark and cloudy day, and in- stancos'Gympio and Maryborough. The oxistonco of tlio Mury River alligator has beon conclusively proved, fortunately with out tbe loss of life. Mr. D. Lewis, of the Russell River, recently took into Cairns a oitron weighing 9 lbs. Read, tlio new Btpry commcnoing in the Telegraph of Saturday, February 17 — "Tho Squatter' s Daughter. " A new-okum kanaka named ' Tabolingbnn was crushed to deutli at Avondale plantation lust week, whilo engaged with some other islundors in skidding logs. Tropical agri culture ? Mr. H. Fenn has started a steam sawmill near Muugjudi, on tho Queensland side of the Barwon River. At Maryborough an alderman took the chair during the mayoral election, and Alderman Bartholomew was eleatod on his casting- voto. . Two nominations .were "mado at Charters Towers, and Alderman Johnston was eleotcd Mayor by fivo votos to four. Alderman Collins was elected Mayor of "Warwick after a contest. Alderman Spencer was elected Mayor of Roma at a second mooting of the council, and at Goondiwindi Aldermun ,Gough was chosen with unanimity. The Young Dbfenco Juvenilo Templars did a kind aot lately. They gave an entertainment on January 3 1, for the benefit of tho Shultz widow arid family, and'with collections handed ovor £9 14s. It is not conducivo to an unruffled state of calm when you are kopt a solid hour waiting . for your screw. But this happens to tho "low grado" persons in a certain corporation, whereas tho - "high grade" aro waited upon and their screws are handed to them on a dish. Rumour says that some of theso soraws will ho " dished " altogether very shortly. . A new evening paper,, with a very respcot- ablo capital bohind it, is on tho tapis in Bris bane. Senior- seeoeaot Hiooins beingen-tho point' - of retiring, it is mooted that Burko, of "war-, wiqk, should assumo Higgins's mantle.- . We were in err.or yesterday in makjng Aid. ' White the junior of Aid. Fras'er ; theyivwera 'both elected in 1892. ' Youoau make your money go further by purchasing your furnishing goods from John Hioks, Complete House- Furnisher, Georga street. Direot importer of carpets, linoleums, drapery, Glassware, china, eleotroplated ware,, cutlery, &e.;, &o.; " TATTERSALL'S are the only successful ' consultations in Australia. Australian Clip,' .. March -6, 60,990, at 6a., now open, and filling 1 rapidly, ' Apply Tattcrsall's, core of Geo. - Adams, Telegraph Chambers, Brisbane. 