LOCAL NEWS. ?Williams River Agricultural and Horti cultural Associ&.TiON.-We have received from the secretary the members' pamphlet isaued by this society. It contains the schedule of prizes offered for competition at the eighth show to be held on May 2 and 3 at Dungog. Vl,nArAMC1 Tf in DEATH OF MRS. ELIZABETH YEOMANS.It is our sad duty to chronicle the death of Mrs. Elizabeth Yeamans, of "The Grange," West Maitland, relict of the late Mr. George Yeomans, which took place in a very sudden manner at her residence this morning. The deceased lady was 82 years of age, but enjoyed good health up to the time of her death. She was to have paid a visit to Sydney last Tuesday, but owing to the wet weather put the visit off, and intended going to-morrow. She rose in her usual health this morning, and had a hearty breakfast. At half-past ten she was in the act of writing to the Rev. Herbert Vindin, of Sydney. Her attendant coming into the room, observed that she was leaning over the table with her head lying upon it. She tried to arouse the old lady, but failing, called Mrs. Schulzen and Mrs. Lloyd, two of the lady's widowed sisters, who resided with her. They, thinking their sister had simply swooned, tried to restore her, but failing sent for Dr. R. G. Alcorn, who at once came and pronounced that life had fled, the cause being disease of the heart. In the late Mrs. Yeomans this town loses one of its oldest residents. She came to Maitland in 1826, sixty-eight years ago, and has resided here since. She and her husband were intimately connected with the early history of the town, as her father was with the neighbouring one of Singleton. Mrs. George Vindin, of West Maitland, is also a sister of the late Mrs. Yeomans. The deceased lady was a very liberal contributor to St. Mary's Church, West Maitland, to which parish she belonged, and the sister church also was not forgotten by her. She was a benevolent woman, and the charitable institutions and the poor of the town will lose in her a generous benefactor. This afternoon the bells at St. Mary's Church chimed a muffled peal out of respect for the deceased lady, and it will be seen elsewhere that her funeral will take place to-morrow. Pollard's Liliputian Opera Company. — Our readers will see by advertisement elsewhere that this company, announced to appear in the Town ? Hall this evening, will not visit Maitland till Wednesday evening, when ' Aladdin' will be pro duced. Death from Diphtheria. — A little girl named Ellen Sams, five years of age, daughter of a resi dent of Cessnock, died in the Maitland Hospital this morning. She was admitted to the institution |about ten days ago suffering from diphtheria, but notwithstanding every possible care and attention on! the part of the nursing and medical staff, the poor child succumbed to this malignant disease. Matriculation Examinations. — We have been requested to correct an error that occurred in our notice of the examination last week. Through the wrong figures being given us we stated that there were eleven candidates from the Sacred Heart College and three from the Public High School. The figures should have been, nine from the Sacred Heart College, five from the Boys' High School, two from the Grils' High School, one from the Gramm'ar School East Maitland, and one private tuition. The examinations have been continued during the whole of last week and will not conclude until to-morrow. The results of the examinations will be published at the latest early next week. Narrabri Weather Report. — Since our last report we have had a change of weather, which will effect a transformation in the face of nature so far as this district is concerned. In and around *i Narrabri the fall of rain between Wednesday morn ing and Friday morning may be said to be pheno menal for this district, no less than 663 points be ing recorded up to 9 o'clock on Friday morning. The most remarkable feature about this rainfall is its extremely partial and patchy character. For instance, while 2 inches of rain fell in Narrabri on Thursday morning, Millie and Pilliga had only 10 points, and even places but a few miles from Nar rabri, such as the Little Mountain, had nose worth speaking of, while Moree and Mungindi had none at all. This was to some extent compensated for on Thursday night, when Moree scored 359 points, bufc even then the fall was not very evenly dis tributed, for while Narrabri had 311 points, Bog gabri had only 40 points, and Wee Waa only 31, while Gunnedah and Werris Creek had nil. There is one cirenmstance in connection with this rainfall, so far as tfarrabri is concerned, which tends to very greatly increase its value as a means of promoting vegetation, viz., that the temperature has not fallen to any appreciable extent. During Friday in particular the atmosphere was warm and moiBt— in f act, muggy, — much resembling the sort of weather that is often experienced in Sydney and other stations near the sea coaBt. This can hardly be said to be pleasant weather. Human beings don't like it as a rule, but for all that it i3 pre eminently profitable in a pastoral district. It makes the pastures grow almost by magic, and goes far towards providing food for stook during the eoming winter- For pastoral purposes it could hardly be better if it were made expressly to order. A few inches of rain now while the ground still retains a large proportion of the heat it absorbed during the summer months is worth immeasurably more than double the quantity would be after the winter frosts have set in. — Herald, March 10. A Cricket Match at Carrow Creek.— This morning we received a report dated March 5 of a match played at Carrow Brook on March 3, between the Carrow Brook Cricket Club and the Gooran goola Cricket Club. Goorangoola made 41 and Carrow Brook 61. In their secend innings the Goorangoola men made a poor stand against the bowling of Smith and Lester, and were all out for 19 runs. The wicket-keeping of Brooker was splended. We do not give the scores as the report has been so much delayed: our correspondent writes, ' Do not forget us this time, or else the? won't know there is such a place as Carrow Brook,' but he should see that his letter was sent ia reasonable time. We are glad to have cricket or other news if it be forwarded promptly. A Battle with a Snake. — Our Greta corres pondent writes : — On Friday, while a daughter of Mr. Cousin, blacksmith, was passing the rear of a wash-houBe in the garden, her attention waa drawn to a large snake that waa sunning himself behind it. We were near the spot at the timo, and the girl being aware ;of the natural dating within us, and the great reputation we have for dealing ont death to such vermin, instantly set up a yell for help, amid which our cognomen was clearly mentioned. It was enough. Throwing our hat on the grass, we seized the first weapon that came handy (it chanced to be a 10ft. clothes prop), and ? streaked' for that reptile. He saw us coming, and dodged under an empty kerosene tin. We poked the tin over, when he charged, and we retreated. This manoeuvre was repeated another ten times without any perceptible advantage being gained by either side. Our waddy was too long, so we put it away and, armed with a spade, renewed the battle with better hopeB of victory. The snake seemed to know this as well, for he now charged even more viciously, evidently eager to bite us; but he never got closer than 3 feet. In hia tenth charge we got the sharp spade home, and he retired hurriedly, much disgusted, and with a nasty gash along where his dorsal fins would have been — had he been a shark. This encounter caused Mm to treat us with more respect, and when he again moved he took great care to have his tail close up to his head and one eye continually fixed on us. We had his measure, however. At our next 'jobb' we cut a neat pocket in the breast of his night shirt, and then he lost heart altogether and skurried into the lavatory, sick of the world and its brutal ways. We followed him there, armed with a sense ?of right and — the spade j but he was not ' at home' to us, search as we would, and presently we were reinforced by the arrival on the scene of Mr. J.I Gillard and C. Bristoo. A hurried council of war was held, and we decided to send the first-named citizen inside to unearth the marauder, while the other two acted as flying Bentries outside to be ready to repulse any attempt at a sally. A wild Irish yell , from our aged and venerable mother, and ail endorsing scream from another lady who was' present, soon warned us that the quarry was in view, and we had only time to 'recover arms' and come to the ' point forward' when he came in view — head low, and very flat, and a world of malice in his eye. So had we, though ; and when he noticed this he backed out of the trouble, went back inside and was promptly pounded to a jelly by a native of hia own country, to wit, Mr. Gillard. Now, we considered that snake behaved meanly. We were the person he began the battle with, and as we ' winged' him first, we contend he ought to have let us finish him. It is only another instance, nowever, of how new drama are treated. ? The Mining Fatality at Stockton. — Our New castle correspondent this morning sent us a full re port of the inquiry held on Saturday afternoon into the circumstances of the death of Robert Donaldson, a miner killed on Saturday morning in the Stockton pit. The evidence showed that deceased and his father were mining in a bore, towards which two other minerg were on Friday working a cut through. These two miners on Friday had told the Donald son's they intended firing a shot. The shot missed at that time, but the miners Akcrs and Darcey gave the Donaldsons no warning on Saturday that they were intending to fire again. It appears the deputy of the mine took the responsibility of firing the shot on Saturday morning, which when done, drove the coal out in the Donaldsons' bord and killed young Donaldson. The evidence was that Burc the deputy gave no sufficient warning to adjacent workers that he waa going to fire the shot, and the jury in their verdict censured Burt, Akers and Darcey for this neglect. Maitland District Court. — The Maitland District Court will be opened at the Courthouse, Ea3fc MaitJand, at ten o'clock on Wednesday morn ing by His Honor Judge Backhouse. Another Wasuawat at Thornton.— Yester- day morning a second washaway occurred on the railway line at Four-Mile Creek about a mile this side of Thorton, and caused a temporary suspension of traffic. The breach wa3 made at the same spot as formerly, the culvert across the creek being inadequate to carry the heavy body of water which accumulates in the creek at this juncture. On Tuesday evening last the first washaway had been completely restored, but the heavy rains of Satur day night caused another rise in the creek, and the water was dammed back until the pressure became so great as to wash away bodily about fifty yards of filling and timber with which the wash away had been repaired, and left the railway line in the same state as before. The early train from Newcastle yesterday morning passed over the line in safety, but within a short time the embankment gave way. Gangs of men were at once put on to fill the gap and repair the damage, and by seven o'clock last evening the breach was sufficiently repaired to enable the trains to pass over. Great cafe has to be taken however in crossing the line here, the drivers having orders not to exceed a speed of four miles an hour. It is stated that the Railway Com missioners have decided to replace the present dangerous and inadequate culvert and embankment with a bridge 150 feet long which will prevent a recurrence of the dangers to which this portion of the line has been so often exposed in flood time, Tho culvert at Four Mile Creek is another instance of Mr. Whitton's blundering railway science, and ought clearly to demonstrate to the Commissioners the good cause the reople of East Maitland have to complain of the culvert at Bank-3treet. An American Reporter on Patti.— As American critic thus describes the effect of Patti's singing : — Patti was singing ' Home, Sweet Home.' There was a breathless' silence throughout that vast audience as those sweet, pure, liquid toHes floated through the hall and kissed the ears— mingling in harmony with the mental music of childish prattle and voices of wife and mother, associations as beautiful as they were sacred. Tears were in the eyes of hundreds as the last note softly died into an echo. The applause broke forth spontaneously from every nook an 3 corner of that immense hall, and surged like a flood from pit to dome. ' She doesn't put any flub-dubs on it, does she?' re marked a lady who sat next to the Pickings man, as she bent orer toward her companion Flub-dubs on ' Home, Sweet Home !' What are flub-dubs ? Jilting. — The Saturday Review of January 20 has an article ? on the 'Ethics of Jilting.' 'We have heard' (says the writer) ' a man severely spoken of as one ' who trifled with the feelings of married ladies.' This delightful expression, itself coined by a married lady, is full of moral matter. The more one reflects on it, the more do ethical questions of a novel and perplexing nature appear on the moral horizon. For instance, have married ladies any right to feelings?' If they have 'feel ings,' what Bhould the conduct of the person blamed have been in that regard ? To trifle with the feel ings of unmarried ladies we all admit, theoretically, to be wrong ; but what moral code condemns it? We may be told that tha Golden Rule applies to this as to all the other circumstances of life. We should do to others as we wish4 that others should do to us. But, with submission, we venture to doubt whether the Golden Rule does help us here. Let each man remember the days of his youth. He would, we thiuk, have decidedly preferred that Miss Brown should trifle with his feelings than that she should leave his feelings entirely alone, and pass him by as one in maiden meditation, fancy free. It is much more pleasant to have a day on a salmon- river when several fish ' come short' than a day without a rise at all. The salmon have trifled with our fly and our feelings; bufc, f'tis better to have hooked and lost than never to have hooked at all.' And it iB proverbially better to have loved andlo3t (the object 'aoming short' as it were) than never to have loved at all. Men -are usually hard on a man jilt. They say he ought to be kicked, and here we are entirely with them But ladies usually defend the sinner. They say they would rather be jilted than married byua. wooer whose heart had flitted elsewhere or was not thoroughly interested in the whole concern. Men, at least in novels, do not seem to be so particular. This, of course, complicates the question terribly. ThuB regarded a man mBy jilt, because ladies, speaking in the abstract, say that they prefer this line of conduct. WomaD may not jilt, because man wants to marry her, whether or no, and chance it, being confident in his power of winning her heart in the postnuptial Btyle, so common in fiction. These are among the merely elementary difficulties of a great neglected, uncultivated field in the moral universe.' Too Literal. — A German Btudent, wrestliog with the English language, is said to have rendered a text as follows : ' The ghost is willing, but the meat is feeble.' A Social Crusade. — The V.aff-yearly meeting of the Parramatta branch of the Women's Christian Union was held in the local Congregational Church on Friday evening. Miss Jessie Ackermao, who ocsupied the chair, stated (according to the Herald) that they intended to hold the next triennial con ference in Sydney, when the people of this colony would be given one of the greatest object lessons in moral advancement that had ever been dreamt of. Miss Ackernian spoke of the depravity and the curse of opium, which was gradually becoming a great evil in their midst. She had her self in one night spoken to 47 European women who were smoking opium in Chinese dens. The Union intended tomake a strong crusade against this terrible curse. Referring to political matters, she snid since she had been away from Australia she had vipited nearly all parts of the world, and in tho Houses of Parliament had witnessed scenes that were a disgrace to all con cerned. Men without character were sent to rep resent the best interests of the commonwealth — men they would not trust in the petty details of life. The men they wanted to represent them were men with clean hands and pure hearts. 