N'fflPORTK. BrJ. O. B. j A t, last week's meeting of .the Waterloo and Alexandria branch'' of the Womanhood Suffrage League, the good results following the entrance of women into active, politics was dwelt upon. Wyoming, New Zealand, and the Isle of Man are the three places where the system at - present flourishes. Its effect upon 'the American State is little short of starring; Crime, illiteracy, and lunacy have gone down with a run, while the ad ministration of public affairs is now conducted with an economy which puts to shame the older communities on the Atlantic seaboard. Indeed, so phenomenal has been the effect upon insanity that there are now but three lunatics . in all Wyoming, and the entire trio are men. A modern State without a mad-woman, however, is so contrary to the general run of 'things that the question arises whether it would he worth living in such a place. * * * * If anything .will bring the Eastern war to a speedy end it will be 'the Japanese custom , of re moving the dead Chinamen'and burying them in Japan. The Japs themselves, Buch6coffers,are they, don't seem to care a brass farthing where they're ' planted,' so long , as they're not buried alive. But the Chinese, who thinks bisbbnes will rest in foreign soil, dies twice. Still, we - have no ' right to. be mealy-mouthed. We blew Sepoys from guns, well knowing that the poor wretches' chief dread was their belief in the 'uselessness of trying to enter Par&dise; in pieces. . ' „ ' . . Mr. W. S. Leigh) Superintendent of Caves, has discovered two new ones at Wombeyan. What a singular title— Superintendant of Caves d There was a time, no doubt, when it was not only expedient but necessary to have an official with such a desig nation. But it was when palaeolithic man was ' Wrestling with the woolly niinoceroB in Britain or retiring precipitately without an1 apology when the plesiosaurus. was stretching his neck over a neighbouring hill-top. The Australian natives never lived in caves. They'd as much as they could do to live on top. ... At the Tenerifle Creamery* Goulburn, during the recent thunder . storm, the weighing machine got in the way of a' bolt. The latter was never seen again — neither was the machine. Leastways, no one would have -. known it for the same thing it put up to be before . the cloud passed over the chaste, cold moon. It doesn't follow that because Ajax defied the lightning and pulled through, a weighing-, j machine can expect .the same immunity. ' , ' , . j \- Thus Sir Heniy Parkes ' at Parramatta ' We \- had arrived at -a time when- ihestomach and the lower limbs were set to govern the heart and | . brains of 3he body politic.' -But Sir Henry must 'know that Ihe two great motive powers of ani ' mated nature are hunger and love, and of these, the greater is hunger. Ttis' this - etomiachf even: without ihe lower limbs, that governs the world. So much might have been learnt from the ancient fable. And till each man has a pot on the hob with a fowl in it the world will never go well. * . * . . * The other day, in Sydney, a boy was sent to -the training-ship for selling cherries at 3d a pound, while a brick was ingeniously attached to his scales. Two adults were with him — were probably the promoters of the petty- swindle — but they ran off, leaving the cherries for confiscation and the poor lad in the lurch. If the authorities, however, vould only look around the various fruit-Bhops, and not eonfine their attention ex clusively to the itinerant vendor, they would be forced to the conviction that knavery is widespread. Let me-give an example. Loquats at 6d a pint at tracted me. But on entering tneshop and seeing the pint, the desire for the frait was replaced by a longing to see the proprietor in the police court with his measure in his hand. At the outside, it might go lOoz., but .8 would probably be nearer the mark. For days haunted that window, rejoicing after each visit to see the mound of loquats . undiminished.. ' Jt was. clear . that .other . customers likeime hada prejudice -against that ' .pint. A great outcry has been i raised - London . ag^nst 'some ingenious 1 rascals who , were ifa. the habit ofhuyingtea-leaves from restaurateurs, and, having 'subjected than to ascertain process, re selling them to smart jfrocers as theliest Cdngou. -ButSydney people' need aiofc go farfrom home - to \- discover practices .equally mean and^ equally per- - nicious. ' ? ? ? '* * The Xiondon Timet (weekly edition .^October 26) has struck out in anew direction with the fairest 'nrqpise of sucoess. The peculiarities of snakes nave attracted much attentionboth in America and in Australasia. But it- was reserved for the Timet to supply the steepest thing in this line— to place upon the market a pattern cl goods that bids fair to turn the country editors of South Carolina and of New South Wales a sickly and envious green. It appears - that in the Rfegent-street 'Zoo.' there weret^oboas ih the same cage. One was 9ft. long, the other 8ft. . One recent .evening ; Ihe kegper having fed fiiem with _ a -pigean apieoe put up 'me gutters for the night. It is at this point the Times cor respondent spreads himself : — 'When the house was opened in the morning only one boa was found in fl»in cage ; the other had disappeared. Though the survivor was only a foot longer than the other snake, there was no reason to donbt that it had completely swallowed its companion. . . There is every reason to believe that in accom plishing this almost incredible feat the snake acted by mistake, and that it devoured its companion by what deserves to be called an accident. It is believed that the larger snake caught hold of the part of the pigeon which projected from the other's mouth and gradually enveloped,- not only the bird, but the head of the other snake. Once begun, the swallowing process would go on almost mechani cally. Though still rather lethargic, the surviv «jng boa is not injured by its meal. Its scales have the beautiful iridescent blooA peculiar to the skin of the snakes when in perfect health.' There. A Parramatta reporter whom I knew went to London last August to look for a situation. I told hira it was a precarious prospect, but he has apparently landed on his feet. And yet it can scarcely be he. 'He was too much of an artist to botch one little detail. It will be observed that the foregoing excerpt makes the big boa swallow the small one. 'My Parramatta friend would never have done that. * * * * It was Sunday morning in Hobart. The sun's earliest beams had -begun to faintly dapple the eastern horizon, while night gathered her sable skirts preparatory to prolonging her sempiternal journey west. Peace reigned over the Exhibition .. where but a few honrs before might have been heard the Whirr of busy machinery and the hum of many voices. In the dim matutinal twilight Tasmania's chief -city, .miraged in the light haze still untouched by the orb of day, seemed a symbol of. repose. The peaceful river, rapidly but noise lessly gliding by to be lost in the illimitable sea beyond, was a fit emblem of life's short span, a ? mere hyphen joining two eternities. A fresh Skbbath nad almost aawned , and the citizens of Hobart were deep in the -refreshing Blumber which shuns the down couches of monarchs to hover over the lowly pallets of the poor. * * * ?* It wa« just then that Lennox, a watchman, accompanied by a. Customs officer, heard from the Exhibition refreshment-room a noise that pushed his hair through his hat. It was scarcely a soli tary noise, but rather a succession of sounds beginning with high words, working through loud argument and ending with falling crockery. The position of these two lonely men was even worse than O'Shanter's. He, at least, could see what was going on inside the kirk, and pay his honest tribute of applause to the 'cutty sark.' Besides, he was well fortified with Souter Johnny's whisky and in a frame of mind to enjoy a revel. But the Hobart officials could see nothing. Still, they heard enough to send them like a pair of trained runners to the quarters of Mr. -Jules Joubert, the general manager.® All threq^were soon in the refreshment-room, Mr. Joubert in undress, the others in great-coats. Then the cause of the disturbance was discovered. It seems that a travelling showman named Davis, with three large monkeys in his company, had opened a season of legitimate drama in -a garden over against the Exhibition. Whether Saturday Aight^ ghost refused or forgot to walk is uncer tain. At all events, the monkeys got no supper after' the performance, and so started but to mid one, their cage paving been inadvertently left open. With an instinct but one remove from in spiration, they made a bee-line for the buffet, were through the windows in a jiffy, and bulbous with ham sandwiches before their orgie attracted the watchman's attention. When the officials arrived the three anthropoids were sitting on the counter pelting each other with plates. It is when monkeys' are fullest that they are most mischievous: The same peculiarity has been observed in men, ' which goes far to prove, a ... common origin. The next thing was to secure, thein ; for the inquisitive creatures, as if conscious that no further oppor [. tunity would be given thein to examine the, ex 1\. hibits, jumped from case to oase and made some , unintelligible observations on what was inside ? while their pursuers were perspiring in the dis tance. M. Joubert was most to be commiserated. His companions, at' any rate, were fully - dressecl. tmd, j3o far, protected. AUthe animftls were ulti . mately captured and returned to their owner for Monday night's performance. But it is doubtful if any subsequent performance of theirs will pos sess the same interest for at least thr«e persons in Hobart that their Sunday one did. It is but fair . to conclude that in future, -before retiring for the night, the general manager will see that both Mr. Davis and Ins troupe are at home. 