THE CURE OF STAMMERING. ' The Hosmtai..' Mirny people regard stammering as merely " a bad habit." In so far as the defect becomes more marked in conditions of excitement and self-conscionsness this is, after a fashion, true; and the mind may be brought in to help the removal of the impediment. There is a story told of a woman in Strasburg, who was told that the stammering with which she was afflicted was caused by the devil. There fore, every time she felt that the impedi ment- was about to interfere with her speech she muttered under breath, " In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost," and then turning round, spat, and said to the devil, ' " That is for thee!" This exorcism, it is said, always I stopped the attack. Eugsley, who him self had conquered the trouble, advised stammerers when speaking to accompany each syllable with some movement of hand cr foot, in order by the muscular effort to distracc attention from the speak ing. This is helpful in cases where the stammering arises from timidity, shyness, or anxiety, but will not prove effective in all. The first essential in the cure of stammering is correct breathing, because one of the habits of confirmed stammerers is to speak with exhausted lungs. Mr Behnke's method commenced with what he called " diaphragmatic drill"— that is, breathing from the diaphragm instead of the short, jerky, hard, clavi cular breathing which is common. Dia phragmatic breathing, where the resist ance is only of soft parts, not only permits of the full aeration of the lung, but can be controlled to a nicety, where as clavicular breathing, pushing against the harder parts of the thorax, is apt to be short and jerky. This mere matter of proper breathing will often enable a patient to pronounce the letters over which he habitually stumbled. After the I breathing comes "phonation drill," i.e., the proper use of the vocal chords. "Why is it that while a trained orator can address a large meeting for an hour or two on end without fatigue, and without apparently raising his voice above the ordinary tone of conversation, his un trained rival shouts and shrieks himself into a state of husky exhaustion in less than half the time? Because the first knows how to use his voice. He pro nounces each'syllable clearly, yet not with "barn- stonning" emphasis; he knows how to produce a clear and resonant tone, and. that -without straining or forcing his voice. "What the ordinary man needs the stammerer needs still more. Above all, he needs practice in that prompt and sure action called " shock of the glottis." To attain this the patient should be told to sing a number of staccato tones, each one preceded by a short inspiration. The throat thus be comes accustomed to prompt, sharp action, and the voice is more easily managed. 