"UEBNSLMD TEAM, 1 The following notes about tho Queensland team will bo road with iutorost : — \Y. Bradley. — Born in Brisbane, mode his entry into senior orioket in 1886, playing for Albert Gnckot Grab, for whioh olubho frequently distinguished himself. Joined the Graziers Criokot Club la 1892. Good wiokot-keepor, and steady bard-hitting along the ground bat ; his hatting in the Intercolonial Match last Eastor in Sydney csllod forth very ftwourablo critioism. Has scored tho oontury several times ; against Alberts 112 not out ; against Ivnuhoes in September this year 121, a most brilliant innings und probably his bcBt, as' will be readily understood 'when wo rompmher that suoh bowlors as. M'Glinohey, Carlton, _ and O'Brien woro playing for the Ivnnhoe Criokot Club; also 100 with' 18 in ,the Hold against combined North Queensland vat Townsvillo. Injured his hand during tho Graziers' northern tour whioh has thrown him out of praotioe for tho last threo weeks. Has played in all big matches in Brisbano for past fivo years. Got1 average Graziors' northern team, 4 Innings with average of 56-6. A. Oouincwam:.— Very vigorous hat and good fast howler, active field. Momlior of Australian Eleven whioh visited England two seasons ago, scouring on his tour 38 wiokets at au averago of 16, and in America got tho hatting avorago. For seven yoars previous to leaving Queensland to go to England, obtained best batting and bowling averages in Brisbane. Flayed for Now South Wales against Vietoria .and South Australia, obtaining bowling avorago oaoh time. His highest aggregate in ono season was 1,322 runs, and his host avorago 96 runs por innings. Hi ghost score 153 agaiustNorthern distriots, tor metropolis, in Sydney .; also got 141 for Stan leys v. Alberts. This season has scored 86 with Graziers v. Ivanhoes, 62 against combined 18 at Townsvillo, making 18 in four successive hits. Got avorago of 373 with Graziers' northorn team for 7 innings. J. Carlton. — Late of Victoria, played for North Melbourao lost season, ana was con sidered in Melbourne ono of the host olub howlers there, a good hat, and splendid field ; last season bowled 1,945 bslls, 828 runs, 81 maidens, 42 wiokets, .with an avorago of 19-73 runs por wioket ; batting scoured an average of 20 ; ia 1892-3 howlea 1,309 balls, 432 runs, 06 maidens, 40 wiokets, avorago 8-8 ; hatting had an average of 49 runs for 10 innings. A notable howling performance of his was mat ho obtained six wiokets with 7 balls on North Melbourne orlokot ground. J. Dbapb.— Native of NorthMelbonrnorolayed with OrmondO.O., most aucoossfnl Boylo and Scott's junior toam iri Viotoria, very fraohst, plays woll in front of the wioket, played Binoe 1890 with North Melbourao O.O., premier sonior olub in Melbourao ; last season .got avorago of 27 for 16 innings; represented Viotoria against Tasmania last January, scor ing 32 and 6 not out; got second hatting avorago with Graziers' northern team, five innings for 46-0 II. S. Fkkeilan. — Native of Onrlton, Victoria, captained Carlton Criokot Club, winning hatting averago and trophy for best fielding for thrco yours in succession ; played for South Molbourno, gaining averago for season, 46-5 ; playing for Richmond, got avorugo of 28 runs. Represented Viotoria against South Australia, Tusmunia, and Show mid Shrewsbury's toam. Best ucoros iu Brisbano, 60, (17, 76, 58 not out, and G7 second innings in match in Sydney last Easter. Avorago last season, 67. Brilliant fiold, returning tho ball splendidly, and good, roliaHo bat. 0\. HironoooK. — Fino wloketkeoper, taking a ball behind the stumps bettor, in tho opinion of somo judges, than any other pluyorhoro. — 4 ' . 'I ' ..'"" ' i - ' His great porformanco was in tho tost matoh lust month, no byos in a sdoro of 241. Fair bat nnd Hold. Has donO really good work for tho Statiloys. W. HoAnr.. — Nativo of Brisbane, played witli South Brisbano, gaining batting avorago for two eonsons. Joined Graziors in 1892; second butting avorago that season. Bowling ngainst Now South Wales intercolonial team, at. Eastor, 1893, got six wickets for 12 runs, and rogurded as liiglily dangerous on a bad wiekot. Good but and bowler. Dn. R. Maodonald. — A batsman of tho stonowulling typo, mado 28 in Sydney Inst Eastor, playing for Quoonsland, in two hours, has a very good dofonoo. But has more than onoo scored ids century in olub matched.. In Philadelphia, and alsoin England, for thecountir of Loloostortihiro, ho quito distinguished himself both with bat and ball. Whilst in England, modelled his stylo on that of Gunn, nnd has thus devolopcd into a fine defensive hntsmun, without whom no Quoonsland toam would bo coinploto. P. S. M'Donnell.— One of the host batsmen Australia has prodaoed of the freo hitting, vigorous type, whioh seoms to be unfortunately going out of fashion with batsman, visited Englund four times with Australian Elevens, and waB oap tain of tho 1888 team. His batting averagos for tho fpur tours were : 1880, 22-8 ; 1882, 17-16 ;. 1884, 23-0; .1888, 22-61. Has ropoatcdly roprosonted Victoria, Now South Wales, or Australia. Soorod 239 for Now South Wales v. Viotoria in 1886, tho noxt highest scoro being 29. Whilo compiling this score, ho mado 81 runs undor 45 miuutcs, an Australian and, probably, a world's record. Also scored 82 runs of a total of 86 in Man chester for the sixth Australian Eloven 'in 1888. Has scored this season in. Queensland. 7) -nob out ugainsb fifteen combined North .Quoons land for Graziors' Cricket.. Clnb, 68 against Albert Criolcet Club. W. W. M-Gijnouey. — Nativo of Newcastle, New South Walos, gained howling averago for Ironclad Criokot Olub, Newcastle, two years iu suoccsslon ; played uftcrwards for Albion Criokot Clrib, Muitlund, winning batting avorago four years in succession, best . avorago 69 runs per innings ; his greatest performance was whoa he soorod 58 and 58 not out for Northern distriots of Now South Walos against metropolis two seasons ugo, Turner and Con- ingham bowling, for the latter team. Saorcd 50 for Graziors v. Sydney Seniors, also 10 oh a bod wioket and 40 second innings against New South Walos last Easter iu Sydney. A -first- oluss bowler, and has as many strokes as any bats man in Brisbano. Is a brilliant field, ospociully in slip. Has represented' Now South Walos against Now Zealand in tho latter placo, und has playod against Viotoria and England. Got 68 ngainst Shaw and Shrewsbury's team. M. PiBitoi!. — A native of New South Wales, has represented Now South Walos in mtor- ooloniul orioket in Adelaide,' Melbourne, Syd ney, and Brisbano. A vory good break howlor, and good hat playing woll in front of the wiekot ; is a splendid field stopping tho hardest drivers with utmost coolness, and is a player not iikoly to lose his hctld whon a closo thing is on. -' A, neat and cxtremoly tasteful scoring cord ha9 boon issued gratis by tlio Central Queensland Most Export Company for tho forthcoming cricket matoh in Brisbane. Tho card, suppllod us it is witli pencil, will bo an acceptable as well as useful souvonir of tho match. , The following, appeared In- onr Second Edition yesterday. 