.PARS PITHILY Pfit Gold I Finds. | Cheap s Wheat. Picnics. Fftrcwelln. Bay trips. Deputations. wtuier oo^ev. Same old ghost. Another war scare, The Age at it again. Masonicceremotiiitls. Depression meetings. Stray school children. Typhoid fever spreading. Hr. Frank Madden, M L.A. Ot a worthy old fnmily. Another portrait to-day. Yet another for next Saturday. Beware of street ice cream. Shoold Parliament meet now ? Prahran crime rccord down to zero. St. Kilda holds another jollification. Another attractive illustration to-day. Aoother novel competition annnounoed. Finding the oldest wedded pair in Prah ran. Another old married folk prize competi tion. The old *' winter bogey ' already intro duced. A worthy member of tbe honored Madden family. ' Prahran Tradesmen's picnic next Wed nesday. * - Another extraordinary election promised at Malvero. King Solomon's successor at Balaclava— Bro. H. Stokesberry. Typhoid see-sawing—' One week np, and City Inspector Foulds, of South Mel bourne, suspended from doty. Victoria flowing with milk and honey ~ to wit behold the harvest results 1 Dr. Gresswell warns the community againBt eating ice-crcams sold in tbe streets. The letter of ' A.W.W.' on the unem ployed question will appear in our next issue. Tbe Prahran Gospel Mission is progrts sing satisfactorily aud good work is being done. Big house at St. Kilda Town-ball on Wednesday night. A free show always draws. St. Kilda burglaries are on the increase, fresh cases constantly reported to the police, Mr. Joe Walker, of St. Kilda, alludes to tbe Hon. Geo. Turner as the coming Premier. The publio are requested to read tbe local councils notices on ' How to Avoid Typhoid.' Arrangements complete for tbe Prahran Tradesmen's excursion to take place next Wednesday. A ball is to be beid shortly in aid of the funds of the Prahran, Toorak and Souih Yarra Creche. Messrs. O'Donnell, Blashki and Oonni bere, J's.P., adjudicated at the St. Kilda court on Tuesday. Naval aud Military tattoo and sham fight to-night at tbe Exhibition buildings in aid of charities. Mr. J. L. Mensies delivered an address on 'Bi-metallism' at Brighton Town-hall on Wednesday night. A good Mason— in fact, a regular bride, is Bro. H. Stokesberry, the new W.M. of the Balaclava Lodge. Hawthorn is otJy just beginning to find' oat that their 1 .Wecunld have told them of it ^.^4- ^ ?. Tho p^;joir^«t^«^t.'^dajpicnio prize distrit^ V r* ^ lent by Cr. Miller, with his usoatv» riity. H. M. Jon fcstor^ £o. v. Field Barrett, sUli on the books at Prahran— ad- journed for an* p 14 days. The Ber. Can^n Perks, Anglican, and the Bev. J. C. Symons, Wesleyan, dead. Two noted churchmen gone. Miss Nellie Stewart donates £10 to the Australian and Mnsioal Association, the funds of which are very low. Mr. R. J. Gyton will probably aspire to mnnicipsl honors at Malvem in the event of tbe retirement of Cr. Evans. Arthur Blade was sentenced to two yean by the St. Kilda bench yesterday for having housebreaking tools io his possession. The foundation stone of a Chinese Mission Home in Little Bourke-street was laid by the Bishop of Melbourne on Tuesday. Mercantile Bank persecutions begin again on Monday— let's see, we forget if this is tbe ninth or the 109th edition. Another attractive addition will be made to Oar Gallery of Portraits next Saturday, thus swelling the total number to 316. Town-clerk Browne says that there are not half so many empty houses in St. Kilda now as there were six months ago. After a highly successful run, the sensa tional drama ' First Class ' will give way to 'After Datk' at the Alexandra to-night. fievolting case at St. Kilda court on Thursday — ' three men and a woman u Bent np ' for a week for gross acts of indecency. ' Gold raised this colony at first, and it is from gold tbat the resurrection will come from the depression,' says Treasurer Carter. Cr. Oonnibere wants to know when the proposed action by the St, Kilda cooncil against the nightsoil contraolors is coming off. There are about 6,000,000 leaves npon an elm tree thirty feet high — if yon don't believe it, check the calonlation for your self. The presiding magistrates at tbe Prahran court, on Thursday were Messrs. W. Davies, (chairman), Lane, Fuller, and Cburch, J*s.P. t Town-clerk Hinde has the Secretarial duties in hand in connection with the mayor's oharity festival to take plaoeon the 16th March — which means a successful result Mayor Jacoby again had to rebuke the audienoe whioh assembled in the council chamber on Monday evening— too mnoh levity. W. J. Turner is running a moonlight concert to*night downs the bey in the ?' Hygeia.' The steamer will call at St Kilda. ^ r ' A Chinese eoooeit -given at tbe South St. Kilda Baptist Cburoh, on Thurs day evening to tbe delight of a large audience; ~ Edwin fiollingwoith, bricklayer, of South Yarra, is insolvent with liabilities, £73 lis.. 6d., assetv lOe-, deficiency, £73 4s. 6di ! ' Whole going to carry o& onr trophy offered, for the oldest auffrfed couple, red dents of, Pfrhran, present %t the trades picnic Hekt week t -? Mr. Patrick Beid, tbe. new manager of. the National B*pk at Prahran* has assumed command, Mr. John Colhoun having re*, lieved bitn at Blohmond. There was a full house at the St kilda council on Monday night. Tbe audience expttted some fun over Osberg's dancing hall case, and they got it i - John Henry Yates, oivil servant of Hope-street Sonth Yarn, has filed his schedule with -debts, £74: is.^ Sd., assets, £10, deficiency', £64 5d. ( - Collecting marine stores without licenses fndpd in the Prahran bench sending two men named William Muirhesd and Henry Pearse to goal for seven days. ; Mr. P. K. McCaughan, he of the Bialto and Olderfieet, was preseot at Monday night's sitting of the St Kiida council as a guest of the mayor and councillors. Cr. £dgeiton, of Hawthorn, thinks of 'infusing some life into the gas con ference.' Next he'll be trying to resurrect the dead in the Borooudara cemetery. M-.Jumu# McMahon has purchased the Australian rights of the comic opera ?' Morocco Bound,' and has engaged Mr, ' Billy ' KUon for an Australian tour. Miss Florrie Knox, who sang at the 8t. Kilda picnio distribution on Wednesday night is a coming Melba. We expect to hear great things of this young lady, who is a pupil of Mrs. Annie Kirk, of Bobe street, St. Hilda. Theatre Boyal opens on Saturday week with a drama ' The Golden Giant,' Miss Maggie Moore, of course, being the centre of attraction. We wish tbe venture success. The Bev. Canon Perkp, wbo has held the incumbency of 6t, Stephen's Church, Richmond, for tbe past forty-two years, died on Tuesday last at the age of seventy. Tbe partnership of Webb and Cruden, butchers, of Chapcl- Btreet, Prahran, aud other suburbs has been dissolved, and the business will be carried on by the senior partner. We have been asked to mention that all the performers'St tbe St. Kilda picnic prize distribution gave 'their service's gratis— even Joe Walkers' figures performed 'on tbe nod.' Archdeacon Green, of Ballarat, who occupied the iocumbenoy of St. Martin's Church, Hawksburn, for a short time, has been elected biBhop of Grafton and Armi* dale, N.S.W. The only civil case dealt with by tbe St. Kilda bench on Tuesday was that of G. Hurley v. Alfred M. Burgoyne, £3 Is. 4d., in which a verdict was given for the plain tiff, with costs, An announcement from tbe Age : MAN, young, metal, able to milk, sleep on premises, Joe, Chosan -street, tit. Kilda. Wonder how a night watchman's billet would Bait him ? The will of the late Mr. Robert F. Barnes, of Hawksbnrn-road Hawksburn, who died in December last, has been proved, the estate which is all personal, being valued at £4,443. Tbe result of tbe efforts of tbe ' Cadgers Brigade ' is to be 6een in Messrs. S. Nathan and Co's. shop windows, where the tradesmen's .picnic prizes 41 cadged ' by the 41 brigade ' are on view. Mr. G. M. Prendergast writes to tbe St. Kilda council for information on the minimum rate of wages question. If he bad waited for two days be would have seen all about it in this paper. John Osberg, the proprietor of the alleged rowdy dancing ball in Balston- strset, stated in broken English tbat be kept a laundry in the day time, and the hall at nigbt. Talk about foreign enterprise 1 In the Hawthorn council it was stated that 4-the lighting in some parts was quite intolerable, and many people were revert ing to the old system of kerosene lighting in their homes.' Same here. 41 Sherwood's Queen ' will be the Toorak Musicial Society's next attraction. The cantata is in aotive rehearsal nnder tbe baton of Mr. G. G. Jordan and it will be presented at an early data Commissioner Styles protests against the action of the board of works in sanctioning the conduct of the engineer-in-chief in re the James Moore contract episode. So does Cr. John Turner, of Prahran. . Mr.' ffobn Colhoun, late manager of tbe ^Prahran branch of the National Baok, to be are welled ' in the mayor's Zoom next Voeedey «t 9.90 p,ui;, b'j ctie mayor and a number of representative citizens. Albert Brummage, for annexing and con verting to his own use a set of harness valued at £2, tbe property of Mr. G. Naukivell, of Balaolava, will be an inmate of Pentridge for the next three months. Thanks to tbe vigilance of the local police three bicyolists named John Brown, David Munta, and Samuel Stanley, were brought before the Prahran court on Thursday and fined 12s. 6d. each, for riding without lights. Mr. George Copptn is said to have netted a clear £2,000 by the recent Boyal panto mime—thanks to Maggie Moore and the Press (we mean the newspaper press and tbepreuure on the Boyal space by the public.) At tbe Masonic installation ceremonies at Balaclava on Tuesday evening last the toast of tbe Worshipful Grand Master was drunk in solemn silence owing to the death of Mr. Clive Clarke, son of Sir William J. Clarke. Bobert Beeby, of Foster- street, St Kilda, storeman at Edward Keep and Co's, warehouse, Melbourne, sentenced to three months hard labor in Castlemaine gaol for stealing an ingot of tin from his employers. Treasurer Carter, referring to the depres sion and our national debt, says he woald undertake to go to London by tbe next steamer and sell the railways for enough money to pay the whole of the colony's indebtedness. Mayor Davies i6 promoting a moonlight charity festival to take place at the Prah ran Victoria Gardens on the loth prox. He has enlisted the co-operation of a large and influential body of citizens and a big suc cess is assured. Judge Casey has quashed the conviction by tbe Prahran justices of Reginald Bosisto for obtaining money from James Brodie, by false representations. His Honor did not think there was any criminal intent on the part of Bosisto. St Matthew's C.C. start a two days' match at Albert Park thisafternoon against the Windsor. The former's team will be represented by Coney (2), Lennie, Lardner, Barton, Newing (2), Holmes, Borne, Watlrins, Bacbous and Martin. The Bev. Alfred Jolly, formerly of 6t Kildat has resigned the pastorate of the Wesleyan Church at Eagtehawk, owing to unfortunate financial reverses. Mr. Jolly was greatly esteemed in this district, and his many friends will regret to hear of his trouble. ! ' It is an open secret tbat an impression 1 exists in local military circles that there | vtfll be an outbreak of war in Europe in the epring.' Thus the Melbourne Age. Bnt when during the last twenty years did not the Age prophesy war in ''the , early spring/' . j A witness in a case at the Prahran court ! on Thursday applied for his expenses | which amounted to just 2s. sterling and the : bench allowed -it with a smile. The plea set np by the applicant was that he was a married man and could not afford to lose time. He was in a bank. | Not a solitary criminal case at the Prah ran court on Monday* ? one or two paltry debt cases being the whole of the business dealt witbt The police and the lawbreak ers have evidently pot their beads together so as. to ensure our worthy chairman getting mpair of white-kid gloves. Tbe anniversary of the East Prahran Bible Christian Sanday»ecbool will be cele brated on Sunday- 4th March, a special attraction being theslnging of the children. The customary tea meeting indulgences will follow on the ensuing Tuesday, when the school prises will be distributed. : ; Bro. John £Ho}c, P.G.D.C., superintended 'the ' Soowp Sftrt ' bnnnese at the' Masonic banquet on Tuesday evening last By the way, St Kilda' may legitimately boast of being in the Jesdi** present in regard to Freemasonry: but tbey have to go to Prahran for-their Soofoh fiicr, anyhow. Mr. A. Campbell will delivcralectureon the Single Tax questiou on Monday even ing next at the Armadale Primitive Meth odist Church. Messrs. S.Nathan aud Co. of 803 Chapel street, Prahran, desire it to be known that tbeir warehouse will lie closed ou Widnes- j day near, whoever keeps open. Dr. Abe j Nathan is too true a fiicnri --[ t lie I'mhruu | Tradesmen's Ciui- iu tscl a lia-l example to | his fellow tradesmen in respect to llie due I observance of the pictiic bolid:i-*. ' The alleged case of assault on the Si. Kilda railway line has left us in doubt as to whether it is .safer for an unprotected female to travel iu a railway carriage with a strange man, or for an unprotected man . to similarly travel with a strange female.; For onr part, we nre going to ride a bicycle, until the question is solved. A circus recently visited a country town ship, tbe principal attraction being a terrier dog advertised to play brilliantly on tbe piano. When tbe time came and tbe animal was going through tbe performance a wag (not tbe dog'6) called out -( Bats I ' which caused the dog to desert bis post. But tbe funny part came in as the piano kept on playing. An 'Old (subscriber since 1854' (good old gag) writes to tbe Melbourne Argus offering to present to the Premier, for a consideration, of coarse, a notion whereby tbe railway department could effect a saving of £38,000 a year. We cummend this self-sacrificing individual to the notice of the Young Victorian Patriotic League when in search of a president General meetings were held and closed in the Court of Insolvency on Monday in estates of Francis G. Edwards, railway employe, Elsternwick ; John B. Cox, accountant, Toorak; and John H. Schmidt, railway employe, Armad&le.; In tbe estate of Vanstone and Collings, contractor?, of Prahran, proofs of debts to tbe amount of £140 3s. were filed, and Mr. J. G. Mitchell, appointed trustee. Having discovered the oldest married conple at St. Kilda in connection with the St. Kilda Tradesmen's recent mnrine excur sion, we are determined to unearth tbe oldest married couple at Prahrao, and are offering a valuable trophy accordingly. (Competitors are bound down by inexorable rales. Tbey mast be present at the Prah ran Trades picnic next Wednesday ; tbey 1 must hot seek Kinsman's assistance aud 41 pair off ' for the occasion ; and they must produce their marriage lioes. | 