EVERY INCH A SOLDIER. BY JOHN STRANGE WINTER, CHAPTER XXXIV.— (Continued.) Sho didn't know how she got through the rest of the play, but there John Sylvester sat, glaring at her furiously, following her every movement with the eye of a hawk and the stealth of a cat, anu time niter time her eyes crept round to his, as the needle creeps towards the magnet. Oh, what a night it was! She literally stag gered into the arms of the clever actor who was playing the lead when she made one of her exits and ran up against the wing breathless and panting. "What is the matter. Miss Vere?" he asked. "Don't you feel well?" "Oh, no!" "Can I get you anything? Shall I send for some water for you?" "No. You are very good. It Is no thing." "Why, you look as if you had seen a ghost." "I have seen worse than a ghost," said Katey. "Somebody in front?" "Yes." "What sort of a somebody? A man?" "Yes," said Katey, shuddering. "Oh, well, you know, he can't come round here." "No, but be is — I am afraid of him." She looked up piteously at the tall actor, who, with the kindly familiarity of his profession, patted her on tlie elbow, and reminded her that strangers could never come behind, that she bad only to get Into a cab to be safely out of the road. "You are sure you are all right," he said, hurriedly, "because I am on in an other instant." Then turned from her and passed on to the stage. Katey had not to change her dress, but It was the invariable custom of all to go back to their dressingrooms and just touch up themselves a little, so as to keep fresh and trim to the end of the performance. Katey went to her room, which she shared with another girl, quite mechanically, and walked straight to tlie large looking-glass. Her heart was still beating painfully, and her death-like pallor was visible even under her rouge and powder. She had only one hope— that ho might not know the locality of the stage door; that she might, as she was free a little before the piece was at an end, change quickly and slip away before lie could catch her. Then she had to go back on the stage again, to move and speak and play her unimportant part through the changeless glare of those ter rible eyes. If John Sylvester had suddenly levelled a revolver at her she would not have been the least surprised; far from It in fact. But he did nothing qf that kind; as a matter of fact, be had come up to town with the restlessness of a disap pointed heart, and had dropped into the Cornhill Theatre, and had taken the only vacant seat In the house by pure accident. He had recognised Katey just as Jill and Miss Jack hail done, and so engrossed was he with the dainty little figure in cap and apron flitting about hither and thither on the stage, that he never gave a thought to the rest of the great audience, never realised that Jervis was sitting just behind him, that Jervis bad seen bis start of re cognition, and was watching him as closely as he was watching Katey. lie was not conscious that wheu he had realised that Katey's part In the play was over— upon which he immediately got up and went out of the theatre— that anyone was following him; but Jervis, who bad no opinion of John Sylvester's notion of chivalry, was de termined, at all risks, tn keep au eye on him; so he turned up the collar of his In verness and puiled his hat low down over his eyebrows, and quietly shadowed him until he had left the theatre. He was near enough to overhear him asking where the stage door was to be found, and to keep him in sight while he prowled up and down the dark, narrow street upon which it opened. It is a good way round from tho front of the Cornhill Theatre to tlie stage door, which gives up a small and very quiet street, little more than a lane. Jervis kept in the shadow of a doorway, and watched John Sylvester- anxiously prowling up and down. What a long time it seemed; and the night was so dark! You could hear footsteps at the other end of the quiet street; and when at. last she came, he could plainly, from his place of shelter, hear John Sylvester say, "Have I found you at last? Is It you, Katey?" Tliey were not then, indeed, more than a couple of houses from him, but be saw Katey shrink up against the wall, and heard hsr say, "Who told you where I was? I have nothing to say to you. Don't attempt to interfere with me." "To interfere with you!" Sylvester re peated; "I — I. who liave sought you day and night, who have mourned you, loved you! And tbis is all you have to say to me. You shall bear me. I swear to you that you shall lovo n?e." "Never!" she flashed out at him. "Yes! I say yes! Katey!" in a softer voice. "Has my love, my faithfulness, won nothing from you?" "Nothing!" she cried, "I loathe you! Your lovo is an insult, your faithfulness is an impudence, I will have none of you — nono of you." "And that other one " ho began. "No, you liave nothing to do with that other one. He is nothing to you nor to me. If ho were anything to me it would be no business of jours, but I will not have his name brought into this discussion. I would never have looked at you under any circum stances, you have made me hate you too thoroughly. Why need you force me to toll you all this once more? I have said it to you over and over again. It is perfectly useless for you to waste another moment on "But I swear I will," he rejoined. "I have sworn that my wife you shall be, and I mean to keep my word. Katey, don't tempt 1110 any further, don't try mo too much. Take mo, nnd I shall be us clay in your hands — as wax; spurn mo, and I may become even your — murderer!" He advanced a step or two towards her, and Katey made a rush to gain the busier end of the street. Just at the doorway, however, Sylvester caught her, and in his huge grasp sho was as powerless as a kit ten in the mouth of a bulldog. "No, no, don't do it!" she cried in tone:? of horror, which would have put perhaps any other man in tho world completely out of conceit with her. "If you dare to kiss mo I will kill myself!" But John Sylvester was gone beyond daring. Ho encircled her with one arm, aiul with his free hand forced her face up wards towards Ills own, and then — some thing happened, for a hand closed like a vice of iron upon the back of his neck, and the next moment he found himself flung violently into the gutter. "Lie there, you coward!" said a voice that, lie knew but loo well, "You pestilen tial hound! Keep your loathly kisses for women that want them. Miss Vincent, let me- see you safe out of the reach of this amiable relative of yours. Fray don't trem ble so; really he isn't worth it. I happened to be in the theatre, and I saw him recog nise you. I knew lie would try to catch you here, and so I followed him, feeling that you would be none the worse for my presence. I know your address, you are much too unnerved to go hume by train, do let mo drive you home. You see I have not forced myself upon you, and if you will lot mo see you safe Into your own house I promise you I will not even speak to you on the way." Now Katey, ns a matter of fact, was trembling so violently that argument, and even tho legitimate use of her legs were both alike out of tho question. She clung to him with both hands, her teeth chatter ing with fear, her legs shaking under her, her hands trombling, and her eyes almost starting from her head with fright. "Oh, take mo home," sho whispered be tween chattering teeth, "take me home, I »am so frightened." So Jervis supported her to tlio corner of the street, and chartered the sniartost- looking cab that lie could see, helped her in, and got in after her. "Would you like the glass down?" he asked. "No." she replied, still breathless with the excitement through which she had Just gone. Apparently she was minded to keen him to his word, for she sat back in her cur lier, not speaking, not moving, except tho trembling of her limbs. Aiul Jowls sat in his soldierly, upright, calm, to all outward .appearance, that is, nor did he once open his lips until they were passing Knights- bridge Barracks. "Aro you colli? Are you cure von wouldn't like the window down?" he asked, as lie might have asked his maiden aunt or tlie daughter of bis Colonel, or any body with whom ho was on polite but dis tant terms, "Just as you like," she replied. "I am not at all cold." You are, of course, thoroughly upset and frightened; but I am only anxious tiiat you should not take a cold. Wo have a long way yet to go, you know." "I like it up," sho replied. Then they relapsed into silence once more, until they had got a little way be yond High-street Station. She looked at him once or twice, at first furtively, then with an imploring expression, which, a:? he was looking straight ahead, he did not sec. Once she half put out her hand, aiul then she said, in a very meek voice, "I am really very much obliged to you." "Not at all," said ho politely. "I am only too glad that I was able to be of any use to you. That fellow is really quite a ; dangerous sort of person. I think he ought to be put In a lunatic asylum myself. I am afraid it will be rather annoying for you if he chances to wait on other nights. Of course, It war, lucky that I happened to be there, but I have only three days moro leave, and really, I think it would be best , if jou were to speak to the police about "Yes," she replied; and thea they re lapsed into silence again. On they went, down the broad Hammer smith-road, past tlie great glided gates at Holland Park, on between the twinkling rows of lights, still in that polite and dreadful silence. At last Katey could stand it no longer. "Phil," she said, in a very" small voice, "aren't you even going to speak to me?" Well, need I write any further? 1 don't think so. That one little simple question, asked in that tono of pathetic misery) was quite enough for a man like Jervis) Ho no longer leant his arms upon the door of the cab, staring out into the gas-lit night; oh, 110, for in a moment all the past was blotted cut, all the future became as sured, a.-l the present was turned into Paradise, and vet be only uttered ono word — ' 'Katey. ' ' (The End.) 