THE NOVELIST. [COPYRIGHT.] TALMUD; A Strange Narrative of Central Australia. FOUNDED ON NATURAL FACTS, CHAPTER XXI.—(CONTINUED.) IVAN DEXTER. "The two blacks did not remain long. After the chief had gloated over me and roughly turned me about to see that I had not tampered with the fetters, they went back as they had come, holding their torches above their heads. "Hour after hour I lay in that agonized state, and at length my numbed faculties were tardily aroused by what must have been a tremendous noise, but which fell upon my torpid ears as a mere whisper. "The sense of hearing had almost failed me, and even that of sight was fast leaving, yet the latter was the stronger of the two and I could see amidst the glare cast by twenty torches a band of sable executioners coming up the queer passage in which I lay. They were followed at a short distance by the youths of the tribe, between fifteen and twenty, and further back came a number of females. Of course I need scarcely tell you that amongst the cannibal aboriginals of Australia the women are never permitted to eat of the human feast, but they are always invited to the killing of the victim, except when the latter is done on the field of battle. As I saw the crowd coming along all this rose before my mind in a most vivid manner, and I concluded that the end of my sufferings was approaching. "I had often heard it said that just before death the faculties are extraordinarily active and clear, and from that morning I believe it. Almost comatose as I was, the knowledge rose before me that I was about to die, and, as far as I can now judge, it did not cause me any terror or regret. "Woosai led the savage band, and I saw as they approached that they had smeared themselves with warpaint in the shape of clay. None of the warriors carried spears, but each of them brandished a formidable nulla, and somehow I thought it was a matter of perfect indifference to me whether they clubbed or speared me to death. No doubt I was losing the sense of physical feeling and that must have deadened the mental faculties. The men ranged themselves in line as well as the limited space of the place would allow, and next them came the youths who had not yet been admitted to the privileges of full manhood. Further back than the latter the women were drawn up in an Amazonian phalanx. "Standing close to me—the proposed victim—Woosai began to talk and gesticulate in a loud and violent fashion. I knew nothing of what he said or meant, and perhaps it was as well I did not. It might have been that the white man had done him or his tribe some irreparable injury and he was seeking in his own way and according to his lights to avenge the wrong. At the same time I was not conscious of having ever injured him, or even any aboriginal of the continent, and my heart was filled with undying vengeance against him— a vengeance that blood alone could quench." "And you settled the score in that fashion, did you not?" asked Strangway. "Yes; ten years later I avenged the torture the chief inflicted on me, and after that I felt that a horrible memory had been swept away for ever from my brain," continued O'Malley. "After a long harangue the chief walked round my prostrate form flourishing his club, and he was followed by those next him in rank or honor. A kind of hoarse rythmical chant was meanwhile kept up not unlike the accompaniment to an ordinary corroboree, and each moment I expected the fatal blow to fall. I was kept in this fearful suspense for what must have been fully an hour; but at last the action of the chief convinced me that my end had come. "He advanced towards me with his nulla raised on high as if to strike—and I am quite certain that was his object —but an extraordinary thing now happened. I was lying quite resigned to my fate, for pain had numbed my feelings, when an awful cry from the females, who were looking up the cavern or tunnel whilst the males had their backs to it and were facing the entrance, made all pause. "From my position I could see the gins pointing back, and as the men turned they looked for a moment and then made a wild rush for the entrance. They sprang over me like antelopes, and in a few moments the cavern was quite empty. "The chief, Woosai, was partly carried out, but he soon recovered himself, and, with a guttural cry, I saw him running back apparently to despatch me. During this time I could not understand the cause of the sudden flight and was amazed at it. Woosai was not more than twenty feet from me, when from out the solid rock it seemed to me stepped the strangest figure I had ever seen. "The contrast to the sable chief was of the most startling character. A tall, thin man clad in whitish robes and with a face even whiter still stood beside me. In the semi-darkness his eyes gleamed like rubies, and the whole aspect was supernatural. The ghosts of our imagination were repeated in the figure, and as I looked for a moment on the apparition I closed my eyes and mercifully became unconscious." Whilst O'Malley was talking Stanley and Strangway exchanged meaning glances, and the former at length said: "Do you remember what we saw in the cavern, Strangway? There must be some connection, I should say, between O'Malley's saviour and that extraordinary being." "Remember!" repeated Strangway. "Yes, as long as I live; it is burned into my memory." "What are you talking about, lads?" asked Mills. "A strange adventure we had in those same ranges our friend is telling us about. We did not mention it to you before because we could not quite understand it; in fact, we could not make it out at all and preferred to be silent about it as probably it was only mere imagination on our part," responded Stanley. "It was no imagination, as you will learn," continued O'Malley. "How long I remained in that swoon I never knew, but it must have been a long time and the period was an utter blank to me. When I recovered I was conscious that an extraordinary change had taken place in my condition. "At first in the weakness of my state I thought I must be in that other world beyond the grave of which we know so little, but from which there is no return." "You were not there, it is quite certain ?" interjected the squatter. "No; but I was in a world almost— if not quite— as strange to us as the unseen spheres of spirits, and since that awakening I have been disposed to fully believe the saying, that there are more things in heaven and earth than is dreamt of in our philosophy. I have proved that the secrets of the earth at least are sealed to humanity in numerous ways. "The light which surrounded me first attracted attention. It was not sunlight or moonlight I knew, but I could not define it; it was soft and balmy and filled me with a sense of profound calm. I next found, with something of wonder and gratitude, that the fearful pain which had previously afflicted me had disappeared. I involuntarily raised my hand to my shoulder to feel if the broken spear was there, but found, to my infinite relief, that it was not, but in its place was a soft bandage. Then as my senses fully awoke I began to narrowly scan the surroundings. The couch I was lying on felt remarkably comfortable, and I noticed that it was as soft and springy as an air-bed. I could not examine it at the time, but later on I did so and was surprised at the ingenuity with which it was constructed. "Glancing round, the size of the chamber next demanded attention. It seemed to be limitless and looked as though I was lying in the open air, yet I well knew it was not so. I could see translucent beams and sheets of soft radiance in every direction, and the roof of the chamber appeared to reach the sky. I afterwards found out this was only an optical illusion but one that had a material object in view and rendered immense service to those who carried it out. My eyes quickly be- came accustomed to the strange light, then I noticed that I was the only occupant of the vast chamber. "I might as well here explain that the place was not by any means vast but only made to appear so, and though simply done the effect both material and aesthetic was excellent. "When I began to recover I saw that the place was really an oval cavern not more than forty feet in its longest measurement. The roof was about the same height, but, I can assure you, that a person lying on his back on a plain and looking up at the vault of heaven would not believe the latter to be larger than I did the chamber in which I awoke to consciousness. With little effort—a fact that surprised me even then—I got up on my elbow and peered around. "The place was absolutely tenantless save by myself and I marvelled at it. My wounds felt as though almost healed and then it occurred to me that I must have been weeks in the unconscious state. I well knew that unless I was under the spell of some magician, or in the hands of a wonderful scientist skilled in the use of drowsy herbs, such nepenthe could not have come to me." "And may I ask you," interrupted Mills, "if you had been in an unconscious state for long? Did you ever find that out?" "Yes. Later on I discovered that I was nearly six weeks in a trance, or rather it could not be called a trance condition; for though my brain was asleep my bodily functions continued —and, in fact, when my mental and nervous faculties awoke I was almost cured of my terrible injuries." "That is a most extraordinary thing," the squatter again said. "Yet it is absolutely true, as you will hear," continued O'Malley. "After looking round the chamber for some minutes, I lay back on my couch and began to think the matter over. The only recollection I had of past events was the attack made by blacks on Stuart's camp and my capture and subsequent agonies. I could remember the influx of natives into the cavern where I lay and the strange antics they carried on, but no further could I get. The hideous form of Woosai was ever before my eyes, but as I continued to think the matter out memory began to weave the thread of circumstances, and at last like a flash of lightning the storehouse of my mind was illumined with the figure of the strange white man. "I turned my head in alarm at the thought and beside me stood the extraordinary being whom I had before seen in the black cavern. As I gazed at him I made an effort to speak, but he made a gesture of silence and suddenly left me." CHAPTER XXII. THE BURIED SEA. "As one mentally and physically paralyzed I watched the slowly retreating figure of the white apparition, for so far I could not quite comprehend that my visitor was a being of this world. The whole thing seemed so unreal that my doubts were scarcely to be wondered at, you will say. Waking from the long trance in which I had lain in a place such as my eyes had never before rested on and amidst surroundings appearing to me weird and unnatural, perplexity and wonderment were what might be expected. I saw the figure as it got farther away accelerate its pace, until in a few moments it appeared to almost fly across the seeming vast chamber, and then with a sharp turn to the right I lost sight of it. "A few moments after two figures entered the place and came swiftly towards me. Of course it was the optical illusion of great distance which made the movements of my visitors appear so rapid. I soon discovered that their usual gait was slow and solemn. "The second visitor was different from the first inasmuch as a long white beard depended from the chin, whilst the face of the first was quite bare. The garb, too, of the newcomer seemed to my unaccustomed eyes of richer material, though it was of the same style as his companions. "On reaching my couch I was reas- sured by the kindly look which the two beings bestowed on me. There at least was no indication of cannibal- ism. The ghostly pallor of the faces was to me strangely impressive, whilst the eyes—more ruby than pink in color —considerably heightened the effect. "Regarding me for a few moments, the second visitant took from his companion a small brazier-shaped vessel containing what I took to be white colored herbs, and by some means, which I did not detect at the time, ignited them. "Swinging the vessel over the couch a smell not much unlike hysop stole upon my senses and I felt a delicious languor fall upon me. Gradually the figures standing by the couch became more and more indistinct, until at last they seemed to melt away in a white haze, and I remember no more. "When I again came to my senses I felt stronger and my faculties were on the alert. As before I was alone, but the chamber was now somewhat familiar to me and I began to discern that it was something like a cavern or an oval room so arranged with mirrors that it extended into infinity. I sat up on the side of the couch which I found was set upon legs and sides of white rock. With an effort I tried to stand, but was so giddy that I was fain to seek the aid of the couch. Then I noticed that the clothing I wore when taken from Stuart's camp was gone and garments somewhat similar to those I had seen on the two mysterious visitants replaced them. They were not so loose nor quite so ample, but were soft and pleasant I noticed that they appeared to be knitted or woven, and very skil- fully so. "I felt for the wound on my shoulder but it was almost healed, and though I pressed it hard could not feel any pain. This was, indeed, a marvellous transformation, and I sought to think what had happened. In vain I racked my brain. No theory I could advance or build up would account satisfactorily for my position. But a day or two previously as I thought Stuart's camp had been attacked and I wounded al- most unto death and carried off a prisoner by cannibal blacks. "The fearful journey to the side of the strange river where the waterfall was, rose in my mind, and then the scene in the cavern with the natives dancing and gesticulating around me were conjured up. I remember the flight of the blacks and the appearance of the white apparition and also my awakening. But what did it all mean? "Common sense told me, through my wound being almost healed, that unless a miracle had happened the night attack on the camp must have oc- curred a month or more previously. Yet, what caused the blank in memory during that period? "There were no famous hospitals or physicians in Central Australia to work such a transformation. Perhaps, I re- flected, Stuart may have rescued me from the aboriginals and conveyed me south, but the absurdity of the supposition at once struck me. Such a tre- mendous journey could not have been made without my knowledge, and, moreover I knew what a British hos- pital was like. "The mysterious place I was now in did not bear the remotest resemblance to such an institution, and neither did the queer attendants. Perhaps it was a phantom hospital with ghostly nurses and doctors that I was an inmate of. I actually pinched myself as this thought flitted through my mind to see if I were living or dead, but soon concluded that I was very much alive. "After sitting in an upright position trying to think out the problem of my whereabouts for more than half-an- hour, the giddiness which at first afflicted me through being so long re- cumbent partly passed away. When I stood up the second time I could keep my feet, and as I made a few steps away from the couch the sensation of walking was quite a novel one. I made towards the apparently far-distant wall of the chamber, but as I went forward slowly it seemed to approach me rapidly. At first this was bewildering, but I soon grew accustomed to it "It was with no little surprise I found after taking a dozen steps that I had reached the wall of the chamber. A short examination convinced me it was formed of polished stone and arranged in peculiar convex surfaces. The stone —or rather the main rock—was, I should say, granite, but it was veneered over in a remarkable manner with thin flakes of crystal. "I was trying to fix my attention on it to distinguish whether it was natural or artificial in formation, when a reflec- tion caught my eyes and turning I beheld the two beings approaching. "They reached the couch as I turned and stood there apparently waiting for me to return to it. Something in their mien, or mayhap a peculiar attraction, drew me back and slowly I went towards the spot and sat down on the side of the bed.—(TO BE CONTINUED.) T 17 