SIFTINGS. To adopt a commercial phrase, the "spook." market is in a disturbed condition, and strange to say the success of a Sydney conjuror in evoking spooks to order is depressing it still further. If this'goes on much longer there will be over-pro duction in spirits-not the dutiable kind, kept in bottles and demijohns, but the other sort in gauze pyjamas-with the usual result of stagnation in the business. This will be bad for mediums, who, it appears, are able to make a good thing financially out of seances, and are fully capable of demon strating that a familiarity with the ghosts of the departed in no wise damps the earthly desire to look after the main chance. The least satisfactory feature about the ghosts which honour spiritualistic seances with their presence is the exceedingly frivolous spirit which they generally display. One would imagine that a departed human being who had learned the great secret and had passed belhind the veil would have something better to comsmuni cato than the meagre scraps of intellectual rubbish he genserlly does impart. One alleged spirit which has been materialising before Sydney audicnces had a penchant for chewing chocolates, and the extent of another's occult powers seemed to be to utter a few commonplace words in the Scotch dialect. Others are capable of opening a shut door, or shut ting an open one, but apparently of nothing else. A good gust of wind has the same power. Others do nothing but present a dim outline in a badly lighted room; and this seems to be the stock-in trade of most of the professional mediums. We are not amongst those who refuse to believe that there may be something in occultism. We men Imow but an infinitely small portion of the knowable as yet, and the whole air may, for aught we know, be .palpitant with invisible but higldly intellectual beings': but we fancy that if a mans were once afforded a glimpse behind the dark curtains which shut is in and saw the mysteries of the hereafter he would scarcely turn his knowledge into a money making venture. The things of this life, the ambitions, the sorrows, the fears, the passions, would dwindle and pale before the light. of that mysterious transcendent knowledge. When a medium charges a guinea or upwards for admission to a seance during wlhich all that occurs is that something said to be a spirit chews as lolly or flips a napkin in the air we reserve to ourselves the right to doubt whether the spirits could not be better engaged'in staying at home, or whether the medium and his spiritual friends are not one and the same and quite up to modern business methods. Between members who approach the difficult task of effecting retrenchment in the Civil Service in much the same way as a bull tackles a gate, and those who. are determined that no salaries shall be touched, the interests of the public will assuredly suffer. The fight for retrenchment has ended in a melancholy fizzle, the result of all the talk so far being a saving of something under £100 a year. S"We cail understand the stand taken by those who 'contend that the House is not qualified for the "delicate work of fixing salaries inasmuch as members do not know what a man's duties are ond what lihe is worth, but it is a point of view with which we are not in sympathy. Something must certainly be done, and in these times, no matter how capable a 'man might be, no injustice would be done by a reduction of ten per cent. in incomes of four and five hundred pounds and over. Two facts should be considered by members. The first is that the colony is in a bad position financially, and must, like a business man in a similar predicament, reduce its expenses. The second is that what with the fall in prices, the reduction in house rent, and the I cheapness of labour many civil servants are actually in a better position now than they were some years ago. In other words, the purchasingpower of their salary has increased-to what extent we could not say, but probably five or ten per cent., if not more, so that if their salaries were reduced they would be quite as well off as they were a few years ago. While, a great deal of sympathy is expressed by some for those who have " to eat the Iitter bread of government,'" but little attention is paid by them to the condition of the people of the colony. Wages have fallen in nearly every industry, and thousands are out of work and have been so for some time. Starvation has come face to face with many families, and the outlook is one of the wdret.' W'ould it not be right under such circumstances -to reduce the big-salaried members of the service and devote the money so saved to carrying out some reproductive avorks which would slightly alleviate the existing' distress or to reducing the taxation which has to be bornet, At election times there is always a great deal of-talk about retrenchment, but when the Estimates are under consideration the result is infinitesimally small. (The above was written before the Lands Estimates were considered.) Thereo i trouble in political labour circles in Eng land.' 'An English paper records that the Inde ,pendent Labour Party has seen fit to publish a "disgraceful cartoon in its journal, representing Lord Bosebery lading MIr. Burns and Mr. Piekard by the nose, while Mr. Burns is rehching out a hand to pick up the gold which the Premier is 'scattering. Jealousy of the man who comes to the ,front is as common in the old country as here and as disastrous in its results. As soon as a labbur re-' presoentative makes himself prominent hundreds who seek his place are only too eager to stretch : forth their hands and try to pull him down, making himmd butt for offensive remaarks, criticising his every little action, and abusing him violently be c;ause of his inability to accomplish impossibilities. ,The spectacle that was presented in the colony at '-the last election, when the solidarity party fought toothland nail against men who served the cause of ,labour well'in the last Parliamttent, was a humiliating one, and it will be years before its effects will have vanished. As a result of the division the House is much less democratic than it otherwise would have "been. Ienu who knew what the country wanted and the best way to get it have had to give way to retired shopkeepers and backboneless respectables -whose idea of political duty is to always vote at their party's call and never dare to thiiik for them selves at all. HIaving put back the wheels of pro grossive legislation for some years those principally' responsible for the calamity have retired into obscurity, possibly to prepare for the next election, when the old game will be revived, while the mono polists who profit by the division look on and enjoy the fun. Truly, the we'st enemies of labour are found'in its own ranks. 'The Progress Committee of Lawson are agitating to have ai clause inserted in the now Local Govern ' ment Bill which has a very direct bearing upon roads and the keepirig of them in repair. It appears that there has been this year a very heavy wool traffic" and the roads have been out up and almost ruined as roads; and the committee desire to have a compulsory clause in the coming bill for regulating the width 'of tire of waggons-waggons carryeng under four- tons to have five inch tires and those Sbuilt for heavier burdens to have six inch tires. This is not a new idea. In France, where theroads are said to be excellent, notwithstanding the enor mious traifio which, owing to the large number of agrilulturists, passes over them, theb width of wheels is not left to chance or thle caprice of private in dividuais. There is some endeavour to preserve a duo proportion hobetween the weight carried and. th i 'breadth of the wheels that carry it. In Australia one seets repeatedly a heavy load, probably ten tons or more, carried n a waggoen with very narrow tires, with the natural result that thle roadway is deeply scored and channels gut for the next rain to lodge in and soften and destroy the formation of the / 'way. In France the law whrich pioides for broad tires provents that unnecessary destruction of the or t of tile highway. The broa:d tires, llke ceflers, distribute tfe weight and consolidate rather thog cut the road. As thle highways are a public charge, constructed and maintaiined for the genieral good, a?nd not merely for owners of Ihevy wvaggons, it is 'o interference wnithll personal freedom to insist that ;big loads shall not be carried on thle public toads pa vwheels which must sink deeply into the road, but that some roasenaublo ratio between burden and tires uhsl be observed. If such a law had been in force intohe past it is not teoo muchl to say that, without hurt to anybody, there would hIave been a saving of thousands of pounds in repairs, and we should have fewer complaints after every wet spell about the impassableness of this or that routo. Of course, when the ground gets wet a wheel barely as wide as a razor strop will sink if a load of seine tonas is Splaced upon it; and if farmers and othetse could only see it there would be a great saving to them in horse energy in having suceh wheels us would safely -carry a weight .cer . ssft gro.snd writsout gouging into it toI fto depth of tlse sales. The little extra frst cost would be soon saved; and the great benefit in having the roads, as it were, freshly rolled and consolidatrd by ecery lso ssng weol or potato tesam would reduce the road vote by thousands upon thousands annually. During tle past week the behot and oppressive 'weather hes induced large numbers of boys to go bathing in the river Yarcra (Helboarne), and several caese of drowninig are rcported. On TuEasday Mr. Justice Whildeyer madle absolhei eight dereros nisi for thle dissolutisn of marrisge. A, youn a.man inamed W''illiam W'illi:smss was sentenced to a mouth's iitprisotnntut ait the Gleobe Police Court on Tuesday on s charge of having assaulted his father. At the wool sales oa Tns!dy 932t bhles were offered, and 751i6 balcs worr sold under the Ihstmmer anid privately. 'Prices lsowedri no itmpro,'ementt, but medium wools met with somowhaelt butter kdc;anld at current low srates. It has beens decided to eltip t00 or 500 live cattleo Sto London frosm Brisbiane bsy thle stesamer IsButesire on hloe return frosn Towrsvrille. A doeputtiot waied Ulpon the Governor of Vic tCriss on Tuiesdny aid presentt'rd ia petition for thel release of dIrs. Cecile Anderson, who is serving ai sentence of imprisonment for life for the murder of John Froser. Ils Excellelncy saenidho would submit the petition to his advisors. 