After the ball i Why tho favorti© (lid not win in the question very much dis cussed to-doy. Happily in that philoso phical spirit which marks tbo Australian when an issue ia positively decided. Whether ho had "anything on or not, lie will throw himself heartily enough into ths excitement over asso ciated with uncertainly and an ticipation. Tho numbers havo not been long up beforo ho is not only quiotly accepting tho inevitable, but— msatioblo being! — deliberately inquiring "What next Those things notwithstanding, on HOgreat exporting ovout as tho Cup a littlo rclrospoclive thought is not regarded as wasted. To-day, Ihoroforc, It Is " if— alas! that if— Ruonalf had nob been forced upon tho rails," " IFc Ruenalf forced upon tho rails ? " and so on. Pcoplo enjoy themselves in this way, and who is to gainsay them? Meanwhile tho Palron-isors smilo and say amongst thom- boIvcs, ' Behold how good and ploosaut is tho world wo livo in ; how especially delightful is tho Springtimo, when tho roses bloom and all nature rejoices; and, by tho way, Monday noxt is Settling Day I" Why tho favorite did not win ia a ques tion whioh people will nuswor differently. For ourselves, wo cati only answer it in ono way, Ituonalf's nil tabor was not four — that of Patron was. Last Friday's Herald showed, beyond all doubt, that four was tho psychological number, Tboro wore tboso who saw and be lieved, as wo know. Yestorday morning rcquosts by wire from provincial towns to Btato which horso was No. 4 on tbo card woro promptly attondod to by Tub Herald, and presumably tho inquirora bad " a littlo stock " in Patron whon that gallant steed " caught tho judge's oyo." Why had No. 4 all tho virtuo ? That was discovered by tho ingenuity of a Herald correspondent. On Friday tho situation was put thus in our columns There axn four oupa to bo doolded. Paria, who won tho Caulfiold Cup, was No. 1 on tho board ; I'roiton, wbu woo tho Hoonoo Valley Gap, was No. 8 ; and Tridentato, who won tboilanbyruong Cup, was No. 9. Plsooti together thcio numbers make 189—. To eomploto the number of tho prsient year a 4 is wanted, and that uumbor abould win Ute Molbourne Cup. Nothing— not ovon a Cup dream— could bo plainer than this. Tho curious thing is that No. 4 has actually won. Lot Profossor Laurie and his brethren of the Psychical Society invostigato this I Patron's win domonstratod amongst othor things tho supromo folly of thoso cynical egotists who doclino to boliovo in tho valuo of spirits under instead of upon tho tablo. According to 'an " Ago" tele- gram, Mr O Sullivan, M.L.A., of Sydney, iu company with fivo or six otliors, hold a sdanco for tho oxprcss purpoBO of finding out in advanco tho irinnor of tho Cup. " With tho result," says tho correspondent, " that Patron was given as tho wiunor . . . four or fivo timos in succession.' What doos tho scoptio soy to this? Of courso, ho will havo Bonio spocious explanation roady— for in stance, that Patron was in Mr O'SulIi- van's mind, and that animal magnetism did tho rost. All vory flno, but hardly largo enough 1 Mr O'Sullivan witli tho spirit tip in his 'possession bohavod with tho genorosity ono might oxpcct from a man whoso namo begins with a big 0\. Ho carried tlio nows to his brother legislators. Sovornl of thoso, continues tho correspondent, woro " induced to put their monoy on tho spirit's tip and havo won sums ranging from LfiO to LCOO.' To laugh at tho spirits is easy and costs notliing. Lot thoso laugh who win. Fow of us, if wo could but command tho sorvicos of so useful n familiar spirit as Mr O'Sullivan'a, would object to koop a ghost on tho promises all tho year round I ' Tho now Treasurer is delivering a new Budget speech lato this aftornoon. Yet not so late that The HBiuLn will bo witboutiL Our Sixth Edition this even ing will, all going woll, record tho main fonturos of tho Government proposals as sot out in n spoach upon tho delivery of whioli Mr Turnor will ontor im mediately the Assembly meets, at half-past three. Thero is an im. presslon abroad that tho hoc. gontlo- man will not havo much that is now to announce. Thore aro three reasons for tills assumption. First, tho mnnlfosto to tho St. Kilda electors contained a full and frank avowal of tho Ministerial polioy, financial and othorwiso ; secondly, tho Governor's speech at the open lug of Pnrlianiont la»t wook in dicated how much of tho genornl progrnmmo is to bo attempted during the present session ; thirdly, tho Troasurcr has, apparently, been very candid in hi relations with tho prcBS, and both mom- bora of Parliament und tho people of Vic toria know protty well oven what details to expect. Yet you novor can tell what may happou. Sir James Pattor- soQ fairly gloatod over tho wcy fho Bocrot of tho " drag nob" had boon kopt. It is just barely possiblo that tho Turnor Ministry has prepared somo " swoot surprisG." Anyhow, it will ho quito worth whilo looking for tho Sixth Edition of this evening's Heuald. Tho Hovas doclino to knuclcla down to tho donumds of ihoir dovoted " fvtonda " tho Fronoh — from whoso kind offices, in deed, Uioy bog to b'o presorved. The chances now aro that thoro will bo sonto blood-lotting in Madagascar After nil. Apparently, M. Lo Myro do Vilors, tho special envoy sent to Antananarivo, was a littlo -"prorious;" us tho colloquialism is, in announcing that ho had mado matters nil right — that tiio way was propured for a compromise satisfactory to both parties. That was the ntws about a week ago. It is a different story now when, as our cables roportthis evening, tho French Chamber is being asked for a war voto of L3, 000, 000. In tboir present bellicose temper, tho doputies are likely to grant it. "The Australia of Franco" is tlio descrip tion of Madagascar gtron by ono of tho Republic's leading statesmen. Our lively neighbors plainly want that rock-bound island. But much lies between tho enter- ment of their hopo and its fulfilment. Many a gallant son of Franco will bito tho dust ere the conquuat of Madagascar becomes un fait Accompli ! The IIbrald is not much given to tho worship of official persons. It joins heartily, however, with tho man in tho stroot and Australian citizens goncrally in paying its meed of wholesome respect to Railway Commissioner Eddy. So far aa wo know, Sir Eddy is not tho possessor of a private incomo. IIo denonds upon his profession, and yot ho is able to refuse, as not good onough for hi)n,asalaryofL4000 a year ! Knowlodgo and brains, itwould bocid, count for somothing yot, oven out side tho legal or medical profession. Apparently, it is quite worth whilo being a railway expert— that is when you aro recognised as such by tho proper pooplo. Tho hon. Richard Richardson, for instance — but porhaps it woro wisor not to pursue this branch of tho subject loo far. Four thousand a year is really a bumping salary. In thoso times, too, remembering tho "apprecia tion of gold," "tho increased purchasing powor of tho pound," and other kindrod factors. It is not good enough for tho chief of tho Now South Wales railways. For tho chnnningly simple and sufficient reason that ho is going to got moro else where. Really, this ought to' bo en couraging to tho enthusiastic, alboit re trenched , railway omploye, poor as ho is in pocket, provided ho bo only rich enough in imagination ! 