PERTH, TUESDAY, JANUARY 0. THE NOBTHERNE.RS'; ';;;; association. Thh Nortliorners Ivavo had ' anothor mooting about nothing' and have cli« ouHflp'd tlio Hubjoot at length. Tho lipHirann/nal mooting of thb Associa tion coi'tainly brougnb a good!' musioi1 togothor of oui1 gonial bush bvothron, and. afforded thorn., an opportunity of mooting and greeting oaoh other. But as to businofls, we repeat they -( did notliing in particular, and did it very well,' as an English humorous writer has said, oftholtpuso of Lords, ., Tho Chairman was fain to admit that tlio businossof tho year had boon slight and- ?unimportant, and hintod .that mombors had nqt'as yet made ilp thoir minds1 as to tho objoots of, tho Assooiafcion. Ho almost p loaded with' tlio mombers to bring forward some thing for. discussion, but it appeared as it o'voryono prosont found it im» possible to mauufaotnvo evon tho ghost of a grievance, and it is in faot quito oloar that the North, like the discontented king in ' Prinooss Ida,'.' has nothing whatovor to grumble at. Possibly they almost fool in his mood whon he. flings— ' Oh don't tho days soom lank and long ; Wh n all goos right and nothing goes wrongP And isn't ybur'lifo oxtromoly flat With nothing whatovor to grumblo at.' ; A Mr. Sinallpago certainly Jhad some fault to fllld with tho Afmoaiati'nn it self, and that was that there was too strong a S.'iithom olemoi\t in it, and we aro glad to notice that others agreed with Him upon the point. It is preposterous to inoludo Goraldton and Dongarra, and even tlio Murohi 'son in tho North, and when Mr. G. ;T. Simpson roso to spoalc5 as;' a Northern representative we may * bo suro that, metaphorically speaking, ho had tlio tongiio of contempt in tho ohook of soorn. Mr. Simpson was,; however, frank enough and bol( enough to tell tho mombors that the Association hadmot as yet dono muoh, andf that although; \membors woro anxious to co-operato, they did not know what to do. No ono combated this view)., and thereforo , we ljavoit virtually admittod by tho Association that it has no rtilsQrid' el re— no jusfci fldation in its existonco. Tlio faot ist jihe, AsspQiation is about as r\diou lous and lisoloss1 an institution as could bo thought of , in tlio oiroum stanoes, and . its objoot, if it has any at all, appears to bo to obtain a prflpondoranco of 'voting power for tho North over tho South ii\ Parlia ment, This mombors may fool pretty suro they will ' .never get ;; but rathor. than -allow this the South, ' including Uhampion Uay and tho Murohison, would sooiiro the soparationfrom tlio North, whioh tho latter has so muoh reason to fear. A froo, 'progrossivo and liberal community would, novor consent to bo out-voted by a ring of squatters, their underlings and area turos, 