OUR POCKETS. Pockets inoreas" ia importance as civiliza tion profjrtBMP. "We have to go back to the absolutely unbreeched savage to find the pocketless, bnt even in medieval ages the wealthiest men were content with one or two pockets. Whtn it came to serion basinets, even that waa dispensed with, for no enit of English armor that has been- discovered con-al&s; a handkerchief pocket, and the Scotch kilt, nnchang«d even from its primi tive form, makes no provision for a handf al of change. Of coarse these decisions may be aeconnted for by th fact thai a knight armed cap-a- pie, with his vi5or'down, wonld find a hand kerchief of no use, and that a Highlander would naturally never wish to take change ont of his pocket ao long as he could extract it from that of some one else. Bnt even the less antique early English costume, with all itB frills, had fewer pockets in it, and it was not until modern masculine dress took the severely practical, which seem so uupicture'que ia the eyes of Lord Roaebery, that the era of the pocket properly began. No well regulated person in these islet woald dream now of going through life with lets than nine or ten pockets. That is the minimum, bat the maximum is not to bt gueised at ; for onr dearest friend may have secret pocket all over his person, nasua- .pected by the : world, -aiidre-hsialMp. instances of ghosting costume witfirfemi'vny:- pnekets in th«m that the wearer never suc ceeded in finding them all, even with the ai3iatance of diagrams by the sartorial architect. Pockets exists for two reasons— to put one's hands into for comfort, or to put petty personal properties into. In rural parts, Hodge it content with two pockcis, one for each hand when he leans in the sunshine against the barn door, and meditates on the decline of English agricnltare \- Between there two pockets he distributes his tob'cco, pipe, knife and his matches — all his simple wants. A city man, however, especially if ha is succeeding in life aad ha " everything handsome abont him," cannot have too many pockets. His handkerchief , pocketbook, parte, keys, watch and cardcase all demand separate departments, and even then the modern pocket syBtem is in its most elementary stage. It provides one of the most striking illus trations ef the complexity of civilization, to ask a man for some trivial document he ha on hiB person. He plungss his hands into bis coat pockets, outside and in, with frantic energy, convulsively straggles with those concealed in his coat tails, or make dubious excursions iota th little slits with which his few square inches of his vest front are dtcoratad. He will fetch out bills, receipts, con cert programmes, newspaper cuttioga. I. O. U's, wallet, wine cards, and all the important letters hia wife has given him to post for a month part, until the inexhaustible hat of the prestidigitator becamea a transparent trick by comparison. As has been said, the weakness for pockets in the male manifests itself in early life, and the extraordinary capacity of a pocket is nowhere more apparent than among boys, one of whom h&a; been known to conceal from view on one side of a pair of knickerbockers six pieces c-£ elate pencils, eight marbles a top, a small sec tion of sp-mge, two ounces of- acid drops, a handkerchief, a crib for Virgil, a knife with six blades and a corkscrew, a cigarette hoi 'er, an assortment of tin Holdiers, half a bun, a mechanic »1 m use, the remains of two blackbirds' eggs and a pistol minus its stock. This looks wonderful enough till one con siders the multiplicity of articles a man's pockets usually contain. Besides the handkerchief, pocket-hock, pur e, keys, watch and card case already alluded to, he mnst accommodate pencils and penholder, season tickets for trainB, a eigir cnttvr, cigar case, matchbox, toothpick, eye glasses, post-cards, letters and bills, pen knife, nail-cleaner and corkscrew. Need it be wondered at that when he has searched wearily and vainly through the receptacles of all these things for something that he should be inclined to wish- either that pockets had never bien invented, or that he bad one more, in which the lost article might perchance be found ? By a curious fatality it happens thai everything such a person wants in a hurry is at the bottom of the pile. 