THE NOVELIST. [Coeyxooav.J .TAILMUD; Strange Narrative of Den tr., al Australia. IRWUNED ON : NATURAL FACTS, COBAPTER IV. (Continued.) Piaxi Cazxzi. .. Retracing their steps they again snr v'oeyed the southern declivity,:: but with "ount being 'in the' least enlightened. They 'could. not help noticing that the r!sounds on the south were much louder "than'thcse on' the 'north, but that did not help them' to' a 'solution of their causnee.''' * ."Its' no use our; remaining here," "aid Strangway; with- a puzzled air. " Let usego'back to the horses, and get '.round this place.. 'We will only go as: far.?i.ayonder rarige, and: then "we will start for horme again:. We have dis covered some excellent pastoral country along here, andi the bead waters of this creek are without doubt permanent." " Yes that is a certainty, and some of those plains across to the east' would make splendid :pastures.::: We have at least .found that Central Australia, so so far as we have gone is not a barren waste," replied Stanley. "Without further conversation they re traced their steps- to where the . horses "were tied, and which were evincing un. " mistakeable 'indications of fear. Re ,! leasing the-animals, the travellers made a slight detour so as to :avoid the peak, and afterwards made in the, direction of the connecting spur which led to the range. " We should reach the end to-morrow ;Tom, and since leaving. Eyre we have Shad no reason to complain of our luck," said Strangway. , "-It was confoundly bad up to that time though," was the reply. "'It might have been worse," came. the sententious answer. On coming to the belt of jungle at the foot of the connecting spur, Strang way expected to get a shot at a wallaby or a bird, but he was disap pointed. So far as the men could see there was not sutlicient footing on the smooth surface of the half rounded spur for a.rock wallaby to get a hold, and the scrub at the bottom appeared to be deserted by. animal life, even as the vicinity of the waterfall was. " This is a strange place altogether. A while back we could get as much' game as we liked, but there is nothing about here," exclaimed Stanley. "I. cannot understand it. There .:must be something which frightens the animals away. I could understand the noises at the falls doing so, but they are not heard about.here." It was Stanley who spoke, and he had scarcely finished when the same queer booming sound smote their ears, coming apparently from the vicinity of ther ocky spur. The two men looked at each other for a few moments, and a.shade of apprehension crossed their faces. " We have only a few miles further to go, Tom, and we may .as well finish our j.ourney, but had I heard these sounds fifty, miles further back, I would .have turned back," Strangway said. "Let us finish by all means. Sounds will never hurt us," Stanley replied in a defiant tone. Just before sunset they reached the base .of the range, and pitched- their camp in a narrow, but fertile valley, at the end of which rose up a pyramidal block of hugh' rocks. A small rivulet rai down the centre, and there was an abundant supply of wood, and forage for the horses. Had it notbeen for, the mysterious sounds heard during the day, the place would have seemed a perfect garden of Eden ,.to the.explorers, after their' long travel :through sterile: tracts. "As it was a gloom hung over both of them Like sailors of the old time, when in the fogs and mirages of the trackless ocean, they fancied they saw the phantom of the Flying Dutchman; anl heard the dread voice of the spectre on deck. Strong way and his companion had a pIresent ..ment that something weird and uncanny was about to happen. They' did not voice their fears, but after securing the horses close to the' camp, they made the place as comfortable as possible under the circumstances. As they lay down with their arms ready to hand, they were both inwardly pleased that on the morrow they. 'would begin the return journey.:, For several hours., neither man slopt, and.it was well on to morn rig when slumber fell 'upold their tired bodies, . The. .sun "§ was' streaming brightly: ,on them ere they' 'awoke. Stanley 'was the first to sit upright, and the rising sun s'treaming into the newly 'openedi' eyes, 'caused him to lose his vision 'for i 'few' moments. As his sight'grew stronger, he turned his gaze "in the direction of the hlorses. Tbey were thei-e' sure enough, and be jumped to his feet,.fdior standing amonget their hIe e'saw thele"form of a mean clad in a garb, the liki of whiclilIe had never seen. c" OHAPTER V. BAcKsoearo r? u onRv?. Like a statue :ithe hardy explorer ntood for' a. full .mrinute, trying to locate tie stragne being he saw amongst the horses, but the more he tried, the more mystified lie became:. From the actions of the man he must be blind, .He seemed to :boe groping aroiund in a daxed aort of manner, as if uncertnin of hlsaposition, and what thoaniruals beforehim were. Stanley did not pause bug: la but going to Strangway. hde awok'e ";. What's the . matter Tom," the leader asked, sitting up and rubbing .his 'For answer. his comrade pointed to the rude corral in which the horses were Siplaced, and which were becoming ' ome . .whirt trtive Partly b~ his : -i : ', '": .... . . ':f eomradebey the strong beams of the rising sun, Strangway for fully half a minute could not -see the startling ob ject which attracted his friend's atten tion; Suddenly, however, his features lighted up in that _strange manner typified when consciousness asserts its -dominion over the mind, and for a full minute he was silent. "0 What is it ?" he at length gasped out. . I don't know," came the curt res ponse. Seizing his rifle in one hand, and the shot gun in the other, Strangway stood up saying " This may be only some plot to do us harm.. Don't forget the sounds we heard yesterday. That fellow is trying to carry off our horse's, so as to make us more helpless, but he will die first. As he finished speaking, he sank on one knee, and rose his rifle to take aim at the strange creature amongst the horses, but Stanley restrained him. The ex-seaman had a longer opportunity of judging the human apparition than his companion, and taking his arm he said : " Don't shoot, for I think the fellqw is mad.'` If their was a plot to take the horses it would not be carried" outi. n ,daylight, but whilst we slept. Watch 'the man for a minute or two. Be appears" to be blind." " Strangway thus adjured, paused, and the longer his observation, the more convinced be was that his com.' rades opinion desired fall consideration. '" Yes." he at length said. " Let us watch for a few milntes-or rather I will watch him, and you keep guard in the rear. There is something extra ordinary about here you know, and we cannot he too careful." Whilst Stanley turned to watch in the opposite direction, occasionally turning his head in the direction of where the horses' stood. Strangway closely ohb served the unexpected intruder. That personage seemed to be utterly oblivious of the fact that the two .ex plorers were about, for all his attention was fixed on the horses. Occasionally he would stand and put his hands to his head, as if in extreme perplexity, and then he would advance as near as lie could to the retreating horses His apparent desire seemed to be rather to examine' the animals than to capture them. That was patent from his method of procedure, and at length Strangway was so convinced that the man was ' daft' that he decided to take some action. At first he was deterred by the extrao- dinary appearance of the man's dress. Like a dream there rose before him pictures, which he had seen when a boy, of the supposed garb of pre historic mian, in days when the world was young. In the British Museum he had been shown the dress as remodelled from Archaic carvings-of an ancient Burmese, but though the style appeared something like the same, the colors were altogether different. Strangway was a man of action, and his mind was soon made up. . "Tom," he.called to his companion "let us capture that fellow,' and if he tries to escape we will shoot him. Is your revolver alright I as we may need all our weapons." " Yes I am ready to fight, but don't let us do so unless there is a real ne cessity," came the reply. " I will not throw a shot away," answered Strangway. Proceeding cautiously towards the spot where the horses were placed, with levelled weapons, the 'two ien got within twenty yards of the mysterious new comer, and the closer they drew the more astonished ,they became. The exposed parts of his skin were almost pure white whilst the hair and beard were nearly the same hue. It was not a natural- white, but a kind of bleached color. The man wore no head covering, but a kind of gown wassuspended from his shoulders, and reached to his feet. It was of a light brown hue-what is popularly known as a dirty white, and appeared to he closely plaited. This at first did not strike the two spectators so much, as subsequently, for they were toojmuch in terested in thie movements of the man. He was still moving about in a half dazed fashion amongst the horses, and at last Strangway, unable to contain his surprise, shouted " Hey!" The effect was electrical. In an instant tihe queer thing turned in the direction of the sound, and an expression of unutterable emotion flashed across .his features. Strangway repeated the call and then with arms half outstretched the man came towards them. A small tree was in the road, but as he nearly reached it he turned aside, thus showing that he was not absolutely blind. He did not seem to be armed, and this fact some what re-assured Strangway and -his companion, but still his, uncanny ap pearance, caused them no small amount of suspicious fear. Within half: a dozen, paces of the two men he stopped and gave a low cry. It was human at any rate, but quite unintelligible. As lie thus stood, the feelings. of the two explorers amounted to almost absolute terror. Had the unewcome been black or in fact had a tribe of aboriginals ap peared, they would have been undaunted, but this substantial ghost, so to speak, was appalling to look upon, The blanched whiteness of thelface gave the impression that the, bright red blood of mortal man did not course beneath such a skin, yet the apparition had just', uttered a sound. - btanley had read somewhere of, these monsters called amnpires, and the appearance they were. supposed to present. Instinctively the object befkre him recalled the vampire legend so fai as. the cc'!ur was :con: cerned, but as he looked the ex-seaman softe ed, for in the expression of the face hle saw neither cruelty nor .thirst for blood.: - • Who, and -what are you ?" ngain called Stranrgway. , S"As the voice sounded, ithe :hiuman ap parition iigin advanced, and when witllh In a: couple f yards of tlieexplorers, le saw 'theml and s'ood irresolute. As thley'l; ronly scanned his fice they coull .see lhat Iris eyes were almhnost closed, and blikhting, as if th at .on, ' lihUlt of the son hurt them. He apperied as'if over come with emotion, at seeing Strangway and Stanley, but was as dumb as the un communicating muteness of a fish. . " Where do you come, from ?" Stanley queered. The man thus addressed appeared to' ponder-confusedly for a few -moments, and then as a gleam of intelligence lighted up his features, he pointed downward to the earth, and uttered some hing, which sounded like : "There l"" If anything was wanted to confirm the explorers, impression that ' their strange visitor was half diabolic in his. nature, this" supplied the point.C And yet the more they saw of him,: the less fear asserted itself. I can't make him out, Tom. I have read of fear turning a persons hair white in a single night, and if so, may it' not have the same effect on the face," " Perhaps," he added, with a sudden burst of inspiration "this may' be some lost white man, whose solitary wander ings in these lonely districts have' made silly." , Perhaps so," asserted Stanley, shaking his head doubtfully. " He may be hungry too. Let as give him something to eat,- if he will have it," continued the leader. "Yes." " Come and have something to eat," Strangway said to the silent man. in front of him, at the same time pointing to the crmp. " Yon forget that he can scarcely see a couple of yards ahead. ' Look at his eyes. " interrupted Stanley. Strangway, with a muttered' assent, went' close to the man, and again repeating his invitation, pointed to the camp. The lack lustre eyes followed the ex tended finger and theh as the leader moved on the newcomer slowly followed. The camp fire of the night was just smouldering, and as the explorer's queer" visitor saw the smoke lie seemed to be' almost childishly interested in it. After gathering some wood Stanley placed it on the embers and it soon' blazed up. The weird looking man could not repress his feelings at this and laughed with simple glee at the sight. The merriment was the most human like 'and natural which Strang way and Stanley had yet heard, and it considerably reassured them. Whilst' Stanley prepared breakfast his comrade watched the man opposite him who was intently gazing into the fire, and from that to the busy figure of the ex-sea man, It almost seemed to .Strangway that each moment saw a change ini the face of his visitor. At least he ap peared to become more in sympathy with himself, and graduallyr his feeling of repulsion began to die away. " Make some tea," lie said to Stanley whose turn it was to prepare the meal. A considerable quantity of tea had been carried by the, explorerr, but latterly the supply was gettng low and it was only used occasionally. Whilst breakfast was being prepared Strang way intently studied his visitor but did-i not speak to him, and, indeed he even forgot to fill his usual morning pipe so intensely interested was he. A jam tin of tea was handed to the " vampire" as Stanley yet persisted in calling him, and after smelling it a couple of times and tasting it he drank it off with avidity, and rising to his'feet, walked a few steps to Stanley and held out the tin for more: That at least was sociable and convinced the seaman there was a possibility of his being wrong in his theory. Vampires were not sup posed to be fond of tea. The tea was. given and consumed, and then the tin seemed to be an object of absorbing interest to the new comer. Some kippered herrings were also produced, and after a short examination were. evidently relished by the 'semi-blind man. " He is able to eat and drink what we do. That is a good sign, " Stanley said,. "I wonder if he can smoke ?" Strangway remarked as he had just thought of his pipe. Stanley did not reply for he too, in the excitement of the morning had forgotten the soothing weed, and was busily engaged filling his pipe. When the two men began to puff the fragrant clouds of tobacco smoke which pervaded the morning air, it appeared as if an old forgotton perfume had fallen upon the senses of the man opposite them. He sniffed the air like a bloodhound just finding the trail, and after a few minutes he went to Stinley and with a beseeching look stretched out' his hand. "Get him one of the spare pipes Tom," Strangway said.. Through the • untimely deaths; of Daniels and O'Hailoran there were several spare pipes.left and with hearty good nature the seaman handed ..the imploring visitor his own lighted pipe and got a spare one for himself,. The pale stranger instantly put the pipe to hris lips and commenced.puffing away as if his life depended on the operation, nod his enjoyment was so evident that even a child might have noticed it. " He likes a smoke, Tom,"' Strang way reinmarked' after a few minutes watching. '. " My word he does. He puts me in mind of ihe crew of the Santa Anna who were castaways on a Pacific island for three years. My skipper rescued them and they were berthed in the fore* castle. In twenty four hours there wasn't a plug of tobacco' on board and we had to smoke tea leaves or anything w 'could .fill our pipes with for the remainder of the voyage,'" Stanley answered. VWhen the' pipe was nearly emptied Strangway went and sat besiide his visior who received him' with a smile of gratified recogniition. The 'explorer could not help remarking' that the sight of the newcomer was getting, better. He could now see 'the move ments of the -horses, and' the animals uffordedhlim quite a mine of interest. " What's your name?" the leader asked abruptly. .,,(-o.as.?.oNmnl? .p") 