THE ANGLICAN SYNOD. THE PASTORAL ADDRESS. The fortieth annual session of the synod of the Church of England in the Diocese of Adelaide was opened at St. Peter's Cathedral on the evening of Monday. being St. George Day. f itfld. The Bishop of Adelaide [toe Hera. B. C. Stmh?ngm ™TF <Mr. A. BMlrcfce). The service was sons by by the ohoir with thVir^ustomed •jr^S? Bkhop (the Right Hot. G. W. MiSSm^P*' dakwered toP?ato?laddress In J^ningyoo, my brethren of the clergy 5S 0* *B>Uy, to tha third session of onr «* Bnri.on which may God grant. His ™eSB>nBV I sfaonld remind yon, lest you miss ™n my observations references to persons and to apnteaffi?oting this dtooesa on which you might expect some nanarks, that for the most P«* these in reserved for the report to Bynod **"<?? ??h«abeanonatomaryfor the {resident *> lay before you in the Synod haU. Bat I ???not altogether omit come referenoe to the ™gni6oanee of oar accidentally meeting *?Ps*foer hen upon St George's Day. It 5* PT bo means intentionally planned, bat *J «_>y no'means to be regretted. We osta in afford to break may Inks that bine «v to the mother laud. In a current phrase of •}?£<*. *• ■? taPMttW to realise the "solidarity of the raoe." Tfce morewesie. f£*%£%g^^yJ**> do*ly Mentified "^bsOhmh «nd the. nation at home, the der"rebor*iellB- Independence gftghnqpnamyiinsii a poorpriaTfor the fa^doni it promi?ea. We tnayTiave to in- the ways ?eoneekaewbart?thoina Bat let it sot be ?^2«nttia??i!gi?Bd'B growth of thought is Wfc^ert of tomb with her in Gfaurchand m *?%«l.*a *? WA wit to Jose it. £silL!^J£?!S? l!J£y <*«•? our thoughts V«J? PHO Osr empire. Ift In guffaw m> mw>miig noo?Mtun of some of the noahst daysol ajaaaftpart. It bids us betoeeoSola nobto motfeer optmtry, and its vary legend remmds «■ of the splendor pf em* victory ■W evfl, and that aerwa-?ve ntiatgH and overcome sis. naderlie heading of theT?rionsDetitSi««f part of the Lord's Payer. Itaeemad *%*?t£* the laaa of the wry life of tie Ohanb wen to be found enshrined m the «aorea words wiuch oar Dirine Uaeterha? f^ ?"?j? pattern of ?U trne approach to Goi. The whole w?oep&n; of Oe^bordt in Ua wat^and Bfe—its aanotiiy of wot?hip ltt msnon in the worM-«he penonal holiness of* members—the Divine snetenaaee-tbe W««y &r; brotherly tendernege—tbearadi oataon of ewl, and tiw final trimaidi over it, geems .to be indicated, aa one by one these praefeast phram, «? onoe co ample and ao Saep in meiaing. tmfoU tteawaawhidtomfflaasadLord wdoM form mffitpsople. bd m this dunne). we en aaavotei to reverently oonsider togethar''the twhyortheamrohund its corporate life" as involved in the inrooation of "Oar lather which art in EUaven." And on this point-on winohl do not now propose to -dwell at any length—l would bat add Sit eight yean have vtiaeana to • mo* more widespread d«stn fc* the reunion of Sq^y^Bpealo^g Christen dora than, ana to have beat WTpwmri. cay. twenty asd eight raws ««o-rlhatifa? atodyof each M Venture as fiiahop Idchtfoofa nonn zADtalworkootb? fajafianEptsflas and of •n Qinte i fjtmf t and', tenarkafafe lsotuna delirawd at lfansfiiH GoUen {a Nonoon fonrust odUeceat OxfdM) Tiy trofasftor Ham- Bay, of Aberdeen Untverrfty, on "TheOnrroh in the Boman Jfinpita," must awaksn train* of thaw]* in ttam^ of *Q affecting reader*. whtshesaotOy mob in the desire for the n uniting in one csgania body of tfaemattuid aoembers and oomrottnione of professing OhnstianH; fast that it is better to leave she Wen to woric; that to hnrry matter, jnay mar them; and that maaaimM oar pfaon doty ? to wait patienUy doing oar best where oar lot v oast j Isot to pray earnestly and to watch that wo may not Las or let sop opportnnities which God means as to oje for ("*&*—*•* the payer of the Great Tntmwuui. "That they ■D. n?J ?? one; at Thoo, XWber, art in Me and I in Thee, that the* abo may be one in. aa, that tbe world aay bebeve thsJt.Thon hast sent Me." TTnder the head nigjaf Ihe fint *e^«io?Df AeXord'?B?yer wed«|eli«agetser«n ane jabjcob of worahip tnitsTanaasa*peota,and the wmi of borne nod iVxeasn maskaa wore eonadered nnder «bapeta&K;*'lfaykiqgdom«scne." Parwnal reHgion was oonsidend, aa I tried to pot befor* for the thoughts unggngg?rt in toe ?ord«"Tbywfflbedon?*n earth as it is in heaven," and some of yow win mwaubsi she pMoli?xpMfaaaof tfwM attenn wads in the week when we were Jaatsntms; the traffic death of ti? tevared Dean figateO. For eoau> years I hava waited before ashing yon to f<*owinem tbe consideration of the ■objeots wWah uskM Aaasaettea to me ante the part, ttoogh not excinavely, they toooh onr sonsl fits, and my Stnass to deal with awaal qjaatuD?wul itself be questioned. But Xfqroneahooldaererbeoo?tant with apeak ingot faith that did not lead on nveuMsiillyto ptaotne, and it moat dot be tegotten that the eeopnd great wwiuiandawi?t of tin law was saabyoorDhrioe Mastertolie like unto die "Given! this day onr dauV bread. o-I do potataytoordiaa?oar trawHtion or to lay bsferoyoa any miauris. Sneptcitiansaggeat? ekd> plain praotiaal tboufhts that cney w3l enffiaa, Tbefintof tfcett afieots as at every point of oar life, nd is fhn f nmtlii reqmre. neat of aU prayer. It is the cease <* depen dence on God, th? aadedying pdaotple of faiUu Deptadene* on Gsd.^t w she very anathesis of ins mi worship. ■a b ffl eSM? on the otacaetar of manisaslifegmagaetheoiheris soolde stioyiag. For im snail infisod ia thturffsnt, as maoy^of as perhaps have aeen, of^the lore of nehaa on those who give way to it. Thsreis, we are toid, •eaterpuW called the "Awmo." foond in New 7«ialaiirt. living an almott enb t?aanean fife, which m unable to resist the ftwnptation to feed on oertain seeds that attaaot it, with «be extraordinary resulti that oat of it grows afanmsfmr time* the height of ibb na>is t iillii the roots of wUoaasnfa) through tkm wret?faed inaaat into tbe ground, and the caterpillar is absorbed in tbe vege table Toif appalling- iltatratioa from natural history beoomes a parard?; or doss it not asem as if tn* love of money and tbe belief in its ommpo tenoa taaafanns the man who is pmnrwwri by it anal his better attnbntes nave, deceriotnted, bis whole nature ohaoged,and bis heart hardwiert in. unlfishnaas? How1 diftesnt ia the oase wflfc the man wbo has learned thelessoo of dependence on God; it bsa nmaswaad hia soswibaitiea and vitalised bis faculties; leas fretful and amrious about bis rmwwirjiis, ha yet iostmctively does his best for titose iapeadau* onium and forhtm aU,battiisdeave? for the ezpsaaonof she inngdom of God, end he «tovb greatly and (romekpsbfemaUtbitigstbro?gh tbe force oi thisdVwn. Ana the aeeond tiioaght mtggeeht&lj; thw petition is thw of amptto^. It h very diffknUto define the boandarylina between luxary aad aiatpliaity. The simFKeity of ontman woold be the luxury of enotner. The line must sbift eosording to onr njpbrisajmfc sod be affooted by the eonditeons 5f ear Ufa. A Spartan aim plicityssay be even most agreeable to im, but potaonaonant with the cucumstsnoss of our life. And the man may be in spirit the aame man and of greatest siidpliaity of mind, who at oeefamei? Bvins; {w the F oorer man might think} in auuerfluuua luxury, and at an"*""' time wheo duty oafis him is Anmd oontent with the hnmhlrrt fate and snrronndings. But one of the Beads of the day is greater aiaapUoity of living. In food, in fashionable dreuTin recmation, fn faooae?old requirements, people have oome now to consider things TMr-ntiil wniohSOyaars ago were tnpsrflnous. Some wDI natter themselves this, is good for trade— averydosbtfalargu^mens^-butthefaotremiins that the airuplioity whioh thai petition enjoins U fast ebbing awayfmm us as a people, and pur nharsotors ar? tusTsiilJll in consequenae. lUmwnber Capua! Now here neutU make • ohsntpt for the better. Theao-aaOed bsd times will help as in that. Aim a% greater s'ffipEetty to life. Beduce your wants. Bat let it not be for selfish purposes. Savethat you may giva. Sony yoorserf that you m?y help others more. Thus oharaoter will grow ■nd jotarprayw wOI bring a double bteeujrrg. Bat we cannot exdode epirttatal —rtensna? from the sabpe of our teqnest. The true mesanm of the fife at wmph we mutt aim is the life of oar Lord sad Mastar, and it b in Him that our spiritual hanger osn alone find its true noeristun?nt and its ««fa-ifv^r^ His natanemtostweaanmilata. Htsatren?thmnsii we daily spprep>iais. In prsyer. Si saara- SDcnt, in meditanon onHisGfeandirordsaad methods, must we be oatutent. Our life, penoroi, tsUgiooM, ?ad aoetal, falls short of its eaatbflittai wtera He ia not Bade the daily emtwmmw Me is cbs bread of life, and oor capacity lor ofaarah work or for sooial work, however taa&aw;* mas'appesc the scnemeK we foDow, wiHbeproportdonate to the degree we an ana with Him, and He one with us. Whatever therefore may be eaid in what follows most be understood as conditional by this greatest of requirement*—a aontinuons pfsfitial aeeking after and appropriation oi Ibati?diadli?of oaxDm??iKmtgr, "LotO, "-ongore give us this bread.'' Bnt_thfl .nrajet We offer mnat mark the lives of those who offer it. We who pray "Give us this day our daily bread" must surely ask ourselves whether ■a churchmen we are found fully, adequately Riving it We seed take no notice of the silly sneers of those who do notcoasidei the re lation between came and effect, and who find fault with tune given to worship, to prayer, or instruction, as tbopgh work supplied tnajr place instead of issuing as the result of these*. Bat the spiritual nourishment we give our people—are we satisfied with it ? Is it not too perpetually hortatory; too little instructive? With all the immense amount; of preaching always going on in this land oan we say our [ people are living earnest Christian livee! Are | they the real salt of the colony—the real light of the land: Now, God has pat us in trust with great spiritual riches. Onr lineage, onr inheri tance of creeds and sacraments, our apostolic ministry give us, and no wonder, Bplendidoppor tunities. Onr claim is that we belong- to and are an integral part of the great spiritual kingdom of Christ. We believe that the Church is the one harmonising power in the era of social and political discords wa have reached. We believe that through hex our I nation may find ids way made clear and help- ■ ful. And yet when we look around are we1 satisfied with our work and oar progress? Some will say—"Yon are failing in your work because yon are neglecting that side of it which the world beet appreciates, and men now demand from you." They will bid yon leave each clearly spirited work as you bars thought was your fist duty, and throw your interests into distinctly social subjects. But what Bishop Barry says on this point in his Hampton Leotores is worthy of attention— "If the clergy in their ministerial duty and the Churoh in her collective witness should allow devotion to what are called 'sooial sub jects' to set aside or obscure their primary charge—which is to draw individual souls one by one to Christ and to ad vanos the corporate spiritual life of the Church through the light and grace of God —it would be a treason to their high calling and a neglect of the wisdom of rignt proportion taught by the Master him self—' These things ought ye.tohavedooe, and sot to leave (be other undone.'" "Their Bight Proportion."—This is what we must observe. Eaoh aspeot of our duty must be watched over, neither neglected. But the daily bread of Heaven must be our first cars. For its provision and its distribution I are we placed where we are. My plea is for mere teaching—in place of bo much preaching. This in church first of all. And let me speak rjftheteaohin<rofHolySsripture. Isthe?ible dast for adults really suffioiartly tried? Is it made taumotaniiy interesting? Have we not with the difficulties suggested by the higher criticism of the-day that they have leaned of them elsewhere than from us, and we have suffered a dwarfed and -*""t?^ view of what the Bible really is and would do tor them to take poe?Ssaion of thesr minds, ioataed of our showing Un?p? how the changed position makes the?iSW for us a more living witness to the I living Lord. I do not wish to dwell on the 1 question of the higher ariticism-^irtoaddto what I have said on previous occasions—bnt let me quote from a valuable little handbook which should be in evwy clergyman's hands. "Professor Kukpetrick's Divine Library of the Old Testament." Hear what the writer says on the point I have just alluded to— "From the undoubted fact that it has not been God's wfll to preserve the letter of Holt Scripture m ? precise and unaltered form, ana that tire interpretation of the Scriptures is Moenarily gradual and progresdve, we may derive a dear warning against that worship of the letter into which the Jewish Church fell, and into which parta of the Christian Churoh have from time to time fallen. True, the spirit most be xeaohed throujrh the letter, and to the devout student even theemalleet word of Holy Scripture win not be a matter of indifference. But the im perfeotioDs and uncertainties of the letter bid as look from the hitter to the spirit; from the weeds to the tenths which the words convey— tenths, we may be assured, unshaken and un impaired by each dejecta as have been allowed tooreep in: from these truths, indeed, to Bin. in whom all partial truths are summed Op, and who is Himself the truth to whom all the Scriptures point. «H? taUmo?v of Jesus b Uu Spirit et (to . Y'diriit ba? asd uutS.- And toss vix Bohool. Our primary eohools are fairly holding their own. It cannot be satdtbev an well supported, and one oan hardly expect them to rapidly increase in difficult times and in face of the Stale school free education. But they area prota?tanuisl it ■ 111 I"■I * IB __T AltA 111 lif M. 1 | | VQeuromion or voe Twyyr ewnssns m xrse education. They are an attempt to discharge our duty. They an doing real «ood,«nd maintain them we must and wiU. Their ratjon d'etre is religious education. As to our State school system, I have been eloarty ooowrted, as you know, to the belief thst the New South Wales system is the best attainable. It hat recently bean adopted in West Arntealia. It may be possftly adopted in another colony. It is practically the scheme reoom ramtea in Ea£a?d <was it w XS3t?) by the late Dr. Hook—and who can say ho* many of ike difficulties now pi muting t*^'"'"'' lat the London School Board would have been avoided had it been adopted at home. In oar secondary eohools we shall be, I trait, more atrefal and oyatematao than hitherto. .If scholars attend them whose parents have con scientious eorcples about their receiving our nligiooa taachiag. oarsfnl arrangement mot be made to meet those sorupka; but it is not fair nor right that oar Church bays and suss ■bonU have their anskraotioo watered down add practically made oolorieas for tear of Which conduct may run far more safely than where feelings and. emotiona often prema- Wrely appealed to are ita chief goHe. Bvt,«a has been Brsed on previous ocmaitiom. our con firmation classes are really for abe dargy the gwatestof opportontttet Can it be said that we realty make enough of <&em;? AJBCmtiaa has bean called by the bishops of Manchester and Dover to the needratheOlmrchof Hog f^rff**ttl'<'Ti*w< ?lasses and of per?sve rance on the lines of tboseao well known in Ftaaoe through the well planned •rrangwieati of Momeignor Dopanlnpp Wdnld itnotbepoe. ■rbh toprasent so the bishop on hirauual visi tation a catechism date (probably a better name oouH be devised) of tho?-whom the following year are to be presented to him for confirma tion. It would secure a longer time foe can coioot preparation. I* wotzM beoome a sooroe of creat interest in a weU-worknd pariah, and it would form ?link between she bishop and the young of his flock which might prove to be of coneidetable value. "Our Daily Bread."—Each one committed to our charge needs personal individual help and nourishment. Don't Ist us be diaoouNged if we have a\ot influenced masses. One life educated—drawn out—to the full measure of God-give* oapadty—one family moulded, steengtheoed, taught to live true to God and and man, wfll be a epoil worthy the presenta tion to the Lord of Life—and be a source of ever-epreading mflnoinw for the glory of God and the good of the country. 6tifl is it "our,"not "my"daily bread, for which we ask. We are to share our benefits. What we gain is not for otnoelves alone. AU that we nave received or may obtain is for the family nee. Under the petition "Forgive us our tres passes, as we forgive them that trespass againat us," we pass to the considflratioa of •sbjeals leas easily treated. The spirit in which they may be approached is sufficieutry indionted in the words we are taught to pray. So linked together—co interwoven is our life in die sight of God—that our very attitude towards others affpftfrn our standing with 'ffiw So intended are we to he ohannri* and dis tributors-of the love of God that onteM that lore, flow throoKQ a to othas it cannot penetrate to our own hearts. So reticulated is our .oommoa life that nnbltwang we «e -iaam nnblest—unforgiving, unforgiven. And humility must needs be ate outoome of the tbonsstt for all olaesee of men are apt to think that they are in the right and all others wrong, aadHn bard sometimes to see where we have trespassed on others; yet the spirit of this petition should ww*fr* as ask ourael yes whether we need others'forgivenees, as well as whether Wain turn forgive their debt? toot. And the tunes we live in have brought us faoe to face withateanse- oimplicatioas. Our old traditions of eoeial life, which we Churchmen had almost grown to think essential, permanent, are | tossed aside as nselesn, intolerable, ana we mnst brace ourselves to new conditions. It does not follow we have been wrong in the past, except in letharey and a failure to make the most of our then existing op portunities. Bot the great (changes through rapid growth of popubtttoos and toe disloca tion of labor through machinery, have co altered the complexion of life that we hardly r—H^nj^n the same features. Kioept lor our faith and onr lineage, and to (gather the ex perience history can famish, we mast not look so much, es we are inclined to do, to the pans. As my dear friend and teacher Dr. Vanghan said, when aditraairing his men at Cambridge last August—" What we have to prove is, not that the Church of y-ngl^nl is ancient—older than her municipalities, older then her Par liaments ; not that she is ancient, but that she is modem, alive so the Borrows, awake to the wants of the people, wise to know the times, and alert to minister to thorn." "Forgive us Our Trsepasss?."—l am not dealing now with sow as tber immediately affect onr relation to God, but as they affeot OS in onr relation to oar neighbors. Have we ■to debts, no shortcomings to atone for in our relation to the working- chases ? Have we not ranged ourselves too exclusively on the iride of •he well-to-do—the eomfortabk* oUeseat It is natural perhaps that our personal friend •hips ahoaid be made with the oulttvated and refined—but axe these never among the. poor? and if not, us we in no way to blame? How is it bo few, if any working men are ekoted to Synod or beoome members of prominent oomnntveea ? If you say they do no* oare for theee things then die fortbet qngrtiflo come* what has gmveDted their taking am interest in Church work? la that the fault of the work to which we ad dress ourselves ? How tar has our too preva lent system of pew recta to answer for this ? No doubt that system grew up in a period when circamstsnc<s seemed totally different, but the question is whether we •rw adapting ourselves to a new state of things. Again, haw far are we to blame for the fre qnantly recurring evidences of the prevalence of stock exchange gambling, of commercial 'immoralities, or of the selfish avarice whioh unblushingly stalks abroad, or for the acceptance of the theory that the possession of wealth brings no responsibility beyond tho will of the possessor, or the taxation of the State? Hotr far, ins word, does the blame lie at our door that on the portico at many busi ness outliers the motto may be read by those who look for it—" Religion may come thus far, bat no farther." Now, what is there that we oan do t Some duties just hinted at are palpable. It only seeds that attention be called to them. Each of you will enter on them no doubt as opportunity offers itself. But the main and greater subjects on which we were questioning ourselves —bow shall we deal with them? Well, -we can strive to create a more healthy public feeling about them. We can study them and discuss them, and when we know well our own line we oan preach about them. There axe many noble upright men in business who will be glad to strengthen onr hands. To help us in thU I brought before the clergy on my Arrival from home the eubjeot of the Christian Social Union. Tain onion consists of Churchmen who have the following objects at heart:—(l) To daim for the Christian law the ultimate authority to rule BOdai practice. (2) To study in common bow to Apply the moral truths and principles of Christianity to the sotnal and economic diffienltdetj of the pre sent time. (3) To present Christ in practical lifeae the Living-Matter aDd King, tbe enemy of wrong and selfishness, the power of righteous ness and lore. There ate sore to be some who will be im patient. " Why not Rive a lead in new souali?tic movements? Now surely is your opportunity to prove yourselves what you chum to be." ** Yon claim to represent the kingdom of Christ. Well the laws of that kingdom are found, are they not, in His Sermon on the Mount? Why not make a strong effort to have •base accepted as the law of the tend? Then wiU oar trouble caase and the Utopia of our dreams will hare taken shape in the sphere of oar oitizsnahip." My brothers, we do believe eventually to* "kingdoms -of the world will become the kingdom of our Lord and of Bis Christ j* bat we do not believe we shall accelerate that glad day by forcing on the movements sug gested, and, quite apart from the vagueness of any aohnnwH, whioh in the restlessness of the boor men urge should be adopted, them is a very strong reason against oar yielding to any such temptation? It is dear that oar Biassed Lord refused to interfere in matters of State policy and political economy. He did not' "enter the world for a sooial revolution, bo« for ? spiritual reformation." "Hegave to the world and to life in the world a new soul" (Irtrtnardt). The raoolleasion of this explains nis teachings in the Sermon on the Iklount— which in certain oases require as to suffer injustice, and to forgive where it would be oustomary to punish. It was not as the laws of a State that our Lord gave those injunctions. A State is essentially the sphere of jmtioe. Order it necostarfly demanded in it. The late Archbishop Magee was attacked by tome persons for saying that no Stare coold exisi as such which framed its constitution on the literal teaching of the Sermon on theMouat. He was bat expressing these same opinion* more tersely and foroibJy, If justioe is bo be done, law most prevail—otherwise disorder and chaos result—iand it is foros behind die law, the force resident in the law-abiding part of a population, which gives it power of opera taOtt. This may not apply to any small oommonity within the State, which arrange* its matters by what we in this Synod oall oonnensual oom paQt, bat it is dear enough that even duo it is to the law of the Stats that appeal has to be made if the terms of die oompaot are broken. No; our Lord did not lay down laws fora State. For Him to have done so would hava been for Him to stereotype for after ages some psrtjonlar form of government or etate, ■hetesa the ever-ehesginc and developing conditions of the world require such variety of government as lor the time and people are molt suitable. Now, what our blessed Lord did was to by down not stats laws bat prin ciples of pn-sbrtal conduct. He taught and stall cequms nnrtain dispoaitiona of ph^r*l* oar, fcf., love sod parity, a rigtmeooa aim, thoughtful oomsderation for other*. These are to affect she people of whom any State may be composed, and as sueb dis positions ihuease so wfll the people be able to claim that tb? law* of the btste shall be is harmony with them. Principles, I cay, our Lord lays down, and our aim most be to follow Him in thU—to bring oat as dearly an we oan those prineintm whioh He has laid down, and strive to show their present applicability. We hare yet to make men understand Carat in His headship over the ns\ in His claim upon their lives, aad in His right to role as King over all vheir interests. The Christian Sooial Union will kelp nai in undemanding all this better, and I nope it may be warmly taken op among you "Forgive cs oar Debts."—Oooe more the words strike home to as as we think of what we owe to the aboriginal natives of this con tinent aad the islands near to it It is known to most of you through tbe daily press that the term for which die trostess have held the run at Poouindie whioh has enabled as to maintain oar native mission station, is drawing to its dose, and the Government, who are anxious to resume the laad, have entered into negotis tiona with as for its speedy rasampctoo. No doubt the character of our operation* will have to be «*nitf^*. but whatever our future work for the' natives may be 7 trust we shall bs able %o prove that the Church is not indifferent to their wants. We have to thank the Bishop of Tasmania, who was himself tbe life and son! oi the ex tremely useful and successful Church Congrats recently held at Hobart, for a noble atte-npt be is to stir op missionary teal among the Church people of Australia sad Tasmania. He b arranging with the sanction ot the bishops in, I think, every diocese, that a week- of self denial shall be held in Advent next or there shoots, with a view of raising funds to clear the >H?"~"" Mission of debt and to enable the New Guinea Mission to be placed on a more satisfactory footing. You wi!l kaovthat Sir W. McGregor has assigned to tbe London slisskoaiy Society (who woe the noble pioneers of miakion work there), and to ourselves, and to the Westeyan Msthodiftt?, a district in whioh each body is to carry on its mission work undis turbed by tbe interference of the others. This should help us to understand the responsibility laid upon us. God grant we may rise to it. In his wise and stirring words at Hobart tbe bishop said—"Tbe Church of England has attained what X oan call by do less a name than a rssnrreotioD. That is a great title to tue. 1 am aware. What an the signs of it? It is not beoaaai obnrcbes have been restored, and church orders studied, not even because we have recognised so much more fully the cor porate life of the choroh—though that in itself is a boon, of value quite inestimable—more even than this, it will be the undying glory of this century that ft saw the English Church as a whole bsoomea Missionary Ounrob." Well, we in Australia moat cultivate, must increase this spirit. I trust when the time comes we shall not be behind other dioosses in doing our best through self-denial and liberal gifts ia an effort which will redound in blessing upon oarselvas as well as bringing blessing to others. A Word to the Laity.—One word my brethren .of the laity, to you in particular. Do you know how patiently, without murmuring, many of the clergy ass still bravely doing their work on most miserable stipends? Do you realise how it often is in the oldest oores— and just when age and want of strength most incapacitate m6n from bearing their heaviest burdens, that many ot oar clergy have found their incomes at the lowest, and bow pre cluded they are from either appealing for themselves or making other provision for their wives and families. Laymen often complain that dergy are not at once provided for work that meeds to be done. But they fail ? realise that the Chnroh has a true claim opon them for tbe maintenanoe in s> suitable mwnit of her Ministry. Is it oseleas to invite you to consider what you may do to improve the present state of things ? I have often urged the principle of proportionate giving. You have already realised how much may be done by regular contributions of very small sums. Will yon not oonsider whether in much the same way as you have askad for the penny as eooiatian something could be done to found and carry on a central nsstenation fond ? Beckon the matter as one of debt to the Church and see whether by united action you can give a lead to the laity of Australia. " Lead as not into Temptation, but Deliver us from Evil" (or the Evil One).—Once more the prayer for ourselves must translate itself into watchfulness of our own conduct and guardianship of the lives of others. Again, let me sty, I do not here treat our subjeot as affecting onr own individual dangers and difficulties in the great spiritual oombat. God knows how great they are and bow insidious, and bow we need Hip gnidahce and strong shield of help. Well do we know thus, dear brothers. Bat let as look ?t the matter as it bears upon our social life; Ist os ask ourselves whether wears wafcoh ful that temptations should not be openly spread before others ; whether we make our prayer the standard of our practice; whether we really try to make tha path through life as little dangerous to others as we may. In Bishop Barry's recent Bampton Lectures, to which I have already referred, there is this striking passage:—"We need but open onr eyes now to the ratosee of our social dangers in order to see plainly that to generate a Higher moral life of doty and love—even to root out a few grots moral evik such as. drunkenneae, im parity', craeHy, falsehood, dishonestly—would do infinitely more to drive oar dangera and difficulties any than these 'sweeping material and eoonomio changes,' and that in troth these changes themselves would really follow, while they cannot lead and determine moral regeneration." Whbt thinkiu? man will doubt these state ments ': Now, once more, what is there that we can do ? Will any man that has travelled nmoh in these colonies—and used his eyes, doubt that much—dare I cay most—of the troubles and sins of the people, as in England, can be traced to the facilities for obtaining— let me say temptations to obtain intoxicating drink ? I should like to bear my testimony to the very excellent character of many of the hotelkeepers in many parts of the colony. I could tell, and have told of things wnich some of them have done in saving men from drunken ness, which are most creditable to them. But alas! How much could one tell on the other side. How awful is the picture which frequently presents itself of the hangers-on tound a country public-house bar. Now, I confess I have come back from England a convert to the Bishop of Chester's plea for placing " every public-house under publio con trol." Why should it be left as a terrible temptation to a publican to let the poor bush man throw down his cheqne for £20 or £30, knowing that it must mean personal profit t Why should the multitude of public-houses in the city "threaten and jostle" one another and flaunt their temptation in the path of every passer down the busier streets. Place them all ander public control, municipal or otherwise— let the manager be paid a fixed stipend, irrespective of the amount he sold—make it no longer anyone's pecuniary interest to persuade men to drmt—take care that non- intoxicants are as accessible as or more so—than alcoholic drinks-Hind not only will you find a diminu tion in the number of city bouses, bat those maintained in the country would loee much of their power for evil lam not a total ab stainer—and, of coatee, would not force others so to be—bat I do see the terrible need of oar doinp something in the direction indicated, and of all schemes, the Gothenburg, as pre sented by the Bishop of Chester, seems the most feasible. I cordially commend this sub ject to your consideration. The more you consider it the more yon will see the need of some such plan—be it that or a kindred one. Then again may I ask whether we are doing our best in the way of checking the spread of foolish if not bid sensational literature among the young? It is difficult to achieve this by repression. A censorship of the press is not a welcoms office—nor always a wisely established one. There will always be those who secretly or otherwise will pander to the prevalent taste, and the taste is deteriorating. To say that one or two criminals have of late confessed that they owed the error of their ways to the perusal of soon •bosational garbage as is sold to boys, is not to prove much, but it helps to attract attention. The great supply of this land of literature to which book-shops in oat of the way places bear witness, ia a, proof of the constancy of de mand. What one would like to see is a healthier higher taste created in the minds of the young. Now ia this impossible? Too often the only literature known to the younger generation ia either of the kind spoken of or of the wi?hy- washy order frequently represented in Sunday-school prizes. Can we altogether wonder at the choice made by a spirited boy ? A •nggestiaa mule by the Archbishop of Canterbury in reference to a somewhat different matter in his lately delivered charge may help us. " When we think," he says, "of the simple way* in which our own personal interest in literature or any living pursuit began, surely it was not fint of all in teaching boors. There was the earlier production ot an interested state of mind, a lively condition of the thoughts into which the good iastractioa might alkie. The power of a great master, or the discipline of a great subject laid hold ob minds preparmi by interests began many years baton:. "Biographies tell us always tbe same. It was in reading to oneself that tfae tendrils and tenterhooks crept out and laid hold. It would be a most profitable pastime, two or three tunes a veuk, if each oiaat (during school hours) bad its quiet reading timo, lolling happily on the desks over w>me suffi ciently tgtyrrowing story, not to be questioned about afterward*. What we want u> awaken in oar elementary school children is a liking for acquirement; an interest in the unknown, a dislike of vacuity." This beems a valuable, dtough auapfo, eoggaetion, and thare ooad be no diSonlty about procuring the niirnmry book* of tbe desired character. Could not really attractive books of a stirring bat beaitby tone be provided? Many pnreone would gladly help m such a public movement that cooM do so little harm, and might do to very muoh good. " Prevention is better than core." And every effort to guide and instil strong principles in the young is worthy of consideration. I heartily wub nomathmg were done ia die oitr and elaewhen> for tho boys of the Church is tbeaame fort of way that the inrtiretioo calltd "Oar Boys'lnstitute" is working among the boys of other deaoffiinstiGnt 1 will not ■tint my nraue of what I have scon done there—but toe UHclenoounmttoosJ teaobiug given in it ia practically tba annihilates:! of oar Church principles. 'Our own Church Institute was intended to provide for our Church boys wLat many of them have amw tcoght eliibwhere. Never can one sufficiently regret tbe fact that parochial feeling killed for the time that effort. I don't see how you are ever to K?in a strong healthy Church letting amoo? onr young men and lade nntil you have grappled with and overcome tbe difficulties wbioii defeated o? before; and bare /armed a strong centre, well worked, wdl supported, and capable o* satisfy ing oar lads with he*!tr.y amusement and occupation for mind and body, with a ttrocg vein of Chnrchmamhip through any teaching given in it which shall Lelp tneti to realise their true duty at young soldiem and eerwtta of tbe Lord Jesus Christ. With the same petition of Qte Lord's Prayer before as the Girl*' Friendly Society aalU for brief notioe. I am indeed glad to note ita growth in tbe diooaw. I wcutd it were more widely extended. Some pariah priests who do much for tbe girls and yoomt women of their parUb ba?a thought iha work oi thin society nsnesessaty. J3ut not only is is valuable in its being widespread, and therefore ablo to give tbe assssof comradeship and help to girls who may have to co&m; from tbeirhoauw, but in two other respects does it fill a great want. Fur the girls themselves who in the church or their borne have received the impress of Chorea teaching and eooad principles of life, it oflers tome scope for them to help others, and to realise tbat in die great Kingdom of Christ each most impart to others of the good tony have received, and it calls oat in tbe assoair-tee that syni pathy und that sense of responsibility for iuwk tbe gran* and opportunities God has given them, vhioh I do believe is latent in the heart of many a young woman in all ranks of life, who just loags to do something for Gud end His Church, and hardly knows what to attempt. And who can tell bow muah untried good work may be aooomplikbed in the world if every euoh woman would strive to do some euoh work of sympathy as the Girls' Friendly Society gives ■oops for? Kot sowing hedgwo* texts sod paseins by, Not dealing f aauj counsel (com a b«mfit TbM nukea ths loveat hate It, but a volet OI comiore and an open band oi help. And for how ranch of the bops of the civilised world must we not now look to women and their work? Sometimes the Student of history as he looks back on the history of civilisation and watches the great empires of the world chase one another like great sea waves, drawing into themselves the very mass and strength of the power whose place fcfifey fine to occupy, to sink again in turn as yet another follows and absorb" them, may well lose heart as he thinks of our British race and ask himself —is its work done? Is that decay now setting in which has been the ruthless consequence of each nation's rue to its zenith ! But there comes an answer which our age can give and perhaps no age before it. Christ's gospel is only now being realised in it? fulness. Corist'« mtesase to tbo world through womanhood is hardly yet spoken. What men have failed to do who have let ains of sensuality and selfishness drain away the very strength aofl intellect of nation's as suc cess has replaced struggle and luxury has dis possessed Bifnplioicy and hardihood—failed through their very self-sufficiency—women may yet, and let us dare to believe wfi! yet succeed in doing. They may demand, and must, more real purity of life. They may and will achieve a better position for tbe poorer and more Buffering women. They will yet teach the world from the greater vantage ground which will Eooa befttheirs the lessons of self-sacrinoe and self-denial which men have yet to learn. Therefore we seed not despair of our race. Despair, indeed, how could we? For has not the Lord Christ promised to be with His Church to the end t Only let us take heed that we are faithful to His message and strive to understand the whole of it. With this view let us be thankful for the better organisation of women's work ia the Church. The sisters of the Church are already making their influence felt for good. Some of you may not share all their views. I hardly know whether I should myself be reckoned as holdbur their tenets. But is this a time to be questioning opinions? Is it not an era' in which the sharpest of dividing lines must be between, those who are for Christ and ?re against TTim t and we Churchmen cannot afford to stay and cnaoise the difference in color of the uniform in different battalions of those who serve in His ranks: Their education work is valuable indeed—and other work they have in hand as it develops will ba on example and • stimulus to other people. Persons of all denominations seam to be ready to assist them in their more direotly charitable work. A. telegram ia tbe papers tbe other day Apprised us that in Tasmania a deaconess in about to be ordained; The title tias been used so loosely that I question whether the name connotes in the minds of most people what the title really involves. But, as known in the Early Church, the deaconess was, indeed, in Holy Orders —net apart by authority with the laying on of tbe hands of the bishop, and her work wae that among women which * deacon of that time might have done among men. Ths oSce of a true deaconess is far higher then that of a eister—and the revival of the order ia one of the striking evidences of tbe recognition in onr day of the need for the ministry of women. The most ttrmge-ns eara would nted to ba taken lust in the reintroduu tion of the order of desconets there Ijo thruas on the Church the mere kindly-disposed help of those who nse the name but repudiate the office, and so by degrees the value of what should be for the gain and growth of the whole Church would tie minimisea and a great oppor tunity lost to us. With proper precautions such as evidence of a true vocation—a satis factory training—and a valid commission I should welcome the introduction of the order in this diocese. In Bach way*, my dear brethren of the clergy and laity, I believe we may do much to Rive effect to our solemn petition—" Lead us not into temptation, bat deliver us from eviL" God grant we may use the Lord's Prayer more than we have hitherto done as a prayer for tbe whole Church; and that we may humbly make it en incentive to action. The times are said to be most difficult and distressing from the point of view of material prosperity. But may w not make them times of spiritual growth? You have beard that two able clergymen are coming from England to hold a brief mission in liobsrt, Melbourne, Ade laide, and Chri&tchurch;, New Zealand. We cannot but regret the shortness of their stay, for they are earnest servants of God in Hu Church, and men of high attainments and reputation. The churches they can visit in this diocese are but few in number; but a blessing on any one parish is a blessing on others also, sad you will join, all of you, I hope, in earnest prayer to the Lord and -Giver of Life, that He may so 611 the hearts of those who speak and those who hear, that the Church in this land may realise that of a truth God ia with her, God ia her, God the Holy Ghost. To Him I now commend you. May He guide our deliberations, cuard our speech, and eanctify our thoughts. Slay we, each of us, grasp the creat fact, that we are senthere to do our heavenly .Father's work, and that we most Btrive to do it in the brave self-sacrificing spirit of His Son onr Lord and Saviour Jesas Obrist. To-day there will be a celebration of Holy Communion at the Cathedral at S a.m., and members of Synod are invited to attend. At 3 p.n>. tbe business meeting will be com menced in Holy Trinity Church schoolroom, and tbe sittings of Synod will be continued on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday in this week 