EASTER HOLI DAYS. Saturday morning broke gloomy and threatening. During three hours before the dawn the rain fell heavily, and al though gardeners may have experienced a sensation of pleasure at the thought that they would have a chance of operating, those who had made arrangements for spending their holidays in the open air were naturally disappointed. However, the weather cleared up a little in the after noon, and the North v. South eight-oared match was rowed under favourable condi tions. On Saturday night the rain fell in torrents, and there was every promise of a wet Easter Monday, but fortunately it turned out otherwise. The weather was fine throughout the day, and the hearts of pleasure-seekers were made glad. The streets of Launceston during the morning were crowded with city and country residents, but after noon they were almost deserted. The City Cycling Club sports were, of course, the great attraction in the city, but there were numerous other engagements which formed media of plea sure, and among the favoured spots visited may be mentioned the Cataract Gorge, which as usual drew a considerable number of picknickers. Appended are details of the various events which took place: SATURDAY. IvEr ExcuasroNs. -- The steamer Koonya ran an excursion to the scene of the rowing race North v. South in the afternoon and was very largely patronised. The vessel left the wharf at 2'40 p.m. and returned at five o'clock. BAILWAI ExcaRSrows.-Owing to the inclement weather there was no excursion train to Denison Gorge. SUNDAY CoaRrs CHURca (Congregational).-It had been decided that the Easter decora tions should be arranged for Sunday next. The Rev. W. Law preached on Sunday morning from Matthew xviii., 5.6, the subject being the death and resurrection of Christ. The rev. gentleman remarked that readers of the Bible must have noticed that three of the most important events recorded therein took place in gardens. When God made man in His own image and placed him in the Garden of Eden it was no doubt a place of exceeding loveliness; no doubt God had focussed into that portion of the earth much physical beauty and grandeur. But in that garden man sinned, and from henceforth the cultivation of the earth became a toil-a hard necessity. The bitter remembrance of sin was left, but although God was grieved He did not forsake man. The Son of God came, and He passed through His great agony and sorrow in the Garden of Gethsemane, on the Mount of Olives. It was a natural temple where he prayed, with skies over bead and the olive trees, fruit, and flowers around Him. In that sacred spot the great conflict took place, and Jesus was enabled to say "Father, not my will, but thine, be done," teaching to humanity that great lesson of submission to God. After Christ died on the cross, He was buried in the garden :f Joseph of Arimathmea, in a new tomb, the scene of the text,the facts concern. ing which were being disseminated through out Christendom during Easter Sunday. The preacher drew a picture of the visit of the women to the sepulchre of Christ, and the declaration to them by the angel of the resurrection, contrasting their love and joy with the fear exhibited by the keepers. Those women were forerunners of a long succession of Christians. The love of the women was the same as that shown by St. Paul and the martyrs, which had lived through centuries and taken hold of the people; it was still operating upon a larger scale than ever, building churches, establishing schools, founding missions, and teaching the young, and that love would never die, never fail until the world should be brought under the subjection of the crucified one. ST. PAuL's.-The Easter decorations at St. Paul's are invariably attractive of much interest, and although on Sunday they were not quite equal to those of former years they were greatly admired. Upon the altar, which is generally the most striking feature of the decorations, there were six vases filled with white dahlias, and a border of reeds was arranged on each side of the communion table. The screen was covered in tasty fashion with ivy and asparagus, and sur mounted with a cross of yellow dahlias, the work of which fell to the lot of Mr Allom. The lectern and pulpit were decorated with ivy, interwoven with white arbutulands, and having thereon an anchor and cross of white dahlias respectively. The fall stool was covered with moss and a white cross laid upon it, and a beautiful anchor of white everlastings lay at the base. The font looked very pretty, it being covered with moss and surmounted with a dome and cross of white pompome dahlias, anemone, and maidenhair ferns, and at the base there was a group of ferns. The pillars were entwined with ivy and the wall and windows covered with designs. The whole of the work was carried out by the members of St. Paul's Church Guild. CHuaca OF THE APOSTLEs.--The local and visiting priests were engaged in this church on Saturday hearing confessions up to a late hour at night, and as a conse quence, when the Very Rev. Dean Beechinor, who celebrated the eight o'clock mass on Sunday morning, came to the altar rails to give holy communion he found a great concourse of the faithful awaiting him. After administering the sacrament to these hundreds of people who returning to their seats in the body of the building, a large number of men, who had been sitting in one of the aisles, rose in a body and, headed by their officers, marched up to the rails. These were the members ot the St. Patrich's Branch of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society, who had come at the instruction of their chap lain (the Rev. John O'Mahony) to take their first annual communion in a body. At 11 o'clock high mass was sung by Father O'Mahony, who was assisted by the Rev. M. Mary as deacon, and the Rev. J. J. H. Quinn as sub-deacon. Dean Beechinor was master of the ceremonies, and at the last gospel he entered the pul pit. After reading the usual routine notices he referred to the feast celebrated that day, and made an appropriate dis course, in which he highly congratulated the congregation on behalf of his brother priests and himself on the devote way they had attended to the ceremonies during holy week, and then approached the altar that morning. He said that if a priest required consolation on earth he could get none greater than to witness the devotion of his flock; and he honestly confessed from his heart that the scene that morning had deeply moved him. The number of com municants was very large, and he especially referred to the great proportion of men who attended. Amongst these were the members of tnat very useful benefit society which was growing up in their midst and doing so much good. He hoped the members would per severe in the excellent work they had com menced, and he sincerely thanked all for their attendance under the difficulties of the very inclement weather. In the even ing the building was again crowded, when the priests, with the assistance of the choir, chanted the vespers. Father D. J. O'Sullivan (of the African missions) pleached a brief but eloquent sermon on the Resurrection of C'hrist, and Dean Beechinor, assisted by Father O'Mahony as deacon, and Father Mary as sub-deacon, gave the benediction. The choir sang Hadyn's Mass No. 2 at the 11 o'clock service. Misses Kenneally and Gibson and Messrs Gladstone Eyre and 11. Green taking the solos. Mrs Erskine Parker pre sided at the organ, and a full orchestra under the leadership of Mr Cecil West brook also assisted. The high altar was beautifully decorated. TAAtR STRnEET CHrucH.c-The Rev. J. G. Wright conducted the services on Sunday, and preached an impressive ser. mon in the morning from the words "God was in Christ reconciling the world unto Himself," 2nd Cor., v., 19. In the evening his subject was "The keystone of Christianity, or the resurrection of Christ," chosing for his text Acts ii., 32, "This Jesus hath God raised up, whereof we all are witnesses." He remarked that the religion of Christ appealed to the intellec tual as well as to the emotional in man, and while there were some Scriptural statements which Christians received as facts without being able to explain the "how" and '" why " there were other events clearly and logically established. Christ's resurrection belonged to the latter class. The preacher then dwelt upon the presumptive evidence afforded by the circumstances of Christ's burial, the testimony of the apostles, the descent of the Holy Ghost on the church, and the existence of the church to-day each and all of these points went to prove that Christ rose from the dead. In an animated and earnest appeal the hearers were exhorted to study the character and follow the example of the crucified, but now risen Saviour. CHnunca oF C?sIisT CONFERENCE.-The conference of the above church was held at Temperance Hall, York-street, on Good Friday and Saturday. Present-J. G. Price (chairman), and the following dele gates :--lMiessre 1 C. Fairlam, Latrobe; G. Smith, North Hobart; WVm. Donaldson, evangelist, Hobart; J. G. Price, D. Duft, E. Wood, T. Hodgson, W. Duft, W.J. Tomkinson, Launceston. Also a number of the brothers and sisters of the church at Launceston. Many other delegates were expected, but could not attend owing to insufficient notice being given them. Mr J. G. Price opened the meeting with prayer, and also gave an outline of the reasons why the conference was convened, the chief being the advisableness of co operating in obtaining an evangelist to spread the Gospel. The conference unanimously agreed that it was the best course to adopt, and recommended it to a committee consisting of one member of each of the eleven churches in Tasmania Mr R. ,C. Fairlam was elected president of the next conference, to be held at Hobart on Good Friday, 1895, and the fol lowing were appointed vie-presidents : Messrs J. Wooley, Bream Creek ; J. Byard, Mole Creek; Mr Wheeler, Hobart; conference secretary, W. J. Tomkinson. After the usual votes of thanks to the ladies for providing refreshments, and to the chairman, the meeting was closed with prayer. ST. JoHN's COHnca.--Special Easter services ware held on Sunday. There were three celebrations of the Holy Communion at 8, 10, and 11, and a special children's service in the afternoon. The Rev. R. C. N. Kelly was the prsscher at the morning service and the Rev. F. Parnall in the evening. The church was most tastefully decorated with white flowers. The Mis sion House and St. Oswald's, Trevallyn, were also suitably decorated, and services conducted in the evening by Rev. R. C. N. Kelly and Mr C. Fawns. At Franklin Villiage the Holy Communion was cele brated at 11 by the Rev, S. Ingle, who also officiated in the evening and at Breadal bane in the afternoon. RIVER ExcuRsaoNs.-The stesmer Cen tennial made a trip to Rosevear's in the afternoon, but was only moderately patronised. The vessel left the wharf at 2"35 p.m., and returned a few minutes after six o'clock. The Koonya's trip to the same place was cancelled. BAND CoNorEw.-In the evening the St. Joseph's Band gave a sacred concert in the City Park, when there was a good atten dance. A special programme of music was rendered in first-class style. RAILwAY EsxcUesIoNs.-An excursion train was run from Deloraine and Ulver stone to Launceston. and was well patron ised, among the passengers being a number of excursionists from Melbourne, who are on a tour to the N.W. Coast by the Union Company's steamer Waihora. MONDAY Ixvwn ExceussoNs.-The number of people who took advantage of a trip down the river yesterday did not exceed more than 800, which is very small considering that there were three boats running, all at cheap fares, but other attractions on shore no doubt accounted for the poor patronage accorded the steamers. The first vessel to leave was the Coogee, which cast off from the wharf at 8"30 a.m. with barely 200 on board, and proceeded to Beauty Point, where passengers were landed and em barked. The Coogee then steamed out to Barren Joey Island, clearing Tamar Heads at 12,5 p.m. There were a large number of seals and penguins on the island, and the sight presented was a splendid one. The steamer entered Tamar Heads at 2'10 p.m., and after a stay at Beauty Point left for town, arriving along side the New Pier exactly at six o'clock after a pleasant day's outing. The Italian string band accompained the steamer. The steamers Koonya and Centennial left the wharf about 9 a.m., each very poorly patronised, for George Town and Beacons field. Both vessels returned to town about half past six. The steamer Warrentinna returned to Launceston shortly after 11 o'clock last night from a four days' trip to the N.W. Coast, which was accomplished without any mishaps, but unfortunately the weather most of the time was inclement, although the excurtionists had a very pleasant time otherwise, and Captain R. A. Hall, his chief officer (Mr Wadsley), and the stewardess (Miss O'Neil), are all to be con gratulated for their kind attention to pas sengers during the trip, and for the ex cellent arrangements made for their com fort. The vessel was under charter to the City Band, and this splendid combination was well received at the coast ports where they played, and the band, it is understood, have been able to clear all expenses in connection with the trip, which was un doubtedly a big venture at this time of the year. Referring to the trip of the band our Burnie correspondent wrote yesterday: \--On Sunday morning o ing to the boisterous state of the weather, the City Band and excursionist by Warrentinna, left for Ulverstone by seven vehicles, as it was uncertain if the steamer could have gone into the Leven owing to the high sea running in the Straits. 