'SAID THE BARBER!' She Barter la'craliBeth ovor the Blcier iUBe ant. 'jpirKlltagB of the HsnVbers for Eas* fcfir.jy anil Flinaera; ho deiueeth rr.erorrom the Unvriedom of ProteotlouJDf i censuring the TaotioB of tha !';??? :'-'..:lors, and Suggeetoth that thev :???:?,:;?. the rather let these ftlloged '£c-i':iniers' oonttaue fciclser Ine to the o-.v,i..:;t, of ditruption. He also oiEOOursoth at eoms length on the owswd creating our ovm Eddy the powerful Chairman of a big British Eftilway Ooiapaay ; he wgretteth the aet'.oa ly Jffr- Justice Witdeysr in itarding Bponcor for Mrs. Spook- raiaiEg Mellon, sad aftorwards dlcceEsoth esn&ry; other Seems. 'I SEE that Mr. Keid's meeting at North Sydney resulted in more bickerings between the members for Flinders and Hast Sydney,' Remarked the Barber, aa ho t'pped my chair up to the proper tonsorial angle, ' 1 see that tho Promier accuircd Winders of being chucked over by tho Freetrade, Land, and Eoform League, of which William Harding is 'perpetual grand' and corresponding secretary. Mr. Wise thereupon asked Mr. Harding to kindly inform him whether euch things could be, whereupon the ' perpetual grand' hastened to assure Hingnose that Mr. Reid's allegations were perfectly untrue, aad that the land-reforming executive desired to express ite unabated confi dence in him (Mr. Wise) a3 president. Why Idrawattcntion to this bickering busi ness is that it the ' Great Freotmdo Party ' were left severely alone, that inchoate mob ?would very soon, fall to .pieces through the jeatouey of its leaders. Bat, whenever a row commences, Bibbs, or tome other fatuous and equally fatal friend, upends himeelf and en tiscis the rival ducks ? ' 'Anil who might 'ducks' be/' I queried. ' Ducks 1 Latin for ' leaders,' ' replied Ihe liarber. ' ' l'lural of ' Dux '— ? duces,' ' I politely le marked. . « ' Oli, the dence is it ,'' said tho Barber, who evidently did not fancy the correction. ' What 1 want to direct attention to is t':h ? I bat the Opposition ducks, or deuce:', .?-? whatever you call 'em, should let the Freetraders alone, instead of which what do wo find ( Why, only last week Sir George Dibbs, as leader of tho Opposition, tabled ? direct' rote of censure on the Ministry by moving that the Land and In come Tax Assessment Bill be read that day four months. And irhat was' the con toqnence! Why Wise and all the recalci trant Freetraders rallied to the support of the Government, and. Uibbs was defeated by f-2 votes to 17. If Dibbe would only leave 'em alone, he'd do better than moving his votes of censure.' ' PerhapB you are right,' I assented. 'Of course I'm right,' calmly rejoined the little Barber, 'ain't it plain? Here's tho secretary o£ the North. Sydney Branch Ke form League bucking up Reid against Wise, while the secretary of the parent league backs Wise against Beid. 1'hcir internecine fquabblc* would soon smash their leagues uere it not for the ill-advised action of members of the Opposition who actually force them, in self-defence, to coalesce. Of course, you must have noticed, sir, how beautifully llie daily papers fell in over the rumored ap pointment of Mr. Eddy to the Chairmanship of the Hoard of Directors of the South Eastern Railway Company. You've been in England, sir, and no doubt you'll agree with me that the Chairman of Directors of an English railway company is not tho General Manager, Besides, ha has to be qualified as a large shareholder, be must also be a man of cood social Btandinff, and he in generally a well-known member of the House of Commons. No wonder, then, that the Directors of the Sooth-Eastern Railway Company, ?when interviewol on the subject, Uocw nothing about it. That cablegram had been ' faked 'all right. You're a newspapor man, and, I desaay, you understand (morc'n you care about letting on) all about ' faking' cablegrams. No. sir, Mr. Hallway Guard Uddy hue neither jumped the claim ot Kir Edward Watkih, Bart., M.P., nor of Sir MyleB Kentou, one of the best known experts in railway matters to be found in Great Britain. tYlicn it's all over, 1 fancy you will find that all this hlfalntih' business has been gotten up EolhatthoFreetradc-lmpcrial-crimsoa- thread connection party can rush round and pub licly deplore the loss to the colony of such a great man!' At this juncture the Barber performed some mysterious manipulations - with the summit of ray cranium, during the progress of which he flew off at a tangent' :— 'Kam start tlinfcof Sir William IVindeyer coming forrard tc give Mrs. Jlcllon a clean gheot over the ' spook ' manifestation busi ness 3 iibo the ward ' business ' advisedly, because it it a money-making concern, as I observe that Mr. Percy Wnkefield states publicly he was charged £.1 for admission to a scries of seances. Now, 1 hold that Judge Windeyer has placed himself in a very false and utterly untenable position. Here he is haoliing 'Up Mrs. Mellon, a Belf-advnTtised B)-ouk - later and manifCBtotion-prtilucer. AcccrtHsjg to Mr, Wakefield Mrs, Uellon cfettrj'* for the ipook - raising bnrineBs, and what I want to draw attention tto is this— Hero is the ipook-rsiBing Mrs. Mfellon taken nnder tho -proteotinK wing of a^udge of the Supreme Court, whereas if Madame Eomebody- or-Other to hauled np brfoie a Stipendiary Magistrate or & District Court Judge, charged with fortune-telling or ghost-, raising, or any other Innocent little pastime of 'raising the wind,' instead of being 'pro tected,' that unfortunate woman get* sent to Darlinghunt. Seems to me that there's one law lor wives ol Civil Servants and people who aie in Society and another for the poor devils who ain't in. Society at all. Did yon remark tlie quiet manner in which tho Oardinal dealt with Bir William . Wlndeyer in this connection 1 He recommended that the special judge and the special jury that tried this spook business should t« *??-»?? nnapjtbe pomp for a short time. I'd like to see Judge Windeyer held under the town pump for a while and the Cardinal working the handle. '1' would bo batter than any pantomime. What a crowd it would fetch to be sure?' Ihe Barber, having finished a dissertation on the best meanB ot deleting the super* fluous growth of hair from the eats, then turned his. attention, to the unemployed question ;— 'Taken to orating again up at the Statne, I see,' he remarked, 'and the old, old game, I find, with the same old wearisome gags. And they are always new chumB, who head the3e agitations 1 Whitewashed Yankee cooks who want to run the darned country right straight away. We are far too good to these gentry out here. In Yankeeland they won't let the critters land unless they have enough cash in hand to keep them going for a few weeks. Here we welcome them with open arms, find them in free rations, and allow them to stump the country and rail at the adminis trators of tho Government ai Hb. There they are not allowed the rights and. privileges of citizenship until they are naturalised, which cannot be achieved until they have resided n certain time in the country. Here we give them rations — bread, meat, tea, and sugar — and these white washed new chums parade these good, whole some victuals up at tho Statue and offer to wager they could cat tho whole boiling n one day— two loaves of bread and three-and- a-half pounds ^£ meat — not a bad feed for a greasy, unwashed, and unwholesome Yiankee loafer. These men won't go up ceuntry and work— they must hang about the city and be kept in idleness. In consequence of these men placing them selves on top, the real, respectable men who arc genuinely out of work are judged by the scum which always rise? to the surface in times of popular efferves cence and fermentation. These professional agitators don't like the bread and meat rations at all. They want to bo supplied with tickets for meals, good, square, three course meals, and a free pass apiece to one of the thowa to wiud up with.' ' But there are a number of men honestly seeking employment, you must remember,' I remarked, ' Exactly so, and that is just what makes their case so much the harder. They get judged by the silly speeches and the rude remarks of their leaders. Vou take it from me, sir, that the men who speak at the Statue are better off for grub than. the majority of the people who listen to tha hog wash eo liberally poured forth there, and who are induced to hold up their hands to signify their confidence in, and their appreciation of, the speakers. Ugh 1 it makes me sick.' 'Like a little something on the 'air, sir, yessir.' continued toe little Barber, bb he anointed my scalp with some unguent or other, ' I observe that the Hetrenchment Tarty has popped up again. Docked two screws the first night, and then ran off the course. Retrenching is like the let ting out of water, or dram-drinking. People who once commenca it never know where to Btop. The Government starts a cable tram-iiue to run in op position to the 'busses— then the JBa» Company cuta down tho wages of their drivers eo as to run against the trams. By and bye the Government will have tlo cut their drivers down so as to run against the 'burees. It all works in a circle, don't you sse? ' Tho 'bu=BCB and tbe trams act and re-act on each other. I don't eee tbe justice though of not retrenching the £flOO a year jokers, including membsrsof Parliament themselves. If I'd my way,' added the Uarber reflectively, 'I'd dock all screws over £160 per annum 10 per cent, Governor, Judges^md all, and I'd let no man hold two or thTce billets.' 'Well, but hftBQ't Mt. Keid promised he'll see that none of them are allowed to have more than one paid appointment ?' ' Yah I Promised 1 Come, 1 like that— and does that satiety you ?' eaid the Barber as he savagely snapped his scissors, ' Pro mises may satisfy vou, but they don't fill HE. I've had promises made me before now.' ' Politics is a queer dart when you come to consider it in all its bearings,' continued the Uarber. ' When a Protectionist Government gets in power, hang me if they'll go in for scientific 1'rotection for fear of alienating their Freetrade supporters, consequently they offend their Protectionist friends. Same way when a Fre»,trade Ministry succeeds to oQice. I'm blessed if they don't continuo Protection in order to conciliate tlteir Protectionistallies, and so oxasporale their Freetrade following. Here's Mr. Reid afraid to touch tbe Tariff until the middle of nest year, on top of which he's just assured a number of Protec tionist sy mpathisers that the Duty on Wheat will not be removed until the end of next December, if it is removed even then. Again, our butter export trade is to h° 'assisted'— not 'protected,' you undor' stand, although the difference is immaterla ? something similar to that between 'tweedledum and tweedlcdee.' The meat export trade, too, is also to be 'assisted' on equally favorable' Freetrade ' lines. Lor' blesB us, there don't appear to be much to choose between the two parties. Vested interests and rooted m*n( polieu role both, 1 expect. 1 feel inclined to exclaim with ' Heroutio * A. plagaQtin both your H4U55G. whenever I think of the blather expended by each of the rival parties. Gir George Diblis, I reckon, is just as sound on Protection as Mr. Keid is *n Freetrade, and the small boy who would chalk ? Rats ' on the front duor of each political leader wonld not bofaront,even-ifabittoo cheeky. Wemust find that small hoy ; chalk's always obtain able at any billiard saloon. By the way, did you see how Varney Parkes dressed Mr. 3. E. Yonng down up at Knfield. Baid he was a corpse among a eet of live men in the UiniBtry, or words to that effect. Openly hinted that Young was as fit to administer tbe great department ef Public Works as a naked blackfellow from the South Bea islands was to he chairman of the London Count; Council. A bit warmish, not to say rather rooky, wasn't itf But not undeserved. By all accsuntB Mr. Yonng is unfitted to handle anything mere weighty than a sack of spuds. If Mr. Held wants bis Ministry to last he'd better' weed Mr. Tonne ent of hie team as expeditiously »x possible.' 'What a e° that mast have been np»t Warrah Station,' said the .Barber, bb be brushed the collar «f my coat, -- when the Chinese shearers struck work because three Caucasian free laborers were employed. The ChlnkieBare rare copyist*, and I believe they downed shears and stood up for-their alleired rights as solidly as any Unionist* conld have done. Warrah la a nice little freehold ol a quarter ot a million, acres, and belongs to the great A. A. Company. It* worth £6 an acre, and is used for runnini sheep on only. Most ot the shareholders arg Bootch, £0, in order to swell the dividendee the shepherds, shearers, and_cooks are all Ohlnese 