NATIVE BIRDS' PROTECTION. We have received several letters offering additional testimony to the uselessness of a close season which does not protect the birds during what the writers have found to be the breeding season. It is scarcely necessary to publish these in view of the statement con- tained in Mr. W. D. Armstrong's letter in our issus of Thursday last, that the Colonial Secretary has promised to proclaim the close season for all parts of the colony from the 1st September to the 31st March. It is, however, interesting to notice that the dates thus selected correspond exactly with those men- tioned in a letter received from Gympie, which contains the following passage : "Twenty-six years ago, long before any Birds' Protection Act was passed in Queensland, the residents of this district who took an interest in the subject formed an association, and fixed a close season for their own observance, com- mencing on the 1st of September and ending on the 31st of March. Having ever since regu- larly shot and observed the habits of ducks and quail, they now see no reason why the above period of rest should be altered — at least in this district. The first Native Birds' Protection Act was, I believe, on the above lines, and it was fairly well observed for several years, because no one then had any difficulty in knowing when the close season commenced and ended. It lasted during the hot months. But some four or five years since a number of gentlemen, who did not pretend to move with the object of protecting the birds, but honestly stated that they wanted to have a shot during the Christmas holidays, persuaded the then Colonial Secretary to open the season on the 20th December. Since then the Act has been generally treated as a dead letter, for the simple reason that few people in the bush could tell when the close season commenced and ended, and no attempt was made by the authorities to enforce the law. As a matter of fact, I know some police stations where duoks have been shot all the year round, and the con- stables in charge did not know the close season." MORETON REGIMENT. The quarterly muster of the five Brisbane companies forming the 1st Battalion of the Moreton llîgiment took place at Boundary street on Saturday afternoon. Considering the heavy storm that came up, the attendance over 200 out of an establishment of under 250 was very good. Owing to the unsettled weather it was decided not to leave the drill shed, where, however, a careful inspection was made and the men put through rifle exercise. The commanding officer (Lieutenant-Colonel J. Gartside) announced that, this being the last daylight parade for 1891, the corps would now enjoy their usual summer holiday of about two months, after which he hoped they would all resume work with renewed vigour. The other officers present were Major Green, Captains Turner, McFarlane, Owen, and Koch, Lieu- tenants Mellish, Girling, Coxen, Pryor, Hookings, Pierson, Clatworthy, McSwaine, Dods, and McMorland, TECHNICAL COLLEGE PICNIC. About 250 students, examiners, members of committee, teachers, and friends of the Bris- bane Technical College brought the session to a close on Saturday by an outing down the river in the Otter. Sports and tes had been arranged for at Lytton. Unfortunately the heavy thunderstorm interfered with the pro- gramme and Lytton was reached in drenching rain. Mr. D. Slawson, who had provided for the party, conveyed the eatables on board, and under some difficulty the good things were disposed of. The prizes for the sports given by Messrs. Foster and Kalk, Finney, Isles, and Co., Flavelle, Roberts, and Sankev, Watson, Ferguson, and Co., Gordon and Gotch, J. H. Thompion and Co., and Thomas Collins were perforce reserved for a future occasion. Towards evening the storm cleared off, and all on board agreed with the greatest good nature to make the best of their disappointment. SATURDAY'S STORM. The excessive heat of Saturday morning suggested the approach of a thunderstorm, but it was not expected that one of such a severe nature as came up rapidly during the afternoon would be experienced. Within half-an hour after the first suspicion of a storm was noticeable in the west, it broke over the city with great fury. The rain fell in torrents, the lightning was vivid and frequent, and the thunder loud. So near was the electrical dis- turbance, indeed, that several places were struck by lightning, and so loud were the crashes of thunder that a good deal of fear was occasioned in many households. That some reason existed for such apprehensions was shown by the effect of the storm in George-street, where the lightning struck the shop occupied by Mr. James Webster, portmanteau manufacturer. The electric current was attracted to a large ornament on the top of the building, which is two stories high. The ornament was torn away, and a large hole was made in the corrugated iron of the roof, a chair was broken to atoms, and the current passed through the floor and spent itself. A number of bricks were displaced from the top of the wall and were thrown on to the middle of the road, fortunately without causing any mishap in the street. Mr. Webster slates that it is his custom to spend Saturday afternoon on the veranda seated in the chair that was broken to pieces. Last Saturday he was fortunately not in his usual place, owing to the fact that his attention was required in his shop. At the time of the accident he was standing near the water-table in front of his establishment, with a friend, and had just time to pull his friend aside to escape the falling bricks, &c.; There was no lightning conductor attached to the premises. A tree at Indooroopilly was struck by lightning, and a slice extending about 30ft. was stripped off the trunk as it by a knife. The many Saturday afternoon amusements were con- siderably marred by the storm; the cricket matches were interfered with ; excursions were made less pleasant ; tennis was played under difficulties, and though the yacht race took place in the river, as announced, very little enjoyment could be obtained either by the com- peting crews or the spectators. NEW-PATENTS. The following applications for letters patent having been received by the Registrar of Patents were notified in Saturday's "Govern- ment Gazette":— M. Byan, of Queen-street, Melbourne, Victoria, sheep-shearer, "Im- provements in sheep-shearing machines." H. M. Meredith, of Mookisprings, Quirindi, New South Wales, station manager, "Improve- ments in apparatus for boring and drilling earth and rock." J. W. Turpin, of Hiamdale, near Rosedale, Viotou'a, farmer, and T. Pearce, of Isabella Grove, St. James's Park, Hawthorn, Victoria, engineer, "A new or improved scoop or appliance for the removal of earth and other materials." C. J. Cooze, of Carterton, New Zealand, carriage-trimmer, " Improve- ments in window sashes and in apparatus for hanging the same." W. Troutbeck, of Patrick street, Stawell, Victoria, engineer, " Improve- ments in rock drills," J. Curtin, of Lygon Street, Carlton, Victoria, builder and manu- facturer, " Improvements in ventilation ap- paratus." J. J. Moore, of Guthrie- street, Paddington, Brisbane, Queensland, merchant, "Improved milk cooler and aerator." M. Simmons, of Haymarket, Sydney, New South Wales, tobacco manufacturer, "An improved box or pocket case for cigarettes, cigars, und such shaped goods." THE CHARGE OF MURDER. The man Edward Johnson, who was on Thursday night arrestad on su -picionof having murdered Margaret Lovel, waa again brought up at the City Pulice Court on Sam day morning, and remanded lill Friday on lhe application of Sub- inspector Nethercote. We understand that the stomach and contents of the deceased woman have been handed to the Government Analyse, Mr. J. B. Henderson, for analysis. VICTORIA PARK HOSPITAL. The various local bodies about Brisbane have received notice from the Colonial Secretary that a sum of £707 3s. (id. has to be met by them in proportion to population on account of expen- diture in connection wich the Viotoria Park Hospital. Some of the districts levied upon have contributed no measles or scarlet fever patients, as for instance Bulimba, Beenleigh, Cleveland, Enoggera, Indooroopilly, Redcliffe, Sherwood, Sandgate, Waterford, Wynnum, and, Yeerongpilly. On ibis point the Minister is of opinion " that the districts contiguous to infected localities should be called upon to pay a proportion of the cost incurred by the Government, seeing that but for the conveniences provided and the precautions taken (including the removal of patients to the hospital, or their segregation) the epidemic would in nil probability have extended into the adjacent areas." The area covered by the levy includes Caboolture on the north and Nerang on the pouch. Out of the gross amount expended £611 lG.-i.has been paid for maintenance, £G5 5s. 6d. for bedding, £24 2s. rent of cottage, and £60 for superintendence. The period covered is part of 181)3-94. Among the principal looal authorities levied upon may be mentioned North Brisbane with 25,889 inhabitants £173 Cä. lid., South Brisbane with 22,180 inhabitants £148 10s. 9102 inhabitants £61 6s. lid., Booroodabin with 5328 inhabitants £35 13<. Gd., and Windsor with 5000 inhabitants £33 Os. Gd. It will bo seen that the ability to pay the levy has been given second place. INTERNATIONAL CRICKET MATCH. The committee selected to pick the Queens- land team to play against the All England Eleven (Älessrs. Roberts, Holstesd, and J. V. FrancU), wera severely handicapped in their task by the thunderstorm on Saturday after- noon. Only 10 runs had been scored when the heavy rain drove the players from the field and swamped the ground, This was most unfortu- nate, as the committee were very anxious to seo the performances of three or four of the players before finally deciding upon the eleven. However, they have temporarily seleo:e thirteen men. This course was considered advisable, as during the practice this week while two men are batting eleven can be placed in the field, and there is no doubt the men cannot have too much practice in fielding. The names of the players selected are:-A. Coningham, W. Bradley, J. Oarlton, J. S. Drape, H. Freeman, O. A. Hitchcock, W. Hoare, Ä. Macdonald, P. S. M'Donnell, W. W. Mc'Glinchey, J. McMlllan, R. O'Brien, and G. W. Pierce. It will be noticed that seven first class bowlers and two wicket-keepers are included amongst these players. The state of Bradley's injured band seems to justify the committee in selecting Hitchcock, as should the former while behind the sticks receive a blow on his finger or thumb, he could hardly expect to show his best form with the bat, and the team might find themselves minus a wioket- keeper, an event which they think should be guarded against at all hazards. The players are requested to turn out to practise at the Exhibition Ground to- day and Tuesday and Wednesday at 2.30 punctually, and the committee expect lo pee every man selected on the ground. The committee, we are assured, greatly regret having to leave out many good and tried men, but this was unavoidable, and, we understand, they were unanimous in tbe selection of the thirteen named. CADETS' CONCERT. A very successful concert was given by the members of the Indooroopilly Cadet Band in aid of the band funds in ihe Indooroodilly State Souool on Friday night. The attendance waB very fair. Mr. J. Holdsworth (vice president of the band) occupied the chair. The first pirt of the programme toole the form of a Christy minstrel performance. Mr. E. Henley as interlocutor m ably assisted by Messrs. Arthur Bryer and Frank Smith (bones) and Messrs. Bert Crawley and Harry Jarman (tambos). The opening chorus "Riñe th. Banjo" was given by the company «Th. Death of Nelson" by Captain Spencer BroT was, certainly the gem of the even in" the captain being in g00a voice .,«1 singing with his customary sweetness and expression. ' Captain Koch Rave a successful rendition of " A Soldier and a Man." j]r li E. Jarman sang " The Mountebanks." Barn Jarman sang the popular jubilee melodr "Climb Up." Arthur Bryer sang "Feedins her Face." Frank Smith was very successful in his rendition of »Bu bye, baby," after which the first part' was brought to a conclusion by the aniusinit' unala " Cio-ar's Ghost." Alter the interval Major Le Vaux intimated that'ho had received a letter from his Excellency the Governor, for- warding the medals to the successful com-1 petitors in the recont match with the Brisbane'1 Grammar School Cudete, and enclosing two! cheques for throe guineas and one guinea1 Captain Koch presented the medals and cheques with a few words of commendation. A squad of cadets under Li»uioi:aut Percy'Le Vaux gave au exhibition of physical drill which was followrd by the sailor's hornpipe' whioh was well danced by Messrs. Henley and Kindness. Bandmaster Barkus played selec- tions on the violin in a finished munner. Bert Crawley appeared in an Imh speciality, and had to respond to several encores. Me.=3rs. Henley and Kindnessgavo a very amusing double song and plantauon dance, after whioh the pro- gramme concluded with a very laughable farce entitled "Rehearsing Exposed." The roora was then cleared fer dancing. FROZEN MEAT TEADE. A Pentland squa'tcr has furnished (he Northern uiner mia a copy of the account soles of a shipment of frozen beef from Towns- ville io Hamburg, which is as follows: Retuiiks op 400 Tons or Beep Sold to Geusianv: By 836.000 beef at 23d. per lb., ¿'10.2(36 10s. ia.; 87,800 tallow at ¿'25 per ton, ¿'121 17s. Od.; 12,0 tongues at Is. each. Ü'iO ; 12u0 hides at 8s. each, 1M80. Total, £11,220 1 Js. lOd. To company's consolidated char-es ou 806,0001b. of beoE at 2 3/161. per lb., £8166 13s. 4d,¡ freight to Hamburg on 890,0001b. of beaf at *d. vor Ib., ¿".MU 6s. 8d.; rendering and casking 42,0001b of tallow at ijd. pi'i' lb., ¿"131 5s ¡ capitation feo on 1200 bullocks at 5s. each, ¿300; freisht nnd in. surance on 87,8001b. of tallow at 60s. portón, ÍÜ 3a. 9d.; lurbour dues on 40.) tons of beef at 2s, per ton, A'iO; expenses, ¿-91)13 8s. 9d. Balance, ¿'16lo 2s. Id. Hie alovo Cifrares show that the 1200 bullocks gave a return of a fraction under 27-. per head. Now, oalculate the Turakina cargo a 2d. per li)., and, not inoludlnp; in the chargea any extra freight to Hamburp;, would give a return of 11s. Cd. per head for 2,400 bullock", or SOO tons of beef. Your readers must si ill take into consideration further réductions on those values; for I have not included, fir want of data, loss in interest, trade allowances, rent in England at the rate of £1 per ton a month after thirty days, as included in con- solidated charges," delivery of cattle at works by road and rail, and many other ospuise? well known to those unfortunate and spirited; men who still ship under such depressing eon-< ditions that still exist. In conclusion, if the, charges aro not very extensively 1 educed so that a return net of Id. alb-, also the hide and tallow oon be returned to the grower, it must be patent lo any observer that the end the induptrv is in sight. ' The following ia the statement for the month endins Thursday, 29th November, 18 showing the amount of Treasury notes issued, coin held by Colonial Treasurer, and Treasury billa vested in trustees, published in terms of, clause 5 of 56 Victoria No. 37 :-Amount of Treasury notes issued and circulated, £772,028; ooin held by Colonial Treasurer, £430,3(51; Treasury bills vested in trustees, £1,000,000. An unusual accident occurred at Petrie'si Bight last evening. A Lutwyche 'bus was descending the incline in the Bight nt a fast rate when the off horse got one of his slioss oaught in the tram rail and fell. The driver.*' did all he could to stop the vehicle at once, but» though the baok wheels were almost blocked' with the brake, it ran a distance ot abou thirty feet before it could be stopped, dragRing the horse along under it. The vehicle waa oventually pushed back off the horse. On the anirn ti getting up the blood flowed freely from its kuees and several placea on the hind legs, which were skinned. Indeed, the wounds were so deep that the bone was plainly visible. Tim shoo had boen wrenched off by the tram rall. The suffering horse was driven to the stand and afterwards to the stables, where its wounds were attended to. The quarterly muster of the Brisbane Field Battery, Queensland Artillery, was held at the Adelaide-street Drill-shed on Saturday after- noon, under the command of Captain Houghten. Captain Hely was also present. Thirty-five non- commissioned officers and men, including the instructor (Sergeant-major Catchpole), turned out. The atteruoon was spent in instruction in laying with Scott's telescopic sight. Mr. Wraggo issued the followiug special forecast from Capernba at 11 o'olocl; last night :-As far as we can form our conclusions from local data, occasional heavy thunder- storms will be experienced in various parts of Queensland, chiefly, however, in the ¡uland districts west of the ranges, and also in parca of New South Wales. The ordinary meeting of the Cleveland Divisional Board on Saturday was held at the private residence of the ohairrnan, in conse- quence of the severe accident Mr. Pink met with over a month ago rendering him incapable of attending at the Board Hall. air. Pink is progressing very favourably, but has bad a most trying time, the nature of the Injuries to his shoulder making it impossible for him to lie down Mr. Pink, howtvor, hopes to be able' to get about »gain m a week's time. In consequence of the proceedings in the Assembly on Friday night \he Governor roierted to his original intention io accompany Miss Norman in the Cintra on Saturday. He will return to Brisbane on the Stn instant. A "Government Gazette" extraordinary was issued on Saturday, appointing the Hon. Sir A. H. Pulmer.K.O.M.G., lobeDeputy- Governor during the temporary absence of the Governor in Sydney. A petition has been filed for the liquidation of the estate of William Wickham, Gympie, hotelkeeper, now out of business. Agcueial meeting of creditors will be held at the office of Messrs. Tozer and Conwell, solicitors, Gympie, on the 17ch instant, at 3 p.m. Liabilities £4Gi) 2s. 3d. A petition has also been filed for the liquidation of the estate ol Mathias Ealmund, tradiuR at Howard, Torbanlea, and Childers as baker and general storekeeper. A general meeting of creditors will be held at the oüke of Messrs. M'Grath and Corser, solicitors, Mary- borough, on the 17ih instant, at 11 a.m Liabilities £IG30 4s. 8d. Christmas Present.«, Toys, Fancy Gooda, China, and Glassware, grtat variety and low prioè. Carew, Gardner, and BillingtouV* The following change has taken place in the firm of Brabant and Co. of this city. D. Cotton,ol Melbourne, and Mr. John Attbur, who was for some time a partner of Joan Connell and Co.. Sydney, have joined the juin, and Mr. G. It. Fife, who has been m Brisbane for the last three years, will shortly return io England to resume the management ol i-e firm's London boute. Men's and Boys' Clothing now being send at Finney, Isles, and Co.'s at less thiutne real wholesales pnocs. See and juflge yourself. We have received Messrs- Warwick ana Sapsford's useful little "Traveller's Guide mr December, containing train, tram, ana lares, with other information, corrected to aw«. Between 8 and 9 p.m. on "Friday last, a pair of horses drawing an omnibus galloped along Stanley-Btreet at a fast rate. As the runawav s ncared the Farmers' Arms Hotel, Constable Seaton, who was on duty in Stanley-street, heard horses galloping, and, seeing the omnibus nt some distance, at once prepared to stop the horses. This he could not well do without r-etting into the vehiole, and as the horses dashed past him he succeeded in catching hold of the guard-iron on tho step, and got inside. Luckily, the reins had not been detached from the back of the seat, and the constable, catch- ing hold of them, soon brought the runaways to a standstill. Shortly afterwards the driver of the vehicle appeored on the scene, and informed the constable that hut horses had taken fright at the fireworks at the Junction and bolted. How they had galloped two miles without an accident is marvellous, as there was tt good deal of traffic obout at tho time. The omnibus and horses are the property of Mr. Winterbottom, and belong to the West End Hue. A large gathering assembled in the Caledonia Society and Burns Club's Rooms last Friday to celebrate the anniversary of St. Andrew. The event took the form of a smoke concert, and if the number present be any criterion, Scotsmen have manifestly no inclination to allow the annual festival to die out in Queensland. A most complete and varied programme was gone through, to which the followiug vooalists contributed :-Messrs. Morrison, Hausmann, M'Donald, Bowden, Cruickshank, and Mr. Wyatt, who was deservedly encored. All the singers were well reoeived. Games of draughts, dominoes, <$rc, were indulged in during the evening, light refreshments being provided by the committee. Altogether a most enjoyable entertainment was afforded, which was brought to a close at 11 p.m. by the singing of " Auld Lang Syne." It is intended to hold similar entertainments monthly during the summer months. Ladies' and Children's Trimmed and Un trimmed Hats. Seo the styles, prices, and value, at Finney, Isles, and Co.'s, and be surprised.* We (says the Bundaberg Hail of Friday) learn from Mr. A. S. Frew, surveyor, who has just returned from the Proserpine and Mackay sugar districts, that the vendors thero, who are cutting and selling their lands on deferred pay- ment, are, in cases where the deeds will be re- quired to hand over to Government for the purpose of obtaining a central mill, granting the doeuments and taking a seoond mortgage for the balance of the unpaid purchase money, It thus appears that rather than lose the chance of getting a mill, landowners up North are content to stand in the position of second mortgagees. Most people, we think, will com- mend this course as worthy of imitation. The Post and Telegraph Department notifies;-"Adelaide advises cabio Hongkong Arooy restored." Calicoes, Muslins, and Household Drapery for Cluistmas replenishing, the best value pro- curable, at Carew, Gardner, and Billmgton's.* The following is the report of the Salva* tion Army Homes, Brisbane, for the past week ¡-Prison Gate Brigade Home, Breakfast Creek road : Inmates in home at the begin- ning of the week, 16 ; sinoo admitted, 4 ; sent to situations, Q; left of own accord, 2; remaining in home, l8. Rescued Sisters' Home, Milton: Inmates in home at the beginning of the woek, 14 women and 4 ohildren ; since admitted, 1 woman and 1 child ; sent to situa- tion, 1 woman and 1 child ; remaining in home, 14 women and 4 children. Maternity Home, Karmaaby Hill : Inmates in home at the beginning of the week, 14 women and 7 children ; since admitted, 1 woman and 2 children'; re- maining in home, IS women and 9 ohildren. For Calicoes, Sheetings, Flannelettes, Towels, Linen», &c;, &o.;, just compare Finley, Isles, and Co.'s Goods with others. You will be surprised at the beautiful sound new goods you can get there at prices frequently paid for poor shoddy.* The steamer Beaver made one of her usual trips on Saturday last. Owing to the unsettled appearance of the weather she was not as well patronised as, no doubt otherwise would have been the case. However, a fair number were on board, and with the exoeption of the thunder squall, whiob was met with in the outer cutting on the return journey, an enjoyable time was spent. The yachts were net near Lytton, Mr. Thomas Beasley, colporteur, writing under date 26th November from Eidsvold, makes the following report :-We left Childers on the 11th October. On our arrival at Bundaberg we took in a stock of Bibles and books. We sold a good number of the latter tn the South Sea boys on the plantations in tho Wongarra Scrub. At Burnett He-ads we aldressed the school ohildren on the Sabbath and preached at niiibt ; the place was crowded. Among the plantations and at Fairymead we cuukly disposed of all the large print Bibles ve were able to get from Brisbane. Our magio lantern entertainments were well attende I around Bundaberg. We made the largest sules ol Bibles and books we have made anywhere for some time at Bingera plantation, and had the privilege of preaching to a large audience. Among the farmers the advantages of cane Browing were soon manifested. At Tegege plantation we hold service among the boys, and also sold them a number of Biblos and hymn books. At the New Binlee Sugar-mill, where s large number of men are working, *c made a few sales, and gave a lantern entertainment. At the Bucca Scrub »e held an evening service in a widow's home. Crossing the river and over some very rough coun'.ry we reached Gin Gin, with a broken kingbolt and a narrow escape from turning °\er. Got the repairs done, and reaohea Wattawa on Saturday night. Here we found a number of farmers we had known in Laidley hard at work. The people have a good prospect «I getting a fair return for their labour. In a ten months scrub has been felled and burnt off and cane plantod, while families are chipping the ground. Houses have been built, and some good gardens laid out, with promising crops of »Retables. The services on the Sabbath were «eil attended. Coming on to Mount Perry, we made some good sales of Bibles and Sabbath fcuool cards. Here, too, the services wore well «ttended. On reaching Eidsvold we conducted & i'ower service on Sabbath last, and made good 'i/s of Bibles and books next day. Un «Mnesday we start for Gayndah, en route for ?> mango and Brisbane. When H.M.S. Katoomba, which has recently J-m at Tasmania (says the S. M. Herald ot jnu-sday last), arrived in Farm Cove on Tues dîy and for some time before, rumours were !"1J-»:nously circulated that serious defects »j developed themselves in this member of >° Auxiliary Squadron, and some (ears were «P'ossed that the vessel would be unfit for ""».-e until it had undergone a thorough " ^aaul. Yesterday morning a representative ''<. her ila waited on Admiral Bowden-Smith «i a-ked him if it was true that structural j* :ts had developed in the Katoomba, and .i- the ship was leaking. His Excellenoy 1 P el emphatically, "There is not one word Ç;Jdth in tha statement. I have just left the .iicr, where I have been making my usual '''?Potion, and I found nothing the matter 1 nd a slight defect in one of the condensers, ' n will be remedied by lifting it a few o/ I1' This c&°3ed a slight leak in the con , -T, bat that can easily be repaired. So , MLom,anv structural defects having been '-'"ered, the Katoomba has proved a very ^ -i cruiser. The trifling defect in the con . r is a thing that might happen on any ?. '.aer, and in no way points to any weakness J ' m the ship or its engines." The state 1 5 made with reference to the Katoomba " that the ship had strained badly, so much j st same of her riveting had given way. .- rrports, following so shortly after the c ''- p test of strength afforded in the case ^ " -anKarooma, came as a surprise. Both c . *ero built in private yards, and evi ? are worthy specimens of British naval tctu-e. ; ",'.'; arjd Dol's °f ali descriptions ; largest ? paient ever seen in Queensland now on ,, ' ei second noorat Finney, liles, and Co.'s. -'-one of the constant crowd of customers !""?<; "*sJnp b? ,he elevators to this grand .-.» every day,* 