Kotes <m a Trii» to the Holy Land S a ml Kome, ;18»3. (BY RET. J. SHERIDAN, P.P.) ( Continiied.) Before closing these few remarks it may not be altogether out of place to addashort explanation regarding what is called the i . £n;witv of the Pope, a question so little ?'SEESil nii only by iU outsid. tha Catholic Church, but even by large numbers of Catholics within her fold. In aoiurv so I must first quote the words of the Vatican Council defining this article of our Vifllief "When the Boirian Pontiff speaks « cathedra, that is when discharging; his office as pastor and doctor of all christians in virtue of his apostolic office defines a doctrine of faith and morals to be held by the whole church, by the divine assistance, promised him in the Blessed Peter, he pos sesses that infallibility with which the divine Eedeemer was pleased to invest His church when defining doctrines ^re garding faith or morals, and that therefore such definitions of the Eoman Pontiff are irreformable in their own nature and not because of the consent of the church. Hence we are to believe that the Pope is infallible only when he teaches the faithful ex cathedra, i.e., from the'Chair of Peter on matters of faith and morals, in questions relating to revealed, truths, or to prin ciples of moral conduct in life. But wo are not called upon to believe,that everything he does is the wisest and most judicious course that could be talien ; nor are we forded to believe that whatever he says as a preaoher or writer is necessarily free from error. We do not hold that he is inspired or endowed with divine revelation, properly so-called. No ; nor are we called upon to believe that he cannot make mistakes in his office of supreme ecclesiastical judge ; nor in his teaching or writing on history or the natural sciences, such ? as astronomy or geology. As a private doctor in theology he may err, and works published by him are : not guaranteed as free from error. By teaching ex cathedra id meant when the Pope is speaking-not as a private theolo gian, or in any other limited capacity,-but defining solemnly a doctrine in his capacity of successor of St; Peter, and pastor of the nniversal church.' But we do not hold that he is infallible when teaching doctrines of | faith and morals as a private individual, and apart from his official capacity ex cathedra. Some people confound infallibility with impeccability. Infallible means, pre served by God in certain cases from erring. Impeccable means, preserved by God from Binning. The Pope, we maintain, is not . impeccable, for any pope may fall into ain ; but he is infallible when expounding tho Scriptures, declaring revealed truths in precise language, and teaching points of* faith and morals ex cathedra. If we are | surprised at a sinful man being infallible we must remember Our Lord's prayer for St. Peter, "that his faith fail not," and the promise that " He should be with him always," and we will easily understand why the successor of St. Peter is preserved under certain condition's .by the Holy Ghost from ' expounding falsely the Word of God. What, if a Pope be wicked and bad liow"| can he be infallible ? "Well, cannot God for the sake,,-of other people keep; a/bad man as well as a good'man from teaching sin as right and making, a blunder, about religion in public teaching ? . In the olden times ,wioked men prophesied infallibly in God's name and wrote the Holy Scriptures infallibly. God is unchangeable ; He is theBame in all His ways,now that He was 8000years ago, and will be to1 the, end. If we have examples of notoriously wicked men among the Scripture writers and other prophets who spoke and wrote infallibly, we need not be surprised at the same prerogative being found in a sinful and wicked/High Priest of the New Law.' ; If a Scripture writer might .. sin and : still be;infallible.'iri> his; writings so:might, a Pope; sin and still be infallible,, in. his . teachings. If God used the one so might . He use the other. The beautiful Psalms I read a portion of every day in the divine office, were written by one who fell into adultery and murder.. His gift of inspira? lion did not keep him. from temptation; his sin did not prevent-him from writing : infallibly, A. soldier .king stained with impurity and imbrued with^innocent blood, David, wrote for our sakes without chance of error and was for our sakes guided into the ; knowledge of wondrous'truths. Solomon in his private life fell into the lowest depths of vice and sin. He had 1000 wives, and jsnelt down in adoration fcefpre the Goddess of (lie Sidonians' and Moloch the idol^of Ammonites. He sinned and erred as King Bolomon, but as writer of scripture he did not err and'is infallible. His private life was his own concern, and he had his soul to save like other n?en. His writings were for , our sakes, they were hot his own concern, but ours also, and there fore for our sakes God would not let him err. We have instances of infallible teach ing even in the moment of sin such as Jonas, who alone among the prophets preached to the Gentiles and who was a figure of the resurrection, was at the same- time resisting the . command of .'God, and murmuring at the goodness of his mercy. In the Fjrgt Book of Kings there is an acconnt ^i^wp, wicked Prophets who are there.called '' Men of God/' " The word of the Lord" came to them, they uttered real prophecies, $ipir words - came. to paad. f- One'of them eiveijf worked miracles; for >/ their wickedness a lion tore one to pieces. The other was guilty of his brother's death by a Baoralegious falsehood. Still with all ; their wickedness'they were gifted with the prerogative of infallibility. Another case is that of Balaam, who spoke just the direct , .opposite to that which ho intended. He , was one of the most wicked of men. By his filthy sins he drew down on Israel the . j wrath of God, still his prophecies were infallible, and full of the knowledge of Christ, as that passage, proves which speaks °f the i' Star out of Jaipob." Let a Pope be ever so bad, still the most \yicfred find corrupt infallible Pope could not be worse jwau the impure infallible prophet Balaam, who gave us, wichotit error, the true mes sage from Heaven, about the Star of Jacob. He wished to lie, but God would not lot him. He wished to curse, but God put the bridle on the infallible lips; and though privately ho might be the victim of im purity, yet publicly he was compelled to utter benedictions. Saul full of wicked intentions, was taken possession of by_the spirit ot God and compelled even against his will to utter prophecy. Another case and I shall be done. Caiphas was unjust yet he was inspired by God to utter this infallible prophecy. " It is' expedient for you that one man should die for the people." " This he spoke," says St. John, " not of himself, .but being the . high priest of that year he prophesied that Jesqs should die for the nation." The Popes have been nearly all good, the exceptions are very few. Many are saints, several suffered death for the faith. Sup posinjg therie were 4 or 5 really bad out of the whole number from Peter to Leo, they spoke for our sakes, not for their own, like David, Solomon, Jonas, and Balaam. And as God ever watches over his gift of infallibi lity he will, if needs be, compel even the wicked to speak truth when they would speak falsely, and a bad Pope in the same way he will prevent . from erring, whpn he promulgates to the whole Church a deci sion on faith and morals. The Pope, there fore, is not the maker of tho divine law, he is only its expounder and the interpreter of revelation, All revelations came from God through his inspired ministers, and was complete at the beginning of the Church. The Pope has no more authority than you or I to break one iota or title of the scrip ture, and he is equally as we, the servant of tbeadivine law. In a word tho Sovereign Pontiff is to the Church', though in a more eminent degree what the. Chief Justice of England is to this Colony. If a dispute arises, in the last resort the matter is referred to the Supreme Court, London. The Cbief Justice with his associate Judges examines into tho case, then pronouces judgement. This decision is final, irrevo cable and practically infallible. The Pope is to us the chief guardian of our religious constitution, as the Chief Justice of England is the guardian of our civil constitution. When ^ a dispute arises in the Church regarding the sense of some obscure pas sage in holy writ the subject is referred to the Pope for final adjudication. Before deciding the Holy Father assembles around him the College of Cardinals, or he calls a council of his Associate Judges, tho Bishops of Christendom ; after mature deliberation he pronounces judgment, and his sentence is final, irrevocable, and. infallible. By means of this Infallible Court the unity of the Church is preserved throughout the world, and without it she would soon be broken up into a thousand sects. These explanations premised, I will just briefly state the grounds of the doctrine itself. The following passages of the Gospel were addressed to Peter only:: " Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my Church, and the gates of Hell shall not prevail against it. "I the supreme Architect of thfe universe" says our Saviour, " will establish a Church which is to last till the end of time. I will lay the founda tion of this Church so deep and strong on the rook of truth that.the winds and storms of error shall never prevailr against her. Thoii, Peter, shalt be the foundation of this Church. It shall never fall because thou shalt never be shaken, because thou, shalt rest on me-the rock of truth." The Church of whiqh Peter is the foundation is declared to be impregnable, that is, proof against error. How can you suppose an unmovable edifice built on_a tottering foundation .? It is not the building that sustains the founda tion but the foundation that supports the building.^ "-.And I will give to. thee the keys of the Kingdom of; Heaven." Thou shalt hold the keys of truth with which to open to the faithful the treasures of heavenly science.. " Whatsoever, thou .shalt bind on earth shall be bound also itr.Heayen." The judgement which thou shaltc; pronounce on earth I will ratify in Heaven. Surely the God of truth' is incapable, pf -sanctioning an untruthful judgement. " Behold" Satan hath desired to have you (my apostles) that he may sift you as wheat, but I have prayed for thee (Peter) that thy faith fail not; and thou, being once converted confirm thy brethren." It is worthy of note that Jesus only prays for Peter. And why? Because on his shoulders was to rest the burden of the Church. . Our Lord prays for two things, viz.: (1) 'That the faith of Peter and his successors might not fail. (2) That Peter would confirm hip brethren in, the Faith, in order, as St. Leo says, that the strength given by Christ to Peter should descend on the Apostles. We know the prayer, of Jesus is always heard. Therefore the faith .of Peter will always be firm. He .was destined £o be the oracle that all should consult. Henoe we always find him the prominent figure among the Apostles ; the first to speak,. the first to act on every occasion, i'He was to be the guiding star that was to lead the regt of .the faithful to the path of truth. : He was to be in the Hierarchy of the Church, what the sun is in the planetary system-the centre around which all were to revolve. " Feed my lambs ; feed my sheep." Peter is appointed by our Lord the universal shepherd of the flock-of the sheep and lambs-that is, the shepherd of the Bishops and Priests'as well as of the peoplo. The Bishops aro shepherds in reference to their flocks. They are sheep in reference to the Pope, who is the shep. herd of shepherds. The Pope as shepherd must feed the flock ; not with the poison of error but with the healthy food of sound doctrine. Among the general councils of .the Church I shall only mention three gs their acts are amply sufijeient to vindicate the unerring character of the See of Rome and the Roman Pontiffs. I wish also to call attention to three facts, 1., Th^t $oije of these Connoilg were held in Borne. 2 Tha,fc one of them assembled in the East in Constantinople. 8 That in every one of them the Eastern and Western bishops met for the purpose qf re-union. The eight general Council, held in Constantinople in 86$, contains the following profession of jaith: '' Salvation primarily depends flgon guarding tbe rule of.,right faith. Since we cannot pass over the words of Our Lord Jesus Christ, who says, ' Thou art Peter, and on this rock IJwill build my Church.' " What was said is confirmed by facts, because in the Apostolic See the Catholic religion has always bBen preserved immacu late and holy doctrine has been proclaimed. Not wishing then, to be separated from this faith and doctrine, we hope to merit to be in one communion which the Apostolic See preaches, in which See is the full and true solidity of the Christian religion." The Council clearly declares' that immaculate doctrine has always been preserved and preached in the Boman See. But if she fell into error how could this bo said of her ? Arid how could that See be preserved from error if the Roman Pontiffs presiding over it ever erred in faith ? In the second general Council of Lyons, I (1274), the Greek bishops made the follow ing profession of faith ; " The holy Boman Church possesses fall primacy and princi pality over the Universal Catholic Church, which primacy with the plenitude of power she truly and humbly acknowledges to have received frorb our Lord Himself in the person of Blessed Peter, Prince or Head of the Apostles, whose successor the Boman Pontiff is ; and as the Boman See above all others is bound to defend the truth of faith, so, also, if any, questions on faith arise they ought to be. defined by her judgement." Here, the1 Council of Lyons avows that the Roman Pontiffs have the power to determine definitely and without appeal any questions of faith which may arise in the Church; in other words the Counoil acknowledges them to be the supreme and infallible arbiters of faith. .I We define,"". says the Council of Florence (1489), at which also were present the Greek and Latin bishops, " we define j that the Roman Pontiff is the successor of Blessed Peter, Prince of the Apostles and the true Vicar of Christy the Head of the whole Church, the Pather and Doctor of all Christians, and we declare that, to him in the person of the Blessed Peter was given by Jesus Christ full power to feed, rulei and govern the universal Church." The Pope is here called the true vicar or representative of Christ in his lower kingdom of his church militant, that is, the Pope is the drgan of our Saviour, and speaks his sentiments in faith and morals. But if the Pope erred in faith and morals he would no longer be Christ's vicar and true representative; The Boman Pontiff is called' the Head of the whole Church,-that is, the visible head. Now, the Church which is the body of Christ is infallible. Ifc is, as St. Paul says, " without spot,1 or wrinkle, or any such thing." But how can you suppose an infallible body with a fallible lie4d ? How can an erring head conduct a body in the unerring ways of truth and justice? He is also in the same council said to be the Father aad Doctor of all Christians. How can you expect an nnerring iamily under an erring father ? He is called the Universal Teacher or Doctor. Teacher of what ? Of truth ; not of error I Error is to the mind what poison is to the body. You do not call poison food; neither can you call error doctrine. . 'The [Pope, as Universal Teacher, must always give to .the people, not the poisonous food of error, but the. somid aliment of pure doctrine. Finally, the Pope is called the Chief Pilot of the Church. It : waS'' not without a mysterious significance that Our Lord went into Peter's bark rather than that of any of the other apostles.- This bark, Our Lord has pledged himself, shall never Bink, nor depart from-her true course. How can you imagine a: storm-proof, never-varying bark under the -charge of a fallible pilot ? The Vatican Council in promulgating the doctrine bf the Pope's infallibility did not create a new doctrine, but rather confirmed an old one.. >The Church enforces, as a law a principle wliich has always. existed as a matter of fact. The decree is nothing more than a new form of expressing an old doctrine, because the decision must be drawn from the revealed Word of God. Another few words, and I am done. It has been the practice of the Church from the beginning that whenever bishops or national councils promulgated dootrines, or condemned errors, they always transmitted their decrees to Rome for confirmation or rejection, Again, every independent gov ernment must have a supreme tribunal, regularly sitting, to interpret its laws and decide cases of controversy likely to arise. Thus we have our supreme court, from which, however, in Bome cases, there is appeal to the supreme court in London, whose decisions are practically infallible. Now, the Catholic Church is a complete and independent organisation; as complete in its spiritual sphere as the Government of Sydney is in the temporal order. The Church kas its own laws, its autonomy anfl govern ment. Like the Civil Powers the Church must, have a permanent and stationary Supreme Court to interpret its laws and determine cases of religious controversy. What con stitutes this permanent Supreme Court of the Church ? It is constituted not from the bishops either assembled in General Council or scattered over the earth, as it would be impracticable to consult all those upon every issuo that might arise ip the Church; but the Pope himself, as bead of the Catholic Church, constitutes with just reason this supreme tribunal The office of th$ Church being to lead men to all truth and preserve them from error, it follows that he who is appointed to wateh over the constitution of the Church must be infallible or-exempt from error in his official eapaolty as judge of faith and morals. The prerogatives of the Pope must be commensurate with fct\a nature of the Constitution whioh he has to uphold. The Constitution being divine it must have a divinely, appointed interpreter. A man may say " Oh what a lot of rubbish. I have f^n infallible Bible, and this is the only infallibility that I require." Now,_ the the question is, whether that infallible Bible is really enough. Either he is infallibly certain that his interpreta tion of the Biblo ia correct or he is not. If he is infallibly, certain then be asserts for himself, and of course for every reader of the Scripture, a personal infallibility which he denies to the Pope and which we claim only for him.- He makes every man his own pope. If ha is'not infallibly cer tain that he understands the true meaning of the Bible and this is a privilege he doeB not claim, then, I ask, of what use to him is the objective infallibility of the Bible without an infallible interpretei*. If God, as he asserts, has left no infallible interpreter of His Word, does he not virtually accuse Him of aating unreason ably, for He would have revealed this truth to man without leaving him a means of ascertaining its precise import. That man reduces God's Word to a bundle of contradictions like the leaves of the Sybil whioh gave forth answers suited to the wishes of every inquirer. Of the hundred or more Beets now existing in this country does not each take the Bible as his standard of authority and, and does not each member draw from jt a . meaning different from that., of, his neighbour? Whilst'in the' mind of God the Scriptures can have but one meaning. Such are the consequences of his principle of the " infallible Bible being enough for him," and hence the absolute necessity of sonl'e authorized and. unerring interpreter. How satisfactory on the contrary and how reasonable is the Catholic teaching on this subject? According to her system Christ says to every Christian, " Here my child is the word of God; and with it I leave yon an infallible interpreter 'who will expound for you its hidden meaning and clear up all its difficulties. Here are the waters of eternal life,-but I have created a channel that will communicate these waters tp you in all their sweetness without any sediment of errdr. Here "is the written ?constitution of my Church, but I havo appointed over it a supreme tribunal in the person of one to whom I have given the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven, who will preserve that Constitution inviolable and will not permit it to be torn into shreds by the conflicting opinions of men. Thus my children will be one, as I and the Father are one. ' I fear I have dwelt too long on this subject, but being a question on wbich many seem to labor under very erroneous notions I thought it only my duty to say a few words before taking leave of the Vatican Palace to spend soma hours among the ruins of the ,. BOMAN FOnUM. (To be Continued.) 