HER WEDDING-EVE. Elt wedding-evo 109, to morrow I would tor ever end i tnc old life; but bow glorious ap- < poared tho exist ence upon whioh she was about to enter! bhe baa everything to bo gratslui for.nothing to com- Sho bad no mother ; bat never having known a mother's earo, - her father a devotion made up for the Iobb, Bhe glanaed sronnd at tha confusion of beautiful and ooBtly things filling the room — hor bridal trousseau. " Barely I am a favourite of fortune," she murmured. And it seemed so as aha stood there in her ..evening drees of delieate, gleaming silk — young, lovely, and radiant with happiness. Ah, yes, Alice DeBtnond bad been a petted . darling of fortuno sinoe babyhood, in dulged in every jvhim, gratified in ovory desire. To-night the voryvheight of bliss had. been reached — youth, beauty, riobes, and loyo, What more could aba ask?' "No mora I— no more I" she said, aloud, startling Ssrab, the maid, who was busily packing away tba dainty wardrobe into travelling trunks. " What do you say, Miss Alice ? " And Alioo smiled and said : .''Am I pretty enough to-night, Sarah?" " Laws, Miss Alice, you always look pretty in pink I I expect Mrr Phil will think so " — With a sly twinkle in her bright oyes. Alice blushed, looking lovelier than ever . with that divine glow in her young faoe. The old houso waB fnll of guoots bidden to the marriage, and a subdued flatter of joy ful exsitemeot filled it from drawing-room to kitchon. The first dinner-bell rang, and the .girl quitted the privsoy of her room to watoh for her lover's coming ; but ho had alreudy arrived, stood nt the foot of the staire wait ing for her, tall and handsome, his esger blue eyes aflame with love's impatience, his arms outstretched towards her. The hall was deserted, bnt bad iv been Crowded with watebers Phil Eingsly 'would not have heeded them with that lovely vision before bim. Ho mounted a step to moot, her ; he flung his arms around her, drew her bead to his breast, kissing her with fond pasoion. " Ob, Phil I" sho murmured, blushing deeply, but yielding to his arms. " My darling I thank Heaven I am with yoa onae more I" he oriod, fervently. " I have boon all impatience ever since leaving London." " Why, havo you also sometimes had vague fears lest something should happen?" she asked, drawing book, a shade of gravity com ing over the radiance of her fooo, " Only the groundless fears incidental to this uncertain lite of ours, dearest, Your presence has put them all to flight." " But what if something unforaoon, un dreamed of, should part na yet ?" "Nothing but death oan part us now, beloved. To-morrow is our wedding-day. There ia no room in my hoart for doubt or fear to-night, sweetheart. Como into the drawing-ream ; it is deserted, and we may have a few preoiaus moments to ourselves." And with hiB band on hers, his happy, passionate oyes soaking her faee, she, too, gave herself up to tho blissful present. Dinnor was over.and Mr. Desmond and Eingsly were in the library, holding a little private conversation! Alios had just left tbem to join her friends in the drawing- room ; bnt feeling that eilenae rather than speech fitted her present mood. Bhe made up a oard-party, persuaded some lady to sing, and leaving a comfortnblo group around the blazing fire, she stole to tho south window, flung up the sasb, and leaned out into the orisp September night. How brilliantly the stars sparkled and glowed in the fleokleas sky, and what a sweet, subtle scent floated up from the old garden, \- whose lata- blooming roses atill bold sway. " Hist I Miss Desmond ! Miss Desmond I Shall an old woman tell your fortune?" aame in a low, sibilant whisper; and a gaunt, fierce-eyed, ragged old oreaturo rose up from a erouohing position under the window. (t The girl started back, a faint ory on her lipa._ " who are you?" sho inquirer!, quiokly re covering lieroelf, and speaking somawhat im periously. " Only a poor, forsaken old vagabond ; but I oan tell yoa something, miss, that will drive all that bloom from your face, that light from your eyes." Her strange, burning glance swept over the dainty ovening- dross, the soft laoe and glim mering jewels. Her brown, wrinkled faoe worked convulsively. A .bitter exeeration fell from her withered lips. Envy, rago, hate, fed the Inrid fire of her sunken eyes. Alice Desmond had brave blood in her veins. She did not feel afraid, bnt she was fasoinated. What revelation could this poor oreaturo make to harm or frighten her ? Pity stirred bor heart. She oould be generons to the poorest of God's oroatures to-night. " I do not oars to have my fortune told, but here is some money. Take it and 'go away. My fathor would be displeased wore he to find you hero," she said, gently, hold ing out her slim, white hand, with two silver pieces in its open palm. But the strango old woman draw baek with a low, soornlul laugh. " Displeased I Ha, ha! I shouldn't wonder. Yon are very kind. Ah, yes ; it is easy for y<fo to play the Lady Bountiful, but ' I would starve— yes, starve and rot— before I would touob Desmond money. I. havo oome to tell you something." Alioegrew serious, impressed, in spite of herself, "What is It?" . . ' "A secret, and one that yoa ought to know: This is yout wedding-eve "Yes." "A fitting time," she muttered, with a fiendish ohuokle. " Oome out into the gar den." Alioo glanced baok into the room. The fire burned with a ruddy glow; the ooaupsnts'of the low ohairs around it were laughing and talking, and at the piano the musically in- olined were trying a now song. _ No one had hoard a word of that conversa tion at the window. Sho tamed again to tho night and to that evil-eyed old woman, who stood watching her like a grim fate.' She said briefly ; " I will oome." Sho stepped quiokly from the room, took a' mantle from the hall-lobby, flung it over bor head, and went out into the darkness of the outer world. Her delioate silk brushed the dew from the grass on the garden-walk, and once a rose- thorn caught tho laoe of her alosvo ; but on she went until me came faoo to faoe with her strange visitor. For a momont they stood there in the , midst of ttio old garden ; tho girl, youug, fair, and daintily olotbed ; tho old woman, bent ( \- and haggard, her poor rags fluttering in the oriep, iroBty broeze, eilent— the one expect ant, the othor wiokodly exultant. Alice epoke firot. " You must be briel. My guests will miss me." . . "Let tbem, fools that they are. I hate .them all. But I will not detain you very long. Where is your mother?— tell mo," bIio said, abruptly, loaning forward and pluoklng at her eleeve. Alioo recoiled from hor touch with a shud der of repulsiaP , "Lead ; oho died at my birth Boltly and frankly, " Died, did she I Ha, ha I Yes, -she died at your birth, a slow death bat a sure one- died to the world, to the pleasures of life, to -everything; but thoy did not put her in a ' &» jBUtedM4hWft!-V' ' " ' | "How dare you speak so falsely I" etiod tho girl, her faoe blanching, a horrid chill ' freezing the warm young blood in her veins. . ;' " 'Tis t-ruo. I know n; I Bwsnrit 1 Go i ask your father. - Oh, yoe,' ho baa deceived ! you all these years for fear the shadow might darken your life; but tho ourso is on you— you are doomed. Madness lurks In your blood, works in your brain. Oh, you are young, and riob, and beautiful, but the poorest beggar in tha laud need not onvy you. Marry, and sooner or later you will find your home behind tho bolts Rid bars of a madhouse." ' ! Alios listened in speeob'ioab horror. She no longer doubted the old woman's words, but what a crushed and1 deadly feeling op pressed her I Oould it bo only a hideous dream? Would sho wake presently in her , own pretty roam, surrounded by tho eoetly oonfueion of her bridal trousseau ? Ah, no, no, it was no dream, but a aruel ; reality 1 Bather had all that happy past been a dream— a brilliant but swiftly-fading | dream. How far away it seemed Irom ber now, end what a blaok gulf of anguish sod dcBpoir lay before her, " Heaven have meroy upon me," she whis- j pared, hoarsely, feeling she bad no other refuge now. . The old woman olutohed her I round, tendor wrist in a cruel grasp, i " Do you want to know why I toll you this ' oaretully-guardod secret ? It is my vengeance. Long years ago I had a daughter, young and lair as you. Hor lover was your father's butler, and on llieir wedding day they hunted him down, and Mr. Desmond, tho rioh mer- ebant, had him dragged away to prison booause he had stolen a paltry sum o! money from him. Heaven I she died in my arms, lor she was but a doiioato oreatnre, and I vowod sho should be avenged. Blow for blow, life for life, is my motto. Go baok to you guasto, to your lover, and your wadding finery, but remember! " And with that laat word ringing through the air, Bhe vanished. "Can I ever forgot 7" moaned' tho girl, etumbling up the path like a oreaturo blind with anguish. " Ob, father, why did you spare mo? Ob, mother, where are you to night?" She felt choking, and pulled the laoe ruth- leealy away Irom her white throat. What a fate, to be raised to the height of human bliss, only to be dashed down into a bottomless pit of despair. All tho time one thought kept beating through he brain : " It is my wedding-eve." A burst of go/ laughter floated out from the drawing-room as ehe stumbled wearily up the stops. It made her shudder, and yet an hour ago, evon less than an hour ago, she bad joined in the mirth, tho happiest of tbem all. She atolo through the hall until sho oams to the library door. There she etopped for a a momont, palo and wan as some wandering spirit of sorrow. Her father eat in h>s easy. chair, smoking ; whilo talking to bim hor lover stood lean ing against the mantle. How noble he lookod — how bravo and handsome 1 It be had only raised hie eyes and looked on that blanehed face, thoBO sad eyes ! But, anooDSoious of her nearnesH, unoonsoious of tho power working against the fruition of biB happiness, be stood there talking and think ing of to-morrow. Alice stretched out her bonds, and bsr lips moted in s whispered farewell ; then elowly she moved on up the stairs to her own room. On tho threshold she mot hor maid. " Good heavens I Mies Alice, what is the matter?" she cried, starting baok from bor young mietrcsB's changed appearance in "HuBhl I am onlytirod. Do not let me 00 disturbed to-night. I intend ' to retire at onco." "But." "Plenoo go, -Sarah; I do not need you" Aud ebe closed and looked the door 'against oven her faithful servant's instruction. The room had boon put in perfect order, tho trunks were paoked, and on a low oouoh her wedding-dress lay osrcfully spread out, with wreath and veil spread aoroBS it..' How tha sight mooked her pain I With a despairing ory she flung herself down on tho floor, and moroiful tears saved hor from going mad then and there. Nevor in all her young life had ebe shed suoh tor rents of tears, been shaken with such deop sobs ; for never bofore had real sorrow laid its burden upon her, and this was a thing to crush even the etoutOBt-bearted. At last ahorosaup,oalmer, but woefully pale and subdued, a girl no longer, but a suffering woman. An impulse to go away seorefly had oome over her, With feverish haste sho ohangod hor evening dress for a plainer ono, put ber puree in her bosom, and laid out a hat and aloak. Then eho eat down and wrote a short note to hor fathor, a pitiful little mas sage explaining the oause of her flight, and entreating him to tell Phil. That finished, and laid on her dreasing-tablo, eho moved slowly and softly about the room, taking a sorrowful farewell of all tho pretty familiar things endeared to her by a thousand happy associations. Above the mantlepieoe hang bor lover's pioture, richly framed, and the most proeious of all her treasures. - She paused before it, tearless, but with heaving breast, ber poor, passionate heart quivoring, almost break ing. "Ob, love, love, how oan I give you up? Fob 'tis better tbat than I should ruin your life. Heaven forbi that I should do it! Good-bye, good-bye, for over !" and she turned away, not daring ; to look again into those piotnred eyes, lost her courage should, alter all, fail. At last she was ready, and opening her door ehe glanced oat. The houeo was all quiot,the hall dark and deserted, She went out, and with noiseless stops groped her way down stairs. With shaking bond she fumbled at the fastenings of the front door. She thought she heard footatops on the upper floor, and listened in breathless terror. It wob only a false alarm, 'and opening the door, she stepped out, and heard it alosa behind her with a ohilling shudder. Shut out iu tho odd and dorknese— sho, the darling of fortune, the glory of hor father's house, the beloved of Phil Eingely's heart; andyot she faced it with less shrink ing than she oould havo faced pitying friends, a ahamo-Btriokon father, a luke-warra lover. Halt a dozen honnds bounded up to meet her, barking deeply ; but at the sound of hor low, sweet voico, crouohed at her feet with whines of delight. With a soothing word she went swiftly down the walk, and bo away from her home. «nd it was her wedding- eve. . . f The wodding aiiy dawned clear and bril liant, with a fine hoar frost lying on leaf and flower. At Desmond's tho houeehold were astir early, for there were yet many things to bo done before tho bridal fesst was spread. Suddenly a strange ory rang through the hou6o ; a ory of apprehension ; ot alarm — the bride oould not be found. Her bed wae un- ' touobed, hor evening drees lay in a orumpled hoap on the floor, bnt eho bad vanished. Mr. Deemond'e ruddy faee paled a little, but ha called it only a foolish woman's cxeitement until he road his daughter's note. Then be staggered baok with a fiprae ory : " Ob, Heaven I it is true eho has loft us 1" Guests and servants were all gathered around him, all eager, all carious, and Phil Eingsly stood at bis elbow, pale and rather stern. " What does it mean ?" ha demanded, sue hae been listening to some cruel lies." l " You lie yourself, Royal Desmond ; I! told ber only the truth," eoreamed a shrill : voioe; and a haggard old woman pushed her | way through the orowd until she stood fuoing i the master ot the houso. " You have for- ( gotten me, probably, bat I have not forgotten i you, Iioyul Doamond, nor tha revenge I swore ! to wreak on you for dragging my girl's lover i off to prieon and breaking her heart. You i murdered hor 1" she owed, wildly ; " but I— i 1 was more meroiful to your pretty idol- 1 1 onjy tojd her . tho jruth aout_hss. mother. | and tho fate awaiting ber, pampered, spoiled pot that Bhe was." "And you would take vengeance on an innocent, "defenoeleee girl?" said Eingsly, Bternly. She laughed fiendishly, " A life for a life, young sir ; better be thankful yoa have oseaped a mad woman. Ob, it would hare wrung your hoart to have witnessed hor horror, ber anguish I" . "Woman, are you flesh and blood, or demon 7" hoarsely demanded the merchant, "Demon— just what you mado mo. 1 only hope yon will now feel a pang of what 1 have Buffered. You may tako me, kill mo. for what I have done ; I have bad my revenge— " " And a poor revenge it will provo, when I tell yon she is my daughter only by adoption." He turned to his listening guests, a haughty flush mounting to hie fine face. " My friends, thie woman's insane anger against mo makes it neaeseary to toll yeni a very painful atory. It has been kept a sooret from a foolish fear that it might aloud my girl'n lite — she is my girl, though no drop of my blood flows in her veins. You know, eome of yon, that my wife died in aa insane asylum only a few years ago. Her mind began to fail soon after we were married, and she grew mueb worse after her ohild died. We travelled over the Continent, and one nigbt wo stopped at e hotel in a little town whore an EngliBh woman lay dying. She had . a lovely little girl, a more baby, and tho tbongbt ot leaving it alone in tho world distressed her beyond measure. My wife took a strange fancy to tbe littlo ono, and at last we adopted her ; and from that day to tbia ebe haB been my girl, my Alioe, my treasure ; but would to Heaven I had told bet this and spared her muoh suffering," His head bowed, and ha vory tenderly smoothed out the Bad little nato. " How dosperate her ehame and misery must have randered ber, to oause her to run away in the dead of night— Bhe, eo young, so tenderly sheltered from ell tho rough winds of human adversity," ha murmured, brokenly. In tho deop eilonoo that followod Mr. Des mond's explanation the old woman orcpt out, baffled, crest-fallen, and when the servants would have arrested her, Kingely restrained them. " Let her go ; ebe oan do no mora mischief." Then he touched Mr, Danmond on the- arm. "Rouse yourself, sir. We must find Alice." "Yes, wo must fiudher. Oh, Phil, whore oan she bo ? my poor girl, my darling I" And Phil set hie lips hard togother, and turned from the sight of tho wedding favors lying on the table. Alas for hie happiness I ' How swiftly, oruolly, it had been destroyed! Just a week eiuco ehe had left ber father's bouse, and yet to Alioo Desmond, sitting in tbe'sunehino in front of an old house iu a suburb of London, tho time bad dragged so heavily it seemed an age. She eat on a stool, ber hoad resting against a small treo, her hands listlessly folded in ber lap. There were dark ringa under her lovely eyes, and a fixed pallor on her smooth cheek. An old woman earno Boftly to tho door, looked at ber, and ohook her bead with a deep sigh. She bad beon the girl's nurse, and loved ber with devotion. Whet a shook it bad been to her to hate ber nursling oome as she did 1 Sho oould not attend the wedding, but she eat by her lonely fire thinking ol it ono evening jnat at dunk, when camealoud, hurried knook on the front door, end there on tho step stood Alice, pallid as death— a veritable ghost, the fright ened woman at firat thought. " Ob, Nora, take mo in i bide me away from tbe world, for my heart ie broken I" ehe panted, and fell faint and exhausted" eoross tbe threshold ; and thore ebe had been ever sinoe — a silent, joyous creature, so 'an-, like her old, gay, brilliant eolf, it wrung the ; woman's heart to look at hor. To-day she sat on tbo stool in the sun- - bine.lietleee, hopeless. " Ob, that master would oome P' sighed old Nora ; and eoaraely bad the wieh found utterance when tbe gale swung opeD, and Mr. Desmond- and Phil Eingaly entered. Alice turned her head at tho Bound, and startled up with a cry, only to sink baok; again on the stool, breathloss, almost faint ing. Tbe next moment she was ia ber stb er's arms. " Alioe, my girl 1 — my darling 1" he cried, and broke down, bis teara falling on her bent bead. " Ob, father," she moanefr, " why 'did you bring him with you I — I oannot bear it." And then, mustering bia emotions, bo told her the story he had told to the wedding- guests. "Had you oome to me that night, my child, i would have told you then." I shall not attempt to tell you how tho girl felt. The revulsion from bleakest despair to greatest joy made her senses almost reel. At first Bno listened, pale and bewildered, then Bhe laughdd and wopt by turns; but tbe moment of supromeat joy wee when hor lover's arms olaspod ber, her lover's lipa pressed hers, and abe knew sho oood never shrink from bim. Suffering hnd taught her the nature ot happiness. They wore married that day without pomp or show of any kind, " for," said Kingely, " wo will have no more wedding ever," 