The Dampiers. Tan magnifioent reception given to Mr. Alfred Dampier and company in the Academy of Mnusio on Easter Monday evening must have thrilled them with delight. In point of numbers the " house " was thebo beat that has been seen in the Academy for some time, and the manner in which the Anetralian drama, " Robbery Under Arms," was received was most enthousiastio. The body of the hall was liter. ally packed, and many of the stall ticket-holders had to be given seats in the otrole, which was also well filled. Several of the scenes in the drama, snobuch as the sticking-op of a mail coach, a country racecouorse, or a fusillade between the troopers and a gang of buebrangers, do not readily adapt them selves to a provincial stage, hbut the anocessories at thedisposal of the company were need with good effect. The piece named is not burdened with a plot, but consists of a string of startling ineidents, the hero of which is a notorione buebshranger, who, on intimate acquaintance, tOres out to be a much injured person and not a bad fellow at all. This at o:co wines him the sympathy of the audience, whose in terest is also secured by his providential escapes from tight corners. The task of giving a popular representation of a obaracter like Captain BStarlight is not an easy one. He is a man whose principal olaims to notoriety or fame depend perhaps on daring deeds done in the saddle and aoroess the broad expanse of plain and forest, all of which are beyond a realistio reproduction on the stage, and invariably the dramatio creation Is very tame compared with our ideas of the original. It is for this reason that souch plays are morn or less dise. appointing. Mr. Dumpier made the molt of the par', and oacted with ability. HM was well sop. portel by the company, notably by Misnes Lily and Rose Dampler and Moasders. Rolfl, Harford, and Holloway; and by the introdntion of a little bor. lequne the audience were kept in the very best humour. On Thureday evening Mr. Dampier appeared as " Hamlet," a character for which he is justly famed throughout the Australian colonies. The attendance was not as large as on the opening night, but there wee a very good downstair house. The sublime pseaages in the drama were delivered by Mr. Dumpier with good effeot, and his hearers were completely carried away with the power and emotion of his words. The other characters were well sEntained. Mr. W. Holman made a capital Poloniue, Mr. E Holloway was the ghost, and Miss Rose Dampier acquitted herself well as Ophelia. The company olosed their season on Wednesday evnong with " Darkest London," the attendance being very good for thesm dull times. 