THOU ART THE MAN! . t r By MISS BRADDON, Author op "Lady Audloy's Sooret," "Aurora Floyd," "Dead Men's Shoes," "Phantom ' Fortune," " Wyllard's "Weird," . "Like and Unlike," "All Along tho Rivor," &o.; . Ann Queensland Riohts Reserves. CHAPTER Vl.—tffoiitiniied.) He did not soo Mario Arnold's vivid blush, as sho hont over the newspaper sho had been reading, and ho thought her answer was cold and oardlosB. And thon ho l-omombered Brandon! a determination to remain unmarried — a rosol ve perhaps ovor sorupulous, sinoo his mother's sad. malady might have bequeathed no fatal taint to him— and ho thought it a merciful dispensation that Mario Arnold should . ho oaroless und iudifforent. It was after 7 o'olook when Mountford camo home that ovening. . Ho had boon for a long and lonely ramble over the moors, glad to oscapo from Urquhart's sooiety, i ovon at tho saorifioo of sport. "Urquhart's conversation was the ossenco of worldly wisdom, of tho streets, strooty ; and a man who has spent his happiertfyears in the lonely plaoeB of tho earth, and lias commnnod with God andNature undor tropical stars, does not find maoh salt or savour in the potty gossip of oliibs, or tho intrigues and money troubles of men about town. "I never know such a follow for not being interested in things that. interest other men," said Urquhart, discontentedly, when ono of his choicest anecdotes had fallen flat. "I don' believe you oaro oven for tho turf." "Not a jot," answerod Brandon, "I admire a race horso hecnuso ho is tho perieotion of blood and speed, not becauso ho oan win aoup." "Your indifference makes you vory bad company," grumbled Urquhart. "Wo can't all shoot lions." To-day Brandon hud bathed his soul and senses in solitude, and ho felt all tho better for the long- ramble in tho wild, bleak country. Ho hnd soon Dunluco Castle from afar off, tnll and gray abovo tho ridgo of tho moor, und ho hud wondered idly whether ho would over see it nonror, and what kind of a man its owner, Urquhart's eldor brother, might be. And now in tho fading light ho walked up tho hill, and by tho winding shruliberied road that led to Ellerslio House. A carriage was driving a littlo way in front of him as ho passed thelodgo gate. It disappeared, ut the first turn of tho road, and ho thought no more of it until ho saw it stand ing before tho poroh, while a footman busied himself iu carrying various nrtioles of luggage, handbags, hooks, umbrellas, und suoli small beer, into tho hall. From tho hall camo tho sound of voiocs, Sir Joseph's stroug baritone, and a. girlish voice which was like musio, so low and sweetly toned. Could it bo tho daughter of tho house ? Brandon wont into tho hall focling shyer than lie had over been before. In thoso last days of confidential intercourse in Italy, when the father and son had talked together as man and man, "Walter Mountford had told his son that- pathotio story of ahopolesslove, struggled aguinat valiantly, and nover revealed. Tho thought that ho was going to see tho daughter of the woman that his father had loved thrilled him strangely. Ho had been told that Sibyl was liko hor mother, and it was with a feeling almost of awe that lio approached the girl of eighteen. Ho remembered an old photograph)- gray and faded, a poor littlo photograph taken on tlio beach at Bognoi- by an itmoruht photographer— tho portrait of a girl in. a broad-brimmed hat and an old-fashioned frook,' hut with oh, so swcot nnd delicato a countenance — features so refined in thoir oliiselling, such lovely linos of chin and throat, and such a slendor, graceful figure ! His father had taken that poor little photograph from his despatch-box. It was on glass, and it had accompanied him all over India without coming to grief : and from tho shadowland of death and vanished years tho young face had looked at Brandon dimly, liko a vory ghost. Yos, thore woro tho samo features, tho samo graoious linos, tho, samo soft depth in tho dark gray eyes that woro looking at him now. "Hullo, Mountford," cried Sir Joseph, gaily; "tlio master of the house has come home. No moro lux behaviour now ! Wo shall havo to mind our mariners., Gomo and ho introduced to my tyrant.". Sibyl held out her hand to liim in the frankest, friondliest way. "I am evor so niuoh obliged to you for helping to keep father in good spirits," sho said. ' CHAPTER VII. DBKAXIXa AND WAHINO. Life at Ellerslio took a new colour for Brandon Mountford after, that day. It had been pleasant, easy, unconventional from tho begin ning-. He had felt the 'cordinllty of Sir. J oseph's welcome, tho assuranco that his presenco gavo pleasure to his hostr-hut thoso things made an overy-day happiness, and thore was nothing wonderful or dreamlike in a well found country houso, a fine -salmon l-iyer, and a blunt; gonq- rous- tcmpercd old man who liud bogun his ascont to Fortune's Templo on tho lowest ruhg of tlio Judder.' ' , Sibyl's coming had changed tlio country houso into an onolinntod palace, tho wind blown terraco and lawns nnd shrubberies over looking the bloak North Sen into an easterly paradise. Her coming lmd ohanged lifo into a lovoly dream. Her light figure moving to and fro on the rough banks of the rivor turned that stream Into a magioal watercourse leading to an unoxplored Eden. Whonn boating expedi tion-was proposod ono day lio almost oxpeoted to find the boat drifting into the nziiro light of caverns as blue as the heavens above. Ho oxpeoted anything wonderful and uhnormal ratlior than tlio rude, gray hills and tlio barren moorland. In the beginning he surrendered himself blindly to tho onohantment . of this fair girl's society. Ho know that ho . could never think of himself, or he thought of by Sir Joseph, as a possible husband for this heiress of mines arid millions. Sir Joseph had, frankly stated his sjpibitious hopes for his daughter. - I " Sho must marry a peer, my dear Mount ford," ho said: " I want her to go hack Into 'tho great world whioh her mother left' when she stoopod to marry me. . I want to soo her a countess before I die. Sho is pretty enough, and oho -will be rioh enough to bo a duohess— if thoro woro ah eligible duko. I won't marry ; her' to a fortune seeker or a profligate, Mount ford;, I may bo ambitious, .but I won't saorifico my girl's happiness, oven to inuko her a great lady .7' : All this had boon said moro than onco bofore Sibyl's return, and all this Mountford hod aceoptcd us inevitable — a decree of destiny, sinco Sir Joseph was the kind of man to carry out his own ideas to tho lottor, and it would bo hard if among the bachelor poors of Great Britain a worthy as well as a titled husband could not bo found for Sibyl. Mountford kriew himself out of tee running. . "Were I a duko, and , tho inlioritor of. o couple of shires, I should be just as ineligible as I am how," ho thought. "Nothing would ever iriduoe mo to link my lifo with ' another and blight tho heart that loved mo." ; Having thus mado up his mind about him-' self— having sot himself, resolutely on. the sido of tho celibates— Brandon Mountford modo tlio mistake whioh men aro apt to make in such ciroumstancesr Ho was too scoui-o of himself. He though .that ho might reokon in advance of tho Graybeard, Time, and think of himsolf as a middlo-aged unimpressionable misogynist, whilo he was still in tho vory morning of lifo, much freshor in heart and brain than the majority of young men, since ho had never hluntod his feelings in the mill-round of youth ful dissipation's— had not waBted . tho first fervent lovo of boyhood, upon the Tottios dud Lotties of the musio halls or the tavern bar— hud not been Spoiled or wearied by tho vaoulty and parrot speech of tho modish young lady, who is by wayof hiring spotting; or fast. To Brandon- Mountford an English girl.in the morning of her youth' and tho freshnoss of hor beauty was almost a now oreation. Hud Venus Auadyomeno mot him in somo oavern of that bleak shore, in the mystic twilight of sunrise, sho could not have soomcd moro en chanting then Sibyl in tho grace and purity of her unspoiled girlhood. Ho gave himself up unresistingly- to the ohurm of her presonce, accepted her friendly advances, ' tolling her lightly that bIio was to think of him as a newly-diseoveredpaor relation, Somothingof Jho nature of an uncle. "You might as well oull mo unole, Miss Higginson," ho said ono day when lio was assisting Sibyl and Marie not to catch salmon. They hnd taken a many good lessons in the art of throwing a fly, hut had not yet achieved the distinction of a bite. "Oh, J couldn't possibly do that," Sibyl answored, decisively, " you are muoh too young fornnunolo. I'll call you cousin, if you like, though porhaps even thnt would sound foolish. But we are a kind of cousins, aren't wo?" " Yes, wo aro cousins-r-in tho third degree." "I'm glad of that. I liko to know that I am related to you. Father likes you so muoh, quite as woll as if you. were his nophow. Flense call mo Sibyl iri future. Miss Higgin son is dreadfully formal, and it is suoh an ugly name." It was agreed therefore that they were to call each othor Brandon and Sibyl. "We aro actually cousins," Sibyl explained, tlio first timo she uttot-ed tho visitor's Christian namo in hor father's hearing, " so it would bo .absurd to bo mistering and missing each other." Tho spcooli was so frankly spoken that Sir Joseph took no alarm, at tho idea. He, too, had accepted Brandon Mountford as a poor relation, a pleasant and harmless bnohelor cousin. Ho had mot dozens of suoh young men in sooiety, us harmless, and often ns necessary, by reason of their helpfulness in all the minor "details of domestio life, as tho often quoted cat. He had, no idea, that suoh an existence could monace danger tqhis own dearest hopes. The timo came, too soon for Brandon's peace after 10 or 12 days of unalloyed bliss, whon tho young man knew and felt his own peril. He know that ho loved Sibyl with tho love that means tho happiness or the misery of a life time — or, at least, of all life's best and -brightest years. Thero may ho healing for \- suoh a wound ; but - it is a euro so gradual and so tardy that; tho convalescent hardly knows whether tho passing years have conquered his . passion or worn out his heart. Ho know thut he loved her — know that his delight in hor sooiety was something strohgor und deeper than a man's pleasure in tho oom pany of a lovely and' fasoinuting girl— knew that tho slightest touch of hor band thrilled him, thatthosouridofher voioe, hoard casually from tho garden while he was writing u loiter by the open window of his own room, would set his. heart heating and make him writo nonsouse. Thoy had boon rarely alone together ; they had only talked to each othor in tho lightest strains upon.tho most casual subjects. Mario was ulivays with thom, walking by sea or moor, lounging on tho terrace, lingering ovor tho friendly toa tabic, visiting the stables, driving, riding, Mario was as constant and as inovitablo as Sibyl's shadow, Brandon might havo thought that this perpetual companion ship on Miss Arnold's part was in bhodienco to orders from Sir Joseph ; but Sir Joseph's whole way of lifo was too open and unsophisticated to allow of suoh an idea. No, Sir Joseph trusted his guest to provo worthy of tho confidence that' had beori so freoly given to him. Brandon know that he had been roooived and trusted ou tho strength of his l-uco, warranted honourable, as it were, becauso of tho good blood that flowed in his veins, the gentleman's unsullied linoage out of which could come no evil. Not for all that this earth can givo of. happiness would lio liavo proved himself - unworthy of ' the good man's con fidence. Thinking over that "shadowing" of Sibyl by Mario Arnbhl) ho -accounted, for it to his own satisfaction as u sign of tho older girl's jealous attachment to her .adopted sister. It muBt ho joalotBy, and only jealousy, whioh iuade,"Marie dog their footsteps and intrude her own porsoiiality upon every conversation, every small sohcmo.'of- amusoment. Thore woro times whon ho could sea that even Sibyl was somowhat annoyed by tho eldor girl's ohtrusiyoriess. Thoy could talk of no subject in whioh Mario would hot take her part, soino- times talking sheer nonsense, in her eagerness to UBurp tlio conversation, nnd ovor-shadowing (Sibyl by hot- fovorish loqiiaoity. \ Whatever tho fooling .was whioh influenced this strong nnd passionatonaturo it was a feeling that totally ohungod the' girl's manner arid tho oliangc, m Brandon's opinion, was a change greatly f qr tho worse. ' ; Ho could But oomparo tho . Mario Arnold of tho present— vohement, exoitable, dictatorial ' oven— with tho Mario Arnold of thoso quiet .'days before Sibyl's return. Then the dependant had been ull gentlonos-8, modest, : rotnrning, .given to 'thoughtful, silonoe rather than over muoh speech. Now sho -was loquacious, irritablo, capricious, changing without apparent reason front exaggerated gaiety to sudden: gloom; rosontmg unintended i sights, oxaoting, pet tish.'--. -To Brandon tho chongo became hourly moro mysterious; and moro' worrying. . "You know Miss Arnold ' better than I do, " he said to Urquhart oiio evening in tho billiard - room, "and perhaps you oon tellinoiif sho is often as' disagreeable its sho was to-day during our river oxourtion f ',' : . 1 - . ; . . fio be cojtonuei) next monda? - 