IN THE WAKE OF FORTUNE. (copyright.) AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. BY IVAN D E X T E R. CHAPTER II.— Continued. Jasper, the father, was neatly eighty years of age, and the sons were beyond middle age. Father and sons had been born at St. Columb, and had passed most of their lives mining, varied with occasional ishing when the sea was calm. It was not long after the ship struck that Jasper and his sons noticed fragments of wreck drifting into the bay, and they pulled about in the hope of scouring something valuable. The people of the village regarded a wreck as their own especial property, and they had no qualms of conscience regarding the appropriation of anything that came within their reach from such a source. Jasper and his sons were engaged ex- amining a mass of floating wreckage when they were somewhat startled by the sound of a human voice to seaward. It was but a faint cry, but to the prac tised ears of the men it told its tale. It must be a survivor's cry to come from such a direction the men instinctively knew, and loosing the wreckage they had hooked the boat was instantly turned to wards the spot the sound came from. In a few moments a second feeble cry was heard, fainter than the first, but in the thick darkness nothing could be discerned save the white crested waves tbat broke against tbe rocks. They had almost reached the mouth of the Cove, and Jasper, who had ignited an oil lamp and was holding it above his head, aw another pile of wreckage sweep by. By tho flickering gleam of the light the occupants of the boat saw a struggling ob ject on the floating mass, wbioh turned out to be a portion of the ship's bulwarks, but almost as they looked a huge wave dashed tbe timber against a jutting rock, and with .a smothered oxy tbe living object disap peared, Impelled with tbe desire to save life tbo men pulled perilously near to the boiling cauldron of tbe ontroncs, and as tbey did so a sheet of tbe Drokcn timber swept by tbe frsll craft and a gleam ot something whito on it caught the old man's eye.' Stretching out his hand he caught the object, which seemed to he a bundle of clothes, and as it was of little weight he lifted it into the boat. Examining it wltb the aid of tbo light they were astounded to find that it con tained a child, and in a low moments Jas per was convinced that it lived. , The boat bed by this, tine been drifting back into tbo Cove and knowing how neces sary it was to provide warmth for tbo almost inanimate infant tbe men at occo pulled back to tho beach and landed -amongst the wondering few who remained ' there. Mm. Trenoweth was the first woman that 'Michael Jasper eaw, and wheri sbe took the waif. so miraculously presorved her motherly tenderness was aroused and she claiinpd the care of the ohild. \- This was at once conceded, for there were no women-folk in the Jasper household, and the care of an infant would have boen awk ward. ' By diut ot care tbe child wus brought round and at daylight seemed little the worse for the awful exporieuce ot the ; night. Out of all on board the ship the child was the only soul saved, and tbe wonder lug people of St. Oolumb .regarded her— for It was a female— as specially under Divine care. There is no doubt tbat the cries which first attracted Jasper's attention came from romeone who had tbe child and was lust when tbe floating wreckage struck the ock. There was never the slightest clue found to tbe Identity of the lost vessel, and tbe only token discovered on the child was tbe name " Inez " ' broidored on one of Its gar ments. Mrs. Trenoweth, after consultation with her husband and wltb old Jasper'a consent, decided to adopt tbe little Inez, but the old man Insisted on his nnmo being given to her ae well ns that marked 'on her clothes, Tbe Trenoweth's ohild Edward was but a year old at tho time and thus the two ohlldron grow up together. Edward was fourteen when bo was sent to Eton, but tbe routine of aohool life wee extremely distasteful to him, and he longed for tbe wild freedom ot his Oornieh home. How he managed to remain two years at the great school it ie not oasy to explain, but during that ttinc he paid several visits to tbe Gove and eaah tirao be euw Inez Jasper hia boyish heart was more impressed with her. She was certainly growing into a lovely woman, - Her features were as Spanish aa her flrit name, and there waa little doubt ebe was of Southern extraction. v There waa nothing in common between her and the natures of the secluded hamlet, ' ' and consequently 'she was not, a' .favourite . with them .Edward Trenoweth was a spirited -and haffdsome youth and more to her liking. . ! The friendship that existed between thsm developed into ardent love ten hia part and' \- some degree of affeotlon on here. At beat it was but Lovo'e young dream, At the age of sixteen Edward departed -from Eton, or, rather, waa compelled to leaveowlngto a aerloua. disagreement with one of the masters. - During hie Wo year's sojourn there he ' had not wasted hia time but bad made fair ' progresswlth hie studies. Tne spirit ot his ancestora. seemed to 7 poBSesB bim, as he evinced a decided incll- Batten for the |lfe of a miner. Both hie parents tried to dissuade him i . from that. pursuit, but it waa in vain, and soon after be took part with, hia father Jn the working of the mine. .. ' , ..Thle pursuit possessed' an, infatuation for aim and' be speedily acquired a practical . knowledge of geology. His theoretical knowledge stood him in good need, and before ho was two years in the mine he Was regarded as quite an autho- \- rtty by the rough miners. This .was in the 'atteriendof 1865, aud uo one guesBed of ihe , awful calamity, that was evtn then , ' browing iti shadows ore tha dooued „ tanloti. CHAPTER III. - ' - ;j the wheal mebun. . One of the most auoienb mlnea in vener able Cornwall waa the Wheal Merlin. Its underground workings extended for milei aud formed a perfect labyrinth likely to prove fatal to tbe uninitiated explorer. Haviog been worked for hundreds of yekre nearly every spot woe hallowod or. cursed by the memory of a fatal disaster. The awe-struck mindr would show the visi tor places where human eclf-Baarlfico bad reached sublimo heights, or may bap where personal malico in vengeful mood bad in voked aid of death to remove a hated rival or to gain a little wealth. Every eubter. raaean gallery was filled with unwritten and Unpainted legends, but to the supersti tious miners and residents of the district they were infinitely rporo real and enduring than if wrought in marble or bronze. Con sidering the primitive manner in which the mine had for ages been worked it was a' marvel that the aooidenta bad not been more numerous and more serious. Even With simple appliances In use a. great depth had been attained, and the work of ages had caused the district . around St. Columb's Govs to be honeyeombed with un derground drives, ' In olden times the mine was noted for its . rich yields and miniature battles bad been fought for its possession. An ancient representative of tbe Treno weth family, who had been worsted above ground at the outpost from which .he de fended his property, took refuge below, and for several days fought the enemy 'in its drives, ' His better knowledge Of these ramifies- tioue enabled him to triumph, but tbe vic tory was a hard one. A villager named Peutold, who worked in the mine, was either bribed or foroed'into showing the enemy underground, and this man' paid dear for hia treachery. Having been captured, the enraged miners took him to the aurfaoe and then dropped him seven hundred feet to the hot- torn of tbo main shaft. Hie was one of the ghoate that was said to walk by the oredulous people, and when ever the phantom appeared it was looked upon as an omen of fast approaching evil to the people of the hamlet. Such superstition ss this may appear childish to tbe matter-of-fact people of to day in Australia, It should not be forgot ten, however, that even at this latter end of the nineteenth century there still lingers in many parte of Cornwall superstitious be liefs that ceased to obtain folio were in other parts about the middle ages. Mining ie essentially a precarious and dangerous calling, and in suah a remote spot as St. Columb's Cove— almoat out off from communication with tbe busy world, and in a locality where nature herself con spired to overawe man— there waa nothing strange In the fact that the miners employed in the Wheal Merlin ebould still cherish the legends of their forefathers. Indeed, they had some ground for the strange beliefs they held. - On more than one occasion weird predic tions bad been verified in a strange and remarkable way, Omcnv tbat could only have been of super- natural origin bad, through the key of cer tain prior prophecies been interpreted, and they had been .fulfilled. Moro tban.one- hundred years before the date on which this story opens an ancestor of Edward Trenoweth had met the phan tom of Fenfold In one ot tbe d'jyes of the Wheal Merlin. The spectre— so Trenowetn »ra— nolnted menacingly in a northerly direction, and then, like the usual orthodox ghost, vanished. Thls'Tronowetb was a man more than ordinarily sceptical for a Oorntsbraan, and he refused tc listen to tbe appeals made' to btm by certain ot the villagers when he told them of the apparition. They urged that ho should nob work in tbo mine for a week and a day or barm would befall hia. The period of a week and . a day was uni versally considered as tbo longest in which a spirit could exercUo a malign influence. Even Mrs. Trenoweth urged her husband to take heed of the warning given, but be was obdurate. He pointed oat, like a shrewd, sensible man that ho was, that he could not sea how working the mine would preoipitate bis fate any sooner than remain ing above ground for a few days and per haps baving-an encounter with some strag gling smugglers or pirateB who might drop Into the Cove, If hie hour had come his bolt wonld fall equally sure above ground as n few hundred feet below tbe surface. Tbia ib the view that the practical man of to- day would iako in such matters, but the sequel showed tbat Trenoweth should have taken the kindly advice. Nvl morning he descended tbe shaft in oompany with nine man who were embued with the courage of their master, but none' of them ever camo to the surface again altve. Shortly aftor noon an outburst of sly from the main shaft told tbe alarmed villagers that some catastrophe bad happened, and they Hooked to the mouth of the mine. Some of the experienced miners when tbey heard the tush of air knew but too well the nature of tbe fatality, \- It waa evident to them that an inrush ot water had taken place, aud this proved to, be the ease. When a few ot tho more daring desoended the ladders they found that the abaft was nearly halt full of flood waters. It was thirty feet above the drive where Trenoweth and. hie men were working, and It was certain that they must have per ished. They were wotking in tbe main drive to the north and tho fatality was soon found to have been' caused by the bursting in of water from an old mine that had hot been worked for a century. It was weeks before the bodies were re- coveredKjmd 'b villagers weitt about their teek ae if obeying a command of fate, ' They shook their heads and shrugged their shoulders but esid little, for tbey knew that Trenoweth had paid with bis life bis disregard of tbe phantom's warning. And ao from generation to generation these grim legends of spectial oppearnnoes sad their results were banded down until they seined on men's mfnda and beoamo clothed in the habiliments ot reality/pre. sentlng themselves ae infallible sullcles of fleBh end-blood, ..CHAPTER IV. THE CATASiilOPHE, It has already been, stated that' when Edward Trenowoth took obarge of 'ihe mine: be at'oncc lntroduoed nn improved eyetem . of Working. ' -By deeper slnkfug ho felt .justified in be 'lleving that be would be able to follow the rich' lode further seawards with perfect safety, in years gone by drives had been put in westward bb far as it was deemed j prudent, but a large portion of the lode which wae tbe richest iu tbe mine bad to be left un- worked through fear of the eea breaking through. Whou, therefore, Trenoweth pnt the west ern ebafl down a hundred feet and made a survoy, he calculated that he could drive a long distanae under the Oove without fear of a burst. This bo aot to work to do with; energy, and hie enterprise was soon rewarded. He bared a considerable portion of the lode and the returns it gave were rioher than thq oldest miner in the Wheal' Merlin could remember. In fact, it almost .ssemed ae If fortune were about to smile once again upon the Trenoweth family, and Edward felt proud to think that ere long he wonld be in a position to offer Inez a home worthy of tbe girl he idolized. It should be aald ' that ' these two young peeple, growing up together, bad come to loveeacb other, aud the villagers regarded It aa a matter of course that some day they would sparry. - The choice for either Ed ward or Inez ' in such si place as St. Co lumb's Cove, was, it Is almost needless to say, extremely limited, and to some extent this fact may account for the mutual affec tion which had grown up between them. Ae the lode turned out so well Edward put aa many men to work as could do so conveniently, and the drives were soon con siderably extended. As the uppBr- workings approxahed tbe sea they were abandoned and all the opera tions were confined to the lowest level, Month aftor month successful work was expended on this drive, and it so well re warded the owner that the almost extinct hamlet of Bt- Oolumb began to prosper. A mild sort of boom had aet in, and it only needed a few colonial " ayndicators " and npeouiatora to have established a fleet- ingoityin the venerable plaoe. In 1869 the prosperity of the mine was at its height, and the Trenoweth family were considered to be on the high road to wealth. In November of that year Edward made a survey of the lower western drive, and be calanlated tbat it extended folly one -hun dred yards under tho Oove. Hia intention was to oontinne the work ings to the outex edge of the Cove and then - discontinue. Prudence dictated to him that once .the open ocean was reaohed it would not be safe to drive, although the level might be for below the eea bottom. He knew the Oove sufficiently to under stand that .the eeaseleee beating of the Atlantio rollers on the Iron-bound coast could not fall, after ages of effort, to honey comb the cliffs. . In places where soft strata existed fissures would thus be worn to a great depth, and to drive In auoh a' plaoe would be to invite disaster. Inside the Cove the oaae was, of course, different. Sheltered from the fury and force of the eroding waves the weight of the water above tbe drive was the main . point to be consi dered. , ' At least tbat waa tbe view .which Edward' Trenoweth' took, and it Was "ono wbioh would be shared by most experts. As. Christmas time approaohed Trenoweth' deoided to celebrate the merry festival in a way worthy of bis name. He bad reason to bless the fost dying year, for wealth and happiness had plaaedtbelr benediction on him since the previous Christmas. Inez Jasper promised to bo hie wife, and the 'Wheal Merlin had given up some ot its buried treasure to him, He waa happy and desired tbat tho gooid villagers should share his joy iu 'eome measure. \- On tbe 20th of Deoember Morris Jones, tho underground boss— as the position is coloninlly termed — met Edward near the main shaft, and spoke to him— . " There is a good deal ot water coming up from the bottom of tho west drive, sir, near the end." " From the bottom?" Edward queried in - surprise, " Yte, sir." " 1 will go down and have a look at it. You must have struck a spring, suroly?" " It is a spring of salt water, then, sir," Jones replied. t -Without further conversation the two men went below, and thence along tbe western drive. About four feet from tho faco Trenoweth sure enough eaw a small spring of water bubbling up from tbe floor of the drive. yith tbe aid of the fllokering ligbte be made a careful examination of the drive la tha vicinity, but there was nothing to oause alarm, The roof of the drive was remark ably dry, and it was there tbat Edward looked for danger. Tbe men working at tho face seemed a bit uneasy at first, but . after Trenoweth's examination and his emphatic statement that there was no danger to be apprehended tboy.wera re- aseuredj As he turned to go bank Edward stooped to examine the strange, bubbling apray, It did not seem- to be increasing in flow and the force was not- considerable, so con cluding 'that it wos. only'tbe outlet of a email natural cistern be went baok agaln to the surface. 1 . . About noon on the 23rd , of December the Trenowetbe saw Jones coming to the houso, where he bad beep' during. the morning aoslatlng in the preparations for the Christ mas festivities,' Inez Jasper was with film, and Edward looked. the pioture. ot radlaDt happiness as he came out to meet. the foreman. " What's the matter now, Morris?" be asked. ' . " Well, sir, the men m the west are be ginning to get aleared. They ,'eay thero le dangerahead. The night eblft told me this morning that they heard quest noises, and that . fool, Jack Pehgelly, aweara he aaw rtrange figures standing at tiio entrance of the west drive and pointing down it," " Of course," laughed Trenowoth, " we mustn't blame the poor fellow for that. Suob superstition hat been bora in him. But it, you think there Is any danger," lie continued, anxiously, " wo must bring the men np at onoe." " 1 don't know what to make of it,, air,' replied Jpncs. " 8ometimes I think there Ib Ho danger, and then again I don't feel euro of it. That spring ie (till running, and' stronger than before— but it is not tbat I una afraid of. There Is occasionally a queer ring in the face of tha drive near the lode and if left alono for a low minutes small pieces scale off without' apparent cause: It is also getting much wetter; and, in fact, the wholo face le weeping" (viiiiiw term frr be Centiri veiL 