THE CURRAGH CLUB. AND A i CHRISTMAS STORY. By Tub Flaneur. ' Christmas comes but once a year,' exclaimed Murty as he finished titivating .our meeting-room, 'and the times are so tight that we musht make it go as far as possible. That's the raison I'm thtartin me decorashins so airly this time, and it's a nate little lot we have too. There's a shprig of holly sent out to meself, a pot o' rale shamrock presinted by that staunch Home Ruler, J. G. \J yjKJlllLKJly QKJtU.^ lid 1111. HiUlbOiA. *iwiw *»_i-ww«fc v.-~ ? , moss from Killarney Castle, and Andy's brewin' a jorum o* mountain dew that ud put life in th' mummy of one of th' owld Agypshun Pharoahs.' ' It'B good to lie here,' observed the Drogheda Man, ,'andto filjuLthat there is at least one spot where the good old Christmas customs and cheer are stil^ remembered. The world has grown far too matter, of- fact of late and we all suffer by the change. Not long ago when mention was made about improving part of Sydney, Capitalist Carey remarked. 'Something would be said about destroying the beauties of the city. Well, beauty must go down be fore trade' That is the rock upon which society is running now, and it rceans the wreck of all that is go'd-like and noble in our nature. England's gluttonous George saw nothing good in ' boedry and- bain tin',' and in like manner our Gradgrinds see nothing in the beautiful of ' either Nature or Art.' ^?Those are my Sentiments to a letter,' shouted Killarney. '?'Like' the Israelites of old we are sacrificing! everything to the worship of the Golden Calf, and unless we are precious careful everything like chivalry and sentiment ; will become things of the past. Weare forgetting the truths that Gold smith taught. Iran's best companions are innocence and health,, and, his; best riches ignorance of wealth. 'Thank God those we left behind in the old I land are not so ': wisely -f polish' as we are here. Archdeacon: Wynne, I see, tells us that most of all the good o\d Christmas customs are still kept up in my itative'.pliice.: In, Killarney the first sign of the approach of the Christmas season is the appearance in all the grocers', chandlers', and butchers' shops of giant candles standing nearly 5ft high and spirally adorned with gold 'and silver tinsel. Every family manages to purchase one of these candles, and on Christmas Eve it -will be lighted ceremonially by the eldest son of the £housi?, if he is present, and it will be left; burning when all the family have retired to rest. . ?,'\ Every cottace'window in Kerry will be adorned that high^^vith^its ; twinkling fire, which , will not be extinguished until daj'break, when the family turns out to first-Mas^ in the. frosty grey Christmas morning. 'It will be lifted again on New Year's Eve and Twelfth Nightr--' the Woman's Chrismas,' as they call it, because the women took longer than the men to come round to the 'new style.' This custom, unknown in Leinster and in nearly the whole of Ulster (it is. remembered by the old folks in parts of Donegal), is mainly confined to the extreme West and South. It is a pretty thought— these twinkling stars of Bethlehem, glimmering away all night while the people sleep. The origin may, like the fires of St. John's Eve, have been pagan, but the custom, taken over from the Fire Worshippers, has received a new meaning from association with Him who came to be a 'light to lighten the Gentiles.'' 'That same Archbeacon Wynne is a grand man,' remarked the Poor Scholar, 'and, he used to tell a story of a certain- agnostic.' ' ' Hwliat th'. cliyil sort o* ehtick is that ?' asked Andy, ' An agnostic.' explained the Poor Scholar, 'is a fellow who dosen't believe in either clergymen or doctors so long as he enjoj-i good health. The agnostic I refer to was seated at a crowded Continental hotel dinner table, and after engaging a mild-looking priest, Father H., in conversation, suddenly raised his voice so that all co .ild hear him and said: 'What do you think of this, sir ? When I was in Italy lately I saw on the door of the Church of St. Agnese, a table of indulgences, amongst which was a remission of 1000 years' purgatorial punishment on payment of one franc — about tenpence.' ' Everyone within range of the speaker stopped eating and bent forward- to listen, feeling very certatn that the poor priest was properly cornered thio time. 'Yes,' repeated the agnostic, ' I saw that with my own eyes, a 1000 years' purgatorial remission for tenpence. What do you think of that ?' ' What do I think of that r' said the good priest gaily. ? Well, I think it was dirt cheap. In the name of Heaven how many years more would you want for your paltry tenpence ?' A roar of Homeric laughter shook the room at this unexpected answer, and in a few minutes more the much travelled liar's chair was vacant.' . M Tradition says,'' remarked Murty, ' that the child who is , born , on Christmas ^morn will b 3 lucky in life/ for ever, afther;'- 'But there is no such think asluck,' said I.- 'Joe Cook has' just asserted that;' 'Joe Cook, said it, did he?' exclaimed Andy. 'Well, sliwate bad luck to him, but he oughtn't to talk, for he had a hape o' good luck himself the day his horse ' Sunshine ' won the ? ,' 'Pull up Andy,' I shouted. 'You're talking flat blasphemy now, for the Cook I re ferred to is not the trainer, but a pious P. M. G., who is still verdant enough to believe that merit alone makes the man in this country. 'Catching on to Murty's remark, however, I am afraid children will never learn the proper time or place for them to be born. If they did the million aire's wife wouldn't be compelled to nurse a poodle while the poor washer -woman of the slums falls over a child every time she stirs about the yard. I have a strong idea, however, that Christmas Day would be a most desirable time for a man, who doesn't happen to be a lightning- calculator, to get married on, because in after life he would then be able to remember when he was 'married without having to rush home and refer to the family Bible. If my salvation depended on it I could not say with any certainty what month I was married in. There is conclusive evidence (five of th'jm, in fact) to show that I was married, but as regards the day and date of that happy event I am as ignorant as the Iviama Ghost. 1 heard of one wedding which came off on Christmas Day, but the circumstances connected with it were bo novel that the story is worth telling. ' '. 'Old Peter Plummer was a wealthy miserly hunks, who lived in a dreary mansion on a hill over looking the town ofB— . .Hi* only child Marion (Australian for Mary Ann, in this instance) kept house for him, and the selfish swab, having decided to keep her to himself, had ordered her to never ' even look at a paper that contained the announce ment of a marriage. This had the usual effect, of course, and she promptly engaged herself on the quiet to young Percy Philander, a teller in the Bullion Bank. Marion was of the usual madetc order heroine type. Tall, fair and of queenly beauty (there isn't much beauty about our Sovereign Lady — m fact, there never was) ; eyes like stars, red coral lips, pearly teeth, hair like the mane, of a chestnut horse, and an alabaster forehead smoother than the elbow of an old, office-coat. When ths light of her face fell on Philander' s life he felt good enough to haul himself up by the straps of his boots f- the top of the .church-tower and pull the bell ropes for morning' prayers. These two wereall the world lo each other, but old man Plummer swore if e ever caught Philander about his grounds he'd. fill him so full of buck-shot that he'd -weigh pretty near a ton. ' The crisis came early one December (a little of the buck-shot came with it also), and then the loving pair decided to elope on Christmas Eve and trust for luck to the soothing influence which the Christmas season is supposed to exert on persons of the ' stern parient ' persuasion. Everything was fully arranged. Marion, after reading her pa to sleep as usual, was to pack her valuables in a bag and descend from a ladder which she would place beneath her bedroom window before closing up the house. Aboiit 11 p.m. on Christmas Eve, however, two men stealthily entered the grounds with the customary three paces and a dead stop and a hissing ' Hist ! ' of the average stage ruffian, and then pre pared to peg down on the lawn two large fishing nets which they prudently brought for the purpose of restraining the ardour of anyone who cared to interfere with their nefarious little game. When this was done one of the men whispered, ' We're in luck, Jim ; there's a ladder agin th' wall. You prowl round on the watch, and I'll slip up and tap the treasury.' ' It was a pitch dark night— a night even blacker than the character of Jabez Balfour, but about 12 o'clock Master Percy appeared on the scene just in time to see a figure on the top of the ladder. ? 'Tis she ! he whispered softly; 'none on earth but my love has such a sylph-like form.' 'Is the coast clear r' was the faint inquiry from above. ' Quite clear, my angel,' began the unsuspecting Percy; but he was cut short by a gruff growl of ' Don't be a blatherin' ass; catch this,' and immediately the poor banker had a carpet-bag as heavy as a keg of nails dumped on his head in a style that flattened him out on the grass, where he lay yelling like a wild whiskey-soaked Red Indian on the war-path. In the confusion that followed the ladder fell, but the burglar landed on his feet, and stood not on the order of going, but got over the fence with light ning speed. 'Seeing some one running, Percy thought it would be a good line to run too ; but he hadn't travelled far before he was tangled in one of the nets, where he lay bellowing like the Bull of Bashan. A few minutes later old Plummer and his daughter arrived, lantern in hand, on the scene. Both were in a considerable state of blue funk, but Marion's quick woman's wit came to her aid, and she said — 'I see it all papa. A burglar had robbed our house of all our plate and jewels, but brave Mr. Philander throttled him on the spot, tore the booty from him, but was overpowered by the rest of the gang in the moment of victory. Is that ?: not that the case, Mr. Philander?' ' Ye-ye-ye3,' stammered Percy, as Plummer helped him out of his tangle 'There were 14. of them, but I slew them all — leastways I made 'em clear out of this.' 'I'm a bit of a liar myself,' replied the relenting father, 'but you have Baved my gold, and I s'pose I must give you my gal. Bless you, me children. You can live on th' premises, and you'd better get hitched to-morrer, for these beggars may com« round again to-morrer night.' And so they were married on Christmas morn, and had twins every year, and lived as hoppy as people could under such de-* pressing trials.' ' Here's the punch now,' shouted Murty ; ' let it stand its thrial, too.' 