EASTER. A Meditation. The Victor to-day is the Son of man Himself, the Second Adam on whom God has laid the burden to stand for His brethren in the valley of Decision. It was not His own life, His own happiness, for which He wrestled those two nights with the angel of death ; it was the life of man, the immortality of man, the resurrection of many souls unto everlasting life. That was the joy set before Him, the crown for which He strove. And therefore, at this day, when we repeat the rapturous cry, 'He is risen,' when we throw down our challenge to ( the powers of darkness in the brave questioning, ' 0 Death, where is thy sting? 0 Grave, where is thy victory?' it is for ourselves, for our own deliverance, and that of those we love, that our hearts swell with so joyous an emotion, and our glorying is so triumphant and so true. Yes, on this day of days Christ our Lord is triumphing openly over principalities and powers, and we have our part in His triumph, and are following in His train, not as slaves and captives dragged behind His chariot wheel, but as ransomed nations keeping the faith, who rejoice to do our Redeemer honour, and to chant His praise. If you have any faith in our Easter story, in the great deliverance which Christ your Lord has wrought in your behalf ; if you have any ears for the Gospel message, any hearts or tongues to thank and bless God for His unspeakable gift, rejoice with us to-day and with the holy Church throughout the world, not only because of the dead that have gone before in Christ, because of the saints and excellent of the earth whom we know to have witnessed a good confession, to have sung their songs in the fires, to have cried the martyr's cry to Christ from torturer's cell, or crimson circus sands, or dreadful stake, but not less also for the sake of the ten thousand times ten thousand whose names are written in no book but God's ; whether they fell on sleep amid sorrowing friends on beds of pain, or gave up the ghost on fields of battle, whether through long wasting malady they kept the faith, or commended their spirits to God in the brief death-shock when the ship went down, whether it is for the sake of your own dead whom you have loved and mourned, whose graves you have planted with flowers and watered with your tears, or for the sake of your poor and unknown brethren and sisters perishing daily around you in their obscurity — for all these rejoice with us to-day, for the hope that has come to them and to us, through our Saviour's rising, of a joyful resurrection unto everlasting life. Yes, and in your Easter triumph do not forget what might have been, what must have been the case, if the tidings of the day had been different, if the words of a modern poet, 'Christ has not risen,' were no bold blasphemy, but the miser able truth. Remember, all that is dearest and most [precious to you and to me in things present or things to come is the outcome of that Resurrection. If love can now look love in the face and not be tor mented with the daily terror of an inevitable and irreparable loss ; if, at the grave's brink, husband can part from wife, and wife from hus band, and neither be overwhelmed by a grief that knows neither remedy nor consolation ; if the dearest delights of home and friend ship, the sweetest intercourse enjoyed by us below, are not marred and clouded with the sense of an approaching and eternal separation ; if the mother can clasp her child to her breast in ineffable affection, and not look forward to a day when it will be torn from her arms and lost to her for ever ; if in every home on earth there does not rest at this hour the darkness of an unextinguishable grief ; if in every human heart there is not left the unalleviable pang of a many-times repeated bereavement, it is because that Easter legend is no idle tale, ... but the tidings of a most true and certain deliverance and hope ; it^s - because Christ has risen indeed, and we have risen in Christ; it is because hell, that would have swallowed us up quick, has been com pelled to shut her mouth at us; it is because on that Day of Prepara tion in Jerusalem our Saviour went down into the grave with our sins on His head, and came back from the dead on that first day of the week with our lives in His hand. 