WAY OF THE Political Peeper and Social Salt. (By the Hen Editor.) I Cecil Rhodes, the Uncrowned King of South Africa, seems to be as well bated in France as bo is by the Matabeli. If he stays much longer in England it looks likely that wo will have a French fleet coming along here to capturo George Reid and accumulato the deficiency still further. The' day after tho old Czar is shoved under the new. Czar gote married. The idea, spooking plainly, is to breed another Czar without delay. Tho royal Btud cannot be noglected for indulgence in the ordinary griefs and sorrows of life. . ' "Further. Japanese successes." Another injustice to China. Tho Chow is good at raising early cabbages, but he can't raise courage worth a hang. The Japs are playing up with him worse than the "pushes." It is one long Waterloo with poor old John lately. a 1 Premier Reid promises the Legislative . - Council one in the eye at an early date. If IGecr'gie doesn't look out he will be making himself popular. .9 9 Brunkor is about the most serious man in a serious Ministry. He has never been known to make a joke, and. his smilo is as rare as the fulfilment of a weather predic tion. His colleagues, bar boss man Beid, are a square set solid-faced lot. An odor of sanctity pervades tho G.P.O. in particu lar. Thore tho visitors meet a parson in every passage-way, tho synod, whon sitting, takes its lunch on tho top of the clock tower. Serious Jacob devotes himself strictly to business in the Education Department. Humiliation and prayer pre vails generally in tho other departments. How different from tho lato rowdy-dowdy DibbB Cabinent! Ah, how different ! » o 0 The programme of tho W.C.T.U. is a pretty complete one. Amongst other things the suffering women want is tho abolition' of licensed grocers, theatrical performances, .dances, cards, Bporting nows, smoking, horse-racing, and tho general holiday on Cup day. , If the shal low-brained, shrieking, sexless creature known as the "reform woman" over gets on top she will clean sweat tho viciousness out of poor man. The life of anything in ; long trousers won't bo worth tho living. 0 0 0 Says the D.T. : — " Tho boat in Adelaide on Tuesday was so great that in the courts 1 barristers were permitted to take off tbeir wigs, and one judge fanned himself ou the bench." 4 Lauks a muSsy ! Look at that now. The harp, the harp : — 'Twos u 'orrid 'ot," tho Bar bad got Its handkorobiof to wipe the spot Whore its large, legal brains wero. The Judges grave, who toil and slave To quell tho thief and bnrglar brave All fnll of aches and pains were. The sweat ran down each horse- haired crown, And faaes red and p&rclimant-bound;, : Betrayed intenso distress, sirs ; Their Honors thoy (most kind, I say), AUowod tho " Boh " to pat away Their learned, legal dreBS, sirs, And one bold "J.," with charming way, In swoot coquettish, girlyplay, Upon tho Bench began, sirs, " To fan 'is bloomiu' 'ed "—as Bill, the craoksman, said— ".Lor', blimo 1 Kill mo doad, The Beak 'as got a fan, sirs." Hi, cook-a-doodlo-doo I Too whit, too whoot, ' too whoo ; Thoro was a sight for yon, Qmte eomio, oporatio — < A Bar unwiggod and bare, and while speo- \- tators Btare, A judge | with vigor, thoro, A fanning of his attic, 0 0 0 Newtown " foorce " has started a crusade against" cock fighting." It is only .of lato years that this historical and once popular amusement has boon interdicted, si good cock fight after all 1s not nearly as \- demoralimng'a spectacle as some boxing. exhibitions werhoveKwituessed. If epek- ' fighting had not been camedjqn -mostly onmvy-rnc.'ialfigi it'-Tnight still find a I—" place among the "legitimate sports" of the period. A good few people used to attend tho cook-pit instead of tho church; fieqee .some of the opposition which it eventually "evoked, Why shouldn't cock fights be " regulated ".like fist fights and _ other things. , ® "A British warship has visited tho island Malaytn and shelled a village. A F -number, of natives woro killed." Same time bloody Britain takes good care to go slow over the Madagascar trouble, and allows Russia, to trample on treaties in Central Asia. There is surely a judgment v, of Heaven ripening for. tho people that kill ignorant uiggors in cold blood and mns- sacro defenceless thousands of so- called rebels that -a few6qnare miles more of territory may be added to an already over- swollen Empire. 0 0 0 The resolution of the Sydney District 'Coupcil expressing indignation, at certain I " statements made by Sir Geo. Innes and Mr. Justice Stephen whilst trying Unionists -in the 'country ..recently has . been submitted to the Labor Party, by. whom the matter will probably be brought before- Parliament. How Innes and Stephen must, have chortlejl when they road it. A Supreme, Court judge is as far from the roqeh of the Sydney District Council and the Labor Party as the moon is- out of rango of the South Head batteries. « o 0 Now Caledonia now ceases to be a convict settlement. This is good- news. There avo something like 1000 escapees from that colony here already. 'It is to he hoped that the others in the French colony will remain there. Tho new Cale donian emigrants in Sydnoy aro chiefly engaged in house-breaking, brothel-keop- ing, forging, and similar genteel occupa- \- tions. The cleverest burglaries done in Sydnoy are done by convict Frenchmen, hut as about the only really smart deteo-. tive in Sydney is also a Frenc'iman, appointed especially to look after these gentry, the recidivists evil has not boon .. altogether an nnmixed one. 0 » The matron of tho Doniliquin Hospital has fonnd a man's boot in the river. There was a man's leg in the boot. The Deniliquin police are inquiring for tho owner of tho leg. Any lady or gentleman having lost a log can havo same on applying at the police barracks. Adyt. 0 o © . Mr. . W. T. Carter, ox-M.L.A. for. Wil- liamstown (Vic.), was imprisoned for. six hours on Monday, as ho declines to allow his children to bo vaccinated. Another Victorian citizen, not an ex-HJL.A., has got a week in " stir ' for the some offonce. Compulsory vaccination as at present carried on is responsible for more disease than a Newtown sewer. Scrofula, sypkil- . itic sores, itch, king's evil, and a thousand other loathsome complaints aro injected into healthy children ad. lib. Verily tho law lias long cars, and i3 rnoro kinds of Oss than any othor civilised institution on earth. 0 . 0 0 A young married woman, 26 years of age, living in Parramattn, partook of a cucumber salad hn Monday night, and died twenty hours., afterwards from choleraic diarrhoea. This is another demonstration of tho general liealthfulness of tho cow- enrabor as an article of diet. Tho last night I ate cucumber I fell down a well over four hundred feet deep, was rushed by a wild bull in the middle of a forty acre paddock, - assailed by a murderer, inter viewed by a ghost, shot at by a policeman, run over by a tram, and finally fired from t the mouth of a /cannon on board an iron clad in mid ocean. You can get more real solid nightmare and advenjiiro out of ono. cucumber than a wliolo complete edition of " Dead wood Dick." 0 0 10 Leah Abrahams, a widow, has failed in Victoria for .£20,000. Her assets are valued at .62000 more. After tliis there is nothing in a name. 0 0 - 0 Two bundles of cheques wero blown out of the Bank of Now South Wales at Parra- matta on Monday, but subsequently wero recovered on the roof of a shop 30yds away. When money begins to fly about like this the depression must surely be at end. 0 0 0 Mooro, M.L.A., tnrned poor E. W. O'Sul- 1 . .livan sick at tho &tomnch; on Tuesday evening by reading extracts from that portly member's Hansard of 1886. Therein the great and only E.W.O'S. appears as an ardent Land Taxor. Coming after O'Sulli- van's speech aggressive against Beid's proposed Land Tax it was a clean knook- ont. 0 o B . An amendment of the Bankruptcy and Divorce Acts should be included on- the programme of- the prosotit Government; Both badly want bringing up to date. Both are the cause of more real hardships to the more unfortunate among tho com munity than any other two enactments on the statute. This fact is being exemplified every day in the Supromo Court. ' 0 o What about New ZoalfUi'i ? One section" of wildroyed political cranks claim that she \- is" a land of Utopian Eldorado, whore every josser sits under his own rum barrel, and the shekels regularly flow into his lap. Another section says that Maorilaud is the worst-off colony in Australasia, which is right. Most- likely neither. N.Z.j desnita woman franchise and liberal legislation, is probably neithor bettor nor worse than any of the British- colonics. 0.-0. 0 A Btrike of performing monkoya has taken place at the Tasmanian Exhibition. ... Three lively mock mon got up a riot in the Tasisanian court, because of a disagree ment with- their boss over rations. Tho. exhibition manager cabled that Jules . Joubert cut a highryncnsatiomvl figure on the monkey trail in his pyjamas. Strike eventually quelled, and rioters brought to ' town without bloodshed. 