OUR LADIES' COLUIMN BY SussaDE;. LOCAL. WEDDING. ON Thursday morning, at 10 o'clock, at the Independent Church, Ferguson street, Williamstown, the marriage took place between Mr Alfred E. Smith, Government draughtsman in Newport Workshops, second eldest son of Mr G. F. Smith, our respected town clerk, of Melbourne road, and Miss Mary A. (Millie) Wilson, third eldest daughter of Mr J. Wilson, chief engineer a s. Melbourne, Power street. The marriage was celebrated by Rev. Handel Jones. The bride, who was given away by her mother, wore a pretty navy blue costume. - The sisters of the bride acted as bridesmaids. Mr W. Smith, of the Bank of Australasia, Wyche proof, acted as best man, the guests being the relatives of the bride and bridegroom.. .I like (says a writer to an English paper) some of the nursery superstitions. The thief in the candle; the stranger in the tea cup; the name that lurks in the coffee gmura : th bubbles in the tes cup that mean kisses;, lucky money; the burning of the right or left ears; the itching of the nose; tlhe itching of the eyes; turning the money at the new moon; the sneezing of the cat. All tlhese are [arm'ess little things at which the children laugh; they do not influence conduct-they make superstitions ridiculous. It would be a very pleasant thing for the Thirteenth Club to celebrate some of these superstitions; ani enormous number can be collected. The Folk Lore Society; the author of the " Golden Bough ;" the Physical Society could contribute hundreds of . these pretty, idle, merry little superstitions. But the club must invite girls to its evenings. What, for instance, without girls'to go out and look for it, is the use of the new moon ? Without girls to counteract the warning, what is the good of an itching nose? And, of course, for the Thirteenth Club' there are most-magnificent openings in the shape of ghosts of all kinds. But these things will follow in due course; " Lika Joko" is a most ingenious young gentleman. In the New Testament the twelve foundations of the New Jerusalem are represented as of so many precious stones, comprising the amethyst,. beryl, chrysolite, chrysopase, chalcedony, emerald, jacinth, jasper, sapphire, sardius, sardonyx, and topaz. The twelve foundations by some are sup posed to represent as many apostolic virtues, such as: 1\. Amethyst- Sobriety and temper ance. _ F 2\. Beryl'-Goodness of mind at all times. : 3. Chalcedony -Ardent zeal. 4\. Crysolite-Restrainied by . no obstacles. 5\. Chrysoprase-Severity towards sin. 3\. Emerald-Sauvity of manner. 7\. Jasper- Firmness and constancy. 8\. Hyacinth or Jacinth-Calmness in all things.. 9\. Sapphire-Heavenly and aedtifui thoughts. 10\. Sardius-Readiness for martyr dom. 11\. Sardonyx-Variety in teaching. 12\. Topaz-Healing powers. In case of fire, a wet silk handker chief tied without folding over the face is aeomplete security-against-. suffoca tion by smoke; it permits free breath ing, and at the same time excludes the smoke from the lungs. The "Daily Graphic" gives an ac count of life at Krobo, on the Gold Coast colony. One of the customs of the country is, that every girl, in order to become eligible for marriage, is obliged to leave her family and spend a period of 18 months on the sacred mount. Here she is instructed in housekeeping, etc. The idea is not a bad one. 