TPHE KING1 OF HEIARTM Br Oursau TurSraax. AN HISTORICAL ROMANCE Published by special arrangementis with Messrs. Ward, Lock 4 Bowden, Ltd. [ALL tIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER IV. A DARK NIGHT'S BUSINESS A tramp crouching from the driving snow behind some rotten hurdles, crouching there from dawn, till night fell on the London Road, saw all the actors in this drama pass before him on their way down to the Old Moat House in Kent-the long file of soldiers, a silent line moving mechanio ally through the grey morning light; Captain Foster, his head bent to the saddle-bow beneath the bitter blast, riding through deep drifts in front of Miss Hawley's chariot; the great state coach of His Grace the Duke of Cumberland lumbering by some I hours afterwards, the snow thick on the roof, the postilions plying whip and spur; finally, as evening fell, Mr Barsac and Mr Browne riding furiously, their capes streaming in the wind, their horses' sides red from the 1 rowels, a pair of as wild horsemen as a ,.solitary roadside watcher ever looked upon. 1 The tramp crouching by the aide of the London Road saw all these figures pass by I him in the order named in the course of a short winter's day. But he did not heed I them-did not connect them in any way i with each other. Why should he ! He had other things to think of ; how to keep him- I self warm for one. What to him were possible dramas in rich people's lives; Nothing. He just wondered where the soldiers were going to so early, thought that I the last two horsemen seemed hurried, and that is all be thought about the matter. He I coiled himself round two or three times like a dog, and fell asleep. And yet few + travellers have passed on one road to the + one goal, to issues big with impending fate, more fury-haunted, more possessed. Behind the charioteer of Miss Hawley's carriage in particular dark care sat perched. + uasce her fainting-tit the night before on the step of Mrs Comely's, Miss Hawley had + scarcely opened her lips. A cold terror + possessed this girl; she shuddered at the I thought that a weak woman's agitation might have betrayed vital hopes. A prey c in v-n, moment to a hundred fears, and bitter self-reproaches, silence was her sole I solace. By her silence sue could at least do I no furtherharm. She satso still allthrough the long journey into Kent-lying back in the corner of the carriage, closely wrapped in her furs, that her maid, a lynx-eyed, demure deceiver, who sat opposite, more than once thought that her mistress must have fainted, she lay back in the corner there so deadly still. Yes, deadly still, but with her heart beat- 1 ing wildly for the Stranger of Romance, for I the presence who had inspired her with an n ideal passeion-a passion born and fed only a by a picture-who for years she had known I and worshipped only through a picture, I who through a picture had recognised I her in an instant, had suddenly shone out of a sordid London crowd, like I some splendid knight-errant of the past, 1 nuielded her from a mob's brutal fury, I clasped her passionately in his arms ! And she-she had betrayed him like some nervous schoolgirl! The thought maddened her. c He might now be, at the very moment, as I she was sitting there in her comfort, and her luxury, a friendless captive in the hands of i implacable enemies. Ah, no I the very thought was too cruel for heaven to permit it. A girl's prayers must go for something -sach abominations could not be. o r doubt, in spite of her vile, criminal weak ness, the object of her adoration had passed vtsihout notice-had left England, had n Miss Hawley closed her eyes, half com- t forted. " Law, miss, look; there's a soldier." These words were spoken in vulgar tones r by Miss Hawley's maid, but no doom f thundered by Sybil ever fell more fatally on r hearer's ears. Miss Hawley rose from her seat as if electrified, and looked out. Yes, d sure enough, there stood one of the redcoats, a whom Jacobite instincts had led this young lady to look upon as accursed, smoking his a pipe quietly in front of a tavern-door. The - carriage was at this moment passing through i a village within a mile of the Moat House. I Miss Hawley pulled the check-string for the a coachman to stop. A servant alighted from a the box, and asked if Miss wanted anything. | "'Go into that house," said Miss Hawley, . "and ask a soldier you will find inside t what he is doing there." The man departed, after staring a little. k ?resently he returned and said "Tnere is no soldier there, miss." I W ' here is Captain Foster? Tell Captain a Foster I want to speak to hns." But Captain Foster had ridden on to the Moat Houuse to advertise their arrival. 1 Miss Hawley was now deadly pale. " Open the door," she said calmly, "I wish to-get out." The man muttered something about the + snow being deep, and the maid begged her + mistress not to catch her death of cold. 1 before they had either of them time, how ever, to take any further prohibitory measures, their mistress had leapt from the carriage, hurried through the deep snow, and presented herself suddenly in the midst of a circle of boors, who sat drinking and smoking m the taproom of the public house. She stood there for a moment so breath. less with her excitement and the suddenness of the action that she was unable to speak. She looked like some white apparition suddenly fallen upon this circle of ain. The .circle of sin, having. recovered themselves, rcognised her, and rose bowing. " Why do you tell my servant that there is no soldier here 1" she said. The circle of sin with one ecord said again that there was no soldier there. Miss Hiwley stamped her foot; it was a charac teristic action of hers. "'How can you tell such wicked stories ?" shesaid. "Iaw the man enterthe door with my own eyes." Tno circle of sin with one accord said again that there was no soldier there. Miss lHawley now paked for the landlord. She was told he was out. She then asked for his danghter. She was told that the daughter was ont too. Then Miss Hawley, addressing one of the circle of sin by his name, Joe Hobbs, asked how he dared to treatherin this disgraceful manner. And Joe Hobbs,for all reply, begged his humble duty. Said he meant no offence--didn't know how he offended. There was no soldier in the house, And then deep quiet del upon these elders. Mis-s Hawley darted a glance of violent iondignadion at the assembly of silence, left the room. and went back to her carriage, .ad gave the order, "Home." As thae sound of the departing wheels died away, each elder put a pipe into his mouto, and soldler fullyaccontred stepped out of a -spboar. aThe man wiped his forehead, said that he ad had a narrow squeak, swore the elders no secrecy, and having armed himself with a abottle of brandy, rejoined his companions, who were resating.in a sequestered barn. Miss Hawley a heart meanwhile burned it~in her. What was this wretch of a red. coat doing within a mile of her father's house . Why had the man disappeared so suddenl'? Ah; he was afraid of being seen. TheTO was some secret trap prepared for somebody; The man had no doubt joined hidden cp~anions. Treachery was in the air. Trecb-r~y aganinst whom! .Mia lawley felt chilled-wild fers pssed tumultuously throg?h her brain 'veeatly the stopping of the co~Ch told her .that sh wasat home. u Nowahe woid have an opportunity of collecting her thoughts in quiet. Quiet was what she wanted. She alighted, taking Captain Foster's hand mechanically, not aerning to recognise the appesling look in his eyes, or the hand pressure which sought to detain her. She broke from him, hurried up awinding staircase, along a gloomy corridor, locked herself feverishly into her room, It was a .psi, low, narPw ,?OPgL tls-t QuaDin M high-backed chairs, a Mall canopied bed in 1 one corner showed ghost-like in theflickering firelight. A window overlooked the most. In the gloom of the winter's evening which had closed in, the moat looked mysterious, wicked, deadly. The girl let her eyes rest on it for a minute, then drew the curtains close with a shudder. With trembling hands she unlocked her jewel-case and drew out a richly-chased casket. She kissed the case passionately, and then opened it with a cry of delight, and gazed rapt at a beautiful miniature hand somelyset in diamonds. Theminiaturerepre sented the hero of the episode outside Mrs Cornely's, the distinguished stranger whom Mr Barsac had described as Browne, and as it represented Mr Browne in the full costume of a Highland chieftain, wearing his own fair hair falling in rich curls to the shoulders, it showed a resemblance nothing s short of striking between him and Captain Foster. Then Miss Hawley fell upon her knees and prayed. She prayed long, wildly, for the sake of the man whose portrait she held to her heart-that safety which some strange, vivid woman's instinct, throbbing within her, told her she had endangered. She prayed that he might escape out of his enemy's hands, out of the hands of the wicked, bloodthirsty wretches who had hunted him down in times past (and here l Miss Hawley, with a shudder, put a little prayer for forgiveness for her father), onut of the hands of the wicked, who still I panted for that precious blood. i And as she prayed, Mr Barsac and the subject of her prayer, riding wildly through I deep snowdrifts, drew nearer and nearer on the London Road, and a magnificent travell ing-coach drawn by four horses entered the avenue leading down to the house; and after the magnificent coach, and unseen by its occupant, came, marching silently into the avenue, half a regiment of soldiers. They spread out right and left of the road; they lined the wood on each side; they drew a thin, red, cruel line round the Moat House itself, and, lying hidden, waited. And still the girl, kneeling in the gloom of the dimly-lighted room, prayed passion ately, in an ecstasy of rapt self-abandon- I ment, in a blessed unconsciousness of the fatalities that were mustering out there in the wild night-prayed the same burning, simple prayers over and over again-prayed with a faith that should have moved mountains, that the stranger might escape out of the hands of the wicked who panted for his blood. Suddenly, as if in answer to this prayer, confused noises interrupted it. Carriage wheels grinding over loose stones, the open ing wide of creaking doors, orders shouted, hurrying steps, the many- voiced hubbub which heralds.the advent of a distinguished guest; and then, after a silence, a heavy, solitary tread on a stone floor-a tread which had something pitiless in it. 1 It was the Duke of Cumberland. An hour afterwards the large bell of the Most House ringing for dinner fell upon the ears of two travellers, as they rode isercely up to the door of the small villageinn. The first of these two men called loudly for the ostler, the other sat motionless in his saddle, sombre, his hat pulled over his brows, his head sunk upon his chest; he looked spectre like seen thus, through the steam rising from his heaving horse, The first of these men, who was Mr Barsac, dismounted, and gave his horse to the ostler. "We are for the Moat House," he said; " we leave our horses here." The man said that they were wise not to risk a ride down a frozen precipice in pitch darkness. He then approached the other's i horse and laid hold of the rein. But the rider, speaking thickly, told him with a curse to stand off. 'Why, Mr Browne," said Mr Barsac, "'we dismount here, if it please you. The descent to the Moat House is so steep, the road so slippery, the night so dark." " That If purpose riding back to London." With one of those curionusly alert move ments of his, Mr Barsac caught the bridle of the speaker's horse just as his rider turned him suddenly to carry out this resolve. "Sir," he said, speaking nervously and rapidly "'tie impossible for me to believe from what I have seen of you that you can really meditate such an act of discourtesy." " Discourtesy, sir I And in what, pray, does the discourtesy lie! I am not expected at your Moat House." p "No, sir; but you have prevailed upon me to introduce you as an uninvited visitor. You have caused me a long ride in bitter weather. I have performed my part faith fully at probable injury to my health. 'Tis not agreeable to see such labour wasted for a whimun, if you will excuse the speech." And Mr Barsac bowed his reproachful courtesy. Wounded self-esteem was in his tones; but he kept a feverish grip of the stanger's bridle. The stranger seemed toucohed. " Whims govern me, sir," he said, and he laughed a little wildly; then threw himself off his horse rather than dismounted. "Show me where the lady lives, sir." "If the gentleman means Miss Hawley," began the ostler. Mr Browne gave a great start. "Hawley !" he exclaimed, turning pale. "Orley, Orley," said Mr Barasc, with a soft impetuosity. "These rustics never spare themselves an H." And then he 1 turned and withered the ostler with a look. This look of Mr Barsac's was simply devilish. "Orley," said Mr Browne. " Orley! Hawley 1 God I what an extraordinary thing !' Then thickly to the ostler retiring with the two horses, "Ho I there, yonu, sir ! Send me out some brandy, d'ye hear ! Pah ! a -the very name's mention makes me, as it were, faint." "Ah, unpleasant recollection associated with it, sir!" said Mr Barsac. "An infernal one, sir. Where is this brandy !" It came in a moment or two; brought in by a strapping, rosy-cheeked barmaid, who eyed Mr Browne admiringly, and asked whether he would not take it inside, out of the cold. MrBrowne, with great gallantry, touched the girl under the chin and said, " No, thanks, pretty one." Then he took a good draught, and gave the girl a crown to buy herself some ribbons with. "I feel better, sir," he said to Mr Barsac, who hsd watched this interlude with smiling face. "Shall we proceed " "At your pleasure. Thank you, no brandy. I will just borrow a lantern from the people of the house here, and then we shall be quite prepared." After a minute or two, Mr Barsac re turned, carrying alarge lantern in his hand. This lantern was not acquired by Mr Barsac for the purpose of showing a road which he knew perfectly; but for the purpose of showing Mr Browne perfectly to his captors, who did not know him. The two men passed away together into the night, Mr Barsac walking quite close to Mr Browne, whose movements were a trifle unsteady, pressed him to put his arm in his, and trust entirely to his guidance; but the stranger refused this proffer irritably; ex plained that he was a mountaineer; that, compared with his past experiences, the road showed no difficulty. So they walked on through the deep snow aide by side. In the middle of an abrupt descent Mr Barsac paused. He pointed with a hand which trembled slightly to an entrance gate on the left. This gate was the month of the trap. The woods beyond it swarmed with soldiers. "This is our way, sir." Mr Barsac's voice trembled like his hand an he spoke. " And as our way runs now through deep woodlands, it is well that I am come pre pared." "'Tis a strangely out-of-the-way place, surely, that you are leading me to," said Mr Browne. "It iu an out.of.thonway place," said Mr Barsac. He laughed unpleasantly, ad led the way into the wood, preceding Mr Browne, and throwing the light of his lantern neither on the right nor the left, but very carefully straight on to the road in front of him. The track plunged down now, alnost pre cipitously, through dense coverts, which had been allowed for years to run riot gnarled boughs of oaks twisted themselves overhead-the darkness was inipenetrable. Mr Barsac, walking cstjiously in front of ii vjiotiim, *CAcm. to joo s1 he pui breetd of the ambuscade strike his face on either side. Arrived at a certain bend in the road, in the very densest part of the plantation, Mr Barsac snddenly turned, and flushed his lantern full on Mr Browne's face. "Take care here, air," he said, "or you will fall." The action was instantaneous. But in that instant the eyes of the ambuscade devoured their victim. Fifty soldiers lying on each side of the path saw this man's face revealed to them with an instantaneous vividness with which they had never seen face revealed before. The dark curls, the handsome voluptuous features, the melan choly expression, the pose of the head flared suddenly upon them--a light out of dark ness. There could be no mistake in the future on the part of these men. For the identity was unmistakable. It was an eternal photograph. The gate at the top of the wood, which Mr Barsac and Mr Browne had left open, clanged behind them. Mr Barsac turned his lantern from Mr Browne's face, directed it to the path in front of him; once more recommenced the descent. Suddenly he felt the cold muzzle of a pistol pressed against the nape of his neck. He was seized in a grasp of iron, and a voice said quietly in his ear " Tell me why you flashed that lantern on my face, air, or I will blow your brains out." The cruel fear of death seized Mr Barsac -for a moment paralysed tongue, limbs, brain itself. He lived a whole life in an instant. Then in the very jaws of destruc tion his instantaneous insight into the situs tion returned to him. In a moment saw what was to be done. He feigned a slip, fell upon the lantern, extinguished it, broke it to atoms. "Now he will not be able to see them," he said to himself. As the very words were on his lips, and as if to give them the lie, the moon burst through the clouds. It flooded every cranny of the wood with mystic radiant light. It revealed the old Moat House lying immedi. ately at their feet, with such surprising vividness that Mr Browne's eyes remained fastened on it, as if it had risen from the ground an enchanted palace. It revealed also a redcoat half-hidden behind an oak tree. It was but for an instant that this burst of moonlight fell; then all was dark ness again. There was a moment's silence. Mr Barsac rose from the ground. He thought the stranger had not seen. "Yon are mad, sir, surely," he said. And the voice of Mr Browne made answer in the darkness in tones more melancholy, mre fateful than Mr Barsac had ever noticed in it before. " Lead on, sair . . . Lead on!" There were four people seated, at this moment, round the dinner-table in the great hall of the Moat House. Two these, Captain Foster and Miss Hawley, sat silent, eating little, drinking nothing, eyeing each other now and again furtively, palpably oppressed. Captain Foster seemed especi ally under the influence of some disturbing secret. At the slightest sound ountide he started, looked at the window, looked at the door, then looked at Miss Hawley. There was misery in this look. There was also pity in it. At the third or fourth start of this kind which the Captain made, the other two diners noticed his agitation. "Hang it, sir, sit still, will you'" said one of them, a lean, wolfish-looking old man, who sat at the head of the table. "Gad, the boy starts as if he expected a dun," said the other, a burly, butcherly looking gentleman, who sat under a sort of canopy of state at the other. The first of these speakers was General Henry Hawley, who had commanded under the Duke of Cumberland at Culloden. The second was the Duke of Cumberland himself. General Hawley was a man of about fifty. But he was bent in the back, grizzled. His aunt face, long almost as a wolf's, was drawn a little down on one side. It was a mask merely - lined with age and pain, already half paralysed. This man who, in earlier days, had ordered his victims to be hung up in front of his parlor windows to help him digest his breakfast, seemed to feel in his lonely retirement the aid of some such digestive. General Hawley's food had long ceased to nourish him. He was a living skeleton, who lived on liquids. For months no solid food had passed his lips. To-night, however, in honor of his distinguished visitor, he made from time to time a ghastly pretence at eating. This attempted gour mandise was horrinle. General Hawley's distinguished visitor, though he was at this time but forty-one years of age, suffered like General Hawley himself from a premature decrepitude-but yearsofexcess had branded him in a different way. A deplorable obesity weighed him down. Racked with gout, his swollen bloated face, his huge unwieldy form, his blood-shot eyes, were signs enough that he preferred the torments of disease to the tedium of regular diet. Always an in. temperate liver, the Duke of Cumberland had to-night eaten and drunken beyond even his ordinary fill. He leaned heavily back in his arm-chair, breathing stertorously. The hues of apoplexy appeared upon his brow, but his blood-shot eyes remained still fixed on the bottle. Miss Hawley, sitting like a wood nymph between a lean and a bloated satyr, had several times risen to leave the table (it was evident that an orgie was about to set in). but each time her father, rousing himself from his gorged reverie, had told her to sit down. Suddenly there was a lound knock at the outer door. There was something ominous in this knock. Captain Foster started. He intercepted a look of inquiry from Miss Hawley, who turned pale. The Duke of Cumberland raised his black eyes slowly from the bottle. "A visitor, Hawley," he said. " No doubt the one the Captain has been expecting." "No visitor enters the Moat House to night," said General Hawley. His daughter now interposed. "Think, sir," she said, "this may be some poor traveller who has lost himself in the snow." "Then the poor traveller may rot in the snow, miss.:' The Duke of Cumberland, still supine under the canopied chair, emitted an amused gurgle. The brutality tickled him-re minded him of better days. WVhile he was still gargling, a servant entered with a letter. He gave this to General Hawley, with a grovelling subservience which this master exacted from his honusehold. The General first glanced at the signature. This seen, he read the letter attentively. Then sat up in his chair and read it again. [t evidently surprised him. The letter ran thus:-" My General Hawley, I am here on State affairs this night, with one who little knows into whose house he is coming, or that he is my prisoner. To prevent un necessary violence, be pleased to suppress your famous name, as also that of your distinguished guest.-Yours to command, Barsac." General Hawley folded the letter. " Mr Barsac is without on State business," he said. Miss Hawley gave a great start: she gasped, "State business !i" Her father looked at her keenly. "Yes, miss, State business - and therefore no business of yours." Then, turning to the Duke, "If it please your Highness, we will see this Barsac. He is a known and trusted agent, and he brings a stranger with him." Miss Hawley rose at the word " stranger," as if she had been shot. All her unformed fears of the last twelve hours stirred into audden life. She made a sudden motion to leave the room. "Sit down, miss," said the General. Then the girl obeyed the order: General Bawley once more turned to his guest-"Is it your Highness's pleasure that we have this fellow in!" he asked. His Highness gave his permission by anod and a grunt. At the same time, he desired that ceremony might be sent to the deuce, and reached out a gouty hand for the bottle. "Show Mr Barsac and the stranger in," said the General. The servant departed. There was a pause- broken only by the gurgling sound 'f wine rushing down a Royal throat, the servant's uanick tread sros the orty the oUtrd, the unbsrring of the utser deor, Dnrin thi pwu,, which seemed to her to last boars, Miss Hawley kept her eyes fixed on Captain Foster's face. She saw her lover change colour-grow as white as a sheet-for the first time that night, pour out a bumper with a trembling hand and drink desperately. "Captain Foster," she said, looking at him as if she would read his very soul, " you know this stranger, I think." "So do you, madame," cried Captain Foster, throwing his glass on the table and starting from his chair. "What !" cried the General, turning a terrible look on his daughter, as she stood transfixed with terror, holding her hands on her heart. " What 1 " " Hush !" said the Duke of Cumberland, with something of an aroused interest. "Your stranger is here." And slow foot steps sounded on the stone hall. She knew them in an instant-in one wild moment divined what was coming-sounded the whole horror of the situation to its very depths. This girl lived a whole lifetime in this tremendous interval. But at the close of it she had made up her mind what she shewoulddo. There should be no recognition this tune. A second after she was face to face with him again. He came from behind a hign screen, which had been placed against the door, paused gracefully, made a slight inclination to the people seated at the table. He was very pale, his dress was in disarray, his crumpled linen still bore the signs of Mr Baraso's late despairing clutch, but he looked the chivalrous gentleman that he was, standing there, as motionless as a picture, with Mr Barsac's evil face peering over his shoulder. "I have lost my way, I fear, sir," he said, in his low melancholy voice, "and intrude where I have no business. This gentleman, however, who rides with me, tells me that he is known to you, and has prevailed upon me to throw myself on your hospitality for a night's shelter." He looked at the Duke of Cumberland as he spoke, supposing him, from his seat under the canopy, to be the master of the house. The Duke, after eyeing him in differently, pointed to General Hawley. " You are welcome, sir," said the General. "Will it please you to sit down. My daughter - Captain Foster. You are acquainted with both already ?" " No, sir," said the stranger. He sat down by Miss Hawley's side with such an easy, unembarrassed air, that Mr Barsac even, still standing at the back, an amused spectator of the scene, eyed him with amazement, almost with admiration. It would have been impossible for any one to have supposed for a minute that the two had ever met, and seen each other before. But it would not have been so impossible had Mr Barsac been gifted with second sight, had he been able to see, to feel the wild hand-clasp eloquent of sympathy, caution, love, despair, with which the pale, unmoved girl greeted Mr Browne under the table. Gestures are some times eloquent. This hand-clasp told Mr Browne all. A charming smile played on his lips. He bowed his head slightly, in mute recognition, then looked up and saw General Hawley's filmy eyes fixed on him-fixed upon him un certainly-in a curious prolonged stare. " You were fortunate, Mr Browne," said he, seating himself, "in riding with one so well acquainted as is Mr Barsac with these inhospitable parts. Without Mr Barsaso's guidance you would hardly have found shelter." "Hardly, sir, I believe, But I do not see the gentleman. He has not left us, surely ? " "For amoment, sir. Mr Barsac has some alight preparations to attend to." The stranger looked up suddenly, and intercepted a glance full of meaning between General Hawley and the portly person still lounging back under the canopied chair on his right hand. "I think I still lack the honor of an introduction to this gentleman," he said. "Content yourself, sir," said General Hawley. "The honour will be yours in time. For the moment the gentleman prefers to remain incognito." Mr Browne coloured high. In spite of another wild, hidden pressure of Miss Hawley's hand he eyed both his host and the gentleman who preferred to remain incognito keenly. This glance was returned by both gentlemen with interest. At this moment a servant brought in some dinner on a tray for the newly arrived guest, and a large flagon of old Nantes orandy. Mr Browne's attention was instantly distracted. He attacked the victuals fiercely. The two elderly gentle men passed the brandy bottle between them -with equal gusto took long fiery draughts. Captain Foster alone sat silent, brooding on the opposite side of the table with his face covered with his hands. There was a silence. When Mr Browne had finished his meal, he pointed to this despondent figure. " Captain Foster does not drink," he said. "No, sir," said Captain Foster, not look ing up. "Then with your permission." And Mr Browne took a great draught of brandy. Miss Hawley rose. "Sit down," said her father. "Where are you going ?" She said that if she might be excused for a moment she needed her smelling-salte. They were in her room. This in reply to Captain Foster, who offered with no great alacrity to get them. She left the great hall by a small door in the corner, which opened immediately on to the staircase. She leaned heavily against this staircase for a moment, clutching the balustrade fiercely, afraid that she was going to faint. Then, when after a great effort she had regained possession of herself, she went fleetly up stairs, crept through her darkened room, and, shrouding herself behind the curtain of the window, looked out. She saw Mr Barsac in earnest conversa tion with a soldier on the bridge over the moat. There were two bridges over the moat, besides this one immediately below Miss Hawley's bedroom window. The girl visited the two rooms, one of them the Duke of Cumberland's, which overlooked these two bridges; on each bridge she saw the same chilling sight-a soldier silently on guard. The Moat House was surrounded. Miss Hawley bathed her forehead with scent; then she went down again thought fully, quietly, to the great hall.. For a moment shej paused at the door, listening. Loud voices were raised; bursts of thick laughter breaking upon, these, proclaimed the nature of this interior. Miss Hawley braced her nerves for a chilling sight, and entered. It was well for her, steel-hearted as she was, that she had braced her nerves. The sight was indeed chilling. The Duke of Cumberland had risen from his canopied chair. Maddened with final draughts of brandy, following potations already deep, his brain had turned. Resting his huge bulk heavily on the table, he ad dressed an imaginary assembly. In hoarse, thick accents he recounted the glories of Culloden - the brutal massacres which, directed by himself and his gallant friend opposite, had followed hard on that dire day; and his gallant friend opposite bowed his livid, ghastly face repeatedly on to the very table, in mute approbation of each sickening scene. Between them sat Mr Browne, his hand clenched round his glass, his deadly pale features writhing fiercely at each red recollection. Opposite to him Cap. tain Foster stared aghast. Standing there, a silent, horror-stricken spectator, Miss Haw ley remained unrecognised. In vain she tried to attract Mr Browne's attention-to motion caution, self-command, anything that frantic gestures of a girl already half distraught could impress on a man in deadly danger. Carried away with rising excitement, his pale lips mechanically repeating phrases of the deadly tale, Mr Browne sat there heed less of her presence, like some wounded lion crouched for the avenging spring. At last the climax came. WVith a sudden change from mad vemon to drunken jocularity the hero of the day described his recipe for suppressing revolts. He painted the roads from Inverness to Fort Augusnatus on the morning after the battle. Castles, houses, huts in flames I A whole country ravaged with fire and sword I Men hunted andaesot down on the mountains like wild beasts I Women violated, after havisg been forced Ippeten of their hutands' ~ewoqtion II Whole families shut in barns and burnt to ashes I It was a saturnalia of slaughter, told by a madman. And the stranger-Mr Browne-what of him? Repeating phrase after horriule phrase louder and louder, till his voice swelled above the reciter's, the man's long pent-up rage found sudden, furious vent. He saw nothing of the hall of the Moat House, no. thing of Miss tiawley's imploring gestures, no thing of the present peril which hemmed him on all sides-nothing of all these-only in one wild vision the bleak Scotch hill. sides sown with his slaughtered friends, the blazing villages-a whole country desolated for his sake-and the guilty two I He dashed the glass which he held clutched in his hand with such violence on to the floor that it flew into a thousand fragments. Hie reared himself to his full height-his voice rang out like a trumpet summoning the guilty to judgment. " Murderers," he cried, "I know you now By your works-at which a whole world has shuddered-by your works I know you I Outragers of humanity I Twin fiends of Hell I I know you, Bloody Hawley I and you, Butcher of Oulloden I " (To be Continued.) 