DOING BUSINESS EOR GOD. BY BEY. A. C. DIXON, D.D., Known as the Spurgeon of America. Wist ye not that I must be about My Father's business? — Lukri ii., 49. WE know Christ well enough as a Saviour, Mediator, Prophet, Priest, and King. This text introduces him as a business man beginning early in life. At twelve years of age he has a serious purpose, and we wish you to consider for a few minutes how we may be like liirn in doing business for God. I. THE CAPITAL ON HAND. 1\. Let us invest for him every grace that he has given. Have you a little faith ? Begin to use it. It will never grow until you do. Is your love weak ? Cultivate it by bestowing it upon those whom Jesus loves. "I have no money," said an old man during a collection for missions, "but 1 will double my prayers." Such an investment is more needful than money. A sick young woman drew off a list of all the unconverted in her pastor's congregation, and persistently prayed for them until she heard that each one was saved, and, as the news of salvation reached her, she checked off that name until there was a cross-mark opposite almost every one. To pastor and Church and God that praying invalid was worth more than a dozen millionaires. 2 Invest the mind for God. " Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy mind." Is it logical? Reason for him ! Have you a financial turn, a capacity for making money ? Let such be your holy calling. Have you a gift for organising ? You are needed in the church. O that some of you business men would apply your faculty for organisation to the work of the church ! Do not expect the pastor to do all the planning and organising, after he has spoken more than a lawyer, written more than an editor, and visited more than a doctor. Three men in one is about as much as he can be. Put your business sense into the work of God. The. super- natural does not exclude the natural. Faith uses sense; and that uncommon commodity which we term "common sense" in our church work is of great value. 3\. We should invest our bodies. "Present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto. God." There are some who would give their hearts to Christ while they keep their bodies for themselves. Remember the body is the temple of the Holy Ghost. God dwells not now in houses built of mar- ble and granite and brick. His place of abode is the movable temple called the body. Woe to him that defiles it! More sacred than any four walls in this city our body. Carry it not where God can- not go with you. Do not let anything enter it that defiles. No Christian can be a walking demijohn. With a pure body married to a pure heart there is certain to be the offspring of a pure life. "What are you doing?" said a friend to a sturdy blacksmith, as with heavy hammer he made his anvil ring, while the sparks flew in every direction. "I am preaching the Gospel to the regions beyond." replied the Christian blacksmith, as he swung his hammer a little more cheerily. With his muscle he was beating gold and silver out of the hot iron. Such a motive transfigured his business. His humble vocation was God's delight, and the sooty blacksmith- shop a place which angels were glad to visit. Mr. Spurgeon received into his church a converted athlete "What canyou do for the Lord?" he ask him. "Well, pastor,'' replied the rough fellow, "I have not much mind, little education; but two of the best pair of legs God ever save a man. If he can use them, he is welcome to them." 1 And he did use them, scattering tracts, asking persons to the church, devoting himself day by day to such things as he was fit for. 4\. We should invest our money for God. Much as it is needed, money is the thing most easily gotten. We take up a collection for any good cause, and every person in the house will respond ; then we try to gather workers for an inquiry meeting who will talk face to face with men and women about Christ, and we find but a beggar's dozen. Many are willing to give their money, who will not give their services. Nevertheless, money, the love of which is the root of all evil, consecrated to God; is a mighty force for good. Giving is a cleansing process. It is well once or twice a year to clean up the premises, to go from garret to seller and throw out the rubbish, brush off the dust, paint the house: but a better way to cleanse what we have is to give some of it to God. If we simply receive and give off nothing, our lives will be a dead Sea. While the Jordan of prosperity pours in at one side, let the Jordan of benefaction ?our out at the other, if we would keep sweet and clean 5, Invest 'opportunities for god. " Redeeming the time ;" which means bying up the opportunity, not simply wait£3g$?or ilie opportunity, but making it— turning up .something when nothing will turn up for itself. Mr. Rainsford, of New York, won Fred Charington, of London, to Christ by a few words spoken in a railway compartment. Charington today is doing about the m'ghtiest work in the great city. Those few minutes were his opportunity, and he invested them for God. I met a young man while visitin* one of my members, and had to wait with him live minutes in the parlour. During that time I spoke to him of Christ and prayed with him. As the result of that opportunity invested he is to-day a preacher in a Western State A man called to see Major Whittle in Chicago, on Monday morning, sat in the office for half an hour, and talked about the price of brass. His wife meeting the major iu a few days afterwards, wanted to know if he talked to her husband about Carist, for that was his object in calling. "Why, iso," said Major Whittle, " I never thought of it, we talked of nothing but the price of braes I alking brass instead o£ improving the opportunity for winning a soul! The opportunity was gone. Dr. Chalmers spent a whole evening with a pleasant party in which was a man seventy-four years old, and he felt impressed several times to speak to him about his soul. Next morning the old mad was found dead in bed, and Chalmers' life-long regret was that he did not invest that opportunity for Christ. There are moments that are worth millions, moments in which a word may be spoken that will change the course of an immortal soul. Be watchful, ye nien of business, for opportunities to make money ; be just as anxious for opportunities to make friends for God. (To le continued.) 