THE CLIFF-CLIMBERS. CREGBY is curiously placed high up on a plateau overlooking the sea. All round the village there is rich farming land, but this ends suddenly to the cast ward in a great pale wall of limestone overhanging the sea for several miles with never a break, and forming between die plane of the land above and the plane of the water below a curious verti cal world, some hundreds of feet in depth, which belongs to neither. Hither i in the breeding season come myriads of i .eabirds-guillemots, razor-bills, puffins, and kitdwakes-in obedience to an in ?tinct which is older than all human his tory; and here on the bare ledges of die cliffs they lay their great eggs and aefek to rear their unshapely chicks. For these eggs there is always a ready .ale, and it nas been the custom of the villagers for many generations to gather, In due season, this harvest of the rocks during Bix weeks of every year, in June and roe early part of July, earning there by a greater profit than their ordinary field labour would give them. This har vest is regulated by ancient custom, and by some curious unwritten law of Cregby certain families have the monopoly of it. One of the most ancient stems of this climbing aristocracy was the family of die Cowltheads. So far back as the parish registers reached, or the grave atones in the little churchyard were de cipherable, there had always been Cowl theads in Cregbyj and no one has ever heard of a time when the right to climb die very best part of the cliff has not belonged to them. Yet in the course of ages it happened to the Cowltheads, as to many another ancient family, that the stock grew feeble, and it had come to pass that although there was still nominally a Cowltheads gang, its leader bore another name. At the time referred to there was but one Cowlthead who climbed, and he, Simon, was a raw youth, clever enough with the ropes as every one owned, but for the rest entirely lacking experience and com mon-sense. So young a man could not faave been accepted by the other climbers hid it not happened that he was the only one of the family available. His father, Dick Cowlthead, a dull, heavy man wanting in enterprise, had gone to the cliff for'several years, but had made no headway, and willingly sank under the guidance of an energetic newcomer with out any hereditary claims, a newcomer who was at first only a stop-gap, taken on when another of the old families 'ran to women-folk,' and could supply no climber. And while yet in his prime the rheumatism (no doubt, had he been a ridier man, the doctors would have called it gout), had stiffened Dick's limbs so that he could no longer work the rope j after which there was nothing for it but to leave climbing and confine him self to such field-work as he could do. But that the family might not altogether lose its much-needed share cf the egg money, it was agreed that his eldest son Simon, a lad of sixteen, should be ad mitted into the gang. This lad was by no means a favorite in the village. It was his unfortunate fate to have been born with an ancestral taint in the form of an uncontrollable predilection towards waggery, while for the rest he was unfortunately like his lather, exceedingly dull and stupid, a heavy-faced, tow-headed country lout of the most pronounced type. Now a joker with wit is often more or less of, a nuis ance, but a joker without that quality is always an absolute infliction, especially in a country place. And as the playful ness of a young bullock was grace itself compared with that of young Simon Cowlthead, it is not at all surprising that the inhabitants of Cregby came cordially to detest this ungainly youth, and to visit their displeasure at his mischievous pranks upon various parts of his youth ful anatomy. It may be readily imagined that this youth was from the first a con stant source of anxiety and annoyance to the shrewd and energetic John Bower, the man who had worked his way to the head of the gang. The methods of the climbers are so simple and securc that accidents are of rare occurrence. Sucli as do happen are chiefly small injuries from falling stones dislodged by the friction of the rope as the climber swings himself below. Of the three men who form a gang one de scends to do the actual work of gathering the eggs, while the other two remain above at the more arduous, if less dan gerous, task of lowering and hoisting their comrade. At the spot selected for a dcscent a stake is driven into tlie earth near the edge of the cliff, and to this stake a stout cord is fixed. This is the handline, which serves for signalling and to relieve the strain on the main cord. Then the man who is to dcscend adjusts about him a double loop of rope, or short breeches of canvass, at the end of the much stouter climbing-rope, and some times may further secure himself by a strap passed loosely round the hips. All being ready, the climber taking up the hand-line walks downs the short slope which caps the precipice, passes over the verge, and is lost to view, while his two comrades, seated above, with feet well planted in little pits cut out of the turf, brace themselves to their labor, making of their thighs and bodies a living brake. And thus they hoist or lower the climber, according to the nature of the signal which he gives. If he be skilful the man below will greatly lighten their labor, by supporting the greater part of his weight on the hand-line at the instant that their effort on the main rope is felt. To work thus in rhythmical unison with the men above, to watch and avoid those terrible missiles, the falling stones, to prevent the twisting of the ropes, and, by keeping the feet in touch with the cliff (for which purpose the legs must be held horizontally), to avoid bruising the body and smashing the eggs against the face of the rock,-these are things which mark the expert in cliff-climbing. Now it is not given to every one, not even though he be born in the village at Cregby, to swing at ease, a living pendu lum, at the end of two or three hundred feet of rope with a great precipice still below you, and the blue sea, so strange and dizzy to look upon from this point* of view, beneath and around you. Hence when after the two first seasons young Simon, upon trial below, proved, to the surprise of his companions, as capable there as he had been lazy and incompetent at the top, John Bower wisely made the most of the lad's faculty. ' He's good for nothing at aught else, so we'd better keep him below,' he remarked to his mate. This arrangement was entirely to the lad's satisfaction. He revelled in the work, for the excitement of it stirred fresh life in his clumsy frame. To any one who had beheld his sluggishness on land, the grace and dexterity with which like some wild ape he bounded from ledge to ledge in that strange middle world would have seemed incomprehen sible. John Bower's explanation was that' climruin' was bred in the bone.' Even when the season was over and the ropes carefully coiled and housed till another year, Simon could not be kept from the cliffs. He would slink away from his proper work on every oppor tunity, in spite of his mother's tongue and his father's hand, to enjoy the dan gerous pleasuie of scrambling along the face of the precipice wherever he could find hand-grip and foot-hold. But in the fifth year of his climbing, when the youth had already begun to think himself a man, a terrible occur rence prematurely ended his career in the cliffs. The Cowlthead gang had worked nearly the whole of that fine June day with excellent results. Towards evening John Bower said,' We'll just try " Fower score," and then go home.' It may here be observed that we have taken such liberties with the speech of John Bower and his mate as may render it intelligible to those who know not the tongue of Oregby. ' Nay,' said Simon, out of temper at a recent rough reproof of John's for his careless handling of some eggs, ' I've done for to-day. Leave Fowerscore till to-morrow.' But John Bower was masterful,' as became the chief of a gang. ' If thou won't climb Fowerscore, I'll climb it myself,' said he. And he led the way to the place. Now this Fourscore was one of the most difficult spots in the cliff because of the great overhang which the upper part of the precipice had at this point. For this reason the attempts of the climbers to reach its ledges had, until a short time before, always failed. Here the birds finding themselves undisturbed, clustered thickest, until every square inch of rock flat enough to support an egg had its oc cupant, and the possessors of places had to do continual battle with their envious and less fortunate sisters for their right to remain. But three or four winters pre viously the frost had dislodged a great slice of rock from the brow, and in the following season John Bower, taking ad vantage of this fall, had descended, and by a long inswing had gained footing on the ledges, where a rich harvest awaited him. Into the bags slung on either side of him he counted eighty eggs, and with this as a sufficient load, considering the nature of the ascent, he returned to the top, and twice again descended for four score more. After that the climbers regularly visited their freshly conquered territory, and whoever descended would have counted it shame to return without a full burden; wherefore as Fourscore the place was known. When they reached the spot, Simon stood sulkily aside while John and his mate made their preparations. Soon all was ready, and the elder had begun to adjust the rope upon himself when the young man with a bad grace grew jealous and yielded. John handed it over to him at once, and the lad took up the hand-line and steadied himself down the short upper slope. ' Mind to kick all loose stones down as thou goes, lad, and see that the rope don't rub on them sharp edges below thee, and mind the lines don't swing out o' thy reach when thou lands,' was John's admonishment as the young man disap peared over the verge. Then the men at the top braced themselves to the strain, John sitting first with heels well set. For a short time the rope was paid away in little jerks showing that Simon had still some held of the rock with his feet. 'Steady nowf cried John, who had been carefully noting its course. 1 He'll swing clear in another minute,' and as he spoke the rope suddenly became taut. 'Let him have it as he swings,1 he exclaimed; and then at each sway they let out the slack more and more rapidly that the climber might pass the deep bight before the cords began to twist. ' Now he's touchin' again!' said John. 'Now he's landed! Thai's all right!' The rope hung slack now, and they knew that Simon had reached the broad ledges and made fast his lines, while he moved independently and com fortably along, gathering his spoil two hundred feet below. But a longer pause than usual followed. 'He's restin' a bit,' was John's interpre tation. Then the cords showed motion again, and immediately a sharp shake of the hand-line gave the signal for hoisting, and the two men began to tug with all their might upon the main rope. It was not light work to raise the weight of a man, with the added weight of a cable, vertically from such depths, and the two men breathed hard as they pulled. They had recovered onlyafew feet when John was aware of something wrong below. ' He lifts, unaccountably dead an' heavy,' he panted. ' He can't be ' with a jerk he had tumbled back on the grass, the other man lay sprawling behind, and the rope made a great leap and then shook light and loosely at the cliff edge. ' My God,' said John hoarsely. ' It's broken!' In a second he was on his feet and the slack was spinning up through his hands as if it were under the drum of some swift machine. Speedily the end of the rope all frayed and torn came up the slope. 1 Surely he's stuck to the hand-line 1' cried the man in despair, and he seized that cord. But there was no resistance upon it, and in a moment it also lay in a useless coil at his feet. ' Run out toyonnab, Jacob, forheaven's sake, and see if you can't see the poor lad 1' And he himself, all shaking, ran out upon a narrow spur in the opposite direction. He crept down the upper slope, and hung most perilously over the very verge with only a handful of grass holding him back from destruction. ' Oh, Jacob, can you see aught ?' 'Oh, John, nought at all!' came back the woeful answer from the other spur. ' Lord help us, neither can 11 Back, man, quick ! I must go down 1' and he crept up the slope again and ran to the ropes. 'But can I hold-- began his companion. .Never mind buts!'cried John as he bent a loop on the broken end. ' It's no time for buts; manage as best thou can I' With that he slipped his thigh into the noose and with the hand-line in his grasp went over the edge, while the other man held on for the life of both of them. Once and again he swayed as though the running rope must drag him headlong down, but almost instantly the pressure was relieved, and by and by the signal for hoisting came and he bent every nerve and muscle to his task. But there was no double load on the rope. Slowly and slowly the slack gathered until at length John's grave weather- beaten face appeared above the edge. ' There's nought to be seen down there,' he said, ' nought at all. You be off as sharp as ever you can to South Bay and get 'em to bring a boat; quick! quick I tide's coming up fast! And I must go and tell his poor mother and father.' So they hurried away each on his sad errand, while the young man whose mangled corpse the) believed lay under ihe plashing waters below, crouched safely in a deep crevice half-way down the steep, and chuckled with the delight of a born humorist at the magnificent success of his little joke. It had so nearly been a failure too, for after he had carefully hammered out the substance of the rope across a sharp rock, leaving just one strand unbroken which he was sure would give way with the slightest strain and so complete the illusion, he had given the signal to the men above, and found too late that he had miscalculated the strength of that good hemp fibre. He felt himself being slowly dragged from the ledge, and had just time to grasp the hand-line at the instant that he was launched away into the air j and when, a moment later, the strand yielded, it was only his hold upon that slender line which saved him from making in stern reality that dreadful plunge of two hundred feet from crag to crag into the sea below. However, for one with Simon's training it was not a very difficult matter to swing himself in again, and he landed on the ledge with a rebound. But the scare took hold of him, and when he had crept into his dark crevice he was glad enough to find himself out of sight for a while of the terrible wall and the pale sea. Not until he had enjoyed the spectacle or John Bo ffer's pale and awe-struck face, which he saw distinctly as it swung in mid-air before the mouth of his crevice, did he quite recover his spirits. He found it then really hard work to stifle his mirth, until it struck him what a terri ble business there would be if John should discover him, and that kept him very still until the danger was past. After that he gave himself up to a complete enjoyment of the situation. This splendid plot had occurred to him quite suddenly as he had descended. It was really a most excellent way of getting even with them for sending him, and he would have the laugh of them all. He had discovered that, though Fourscore was such an awk ward place to get into from above, when once landed you could travel with ease for quite a long distance along the ledges, and that in one direction rising steadily step by step, you might even reach a little notch up which it was comparatively easy to scramble to the top of the cliff. He had kept this piece of information to himself, pleased to think how in some respects, at any rate, he was ever so much wiser than the generality of folk; and now he meant to make use of it. When he had given John and the rest of them fright enough, he would scramble up and saunter off home as though nothing had happened. And he would not tell them how he had managed it either. Such was Simon's pretty scheme, but somehow things did not turn out quite as be expected, In the first place, that side way climb along the ledges, now that he was compelled to make it, was by no meansso simple as he had reckoned upon, When lie. crept out everything seemed so lonely and still, in spite of the noise of the birds and the wash of the sea below, that it troubled him, and he started vio lently at such simple and usual things as the whirring of a scout's wings close above his head. Then he discovered that the very ledges, along which ordi narily he would have passed as easily as upon a roadside pathway, were bristling noiv with difficulties, and when he thought oj the far more dangerous places ahead of him he actually shuddered. Clearly until he felt steadier it was no use attempting to tackle them. So finding another cranny wherein he could stretch his length he lay himself down fairly tired, and fell fast asleep. He did not know how long he had slept when he was awakened from unquiet dreamsby the dip of oars and faint sounds rising tremulously from the sea. He heard a sobbing voice, and knew that it was his mother's. ' My poor bairn ! My poor bairn !' it constantly repeated, and then there came the deep broken tones of his father trying to comfort her. ' Is this the spot ?' asked a strange voice. ' Ay ! this is where it happened, just to the left of yon green patch,' replied another, which he recognised as John Bower's; and then his mother's pitiful refrain broke in again, ' My poor bairn!' It turned Simon cold to hear it. From his cranny he could not see the boat, but evidently it came as close in as the swell on the rocks would permit. Every sound from it swam up to him, thin, yet very distinct. ' Poor lad !' he heard the boatman say. 'The sea's geltin' what was left of him ; it would carry him south'ard wi' this tide. I fear no mair'll be seen on him.' And then the sobs and the wail of his mother rose up again, and this time no one tried to soothe her. Simon lay dazed and shiver ing, not quite realising it all, and before he was fairly conscious of his position the sounds had grown fainter and fainter, and the boat had moved slowly off to southward. Then it began to dawn upon him that perhaps this wasn't going to be such a splendid joke after all. He sat up and began to ponder in his slow way how it was going to end, and some how become very uncomfortable. It was very lonesome there. The sea-birds on the ledges all round him cluttered and laughed and basked after their own peculiar fashion, and it struck him that they knew his plight and were mocking him. The woe of his mother still rang in his tingling ears. How could he go home and tell them that he fooled them ? Never, never now dare he do that i But what should he tell them then? Ay, that was going to be a very knotty point I The thought of having to face John Bower's cross-examination with anything less than the truth was positively terrible; he dursn't risk it 1 Yet to tell the truth was impossible. The more he pondered over it the greater became his perplexity, until he burst into a sweat of remorse and shame. And by and by the birds ceased their cries, all except one here and there whose chuckle came strangely to the ear like a nightmare, and the long twilight faded gently, and faint stars twinkled in and out over the sea, and yet his puzzle was not solved. The night brought a feeling akin to relief to him; since now at any rate he must have a few hours respite] for it would be sheer madness to attempt to scale that cliff in the dark. In silent dejection the lad shrank back within his shelter to wait for the morning. The pale flash in the western sky crept round to the north, where he could see it over the sea; and then very slowly moved eastward, gradu ally gathering strength as it came, until at length under his weary eyes the rocks below lost their blackness and began to look cold and gray in the moist light of dawn, and the crags above him, which all night had pushed out mocking faces whenever he had ventured to look up at them, drew themselves together, stern and decorous, ignoring their midnight antics Then the guillemots and razor bills began to wing their laboured flight straight out to sea, and their yelping and chuckling began again. A broad-winged gull passed slowly by, as if but half awake, and then a silent thievish jack daw. Simon arose now and stretched his cramped limbs. He was aware of keen hunger and bethought himself of the egg-satchels still hanging across his shoulders. He had placed a few eggs in them almost mechanically in passing along the ledges, and a couple of these he broke and swallowed and felt his courage revive. The bags he flung away from him, and they fluttered out and fell into the sea. Then he crept forward, setting his fingers hard in the crevices, and rose steadily ledge by ledge, till the last peril ous step was achieved and he reached the dewy slope at the summit. Once in safety his heart gave way, he flung him self face downward into the dank herbage and burst out in a paroxysm of grief. ' What shall I do ?' moaned the wretched humorist. ' What ever shall I do ? I never dare go home again ! I daren't, I daren't!' Thus he lay while the daylight brightened, and presently across the rip pling water glinted the dull bronze disk of the sun. Then he knew that the vil lage would soon be astir, and that he must remain there no longer if he would avoid discovery. So he rose and shrank off inland under cover of the hedgerows, fetching long circuits to shun the farm steads ; and before the teams were fairly at work on the land he had put several miles between himself and his folk, and still plodded aimlessly forward along the green by-ways. II. FOR a time the agitation in Cregby over the loss of Simon Cowlthead was great. Souls came into being and souls departed there, as elsewhere, often enough; but generally they came and went so quietly that the joy or trouble of it scarcely spread from one end of the village to the other. But this was an affair of very different order. The event was actually chronicled in the great county paper in a paragraph all by itself, with a great head-line thus,-terrible death of a cliff-climber at Cregby-a thing well calculated to make the Cregby people proud of themselves, for even their greatest stack fire, years ago, when three of Farmer Runch's horses were burned besides several pigs, had been brought before the world only in a scrap a few lines long packed away in a column of local items. Therefore they passed the paper from hand to hand, and studied and criticised every line of the paragraph, greatly gratified to find 'themselves all at once so famous. And every night in the little kitchen of The Grey Horse, though John Bower drank his beer in gloomy silence, the other man gave to the assembled company every incident of the eventful afternoon,1 and repeated it for the benefit of every new-comer. It seemed as though the village had at last got a topic of conver sation other than the state of stock and crops. Then it was whispered atnong the women that Simon's ghost had been seen near the place where he was lost. The men heard of it from their wives, and said nothing, but avoided after night-fall the fields which lay above Fourscore. But this could not last for ever. In time the matter grew stale, and even among his immediate kin, where there was real grief for Simon, the cares which each day brought gradually settled down upon his memory and dimmed it. For a week or two the poor mother sat down to have ' a real good cry' whenever she could find time, but with her family of six to look to, and turnip-hoeing, and then harvest coming on so quickly, it was but little chance she had, poor soul, until after she got to bed at nights; and even then she had to cry very quietly for fear of waking her goodman, who needed all his rest badly enough after his day's work. He, too, used at first, as he bent to his hoe, often to have to sniff and pause, and under pretence of straighten ing his cramped limbs draw the palm of his round hand across his face. And there was a servant-lass at a neighboring farmstead whose tears sometimes fell into her milk-pail as she leaned her head against the ribs of the unconcerned and careless kine. But as soon as the news and the grief had lost their freshness, there was so far as Cregby was concerned, an end to the matter; and except when the story of the great accident was revived to im press some chance visitor with the im portance of the place, Simon was forgotten. A better man filled his post, though not a better climber; and every season the birds came to the cliffs to lay their eggs, and the men went down to gather them just as before. For the fitst few years the Cowlthead gang avoided Fourscore, but after a time even this feeling died out, and they climbed it again in its order as a matter of course. Three and twenty years passed thus. The accident had become almost a legend, but John Bower (Old John every one called him now) was still head man of the Cowlthead gang. After a long lapse the gang once more rejoiced in the presence of one of the traditional name, for young Stephen Cowlthead, who was born the year after his brother Simon was lost, had come to the clifts. The men noticed that their luck im proved from the day of his coming, and firmly believed that it was the power of the old name. Probably a truer reason might have been found under Old John's oft-repeated declaration that ' a better climber than Stephen had never climbed, always barring his poor brother Simon.' By this time Cowlthead the father had been gathered to his fathers, and the mother, old and feeble, had found shelter with one of her married daughters, and nursed the swarming bairns of another generation. Thus things stood in Cregby when it happened upon a certain day that the Cowlthead gang had once more fixed their ropes to climb Fourscore. ' Now, watch the rope well across that sharp edge just above the big craclr,' said John, as Stephen stood ready to descend, -a tine, strong, good-natured lad, who was better liked by the villagers than poor Simon had ever been. John had repeated this warning so often at this place that it had lost all meaning to the others; but the old man had never for gotten the shock of that terrible day so many years Ego. It was this which made him doubly sensitive at Fourscore to every tremor of the line. 'What a stroke the lad has, to be sure !' he mut tered now as the rope ran rapidly through his hands. ' Give him a bit of straight cliff an' he'll all but flee ! Now for the slack spot,-steady there, Jacob I There, that's all right! He's on the big shelf now, an' he's cast off to walk to the other end.' While the rope hung idle the two men lit their pipes; but they had scarcely tasted the tobacco before the hand-line struck sharply. ' Hup !' cried John cast ing away his pipe and beginning to haul steadily. After a moment's work he took alarm. 1 Summut's amiss,' he slid;' he's in such a hurry; I dreads summut's frightened him. What ever makes him hang so strange and lumpy? Hup, Jacob ! Hup, quick I' Faster and faster they swayed to the rope. Speedily a hat, and with the next stroke a bead and shoulders rose above the edge. ' What the divil!-' exclaimed John, and then words failed him and he stood stock still, though yet holding tight upon the cable. For it was a brown and bearded face that gn <ned at him, a face altogether strange 10 him. Without a sound this apparition drew itself forward by the hand-line unaided, and came nimbly up the slope. It stood before them on the sod in the shape of a stalwart middle-aged man, clothed in dark attire of excellent quality, albeit of rather outlandish cut, with a broad gold ring on the little finger and a heavy gold chain depending from the watch-pocket; altogether a figure in striking contrast with the coarsc workday aspect of the cliff-climbers. The apparition gazed down with sardonic enjoyment upon the helpless amazement of the terrified men. But a moment later John Bower had ie covered his wits, sprung upon the stranger and fettered him securely with two or three sudden coils of the loose rope. Then grasping the still grinning figure firmly by the arms the old man forced it backward to the very edge of the de scent. ' Whether thou's the divil, or whoever thou is,' he shouted fiercely, ' if thou's done aught amiss to that lad down there, over thou goes. Speak oiit, afore I counts ten, or I chucks thee down! One,-two,-three,-four' Whereupon the stranger ceased to grin, and spoke. ' It's all right, John Bower,' he said. ' I'm Simon Cowlthead come up again.' But old John was not satisfied and did not relax his grip. 1 Flay neither divil nor ghost wi' me,' he said sternly. ' Is the lad safe ? If not ' and he al most shook the startled joker from his perilous foothold. ' Let me go, John! The lad's all right enough. I only borrowed his ropes. Hark I He's shouting now to know what's become of 'em.' The truth of this statement was borne out by the sound of a faint hallo from below. ' Come here, Jacob, and hold this chap fast while I get's the lad up,' was old John's mandate as he handed over his prisoner to his companion. ' We ll lam more about this after that.' The trem bling Jacob most unwillingly obeyed, only half reassured even when he felt warm substantial flesh in his grasp, in stead of anything clammy or ghost- like. John deftly sent down the rope and set it swinging, and in a moment he felt that it had been grasped by a familiar hand below. His countenance upon this de noted his feeling of immense relief; but nevertheless it was not without some anxiety that he watched the edge of the cliff, as a fisherman might watch the water who has just landed one uncanny monster and is afraid that be nay have booked another. But it was ' Stephen lad1 who came up, and no other; and then the old man turned to their captive and said, ' Now let's hear what you have to say, and mind ar.' tell us no lies.' Thus admonished, the uncomfortable apparition began his history, stammering very much over the earlier parts of it, John Bower watching him meanwhile with severe and contemptuous eye, and the other two with op^n-mouthed aston ishment. He glossed as best he could over the story of the broken rope, pre tending that the breakage was really ac cidental, and that afterwards while wait ing he unintentionally fell asleep. No one made any comment upon this, but the speaker read from old John's face that one at least of his listeners refused to accept this lame tale and guessed the truth. Then he told truly enough how, after his night in the cliffs, he had found himself too much ashamed to show his face at home, and had made off to a large seaport, where he got work as a carter, but couldn't settle there at all, yet still was more afraid of coining home than ever, and therefore, as soon as he had scraped enough money together to pay his passage, he took ship to Aus tralia. There he went to farm-work again and liked it; and by and by he got to farm a bit of land of his own, and worked it for a good many years; till a railway came, and a town sprang up all round him, and folks kept worriting and worriting him to sell out. But for a long time he wouldn't; till at last some one went and offered him such a lot for his land that he felt bound to part, and did. But after that he felt unsettled again, and didn't exactly know what to put his money into out there, so he thought he'd come and have a look round and see how things were getting on in the old country,-so here he was, and glad to see 'em. ' But how came you to be down Fotverscore ?' demanded John, at the end of this recital. ' Well, you see,' explained the wan derer awkwardly, ' I felt rather shy even yet about coming back to'Cregby, so I've been stopping for a few days at Braston yonder, where an odd stranger more or less isn't noticed; and I walked up here this morning to have a look at all the old spots, and then I tried that way up I knew of; and for a wonder it's as easy to get down there as to get up; and I climbed about and enjoyed myself till I got right on to them big ledges again, and then I saw your ropes come down, and thought, by Jingo! what a joke it would be to give 'em a bit of a surprise! So when the lad there let go and went after eggs, I just came out of a hole, and got hold of 'em, and here I am.' ' Ay, there thou is, Simon 1' echoed John Bower with contemptuous irony. ' There thou is ! I thought it was the divil we'd brought up; but it was sum mat warse,-it was a d d fool! Folks alius says, ' fools for luck'; and and that's how it's been wi' thee, Simon. However, we'll climb no mair to-day, lads. This fool's got money, an' he'll have to stand us all drinks an' summat mair besides at Grey Hoss yonder for the trouble he's gi'en us. Fools for luck 1' So off they went; and once more for a time there was something; interesting to talk about in Cregby.-Macmillan's. SIMTLE AND EPFEGTIVB.-The following statement, for whloh the Adelaide Observer is responsible, may be worth repeating:-Nearly 20 years ago a passenger to England from South Australia wished to tako home a lot of lemons. He secured n beer hogshead, cleansed ft well, took out the head, flllod it completely with lemons, put in the head, filled the hogs head through the bunghole with rain water, and took the lot with him. When he arrived in England (by Bulling ship) the lemonB were ns perfect as lliey were on the day they were gathered. Tho water kept them fresh and full, uud as there was no apace in tlicho^shoad that WAS not filled with water and lemons they could not tnovo or become bruised. Lately it has been found that eggs oan be packed in the same way, aud even though the cask be rolled a mile on a road none of the eggs will be brokeo. They keep full and freBb for a long time if tho water is lightly salted. . 