The Maclaren Memorial Window. Yesterday was performed in St. Paul's Church, West Maitland, an interesting ceremony — the solemn dedication of a window to the memory of the Rev. Albert Alexander Maclaren, B.A., once incumbent of the parish, who died at sea in December 1891, having been overtaken by fever while engaged in the work of the Anglican Mission to New Guinea, which he inaugurated. When his death become known in West Maitland, the people of his old parish and of the town, subscribed liberally for a memorial window ; and but for the flood of last year, and the consequent wrecking of the church, the ceremony of yesterday would have taken place some months earlier. However, the delay was productive of one happy result, in that it allowed of the presence at the ceremony of Dr. Barlow, Bishop of North Queensland, now visiting the diocese, on his way from the Hobart Congress The west gable was chosen as the position for the window, and to enable a large one to be placed Mr Lee, the architect, submitted a design showing the two openings thrown into one under a new arch and forming a two-light window with circular opening and tracery in the head. A drawing of this, with the subject chosen, viz., Christ walking upon the waters, was forwarded to Mr. A. O. Hemming, 47 Margaret-street, London, one of the leading stained glass artists. The work just placed is the result, and the design was chosen in competition. The figures are lifelike: our Saviour is seen walk- ing upon the sea and approaching three of his disciples who are in their boat. The subject was chosen partly in allusion to the Rev. Mr. Maclaren's death at sea whilst following his calling as a missionary. The inscription under the window reads as follows : ' To the Glory of God and in Memory of the Rev. Albert Alexander Maclaren, first head of the Anglican Mission to New Guinea, some time Incumbent of this Parish, who died at sea Dec. 27, 1891. Erected by his old parishioners, mem- bers of the Men's Club, and friends.' We must congratulate all interested, for we have seldom seen a work more ably treated. The sub- ject is at once caught, and the colours magnificent in tone and blending. The artist has fully sus tained his reputation gained by other work in this dis trict, viz., the six beautiful chancel lights in Trinity Church, Lochinvar. The tender of Mr. Thos. Browne was accepted for the stonework and inser tion, and he has faithfully carried out his con tract. Mr. Lee prepared the drawings, etc., and obtained the design adopted, and has generally superintended the work, his services having been given gratuitously. The dedication service began at four o'clock yes- terday. Every seat in the church was occupied and there was a full attendance of the choir. The clergy present were the incumbent, the Rev. E. A. Anderson, B.A., the Right Reverend Dr. Stanton, Bishop of Newcastle, the Right Reverend Dr Barlow, Bishop of North Queensland, the Vener able Archdeacon Tyrrell, of St. Peter's, East Maitland, and the Venerable Archdeacon White, of North Queensland. Service was begun with the hymn 242, ' We love the place, O Lord.' Evening service was said by the incumbent to the end of the third collect. The Psalm was Ps. lxsxiv. Isaiah lx, 1 — 13, and Rev. xxi 1 — 4 and 22 — 27 formed the lessons, read by the Ven. Archdeacon White. Hymn 274 was then sung ' Through the night of doubt and sorrow;" and during its progress the bishops and clergy proceeded from the chancel to the font at the west end of the church, where the dedication service was taken. The Bishop of Newcastle read the following declaration : Dearly beloved in the Lord— We read in the Holy Scriptures that devout men, moved by the Blessed Spirit to promote the glory of Almighty God, have dedicated for the uses of divine worship whatever might serve to set forth the praise of His holy name. And forasmuch as certain persons have provided a window to beautify the place of this sanctuary and to make it glorious, as also to perpetuate the memory of him who once ministered in this place, and went forth hence to be a messenger of our Lord to the heathen, let us unite, in dedicating this window in solemn manner: and let us pray that it may assist faithful wor shippers to worthily magnify His holy name. The prayers were said by Archdeacons White and Tyrrell, as follows : — Almighty God, who hast caused the light of Thy Gospel to shine throughout the world, whereby we have been brought out of darkness and error into the clear light and true knowledge of Thee and of Thy Son Jesus Christ, accept, we beseech Thee, this offering at our hands, for the service and beautyfy in' of Thy sanctuary. Grant that as our eyes behold through this' window the light of day, so may our minds be enlightened with the light of Him who ia the Sun of Righteousness and the Light of the world, that walking in His light we may at length attain to the light of everlasting life, through the same Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. Grant, O Lord, that as this window is memorial of him who obeyed the calling of Thy Son Jesus Christ, and laid down his life for Thy sake— give us grace so faithfully to serve Thee in this life that we fail not finally to attain Thy heavenly promises, through the merits of the same Thy Son, Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. Grant, O Lord, that they who have given of their substance for this work in Thy church may ever rejoice in Thy salvation, and may fepl that of Thine own have they given Thee. Remember them, O Lord, for good according to the favour Thou bearest unto Thy people. Amen. Stic up, we beseech Thee, O Lord, the wills of Thy faithful people ; that they, plenteously bring ing forth the fruit of good works, may of Thee be nlenteouslv rewarded: through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. O Almighty Lord, and everlasting God, vouch safe, vre beseech Thee, to dhvet, sanctify, and govern, both our hearts and bodies, in the ways of Thy laws, and in the works of Thy commandments j and through Thy moat mighty protection, both here and ever, we may be preserved both in body fend soul; through our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. Amen. - ? ? Hymn 166, ' All people tha6 on earth do dwell,' having been sung, The Bishop of North Queensland addressed the congregation. He said he was sure they would allot? him personally to express hiB sense of the very great privilege which had been conferred upon him, and the pleasure it gave him, if pleasure could be mentioned in connection with such a ceremony, to taKe some part in inau most interesting and moBt impressive service. He tbanked very heartily his reverend brother their incumbent for the delicacy that wished him to be present at that service. It was only another of the many marks of kindness which he had received from Mr. Anderson during a brotherly association strong and sweet of many years of their lives, ic was aiso inrougn van kiuu ness of their bishop that he was there, and had been asked to say a word or two relative to the man whose life, whoso death, they commemorated that afternoon. 'But he would like in passing to say that apart from all personal con siderations he uttered what ho knew would be the sentiments of the people of North Queensland, to whom the Rev. Mr. Maclaren had been very dear, when he said they would feel it as a most delicate compliment that he, as their representative, had been invited to share in that service. And it was in f many respects fitting that he should say something I about Mr. Maclaren. He knew him. He knew him I well. And to know him well was to admire him for I his work's sake. He knew him because it waa with Mr. Maclaren that he shared, so far as he was I allowed, in the earlier years of his ministry, the I successes and sorrows, disappointments and trials, I that he underwent in his pastoral work. And he thought he might dare to say without attempting I to be critical on the ono side or eulogistic on the I other, thatMr. Maclaren was amostremarkable man. He had never yet met a man in whom in the eame measure there was to be found in combination those characteristics which are feminine and those wnicn are masculine. Mr. Maclaren combined in a most wonderful way those two elements. On the feminine I side of his character all that is good and sweet and delightful in the character of woman, he possessed. He remembered well how Mr. Maclaren had ever exhibited the most patient tenderness towards the I suffering, how he thought it nothing after a long and hard day's work to go to the side of a sick I bed, and watch through the long long hours I of the night till morning rose again. He re- 1 membered also with what delicate considerateness he would be eager to carry to them the foods and 1 the niceties which ailing people require. And then they would remember how on that side of his charac ter there was that most charming impulsiveness — almost to recklessness — that would not let him rest, that did their hearts good and held him to them, an ' impulsiveness that did not stay to let him reason, but urged him to go and do the thing that his I heart dictated and suggested. He had known Mr. I Maclaren give from his own hack the only I strong warm coat that he prssessed to I some poor miserable beggar. And then he J had such a lo\e for the beautiful— for beauty. This love applied itself more particu- j larly to the service in the sanctuary of God. j The symbolic side of worship was dear to him, and I his earnestness in this respect brought him into conflict with those who could nob see just then that it was not the mere ritualism that he regarded, I but that he thought that it was the mest worthy ot and adapted to the worship of Him whom it sym bolised. These accessories seemed to Mr. Maclaren the very source and strength of the worship of the house of God. And then on the other side of his character, he had much that is splendid and strong in the masculine aspect of human nature. Riding I like a very Jehu, he would swoop down to the rescue of a widow whose household goods were being sold by a landlord. Nothing would stop him if the oppressed was to be de fended, the weak to be helped, the sorrow ing to be comforted. If thej needed an emphatic proof of the existence of a^tronpar side to his character, it was to be found in his taking up the work, the end of which 80 far as Mr. Maclaren was concerned on earth, they were that day commemorating. He gave up the comforts and material advantages of European life, he went right away where these could not he his, that he might bring the light of life to the darkened minds of the people of New Guinea. So much of what was personal respecting Albert Alexander Maclaran, God bless him, he said, God rest him and give him light and peace ! Of course some might ask what was the object of that memorial on its strictly use ful side. We live in a vulgar utilitarian age, and we say of such a thing— What good is ib? Why spend your money for a thing of this sort ? It seemed to him that there were many reasons why such occasions as that, such memorials and such services, were practically useful in tne highest sense- Such a life as Mr. Maclaren's linked us with the past. It brought before our eyes thegreat communion of saints. Many of those who heard him doubtless had walked in the great Cathedrals in England, and had seen how men and women who had been saints of God, and had served Him in their day and generation, were symbolised, were com memerated in statue or in painted window there. He himself, on the occasion of hiB laBt visit to Eng land, had seen how the cloisters and transepts of Westminster Abbey were sacred with the dust of many great lives, and more sacred with the spirit that had inspired those lives. Here and there were the memorials, and one almost felt that one was brought into actual contact with bo much great ness and goodness. It waB usual to place elsewhere than in churchea memorials of men who had attained positions of dignity in the Stat« and of power in the commonwealth. In the universities, theie were raised memorials to scholarship and ability and learning. There they stood as witnesses of the admiration men had for the characters thus commemorated, And why should there be the slightest hesitation in the most practical society known, the church of Jesus Christ, to place in the edifices of that great society memorials not merely of those who were distinguished for learning or ability, but of those who were exalted by the dignity of service. He was quite sure that we need more and more to bring back to our memories those whom we have loved ? and lost awhile, and he was glad to think there was a tendency to commemorate those who -wished to he remembered by what they had done. He would venture to think too that ib was permitted by Providence that Albert Maolaren should still interest himself in the work of th»t parish, as Moses and Elias interested themselves in the ministry of Jesus, and that Mr. Maclaren's spirit was rejoiced that day with the thought of the love that had not forgotten, and that was honouring him in that service. That memorial had its leBson in its connection with the past, and also a lesson for the present. They wanted to bo taught that all of life was not buying and selling and getting gain. In North Queensland he had been often appalled to notice how soon the good and kind and faithfnl were forgotten when they had passed away. The pood die ; to-morrow's duties come on, and next week and next month th«y were not remembered. It waa thus well that those present and those worshipping in that church should, looking on that window, remember that there is another life more worthy and real than this, and so coupling them selves with the great communion of the saint3 of God, go on serving Him from year to year. They knew those lovely lines— O West communion ! fellowship diTlne ! We feebly stroRRle. they in glory shine; Yet all are one In Thee, for nil aro Thino. And then too the memorial window had its lesson for the future— the lesson that the end of life was not money, or selfish pleasure, or Cortune or fame, but to do one's duty, in the words of the catechism, in f.V.af, Rr,afce of life in which God has called .us. This lesson was very much wanted ; it would teach them to walk in the steps of him who was commemorated, not to weary in well-doing, not to be discouraged by failure or apparent failure ; and it would teach them also not to look here for a reward, but into the future. The lesson thus applied would make life ch@ful and bright to those who ministered in holy £hinge in that parish, and sustain them under disappointment, and the drawbacks that dis heartened—they too would be led to remember that not in this life could they expect their reward —that those rewards would not come in the shape of crowded congregations or in large additions to the stipend fund but in the grand consciousness of hav ing done their duty, leaving the recompense to Him whom they had served. Another pnrposo the memorial would serve wa3 to explain what seemed failure, as men counted failure. ' It explained and assisted them to understand the mystery of uuch an event as the early taking off of Mr. Maclaren. They naturally asked why so promising a life was cut off so soon, just at the moment when the world wa3 ripe and ready for its service and usefulness, and the answer came in teaching such as this — ' What I do, thou knowest not now : but thou shalt know hereafter.' Such an answer checked the inquiry ' To what purpose was this waste ?' It bade us remember the words of Jesus — ' If I will that ho tarry till I come, what is that to thee : follow thou Me.' As to the future we must look to the full reward of work done for God here,, so to the future we' must look for a full understanding of such mys teries as those with which our life is bounded. They should remember that hereafter they would meet their friend, when all doubts would bo cleared up and all mysteries solved. They would work and minister there in their several ways, where their powers would serve God most, and they should rejoice that God had taken their friend out of the world for higher and holier service still, while these who remained might receive blessing and benefit and profit from such an occasion as that. ' And they would remember — I Soon shall como the great awakening, i Soon the rending oi the tomb ; I Then the scattering of all shudows, I And the end ol toll and gloom. I The Bishop of Newcastle then read the dedication as follows— To the glory of God. Amen. Forasmuch as certain persons have subscribed f or Mift erection of this window to be memorial of our dear brother in Christ, Albert Alexander Maclaren, who through a period of three years ministered as Incumbent of this Church, and afterwards went forth to New Guinea to establish there a Mission to the heathen in the name and under the direction of our Anglican communion, and whose faithful labours were suddenly stayed by the hand of death voyaging along the coast : l aeaicate urns winuuw i to his memory in thankful remembrance of the grace given unto him and commending the example of his I 'self-denial to us who remain that we also may be I [ partakers of the flory that shall be revealed at the I ?omin-* and kingdom of our Lord Jesus Christ, to whom with the Father and the Holy Ghost be honour and praise for ever. Amen. A collection was made towards paying the small debt still due on the setting of the window, and the service closed with the singing of hymn 358, irrom Greenland's icy mountains,' and the Benediction pronounced by the BiBhop of Newcastle. ? 