SOCIALITIES. SYDNEY TOPICS. SYDNEY. MARCH 12. | In my last letter I instanced the case of a Primitive Methodist preacher who had re nounced his position because it had become inconsistent with his duty as a labotar leader. This week, too, I have to mention the case ot a Wesleyan clergyman who has had to give up because he wants to go into Parlia ment. The Rev. Mr. Hall wants to stand for Albury, and the authorities shifted hiui to Maclean, on llichmond lliver. IIe ap pealed against the removal on the ground that the moist climate on the northern river was pnsuited to his wife's asthma; but, in fact, there is no position that would quite have suited him. The duties of a Wesleyan clergyman are pretty onerous, and if fully discharged take up the whole of his time. If the authorities want any of their number to be members of the As sembly, . they must find places in town for them, and also give them assist ance. At present they have no such desire, and 110 Wesleyan clergyman has any real ground of complaint that he is not allowed to tack any other duty on to the work that has been laid out for him. If he voluntarily joins a church which provides him with regular work and regular pay, which pen sions him in old age, and makes some provi sion for his widow, his first duty is to that church ; and it is no real grievance that lie js not allowed to neglect tliat duty. Still it is a sign of the times that so many men who have been ministering to the spiritual wel fare of their congregations are now becoming so much interested in their earthly welfare, and are even disposed to quit the pulpit for politics. We have had another incident of great clerical interest during the week, though it has no connection with secular life. The new Moderator of the Presbyterian Church, the Rev. Mr. M'Innes, chose for the subject of his address the doctrine ot inspiration, lie contended that the standards of theii church did not require a belief in verbal in spiration, and a3 lie has not been contra dicted on that point, it is to be presumed that he is correct; and holding himself and his brethren to be so far lree, he propounded the broader view of inspiration which is in favour with advanced theologians. At the close of the discourse one clerical member rose to protest against the opinions that had been uttered ; and at a subsequent meeting, when thanks were proposed to the mode rator for his suitable address, an amendment was submitted to omit the word "suitable "; but as there were only nine dissentients it was lost. The inference is that there has been a quiet process of mental change going on in the minds of the Presbyterian clergy, and that modern criticism has been read and. digested. Another subject that occupied the minds of the Presbyterian clergy was the duty of the church towards the unemployed. One - or two of the clergy have been very anxious to have a' Presbyterian labour colony, and two of them have specially visited New Zealand to see what is being done there. But the proposal to have a special Presby terian settlement was not viewed favourably. In the first place, it was said that there were very few Presbyterians among the unem ployed-a fact which speaks favourably for the thrift and industry of the Scotch-and secondly, that all experiments in the way of church colonies had been failures. The question was shunted by referring it to a committee. There is nothing perfect in this world. We have been rather priding ourselves in Sydney that at great expense we had constructed a first-class system of sewerage; and now we are told that it is seriously defective. The engineers who contrived it, and who have managed it, laid themselves out to minimise the risk from sewer gas, and they went on the principle that if there was superabundant ventilation, there would be hardly time for noxious gases to form, and that what did form would be speedily dissipated in the air. All new, and especially all tali houses, have been provided with these venti lators ; but now we are told that though the bad gases evolved maybe unimportant, we do not prevent the diffusion of disease microbes. Some six months ago the water and sewerage board employed Mr. M'Garvie Smith to make a special examination of the air that was emitted from the ventilators, and he reported that this air did undoubtedly contain a great many disease microbes, lie recommended that the ventilators should be closed, and that tell chimneys should be erected in lieu thereof at suitable intervals, in which the upward-passing gases should be burned at a high temperature. The boArd has had this report by them for some, time, cogitating upon it. The chief engineer saystnut the big chimneys would be very expensive, and thinks that with more flushing, and with mechanical means for scrubbing the Bides . " and tops of the sewers, the neoea city for burning could be done with. Mr. Smith's reply is that a civil engineer does not understand!? microbes. The Board of Hc-;ilth is now going to take tlie matter up, and, as they are ail doctors, we shall probably getj'trom them a report leaning to the b-acteriologist's vie*'. Mean while we have ail been made uncomfortable by Ijeing led to think that our beautiful venti lators, which have cost so moch money, are iiiert-!y conduits for letting loose microbes iu the neighbourhood of our upstairs windows. Professor Stuart told ns the other day that on the sewage iarais the friendly n.icrobes killed the hostile ones. It is a pity that we cannot get an army of these " friendhes" into Use sewers, ana so have the fight out there. Oar revenue for the first two months of the year has been unpleasantly law. It is true that last year the falling-off did not begin till after the first quarter had passed away, bat at the same time we are below the Treasurer's estimate, and nnless there is a SDeedy improvement we shall have another deficit at the en<i the year. The population of the colony ? 5 not decreased, but the spending power 0: the people has been greatly curt&ilea.; The rail way revenue, too, continues to fall off, except as to the annual quantity of wool. The competition of the teams on the road continues, bat the commissioners say that while their loss in that respect has been cboDt £3,000, a 10 per cent redaction in freights-which would be necessary to kill the road competition- wonld in volre a los of £180,000. The Minister of Lands, too, admite that a good many pastoral leases in the west have been thrown up, and that the unoccupied ground has become a rabbit warren. The Land Courts assessed rents to the best of their jadgment, but they had not made Knfticient allowance for the low price of wool and the cost of dealing with rabbits. Even a Government landlord cannot get from his tenant more than the land will yield. It is only the fact that be has made improve ments that keeps many an existing tenant on the ground, and he haaga on hoping for better tim?s. Parliament lias not yet finished the Esti mates, and the Ministry had to submit to an all-night sitting to get the railway vote through. Mr. Schey-who isahvayB ready to tilt at the Itaiiway Commissioners-took the lead in trying to reduce salaries. He would not have had the ghost of a chance if it were not that many members who are paid for their Parliamentary work neglect it. One accountant's salary was knocked down by t'ICft, but the Govern men t then rallied its forcts. and kept a sufficient numb-r of mem bers together to defeat every other hostile amendment. At the Bame time, the present position is a fal*e one. If the commissioners ure to manage their own department and 'determine the salaries in it, then the amount should be submitted to the House wj Wee. If the salaries are to lie voted in detail, it is a temptation to members to sit in Judgment on them. A resolution has been carried to bring in an Immigration Restriction Hill, but the bill itself has small chance of being dealt with. 