• j?'11? Australian Qfivernrnent intend to 'ntroduc.e this session a hill to reduee the number or Railway Commissioners from three to one. The post is to be open to general competition. * * # The "West Australian Agricultural "Bank Bill pro vides that no advance is to exceed .£1100, and repaj' ments of principal do not begin till five years after date of borrowing, loans being discharged in 20 years. # Mr. John Anderson, it is stated, will poll a groat many votes with Mr. E. L. Zox. The result of the election in East Melbourne is not quite a foregone conclusion this time, numerous electors being disap pointed with Mr. Eranlc Stuart. * # '# Sir Bryan O'Loghlen calmly informed his con stituents at Port Fairy on Monday that there had been many worse but no bettor Treasurers than himself. His political opponents cau retort that there have been many "better but never a.worse Attorney-General than Sir Bryan O'Loghlen. # # * The Promier of Now Zealand, Mr. Seddon, retains the traditions of his predecessors, Mr. Ballance and Sir Harry Atkinson, that Federation is not a question of urgency for New Zealand. Mr. Seddon announced last week that the remainder of the session was wanted for Government business, and therefore no faoility could be given for the discussion of Austra lian Federation. * * # Soke important changes are impending in the staff of the Lands oflice in. Sydney. Mr. Houson, the Under Secretary, who has boen in indifferent health, will receivo six months' leave of absence and retire from the service at the termination of that period. He will be succeeded by Mr. Wilson, the present chief clerk in the department, and others in their turn will receive a step upward. Before quitting office Sir George Dibbs trans ferred his private secretary to the office of the Government Statistician, at a highor salai'y than lie was getting as private secretary. Mr. Coghlan objected to the transfer, but was induced to with draw his objection. The question lias been referred to in Parliament as an abuse of patronage, as Mr. Tennant Donaldson had not previously filled any position in the public service. # * The Coolgai'die miners, following the time honoured practice at all successful Australian gold fiolds far distant from the seat of Govornmont, have commenced an agitation in . favour of separation from West Australia. At a mass meeting held at Coolgardio on September 5 it was resolved to petition for the establishment of a new colony, of which Coolgardio will bo the capital • and Esjiernnoe Bay' the sea-board. # * # Most Yictoriaus believe that Parliament was dis solved in order that Sir James Patterson might have the "ghost of a show" to retain office. The Minister of Lands, Mr, Molntyre, infoxuned his constituents on Monday that the House had been dissolved to "let the people decide how the coxintry should be; governed in the future," The best thing the people can do is to got rid of the politicians who only " keep the word of promise to our oar," *> , # # . .1 Mr. E, Wilkins said at Oollingwood on Tuesday night that ho seoonded the appointment of Mr, Thomas Bent as Speaker of the. Assembly beoause the member for Brighton was'an obstructionist; The New South A Vales Assembly made Mr. Ninian Melville-Chairman of Committees for precisely the snmo reason, but iix the chair he turned out the greatest tyrant and despot the Houso had ever seen, Mr. Melville is now politically "buried" and no onb will " undertake"' to say 'that he .will ever be resuscitated. ' ' , # . . I ># ' . •# • ■ > ■ The . Minister, of tlio .. "Victorian Hallways, Mr.! Biohardson, so trimmed , his, address to his Creswiclc constituents last Monday that' the rival Melbourne ' journals quote ' him' with, satisfaction as an advocate of their, opposite policies, Mr. Biohardson ;take's oredit for haying, got rid .of. 2800,mon,in,the, railway department, but he is not. so sure of having done more than' rexuedy the " drift" he 'found m "fullswing when hetook office," He objects to the ."old'ofllaers who have grownup in the department, wedded to one, style, knowing no other and thinking no changes' oould be made." Mr. Biohardsoiv wanted to know if the Government or the employfis were to manage the' railways, for ho wns: annoyed to ilnd that the employds had " association in commotion. with every branch, which mot and dlsoussed the management." Mi', Biohardson evidently woiild like to have the Military Discipline Act applied' to disfranchised' railway ,employ6s, • «• , ■ : ,• The large number of Liberals in the Eastern Suburbs electorate are very wrath at the way in which Mr. Frank Madden has been allowed a walk over. Mi-. Alan Bolton, a milk vendor of Camber well, came forward on Monday as a Liberal, and when pressed as to his intentions, declared that he was prepared to go to the poll. lie held two meet ings, but failed to put in appearance with his £50 deposit on the last day of nomination, and kept his supporters uninformed of his retirement from the contest. * # The salary of the next Victorian Governor is to be lessthan £10,000 a year. Sir James Patterson,having declined to proceed with the bill introduced last year for the purpose of fixing the salary in future at £7000, was, of course, unable to inform the Secretary of State for the Colonies how much the salary of Lord Hopetoun's successor would be. "Was that bill withdrawn so that Sir James Patterson might bo a persona grata with the Marquis of Ripon when his application for a Knighthood was under con sideration. The proclamation forcibly suspending all banking business for five days is asserted by the Minister of Mines, Mr. M'Coll, to have deserved the eulogium of the country for Mr. G'. Downes Carter. Mr. M'Coll also informed his constituents this week that he considered'where an industry had been pro tected for a number of years, and had failed to establish itself, the duty should be wipod out alto gether. An application of this principlo would abolish the woollen duties, so it is no wonder that the Pyramid Hill branch of the Freetrade League considered Mr. M'Coll's opinions on the tariff as " generally favourable " to their own ideas. The Victorian National Association has not been in evidence as an association so far, but the influ ence of the people who were the backbone of the organisation at the last general election has this .time been exerted in favour of Sir James Patterson. It wns the influence of the association which secured for Mr. Bent an unopposed return for Brighton last election, and some of its members are the most influ ential supporters of Mr. Bent at the present time. Old members of the organisation have used their influence to bring out opponents to Mr. Turner at St. Hilda, Mr. Leakin at Essendon, and Mr. Shiels at Normanby. They have helped Mr. R. Harper at Boitrke East, and Mr. Frank Stuart at EaBt Mel bourne. Any candidate who condemns a tax on unimproved land values and favours tariff reduc tions which suit general importers can rely upon the approbation of the members of the National Association of Victoi'iu. Sib James Patterson has added largely to his useful collection of catch phrases during the week. First, he is sure that his only opponents in his elec torate are men "who looked with envy on his eleva tion from their ranks to a position he was proud to occupy." The Opposition has " changed bowlers," in Sir James Patterson's opinion, "in the hope of knocking down the Government wickets." To call Mr. Sliiels and Mr. Turner "men of the same kidney" is a butcher's simile. " Cheap money meant, plenty of labour and good wages." If Sir James Patterson will turn up the reoords of bank rates of interest during the past 60 years he will find that money is only cheap when wages are low and employment scarce. Money, like every other com modity, is cheap only when there is more of it than people ban find profitable use for. •* * # The annexation of Neckar Island by the Hawaiian Government, which the London newspapers attribute to the "blabbing" of Mr. R. Reid, the Victorian Minister of. Defence, is now being made the subject of a "protest" to the Imperial Government by the Australian colonies. The island-fisTaJmrren rook, sufficiently far distant from Ho'nohilwto/come within the definition of jurists on drft^rpationallav as un occupied territory, the property, of ,the first-;pation annexing it, provided that within, a reasppahle period the anenxing nation follows yip the,hoisting,of'ctjhe flag by some .further aot, of possession, The fuse the Australian Premiers are making .over the affair is just what the astute Hawaiians desire j the more fuss the higher"'"the* "pride "they tvitf.. demap'd for •handing over their, alleged rights tb^the; island, which is utterly valueless until the British Govern ment deoides .to subsidise a Paoiflo oable company, whioh has yet to. be formed. The,Australian Pre ,miers are all ambitious to come into prominence as statesmen with interests in aff airs outside the boun daries of their colonies, but they, ignore the first prinoiple of diplomacy,,a discreet} silehoe, . ■ ,v...:vv.'/:.; "When Mr. George Coppin was first eleoted for EaBt Melbourne inany( years ago; defeating the lata Professor Hoarn, the'ylrr/us 'philosophised on the constituency preferring "the low comedian to the constitutional lawyer." History repoats itself in ovory department of human aotivity and it is just possible that on Thursday next one who lias trod the stage will be the ohoson of the Eastern metro polis. Few are probably aware that Mr. John Anderson, who is now contesting East Melbourne, is a capable amateur actor, though it is a longtime sinoe ho made his last'appearanoo. An old play-bill ■hows that flve-and-thirty years ago Mr. Anderson appeared at the theatre opposite the Melbourne Hospital, which is now occupied by Mr. Garton's livery stables. The rdle filled by " John" on that occasion was Mict of a monk ! and in brown habit, cowl and cord ne looked it all over. Since then, Mr. Anderson, has become a "monk of the screw" and his work. has lain largely in the cellar. Three decades and a half ago " John" (as his friends affectionately call him) was a young enthusiast in thingB dramatic. It may be found on research that he has played Hamlet in public! One of the stock fallacies used by the politicians who believe that Free Trade is a panacea to. restore the-depleted Customs revenue, is that consumers pay to local manufacturers the duty not collected at the Customs. " It is monstrous," said Mr. Bowser at Wangaratta, " consumers should pay -£5,500,000 to raise a revenue of £2,500,000." It is impossible to go through the whole list of dutiable articles manufactured in Victoria, but two notable instances are sufficient. The largest distillery company in Melbourne showed their books to a leading Free trader- to prove that they did not add the difference between excise duty and import duty on to the price of their spirits. Again, in the tobacco trade, con sumers are given the full benefit of the difference between excise and import duty, the loss to the revenue being a clear gain to consumers, and the means of employing many hands in the manufacture, whp are physically unfit for field or heavy manual labour. The Premier of New South Wales, Mr. G. H. Reid, in his • speech at the - Mayor - of Sydney's quarterly luncheon, last. Monday, defended the Government action in relation to the shearing riots. He said < the Government had. been criticised as timid; but "those who thought.the Government wouldo not rigidly uphold the peaceful rights of peoplaito immunity from outrage and violence would find they had made a mistake." No one would imagine that the Government dared not "maintain the rights of the people > to follow their ordinary avooationB," but it would. be interesting, to learn who were the people who told Ministers .they were "timid." Mr. Reid declared that the reports of some of the outrages had,been magnified, and that "if those who were always ready to approach the Government when an outrage was committed were to use their influence to prevent such outrages much good might be, done." This hint should be well considered. There are few station owners, taken individually, who could not come to an amic able agreement with their shearers, but,in adopting the principles of trades unionism the paatoralista have adhered to its defects as well as its advantages. The path of the Reid Ministry of New South Wales has, so far, been smooth and pleasant. They, have promised much and performed something, for already they have passed through the Assembly two important bills. They have yet much more in front t of them, and when they get to their taxation pro- ! posals the sailing will not be quite so Bmooth, as it i will be impossible to please all parties and plaoatei the Upper Chamber. So long as popular measures* are submitted they will receive support from theil whole length of the Labour party, whether "solids" ' or not, so the best thing Mr. Reid can do will be to* offer his most tempting wares before throwing,the j' apple of discord, in the shape of land taxation'* amongst his followers, who are not all of one mind on the subject. To sweep away the duties and* declare for Freetrade is one thing, but to provide an* equitable substitute is another. Mr. B. R. Wise and his small following have views slightly in advance of those held by the Premier, and his colleagues* the. Labour party, will vote strongly and unitedly in favour of a tax on the unimproved value and will seek to get as muoh out of the land owners as it is ppssible to get. The new House so far haB shown itself superior to its predecessor. It has set to work with a will without indulging in too much talk, and Speaker Abbott is determined on his part to expedite business by strictly enforcing the standing orders. ' The proverbial new broom is making clean work, but the session is yet young and the members,filled to the brim with good intentions. Mr. E. Snnford, of Philadelphia, who represents the raanufacourers of the Planet Junior implements, ip, at present on a visit to Australia, in the interests of his firm. On Wednesday last week he gave two 1 exhibitions of the work of tho mnohines in the ' Botanic Gardens, Brisbane. The work of both thb horse and hand. cultivators was, according to the Queenslander, much admired, and Mr. Sanford showed how cleverly tho implements are adapted to , all kinds of - work. Trenches such as would bo , suitable for the planting of sugarcane were readily opened out with one horse in the loamy soil of the , gardens, find tho Bamo implement, with an alteration in*,the adjustment of tools, was made to oovor in the trenoboa. The eaBe with which cultivation can ho ; pushed up to tho very foot of the plants without .Injuring thorn was clearly shown. The operations , I j .of the sood drill were also watched with intoroat. , The Planet Junior is oreoping rapidly into favour in , (Queensland, and since Mr. Snnford's first visit, jY. , about two years ago, something liko 800 machines have been sold or negotiated for. 