\- '' •' SLEEVES. It was her passionate love .of gorgeous stuffs, we are told, that led the English Queen Mary to introduce the big sleeve, forerunner of the farthingale. Only through distention, vast puffing and wiring could the costly gold- embroidered tabrics of her time be displayed to advantage; but to duy ilie big sleeve is declared possible in any material, its chief uses being to broaden the shoulders and give the waist that effect of wasp-like slimuess so much desired. Diaphanous, fairy textiles, too, have taken the place of the stately gilt and silver spun brocades, and the girl whose wardrobe does not include at least two bodices of transparent stuffs can safely be said to be outside the pale of fashion. The foundation of a sleeve in any of tbo gauzy webs<iow fashionable doea not begin, as one would naturally think, with a simple silk lining. It is a complicated und awe-in • spiring affair, and often calls for considerable thinking, no matter how accomplished the builder. First, there is a smallish lining in some soft, dainty silk : this is covered by a huge one, puffed, folded snd plaited in heavier silk or satin, which in turn is interlined with stiff tarlatan or crinoline, and perhaps padded at the' shoulders or bunched with concealing loosenesB at the lower arm—wherever nature has been too niggardly or too prodigal with her modelings. On this ballooned or mutton-legged st.rnc ture. the chiffon or mOusseline de sole tics in bows or knots, or falls in graceful, drifting folds, or is, perhaps, cunningly capitonucd with hidden tackings to look for all the world like a furniture covering;. A pair of late wonderful models on this last order wore respectively in opaline mousseliae de sole and watermelon pink chiffon, •which was mounted on black eilk. The ."-Ij.vm; Of pink aud blac c * , , . Queen Brui again, with the .-Ji-hf, .-.tl jiiiou „f a horizontal linn ^ flashimf iei O.^t tightly to the litinp. " That of the nic.^vli'-ir de solo • ing mutton Itg. Wkjch ki retched iu ,'J' across the shoulder^ if it weru j.-j-:", low bodice drapery. ^ monster ro^it,' phasizsd the drawn t»»ether cil-rf chest line in this ; -and i rich linti-sr ii*'. -i luminous f!rey silk t-hoftj „jf the changing jewel tints of-)j e mutih, ^ sleeve shown in the design Vjth fj lt. puff, caught up with a ve!vA.ch ou T.. " softest crepe, in a dim lead le^f to'n Ti one felt somehow should only fall Jtl lines. Its.long ouif, over turquoise Vlu - .', as well as the half crescent plaeir,. ,ornaments the one next it, was of a d •Hit lace. V large mutton leg iu wallflower , cr, ; Pycloth had as a lower arm rrimn.i:, . i shaped bands in brown aud white en.''.-,,; ery. Another arni covering that seemed hke a ghosts patch and p 0Waer davs, v,, divided curtiU, draped puff or stiff tea.,, colored silk o vr a„ entire „ udersle. heavy white lac* These are all but dm,,,. Mme. Mode's buckV of rfeere moa els, but; is glad to remark tW Quuon Marv' s ... S oUne influence is not to U i, und eve'rvwh 1 here ...e still a few sletv that han.- wiltcu, gausy waves, as if lite^jy f a;: from sloping shoulders; and thew-,^en ^ wea? them are of the fragile waist6>^0rj. v wrap endless scarfs about their slmi^ir, that fall unconsciously into adorable i)o. teau loses. 