The more the existing world-wide de pression is considered the more obvious it becomes that the causes are far more deep and far-reaching than any merely local conditions. Fiscal mistakes, ex travagance on the part of the Govern ment, and reckless speculation by com munities followed successively by absurd inflations and disastrous collapses of values, political crises and tariff wars may have done much to aggravate the evils, but their cause must have been one of more universal application. A recent article in the Statist prob ably indicates what may be termed the great secondary cause when it points to the world-wide restric tion of credit as having brought about the unprecedented fall in prioes from which all communities are now suffering. It is not that money is actually scarce; the supply of gold is steadily increasing, the bank reserves in England are, as well as in the colonies, growing rapidly, and there are millions locked up. The fact of a Russian loan of 15,000,000 roubles having been recently subscribed ten or eleven times over, of Canada having been offered close on £10,000,000 in London when £3,000,000 was applied for, and of various other loans in different parts of the world having been very largely over-subscribed, plainly shows that there is no lack of capital. But the restriction of credit is becoming a very serious matter. Since the Baring collapse of some four years ago, all the great finan cial houses have been curtailing the volume of their acceptances with marked and serious effect on .all countries in any way indebted to Eng land. Yet this restriction is in itself an effect, a symptom of some deep seated trouble in the body politic. It arises from an universal uneasiness, want of confidence, and apprehension of a something we know not what. As regards these colonies this distrust has certainly not been, nor is it likely to be, allayed by our political restless ness and impatience. Much less will it be checked, by such ill-advised and dangerous actions on the part of public men as the crusade of Mr Hancock, M.L.A., against the banks. The hon. member appears to regard each of these institutions as the stronghold of a few millionaires, to be bombarded until the gold within its coffers shall roll out into the streets. It never occurs to him that they are entrusted with the earnings of tens of thousands who are struggling on to pay heavy calls, and avert, if possible, the loss of their savings in anticipation of that resto ration of confidence, of credit, and of prosperity which Mr Hancock and his friends are really doing their best to defer. As with politics, so in in dustrial matters, restlessness and strife have been our bane. We have seen strikes precipitated at times when there have been thousands of men out of employ ment, and disquietude and uncertainty have tended to render the possessors of capital indisposed to make advances or enter at all freely into new specula tions of any kind. The aim of all who desire to see an improvement brought about must be to restore confidence by ensuring a greater stability and higher character in our Governments, a more businesslike management of the State finances and public affairs and finding a remedy for disastrous labor troubles. Of the more general causes of the want of credit the fore most, probably, is the constant appre-' hension of some fresh war in Europe. The latest danger in this direction, as indicated by a German writer in the last number of the Nineteenth, Century, immediately concerns us, for it arises out of the relations between Great Britain and France, According to this writer, Dr Felix Boh, there is a growing party in France who, while shrinking from a war with Germany, point to England as the true antagonist' and the more convenient foe, a view which .Russia, under a cunning mask, loses no opportunity of fostering. Dr Boh’s view that “ lightning signs that a : terrible international thunderstorm is about to break over the roof of the British Empire have been flashing vividly from every side, from South Africa, Madagascar and the Soudan, from India, Siam and Afghanistan from the Mediterranean and the Black Sea/’ derives some.confirmation from a report in the Times of a striking speech de livered by Sir R. Temple. This ad dress, which has naturally commanded marked attention, forcibly urged that the numerous stories that had been told to the English Press regarding the dangerous condition of public opinion in France towards England were not fictions, but very sober reali ties. If they erred at all, it was that they did not fully represent the real danger of the situation. The leading idea of nearly all the leading men in France was, he affirmed, in the direc tion of a hostile attach against England. The cause of the trouble is traced to the old French grievance as to the British occupation of Egypt; while, on the other hand, the occupation of Siam by the French and a proposed arrangement between France and the Congo State in the mid-valley of the Nile, are being used to jeopardise British interests and threaten hos tilities. The efiect of the Congo treaty would be to bring French outposts to within 50 miles of the mid- valley of the Nile, and this would imply danger to the direct line of communication which England now has from the very source of that great waterway of- Africa to its mouth. The Siamese difficulty is briefly summed up in the statement that the continued occupation by France of the important port of Chan taboon was as great a danger to the independence of Siam as would be to England the occupation of the estuaries of the Thames by a foreign Power, seeing that if Siam went to pieces and the French took occupation India would be between Russian and French fires. Dr Boh describes the probable outcome of these seem ingly small difficulties as “the coming thunderstorm." ■ Such violent disturbances of the' international relationships seem to be as indispen pensible to the periodical clearing of the air as the natural phenomena. The only pleasant hope to be enter tained is. that when the storm does burst, if it is to come, it will ensure a lasting calm, and help to restore to the great nations a peace, security, and confidence which will react as surely upon almost every country of the globe as the existing depression has done, and revive their drooping pros pects. Mb Best’s proposal relative to the ap pointment of a committee of public accounts is an excellent one as far as it goes, but it stops short of effecting the full measure of reform which might be expected from it. Mr Best aims at the English system of provid ing for a close scrutiny of public expenditure in every branch of the service. Good as the system is, and it is acknowledged to have been of inestimable value to English finance, Mr Best himself admits that the French Commission du Budget is the type of public accounts committee which we really require. Why the hon, member should hesi tate to urge the creation of such a body at once instead of merely pointing to it as a certainty of the future it is difficult to understand. The greater value of the French as compared with the English body was well illustrated in a report on it by Lord Lytton, in which he wrote of the Commission du Budget — “It is a school for rising talent in the Chamber. The opportunity it affords its members of inspecting the work of different Ministries gives them special insight into the administrative machinery of the country. Its report not only analyses the different . parts of the budget, but prepares immediate changes, amendments, and reforms, and suggests lines of future policy.” In short, it deals with every question concerning the receipts and expendi ture of the State, and requires justification for the most minute expenditure down to £20 or £30. Such a body is needed in this colony, and it is an illustration of how wisdom lingers in our legislation that it was not created long since. The necessity for the Commission Du Budget was proved by the fact of the French Revolution having been pro voked in part by gross financial dis orders. In our case the need of such a committee to scrutinise public ex penditure before—and not merely after — its authorisation • is painfully emphasised by an urgent call for extra taxation to the amount of half a million pounds, while the suffering tax payer protests that the State should manage its finances on businesslike principles, and apply the pruning knife to an overgrown expenditure. Had a committee of public accounts been in operation years ago, it might, certainly it should, have cheeked the drift to extravagance and to more and more serious deficiencies. The uncertainties of cricket have again been illustrated in the match just con cluded at Sydney. It was prolific of surprises. A record score of 586 runs by the Australians in their first innings, after losing three of their best wickets for 21, was as agreeable a source of astonishment as Gregory’s magnificent contribution to it of 201. Unfortunately it would seem that to their success they owed their defeat. Mr Stoddart's eleven had too great a task set them for one innings and fol lowed on, leaving the Australians to finish on a wet and sodden wicket their second innings which, in its proper sequence, might have been marked by another great score. As it was, only 11 runs were required to give victory to the Australians. Fortune certainly, frowned upon them, but full sympathy with them in losing a match which seemed to promise them an easy win will not preclude recognition of the manner in which the visiting eleven played a discouraging uphill game in true British spirit to a result which must have been no less astonishing than gratifying to them. The Legislative Assembly yesterday passed the second reading of the bill to reduce the municipal subsidy to £200,000. 'In committee an effort was made to make the reduction take effect from October instead of July, but this failed, as it was pointed out that'the munici palities had been duly warned of the intended reduction. It was also sought to the sub sidy wiped out altogether and the land tax abolished, but the Ministry made no re sponse. One of the most sensational cricket matches in sporting, history has just been Concluded. After being handicapped by a deficiency of no less than 261 runs, the Englishmen stubbornly and determinedly fought their up-hill battle, and by an exhibition of the true “never say die” spirit pulled the match out of the fire by 10 runs. No excuse is needed, for the English men, undeterred by the worst of luck [at the start, fought gamely against ill fortune, and at the finish saw,fortune desert their opponents in their favor. It is not like Australian batsmen to fail at a critical pinch. The stories ; of all the great international matches show that at playing against odds and exhibiting the proper grit and nerve when most required, they have invariably succeeded. When the news of the sensational and unexpected victory of the Britishers was posted at The Star office ex pressions of the greatest surprise and almost incredulity were general. First the English- men took the lead and captured three of the j best Australians for 21 runs; then the colonials | pulled themselves together, and by the most brilliant batting put up the tremendous and record score of 586; the Englishmen, 261 be hind, had to follow on, and by the most stubborn play left their opponents 177 to win. Rain fell, and only 167 were abtained, leaving the visitors victors by 10 runs. Interest in the next match is bound to be very great. The only nomination lodged yesterday for the South-Western Province election was that of Mr Joseph Henry Grey, solicitor, Geelong, who will to-day be declared duly elected. Owing to the new time-table which came into force on Monday last, many of the trains have been late, and considerable dissatisfaction prevails. It is explained, however, that an alteration in times always interferes with traffic at the beginning, but soon gets work able. The present, however, is not a good season for introducing new times, and it is feared that holiday excursions will be to some extent disarranged. The train from Stawell yesterday due here at 6.51 did not arrive until 7.33. The Town Council meet this afternoon. An unusual amount of interest centred in a case heard at the County Court yesterday, the principals in which were Mrs Eliza Carland, licensee of the New Egglinton hotel, Main road, plaintiff, and Dr Salmon, defendant. Plaintiff sued for the recovery of £2O Is Bd, alleged to be due on a cheque. Mr F. H. Tuthill appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr H. S. Barrett for the defence. From the facts adduced it appeared that on the 3rd of October last defendant gave a groom in bis employ a cheque for £2O la 8d to settle a grocery account for him. Instead, however, of obeying his master the groom went to plaintiff's hotel, cashed the cheque, and drew on the amount from time to time until it was exhausted. Subsequently plaintiff paid the cheque to Messrs Magill and Coghlan, and on its being passed to the bank for collection it was found that payment had previously been stopped. The groom was accordingly arrested and sentenced to six months for larceny. Mrs Carland now sued for the amount of the cheque, which, she contended, bad been taken by her in a perfectly bona fide manner. Adams, the groom, was called, and stated that on Sunday, 14th October, he borrowed some money on the cheque, and by the next evening had drawn £2 Cs from the plaintiff. On the Tuesday follow ing Dr Salmon gave him a week’s holiday and paid him £4 17s as wages.due to him. Witness then paid Mrs Carland the money he owed her and asked for the cheque to be returned to him, but the plaintiff, seeing that he was under the influence of drink, refused, saying that she would save the money for him, or place it in the Savings Bank. He then stayed at her place on the Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday nights, drawing various sums on the cheque until the money was all spent. To Mr Tuthill witness said that he had spent the money in drink, cabs, and a white shirt. His Honor remarked that the large amount the cheque was for, the length of time that had elapsed since it was drawn, and its being crossed, were facts which should have aroused the plaintiff’s suspicions; but apparently no precautions whatever had been taken. Whether the plaintiff did not make enquiries relative to the cheque because she feared to find it unsatisfactory he could not say; but it was certain that she did not take the cheque in an ordinary business way, and had kept a hold over Adams by retaining it until the whole of the money was gone. The plaintiff had shown nothing like due caution, and of the two inno cent parties in the transaction the plaintiff was the person who should suffer. A verdict was given for the defendant, and costs ordered to be taxed. The Mineowners’ Association meet at the Mechanics’ Institute at half-past 2 o’clock this afternoon. A collision occurred yesterday afternoon at the corner of Bridge and Victoria streets, be tween a cart belonging to Joseph Leo, charcoal burner, Bolwarrah, and a buggy driven by a young man named Mulligan. The latter vehicle, which was also occupied by Mrs Mulligan and Mrs Leonard, had the worst of the collision, and Mrs Leonard and Mrs Mul ligan were thrown out on the road. Mrs Leonard sustained several bruises, and was taken into Mr Powell’s fruiterer’s shop, where after receiving attention, she recovered suffi ciently to return home. Both vehicles were considerably damaged by the accident. On Saturday and Monday the barrier system will be enforced at the Western railway station from 2 o’clock in the afternoon and all day sn Boxing Day. • It is understood that.a charge of arson will be preferred against young Ellsmore, who on Tuesday morning, after the fires in the city, was arrrested on charges of obscenity and re sisting the arresting constable in the execution of his duty. The new band stand erected on the lawn at the Botanical Gardens will be opened this even ing by Bulch’s Model Band, who will render a choice programme. The performance will start at _8 o’clock and close at 9.30, and should the public show appreciation by their presence it is probable that similar free concerts will be given one evening each week throughout the summer. In addition the Militia Band have kindly offered to play one Sunday each month. A supplementary. mail for English corres pondence only will be made up at the local post-office at 0.30 p.m. on Tuesday next (Christmay Day). . Messrs Williams, Gale, Phillips, and Josephs, J’s.P., presided at the Town Police Court yesterday. William Davies was charged with the larceny of a. postal note, value 15s, and a number of articles of clothing, the pro perty of Jane Oliver. Mr Cray appeared for the accused, who pleaded not guilty. The complainant stated that on the 22nd Novem ber she went to Melbourne, leaving her bouse in charge of the defendant. During her absence a letter containing a postal note was sent to her house, and she accused Davies of it, and also the articles of clothing. He admitted pawning the goods and gave her the tickets. Mr Cray crossexamined the witness to prove that she had authorised the accused to cash the postal note, and, if neces sary, to pawn the articles. The witness ad mitted sending a telegram to Davies, telling him he could cash the postal note and take 4s from it. After some further evidence the bench dismissed the case. A man named Vernon Easton was proceeded against for neglecting to keep his premises in a clean condition. A fine of 20s with £1 Is costs was imposed. The defendant was allowed a fort night in which to pay the amount. Two per sons, who had been arrested for drunkenness, were each fined ss. Entries for the Broomfield pigeon match close to-day. The following items appear in the last issue of the Police Gazette —“ W. S. Williams, sheep farmer, Addington, reports stolen, from Mount Gap, CoghilTs Creek, during the last four, weeks, 110 wethers and rams; value 8s Gd each, John Maher, butcher, Gordons, reports stolen, at Bungaree, on the 18th ult., a bay spring cart mare; value £5. Rev. James J; Brown, Wes leyan minister, Macarthur street, Ballarat, re ports stolen, at Ballarat, on the 12th inst., a grey pony horse; value £lO. Walter Cox is charged, on warrant at the instance of Margaret Cox, Main street, Ballarat, with deserting his child at Ballarat East in the month of Feb ruary, 1894.” ■ A deputation from the Ballarat Cricket Club yesterday waited upon the business people of the city, who agreed to close on the afternoon of Friday, 4th_January, for the cricket match with the English Eleven. His Honor Judge Chomley at the County Court yesterday delivered his reserved judg ment in the case of Matilda Atha v Thos. O’Brien, in which plaintiff sought to recover £lO 2s 9d under an agreement. In reserving his decision, his Honoi remarked that he would consider whether the agreement was a good one, and if he found that this were so he would give a verdict for plaintiff for the whole amount claimed. Yesterday morning his Honor said that he was of opinion that the agreement, was good in law, and he therefore gave a ver dict for plaintiff, with costs. Edward Doepel, law clerk, proceeded against Thos. Colgan, formerly of Ballarat, but now of St. Hilda, at the County Court yesterday for the recovery of £47 10s, as commission alleged to be due on the sale:of defendant’s property in March last. Mr Pearson appeared for plain and Mr T. Robinson for the defence. After hearing the evidence his Honor made an order for £l9, with £ll 10s costs. ' Godfrey Abra hams, of Mair street, sued John Berkery, rail way guard, for the recovery of £29 ss, balance alleged to be due on a covenant of deed. Mr T. A. Robertson appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr H. S. Barrett for the defence. The plain tiff stated that under a bill of sale he sold defendant’s furniture privately. The defence was that nothing was owing under the cove nant, and that the bill of sale was void. A verdict was given for plaintiff, with costs. The court then adjourned until 9 o’clock this morn ing. The Lexton races will be held to-day. The acceptances are large, and the sport should be good. Before his Honor Judge Chomley, at the County Court yesterday J. C. Cowley, of the Eureka Ironworks, proceeded against Dr Longden and others for the recovery of £4O, alleged to be due on a promissory note. Briefly stated, the facts of the case as. adduced .in evi dence are as follow:—The Buninyong Natives Gold Mining Company purchased a boiler for £BO cash from the plaintiff. . When the boiler was delivered Cowley was asked whether he would not take £4O in cash and a bill for the balance at three months. He demurred, but on being assured that the bill, would- Be signed by Dr Longden aud other prominent men con nected with the company he. agreed, and the bill was accordingly signed by-Dr Longden and Mr F. Sleeman, directors, and Mr R. F. Raynor, manager. The -bill was unpaid and the company was... eventually sold off. Plaintiff now contended that the parties signing the bill were personally liable, and that at the time he thought the company was a co-operative one. Defendants alleged that they only signed the bill as direc tors and manager, and that plaintiff knew he was dealing with the company. After hearing the evidence his Honor gave a verdict for tha defendants, with costs, remarking that he was of opinion that the plaintiff was dealing with the company, and that the idea of making the directors personally liable was an after thought. Mr E. P. Wynne, instructed by Messrs Cuth- bert, Wynne, aud Cos., appeared for the plain tiff, and Mr H. S. Barrett, instructed by Me T. A. Robertson, for the defence. Mr Baker yesterday gave notice that he would, at the next sitting of Parliament, ask the Commissioner of Works—l. Whether it is the intention of the Government to bring in a bill next session to amend the Local Govern ment Acts. 2. Whether such bill will contain a provision to enable municipal councils, when constructing roads and other works, to make necessary offlet drains into private land with out being subject to costly disputes and liti gation. The exhibition of students’ works at present being held in the Art Gallery Association Art School, Sturt street, drew large numbers of visitors yesterday. The surprise and gratifica tion expressed at the marked advance of the students during the past year, as shown by the very superior character of the exhibition as a whole, was most pronounced. That advance is specially noticeable, first, in the more careful study in oils and water colors of plant form and fruit from nature; second, in the admir ably-executed designs forstained glass windows painted glass, stencilling, wall decorations) lithographic work, &c.; The success achieved in the foregoing important essentials to the artistic industries of Ballarat, speak volumes for the sound, practical character of tha tuition imparted, and it is most grati fying to be able conscientiously and confidently to assert that whilst many of the foregoing will bear favorable comparison with anything of the kind hitherto produced in the colony, they would also hold their own in any art school in the old world. Equally noticeable is the ad vance made in painting pure and simple. Indeed there can be little doubt that this annual exhibition will grow in size and in importance year by year, not only on account of the growing number of students, but because of the excellent method of instruction adopted. Tha exhibition must bo closed this evening to admit of the work being sent to Melbourne in time for the departmental examinations. Those who have not already visited this, the best exhibition of its kind ever seen in Ballarat should not miss the opportunity of doing go! The hours are from 10 to 12 a.m., and 3 to 5 and 7 to 10 p.m. At a special meeting of tha Evening Post Company, Limited, held on Wednesday even ing, it was resolved that the affairs of the com pany be placed in voluntary liquidation, and that Mr William Downie, journalist, be ap pointed liquidator for the purpose of winding up the business of the company, A cantata, “New Year’s Eve,” was given by the senior scholars of the Central State School, Dana street, last night, in celebration of the “breaking up ” for the Xmas and New Year holidays. There was a very large atten dance, tha largest room in the school being densely crowded. To Miss Robb, who arranged the whole cantata, and perfectly instructed the children in their . various parts great credit is due, as it also is to the scholars for their ex cellent rendition of the various dialogues, solos, &c.; The principal parts were filled as follows: —Spring, Miss Isabel Curnow; summer. Miss D’Carvalho; autumn, Miss Pbcebe Spielvogel; winter. Miss Lizzie Davis; sprites—Sunshine! Miss Edie Vincent; Rainbow, Miss Florrie .Radley; Sleet, Miss Olive Smythe; snow. Miss Grade Wiles; hoar-frost, Miss Alice Lumsden; cloud. Miss Louie Bolton; dew drop, Miss Lizzie Morris; zephyr, Miss Myra Flegeltaub; January, Miss I. Hamilton; February, Miss Nelly Harrison; March, Miss E. Batten; April, Miss M. Dow; May, Miss Lizzie M‘Kenzie; June, Miss Hilda Nan carrow; July, Miss Lily Crossley; August, Miss J. Nylandar; September, Miss C. Watson; October, Miss S, Varcoe: November, Miss A. Boswarrick; December, Miss Elsie Orr; Old Year, Master W. Latimer; Old Time, Master T. Dowdell; New Year, Master Claude Pender; Father Christmas, Master Chas. Mataxa; Santa Claus, Master H. Gardiner; May Queen, Miss Hilda Cowdell, with eight maids of honor. The piano was kindly lent by Mrs D’Carvalho. In connection with the Maryborough High land sports on New Year’s Day, a special train will leave Ballarat for Maryborough at 8.30 a.m., returning at 9.40 p.m., and reaching Ballarat at 11.33 p.m. Mr Ernest Hosking, the gentleman who has succeeded without the aid of Spiritualism in producing upon the stage material manifest ations of Josephine, Geordie, and Cissy, who are the popular subjects in spiritualistic circles at the present time, will give an entertainment at the Academy of Music to-night, when the above trio of celebrated spooks will be called upon to make their appearance. Included in the programme is a first-clas concert, and alto gether an extraordinary and delightful enter tainment may be anticipated. The Argus thus speaks of his performance -at Melbourne:— “ Mr Hosking prefaced his seance with a re markably clever display of ventriloquism, and then submitted himself to the inspection of a committee which included Professor Laurie, Professor Spencer, and Mr S. V. Winter, Having undergone tha ordeal of being stripped, he re- appeared on the stage bare footed, and dressed only in a coat and trousers, and was placed in a bag of black silesia, which had been stitched in full view of the audience. A string was then tied tightly round his neck and sealed, and the ends were passed through two holes in the cabinet, and again knotted , and sealed on the outside. With out in any way disturbing the knots, and in a much greater light than is usual in these sort of manifestations, Mr Hosking succeeded to perfection in reproducing the forms of Geordie, Cissie, and Josephine, with this difference to other performers, that they really looked like visitors from tha spirit world. The gradual vanishing away of the figures in particular was admirably managed. At the close of the per formance the committee declared themselves absolutely satisfied with the test conditions.” At the City Police Court yesterday a man who had been arrested for drunkenness was discharged on contributing £1 to tha poor-box. One debt case was also dealt with by the court. Messrs;Whykes, Retallack, Curthoys, George, and Rail, J’s.P., presided. Casualties are reported from the Hospital:— William Hicks, of Grenville street, a lacerated wound on the scalp, caused by falling down a shoot at the Llanberris mine while in a faint. Thos. Williams, Alfredton, and incised wound on the thumb, caused by a scythe. P. Walters, of Skipton street, a scalp wound, through a fall of reef. John Wallham, of Duke street, a lacerated. wound on the hand, through its ’ being caught in some machinery at the Northern Star mine. Richard Gilbert, of Scott parade, a contused wound- on the nose, caused by the slipping of a windlass handle. It is expected that the militia pay will arrive in Ballarat to-morrow morning. In the event of the money coming, an announcement will be posted on the board in front of The Star office giving the time that it will be distributed amongst the men in the afternoon. Last night Sergeant-Major Brough instructed a squad at. the Orderly Rooms in manual and firing exercise, bayonet exercise, and physical drill for the military tournament, to take place at tha show grounds, Wendouree, on Boxing Day. The tournament committee sat from half-past 4 yesterday afternoon until midnight, completing the arrangements, which are of the most perfect character. Entries in the various foot and mounted events are numerous, and the time-table is so arranged that from the opening hour—vl o’clock —until the close there will be some contest before tlm public. The full programme will be published in to morrow’s Star. Militiamen attending the tournament are requested to appear m uniform. Mr J. J. Burston and his staff of teachers at the Macarthur street State school yesterday treated the children to a day’s excursion on the lake, the Prince Consort having been engaged for the occasion. There were a large number of parents present, and a most enjoyable day was spent. The exhibition of students’ work at the Bal larat East School of Art and Design attracted a large number of visitors yesterday, ami the really excellent display made was most favor ably, commented upon. .A working modal, showing a hot and cold water system, proved a great attraction, the ingeniousness of the work being highly creditable to Students S. M‘Gavin and T. Gordon. The paintings, drawings, and other exhibits were also a source of pleasure to tha visitors, who could not fail to recognise the value of the instruction given at this school. The large increase in tha num ber of students lately has conclusively proved that the services of competent instructors are gladly availed of, and the exhibition is a decisive proof that the teaching is every way admirable, for otherwise such a satisfactory display could not have been made. It may be mentioned that the Ballarat East Board of Advide generously gave a donation of £l9 to the manual class. Second-class certificates qualifying non-com missioned officers of the Ballarat. Militia for the rank of sergeant have been awarded as fol lows Corporals J. Ditchburn, C. McDonald, and W. White of B Company, and D. Roper of A Company. Christmas night’s concordat the Academy of Music gives promise of being one of the best performances of the kind presented to the Bal larat public. Alias * Maud Reid bolds a prominent position amongst the vocalists of the metropolis; whilst Miss Charlotte Hem* minghas no superior as an elocutionist. One paper writes of her as ‘‘leagues in advance of any imported talent. ” Airs Carter will make her first appearance, after a well earned rest, end will doubtless receive a hearty welcome from her numerous friends. Airs H. Rrown, who isssid to ’ possess a soprano voice of good compass, will make her first public appearance, as will also Miss Laura Casley. The ladies are weli supported by Mr V. Woolcock (who heeds no introduction), Mr W. Bossence, the young baritone, and Mr J. T. Vercoe. The pro gramme is varied enough to suit all tastes, the majority of the items being illustrated by Mr Roland Bishop, of Melbourne. One feature of the programme will be an exhibition of Cornish scenery (collected by our late mis sionary, Martin Hosking), during which old Cornish carols will be sung by a choir organised for the occasion. Tickets may be had at Sutton’s, and, as holders are admitted early, the public will see the wisdom of at once secur ing them. Duties and parades in connection with the local regiment for Jannary are fixed as follows: —17th, night drill; 18th and 19th, half day; 24th, night drill and examination of officers on “ Battalion drill ”; 25th and 26th, half day; and 31st, night drill. The battalion orderly officers for that month are Lieutenant Edwards and Color- Sergeant Mathews. Leg gings not yet returned to stores must be brought in at once. Messrs Richards and Co., of Sturt street, have now on view an excellent display of arti-tic portraiture. The work as a whole excels all previous exhibitions of this firm’s art productions. The pose of each figure is simple and unaffected. Prominent amongst the prin cipal pictures is “ An Idyll,” a delightful nude study of a little boy in a sitting posture, play ing a primitive reed pipe, the figure being partly reflected in a water foreground. “A Study of a Head ” is_ a veryfine portrait of a young lady. The window is lit up with six “ Welsbach ’’ patent gas burners, and will well repay inspection. At the Alfred Hall to-night Mr Shekleton Henry, A.R.I.B.A., will, assisted by the famous illusionist. Miss Ada Fitzroy, give an exhibition of ghost raising, and the celebrated spirits, Cissie, Geordie, and Josephine, will be introduced to a Ballarat audience. Mr Henry is the gentleman who exposed Mrs Mellon, of i Sydney, who claimed special gifts as a medium, and the full, description of the ex posure of her trickery will be related to- night. At the conclusion of Mr Henry’s address an opportunity will be given to any believer in spiritualism to question the lecturer, on the subject. As interest has lately been aroused in spiritualism a large audience may be expected at the Alfred Hall. The Age speaks thus of Mr -Henry’s performance in Melbourne:—“ In an interesting lecture Mr Henry reviewed the history of so- called spiritualistic phenomena, and contended that they could be, and were, the results of mere trickery, such as was known to every conjuror who understood his business. This fact he proceeded to demonstrate by placing Miss Fitzroy in a cabinet, her hands having been securely tied behind her back by a committee of well-known Melbourne gentlemen. She was also placed in a large bag, the mouth of which was drawn tightly around her neck, the two ends of the string being held by members of the committee. Shortly afterwards the spooks known to true believers in spiritualism as Cissie, Josephine, and Geordie emerged in suc cession from the cabinet and walked about the stage. The entertainment as an exhibition of conjuring was highly successful, and it met with cordial appreciation at the hands of the audience.” A most enjoyable entertainment was given last night at the Town Mission Hall by the children and choir. An excellent programme of songs, recitations, carols, and other items was provided, and the manner in which they were rendered gave great pleasure to the large audience.. Miss Trerabatb, who had instructed the children, made a most efficient conductor, and Mr Parnell was equally successful as con ductor of the choir, and the accompaniments were played by Mrs Nylander and Miss M. Trembath. ,Mr J. West Lau presided. At the recent land surveyors’ examination held at the School of Mines, Ballarat, the following passed and obtained their certifi cates:—Wm. A. Rain and C. Hills, both of whom are pupils of Mr W. P. Steane, secretary and engineer for the Shire of Ballarat. The former obtained 80£ per cent, and the latter 68} per cent., and in one of the five subjects in which they were examined the former obtained 100 per cent. At the- Scarsdale Police Court yesterday, before Mr Leader, P.M., Constable Ivey sum moned Bertie Perinoni and Patrick Nolan for removing timber from Crown lands without a licence. Pines of 5s and £1 respectively were imposed. The grand concerts to be given on Christmas and Boxing Nights at the Alfred Hall are_ evi dently most attractive to the lovers of music in this city, judging from the exceptional demand that has been made for the tickets during the past two days. It is not often that so many star artists of undoubted merit are brought together on one platform, and that a music treat is in store can fully be understood. The management wish us to say that only one charge will be made for admission, viz., one shilling, and that on no account can they con sent to reserve seats. To avoid any unneces sary crushing at the, doors patrons are recommended to purchase their, tickets at Messrs Sutton’s Music Warehouse, Is each. There was a large gathering at the Women’s Prayer Union yesterday, when the usual Christmas gifts of tea, sugar, and cake_ were given to 97 of the members. ' In the evening 57 additional ones were supplied. The results of the examination held under the auspices of the Bankers’ Institute of Aus tralia by Mr Thomas Harlin, M.A., have just been made known. The following students from the High School received notice that they were successful, viz.:—Norman Wilson, Otto Reid, Robert Nicol, William Nicholls, Howard Twentyman, and Prank Ditty, who passed with credit. The certificates granted by the institute can be had on application at the High School on Saturday morning. Mr Geo. King, grocer, Bridge street, is again the successful tenderer for tea for the Bene volent Asylum. 