THE WORLD'S DREAM OF HAP~ Pl&ESS.; [By AECHDEACON' Fabrar, D.D.] Wearied, it may be, by the greatness of the way, some may be inclined to ask with a sigh, What ia the use of all my efforts and of all my struggles? Life, we know, is a warfare in which there is no discharge ; but even if we tight and fight on, and fight hard, what will be the end of it? Will io lead co anything? Will it make us happy? My friend3, this much I can answer at least, aud at once and fearlessly, that, whether it makes us happy or not, which is no very great matter, a lite of moral faithfulness will, at any rate, make us blessed : in will enahln hr tn nw nur lives as earth's sweetest and noblest have used them ; it will give us something better than anything which the world cau oiler; and when we die io will enable us to die in the faith of Christ; nob as the fool dieth, but with a hope. I said just now that if we were not happy in was no great matter ; but does nob the poet say, 'O, happiness, our being's end aud aim.' Is it not happiness that we are all of us more or less striving after now, aud hoping to attain in some tar-off here atter? I do nob know. As regards the attain ment of happiness here, I suspect that be fore they reach middle age most men and women are a good deal disillusioned. Bud I suppose that all men do hope somehow to gain something more or less corresponding to their conception ot happiness in the world to come. Wo are taught to hope that there, for the saints of God at any race, sorrow and sighing shall flee away, and God shall wipe away bears from off all faces ; but we slip with daotrerous conventionality and facility into the assumption that we are, or at any rate that we tome day shall be, saints of God, however amazingly unlike them we may be at this moment. How is it that we talk as if happiness, as if what we call heaven, will at once, as a matter of course, be given us the moment we pass away from earth ? Why is it that so many, when their friends die, almost without auy relation to the life they have lived, say chat they have gone to heaven ? Have we so glorified God here as to make it a certainty that we shall enjoy heaven tor ever in heaven hereafter? Is there such an immenee merit in being born? Is mere sucu a consummate virtue in dying, a ' thing which the worst fool has to do no less than the greatest hero ; that because of thete two merits we are to have wiugs and crowns aud harps, and an infinite azure to live in, flooded with tbe glory of God's smile ? Because a man has not very grossly cheated his customers or quite action ably slandered his neighbors is he, therefore, at once to have as hits right the morning Btar? Dismiss that thought as a silly and senseless dream. Whatever else it be heaven is no mere celestial symphony ; not only some golden city in the tar-off blue, ib is also, and iar more than these, a condition and not a place, a temper of love, of humility, of telf sacrifice, of holiness. Yes, there is a heaven — a heaven where eye hath not Been nor ear heard, nor hath it entered into the heart of man to conceive the things which God bath prepared for them thac love Him. What reason have we to assume that we shall go there ? Is to shine in society, to make money, to bite and devour our neighbors, to indulge in the cant, the facbion, the unfairness, the malice of political and, still worse, of religious parties, to shout down every unpopular name, to buy in the cheapest market and sell in the dearesb, to look with practical indifference on the wrongs and sufferings which seethe around us — is all that so meritorious as to be rewarded at once with tbe hidden mauna and the fruits of the Tree of Life? If we look for heaven we muet endeavor to be heavenlv : if we want to die the death of the righteous we must live his life, we must have something of his aims and of his character, if our last end is to be like his. And meanwhile it would be an idle false hood to maka believe that most meu are aim ing at this heavenliness of temper here and now. If they want to go to heaveu it ia with the delights and gains of earth. They want to serve two masters — God and mammon. They want a heaven whera they may take with them their pride and ostentation, their comfort and sensuality, their secular envy and ambition, their religious malice and conceit; or they do not look heavenwards at all, they are content with earth ; occupied with the near they do not trouble their thoughts about the far. Yet they are, I suppose, trying to be in some sort happy. Look round us in this world ! 'Why is it that we see men on all sides wearying them selves in the very fire to obtain this or that? it can only ba because they imagine that those things will make them happy. But will they ? Not so 1 Most men are certainly giving their fruit unto the caterpillar and their labor unto the grasshopper; they are doing for them selves cisterns — broken cisterns that will hold uo water; they are giving their money for that which is not bread, and their labor for that whioh eatish'ech not. And the marvellously sad thing is th&t; men never seem bo utilise the amassed experience youth, the man is eager to run the race his fathers ran, however vain and wretched that race may have been. Satan knows our weakness so well, and bo utterly despises his victims, that he spreads the snare quite openly in tbe sight of the silly bird. He dangles the gilded bait before us, and hardly takes the trouble to conceal the lacerating hook in it. Year after year, in generation after generation, be impu dently whispers the everlasting lie which cost us Paradise, and hardly conceals from us, even ab the moment, that it is anything but a lie. And yet he knows that, betrayed by the sorcery of inward passion, youth after youth, and man after man, and woman after woman, will listen to the envenomed whisper, 'Yea, hath God said, and ye shall be as goda, and ye shall not die,'' aud will pretend to believe, or persuade themselves that they believe, that it is not a lie. And that though the victims of it lie slain on every side, lie in the grave like sheep, death feeding upon them suddenly in the morning, and their beauty consuming in the sepulchre out of their dwelling. One hardly knows,' therefore, whether it is of any use at all to point out once -more that we fatally, seek our happiness in wrong direc tions here, and that thereby we are de liberately flinging away the appointed means for gaining ib hereafter. I see no hope whatever for this state of things in . the world and in the church except in the cross of Christ. And to me that cross of Christ does nob mean a message of all but universal damnation ; ib means, on the contrary, a lesson that the boundless mercy of God transcends illimitably the creeping little ness of man, and that mercy triumphs over justice. If there be no broad hope for the present state of things somewhere in the depth and breadth and length and height of tbe unsearchable riches of Christ's Gospel, then I eee it nowhere ab alL For, in truth, unless most of us become very far different from what we are, it is a blaspheming madness to talk as though euoh as we were worthy, through any merits of ours, to walk hereafter in tbe eight of God's countenance, or to join with the white angels in the unimaginable song. And eo, in my point of view, the question of this life's happiness is. closely intertwined with that of the world to come. And if here below we have persistently Bought our happiness in things' which are the abhorrence of heaven, I am sure that there must be some fires, fires of mercy, in which all this must be purged oat of us, before heaven can ever open to us its golden gates. For what is the spectacle which man at this moment, in this country, in this city, presents? What is the aim of all this surging multitude whioh we meet in the street*? What are their human wishes for themselves and for their children ? I fear that for most ef us the poet's epitaph will do — Ob ! purb'ind »?e of miserable men, * How many among us ab thin very hoar Do forge a lifelong trouble for ourrelvw By tttloni tnie ior false *nd faUe for true ? Here through the feeble twilight o! tbe world. Gtoping, how many! Until we pan and reua , _Tb»6 otner wbtre we we u we »re «eea. . : Many men, perhaps the least ignoble, are -caught by ambition, and, the passions which cluster round it. To be ambitious dbesv noftt Manila *:-«»bb* man; , There are email -ambitions as well m large; » clerk «b afltaoesman or a great wrner in hia. To get on, to succeed, so outshine no- and-so, to win thin. or that ineh-high promotion, to tie some body, 4o joule oneself forward in she miserable preaB, to have the first plaoe, not the.oxxmd, or, at any rate, the millionth plaoe, not merely the millionth and first. Men desire this BO much, they struggle for it so hard, that the* must fancy there is some happiness in it, H they did not they would with much greater wisdom stand einher humbly or disdainfully aside, and see others elbowing, puffing and pushing, and scheming themselves into pre cedence, but it is all a delusion. I say nothing of the meannesses to which men often submit in the stniffgle, nothing of the jealousies with which tbe struggle may be tormented, nothing of tbe fact that fame even ia half dis-fame, and means many a wound from the sick, weak beast of envy. I say nothing of the inevitable disappointments, of siokuess or bereavement, or the transiency or d fcooohautmens of fruition ; I say nothing of the cup of success dashed away by death or by change at the very moment than our lipfi seem to touch it. I say that ab the very best, under the very best circumstances, the thing gained in the form of earthly success can never give us any real or deep or lasting satis faction. ' Vanity of vanities ! AH is vanity !' Write that epitaph broad and large over all the catacombs and cemeteries and mauso leums of the world, for so in one phrase or j other not only did Solomon say it, but Vespasian, as he rode in triumph, the ? Emperor of Rome, and Gelimer, King of the Vandals, as he tvalkcd in ohains before the chariot of Belisariua, and KajKjleon on the very day of his coronation, and the Duke of Wellington as he rode amid the hatred of the multitude through the streets of London, and so says the drunken pauper on his death-bed in the filthy room. A sharp boy of humble degree, the son of a Reading draper named William Land, rises to be Prime Minister and Archbishop of Canterbury in one, tbe all but absolute authority in Church and State. The greatest living nobleman of the day, the Karl of Stratford, wrote to congratulate him and wish him many happy days. What was his answer, on the very day that he had reached the summit of his ambition? 'My lord,' _ he wrote, 'I thank vou heartily for. your kind . wishes to me that 'God would send me many : and many happy days where I am now ; to be. But truly, my lord, I look for j neither — not for many, for I am _ in | years and have had a troublesome life ; 1 not for happy, for I have no hope to do ! the good I desire. And, in truth, my lord — ! I speak seriously— I have had a heaviness., hanging over me ever Bince I was nominated ; to this place, and I can Rive myself no account' of it.' ' Vanity of vanities !' So ends one of the most famous novels of modern times — . ' Which of us has what he desires, or, haying it, is satisfied ?' ' Vanity of vanities, all is vanity !' Write ' , it on the king's mausoleum ! Write ib on the ; paupers grave ! But perhaps you belong, and probably you may do, to the larger number of those sensible and practical pertons who, not caring much for rank or fame want money and what money brings. That yellow dross is at least manifest, tangible, appreciable, the heavy purse, the earnings in the till, the large ? balance at your banker's, tbe multiplying in vestments, the lucky speculations about which perhaps you have not been too particular how solid they are. How the world bends to the moneyed man! Yet if the love of money weie not a disease, if it were not the root of all kinds of evil, if it were not difficult for a rich man to be humble and heavenly, would Christ have said that it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter cbe kingdom of God? Would Christ have drawn H13 two companion pictures, which should hang side by side in the gallery of every rich man's heart — the picture of Dives and Lazarus, and the picture of the Mch fool? If there be no danger in greed and Mammon worship, which observation may discern in the heart of the poor quite as much as of the rich, would St. Paul have said, 'They who will be rich fall into temptation and a snare, and to many foolish and hurtful lusts which drown them in destruction and perdition ?' There is only one kind of wealth which adds, or can add, to true happiness, that is the wealth far less plentiful than gold, it is the treasure laid up, not on earth, but in heaven ; it is the wealth planned in works of merciful fore thought ; it is the wealth which is increased by the limitation of vain desires. And, lastly, are there none of yon young men and young women who fancy that happi ness may be found in a thing which you call pleasure? Hank, power, fame — these are the dazzling meteors of the few. Money, Mammon, that is tbe coarse yellow idol of the many. The will-of-tbe-wisp which gleams before you who love pleasure is far the dead liest and far the most delusive ; it is the bale ful light born of miasma, and flickering over the marshes where no foot can tread. Pleasure sometimes in the form of gaiety, amusement, idleness, frivolity, fondness for dress, fondness for admiration — in' the young woman the vanity, the mincing folly, the soft weakness; in the young man the shirking of pain, tbe shirking of duty, the absorbing and guilty selfishness, the vain love of excitement ; in both the giddy trifling and coquetting, and idle talking and jesting on the very verge t-- the precipice of sin ; and when these have brought forth their natural fruit of guilt and folly, oh ! the fall of that shuddering precipice ! oh ! the gbastliness of that in exorable satiety! Of all modes of seeking happiness this confusion of it with brief and bitter pleasure, followed by shame, is the most) fatal— fatal to obhers, fatal with inevitable re tribution. Curses await, hungry-eyed, around the path of those who lay waste the inner sanctities of their being — the shame, the sin, the wrong of it 3 Tell me, all you who have tasted these fruits of the Dead Sea Plains, whether they have nob left dust and ashes in their taste? What voices of tbe dead shall I evoke to describe this vanity of sore disease ? Shall it be the mould of fashion and the glass of form who said, ' I have i-njoyed all the pleasures of the world, and consequently know their futility. I by no means desire to repeat the nauseous dose for the Rake of the fugitive dream f Or shall it be this, the splendidly gifted noble poet, who an the age of 33 wrote — My da-« are In the yellow leaf, The flowers, the fruit of life «re gone. Ibe worm, the canker, and the gnel Are miue olone V Orsfaall it be his who in the last eight years of his life of lingering agony wrote: — 'lam only a poor, death-sick Jew, an emaciated image of trouble, an unhappy man.' Ah 1 1 need evoke no witnesses from the tomb — the streets of London with their thousands of living ghosts are far more terrible ; men and women, or what once were men and women, not spirits without bodies, bat bodies which are bodies only, and have quenched all the spirit in them by sin and shame ; the streets ot London with their unblushing corruption and their hidden Nemesis, streets and places of amusement where they go as oxen to the slaughter and as fools to the correction of the stocks; streets where souls for whioh Christ died consume in the fire of man's basest appetites; streets of London, where men and women pass, as they passed of old, through fires more awful than those in the valley of the ohildren of Hinnom ; the streets of London with their open vice and their dreadful Idruukenness— have they no tongue to echo the solemn appeals of Scripture? Is . there no witness in their horrid voices? Is there no warning in the graving of their wasted hands? Enough 1 There is, and tbere can be, no happiness in these things where men seek them — in ambition, money, pleasure, wherein all but the fewest seek them. . They give no happiness here, they lead in tha path which is the opposite to all happiness here after. Most forms of human sin and error spring from man's vain search for living happi ness among such dead. things as these; and most sins aro the poisonous blossoms of tha upas, the deadly fruits of the mandrakes, the pride and sensuality of our fallen nature. Again and again I say they are vanity, not, alas ! the mere vacuum of emptiness, bat also the plenum oE misery and ruin ; nob waterless clouds, bat clouds which rain blaBting and mildew; nob empty cisterns, but cisterns ?full of poison and bitterness. If we want) happiness at all' we musb seek it otherwise and otherwhere. These things, at any rate, are what tbe Greek called them — All dust and all nothingness.' But if youask me how is that otherwise, and where is that otherwhere where - we most seek' happiness, I have no time to dwell on it to-day, but my text tells yon, ' Who is lie that desireth to live and would fain see good days? Keep thy tongne from evil and thy lips from speaking guile. Depart from evil, and do good, seek peace, and pursue it,' _ And tbere is One who -will tell you better still than David' — Onenotrioh, - but homeless, not honored, bat hated by the world and by the Church, and afflicted and despised, not seeking His own pleasure, bat only doing His Father's will. The world says, ' Blessed are the rich ! Bleesed are the comfortable ! Blessed ore they that get on! Blessed are the men who enjoy life and please themselves, *nd look down on others !'.' That is the world's road to happiness. Christ's is the opposite. He, the Son of God, in Hia peasant's garb, under the open heaven, eat on the green Tulleide, and sa - the countless multitudes nung aponHis parted lips ' He opened His month and taught them, Baying— Blessed are the poor inspirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Bleesed axe they that mourn, for they shall be oomfqrted. Blessed are the meek, for they shall' inherit line earth. Blessed are they that hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be . filled. Blessed are the merciful, for tihey shall obtainmeroy. Blessed ate tfae pure in heart, for they shall eee God.' y .-. The number of births and deaths registered in Jdte General Register Office dannjjHne week . ended Saturday, Al»y 5, *»s:— Births, 130 nialesandlll females; deaths, -68 males and ' 38 females;** jtotalibraU. births and 96 . deaths, or en excess of U5 births. For the district of Adelaide the fipres wem— Birsna, ?,---? 16 males ,»nd 16 females; deaths, lOtnalecaad : ; 7 females; a. total of 32 births aad 174ea«b«, v QXRnexm3BQll5birtbaJ ./_'.. ..??vv-^:.--;;-.- *??:£&* ' '-~* '? ''??, -I '' ' ?'???? ' '?'? ' :?? 'W&t;&Mli; ;y-:|^S 