LILYDALEMETHODIST CHURCH ANNIVERSARY. Tin? auniversary services of the United fil< Ihodist Free Church were celebrated on rk;i:Uny last when three services were held. I:i th'j uiorniug the pastor. Rev E. Turner, occupied the pulpit and preached an iui- I'L-.ssive sann-ju. He chose his text froui thy- Acts of Llni Apostles, 1st chapter,-- Stli verse. Sir Turner said that the Church of Christ in all ages had been inspired and encouraged by the sacred record in the (s of the Apostke, that we could have 1 the I'ous IK-)y Ghost without the Penticoslal .-jcjiks as wc could receive Christ without a miracle, and be converted without Paul's blindness. The order of the text was first the reccptinii of the Holy Sj»iiit, aud then pov.-cr. This power has its s»3at in the ln.'!'.ri: diltorcut forces have thtir respective •-•.ulres. The lealisalion of this power has ii.j condition:-,, which are supreme love for Chris*, .•jurrisisder of our -.vills to the Divine will, ;uid implicit trust i-.i Gud. When ! this po.-vcr is realised it must be rightly | used to be retained, ns it was a natural law for an organ to lose its power if usud. The Divine willingness to give this power increases human rosponsibiJily Simple means would be used in God's service when they were Divinely energised. The reception of (his p-»wer generated mural courage which Christ's service oft»-ii required. The rev. gentleman preach- d j ai;aiu in the afternoon, and selected as the I basis of his discourse the words found iu | the 7lh chapter of Hebrews, 20th verse. ! The preacher showed that the mysterious as3ociatious*»f Christ's life could not be I explained on human grounds pure aud ' simple. That Christ's birth was exceptional and His life was the Game. Christ felt keenly His own separalencss, aud meuitie.3 iu ungodly families have in a lesser dvyrcc done the same, Christ's moral perfection was the secret of His success. The preacher referred to Professor Seeley, Napoleon and T. Carlyle's testimonies concerning Clnist. The church, to retain her spiritual power, must be separate from lliu world. In the evening the Rev .J. R. Anderson (Prenbyteiian) preached. He chose for liis tuit St Matthew, 22nd chapter, 42rd verse, " What think ye of Christ?'' " What do y«.u think of so aud so?" is a question, remarked the preacher, frequuiitlj' ask of one another, and if we have Lhoun tlie ptrscn referred to we invaiiablj' express ail opinion, but should the person be not oue of our acquaintance then we liave no right to Her an opinion. Touching the words of the text, said Mr Anderson, Christ does I not expect us to auswer it uuless_wa know something or Hun. Tlie Pharisees when they heard him said, " never man spake like this man." Pilate, before whom Christ w*s tried, told His accusers that he could lind no fault in ilim. Judas, after betraying the Lord, rushed away and cried, "I have sinned iu that I have betrayed iuuoccnt blood." Another ivjtiif iS exehiimeJ, *' Surely this is I he Ciuist..' 1 This was the testimony of his enemies. Thomas eKclaimed, " Jly Lord and my god." Saul of Tarsus eouuted all thiu-is loss for the excellency of Christ. J l rutcs.T;r TullocIi. a bright ind eminent E-cliokir, dti.'l.iiiii <ii it 1 }e Lad one pj? : ..-.:-.:i"ii <iiid (hat was Christ. •S^uiUci Ruilji.-rf-.nl. of Bonnie .Scotland, broke on*, t-i tutL:. ucrds, "Ub. when shall I depart tiii^ life : Oh ii j-i, toii^ is it to the | l.nl i)ay. C-iine ovtr the mouutains, Lord, fi I r.jiu stiide and make haste." John iNe'.vioii, wiiij Jjiul;e |iis mother's heart, .: upon bL-coniinv «i christain. iaid, Sweeter 3''ii^s now hold me to lmanuel's laud," eta. .Such was the united testimony of friends and foes. In conclusion, Mr Anderson urged upon his hearers to seek to know something of Christ aud to begin that eveuiug. The tea was hi-.ld iu the Athenajuiu Hall on Tuesday evening. There was a plentiful supply of ":akes, tarts, sandwiches, etc., but the attendance of the public was very limited. Those who presided at the tables were Mecdanies Oli rer (3), H. Hill, Misses J. LePage aud E. Johnston. The public meeting was held iu the church, and s. fair number attended. After singing the opening hymn the Rev T. Itiiiii)'-; engaged in prayer. Ivyv E. Turner expressed regret at iiavimj to announce the non-atteudance of Mr E. H. Cameron, M.L.A., who had pi unused to act at ehairtjjau. and the reason of that geutleujan's abseuce would be c:_j:laiutd later on. However, they lnid io select another chairman, aud they had chosen one from their own church. To talk of Mr G. R. White in Lilydale was like taking cual to Newcastle. He asked those present to welcome Mr White as chairman. AuUmm-by the choir—"I will praise Thee." Sir White, in commencing bis address, rcuiatked that he was there that evening in a dual capacity. H6 Jiad been asked to preside over the meeting, and those present had ratitied the request. Iu icferriny to the unavoidable absence of Mr Cameron he said that gentleman had told h itn some days since that lie would endeavor to be present, but they now I'-arncJ by telegram that he had to attend :i Cabinet meeting. Ho (the speaker) hoped that the decicions of this Cabinet 1•ueutiuu would mean brighter prospects fo 1 ' " UU1J mean LUI-hhsl colony, and that it would be the means of lifting it out of the slouch of depression. The pUainjmi tljen said he v , " ils also presenl as a trustee, and had lo a balarce sheet to thein. The -'alduee sheet showed nil to start with and tu fini ! s ' 1 with. But the other gi-ie u ' 5rt -'d there was a debit balance of The Tim anniversary was „„„ one of „r those th^ ,ut!4U3 adopted whereby the trustees C o^1 some of the sinews of war to Cany 011 Uie wo, k » but unfortunately the j weather would nerhans cause the result ! 1,jUo be 50 Euccesaful as usual, but he r " £ttd those present would assist to their , J m ° St - The trustees had ofteu been ! a , I ,rus5ed ^ find tlie means to pay the merest of tho principal. He theo ufged !:, m Jf! adopt ae their motto the text 0 mr^vard," and t|iat as co-workers uey would assist the trustees to carry, out ^ n 1C r uties me et their liabilities. anH . ast y 0 " «hn colony had got lower • a in tho slough of depression, but if lie could read the signs of the turns Uiey were on the upward tendency, aud ,f this view were corrcct, then thlr watchword should be "forward," and live nearer to God. The feeling that we were all brethren was Mrowioc, and he i ^"V 06 " f world for the Tact that ^Ihe teachings „r Christ were not w eagerly graced as they should be. Speaking as a cliorcli be said there was plen^ ot room for improvement in j Lilydale, for about 50 per cent. oF the inhabitants never attended a place of worship. There was a fault somewhere. Was there anytbiug repugnant to them in the church ? or was it die fault of n ro - fessmg Chnstians ? Woe unto us if the latter is correct! They must go forward, and if a revival takes place then they should get 100 per ceut. of th e infiabitauts of Lilydale to attend church, aud then the trustees would be able to present a clean balance sheet. (Applause). Anthem by the choir—"Sing aloud unto God." Rev T. Riding said that during the chairman's address he thought he would speak on the subject " Is Christianity played out? 'but be would keep that for some future occasion. He did not know whether this was a welcome tea or the usual anniversary tea. He would like to make a few remarks in reference to Rev E. Turner. All he could say was that he was a good sterling u?au, and trusted the eople would work harmoniously with him. g fe was as true as steel and had a big conscience. Those present should give according Lo their meatus, aud help to clear the de'Jtoff-tlro dinnco. , He urged them Lo work iu unity, and to be successful they must exert a Christian influence over others. He would like to see eveiy member of the church convert one soul per year, and they would be astonished at the wonderful difference this would make. Solo aud chorus—" The Sinner and the Song," Mr Heuniug. Rev. J. R. Anderson, M.A., related an ani'cpote of a preacher who said that when Dr -Jabez Bunting died the sun of Methodism had set. An old uian iu the con«rejjalioit remarked, "Thauk God, that's a lie." This uiau had more faith than the pi eaeher, aud he was inuliued to be of the same opiuion when he looked around and saw the props of Methodism in Lilydale— It.-/. E. Turner aud Mi G. R. White. Looking at them physically and spiritually the sun of Methodism did not look like netting, and he trusted there would he more props to help the church aloug. If any body could wipe off a debt it was the Methodists. He hoped that before Mr Tin uer took his departure from Lilydale the debt on the church would be cleared off. He theu spoke a few words lo the ladies present. He chose for his subject the ivord 44 Pon't." The text was short. He could give many M dont's," but he would not do so that night. Don't be sl.iveuly, because it leads to bad habits. A slovenly wifes makes a miserable home, ond of teu the husband is so disatisiied that he seeks enjoyment elsewhere. Cleauliness is liest to godliness. Seek to be tidy and not extravagant. Dou't read bad books. Bad talk was not uice, but bad books were worse, as they very ofteu untitled a girl for the life she should lead. Don't gossip. Don't bear tales, for a talebearer often made iuuoceut people suffer. He had heard of many societies, and oue wad entitled 44 The Auti-poke your Nose iuto other People's Business." He wished there was such a one in Lilydale. Long tongues and long noses had done a lot of harm. During his remarks Mr Anderson related se\ eral pieces of Irish humor which were highly enjoyed. Captain Castle, of the Salvation Army, was pleased to be present auu say a few words. There was plenty of work for the churches iu Lilydale. If the people would not come to church tliep the Christiaus should go and bring them fa. The members of the church should support their pastor with prayer, aud he sincerely hoped that the church would experience more prosperous times. Anthem by life choir—'t'Thiue, Q Lord.'' Rev E. Turner said that he wag pleased at seeing so many preseuL, iu spite of the inclemency of the weather. He had felt downcast early iu the day, but he knew that the Almighty was working for the best. It has been sajd that 50 per gejit. of the residents of Lilydale d{d no£ attepd church. Now, when the Prince of Wales visits a certain hjrge estate in ISngiaud all the game is driven iuto a corner, where he shoots then:, and tbeu tjjs uews is gashed all over the world that he has taken splendid aim. If the 50 per ceut- who attend church iu Lilydale would get the otbor 50 pep cent, l-o chucoh, he felt aure the miuiaters would be able to shoot some of them. It was a peculiar thing that in theatres the audience got as ue&r; the stage as possible, but iu church they gat as near the door as they could get. He did not believe in theatres on priupiplp. Talking of revivals they must get power from on high. Spurgeon attributed his success to the power of faith and prayer iu his church By auesdotes he showed the necessity for more Christian faith for success to attend their efforts. No uiau should desire ; wealth or social honors, but as Christians should desire the salvation of souls. If thie desire grew why Eliould not all churches in Lilydale tie tilled? He would not ask one to leave another church to join his, neither would he like oue of his members takeu from him- All the churches should join ip one great revival. He moved s cqiijpreheusiye votp of thinks to the chairiuau, tlie speaker, the Rev J. R. Anderson for his service on Sunday evening, tho ladies, Miss LeFage (for collecting), and Mr ^rijott, Mr White seconded the vote, with the exception of the oue relatiug to the chairman. The vote was carried by acclamation, the Rev J. R. Auderson responding.. The singiug of the doxolqgy aqd the pronouncing of the benediction terminated the proceedings. Miss C. Lepage presided at the organ, while Mr Hentiing led the singing. Both are deserving of special mention for the manner iu which they carried out their dutieB. 