MEN OF MUSCLE. fI.ANTS THAT HAVE FIGURED IN THE PAST. Of the wonderful athletes of all ages, Milo of Creton is perhaps the most known. Ite once tan a mile with an ox on his shoulders; then, with a blow of his list, he killed the beast and te it in one day. SThe strongest man could not take from Milo a pomegranate which he held between his two fngers, although a woman he loved is saidto have doneit. He could break by contracting his veins and muscles, a cord tied round his Forearm. One day, bmg ing in a house with some pupiS of Pythagoras, the ceiling threatened to ilt rested, thus giving his friends time to escape. His death is well known. He tried to tear isunder the trunk of a tree, but his hands got pinched in the wood, and being unable to dis engage them, he perished, devoured by wild beasts. Theagenes of Thaeso, who, with a body like that of Apollo and the strength of Hercules, surpassed all his rivals in all kindsof exercises, won over 1,400 prizes. Eurybate, Chilo, Euthysnos, and Astydamus won also renown as wonderful athletes. The strength of Samson is too well known to I need description here. The Roman Emperor Calus Julius Verus Maximns was a marvel of strength, being able to squeeze the hardest stone to powder with his fingers. He was upwards of eight feet in height, and his wife's bracelet could serve him as a fingerring. Salvius, of Rome, could walk up a ladde carrying 2001b. on his shoulders, 200th. in his hands, and 2001b. fastened to his feet. Athanatus could run round the arena carry. ing 5001b. fastened to his feet. Icons could hold the most furious bull and tear away his horns as easily as one would pull up radisheb. Sc nderberg, Kingof Albania, who lived in the fifteenth century, was reputed the strongest man of his time. He was a man of great stature, and the power of his arm was such that he thought nothing of cutting two men in halves with one single blow of his sword. Francis of 'ivonne, Lord of Chasteignerave, who lived at the Court of Francis I. of France, could stop a bull by seizing it by the horns. Louis de Doufilers, who lived in the sixteenth century, could break a bar of iron with his hands. The strongest man could not take from him a ball which he held between his thumb and first finger. While standing up, with no support what ever, four strong soldiers could not move him: he remained as firm as a rock. Sometimes he amused himself by taking on his shoulders his own horse, fully harnessed, and with thaiheavy load he promenaded the pubhc square to the great delight of the inhabitants. At about the same time therelived a Spaniard named Piedro, who could break the strongest handcuffs that could be put round his wrists. He folded his arms on his ches. and ten iroen pulling in different directions with ropes could I not uLfold them. Augustus IL, El ctor of Saxony, was a man of greath strength; he could carry a man in his open hand. One night he quietly threw out of a window a monk who paraded his palace, pre 3 tending to be a ghost. SAugustus's son, the famous Maurice, 3 Marechal de Saxe, who commanded the French r at Fontenoy, was also a marvelof strength. On a one occasion he twisted with his fingers only a long nail into a corkscrew, with which be drew the corks of half a dozen bottles. He could I break with his hands the strongest horseshoe. One day when in London he had a row with a dustman, when he seized the man by the I head, and, throwing him in the air, let him a drop right in the middle of his own dust-cart. t The only opponent who succeeded in resisting him was a woman, a Mdlle. Gauthier, an act ress. Maurice tried with her to see who could put down the other's wrist, and after a long struggle she won, but with the greatest diffi r cnlty. The power of Mdlle. Ganthier's arm was far beyond the common, and with her fingers she could roll up silver plates as easily as any one I would paper. a Thomas Topham, born in London in 1710, r was a man possessed of extraordinary strength. . He once lifted three casks filled with water and a weighing in all 1,836 pounds. He is said to have had the combined strength of 12 men. Ie could bend a stout bar of iron by bold. ing the two ends with his hands, placing the middle of the bar behind his neck and bringing 1 the two ends forward. He could also undo a what he had done-that is, straighten the bar e again, a much more difficult feat. He broke a rope fastened on the "round that would sustain 2,0001b. weight, and lifted an oak a table 6ft. long with his teeth, though a half ehundredweight was hung at the extremity. r WVith one hand he raised a man who weighed d 27 stone. Once, seeing a watchman asleep in his box, a he carried away both man and box a long dis. a tance. It is said of him that, having been placed on some duty at the entrance gate of a I racecoarse, he refused to allow a four-horse coach to go through; on the driver whipping up his horses and attempting to pass, Topham took hold of the hind wheels of the coach and a upset it and its occupants into the roadway. o Topham, who kept a public.house in Isling. a ton, had a wife who quarrelled with him to h such an extent that she drove him to commit suicide. Hercules, Samson, Milo and many other wonders of bodily strength had to give r ay to a woman; so did Topham, apparently. S At about the same time as Topham there s lived another wonderfully strong man, Richard Joy, whose feats may possibly have got mixed o in records with those of Touham. Richard 7 Joy was already renowned for his marvellous strength before Topham was born. He was commonly known as the "Kentish t Samson" and the "Strong Man of Kent." Among other things, he could cope successfully a ainstany powerful horse, lift a ton weight, Sand snapa rope that bre3,500 pounds without a breaking, the latter being far more extraordin a ary than Topham's similar feat. ; He was drowned in a smuggling expedition y some ten years before Topham's death, and is Lt buried in the churchyard of St. Peter's Church, It near Broadstairs. it A Scotchman, said to be the last of the u Stuarts, was also possessed of exaraordinary strength, from which circumstance he got the " byname of Jemmy Strength. Among other if feats, he could carry a 24-pounder cannon, and !s had been known to lift a cartroad of hay 't weighing a ton and a half upon his back. Many a time he took up a jackass, and, carry. I; ing it on his shoulders, walked through the a toll-gate. :e A Belgian giant could stand up under two tons. 1, Jonathan Fowler, a Massachusetts fisherman, r, once walked out knee.deep through the mud i, and filth of a seashore at low tide to a shark left by the retiring waters, shouldered it, and brought it alive on his back to the shore. The :e shark weihed l00 pounds, quite a load, con If sidering-that it was not the most portable of e articles, and that the man had to wade through mud. Dr Winship, the well-known American athlete, raised from the ground 1,4001b. A seaman on board the celebrated cruiser the u Alabama, u Scotchman niamel Sill, could lift a Sman at arm's length with one hand. Abraham Lincoln, the martyr President, was a manof great strength. He could with one d blow bury an axe in the trunk of a tree h deeper than any other man, and he is said to have thrown across the roadway a pigeon. I, hbouse weighing 600lb. 