THE PRESIDENT'S CHARGE. . 'The preparations of the heart belong to man ; but the answer o£ the tongue is from the Lord.' Proverbs xvi. 1. (Revised Ver sion.) These are the words of the Royal Preacher ; a king, who, whatever his faults were, taught his people some sublime truths ; and who, had his practice been equal to his preaching, would have been the greatest man in the world. The grandeur of his genius is doubted by none, his inspiration is at any rate accepted by us, and as these words of his undoubtedly refer to Preachers, we have in this vital matter the conclusions of the subtlest intellect the world has seen, illuminated by the light that never deceives. The preparations of the heart then are man's. All that goes before the preaching, the outward announcement of the message. I had hitherto thought that this meant simply the workings of his intellect— the preparation of the sermon in the mental sphere ; but an examination of the context shows that it goes much farther, taking in the movements of the heart and soul, even to the innermost part of us, the spirit ; and the word ' heart ' seems to have been chosen on purpose to cover all this ground, as it is the most indefinite word in Hebrew psychology, and applied to any and every portion of the immaterial part of us. Let us begin then with the preparation of the spirit : that is man's, that is yours. It is perfectly true that you have little power over * the spiritual part of you, that is, little power directly ; but you have infinite power in directly. Our souls look out on a spiritual universe just as our bodies look out on a material ; and the one has its sun and atmosphere just as much as the other. Look at the preparation or the trees and flowers to draw in solar heat and the lifegiving oxygen. How they open their leaves, and thrust out their branches, rising ever higher to get more sunlight and a purer air. So there are pos sible to you preparations in the spiritual part of you to draw in light and strength from ' the spiritual universe, on whose margin you * aue. The soul has extensions, tendrils, pro jections into the Unseen, Let the trees teach you a lesson. The great thing they aim at is that there should be nothing between them and, the sun. Be it so with you in your experience here. Every morning get a fresh pardon, a fresh cleansing, a fresh consecra tion ; and let your preparations include the gathering in of spiritual power. Closely allied to' this, are the preparations of the moral part of us, which for our purpose may be roughly grouped under three heads, viz. : Conscientiousness, Sincerity, and Purity. Now, it is notorious that the con science is very much as we make it ; so much bo, that as you are aware it has been denied that we have any conscience at all, so widely does it seem to differ in individuals. But I need not stay to prove to you that the con science is there, though the range of its sensitiveness runs from the tenderness of the eye, down to the callousness of the heel. Now, to be an efficient preacher of the Gospel, you must have a tender conscience. I have known ministers guilty of gross faults still preaching, and telling the people to follow their precepts not their practice. But they were not Methodist preachers. But even in Methodist preachers, the range of sensitiveness in their consciences is considerable. Now a dull conscience operates against a minister in two ways. The external acts of a doubtful character which it allows, neutralise the effects of his sermon. I remember one instance in Bngland. An excellent preacher he was, a man with a fine gift of prayer. You could not help getting a blessing on the Sunday, but it / would be lost if you had anything to do with him during the week. And it operates inter nally. The preacher's work is to raise the sen sitiveness of the consciences of his congrega tion. How can he do that if his own conscience is callous? The stream cannot rise higher than its source. In all your pre parations of the heart, watch your conscience ; let your prayer be ever : ' Quick as the apple of an eye, O God, my conscience make.' And then there is sincerity ; the 1 being what you seem to be'. The world is full of its contrary, and the insincerities of the daily converse of mankind with one another is a favourite theme with satirical papers, who are never weary of painting men and women of the world meeting with gushes of affection thoie whom in their hearts they detest, and talk against when their back is turned. We see its ugliness there ; but it is just as ugly, nay, far more so in a minister of the Gospel. You may preach like an angel, but if your congregation have got the idea that you are insincere, it will have little weight. If they find that you have said one thing to one person and another thing to another, good-bye to your influence over them. I know it is difficult to be transparently truthful and sincere — I question if anyone has succeeded except the Lord Jesus Himself — but we may get very near it. There is a difference be tween insincerity and untruthfulness. You may be untruthful without knowing it, but in insincerity you are aware of it. Nay, I have known ministers who have made a boast that they have said things stronger thau ought to have been said, for the purpose of swaying those who were addressed. Oh may your prayer ever be ' May all our converse be sincere, Our conscience as the noonday clear.' And then as to purity. There are some souls that are instinctively pure, but the number is small. Most now-a-days have a soul that cleaves to the dust, and. the impurity of our material nature taints our higher powers. The difficulty in keeping ourselves pure is that so often matters are perfectly pure up to a certain point, and it is only when, they get beyond that, that they are tainted. And in the rush of thought and feeling, as this life of ours gyrates along with innumerable oscilla tions, ' who can understand his errors ?' Still in a minister who sets up to teach others the spiritual senses ought to be able so far to discern between the evil and the good, as to draw the line over which the gross and material must not pass. My dear young brethren, I adjure you to keep yourself pure. Begin with the. lips. Set a watch on your mouth. Let nothing impure or smutty go forth from it. And then keep a strong hand over your mind ; resist the images that will present themselves there ; and when the enemy come» in like a flood, as he will sometimes, drive him out with a contrary flood of Scripture or hymn : and in your heart of hearts suffer not yourselves to linger for a moment with that which is gross and debasing. And then we come to the hoart proper; that great bundle of passions, without which life would not be worth living. Re member that the success of the preacher's life depends upon keeping that in order. Which passion shall we take first ? Ambition, say. That complex of sensations which makes itself felt in the love of praise, the desire to rise, the pursuit after honour in high places. There can be no doubt that this is a natural part of us, and being natural, must be to some degree or other good and right. Where the point is at whieh ambition ceases to be right in ordinary men, is difficult to say ; but the matter is easier in the case of a Methodist preacher. I remember one Chairman of a District urging his young men to be ambitious, to aim high. ' I,' said he ' am aiming at being President of the Conference.' I ven tured to speak, and humbly to utter a caveat against such a doctrine, and said that all the ambition I permitted myself from the time I entered the ministry was to be a ' workman that needeth not to be ashamed, handling rightly the word of truth.' The history of that Chairman does not add weight to his advice to be ambitious. On the contrary it is on the side of Wolsly's famous deliverance ' Cromwell, I charge thee ; fling away ambition.' I repeat, that up to a certain point, the ambi tion of the Methodist preacher may go with a clear conscience. The ambition to be a winner of souls, the ambition to be a workman ' that needeth not be ashamed.' Up to that point, all is clear ; above that point your path would be dubious. If I might be allowed in all humility to add my own experience, I would earnestly exhort' you to be content with this ambition. It has become now a habit with me, and has saved me from a thousand pangs, has guarded me from jealousy of my brethren, has enabled me to rejoice when another has gained success, and it has prepared me to be anything or go anywhere as the Church has thought fit. Then there is another passion not far off : the love of gain ; the love of money. This must have existed in the pre-bistoric period, back to the glacial age. It is no doubt an integral part of our nature, this desire to acquire. I see no sin in it, if not carried on to the injury of others. I have no sympathy whatever with the idea that is prevalent now that it is a sin to be rich ; but a man who is called to be a Methodist preacher must give up many things, and this is one of them. What is not a sin in a Roths child or a Tyson would be a deadly one in you. ?'You have nothing now to do but to save souls,' said John Wesley ; and I charge you as you will meet your Master by-and-by, to have as little to do with filthy lucre as possible. It is such an uncertain thing this money, that it is impossible for you to dabble much in it, and have the peace that passeth understanding. And if you yield to its fascination, it will absorb more and more of your time and strength, and may drive you, as it has driven others, to deeds unworthy of you. Be warned in time my young brethren. Our way in these matters is hedged up ; and ' He that breaketh a hedge a serpent shall bite him.' Nor must I pass over that master passion of the heart, as it is usually called, the love of the sexes — perhaps God's grandest thought in planning the happiness of this world. Happily, in our Church, we are free from the stigma fixed upon it by the Roman Catholics. With us, marriage is honour able. Yea, the usefulness of the married minister is acknowledged to be far greater than that of the single, and every part of his minis terial life shows increased power, whether his work in the study, his pastoral visits, or his ministration in the pulpit. This is indisputable! Yet, like the other passions, it has its dangerous side, and many of our best ministers have had their lives all but ruined through it. Indeed it seems to be the besetment of some of the very best. Every minister who has brought out a young man trembles for him until he is married. He watches anxiously to see the choice that he will make. And, oh 1 how foolish some young ministers are in the choice of a partner for life. Caught by a beautiful exterior, beauty that may be only skin deep' and that the wear and tear of a Methodist preacher's life may take away — fascinated by a bright gaiety of manner, or perhaps only swayed by that influence that arises from con tiguity, they wed one altogether unfit for them. And the remainder of their ministerial life is ' Bounded in shallows and in miseries.' I do not know whether any of the young brethren before me have uttered the irrevo cable word. If you have, you must stand by it for better or for worse. But if you have not, let me urge you to make it a matter of earnest prayer. I am not ashamed to say that 1 be lieve that marriages may be made in heaven ; and the God who has called you to His work, will certainly find a helpmate for you if you look to him. But why is it that young men on entering our ministry should be so peculiarly open to female influence ? I have not yet worked the problem out as to what is the cause, but there is the fact. Common sense would tell them to wait awhile, as their proba tion must necessarily be long, and a little ex perience of a preaching life would show them better the kind of wife they need. Some would have us believe that the passion cannot be resisted. It can ; it must be by you. ' The preparations of the heart are man's.' I remem ber reading in the early days of Methodism of a young man who told his superintendent that he could not preach any more in such and such a church. The superintendent asked why, and the young man replied that a young lady, who sat in the front of the gallery, so occupied his thoughts that he could not preach if she was present. The superin tendent was a riding minister — the circuits in those days were something like the cir cuits here, 200 or 300 miles in length — and he reached his riding whip from behind the door, and laid it smartly over the shoulders of the young man, and ' whipped the offending Adam out of him.' Unfortunately in this colony of ours there are very few circuits with two ministers, so that not many of our young men can be placed in so favourable a position for having a fatherly discipline exercised upon them. One word before we pass to another section. The preparations of the heart that we have been talking about are all the more important because they are unseen. If you preach a bad sermon the congregation will find it out, but you may have a bad heart without their finding it out. You may lack spiritual ex perience, lack sincerity, conscientiousness, truthfulness ; your hearts may be filled with impurity, you may be devoured by greed of gain and swollen with ambition, but all that will not be so evident as deficient preparation of the intellect. And yet it will be felt too. Don't imagine for a moment that you can neglect your heart without it having any influence on your ministerial life. Musical instruments may all play the same note, but there will be a difference in the tone of each, the difference known by the technical name of ' timbre.' Now this difference results, we are told by scientists, from the internal arrange ments of the wood or metal. A bell may have no flaw, but yet its tone may be very different from that of another exactly similar outwardly. But experts would know at once that there was molecular stress somewhere in that bell, or a vacuity in some part or other. And so, if you are insincere or impure, or actuated by any but the ' highest aim, while the common mass may applaud, yet many an ear will detect a something in the tone that indicates that all is not right ; and, if we may judge from the history of human pschycology, the number is increasing of those who are sensitive to the moral timbre of a speaker ; or, to use the Apostolic phrase, 'are .discerners of spirits.' I remember one case to the point. He was a fine young man, and he took our circuit by storm. His prayers were fervent, his sermons eloquent, hiB voice sympathetic. ' Here,' said everyone, ' is a man to be proposed for the ministry ! ' He was only a local preacher then. But there were some of us who felt, we knew not why, that all was not right There was nothing- we ^could find fault with, but there the feeling remained. As was quite proper, we said nothing about it. Churcn meetings cannot take any notice of intuitions, only of facts. But by-and-by the ]truth came out — that, whatever his preaching power might be, yet his heart preparations were all wrong. He was insincere and impure. Now for the preparations belonging mora especially to the sphere of the intellect. The first thing, it seems to me, that we should be careful about who attempt to in. fluence others, is that we believe what we say and say what we believe. So that a main point in your preparation must be the maintenance of your intellectual hold upon your creed ; or, in the plain language of the Bible, keeping the Faith, Faith with a capital F. Now in these days this is not easy. Of course it is always a part of the settled order of things that our faith should be tried, but the peculiar trial we are subjected to now is new and difficult. In the last century or in the earlier times of Method- ism, the line of attack was that our doctrines were not in accordance with the Bible. That is given up now, and it is pretty well acknow- ledged on all hands that our theology is Scriptural. But in these days the attack is on the foundation itself, the Bible, especially on the Old Testament. Preachers of the Gospel, some of them of great eminence, have an nounced their disbelief in certain books. Ex- perts in Biblical matters, and lecturers in the great universities have literally torn the Bible to pieces, and have put together again the disjecta membra in such a way that it has become a literary monstrosity. Yet all the while they say to us, ' Don't be alarmed : the dear old Bible is there just the same. What we have done does not affect its inspiration, and has not impugned its authority.' What nonsense. A doctor might just as well carve and anatomise your dearest friend, and then tell you that you had him just the same — every portion of his body was there. The severity of the attack is shown by the fact that even Wesleyan ministers have been affected by it. One has directly given up the Bible as the word of God, another speaks with bated breath of the infallibility of the Scriptures. But one swallow does not make a summer, and the mere handful that have been disturbed by the Higher Criticism do not stand for the great Wesleyan body. We are sound to the core yet. Still my brethren, I sympathise with you in the pain that you feel, that you must feel, from the impact of these attacks on your cherished beliefs. But while I sympathise with you ? I do not hesitate for a moment as to the advice to give you. Hold fast the form of sound words. You can do it. The prepara tions of the heart are man's, and there is no irresistible necessity for giving up your belief. But, say you, so many men of eminence, leaders of the Church, men head and shoulders above the rest of the people, have doubted, and ought we not to doubt ? Ought you to have the influenza because the crowned heads of Europe have got it ? Doubt, methinks in this particular, is a symptom of disease not health. I know you will quote to me the words of the great Tennyson — that grand figure that has just passed away, one of the everlasting mountains of the world's intellect, and whose long life, I gladly acknowledge, has been on the side of righteousness. I know he wrote those words : ' There is more faith in honest doubt, Believe me, than in half the creeds.' I am sorry he did. I believe that thousands who would have resisted the insidious ap proaches of unbelief have yielded to them under the influence of those words. But though Tennyson wrote them I don't believe them — not in a case like this. My brethren, have you not been born again by the Word of God ? This Bible is your parent ; and would you consider it any virtue to listen to aspersions on the character of your mother, or to dpubt her purity or her love ? You would repel them with an energy that would deter the suggester from ever attempting it again. So with regard to this blessed book. It should be dearer to you than father or mother or sister or brother. As the Son of God became incar nate in man, so the Son of Man is incarnate in this Book. Like Him it is 'the Word of God.' If you love it as you ought to do you will say : ' Let all the forms that men devise Assault my faith with treacherous art, I'll call them vanity and lies And bind the Gospel to my heart.' But, say you, how can I hold fast to my faith, when I read that those who are experts in the language in which the Bible is written, find that the pages of the Bible themselves contradict the accepted belief, and point to other origins of the different books than those we have been accustomed to assign to them. Well, of course, this is a problem to be faced. 1 would not if I could, prevent you from going into the matter. That might bring about in your mind such a faith as I saw described the other day, ' a power to believe that which we know to be untrue and that would make you insincere, and vitiate your efforts to convert the people. I think you should go into it once for all ; but having settled it put the question on the shelf ; and, when doubts present them selves again, say, ' Well we have gone into that matter ; there is an overwhelming probability that the Bible is what we believe it to be, and we have got a great work to do, and cannot be for etfar investigating.' That -is the attitude! would urge upon you. Now look at it fairly. ' there not overwhelming probability that tM Bible is the Word of God? Read Rogers' ' Superhuman Origin of the Bible.' It is an oldish book, but has never been answered; and if you can come to the end of that with out feeling that the Bible is the Word of God there must be something wrong somewhere in your intellect. And then there is the testi mony of your experience. You know how the reading of it strengthens and refreshes you, ( Continued on Page 9.) i j the PRESIDENT'S CHARGE. * ? | ( Continued from Page 4.) you have seen its operation in others, how it ! has changed the lives of thousands. History | 8il0ws how it has changed the life of the i world. Above all you have the example of 1 Christ, who certainly accepted the Old Testa j ment as the Word of God. Now, I put it to j y0u ; if anything but the most overwhelming certainty on the other side ought to make you | doubt. Where is that certainty ? Echo answers, i 'Where ?' Take the most controverted book — 1 the Book of Daniel. If it was written when it :| professes to be it is such a proof of the I inspiration of the Bible that thousands of ] opposers would give up the battle at once. | The most desperate efforts h^ve been made to j relegate it to later periods, with the most disastrous results— not to Daniel, nor the i Bible, nor to us, but to the opposers them :? selves. More than thirty schemes have been tried, and the starter of each scheme has commenced by knocking down all the other | schemes, and then setting up his as the only j true one, to be himself knocked down in a few years by someone else ; so that it has become ; lomething like the battle of Gideon with the i Midianites, where every man's sword was ! against his fellow. Now where is the certainty, ! the overwhelming certainty, which alone i ought to allow you to doubt that the Bible is j the Word of God ? i You are all familiar with Euclid — everyone i Know-a-days — and you know that famous kind i of proof of his, called the reductio ad abntrdum. 1 He says, ' If a thing is not what we believe it ! to be, it must be something else. Let us sup i pose it is something else and see where it leads | us.' And he takes you along irresistibly in ; his proof until he lands you in an absurdity, i and convinces you that that path is a wrong : one. Then he tries another and another with i the same result, and leaves the impression on 1 Your mind that the original belief is a correct i one. Now let us see where these critics are i going. What will they land us in ? Dr. Driver, ! following out his method, arrives at the belief that Deuteronomy is a forgery of a later age ! Cheyne, where is his method leading us? Gradually he has given up psalm after psalm, until now he will not allow any single psalm to be David's. Going on in the same path, he no longer believes in the infallibility of Christ ; and in his latest utterances, which I have just seen, he gives up even Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob as being real characters. Who is not ready to say at the end oi such reasonings, as Euclid so often does, 'Which is absurd.' Keep a firm hand then on your intellect. It delights in speculation ; it loves to doubt. I You have no business on the debatable ground. ? Your woik lies in the expounding of a positive ; theology. Ministers of other denominations may have license to roam — and much good i may it do them ! — but we. at least, have our path marked out for us. Wesley, in his God given wisdom ordained, and his successors all over the world have followed his example, that the churches built and dedicated from time to | time, should be used for the preaching of cer | tain doctrines, and those only ; and to guard i against the vagaries of human nature, he bound it up in the iron grasp of law. Nothing can undo that. Then why allow your minds to go wandering in forbidden fields? Hold them in. You can ; you must, if you would be successful Methodist preachers. The whole man goes out in the message. That is why a preached sermon is so much more powerful than a read one. There are a thousand subtle influences in the tones of the voice, and these influences rise from the state of the heart. If you have a mind full of doubts, your trumpet will give an uncertain sound. I know many will say, hearing this, ' Why, these Methodist preachers are slaves. They are chained, they go in fetters, they are held, as the lawyers lued to say, ' in mortua manu,' in the grasp of a dead hand. Their intellect is cabined, cribbed, and confined : they must not stir, they must not look over the bound ary,' and a score of things besides. Let them talk. You are not children ; you have arrived at a mature age ; you have examined these matters, and deliberately believe that the Wesleyan theology is the correct one, and are willing to preach it till death. You have had for four years and more, an opportunity of testing it, and of having your doubts satisfied. I£ you have any doubts you oustht to have said so before your ordination. But now having, 'with a glad heart and free,' taken this Methodist doctrine ' for better, for worse,' as you will take a wife by-and-by, keep your intellects from wandering in this matter, as you will keep your hearts and eyes from wandering in the other matter. When the knot is tied, will it be wise to allow your heart to doubt whether you have got the best wife in the world, or to allow your eyes to wander over other charms and say, ' She would have been better than this ? ' As a faithful husband you will nip such thoughts in the bud ; and as a faithful minister I adjure you to nip all such doubts in the bud. The next thing in the intellectual prepara tion is your style. By that I don't simply mean tv T®.^e composition, but the style of thinking — your sermon's construction. Now this style belongs to the man ; it is part and Parcel of him, and I need not urge upon you what you have heard a score of times before, see that you preach your natural style. But ?l^tas a man nan be improved, so your natural ^yle can be improved. I remember a lad who ame to Newington 30 years ago. He was a ost unmitigated clodhopper, as it is called, l;v elePharitine tread, and a lurch in his gait « f ® m.an-o'-war in a gale. Well we took that n«m an^ en^ a year or so, his rekitions hardly knew him, he looked such ! a gentlemen, Well, you can alter your style without making it unnatural. You must. If you find that it is heavy nnd depressing, you must set to work to make it lighter and more at tractive. It can be done. Look at some of our brightest novelists. Their style at first was atrocious, but by hard work, such work as I am afraid few Methodist preachers give to their sermons now-a- days, they altered theirstvle into the bright and cheery ; and if they can do it for applause and gain, surely we can to win souls. You have no business to have a heavy style. And oh, dont go writing your sermons out so neatlv, and put fine covers on them, and num ber them ; because if you do you will get to love them so that you will never give them up. When I was in England once, a friend of mine, the chapel steward, dropped into his seat beside me and sighed. ' What's the matter ? ' I said. '? Oh ; 1 have just seen the minister put his notes into the Bible, and they are yellow with age.' And we had a dry bones of a .sermon that night. Now a Methodist preacher has a chance of being the best preacher in the world, because, moving from place to place, he has the opportunity of recasting his sermons ; but, as I said before, if he has the manuscript all nicely done up, he will never have the heart to throw it on one side. Then among the preparations of the heart is the gathering in of material, Now, don't read too many books, and especially don't read many sermons. Such books as the Review of the Churches, and the Heview of Reviews may give you an acquaintance with the advancements the world is making. But your real reading should be heavier stuff than that. Some epoch-making book, one of the books that will last for ever. Read and re read until you assimilate. One book of this kind a year will be enough, or even less. And as this is a scientific age, get a smattering at least of science. But don't rush after every new book. Life is short, and of making many books there is no end. Wait and see if the book floats. Study Theology, of course, but study, also the human heart. The poets will help you there, especially the great four — Milton, Shakespeare, Browning and Tennyson. You will learn much, too, from the great novelists. I know no one who lays bare the workings of the human heart like George Eliot. But it is not so much a general know ledge of the human heart you want, but of the hearts of those you preach to. It is true our Master often helps us here, but in the main this preparation of the heart is man's. Culti vate a sympathy with your people, all classes, the rich and poor alike. Pastoral visitation will help you here. If you do it properly the people will lay bare their hearts to you, and you will see their needs. But the book that will teach you most about the human heart- is the Bible, That will enable you to preach so that those who hear you will say, ' H ere is a man who has told me all that ever I did.' Yes, the Bible first and last, and middle. I heard one minister say that he had not read the Bible through. That was a shame. If I were you I would go steadily through it from beginning to end, and then begin again. I re member seeing on the fly-leaf of the Bible of a good old Methodist preacher, ' Commenced the Bible the' 42nd time to-day.' The Bible only delivers its secrets to devotees. In photo graphing the heavens, many more stars appear than are seen by the human eye. Why ? Because the light from them is so faint that'in the short time the eye is directed towards them, the vibrations cannot make sufficient impression on the retina ; but when the sensitive photographic plate is directed towards them, and left for an hour or more, the sum of the vibrations causes a movement amongst the molecules of the plate, and an impression is made. And so. if you read slowly through and through the Bible, the successive impact of its words will bring truths to light that you never saw before. Single stars will come out. whole constellations in its firmament, until the Book becomes one blaze of Truth. Then in the preparations of the heart, there is the selection of the text. Now there are some who fix upon the subject first, and then sit down and look for a text to fit it. I do not reflect upon them, but I cannot do that my self. As I read through my Bible, passages will strike me. I come upon a verse, and I hear something responding from within, and I put that verse down. I am positively certain that there is a sermon in that verse to me. and it invariably becomes so, though it may be years before it opens out. My theory is this. You know that we are beginning to feel that minds move in a sort of ether ; just like the stars and planets do ; and we are beginning to realise that two minds that are kindred as we say, act unconsciously upon one another through this intervening medium, whatever it is Now, I look upon the Bible as a living thing. It is not only the Bread of Life, it is the Living Bread ; and being human, as I am human, there are points in it that correspond with the vibrations in my nature ; and when I come upon any of these points in my reading, ' deep answers unto deep.' and by a sort of j brain-wave something in me is moved by the something in that. There may be nothing in the theory, but, at any rate, that i3 my prac tice. Having got your text, let the sermon arise out of it. ' The seed is the Word,' therefore the Word is a seed. Let it have ' its own body.' Don't go to the Homilist for a skeleton. If you have got your style, sermonis ing will be sure— not perhaps easy, but sure. The sermon will come ? with hard work. Oh 1 you must put labour into it. The word in in the original for ' preparations ' is very expressive. It is used again and again for setting the battle in array. You draw up your materials so to speak in line, marshalling them like regiments of soldiers. You examine them and arrange them in accordance with their relative fitness. This to lead the van, this to form the main body, this to attack en the flank. Give your self time for all this, and bu cheered by the thought that it is in you to make a sermon. The Bible says so. ' The preparations' of the heart belong to man.' Well now, having done all this, para doxical as it may seem to say it, all goes for nothing without the mysterious co-operation of God spoken of in the text as ' the answer of the tongue.' I do not think as some do that this refers to the -words in which the sermon is couched. I think that is part of the preparations of the heart which belong to man. It means rather the subtle influences which accompany the delivery, and drive the message home to the sinner's heart. These are not yours, but God's. Of course there are some who will not believe this. They will say that the sermon is a human production, manufactured to corres pond to the constitution of the human heart, just as a key is constructed to fit the wards of a lock ; and that the whole is a purely human operation. Let them say so. We know better. As is said in more than one place in the Bible, the condition of the human race is, ' Eyes have they, but they see not ; and ears, but they hear not ; and hearts, but they understand not '; and every Methodist preacher here knows perfectly well that the most eloquent sermon in the world will never save souls without the power of the Spirit opening the eyes to see, and unstopping the ears to hear. It is very humbling, my breth ren. very humbling to our pride of intel lect, but it is so. We all stand on the same level there : the answer of the tongue is God's. Happy you who have realised it. and after doing your utmost, throw yourselves on the promises of God, and plead that He will accompany the word with signs following. And it has its comforting side too. If you are manufactured as I am, you will know what it is to feel, when your sermons are complete, positive disgust at their weakness and ineffi ciency. ' How can this save anyone ?' yon say. Thanks be to God for this last part : the firing off, the launching home of the shaft is not ours but God's. And if I have done my part, will not God do His 1 Go forth in this thy might : thou hast done thy best — the rest is God's. And we are beginning to understand now something about this ' answer of the tongue.' The mysteries of the human voice are being revealed. I saw the other day that an ex amination of a phonogram showed that the impressions made by the pronunciation of a word of only two syllables were some fifteen thousand. And this was the mean number. If pronounced with the warmth of passion it would be higher, if with the chill of pride lower. Now here we see a wide field for the operations of God. How by the breathing of the Holy Ghost helping us, spiritual tones can be communicated to our message, that will affect the spiritual ears of the audience. In Tonga we had a lamp of peculiar construction, and whenever we struck a certain note on the piano, the flame of the lamp would spring up and shatter the glass. There, was some relation between the vibrations of that note and the vibrations of that flame. Well, all science tends to show that each soul — the material part, at an v rate— has its number of vibrations. I don't know it, but God does ; and see how He can raise or lower the vibrations of ray message, until it corresponds with that of some sinner's heart. Then his soul will burst up, and shatter whatever crust of iron or adamant Satan and the world may have put round it. Oh, I rejoice in this part of the text. If the answer of the tongue is. God's it is ours too in another sense, for God has 'conditioned Himself by His promises. ' God's hands or bound or open are When Moses or Elijah prays.' We can lay hold of the power of God. There was a man named Cross who in the early days ot electricity, grasped the idea that the air was full of the electric fluid, and that it could be laid hold of. So hs had insulated wires running up the highest trees in his park, and leading into his laborat jry. And to those who visited him it was something awful to see the evi dences of the tremendous power gathered there. Enormous sparks leaping forth several feet in length,' and terrible detonations as the electricity sprang from knob to knob. So may you, my brethren, become reservoirs of Divine power If only your faculties be insulated bv holiness, and if all those projections of the soul that I spoke of are ever stretching out into the spiritual world, the power will come ; and when you get up to speak spiritual lightnings wi 1 flash out of you that will break the rocky heart in pieces. Yes, this is what we want, more taking hold of God. Let us reach after it. Let us besiege His throne with all the powers of prayer. Let us ask, and seek, and knock, until He opens the windows of Heaven again, and rushing through the azure there ' shall decend upon each one of us that which will fit us more than anything else for our ministry — a ' Tongue of Fire 1 ' The enterprising firm of William Brace and Co., of 197 Pitt-street, Sydney, has published a new anthem for tour voices, entitled, ' Suffer the Little Children,' by Mr. Alfred L. Field. Mr. Field shows more than ordinary gifts as a composer, and if we mistake not hiB latest production will win a favoured plaoe amongst our church and sohool choirs. 