OPERA I— A PENNY PLAIN AS'D TWOPENCE COLORED. ? * ? ( By the Ghost.) David Garrick, I have read (I hadn't in those days began my shady career), acted Macbeth, on the stage of Old Drury, in the uniform era captain of the Life Guards. I may b j, perhaps, permitted to remark that that was a slight anachronism by seven centuries or so. We are supposed to have advanced in the staging of plays since the days when the great little Davey and tho charming Mistress Peg Woflington played before the public, an 1 quarrelled, over tea .and other trifles, in private. We are very particular nowadays. My friend Irving (a minor actor at a miserable theatre in the mighty metropolis of Eng land) sent to Denmark, prior to the produc tion of ' Hamlet ' (a tragedy by a rather promisingpoet-fello w named Shakespeare), in order to find out what flowers grow in the hind of Ophelia in winter time ; — for my friend Henry (he makes mo walk well) likes to be accurate. When this same friend was about to present to a palpitating public an historical drama dealing with a doubt fully distinguished person sometimes styled the* 'British Bluebeard' but more fre quently 'Henry theEighth,'he sent to Rome in order to obtain the exact shade of crim son for the costume of a cardinal,— for don't you know, accuracy of detail is deci sively demanded nowadays. A few days ago T was matitudinally wandering in the meadows of cloudland. I was engaged in sweet meditation, when a blare of brazen trumpets assailed my ears. I wondered what the cause of this thusness might be, and I looked down from my airy quarters and perceived that the din arosa from a fair city named Perth. I descended and mingled in the crowd of mortals who were mightily dis cussing what they styled ' the approaching opera season.' I grew interested and listened. I gathered that an opera troupe, consisting of stars which had radiantly shone on Bustboomville, in the days of its might and majesty, was abeut to visit P«rth and perform, for the benefit of the enraptured inhabitants of that benighted city, a series of English operas on a scale of unprecedented magnificence, -and with accessories complete and accurate. I anxiously awaited the arrival of this as tonishing assortment of artistic afflatus. It arrived! I hee.itated to attend the performances, for I feared that the pro perties, scenery, costumes, &c.;, of great theatres would be entirely oversha dowed by the surpassing excellence of the accessories of the stupendous combination which had now deigned to cast its smiles upom the sand of sunny Swanland. I mustered up courage, at last! The bills announced 'Maritana'— good old 'Maritana! 'I went! I saw! I wept! I sobbed ! 1 he shock was too much for my already shattered nerves ! Don Jobs was charmingly attired in 16th century hose, trunks, aud doublet, while bis pedal extremities were encased in boots of exactly a hundred years later. Had Don Jose's waist been encompassed with a broad buckled belt, he would have been an accurate reproduction of the brigands and villains of a bygone day, who used to curdle the belud of the audiences at the dear old ' Surrey Theayter,' or the still more charm ing ' Vic,' when they (the brigands), declared the necessity of their dissembling, or when they (the brigands still) remarked confidentially, that it didn't matter-r-r, as a day would come! I never exactly under stood when the aforesaid day was to arrive, or what was* to be done when it did dawn ; but that wasn't of much moment, and be sides, all this has- nothing to do with ' Maritana.' At the opera, I felt positively hungry when I heard a charming damsel, with Buschy hair, who impersonated Laza rillo (and a very nice Lazarillo, indeed ! ) refer to a sumptuous banquet. My heart (and digestive organs) leaped for joy ! I raised my eyes and saw— a table covered with a red cloth and lavishly furnished, re gardless of expense, in a manner likely to most materially injure the managerial pocket, with— two empty wine bottles, some tin tumblers, and a candle-stick support ing a composite — one of the six for ninepence sort. 1 he King of Spain was never attired as he was on this, the only occasion I was privileged to gaze on the sacred features of His Most Catholic Majesty. The mighty Monarch was crown ed with a bag wig of the latter part of the 18th century, while the reBt of his attire was of a period fully a hundred and fifty years earlier. The soldiers were attired in costumes similar to those worn by Spanish infantry of this 19th century. And here let me remark that I will stake my ghostly existence that I saw these same dresses, minuB the caps, in a production of 'Carmen,' at the Mel bourne Princess' Theatre, about two years ago ! The scenery too, at this Perth pro duction, peculiarly beautiful as it was, was also strangely migratory. A square in Madrid, was of remarkably Spanish archi tecture, and bore an extraordinary reseni blanoe to ' A.Street in PariB/' and a. ditto 'in Nureiaberg,' and the 'Chateau and Grounds of the Count Arnheim, on tho Danube, near Presburg,' in which tho square aforesaid in these cas- s, became respectively, French, German and Hungarian — an architectural feat never before equalled. The interior of houses in Germany, Franco, Italy, Spain, and Hungary were also strangely alike, mid I could almost swear that the prison in which Don Cicsar de Bazan (they changed his title to Don Seize er due Banannd) was immured, was the same oue in which tho too confiding Marguerito breathed her last. I know all this because the dtcssing and scenery in ''Maritana' s© fascinated my ghostly eye that I went and wept over (he mounting of all the other operas. I may say that I no longer desire, as I used to, to see the London Lyceum scenery. I have seen the scenery and costumes of W. H. Manning's Opera Company, and am content to be annihilated — even anxious ! 