NEW SHOPS IN PIMNCE-STHEET.-An at- tractive two-storied building has been erected the central section of tho city, adjacent to the A.M.P. Society's buildings, to the order of Mr. H. Gill. On the ground floor are two shops on the street front, one of which will be occupied by Mr. O. Y. Mackie as a baker, and for conducting this business the neces- sary appliances have been furnished.' The other shop has been taken by Messrs. H. Jordan and Co., while tho offices upstairs have been loused by Mr. A. E. Tredwell. The whole of these aro now open, and ap- parently no difficulty was found in- Anding tenants for the new premises, which are a great improvement on tbo unsightly build- ings that' once occupied the site. A com- modious .balcony is a great convenience','and there are "a 'sufficient number of rooms pro- vided: for the accommodation : of a. family.' Mr. R. Crews, contractor, erected the build- ings on plans prepared by Mr. G. Finlay,1 junr. Mr. "J. Trent had a sub- contract for painting; and Mr. Rowsell for the wood- work. The building is of brick, roofed with iron.. . A. REMARKABLE CAREER,-Tawhioo,, the Moori king who died at Auckland from influenza, aged GO, succeeded his father, the first .king, in 1800. Three years later the struggle botween the Kingites and the Government commenced, known as the Waikato war, in which 10,000 troops were engaged. The natives, who were driven out of the Waikato, occupied a position of sullen isolation for 20 years, but latterly the rela- tions were of e. friendly character, and their country was freely open to European inter- course. Tawhiao accepted a pension from the Government some two years ago ; but his followers disapproving, he surrendered it, and returned the money, thus maintaining his independence to tho last. Only a small body of natives had latterly acknowledged the authority of the king, and it is not thought' likely that any successor will he appointed. The new process for thawing frozen meat, patcntedjby Nelson Brothers, recently exhibi- ted at the Smithfield Market, costs ¡fd per lb. Experts ot Smithfield state that they expect it will increase tho value of thc meat by from ld to lid per lb. The process is a mechanical one, thawing in a warm dry atmosphere mutton in two days and beef in five days. : The man who is scared at ghosts is afraid bf nothing. . Nothing sncceeds like distress,' remarked the beggar as he counted his coin at the end of the day. : 