Saturday, September 8, 1894 THE air is heavy-laden with election ex citement, and the Barwon electorate is fairly in it. 'Tis well 'tis so. In a constituency of nearly 20t)0 voters, oc cupying a country area representing varied interests, it is an absurd suppos ition to imagine that the 2000 men are of one way of thinking in politics, and that, consequently, there is no need for a contest.:: The essence of Parliamentary government is that there must be two pirtics.in the:House, so that one will keep a strong check upon the other. Herein lies the safety of our democratic institutions. The minority may not have their views fully represented in the House, but it is always satisfactory to know that they had a say in the election, and the representative of the majority is sure to pay some attention to the wishes of the other side, if only in the hope of gaining friends. The idea has gone abroad that the Barwon politically is a very flat constituency, and that no can didate unless he be born of an onion will have even a ghost of a show against the gentleman who has represented this part of the country for nearly a quarter of a century.., There may be different opin ions about it, but we hold to the idea that such a belief tends to weaken the ihfluence; et our represeihtative in the: House. The Barwon is not politically dead, it only sleepeth. It is certain that the " defunct" impression is more than unsatisfactory to a large number in the extensive electorate. The campaign of 1894 will assure the country that the Barwon is nlot only a live constituency, but that it is also alive and kicking. To allow the. present momentous period in the political history of Victoria to pass by without an election would show th at we are altogether indifferent to the trend of public affairs, in fact, that we take no interest in them whatever. It is not our intention to pass in review the act ions of the late representative, either for or against, but it is advisable-aye, a necessity-that he should con test an election, so that by the crucial test of the polling booth, he can have the satis faction of knowing whether his political opinions and actions meet with the ap proval of the majority of the electors. Let us refer for a moment to those who have failed to take oat their electors rights, and who will pose as dead heads at the forthcoming election. On the rol forthe Barwon there are 1793 ratepayers1 and those who possess electors' rights only number 156. Now, at the lowest computation, there must he 3 to 1 in the electorate who are entitled to take out electors' rights compared with those who possess the privilege through being ratepayers. Multiply 1793 by 3 and this makes a total of 5379 who should possess electors' rights, but as only" 156 took the trouble to pay sixpence in order 'to gain possession of them 5223 persons in the :,'.Iwoni who should JSave a. voie-iný t i R.,Gnvarimentioi thc country, now through their own culpable neglect, must remain silent. This is not only pitiful ; it is disgrace ful. A man who does not take an in terestin the land in which he lives to the extent of spending sixpence to secure the privilege of his manhood suffrage should leave Victoria and go to the land of the blessed Chows. There is nothing to ex tenuate such neglect. We look around and see men of position and education who are now voteless, and language fails in supplying designations for them. Dr. L. L. Smith, some years ago, in the House, recommended that a surgical operation should' be resorted to on a cer tain class of criminals, an-d, like the learn ed medico, we recommilend that a similar operation should be performed on those who stultify their status as men by neglecting to apply for their electors' rights. Mr MIeudell- stated that the Insane Asylums take £114,000 a year to de fray the maintenance of 4000 lminatics and that Victoria possessed more luna tics than any other country, except Ire land and Scotland. The speaker's pater is a Scot,- and he threatened to cut the son off with the proverbial shilling for giving utterance to such a truth.l SI called at the Agent General's office in London, and said that I wanted to l,ok at a map of Victoria. They had not got one. "Well, have you a map of Melbourne," "No, but we will cable foirone, and you can come and see it six weeks hence." I replied that I could not wait. The office is four 'miles distant from the centre of business in London. The Agent was out when I called, and lie nearly always is out; it is a pity lie don't remain out. And this office costs Victoria £4,000. a year, ad ded Mr Meudell. "It costs the colony £3,500 a year to -ed- th:e lioia.aa;l ..s in the Zoo, while-men and wonmen are nearly' starv ing," said the same speaker. Itis a wise child who knows its own father. In Stanley's "Darkest Africa" le mentions that a child was born to one of the native women in his contingent. To her fellow countrymen the child ap peared to be a phenomenon. It was a white one, and the poor innocents had to be prevented from killing it. In his speech Mr Meudell stated that 317 aborigines were supported by the State at a cost of £6;00J per annum. He added "And they are nearly all half castes! Surely, the Maintenance Act has been avoided. We congratulate the community on the good order hitherto maintained at the election meetings. Both Mr Crouch and Mr Meudell were well received, and their addressess were listened to with marked attention. We refer to Mr Meudell personally elsewhere, and Mr Crouch, (of the firm of Strongnan a nd Crouch, solicitors, . Melbourne) intro duces himself in his address which we publish elsewhere. He' is a young man, ambitious of entering the political arena. An Australian native, he is a credit to his native soil, and it is proved that he is not deficient in courage when lie con tests a seat against a gentleman who has represented the Barwonahnost un interruptedly for nearly a quarter of a century. Against this influence, Mlr Crouch is pushing his way. He is a staunch teetotaller, not only as an ad herent but also as an advocate of blue ribbon principles, and on this ticket the candidate is travelling. He reports satisfactorily of his reception in those parts of the district which he has already visited. His political views are pub lished this morning. It shouldl be the ambition of every native to do the State some service and our glorious democrat ic system of representation ho61ds out a hope to every State school-pupil that he may yet live to carry the portfolio of a Premier, with honor to himself and credit to his country. 