CUBBEHT TOPICS. Tub hopsless and half-hearted struggle of the compositors against tho proposed " re trenchment" is in doleful harmony with tho adversities of other tradesmen. Work is scarce, profits are down to vanishing point, workmon aro clamoring for employment, and, therefore, the masters hold a secure position. They oan got plenty of men for less than thoir proposed minimum, bo the contest can havo but one ending. The compositoru will have the poor con- solution of knowing that they are in liko case with other tradesmen, clerks and professional men, Tho union rates in moBt callings are a thing of tho pnst, and tlio chanco of any return to better times Beoms to bo sadly remote. Tho country has declared for froe-trado cheapness, so cheap wages may bo expected to continue. It is truo that we have not yet got a full measure of froe-trade. Thcro are some protective duties in force; but as they are doomed to early repeal they don't count for muob. No level-headed manufacturer will add to his plant in dopendonco upon a ditty whioh may be taken off bofote Christmas. And as soon as these duties aro swept away free-trade will exert ita benoficont cheapening influenco 10 tho full, and wages will come to a frac tion of what they now aro. In voting for froe- trado workmen in tho city and suburban constituencies havo strengthened tho masters against thein, and have cut away thoir lust chanco of successful resist ance to proposed reductions of wages. The youth who s&wod; away the brauch he sat upon, and then wondered why he fall down, is the antctypo of the men who voted for free. trade cheapness, and then wondered to find that thoir own labor lost its accustomed value. The ghost crop this, year promises to ba unusually abundant. - Mediums are many, neonces frequent, and materialised forms aro as plentiful as candidates were in July, Under the inspiring influence of Mrs. Bksant's visit, psychics and mani festations — the latter obvionsly not quite "sot''— have wandered around many city nnd suburban parlors, and aro reported to have performed many more or loss frivolous feats. That is" the most re- grottnble thing in connection with these materialised beings. They don't seem to run to common sense at all. > Their spirit messages are inane and their answers usually absurd if relevant, and in either case commonplace to a degree. If they would spell out something for the enlightenment of mankind, or oven show some traco of genius and learning, we should bo moro edified, but as matters stand now tho marble man from Cow Flat is as useful in an educational sense as any of these recent resurrections are. It is a curious thing, too, that these spirits always appear clothed. with the bed sheets of commerce, just as the churchyard ghosts which our ancestors usod to believe in were accustomed to do. It might per haps be somewhat improper for a ma terialised spirit to appear in his materialised " pnlt," but if he would condescend so to ap pear in his Godiva-like. beauty wo should bo moro prepared to accept him a3 a genuine ghost, for it seems unroasonablo that there should be bed-sheets in the -spirit world. We are pained to hoar, too, that somo of the spirits aro developing an earthly liking for chocolates, whioh they devour eagerly. What becomes of tho chocolates, and whether an excess of them would lead to ' indigestion in a ghost,- we do not care to inquire. But this new development leads to horrible possibilities. We fancy We hear . something like this in the future Half tho whisky gone. In course it is ; ' Gcordio ' was round last night." The waste and misery of the shearers strike is a lamentable addition to the country's misfortune, and is all . the moro to be re gretted because it ought to have beon avoided and ought now to be stopped. Is should be easy for reasonable men to sottle tho only question whioh now re- mains in issue, and the point is one- fof ingenuity rather than argument to decide. Whether aheep aro "wet" or " dry " is a matter of fact, aud should be capable of being exactly ascertained. At prosent there ie no test applied, and opinions on the point in each particular case are apt to bo influenced by the wisne'sand interests of the parties. Undor the 1894„agreemcnl the owner or his representative is the aolo judge of the " wet" or "dry" question, and the grievance of cohrso is that if tho owner wants to force on tho work of shearing tho men may be obliged to shear " wot "—to their own discomfort and to the injury of their -hands and arms, or else risk the penalties of the Masters and Servants Act. The' history of this new clause iu the '94, agreement is somewhat-- peculiar. Ia former years the matter was not provided for in the agreement, and tho owner and shoarorB used together toJ decide whether tho sheep - were dry. or hot. Than, in- '93, at n . station on Livorpool' Plains, a dispute arose. The manager said certain sheep were, dry, tho shoarors said they were wet and refused to shear. Tho manager tiioroupon dismissed the men, and thoy all brought actions for wrougful dismissal. Tho jndge on the trial decided upon the evidence that the' sheep wero wet, and that tho men were right in refusing, to shear, and gave verdicts for all the plaintiffs. The result was that tho now clause was inserted, aud tho manager made the solo arbiter in the matter. .This settle ment, however, is obviously unsatisfactory to the men, and is a clumsy arrangement at best. Of conrBe it is not possible to get an indopendent arbitrator in theso disputes, but it should certainly bo possible to get , spine simple, clear and indisputable test of wetnose in a fleece. Wo have tests for ascertaining tho Rmount of moisture in most substances, and it should not bo difficult to sottle this oalamitous' pastoral' war by. inventing or contriving a method of dis covery when a fleece is too wet to be shorn. 