LOOKING BACKWARD AND FORWARD. THIE prorogation of Parliament, which will take place on Monday, maybe regarded as the condition of coma which precedes dissolution. No one is sorry that the Assembly is about to give up the ghost, for its record is not at all a cheerful one. When the sum total of its exploits is 'reckoned up, there can be no doubt that a vast amount of offort and expense has been devoted to the accomplishment of very little. It may be said that we ought at all times to be thankful for small mercies, but the disproportion of mneans to ends in the present As sembly has been so great that dis satisfaction instead of thankfulness is the inevitable product. The youth of tho Assembly was a bright and rosy one. It was generally understood that the considerable number of new members who believed in the new political gospel of " more leisure, treasure, and pleasure " for themselves would also be successful in confer ring these benefits on those they represented. There, doubtless, has been more leisure in the land within the last three years than existed during any similar period for a long time previous thereto. But it cannot be denied that the acquisition of treasure has been considerably less, and pleasure has also, in the experi ence of hundreds of thousands, diminished in a corresponding degree. The proposed policy of "squeeze" has also proved singularly void of effect; and for the simple reason that such a process must be ineffec tive when there is nothing in the sponge to be extracted. It has also been found that the political maxim of " support for con cessions" has not secured for itself such an honoured place as it was ex pected to fill. It was by no means a new idea, as it has been in use in the practice of politics from time im memorial; and has frequently attained a development which perilously ap proached bribery and corruption. The supposed new ideas which were so prevalent at the opening of the now-dying Parliament, were not nearly so practical as the "plat form" constructed by JACK CADE in England hundreds of years ago; and they have proved similarly ephemeral. If the standard of "measures, not men," be applied to the work of the expiring Parliament, then it is sadly to be confessed that a change of men would be likely to produce better re sults generally. Parliament commenced its work with a Freetrade Ministry in power and has ended with a Protectionist administration installed in the place of authority. The Ministry, however, while it endeavours to have as much public work done in this country as possible, instead of sending it to be done abroad, seems in no hurry to make further additions to the tariff. It is a matter for doubt, on the other hand, whether some professed Free traders in the Assembly would be particularly joyous if the Government should propose to make some alterations in the tariff in the di rection of freedom of trade. The sub ject of Federation appears to be becoming a steadying influence in all fiscal and financial matters, not only in New South Wales, but in all the other colonies. It is evidently felt that the time is coming when it will be impos sible for our mental vision to be limited by.the artificial horizon of the colony in which we live, and when it will be necessary to find a broader and more generous outlook. From present appearances, however, it is not likely that a coalition of political influences will be likely to result at-an early date. The rivalry of persons is even more keen than that of parties, as is demonstrated by the large num ber of intending candidates of similar politics who are to be' found wooing the suffrages of the single-member constituencies. Throughout the com munity generally there is being ex hibited a keen desire for political power, and ambition appears for the moment the ruling passion in -the land. What will be the result of the next election even the most experienced politician cannot predict. The Elec toral Act was regarded by the Labour party as worthy of all the trouble and pains bestowed on it. From present appearances its results will be simply to place matters in a very topsy-turvy condition, and probably lead to the representation in the legislature of the minority, and not of the majority. It may be at once admitted that few of those who were engaged in licking the bill into shape imagined that such a result would be the consequence of their midnight exertions in the halls of the legislature. The approaching end of the present Assembly has concentrated public attention on the condition of the Par liamentary Labour party. These legislative Jews now have no dealings with the outside Samaritans. But in a few days hence there will be no Parliamentary parties, for the simple reason that there will be no members of the Legislative Assembly. Like modern SAcsos their Parliamentary hair will be cut by the shears of dissolution and they will be even as other men. Some of the present Labour members will not be wanted for more legislative work. The attitude of those desirous to take their places is a curious com mentary on the solidarity about which there has been so much talk recently in Labour circles. That feeling of brotherhood to which some people lay an exclusive claim is not very visible in the cut-throat tactics which are being resorted to in so many con stituencies where the Labour interest predominates. The main argument of intending candidates is that those who have had an innings should retire from the field. Those who are in say that for the due representation of Labour in the legislature men who have ob tained and to'some extent purchased their experience are better than green hands. And so the quarrel must be fought to the bitter end. The struggle for existence must go on. But that does not necessarily mean the survival of the fittest. Yet it is very much to be desired that the best and most capable men in the community should represent the people. There are various large questions of State to be dealt with, and which affect not only New South Wales and Australia, but the great empire of which this country is a part. The march of events is a quick one, and the strain of responsi bility on those who hold the chief positions in the State is every day he coming greater. It is therefore well for the people to consider carefully the claims of those who are now soliciting their votes and interests, so that when the deciding day comes the people will be represented by those of their number who are thoroughly capable of dealing with public affairs, and de termined to deal honestly and justly with every class of the community. 