il PARLIAMENTARY GHOST. (By W. H. Dnvgnish, in Phil May'a Winter Annual.) feh H 33 R E seemed ' ; ? ' ^M no doubt on I/TOT MoFaddonroally _rfr wns doad, An jr\\\ evening papor y*^ *** first mado tho 8i\d ovont known to Iho world by au nounoing tho unexpected docoaso of tho wull-known wcmibur- for Swillborough, No ono attached much imjiorfcanco to. tho authority of tho halfpenny journal, beoausoa ln.rjfoiHH'0*«uigooi usnowswaa was habitually evolved out of tho innor consciousness of it-s talonh-d sub-oditor. Tint in thia caflo, by mistake, tho Ifnon ing TwinUer floomiul to bo quite nco.nrato, for tho morning papers fol iowod .suit, and sonw of thorn ovon Snblishod a brief biography of the ecoosoil In tho House of Commons tho- ovont caused moro discussion than in tho 'country at largo, for Mr McFaddon waa ono of thoso gontlomon who havo a largo circle of fvionda, and a still larger cirelo of nequaintaiiiiofl ; and thus hia dopnrtnro from tho aeones in which ho had beon so familiar produced a greater void than, would havo been caused by tho los.s of many moro eminent men. For nn eminent' man MoFaddon cor tainly wna not, though a pleasant, jolly looking follow enough, with hia white hair and red convivial countenance, In particular, tho London letters of tho chief provincial ppera were full of anecdotea about him—some ^compli montavy, aomo pwlmpa tho reve.rfie, but all tending to' show1 him in tho light of a good-natured, ohoorfnl humorist. One chatty acribo explained, with much internal chuckling and many rogutoh innondos, how M.r. MeFaddon would send to newly-eloeted members bogus notes from the Speaker, inviting thorn to tftltti part in tho dobato. Of eourae, tho poor victims, when they rose in their places, trembling win anxwry, and with their hats full of MSS,, never caught tho Spoakor'fl eye, and com plained bitterly that they had boon slighted by that high official. Another paragraph described how Mr MeFadden had been accused by a political op ponent of being tho worms for liquor, aud had cheerfully replied :— 'That may bo. Very likely I am drunk to-night, but 1 ahull bo sober to-morrow. Your disease, on tho contrary, ia ineura-blo, for you are a fool to-night, and shall be a fool to-morrow.' It cannot bo said that tho witticisms jopbrtod woro either very refined or showed much intelligence, but they woro such as would bo appreciated oithor at a fanners' ordinary or at a mooting of commercial trnvollera. The London correspondents really did their -. beat for thoir detieaaod benefactor. Mr. McFaddon had been to thorn qnito a little gold mino, for it \nw hia practice to spend all tho day collecting hits of grturtip, which ho would dispense freely to nny ono who chose to talk with him as ho grew mellow towards thoovening. The result was that a moment1.') chat with him meant for tho eager journalists of tho inner lobby at loiust a throeand Blxponny, if not a flvo-ohilling, .para jrnph. It must bo admitted that this habitual tendency towards inebriety a:i the yverilng woro on was not much to the credit of a legislator 5 but Mr MeFadden declared that ho was tho victim of Circumstftnooa, having been forced into indulgence in strong liquors agaiuafchia will and his natural tnstea. In proof of thia assertion ho brought forward tho fact that ho had oneo voted for Sunday Closing. Ilia explanation of his weak tieso waa ftflimplo ono. He said that ho rtvpraionted n, constituency of hard drinkers, who took a groat interest in ♦ho proceedings of tho Hoiwo of Com mons, Ho waa thoroforo called out every five minutes by dome constituent or oUkM' who wanted either to pot a ticket for tho Stranger's Gallery, or to be taken over tho Houao, or to sit out on tho terrace. As McFaddon stood pvory Ytaitoi1 a drink, and alao drank with thorn to show good fellowship, ho had naturally to get through a con siderable number of brandies and sodas in tho course of the day. In fact, only long training and a hard head enabled him to last out his numerous and thiraty supporters. It must not bo supposed that Mr. MeFadden became intoxicated or misconducted himaelf owing to tho trials to which ho waa subjected. It in true that ho grow noisy after dinner, that ho told aome ,what pointless jokes, and laughed very loudly at them himself, that ho moved about with a free, rolling gait, and greeted every one with ell'usivo affec tion j but, still, ovon tho strictest policeman, if ho had mot him in tho streets of IkiiuIoi), would havo boon willing to s\Vwir that, though ho had bwn drinking, ho \vn« not; drunk. It appeared that his death had taken placo very unexpectedly at Boulogne, from failure of-tho heart's action j and there he wa« buried three days after wards in tho English cometery, his funeral being, as the daily papers stated, quite a private one, attended only by two or threo relations, Members of both aidea of tho House lamented his loss in the usual conventional terms. ' Poor old MeFmlden ! Who would have thought ho would havo gone so soon P Why, it is only three weeks ago tJhat I saw him with a constituent at the bar hero.' But in a week1:) time some now topic attracted thoir attention, and his name was heard no nioro in their midst j In a fortnight ho had Ixxm completely for gotten, except by his faithful constitu ents of Swillborough, who would no longer enjoy free drinks whenuver they happened to be in tho neighbourhood o'f Westminster. It so happened, however, that tho Speaker had not received official intelligence of tho Into member's death, and thoroforo he waa officially ignorant of news that waa tho common position of Uho whole world. Aa the result of this stato of things, tho leader of tho lato member's party had not yet applied for a now writ, and Swillborough was stall nominally repre sents by .tiunoa Gustavus MeFadden, ' manufacturer of bono manuro, and privately educated,' to quoto from his biography in a popular Guide to Parlia ment. Exactly a fortnight from tho day of McPaddeii-s dejith tho Hoiwo was engaged on a dreary Bill, which pio jiosed io provido deserving paupers with tobacco out of the rates, Tho author had introduced many safeguards to pruvont thia privilege Jmiup abuaod. Tims, tho tobacco way to bo smoked, and not chewed 5 it was for men, not women ; Ha quality was defined, and its qna.nt.ity limited. As a result no imuubov took tho slightest interest in tht^ discussion, with tho exception of half n, down tolvicco manufacturers, who went engaged in proving that 'they alono supplied the. article which was rcqnin'd, and that all other tobacco was either deleterious! or too oxponaivo. The diimer-bour bad arrived, and tho House wiui occupied by somn live mom* bora. There afrs tho unfortuimU* Minister in olmryo of tho Hill, who lay book yawning on tho 'IVojuwry Bench; thrvo mci/il,)ers of his party, who woro told oil' to applaud him nnd kt'op him inumtmnwjj.uftd^atiixaiy Scoty*, man, who waa convinced that tmlcas ovory clause was ainondod bouio griev ance would bo inflicted on hia nation j and a Parnollito, who had fallen asleep in a comfortable cornor, Tho Speaker sat jn hiB chair, with his hoad resting on Jiia cheat, ono log orosaod over tho other, and tho onda of hia wig hanging down ovor hia shouldora, dozing in a 'woll-assumod attiludo of vigilance, whilat tho .Scotchman quoted uniu tolliglbla toohnioalitios about Scotch Local Government, which only a Scotch man could undoratand, and in which ho ovon ?would tako but little intoroat. Aa tho orator prosod on, partly for tho purpoao of filling up time, partly to air hia own fads, a slight diaturbanco could bo hoard from tho innor lobby, and tho glaas doora of tho Houao swung sud denly opon. Tho Scotchman did not at first talto tho troublo to look round, but Ida remarks woro cut ahorfc by a sudden change which camo ovor tho Spoakor. That dignified offtcial, fi-om somo reason or othor, waa in a stato of groat agita tion i hia naturally palo faeo had turnod a livid white 5 he had half risen to hia foot, and was clutching tho arms of his chair in his oxcitomont. Tho Scotch man stared at tho Speaker, thinldng at first that ho had been taken suddenly ill, but ho flaw that tho well-known Speaker's eye was ilxed on somo obieot in tho distance. Expecting to bo eallod to order after tho usual form, he lookod round, and, as ho did so, tho flood of hia oratory wn.s dried up, Ho paused with opon mouth, and his MMS. notoa one by ono fluttered down on to tho floor, slipping from hia troubling hand. For there, standing in tho doorway, waa tho flguro of Mr, MoFaddon, Tliero could bo no mistake about it and no delusion, Tho broad red face, the white hair and board, tho Falatatlian flguro, and tho expression of half-tipsy gravity wero sufficient at onco to identify tho form aa that of the deceased member. Even tho very peculiarities of his clothing had been ro-producod - tho flguro was wearing tho well-known curly-brimmed hat very much on ono side j thowhito waistcoat, and tho largo check trousers. Not only that, but last and most comploto piece of evidence—' tho flguro had undoubtedly dined freely j a pleasant sort of smile played about its lips, nnd it; rolled aa it walked with a cortain unsteadi ness born of tho third bottlo of Porrior Jonet, With perfect ro spectfulness tho dead politician bowod to tho chair, and then taokocl up tho gangway to tako his placo in his woll leuown corner seat, threo rows behind tho front Opposition bench, Hia ad vance, however, was too much for tho nerves of tho other occupants of tho House. Tho Speaker, gathering his robes, scuttled hastily away through tho private outranco behind tho chair 1 tho clerks quicklyfollowed him, and ovon tho Surgeaut-at-Arins so far lost hia pro aonco of mind as to leave unprotected and exposed the Sacred Maco itsolf, Tho Press Gallery wn« empty, but tho Strangers' Gallory waa nearly full, and thoso in it wero left staring in surprise at tho sudden clearance of tho llouso withouti any notice or formal adjourn ment. F.ven tho ghost; itself soomod somewhat taken aback, for it Binilod vaguely, and shaking ono hand in tho air muttered indistinctly, ' Mosh in comnlmrnmblo, 1'shuro von. Mosh in comprehensible, 1'shuro you,' Moan time, tho news was spreading through tho Strangers' Gallery, for there hap pened to be a Swillborough man present who know James Gnstavus well by sight, They conversed with ono anothor in awestruck whispers, and then gradu ally slunk out, each showing a strong dislike to bo tho last to loavo. It might lio supposed that such an event would havo been chronicled in every paper in tho kingdom tho next day, Such, however, was not; tho eaao. Tho representatives of tho different news agencies and chief London panel's held a hurried consultation togetnor, and camo to tho conclusion that tho safest course would ho to ignore tho wholo alTair; and thoroforo tho only, reference to bo found to tho oxoitiug incident just recorded consisted of tho brief announcement that 'tho llouso adjourned unexpectedly at; 7.30.' In three or four days the oxcitomont reached fever height at St. Stophon's. Tho few members who woro fortunate enough to havo boon present wlion tho event occurred found thorn solves tho heroes of tho hour. Evoryono wanted to mako their ac quaintance, and to hear from thorn ovor and ovor again tho strange story. Tho Houao of Commons polioo lcopli ropoat ing it to their friends and acquaintances in tho outer lobby, and at last tho Psychical Research Society sent down an emissary to investigate tho matter scientifically. So strong a hold did tho story tako on tho legislative mind that a marked reluctance to remain in t-ho Houso during the dinner hour wna plainly shown. However popular JUmca Gostavus might havo boon in tho flesh, no ono wanted to soo him in tho spirit. Tho frightened legislators wero there fore re-assured, though and oomowhat annoyed at having been taken in, whim, a fow days after tho strange appoaranco, tho newspaper boys where shouting round Westminster, 'Serious charges against a late M.P.,' and tho following,' police cjkso report appeared 1— ' Jamea Gustavua McFaddon, lato M.P. for Swillborough, was brought! up before Mr Pawn, at How-street,, thia morning, charged with having em bezzled oCKl.MO hold in trust by him for Henry and James Speedwell. ' ' Mr Warsaw, Q.C, who appwmnl for tho Treasury, said tho lato Mr Speed well had been Mayor of Swillborough. Ou his death* ho mado Mr. MoFaddon trustee far hia two infant childron. Suspicion had been aroused by tho difllculty experienced in gotting tliQ' dividends paid, and thoir mother, Mrs, Speedwell, at last applied to the Court of Chancery and got nn order for accounts. As soon an thin order waa served upon him, Mr., MeFndden hur riedly left England fo» Boulogne, after producing what pur.po&od; to be a| list of tho investments in which tho trust funds woro held. 'Front . Boulogne thoro camo a roport, which wua re-produced in all the papers, to tho elTeut that lie had died suddenly, and nn elaborate account, of hia funeral followed. Meantime, inqnirioa made by Mrs. Spoochvoll'a solicitors showerl that .fllU.OOO worth of shares in tho Peninsula liailway had. been sold out. nnd could not, bo traced. Evidenco would bo produced allowing that Mr McFiuldon. had appropriated, tho proceeds and applied thorn to hia, own purposes. It would appear tlmt im mediately after hia supposed f uuo.ml.Mv, MeFadden rotmiuxl to London. In fact, thoro could bo but litilo doubt that ho had cauryod the report of hia death to bo spruad about; in order to avoid tho conseqnonoon of bin omlxwalo ment. So far, .tio ono hmlmjapoetod tho, fraud; but, unfortunately for tluv 8ue«oss of tho aoheme, it would tieo'.n that one night tho prisoner liouftno intoxicated, and whilo.in thhi comU'tion, according to his usual custom, went down to the Hou.se of Ootuiuoim, whero bin ajvpeanuKui created connMorablo astouiHlnneni und some ah'jm. Al though no itccounts luul jr.pp(«vred in tho(papi!m, jt-Jt this event, bwamo tho. topio of rtwnmon i-'onveraation, Uiinjr Kenerjilly attributed to supernatural agftnuy. But Mrs. Speo/.twoll's nolioitora thought it more adv.' -nbl-- to send a tyW-s-#*tftUvi-_ vwv w ii«uJiv«tttt U»t mako inquiries. Thoir agent waa unablo to traco any death aa having happened there on tho day mentioned, whilst no poraon of tho namo of McFaddon had boon buriod in tho English eomotory for many years past. Under thoso circumstances they com municated with Scot-laud Yard, with tho result that tho prisoner had boon arrostod tho night Woro at a small private hotel in tho Euston Road. ' 'Mr Warsaw produced in ovidonoo tho will of Mr. Suoodwoll, and alao eallod Mrs, Spoodwoll and Mr Hakom, of tho firm of Hakom and Stolco, who woro hor Bolioitora and also solicitors to tho trustees. ; Tho priBonor, who soomod to fool liiB position very koonly, waa committod for trial, tho magistrate refusing bail.' Svtoh waa tho startling howb con* tainbd in tho ovoning papora. At tho trial at tho Old Bailey, Mr. WaraaVa statomont was borno out in ovory par,-: tioular., Tho sham death, tho ro appoarftneo, and tho orabozzlomont woro all established on tho plainoat evidence. In tho result, tho unfortunate old man was found guilty, aud soutenced to ton years' ponal servitude It did not appoar that he had any apngial inten tion of defrauding hia dead frionda' children, btvfc with hia sodden brain he placidly muddled away all tho monoy whioh oamo into his handa, Tho only individual who expressed no surprise was tho little fat Parnellite, who had boon fast asloop during Mr. MoFaddon'a last appearance* in tho House of Commons. -(Ah, mo bhoy,' ho would 'remark confidentially, 'thoro's many a doad man walking about as livo as you or mo.' 