THE mystery of clement dunrave N - ,'BY„ JEA$ MIUDLEMA8, < Arthur of "1,0 III ta aT0nmn3." " Touch nnd Go,'', " Seilel by a Kiss," " By Fair llraiB,'' "WHAT DO TOU MEAN BY A 0H03T OK A BACKSLIDES ?" CHAPTER XI.— (Continued.) "The weather cock is veering," Jim Glendmniug thought, when Lisbeth, with- ont awaiting for any further assertions as to his having seen Sir Miles since his return, went silently to a cupboard in the kitohen and set some viands on the table. She did not invite the new-comer to penetrate into the sanctum she had prepared with so muoh care for the advent of Clement Dunraven, yet she did not oonsider that it would be expedient altogether to refuse Lim the hospitality of ber house. Jim Glendinning seated himself at the well -scrubbed table where lie had sat often aa a boy, and eyed the viands. Convict though he bad been, he wae an cpioure, and the aspect of the wellcooked supper pleased his dainty appetite. Could it be possible that in preparing it lAsbeth might nave had a notion that perhaps Clement Dunraven would not have dined r Anyway, die had little guessed who would share with her the food she had oooked with more than usual care. Jim Glendioning helped himself with no frngal hand. " Who finds the money, 'girl ?' he asked, with coarse assurance. "Food had not used to be so plenty at our cottage in the old days." Crimson to the very roots of ber hair, Lis- beth answered, "There is no money, father. What little I have is honestly earned. I have been working for Lady Maroia Fol- jambe; she came over from Brentwells yesterday and brought me a basket of pro visions.' 41 BiesB me, the oirl seems to be acquainted with all the county. You are a clever woman, Lisbeth ; you take after your old dad, as 1 said before." Iv.sbetb did not reply, beyond murmuring that she had muoh to be grateful for. She was wondering what effect this unexpected home-coming would have upon her future. Would she be able to keep the existence of little Lisa a seoret from Jim Glendinuing's prying eyes, and, great heavens, if he should find out that Clement Dunraven was her legitimate husband what dire catastrophe night not be brought about? Thus pondering, she was, nevertheless, by no means forgetful of her father's appetite, and rather regretted that she had no liquor w vuw mm, ae u xnigm nave loosened jus tongue and given her more information on several matters about which she would cladlv learn. Without the aid of liquor, however, she was to be told something which gave her a shock almost aa thrilling as when Jim Glen- dinning told ber he had seen a man in eveniug i urcss in the wood. It was when be had finished his ample repait and was putting down his knife and lork that he said, 11 You'll have to give me a jhakedown for to-night, Lisbeth, and I'll go back to the City road in the morning. ; You ro right, the Coleshill gossips and I shall not hit it off." V To the City road," she asked : 11 are you bring in the City road?" And the question seemed to cuiver on her When lips. , ' course. Surely you know my dead ®er» Mrs Ellis? No, I suppose you never JM- ou've beeo at Coleshill all your life, you've heard of her. Web, I arrived from abroad expecting to be reoeivod with some fuss, for Sally and I were always good mends, when I discovered she had been dead floly a short time, and, of course, I walked iu aaheir— there was no one to try and oust me. 3ney Baid there had been some female cousin, Unrein' or stayin' or something, but she was gone. I can't think who Bhe could be, wo am i got no cousins, have we, Lisboth?" \- riBP8 relation of her husbands," said' Lisbeth, snob ao Wort at composure that Bhe nearly fainted from the strain. " Right you are. girl, that's what she must rjj ' !?1/Bcfc» I think some of the old hags said o, Well, she took herself off, and if she comes again she'll find> the rightful possessor cigmnjj iij her stead." lather? U hTG 10 7 there, itiV H011.1' 866 88 I ©en do anything better, tot luok wasn't it? 'Taint overy feller 0 baok from a foreign prison as finds eat and a tidyieh income waiting for him r -afr,!al- If would bo a home for you, ' nl1 you wanted one." . ».not 'or thanks, father," she said iat the next breath she am ? .®xpcdient to explain. "I could hnnii 6 London. I should hate it; ottage'' am fi0 ,onA of tbia deftr oId OWP YOU are goiuor to live here I eoin i ! ' tbo d 11,811 di<f nI much «v guees- 0, he left nothlBD hnfr. tfiA hnnaa And wilderness ; still, I think 1 shall do. I am tw? «i' rooms up a bit and I am promised ahaM P6op!e to look after, and Derhaps I a I? a child or two to enliven the house." an ill i iB best marry, you ain't a 00 am f wenoh. Looking after first and wond childhood isn't a cheery way of living." 3 3 nail ' wi'lhave to for the present, and jrir«»frarMa®.6 ®boidd oome to me later I oan no e 8ald with a laugh whioh bv hea'u cTam® 'rom her heart, sore and WouMIfi? J Ike secret that she felt veranfi more to guard than she had Y>nnravIn?J' LwheQ Bhe promised Clement n eh6 vould be silent. knowBLif thftBe rioh eweUa Who depend C ? v,?'% Mi!ea fandef r »thing." doesn t soome here for She hated herself for the Ottpoaedty : U bnt mana«ed to aMwer "What, Delaue the millomure's heiress? He knows wliiohfide his bread is buttered. But don't you flout him girl, don't you flout him; heiresses are not always easy to win, and this one may have other adorers." Strange that during all their conversation, Tierce Vaughau's name had never once been mentioned, uod yot he was he keynote. Had it not beeu for bun, Jim G lend inning would eearcely have co:ne to Co'eehill, where, he wae fully aware, he would bo received with aver sion and out by most of the Inhabitants. An hour later the hardened old sinner was sleeping heavily in the room he had ocoupied as a boy, but without the reoollections of his childhood causing him any emotion. He dosed off ohuckling to himself over the mine he had it in his power to spring on Lis beth, for since Pierce Yaughan had told hiu- that he had seen Lisbeth enter the house in the City road, tbis astute old fox had no doubt but that she and the husband's cousiu were one and the same person, though what Lisbeth's motive was for merging her iden tity into that of an unknown Ellis he had not yet discovered, but he intended to make further inquiries on his return to the metro polis. The morning was dull and grey as in the early dawn he took leave of hie daughter ; beet not to let any of the neighbors see him if be could help it, he said, and truly relieved wae Lisbeth, when having given him a cup of hot ooffee, she eaw him depart. Would she have felt as thankful had Bhe known how thoroughly he disbelieved in the existence of Aunt Ellis's husband's cousin. CHAPTER XII.— A RASH Act. Why did not Pierce Vaughan propose to Elvira Delans and recoup himself by her ample fortune for the disappointment hie nude's will had occasioned him? Bad he done so, much that was troublesome and diffi oult would have been overcome. But it was not in Pierce Vaughan 'e nature to let byegonee be byegones ana seek philo sophically to make the beet of life. He must for ever be fretting and searching and intriffuing. Were it not for suoh aa be the world would roll on easier wheels, but then perchance misdeeds and cruel wrouge would frequently pass unpunished. He had a grudge against Clement Dun raven for robbing him, as he considered, of nie birthrignt. oncatiDg mm oui ot Aboyne Court, as he shrewdly euepeoted, by no fair means. He wae resolved to leave no stone unturned until he had in some way revenged himself on Sir Clement. All this was far nearer his heart than either Elvira Delanc or her gold. Besides, dainty little beauty though Elvira was, she scarcely of late uneurped the first place in his feelings, if a man so devoid of real affeotion as Pieroe Vaughan was oould be credited with feelings. Elvira herself thought that Lady Maroia Foljambe was her rival, but in this she was mistaken. Lady Marcia was merely a useful friend, a stepping- stone by whioh Pieroe hoped to cany out some of the schemes he had in view. The iudividual for whom he had elected to conceive a passion, probably because she avoided and flouted hioi— was Lisbeth Glen- dinning. No more complicating or disastrous at tachment oould, under the ciroumstanoes, possibly have arisen. When Pierce Vanghan came down to Brentwells to stay at Lady Marcia's, and pretend to the world that he w&a; the devoted cavalier of the gushing widow, it was because he knew that Lisbeth had returned to the Coleshill Cottage, and that he could occasionally walk over and, as he hoped, improve the occasion with her. It was only a few hours after Jim Glen- dinning's departure that he started across the 6elda to pay his first visit. How he would be received be did not know, and — new sensa tion to this blase oynic, he dreaded the recep tion he might meet with from Lisbeth, pre- saining it should be a cold one, until he felt as sby and uncomfortable as a boy of eighteen bound on a love affair for the first time. To reaoh the cottage from Brentwells it was necessary to go through Coleshill, and there he saw a good many of the idle in habitants standing about io groups, talking ; among them was the garrulqous old woman be bad previously met in the cottage garden. She reoognUed him at once and made a ourtsey, probably in anticipation of a tip. But Pierce Vaughan was one of those men who gave ' nothing for nothing and very little for a halfpenny.' He might perchance get a halfpenny worth out of this old hag, he thought, so be called her to come and speak to him, asking her what eveot of importanoe had occurred in wbich half at least of the Coleshfll population was so interested. 11 it's cither a ghost or a baokelider, your hnnnr. and no one oan iust make ut> their minds which it is." " What the deuce do you mean by a ghoBt or a backslider, old mother r" " Why, Jim Glecdinning, Lisbeth's father, as was convicted for a baa burglary and got twenty years. In the flosh or out of the flesh he has walked through the town this morn ing, and Bam Styles, be do say as he seen him yesternight." u Pooh — nonsense. Sam Styles must have beeu drinking, and he bad set you all off believing in the absurdities lie has seen in his cups. Jim GlcndinniDg has been dead tbis many a day. Old Josh told Sir Louis all about it years ago." 41 Mercy alivo, then it waur his ghost. I said as it waur. Lord, I feel my back is a openin' and shuttle. 1 see it myself." Pierce Vauphan laughed. 41 You have seen some etrangor who has a resemblance to Jim Gleudioning, or what you all imagine Jim would be like if he were alfve. And you get up as muoh sensation as if the world were coming to an end. I thought the Coleshill people had more sense. Upon my word, I am ashamed of you all." "Ah, you great gents haven't no belief,'' said the old wife with a sigh. It did not please her to be cheated out of her link with the supernatural. The only compensation for which would be the horror they would all feel at having suoh a vaga bond as Jim Glondinniug onoe more in their midst. " I believe in something," replied Pierce Vaughan, still laughing, but looking very cynical. " I believe that a bit of coin will lay most ghosts " He put his b md into his pooket, and at first inten led to give her half a sovereign ; the next instant he came to the conclusion that five shillings would be enough. So be banded her five shillings, and told her to refresh her self and her neighbors and lay the ghost, for no good would oome to Coleshill as long as such -like tales were bandied from mouth to mouth. 1 She made bim a deeper curtsey then before, and assured him his spirit would never walk ; be would rest peaoefully in his grave if only for that day's kindnesB. With five shillings Pierce Vaughan had bought the good report of the Coleshill gossips, and if he had not laid Jim Glendinning's ghost, he bad laid the talk his own oooasional visits to the cottage might have occasioned. On leaving the old woman after giving her this magnificent present, be said in a oasual tones 44 1 was going up to Aboyne Court, but I will go round by the cottage and see if Miss Glendinning has heard or been annoyed by any of this nonsense." Pierce Vaughan was never really happy unless he could pave the way for his next step forward. 41 So." he muttered to himself, as he strode on leaving the High street behind him," that blackguard hae found his way down here has he. I shall have to be careful, very careful, or be will spoil my game with Liabetb ; yet, he is a useful man, a very neeful man. Un scrupulous people who will do your work for a consideration and who can hold their tongues are not to be fallen in with every day, and this man can hold his tongue. I have discovered that by his reticence in personal affairs. Pity that Lisbeth has got suob a father, it will spoil her ohaoce of marrying. She is beautiful as Juno, a paragon of a woman, and there is no saying- were it not for him— but that I—. If she only had Miss Delano's money! You must not lose your bead, Pieroe, yoa must not lose your head. There are m&uy; considerations to be studied." And so murmuring to himself he sauntered in at the front door. He was just about to do so & fipnnnd time when T.iehnfh nnanail tf nnvam delightful expression coming into her hand some face when she saw who her visitor .was. Neither in London, nor at Coleshill was she to be free from this man's assiduities 1 She would have bidden him go about bis business and have slammed the door in his face, only expediency— the gaunt giant that sways so many of our actions— forbade it Lisbeth found herself forced to be civil and look pleasant. Three minnteB later Pierce Vaughan was even sitting in the chair Clement Dunraven bad occupied on the previous eveniug and was gazing round the pretty parlor with a very approving glance. He thought that this beautiful girl was even less "of the people" than he had im agined her, if she oould arrange her room with so muoh artistic taste. His eyes wandered from these surroundings to her face, and the ardent admiration they showed all too plainly oaused the hot blood of indignation to redden Lisbeth's cheeks, thus rendering her, although she was quite unaware of it, even more attractive than be fore, enhanced as her beauty was by the flashing of her dark eyes and the proud toBS ef her well-poised head. " Teaoh not thy lips such scorn, for they were made for kissing, lady — not for such contempt," said Pierce, quoting Shakspeare, though of this Lisbeth was ignorant, sinoe in book-lore she was wholly unversed. In fact, it would have been very difficult to have collected six books in Coleshill Cottage, for though Lisbeth had had a fair education and oould read easily and write grammati cally, she had always found too much work to do in her home to have time to eit and read. Notjhaving anyintimateacquaintance.then, with tne great bard's immortal plays, Pierce Vaughan's quotations 44 riled" her to mad ness. How dare be talk about kissing her lips, and iu a fury ehe forgot expediency and bade him begone if he had come there to insult her. Her anger, however, had quite a contrary effeot to what she intended, for it served only to make him ten times more appreciative of her charms. He gloried that he had aroused the lion in ber nature ; still, he was shrewd enough to know that if she were to be wen, she must be gently wooed. He did not. hon-ever. reeoffniie what a difficult task he had undertaken. Not that he would have shrunk from it on that ao- oount To find out what had passed between Lisbeth and his cousin, Clement Dunraven, was ever present in his mind, and that he would do so with less difficulty, on account of hia own newly-born infatuation for Lisbeth, he felt certaio. 44 Quiet down, soft dove, and do not let your burnished plumage be ruflied by a few quoted words. Come and tell me how you like being baok &t; Coleshill, and why you es caped out of London so quickly." Bo eayine he took her by the hand and tried to induce ber to take the seat beeide him. He little knew Lisbeth or he would have been aware that each word he uttered, each sign he made, was rendering him more and more distasteful to her. She hated Pieroe Vaughan with a deep and bitter hatred, commencing at her first acquaintance with him and intensified by the dread she felt of him when she beoame aware that he was Clement Dunraven's foe. If he were going to add insult to injury by making love to her, there was no saying to what lengths her fury, if not carefully guarded, might not lead her. The complications which bad surrounded Lisbeth of late were making her very desperate, and it is dangerous for a man to play with a desperate woman even though that man be as clever as Pierce Vaughan bolieved himself to be. She started back from his touch, tossing bis band from ber, as though a viper had stung her. 41 1 will not sit down," she said, 44 nor tell you aught of my affairs. You are a gentle man ; I am humbly- born, seeking to gain my livelihood by honest means. Compromising myself with a gentleman like you will not help ine." 44 1 don't know that," he said, 41 you are angry and do not see things clearly, or you would recognise that it is goon to have a friend, even though that friend is an objec tionable gentleman like myself." 44 1 don't want any gentleman : it is better to starve and be honest." 14 Yet I am not the only gentleman whose acquaintance you have made. Ah, Lisbeth, why should I Le treated with a tcorn you have not bestowed on " "On whom? What do you mean? You are taking strange liberties with my lowly position, but you had beet be careful, Mr Vaughan, I am not so unprotected as you think for." 44 Of course not. i torgot, yourxauier nas returned, and Whether it was with Sir Miles Berkeley or Sir Clement Dunravon that he was going to link ber, she did not stop to learu, for she in terrupted him with — "How do you kuow my father has re- ; turned?" 44 1 am not deaf. The whole of Coleshill is teeming with the news." She was white as ashes now, and held firmly to a chair for support. It was gall and wormwood to Lisbeth's proud nature to know that Jim Glendinning was her father, and that townsfolk should know he had re turned. "Well, you sec, you may want a friend. Remember, too, that I am in the law, and that my knowledge and services are always yours to command. Come, Lisboth, forgive if 1 have angered you. I am a aid bungler at winning- a lady'b favor, and if you do not like the honied speeches most women love, you Khali have no more of thorn.' She did not heed the latter part of his eent tenoe, but murmured : 44 What have I to do with the law ? Why should I want a lawyer to help me?" It seemed as if Pieroe Vaugban's offer was an evil omen, for if the law ever meddled with Lisbeth's affairs, that would probably be re vealed whioh it was the aim of her life to keep hidden. Nor could he have given Iier any reason why he offered law services, to he answered lightly : 44 We none of us know what we may want. I would merely impress ou you that you have a friend in case of need, and ask you to forget that my rash words have displeased you. Come, shake hands, will you not?" Somewhat reluctantly she responded to his invitation and gave him her Laud, teoling a very Judas the while; for to have known that he had gone away for over to a distant land, or that ho had ceased to exist would have made Lisbeth truly thankful. This man her friend— never— she regarded him as her bitterest foe. His interest was most to be dreaded in all the world, for was it not to his interest to unravel the dark secret ot her life, and use it for his advantage and her destruc tion. Having gained his point and forced her Into giving him ber hand, Pieroe Vaughan was loth to part with it. It was a shapelv hand, and he held it with pleasure. Lisbeth wore no rings ; since ehe dared not wear the ring with which Clement Dunraven had wedded her, ehe would have none, though in her drawer upstairs, locked away with other valuables, were two or three tbat would have made the eyes of every oon- noisEeur in gems glisten. 44 If I bring you a ring will you wear it in remembrauoe of the compact of friendship we have formed to-day?'' asked Pierce, half afraid, nevertheless, of theanBwerhis temerity might call forth. And in truth he had once more roused her ire. 41 Never !" she cried. 44 Rings are not for the like of me, and you are a bad man and a false friend to try and compromiso me." 4 'Rigid virtue ! Pattern of humanity ! Oh, Lisbeth Glendiuning, how shall I ever win you into believing in me ?" he asked. 44 Let me be ; go your own way and I'll go mine. If aver I want you I'll let you know, that's best," she replied, forcing herself into the concession of seeming to be friends with him. 44 And may I not oome and Bee you some times 7" 44 What for ? It's no good either to you or me that you should be coining here. I am going to turn this cottage into a home for babies and old people, and to have nestle men abont will be sadly in the way." 44 Do you mean to say that I am the only man who comes here to see you ?" 44 Tbat, I guess, is my business, and not yours, if I answer roughly ; but wishing to be polite, I say I'll have no men dangling about at all. The doctor and maybe the parson will be our only visitors." 44 And what abont Sir Miles Berkeley r" 44 He is my grandfather's old master, and was left exeoutor to his will. Bnt he never hardly comes here, I don't know though why I should make these explanations to you. It isn't yonr affair, is it ?" 44 No, not altogether, but my deep interest in you makes me anxious as to your welfare. I hope Clement Dunraven has not wholly given yon up since he married." There was a eiekening feeling at Lisbeth's heart, and for a moment she felt as if she were going to faint. She managed, however, with a violent effort, to remain calm, but it was a crucial ordeal through which Pierce Vaughan was putting her. 44 1 never see Sir Clement," she said, in a dead-level voice, 44 but Lady Gertrnde has beeu here once about an old woman for whom ehe wants a home. I wrote to Sir Clement statiug what I intended to do, 8nd his wife answered the letter in person. Are you satisfied ?" He was not, he was perplexed, but he did not tell her so. Could it be possible that after all there had never been anything between Clement Dunraven and this woman, that she was the rigid puritan she pretended. Impossible, the letter he found in the wood must have been from her ; besides, various other incidents that be bad noted pointed to their intimaoy ; no, she was seeking to blind him, he must he doubly observant. Once she was in his power it would be his to deride whether he would win her and be silent, thus sacrificing his grudge against Clement, or whether be would let her go and embrace the opportunity to part Clement from his wife and possess himself of his rights. So great had become his infatuation for this woman who loathed him that he was al ready wondering whether he would not give op fortune for sweet sake. It were vain to press his suit further that day he, however, determined, and therefore rose to take his leave, telling her that not- withstanding her desire to have 44 no danglers" be should look in when he wae In the neighborhood and see how the home for first and second childhood was progressing. Thankful to be rid of him she accompanied him to the frontdoor whioh she threw open to let him pass out. To ber utter dismay and his no small de light, ooming np the garden walk was Cle ment Dunraven. In the eyes of both men as they looked at each other was expressed natural hatred whioh they both so strongly felt, but usually strove to conceal. Clement Dunraven had just heard of the appearance of Jim Glendinning at Coleshill, hence the reason of this rash set. He was anxions to discover if it were true, and if it would make aDy diflerence to his be loved Lisbeth. <4Qni s'excoae s'aocuse,' as says the French proverb. He began an explanation about Lady Gertrude and a message whioh Pieroe Vaughan in no wise believed, but shragcine his shoulders he walked away more resolved than ever to fatbom the mystery that en shrouded Lisbeth and his cousin. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 