THE horror of studley GRANGE- ft DOCTOR'S STORY. larM In toy consultlnc-room ono morning, aid had just said good-bye to the last of my rotate, when my servant canto in and told L that a ltd? had called who preMOil very Meetly for an interview with mo. ii i tnld her that you wero iuat colon out. ' said the man, " eod «ho raw the carriage I the door ; bat nbe begged to seo you, if for twominutca. Thia ia her card." j rffld tho words, " Lady Studley," Show her iu," I said Lastly,, and the „rti momenta tell, slightly-mado, fair- haired prl entered the room. She looked very young, scarcely more than ts- entYi ood I could hardly believo that aha what her card indicated, a married The color rushed into her cheeks as she teld oat her band to me. I motioned bcr to »chsir» aod then naked bcr what I could do 'or her- ' " Ob. you con help mo," shoeoU, clasping wrhsnjfaDd apcakiocln nhlightly theatrical psnocr. "Jfy husbind, Sir Henry Studloy, i, ...ft uuwoU, and I want you to oome to ut him- can you ?— will you V 41 ATitb pleoaure, X replied. " IVhoro do wu lire ?" ( At Studloy Grange, in Wiltshiro. Don't pa know our place!" ' » I daresay I ought to know it," I replied, i> although at tho present moment I can't r«all tho name. You want mo to como to 3 your husband. I presume you wisJi mo to h»T0 a consultation with his medical at- tmdant?" " >'o, no, not at all. The foot is, Sir Henry has not got a medical attendant. Uodullkes doctors, and won't wo ono. I want you to come and stay with us for a week or so. I hsre heard of ymi through mutual friends— thsOnalows. I knowyoucao eifeot remark- this cores, and you havo a great deal of tact. . Bat you can't poraibly do anything for my husband unless you are willing to stay in the hctrao anJ to notice hissymptoins." Ltdy Studley spoke with great emphasis ini) carnOitncM. Jfcr long, sounder iumda rero clasped tightly together. Sho had drawn oif her gloves, und was bonding forward In hor ohoir. Her big, childish and intnewhat reetless blue eyes wero fixed im- rlorinffly on my face. » I lore my husband," Bho said, tears sud- denly filling them— "and it is dreadful, dreadful, to ceo him suffer as too docs. Ho wOI die unices somooco comes to his aid. (to, I know I am asking ou immense thing, when'l beif of you to leave nil your patents i&dcome; to tho coouiry. Lut wo can pay. Honey iff no object whatever lo us. Wo on, wo will, gladly pay you for your ser ried"." "I must think tho matter ovor," I said. Ton flatter me by wishing for -mo, nnd by hliering that I can render you antisUnco, bat I cannot toko a stop of this kind in a hurry. I will write to you by to-night's post if you will giro roe your oddroai. In the meantime, kindly toll 'fro sotue of the trmploms of Sir Henry's' malady." ' "I four it ia a milady of tbo mind,"' sho satwered immediately, " bat it is of ' so vivid &ad; so startling a character, that unless relief is soon obtained, tho body must give wa/ucdor tho strain. You see that I am rsry young, Dr Halifax. PtrhnpH I look younger than I am— mv age is twenty. two. ity husband is twenty year- myecnior. Ho would, however, bo considered by most poople still a young man. Ho is a great jcholar, and bus alwavs bud more or less thu habits of a recluse. Uu is fond of living iu bit library, nnd likes nothing bettor than to te Furrotindod by books ,ui ulUorts, Hv«ry modern book worth reading is (forwarded to him by its publisher. Ha is a very interest: icg man and a brilliant converAntiooalisL E'erhaps I ought to put alt this it» tho past Uow, for now ho scarcely ever bpoxks— ho raids next to nothing— it isiliillouit toper- inade him to eat— ho will not leave the huuso —he used to have a rather ruddy complexion —bo is now deadly pule and terribly ema ciated. Ilo sighs in tho nio-t heartrending m&anor;, and eoouifl to bo in a atato of ex treme uorvoaa toualon. Iu short, ho ij very ill, and yet ho eccins to lmvd . no bodily dlscaso. ilia oyea havo a , terribly itirtled oxproaaion iu them— hit band trom- Ues so that bo oan scaroely raise a cup of tea to hU lips. In short, he looks like o man vbo bos seen a ghost." " Wiien did ti'iedo aymptoma begin to ap- yearf" 1 asked. "It hs mid wiutcr now," said Lady Studloy. "Tho queer pymptotna 'began to bdosv thfinfielves . Iu toy husband is October. Thoy been growing worso ui worm. In short, 1 1 can stand than-., no longer,", sho continued, giving wa y.to a short, hysterical sob. ' 'I fult.X must come tosoinoooo— I havo heard of you.- Do, io como and savous. 7)o coine and find oat what U tbo matter witli my 'wrttab'od, itwband." "I will write to yon to- night,' I slid, in as kiod a voiuo aa 1 could muster, for tho pretty uxioas wifo interested mo already. "It may not bo pooriblo formo to stay nt Studloy Grange for a wotlc, but In any caso I can pro- mho to oome and see thu pationt. Ono visit will probably bo suflluient— what your hus bind wants is, no doubt, complcto ohango." " Oh, jos, yes," sho roplied, abtDding up cow. M i have mid so scoroa of times, bite Sir Henry won't stir from Studloy— noihiup uifl indue htm to go away. Ho won't even UtTehfaown special bedroom, although 1 expect bo has dreadful nights." Two heotio H>jU burnt in !>er chocks as sho spoke. I looked at hur attentively,. " Yon will forgive mo for speaking," S Raid, "but you do not look at all well y'pureolf.- 1 fhould liko to prworjbo' for vou m'wcU as jour husband."; "Thftukyou," elio aus'worod, "lam hot trrvktroag. I novur havo boon, but that ia nothing— 1 mean that tuy health is not a thing of cousoquoucQ at proseut. Well, I nuit not tako up any more of your timo. 1 hall expect to got a totter from you to- Borrow morning, l'loaeo address It to Lady Studley, (Jrosvenor Hotel, Victoria." »Sho touched my band with fingorn that buret liko a living noul and loft tho room. I thought her vciy ill, and was auto tlmt if Icnuld boo ray way to spouding u weok at StudlsyGruugo, 1 ahould have two patieuta intes'i of ouo. . It In always dlflloult for a buy doctor toloavo home, but alter carefully thinking matters over, I rooulved to opmply with Lady ytudloy's request. Accordincly, two tUys iutor saw mo on my vay to Wiltshiro and to Studley Grange. A brougham with two smurt horflea was waiting at tho station. To my surprise I uv that Lady Studloy had oumo herself to letch mo. " I don't know how to thank you," sho iild, giving mo a feverish clasp of hor hand. "Your visit filla mo with hopo— I believe tlut you will discover what is really wrong. Hums she slid, giving a quiok, .imperious direction to the footman who appeared fat tba wiodow of tba carriage. ; - Wo bowlod forward at a rapid paco, and tba continued:-— " 1 eamo to moot you to-day to toll you that I havo used a little gallo with regard to jour visit. I bavo not told Sir Henry that Tou oro coining hero in the capacity of a doctor." ITbro she paused and gavo mo ouo of her tfatleu glances. " Do you mind ?" eho asked. " What havo you aald about rae to Sir Meury V I inquired. "That yon oro a great friood of tho Outlows, nnd that I havo asked you boro for, week's change,'1 sbo onaworod immediately. " As a guest, my husband will bo pnlito nud delightful to yoa— aa a doctor, bo would treat jou with scant civility, and would probably give you Uttlo or nooo of tais confidence." I was qulto eiiont for o moment after Lady fctudloy bad told mo tbie. Then 1 said " Had I known that I was not to oomo to joor houso lu tbo capacity of a medical mnn, I might havo ro-consldcrod my earnest doairo to trip you." She turned very pale when I said this, and tan filled hor eyes. " Novor mind," I said now, for I could not wt bo touched but by her oxtrcmQly pathotio ad sufToriug faoo, by tbo look of groat illaeis which was manlfoetcd in every Riaaoo. " Nover mind now ; lam glad you uvo told me exaotly the tonus on which you )h mo to approaon your . husband ; but I |klnk Uut I can so put matters to Sir Beury "t ho will bo glad to consult mo in my "fciioal Capacity." . Ob, but ho doos not even know that Inspect his illness. It would nover do for tim to know. I suspect 1 1 aeo 1 I fear ! lQt 1 say nothing, 8ir Henry would bo Buoh more misorablo than ho is now, if bo Uttagbt that 1 guessed that there is anything nng with him.? "It Is impossible for mo to oomo to tho .Uiango exoept as a medical man," I an i»»«od firmly. . « 1 wlU tell Sir Henry that tob have seen somo changes in toim, and nvs asked mo to visit him as n dootor, iHnse trust mo. Nothlnir will bo said to your husband that oan maio matters at all WMmfortablofor you." ': .... U'--! hwyStudJey dla not venture any furtho reuiftnitrauco, aad we now approached tho J old Gringo. It was an irrosumr pile, buitt ! ovidcntlyacoozdiog to the wants of the dif. toraot families who had lived ia it. Tho huHdiug was long and rambling, wilb rows of windows filled up with panes of laltleo glass. In front of tho house was a swooping lawn, which, oven at this timo of tho. year, presented a vol vcty' and well- kept appearance. "Wo drove rapidly round to tho entrance door, and a moment later I found myself in tbo proscuuu of my hust nud patient. . Sir llcnry Studley was a tall man with a Tory slight etoop, and an aqntlino no?o nod r.ithor noblo faco. Hid oyea wero dark, and his forehead inclined to bo bald. Thcro was a courtly, old-vorldaort of look about him. 1 lo greeted tno with ex treme fricndliacsi, and wo went into tho ball, a very largo aud lofty apartment, to I.cdy Studleywos vivacious aud lively in tbo extreme. Whilo fiho talked tho heotio BpoUcamo out again ou bcr cheeks. My un easiness about hor increased as I noticed these symptoms, j felt ccrlniu that sho was not only consumptive, but in nil probability oho wns oven now tbo victim of an advanced atago of phthisic. 'I felt far tnoru anxious about hor than about her husband, who ap peared to mo ut that moment to be nothing moro thau a somewhat nervous and hypochon driacal person. This state of things seemed cosy to amount for in a scholar and a tnau of sedentary habits. I remarked about the ago of the house, and my host bc:ume interested, aud told me ouo of iwo.Btorics of tho old inhabitants of the Uraogo. Uo said that to-morrow be would have much plcasuro in taking mo over tho building. " Havo you ft ghost here?" 1 naked, with a laugh. 1 don't know what prompted mo to aik tho question. Tho moment I did bo Sir Henry turned white to his lip, and Lady Studley held up a-warnio? finger to mo to intimate that I was ou daogcrou ground. I felt that I was, and hastened to divert the conversa tion iutqyaieaoUaiincU. Inadvertently I bad touched -on a eoro spot. I scarcely regretted having done so, aa tbo flash in tbo baronet's troubled oyes, and tho cxtrano agitotiou of his faoo, showed mo plainly that Lady Studley war right when eho epoko of hta nerves being in u very irritable con dition. Of coureo, 1 .did not believe in gnoato, and - wondered that a man of Sir IJonry'a 'calibre' could bo at aU tuidertboiu- fluencoof tills old.world fear. " I am sorry that wo havo no ono to moot you," ho waid, after a few remarks of a com- mnnplaco diameter had divided us from tho trbodt question. " But to-morrow several frlouda'uro coming, and wo hopo you will havo a plcusant timo, Aro you toad of hunt ing?" V 1 answered that I used to bo in tho old days, before mcdicino and patients occupied all my thoughts. "Ifthiflopen weather coollnuoa, I can probably givo you somo of your tavorlto pas time," rejoined Sir llcnry; t'and now per haps you would liko to be shown to jour My bedroom was in a modorn wing of tho hou.<ief'aiid looked as cheorful and A9 unghor-t- liious it was possiblofor a room to bo. I did not rejoin'my host aud hoatosa until dinner- time. Wo had a eoclablolittloraeal, atwhlch nothing of. any Importance ocourred, aud ihgrtly. alter tlio. servants withdrew, Lady .Studley left Sir Henry and mo to onreeivov. Sbo gavo mo another warning glanoo ns sho loft tho room. I hud already quite made up my mind, however, to tell Sir llenry tbo mutivoof my visit., Tho moment tho door closed behind bU wifo, ho ntartod up' and usked tno If I would mind rooming - with him into his library. v ' "Tho fact1. Ia,!' ho said, "I am parti cularly 'glad you havo como down. I want to havo a talk with ycu about my wife. Sho is extremely unwell." I signified my willingness to listen to any thing Sir Henry . might say, and in a low minutes wo " found ouraalvos comfortably established In a splondid old room, completely ciothcd with books from ceiling to iloor. " Tbesooromy treasurw, "said the baronet, waring his hand' in tbo direction of an old bookcase;' wbleh contained, I saw at a glauce, some vjry rare and precious first oditious. ' ' Theco uro mv friends, bho companiouH of my hours 'of Bolitudc. Xow sit down, l)r Halifax; mnkoyourbclfathome. You have como hero uu a guest, but 1 huvo heard of you bolcre, nnd nm ioolinod to confide in you. 1 must fruukly say that 1 hato your Erofcssbu as a rule. I don't boUovo i tbo omnUoieuoo of mcdioal men, but momenta oomo in tho' lives of all men - when it is ueceseary to uuburdeu tho mind to another. May 1 give you my confidtneo ?" . "Ouo moment first," I said. "I can't deiNlwyou/'SirHon'ry.'' I havocoinohere, upt lriTuo cabaclty.ol.a gucBt, but us your wife's medical man. Sbo has bcon' anxious about yob, hud : sho begged of mo to como and Ithy 'berb for k 'few days in order to render.you any mcdietl assletauce within tuy powor. 1 only kuow, on my wuy liero to-day, that sho had not acquainted you with tbo natiiro of iny vMt." Wbito I was spooking, Sir Henry's foes becAtxio extremely watchful, oager, and tenn. "This 19 rcmarkttblo," ho said. "Ho Lucllla is anxious about mop I wus not awaro tbot I over gavo her the least cluc to tho fact that I am not -in perfect health. This Is very strange— it troubles me." Ho looked agitated. Ho placed one long, tbln hand on the littlo tablo which stood near, and pouringouta glues of wioo, drunk It off. I noticed an ho did su tho norvous trembling of bis hand. 1 gluitcod nt his face, and saw that it waa thin to omovintion. .AVoll/Jhofatd, " I am obliged to you' f<rf. being perfectly frank with ino. My wifo soArooly did well to conceal tho object of your visit. JJut now tht you huvo coiuo, I studl iuuko"ubO of you both for uiysolf aud for hor." " Then you nro not well?" Ioftkcd. "Well!'' ho auswercd, with almost a about, ."Good God, no J I think 1 am going mad. 1 kuow — 1 know that unh-tsfi relief soon comes 1 skull dlo or bccemon raving maniftc." "No, nothing of tho kind," I answered, soothingly'; "you probably want chance. This is a'iino old house, but dull, no doubt, in wiulcr. Why don't you go nw»7 f— to tho Itiviora, or somo other pluco whero thoio iu plenty of Bunshiuu? Why do you htuy hero ? Tho air of this piano is too dump to bo good for oliher you or your wifo. Sir llenry hat silent for a moment, thon bo said, in a torso voioa ' Perhaps you will adviso mo what to do after you know tho nature of tho malady which utiliuti mo. First of all, however, I wish to epoak'bf my wrio." " 1 am rcadv to listen, " I replied. "You boa, bo ooniinuod, "that sho is very delicate J " " Yos," 1 roplioi ; " to bo frank with you, I should say that Lady Studley wtts oon- saroptiYo.'.' Hostar tod wbou l. 'said ' this, and pressed hhrlipa tirhilyiogbth'or.' After a moment ho spoke. .Yoa aro right," bo ropllcd. " I bad hor cxamiuod by a medical man — Sir'Joiopb l)unbur— ' when I waa lost In Loudon ; ho said her lungs were considerably ntb.-uted, and that, in abort, she was far from well." " Did ho nqt« \ ptde? > you to wintec abroad !" » Uo did,"- but Lady Studley opposed tbo idaa so strenuously that 1 was obliged to yield to her entreaties. Cinsumption docs not aocm to tako qulto tbo ordinary form with hor. Oho Is restless, she longs for cool uir, ho goes ont. pu. qulto oold days, In a oloecu ourrUgo, it is truo, 151111, oxccpl a nlght.nho does not regard horsolf in any hquso as an Invalid. Sbo Las immenio spirit— 1 think she will keop up until oho dies.' "You speak nt her being an invalid at night," I ropllcd. "What aro hor ayrno- Slr Henry sbnddorod quito visibly. "Ob, thoso awful nights," ho answered, "IIow bappy would many poor mor tals bo but for tho terrible time of darkness. . Lady Studloy bad dreadful ' nights ' tor somo time ; perspirations, cough, roaUesanoss, bad dreams andaU tbo rest pf.lt—- But I must hasten to toil you mystery quite briefly. In tho ba- inning of October wo raw Sir Josoph Doll ar. 1 should th80 by advice, havo tak6n Lady Studloy to tno Itiviora, but sbo opposod'tbeidea'with-tmbh passion end dis tress, that I abandoned it" Sir Henry paused boro, and I looked at him attentively. I romembored at that moment that Lady Studley bad a aid aboot hor husband refusing to leavo tho Greoge under any circumstances. What a etrungo famoof cross-purnoeca theso two wero play- ng. How was it possiblo for mo to got a tho truth P »» At my wife's oamest roqueat," oontinoed Sir Henry, " Wo returned to the Grango.Sho doolared hor firm intention of remaining here until she died. " Boon after our return she suggested that wo should oeoapy separate rooms at night romindinc mo, vyben sho made tho. request of ttif lufsefiou nature of eonsumptioo. ' OOmpliod with bcr wioh on condition that I slept in tba room next hers, and -that on i—.' ? h-rifl the siDullcsr. ««ertcac.r I «J«uhl 1« .urn- moL-4:J to- h«r aiiL '1 hid orrangemout waa made, itod her room opens Ioto mine. 1 havo sometimes hoard, bcr. moving- about at night— I havo often board her cough, and I havo often beard her. rfgli." BuUsbo has uovor opco sont for me, or givon mo to understood that sho required my aid, 5U>o does not think herself vory ill, and nothing worries her moro than to havo her malady spokoa about. That 1 tho part of thu story which roIato3 to my wifo." " She is very ill," I said.. .? But I will apeak of that presently. Now. will you favor mo with an account of your own symptoms, Sir Henry ? Ilo hearted again when I. said thii, und going across tho room, looked thu door and put tho key in hid pocket. . " Perhaps you will laugh at ra," bp said, i " but it is no laughing matter, I nsiuro you Tho most tcrriblo, the most awful aillictlon has como to mo. In short, I am vi-itcd nightly by' an appalling apparition. You 1 don't bellyvoin chest, Tjungc that by your I faco. Few scivntifio men do.' '"Frankly, I do not," 1 replud. "So. called ghosts can generally bo recounted for. At tho most thoy uro only tho figments of un over-excited or disomtsl main." " l»o that n« it may," said Sir Henry," the diseased brain can givo bach tortoro to iu victim that death is preferable. . AU toy lifo I bavo teen what I conaidvr a hoaltby loindod man. I bavo plenty of money, und bavo never been troubled with tbo oaroswhlch torture men of commerce, or of email means. Wnen I marrind, tbreo years ago. I considered mvsolf tho most lucky and tbo happiest of mortals." "Forgive a personal question.- 1 inter rupted. " Has you marriage' Uiaappolutcd you?' ... . : .-4 " No, no ; far from it,!' ho' replied with fervor. " I lovo my dour wife bottor aud moro dcoplv oven than tbo day when I took bcr as a bridu to my artaa. It is truo that I tim weighed down with sprrow abontber, bat that is entirely owing to tlio atato other health.". \ > - " It is strange." I raid, " that sho should bo weighed down with eorrow about you. for tho same coaeo. Havo you told hor of the thing which terrifies you.?" " Nover. nover. I havo norcr spoken of it to mortal. It is rainackablo tbnt uy wife fcbouhl hnvo told yon that -I' 1 doted jiko n man wliobad soon a gb'teV. AlfS'! alas I'.Bat lot mo tell yon tho spaus? of.ray battered nerval and failing health. "Fray do, 1 shall listen ftttentivelv," I ro- lliU. " Oh, doctor, that 1 could make tou fool tho horror of It!" said Sir-Homy', bending forward and lookltg into iny eyta. "Three mouths ago 1 no inoxo, believed . iq.. visitations, In apparitions, in fcb eaue'd .ghobta, than you do. Wore you tried as I am, your soepticlsnf would ttrecivo fttkouk. -Let ino toll you-wlmt occurs. Night after night Lady Studley and j rctiro to ro6t at tbo same hour. Wo say- good, night, and lay our hoids on.aur separate nil. Iowa. Tbo door of oommunlcAtioQ betwern'.ua is shut. Sho has a uigbt light in hor room'—: I prefer darkucss. 1 clow.my oyea oad pro- p>iro for slumber. As a rate 1 -fall asleep.' My sleep is of short duration; .1 awoke with' beads of perspiration standing on tuy fore head, with Jn7 heart thumping ucavily aud with every uervo vido awako, 1 and waiting, for tho ' horror '; which will' como. .Somotimcs. I 'wait Jialf cu . hour — sometimes longer. . Xhon I - know by. a faint ticking sound' in tbo darkqoss that tbo. Thing, for 1 can clothe, it'iylth no narao/is about to visit mo. Iu a' 'certain spot of tho rooui always in the sumo spot, a bright light suddenly iUshes ; out -of/ its midfit thcro gloms a proternaturally largo oye, which loqka fixedly ut tre with a diabolical expression. As timo goes, it docs not remain long; but/an uirouy eount«,it seems to tako years ol my life »wiy with it. It fudte ns suddenly into groy mist nnd nolhingnus as Itcutnes, and, .wet with perspiration, nod ! struggling - to, keep book screams of mad terror, 1 bury my head in tbo'md- elotbes." ' . ' ' : ' ' " But havo yon novor tried- to'investigata this thing?" Isold. "I didat first. Tlio hr.it night I saw it, I rushed out of bod and oadq fo'r tho spot. It disappo«rcd at ouco. X struck a light— tbero was nothing whatever in tho room." " Why «id you sloop in that room !" " I must not go awhy from Lady Studley. My terror is that alio should- know anything of this— tny greater terror is that tbo appa rition, failing me, may visit her. 1 daresay you think. I'm a fool, Halifax; but tbo fact is, this thing is killing tno, bravo man as I consider myself." "Do you soo it ovary night ? ' 1 aikcd. " Not qutto overy nfgbt; hut sometimes on t bo eamo nlgbt it oomes twioo. Sometimes it will not come at aU for two nights, or oven thrco. It Is tbo most ghastly, tho most hor- ribo form of torturo that could - hurry a eano man into his crave or into a w&dhoueo.;" " 1 havo not thq least shadow of doubt," I said,' after a pause,-''? that tho thing can bo ucconntod for." - ""T\ Sir llenry shook ;bf«'!ica'dl ''No, .no," ho roplied, "it is citlicr as you puygeftt, a figmout of my own diseased brain, aud tboroforojust as liorribloas a real apparition ; or it is u supernatural visitation.' Whotbcr.it exists or not, it isrbalHy tomo find iu oo way a dream. - Tho full horror of it is prcKOiit wltU mo iu my waking moments. "Do1 you think anydno is playing on awful practical joko !" X sugjeitcu. " Certainly not.- Whatobjoct can anyono havo in soaring mo to douth V Besides, thoro is no ono in tbo room, that I can swear. My outer door is looked, Lady Studloy's outer door is looked. It is impossible thattbereoan bo any trickery in the matter." I said nothing for ft momout. I no moro believed iu phosts thou 1 over did, but I felt certain that thorn was gruvojnlroblef at work; , Sir Henry must bo tbo viutlinof ajhalluoina- lion. This might only : be - causod by fuuciional disturbnnco of jEb,o bralh, but It, was quite serious enough tacall- fcrhumedi' ato attention. Tho first tfciae to do was to find out whether tho apparitioa..coald.bo accounted for in any material way, or if it wero duo to tho state of Sir llvury's norves. I kogau to ask htm certain questions, going fully into the caso in aU its b oaring. 1 then "znmiood his eves with tho ophtbaltnosoopo. '1 bo remit of this was to nsnuro me bovnud ilouht that Sir Honry Studloy was in a highly nervous condition, although I could detect uo ttaho of brain diceoHO. "Do you mind taking ino to your room ?" I said. "Not to-night," bo answered. "It is late, and Lady Studley might express sur prise. The objeot of my lifo ia to onuccal this horror from bcr. ' When eho Is out to morrow you shall oomo to tho room aud judgo for yourself." ' Weil/' I said, " I shall havo on intetviow with your wifo to morrow, and urjro her most strongly to consent to leavo tbo Graugo and go awsy with you." Shortly attvrwords wo rctirod to met, or what went by tho natno of rest iu that sad houso, with its troubled Inmatca. I must confos that, corafortabh» as my room wok, I slept very littlo. Sir Henry's story htuyed Mtbino all through tho/liours of qarkncai. I am neither nervous hor imaginative, but I could not bolp seeing that tcrriblo eyo, oven in my dreams. ' 1 mot tuy boat and hosto?s at au early broakfaHt. Sir Honry proposed that m tho day wns warm and liuo, I should rido to n noighboriug mco). I was not in tho .humor for. this, howWr/abfi.'Suid frankly that 1 should profer romalniog at tbo Grange. - Ono glftpco'juto the faces of my hot und hostess told mo only too plainly thutl btul two vory serious patients un my hands. Lady btndlry looked terribly weak and oxcitcd— thohccrio spots on hvr checks, tbo gleaming glitter of bcr eye, the parched lipfl, tho long, white, emaciated hands, all showed only too plainly tbo stride tbo malady under which sho wus suffering was tuuklng. " Alter all, I cannot urge that poor girl lo go abroad," I said to myself. " Suo is hasten- lug rapidly to her gravs, and no power on. cturtn otn mvo her. She looks as if thoro' were exteosivo dlscaso of tbo lungs. How restless hor oyca aro, too 1 I would much rather testify to Sir Henry's sanity .than to hers." Sir llcory Studley also boro traces of a slcoploss night — bis faoo was bloodless ; bo averted bis oyes frotq ruine ;; he, ato next to uothtng. . (To bo oonoliidbdneizt Baturday.) 