Under tie Shadow of Crime ob SHE -MYSTERY OF CLEMENT DDNRAYEN. ; By JEAN MIDDLEMASS, uthorof a "Girl in a Thouwuid," "Sealed by a Kiss," "By Fair Moanis," "Touoh and Go," &o.; j Now Fmsr Published. Am. Queensland Riairrs Resebved. ; SYNOPSIS OP PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. Chaptebs I. act II.— Sir Louis Dunravon, of Aboyne Court, has two nophowti, Olomcnt Dunravon and Piorce Vuughnn. The baronet wishes tlio former to mnrrv Ludy Gertrude Vorsahoyle, and makes it u condition of him leaving him his property that ho should pro- poso to her at once. Ho consents, hut with a secrot Borrow. Pierce Vuuglian, who is in lovo with Gertrude, determines that lio will discover tho secrot of hiB cousin, and ncoidontnlly finds a noto in tho following terms : " Dourest Clem, —Thanks for your darling note. I will meet yon at tlio usual place on Tuesday at dusk — Your ever loving Beta." Clemont,does as hie linole desires him, and proposes to and is accepted by Lady Gnrtrudo. Pioroo Vauglian hears of tho engagement with chagrin. As he 1b walking in tho grounds trying to cool his fevered brow, ho clistinotly soos a strungo woman loavo thom, So suddonly had she appeared and disappeared that she seems like a ghost. CHAPTER Hi:— (Continued.) ' But you have not yet heard what I have to say. It all depends on the child, Clem. If it iB a girl I will consent to be silent about tho marriage, and let her suffer as her mother will, in order to give her father riches and plaoe. A little more or less misery will not make much difference in a woman's life. Bat if the ohild is a boy I will not have my marriage kept a secret. He must take his father's name and inherit the baronetcy as his father's heir.' ' Clement Dunraven looked at her aghast. 'Good heavens, Lisbeth, what non sense. Why should a boy be more con sidered than a girl ? On the contrary, he can make his way in the world when a girl cannot do so.' ' It seems to me, Clem,1 she said, speak ing with much dignity, ' that you have come here to-day to ask of mo tho very greatest favour a man can ask a woman, even to give np her reputation and good name for his sake. If I grant this favour and consent to take my place among the outcasts of society for your dear sake, it must he on my own terms. Once again I repeat, if the ohild yot to be born is a hoy ho must take your name and inherit your title.' « But my dearest Bett, it will be weeks yet before we shall know. My uncle's orders that this marriage with Lady Ger trude take place at once are imperative. He is in very bad health and if ho should die before the event comes off, then every thing is lost.' All that, Clem, you must aiJKfflfge ac cording to your judgment. Marry Lady Gertrude to-morrow if you like, only if my ohild is a boy I shall announce my prior olaim ; if it is a girl I will go whithpr you will, do aB you will, trusting to your love that you will not desert me utterly. Tou see I have strong belief in you, in Bpite of your weakness, my Clem.' 'I shall never forsake you, Bett. I will be true to you until doath, although you are placing mo iuavery difficult posi tion now.' ' The position is difficult, my beloved ; it has always been difficult, until the end comes it will remain so. Now, dear, do not let us talk any more about this other marriage which you are going to contract, hut be happy in each others love for a brief spaoe. Grandfather is very ill, and I must return to him Boon or he will be wearying for me.' ' You ore very hind to your grand father, Bett. Far kindor than you are -to me, and yet he has been cruel to you.' .'All men ore cruel,' she answered, ' most oruel when they seem to lovo you best.' - . Clement Dunraven winced. Lisbeth would soarcely please him as muph as she had hitherto done, if she began to give him truisms instead of kisses. Could it he possible that the power she had over him for many months past was already a little on the wane. No, . there ' was no woman in the whole world like Lisbeth. He was only a'little provoked at her to-day, because she would not obey his wishes implicitly. He loved her all . the better for her loyalty, would ever love her the best on earth. 'I fervently and ardently wish that Lady Gertrude was dead,' he said, en circling Lisbeth in a very close embrace. ' Oh, Clem, how wrong it is to talk like that. For the last two .days I have \- been madly, wildly jealous of that beauti ful Lady Gertrude Yersohoyle, but to-day , I pity her from my very heart. Yes, I do thinir, Clem, that she needs pity, even . more than I do, who am your rejected, deserted wife.! ' You are neither rejected nor deserted. Bweet one. You are only helping me to obtain a fortune, whioh will be most ad vantageous to us both.' You will ha very good to Lady Ger trude, Clem. You will not let: her see that Bhe is second in your, affections.' ; : ' I will try and do my duty by her, Bett. But it will be very difficult, know ing all the while that she is usurping your .place.' 'I wonder if she loves you, Clem, loves you as much as I do — ' 'Confound her, .that is just what she ' does. If she did not adore me quite so palpably it would not have entered into Unole Louis's head to force this marriage.' ' Poor Lady Gertrude !' again repeated Lisbeth, She took a sort of pleasure in torturing herself with thinking out the future relotions botween her Clementfand Lady Gertrudo. By sight she knew Lady Gertrude Vcrschoyle very well. The Earl, aa ! Lord Mclbury was oallod \ by all the people in and around Coleshill, owned most of tho property in those parts, and ' was looked up to as if ho wore a small king. Lisbeth was strongly imbued with : the veneration in which the Earl and all his family were field. In fact, it is very doubtful if she. would have consented to waive her olaims on Clement, since she was really and truly his wife, for any star of lesser magnitude than Lady Ger- _frude. / To her unsophisticated mind it soomcd a kind of honour to herself that her Clement should bo called upon to make suoh a grand alliance, and that she, an unknown and insignificant minim, should he brought into rivalry with the greatest ladv of tho county. Uneducated people like Lisbeth Glen- dinning have strange ways of looking at tho circumstances which arise in life, hence her willingness to give place to Lady Gertrudo if the son and heir, whose portion she considered ought to be' her first thought, did not. come between them. , The word bigamy and the chance that Clement stood of having his first marriage found out, and standing in a dock for his pains, never once entered her head. If she chose to give him up what right had anyone else to interfere, she would haveaBked. They did not discuss the situation any farther, there seemed nothing more to say. They tried to be happy again for the few fleeting moments left to them. A bar, however, had come aoroBS the esout- oheon of their happineBB, and life would never again be the same for either of them, although neither realised what trouble in the future they had been pre- paring for themselves. At last a hoarse ory from the upper room put a stop to the interview, which had assumed a painfully strained oharaoter. It was old Josh who . had awakened from a sleep, -fretful and angry at finding himself nlone, and wus calling Lisbeth. ' God bless yon, Clem,' she said, kissing him hurriedly, ' and may your happiness be as great as is the love of your poor deserted Bett.' She was gone, and he stood alone by the doorpost for some minutes after she had left him. Not until she was gone did he seem fully to take in how terrible waB tho position in which he found himself. He was engaged to Lady Gertrude Vers- ehoyle, with tho full consent, of his uncle and tho Earl of Melbary. Before many hours were over there would be para graphs in all the society papors announ cing the approaching marriage in high life, and yet the realisation of the event depended entirely on a freak of chance. If Lisbeth's child were a boy his previous marriage would he made known, and branded with the name of blackguard he would go foith into the world a pauper. What a fool Lisbeth was. What good would it do the boy to he a baronet, since he would have no money to keep up his position ; but to reason any farther with her on the subjeot would, he felt, he vry useless. Lisbeth was always unflinchingly firm to her resolutions. Clement Dunraven looked anything hut an expectant and happy bridegroom as he stood thero waiting and hoping that Lisbeth might come baok. He did not expect that, however eloquent or im perious he might be, it would be of any avail, but he felt he might as well mgke one more effort to bring her to what he was pleased to consider — reason. But Lisbeth did not return. Old Josh wqb querulous, and wanted her, moreover, she did not eare for any farthor talk with Clement, their late con versation had filled her mind with so muoh torturing and perplexing thought that she proforred to be alone, as alone that is ss Josh's oonstant requirements would permit. Bho knew quite well that Clement wsb still standing by the baok door, beoause he could not havo gone away without her hearing his foot-fall on the gravel path, and she wondered what he could be doing there so long, but she made no attempt to go and see. . After a long time, just as old Josh fell asleep once more, sfio heard him walk away, and going to the window she saw him slowly strolling through the garden with bent baok and lowered head, look ing the varv incarnation of misery. Then Lisbeth's overflowing heart could stand the strain that had been put upon it no longer. She fell on her knees besido a ohair and wept, as those only weep to whom the future brings no hope. Absolutely absorbed by her desperate grief she saw nothing, heard nothing while the paroxysm lasted, and though some one rang the ball at the front door of the cottage, the sound never reached her. A second time it pealed more loudly, hut still Lisbeth heeded it not, and the visitor, impatient at being kepi waiting, went round the back. Clement Dunraven was well out of sight by this time, hut he had rashly left evidences of his pre sence in the shape' of a note on the window sill oloso by. The man, for it was a man, who had prowled round in search of some inmate, took up the note and looked at it curiously. It bore no superscription , and was therefore, he probably considered, public property. Anyway, he opened it, for it was merely folded and not fastened in any way. An exolamation rose to his lips when he saw tho handwriting, whioh ho recog nised at ohee, though the missive was in pencil. He had not time, however, to make himself master of its contents, for Lisbeth, having partially recovered from the storm that was raging at her heart, oamo down the Btairs in order to resume her daily occupations in the kitohon, and to prepure some soup for the old man's next waking. The , man, shy at being caught in the aot of prying, ' dropped the note. The next moment he regretted that he had not pookcted it. But it was too lato. Lisbeth was. already at the door, She did not know this man. She did net remombor ever having seen him heforo, and wondered why he had come, sinoo strangers called hut rarely at' their cot tage. She asked him somewhat roughly what he wanted. With her quiok sense of discrimination she saw at once that he was a gentleman, though not a pleasant one, she deoided at the same moment. ' I was coming into Coleshill to-day, so I was asked to oall hero by Lady Maroia Foljambe. She wishes to know how Mr. Glendinning is, and if there is any thing she can do for him ?' .'Thank you; there is nothing. My grandfather is very ill — the dootor says he will not live many days.' ' And you ore here all alone, my poor girl ?' 'I am alone — yes.' Ho looked at her swollen eyes, for whioh her grandfather's hopelpss condition accounted, but which aoaroely marred her superb, Juno-like beauty, and he felt enslavod. . .. ... . , . to jbb coxjimnsd so-xosaowd " ( . 