THE THIRTEEN CLUB. ENEMIES OF IGNORANCE AND HUMBUG. Enemies of “superstition, ignorance, and humbug,” to quote the words used by the chairman, Mr, Harry Farmsiss, fore- gathered on January 13 in Room No. 13 of the Hoi horn Restaurant, to celebrate the New Years dinner of the London Thirteen Club in a manner calculated to inspire all super-.titious f >lk wi<h hedge hog horror. To begin wiili, in ord r to be true to their principles, ihe members so far forgot test lu-tic taste as to appear m “swallowtails” and bright g-ecu ties—a combination that should make an orthodox {Cithele positively shudder. Then, to reach tho dining apirtment, they had to pass under a ladder, but before this ominouH journey was accomplished, ft largo mirr r resting on an easel was smashed (o “ smithereens.” Thirteen tdj'.-s, with 13 guts’s at rach, were laid, and on them were placed such cheerful ornaments as Jnpanee plaster skeletons, cross hones, skulls, knives crossed, and coffin shaped salt eel las with grave diggers’ shove's and headstones, bearing the inscriplion. “T.> the memory of many d by the London Thi teen Club, 1891.” In place holes the company wore miniture skeletons and peacock'* feathers, whil •, in order to he “thorough,” the fiafernity had secured he s-rvictw of a cert dn number of cross eye! waiters, who, If they failed to add to the p : cture«queness of the scene, certainly contributed to its co i-pleteness, Jt may he mentioned that, awed by preliminary rumors, a few gentlemen “cried of!” at the last moment, but this was attributed to the persuasion of their wives. Half way through the feast the gtther ing “ spilt salt with tho chairman,” and subsequently, with a resounding clash, they shivered circular looking glasses with which they had been presented. Dinner over, it was announced than an undertaker in the district had received the following playful telegram from a grimly humorom wag: “Call on Mr. Harry Furniss tins evening for orders— funeral arrangements." Thereafter the chairman proposed the loyal toasts “in thirteen word*,” thus: “The Queen, Prince a'.d Princ-ss of Wales, and rest of the Royal family.” In submitting the “ llouses of Parliament,” he said Mr. Gladstone- was by no means sup- rstitious, for the Home Rule Bill was introduced on F.-bruary 13,rc.sd a first time on Friday a and was thrown out by the Lords on a Friday. He afterwards asked tho com pany to drink success to the club, and, relating a numb r of popular superstitions, evoked some merriment by mentioning that he had culled his information from an ancient work on the “rules of civility,” which he had bought to present to Mr. John Burns, M.P. Mr. W. H. Blanch, the secretaiy, took occasion to s»y that, aport from its well known aims, the club had charitable objec's, and hoped to become a great benevolent institution. Viscount Wolsely was invited to the dinner of the Thirteen Club, but instead of attending sent to Mr. W. IT. Blanch, the president, tho following letter, “ The Royal Hospital, Dubh'n, January 14, 1894\. Dear Sir, —I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 30th ulr,, and to request that you will he good enough to convey to the committee of the London Thirti en Club my sincere ciation of the great honor they would confer upon me. I wish T could accept this flattering invitation and beco ne an honorary member, but 1 could not honestly do so. I not only believe in many superstitions, but I hug (hem with the warmest affection. They li-Jc me, if not with a spiritual world of which I know nothing,at least with a glorious and picturesque past, of which history has told mo much. I believe in ghosts and ia amulets ; I have worn out the rims of seveial hats since I have been in Dublin through my solutions of single magpies— that mystic bird abounds in Ireland—and I would not on any account walk under a ladder, etc. ; in fact I nm prone to adopt any superstition T nm told of which I find others believe in. How, therefore, could I express sympathy with tho objects of your club ? I could not; but I can thank you and all the members most cor dially for your kind invitation, and wish you many very pleisant meetings. I am sure they wM be so, although you nil have the misfortune to reject superstitions which are tho salt of life to youri very gratefully, Wolselry.” 