FICTION. ROMANGE OF THREE LIVES: [BT GERTRUDE WARDEN.] CHAPTER XVI.-M?I~ DER.-Contlmued Before the window, in that cur tained recess from which he had derived his first insight into Felice's true nature, Maurice stopped every now and agaiu to stare out across the dark field to where a faint light twinkled from the windows of the lodge. Felice had left the house ; so much he had learned from Louisa, and ihMaurice dreaded her return. The thought that she was at the mercy of his vindictive and unprincipled cousin tortured him almost to the verge of madness. Again and again be recalled the jeering taunts andevil-minded insinua tions which Robert Fenton had made use of on the subject of his wife, thereby drawing upon himself the punishment which Maurice's unrege nerate fists tingled with longing to administer a second time. ' To think that angel should be in the power of that fiend !' If lie could warn her not to come back !- But would not the very instinct of self- preservation teach her to avoid Stoneroyd until Robert had left it ? Yet he was her husband; it was her duty to obey him. Duty I Maurice laughed aloud at the word in such a connection. The duty of a dove entrapped into a union with a hawk! Yet duty all the same; and Felice so strong to endure, so determined where she thought her conscience directed her ! And, after all, by what right did he, Maurice, assume that she viewed her husband in his true light ? That she did not speak of him was nothing. The youngest son of the house was not a popular subject for conversation at Stoneroyd. Besides, only that evening, had she not said that she was worried at not hearing from Robert ? As to his neglect, his callous indifference, proverbial philosophy pointed to the fact that a woman loves I most where she has the least encouragement to do so, and that rakes and roues have the greatest influence over her. Maurice knew his cousin well enough to be sure that Felice's value in his eyes would be augmented by just so much as his power to exasperate his male relatives through hri' afforded him satisfaction. He hal come avowedly to ' look after her,' to stay at Stoneroyd with her, and then to take her away with him. The young man's blood boiled at the thought, yet he could do nothing. his interference was worse than use less as the chastisement he inflicted upon Robert to-night would certainly be avenged upon Felice. Why -did Lady Fenton remain talking with the fellow in the next room. Maurice, reflecting thus, had only time to slip back into the shelter of the curtains as mother and son entered the dining-room together Robert came first, talking loudly, as he walked to the sideboard and helped himself liberally from a decanter of wine. Tweedie, with a keen memory for sundry stray kicks, growled, and crep away from Robert's vicinity. t ' tell you to close the subject; that I attach no more value to your old wife tales than I do to the legends of old Mother Hubbard and Banbury Cross. What is this bogey you are perpetually dangling before me? What do you expect me to be afraid of? Of the ghost of Ned Grierly, who had his rascally throat very pro perly cut for him seven years ago?' 'With your razor F' 'Oh, yes; I know,' he returned, irritably, 'and my foot-marks. Rake up again the cock-and-bull-story that I murdered the young reptile. It I was of a murdering turn of mind, I should most certainly have turned my attention to Maurice or Marcus, and not have wasted my skill upon a groom. Where's Felice? Isn't she in yet? Do you usually allow her to go wan dering about out of doors at eleven o'clock at night ? Or is she spooning that prize- fighting clod, Mlaurice, some where? By -- ! I'll pay him out I Do you think I would forego one moment of my stay here now that I know Maurice is in love with my wife?' ' You are mad, mad!' muttered the dowager, staring at him, gaunt and hollow-eyed. Maurice has fierce blood in him. He is a true O'Shann n, and it is not safe to provoke him. He has bruised your face already. If you torment him, he may kill you. ' I can protect myself,' he said laughing, as he drew from the pocket Sof his overcoat a tiny silver-mounted Spistol. 'I've been in all sorts of queer Ssociety at the gaming-tables lately, so I've provided myself with a travelling Scompanion. How many more times y must I tell you that I am here, and I here I mean to stop? Where there's Sroom for my wife, there's room for me. We can eai?ly put up in the front part above, and that haunted nonsense has no terrors for me.' Before Lady Fenton could stop him, be had summoned Louisa, and given orders that a fire should be lighted in the room known to the servants as ' poor Ned Grierly's.' His mother's remonstrances were o no avail. Robert prided himself on his superiority to superstition, and the thought that Felice had received a fright there gave the place additional value in his eyes. Full of misgivings, Louisa and Margaret arranged the room. The passage outside was quite silent. Lady Fenton, finding her prayers, her threats, her commands alike dis regarded, was pacing up and down her own apartment, a prey to nervous apprehensions. Ms Gilmore's boots were outside his room, while the dressing-room door stood open, reveal ing the interior, dark and deserted. Maurice had gone to bed, so it was supposed; and as the minutes flew by, and there was no sign of Fllce, Robert Fenton, after repeated applications to the dining-room decanters, supple mented by his own flask, began to find the process of sitting up for his wife by no means amusing. 'Don't you sleep in that room, my dear, dear Master Robert. Evil will come of it, as sure as my name's Margaret. Take my room, sir. I can easy make up a bed for myself any where. But don't you sleep in the haunted room of a haunted house, and you all surrounded by unnatural enemies.' Thus much Margaret contrived to whisper into her favourite's ear at the door of his room. Be motioned her away impatiently. ' If you want to be of use to me, he said, ' don't talk nonsense up here, but go down and keep a sharp look-out lest Mrs Fenton should come creeping back. Should she do so, come and tell me that instant. I have a good deal to say to her which won't wait.' He closed the door of his room as he spoke, shutting out Margaret, who shuffled off obediently down-stairs to fulfil his orders. The room was dark and dusty, and, though in reality spacious, was so lumbered with fur niture not wanted in the more popular parts of the house as to appear small. The bed was of the old-fashioned mahogany order, and was easy of access from the door, in which, how ever, there was no key. Robert divested himself of his over coat, from the pocket of which he drew the pistol, and, after carefully examin ing it, laid it upon a small table close to the bed. Then dressed as he was he flung himself upon the bed, with one hand upon the table. A curious nervousness, to which he had throughout his life so far been a stranger, began to overmaster his faculties, driving away all disposition to sleep. The room, like all those in the front part of the house, was cold and damp, and the blazing fire only served to bring the moisture oozing forth from the walls, creating a faint haze in the atmosphere. From the bed, Robert could not fail to see anyone entering the room, and as he lay there with his eyes fixed upon the handle of the door shining in the fire and candle light, the convic tion flashed across him that the women were right, and that he himself was rash even to foolhardiness in ventur ing to sleep beneath this roof to night. Robert Fenton was a bully, but not specially cowardly; yet he found him self glancing incessantly with nervous impatience towards his watch, which lay on the little table close within reach, together with the lighted candle, the matches, and the pistol. If Felice should come, he knew him self safe. Safe from what? lIe hardly knew himself. From an insidious haunting fear, which seemed to fill the air with whispered threats of mortal danger. It was a quarter past twelve already past the witching hour when graves give up their dead-and as yet no ghost had appeared to justify the reputation of the ' haunted room.' In spite of this immunity and of his natural scepticism, Robert could never for a moment rid himself of an uneasy sense of hovering peril, and the chill which struck down into his bones was not wholly the result of the low temperature of the room. As the minute hand of his watch touched the quarter, a sound of creak ing boards in the corridor outside, and a suggestion of footsteps pausing immediately before his door, made Robert start up in bed, and reach out his hand for the pistol on the table at his side. As if at a pre-arranged signal, the light was suddenly extinguished, the table overturned, and before Robert could rise from the bed, a crushing weight fell upon his chest, murderous fingers clutched his ,throat, and the .cold muzzle of a pistol pressed against his lips. 