THE NOVELIST. THE MANXMAN.* Br HALL CAINE. RART II.-BOY AND GIRL, CHAPTER XIV, THE THAI/THAN. cnibr Glen is winding, sinuous, soft, rich, sweet, and exquisitely, beautiful, A thin thread of blue water, laughing, babbling brawling, whooping, leaping, gliding, and stealing down from the mountains ; great boulders worn smooth and ploughed hollow bv the wash of ages; wet moss and lichen on tl,e channel walls; deep, cool dubbs; tiny reefs; little cascades of boiling foam; lines ot trees like sentinels on either aide, making the light dim through the overshadowing leafage; gaunt trunks torn up by winds and thrown across the stream with their heads to the feet of their fellows, and chattering squirrels making bridges of them; the golden fuchsia here, the green tramnion there, and now and again a poor xjld thaltan, a roofless house, with grass growing on its kitchen floor; and over all the sun peering down with a hundred eyes into the dark and slumberous gloom, and the breeze singing somewhere up in the tree:tops to the voice of the river below. . Kate had run out on the stem of one of the fallen trees, and there Philip found her, over the middle of the stream, laughing, dancing, waving his bat in one hand, and making sweeping bows to her reflection in the water below. "Come back," he cried. "You terrible jirl, you'll fall. Sit down there-don't tor ment me, sit down." After a curtsey to him she turned her attention to her skirts, wound them about her ankles, sat on the trunk, and dangled her shapely feet half an inch over the sur face of the stream. Then Philip had time to observe that the other end of the tree did not reach the op posite bank, but dipped short into the water. So he barricaded his end by sitting on it, and said triumphantly:" My hut, if you please." Kate looked and gave a little cry of alarm end then a chuckle, and then she said: "You thought you'd caught me, didn't you? You can't though," and she dropped on to a boulder from which she might have skipped ashore. " 1 can't, can't I?" said Philip ; and he twisted a smaller boulder on Ins side, so that Kate was surrounded by water and cut off from the bank. "My hat now, madam," he said, with majestic despotism. She would not deliver it, so he pretended to leave her where she was.Good-bye then; good evening," he cried over the laughter of the stream, and tnmed away a step, bare-headed. A moment later his confidence was dashed. When he turned his heail baclt Kate had whipped off her shorn and stockings and was ramming the one inside the other. " What are you doing?" cried Philip. "Catchthis-and this," she said,Hinging the shoes across to him. Then clapping his straw hat on the crown of her sun:bonnet, she tucked up her skirts with both hands j and waded ashore. " What a clever boy you are! You thought you'd caught me again, didn't youf she said. "I've caught your shoes, anyway," said Philip, " and until you give me my hat I'll stick to them." She was on the shingle, but in her bare feet, and could not make a step. "My shoes, please?' she pleaded. " My hat first," he answered. " Take it." " No; you must give it me." "Never! I'll 6it here all night first," said Kate. " I'm willing," said Philip. They were sitting thus, the one bare headed, the other with bare feet, and on the same stone, as if seats in the glen werescorce, when there came the sound of a hymn from the field they had left, and then it was agreed hy way of mutual penalty that Kate should put on Philip's hat on condition that Philip should be required to put on Kate's shoes. At the next moment Philip, suddenly sobered, was reproaching himself fiercely. What was he doing? He had come to tell! Kate that he should no more, and this j was'liow he had begunf, Yest&day; he wasi »n Douglas reading his father's letters, and I here he was to-djiy, Icigetting himself, his aims jji life, his duties., jug obUgations everything. " Philip,V^^pa^t,'-' you are as weak as water. ?* Give up Jroiir .plans; yon are not fit for them; "abandon your . hopes they are too high for yon.w ; f* *,; " How solemn we ..are pit at onoe1* said ; ^V- . _ (* 'nost ipWal Btraih, dragged out to death oneverytjote) 'jrtui atill' coining «om the Melliah field, and she added, slyly, iV') with a mixture of boldness and nervousness, "Do you think this world is so very bad, thenf n» tWe,1-aw-he faltered, and looking «P he met her eye/and they both laughed. ! ti» x* n0Me*»e. kn'Mtr she said, and they began to w<Jk down the glen, (But where are ye going r 1 Ve]|°"h"We^'COaie ^ as The acnteh^, the long rat-tall, andthe £ were swishing .gatristhir 2?attd?her **** "i went and he "Bettpi- * kftfing step, trying to begin. -her," hcthought." But be could think of no commonplace leading bp to what he wished to 8&y.; ' ; Present!j", through a tangle of wijtl fuchsia; there was a amrilot burning turf inthe ait and the sound of milking into a pail, and th«l a voice came up Burprisingly as from the ground, saying, " Aiay on. the thatch, Misa Cregeen, ma'am." - It was old Joney, the .shearer, milking her goat, and Sate bad stepped on to die tool of | her house without knowing it, for the littlej place was low and opened from the1 water'si edge and leanedagainst the bank. . . . ^ j Philip made some conventional inquiries,; and she answered that she had been thirty j years there and had one son living with her, , and he was an imbecile. ' : ; - "There was once a flock at me, ana I was as young as yon are then, miss, and all as' happy; bat they .re-laving me one by one, ex- j cept this one, and he isn t wise, poor boy.' _ Philip tried to steel his heart It is; cruel," he thought; " it will hurt her; but what must be must be." She. began to sing and went carolling down the glen, keeping' two paces in front of him. He followed like an assassin meditating the moment to strike. "He is going to say something, she thought; and then ahe sang loader. "Kate," he called huskily. . But she only clapped her hands, and cried in a voice of delight "The echo! Heres the echo! Let a ahonttoit" . ," . rHer kindlingtfeattires banished his purpose .for the time, and he delivered himself to her play. Then she called up the gill-- . , "Ec-bo! Ec-'-ho!" - and listened, but there was no response, and she said, "It won't answer to its own name. What shall I call?' ? ; . U ... " Oh, anything," said Philip. - Phil-ip! Phil-rip I" she called, #and then said pettishly, "No, Plulip won't hear me either. She laughed. " He's always so stupid, though, and perhaps he's asleep, - "More this way," said Philip. Try now." " You try." Philip took up the call. "Kates!" he shouted, and back came the- answer, Ate I ' Kate-y!" (Ate-y). r , "Ah, how quick! Katey'a a cood girt. Hark how she answers you,** said Kate. They walked a few step3, arid Kate called again, "Philip!" There was no answer.. "Philip is stubborn; he won't have anything to do with me," said Kate. . Then Philip called a second urae, ' Katey!" And back came the ccho as before. , " . . . . " Well, that's too bad. Katey is-yes, she a actuallyyou 1" . ? ' ,, .... Philip s courage oozed out of him, Npt yet," he thought. Tron-dy-Hoodr-time enough. " After supper, When everybody is j going! (>utside the mill, in the half light ot candles within and darkness without! It I will sound BO ordinary then, ' Good-bye^ t j Haven't you heard the news! Auntie Nan is J reconciled at last to leaving Bui lure and; J joining we in Douglas.' That's it; so simple,, I so commonplace." I The light was now coming l»etween the) trees on the closing west in long swords of sunset red. They could.hear the jolting of-! 1 the laden cart on its way down the glen., The birds were fairly rioting overhead, ahd all sorts of jovous sounds filled the air. Underfoot there were long ferns and gorse, which caught at her crinkling dress some times, and then he liberated her imd they I laughed. A trailing bough of deadly night shade was hanging from the broken, head ot an old ash stamp, whose wasted feet were overgrown by two scarlet-tipped toadstools and ahe plucked a long tendril of it and wound it about her head, tipping her sun bonnet back, and letting the red bemes droop over her dark hair to her face. Then I Bhe began to sing O were 1 monarch of the trlohe, Wi' thee to reign, wi' thee to reign. i Radiant gleams shot out1 of her black I pupils, and . flashes of _ love like lightning passed from her eye to his. Then he tried to moralise. . Ah, he I saiil, out of the gravity of his wisdom, , it I one could only go on for ever like this, liiing from minute to minute! Hut tnata tlie difference between a man and a woman. A woman lives in the world of her own heart. If she has interests they centre there. Bnt a roan has his interests outside his affections. He is compelled to deny himself, to let the sweetest things go by." ... Kate began to laugh, and Philip ended by I laughing too. " «. Look! she cried, only look. I On tlie top of the bank above them a I coat was skirmishing. He was a ridiculous Fellow; sometimes cropping wi th saucy jerks, I then kicking up his heels as if an invisible imp had pinched him, then wagging his Bcut I and laughing in his nostrils. 1 " As I was saying, said Philip, a man has to put by the pleasures of life. Now I here's myself, for example. I am bound, do I you know, by a kind of duty-a sort of vow made to the dead, I might say . " "I'm sure he's going to say something, thought Kate. The voice of his heart was speaking louder and quicker than his halting tongue. She saw that a blow was coming, j and looked about for the means to ward it IThe fairy's dubb 1" ahe -cried suddenly, and darted-from bis aide to the water a edw. I It was a little round pool, black as ink, lying quiet and apparently motionleaaJMwej {a noisy place where the waters swirled and turned black mow, and the «t«ara ran 1 into the dark. Philip had no choice but to j a willow! Yow penknife! I OuickTsir, quick! Not that old branch-* Sug. 'fhere, that'a it. Now you shall I hear me tell my I " An ordeal, is itf said rnnijv 1 " Hush! Be quite atill, or little Phono doree won't listen. Hush, now( , , With solemn airs, but a certain sparkle in her eyes, ahe went Aown on her kneea by the «m1 stretched her round arm over the water passed the willow boagh slowly across j Us inikaoefand recited her incantation t wdiow booeh, willow bough, which of the four, fAtik, eiroJe, or icim, or eame floating wboWi Which !« the Old H* or young miitreti <x wmow or^-wuei i With the last word ahe flung the willow wile, Kate No. it'a widow. No, Pfe ue serious. Oh, dear! ifs going j ft haa-^ It hai-|^n|v. ' SSldjKte. PtoooSom - I *' Cruel >? Brownie I 1® veBed. . |W» ,« might have givenyou something else. Any thing but that, dear, eh f "What," laufehed Philip, "crying? Be causeBhonodoree-never 5 Kate leapt up with averted face. " What nonsense you are talking!" she said. "There are tears in your eyes, though," said Philip. ( ~ ' i " Nowonder either. Yon're so ridiculous. And'ifI'm'mennt for an old maid you're meant for «n old bachelor-and oaite right, i too!" .. i "Oh/itU.hitf ! " Yes, indeed. You've got no more heart1 than a mushroom, for you're all head and. legs, and yon're going to be just as bald, some day." " I am, am I, mistress T " If I were yon, Philip, I should hire myself ont for a scarecrow, and then having no thing under your clothes wouldn't so much matter." " It wouldn't, wouldn't it?" said Philip. She was shying off at a half circle; be was beating round her. "But yon're nearly "as old as Methuselah' already, and what you'll be when you're a man " "Lookout!" She made him an arch curtsey and leapt round a tree; and cried from the other side, " / know. A squeaking old croaker, with the usual old song, "Deed yes, friends, this world is n vale of sin and misery.' The men's the misery and the women's the sin " " Yon rogue, you!" cried Philip. Re made after her, and she fled, still speaking. ? . . "What do you think a girl wants with a- Oh! OhtOol" . Her. tirade -ended suddenly. Shehad plunge»tinto a bed of the prickly gorse, 'and was feeling in twenty places at once whqt it was to wear low Shoes and thin stockings. "With a Samson, eh?" cried Philip, striding on in bis tiding breeches and lifting the captured creature in his areas. "Why, to carry her, you torment, to carry her through the gorse like this." "An 1" she said, turning her face over his shouldeC, and tickling his neck with her breath. Her hair caught in a tree and fell in a dark shower over his breast He set her on her feet; they took hands, and went caroling down the glen together The brightest jewel In my crown Wad be my queen, wad be iny queen. Tite'daylight lingered as if loth to leave them. There was the fluttering of wings overhead, and sometimes the last piping of birds. The wind wandered away, and left their.voices sovereign of all the air. Then there came a distant shout: the cheer of the farm people on reaching home with the Melliah. It awakened Philip as from a fit of intoxication. 'This is madness," he thought. "What am I doing?" , " He is going to speak now," Bhe told her self. Her gaiety shaded off into melancholy, and her melancholy burst into wild gaiety again. The night had come down, the moon had risen, ' the stars had appeared. She crept closer to Philip's side and began to tell him the atory of a witch. They were near to jthe house the witch had lived in. There it was -that roofless, cottage-that thalthan under the deep trees like a dungeon. "Have you nerer heard of her, Philip? No? The one they called the Deemster's lady?" ~ " What Deemster?" said Philip. " This one. Deemster Mylrea, who is said to be dying." " He is dying; he is killing himself; I saw him to-day,"-said Philip. "Well, she wus the blacksmith's daughter, and lie left her and she went mad and cursed him, and said she was his wife though they hadn't been to church, and he should never marry anybody else. Then her father turned her out and she came up here all alone, and there was a baby, and they were saying she killed it, and everybody was afraid of her. And all the time her boy was making himself a great, great man until be got to be Deemster. But he never married, never, though times and times people were, putting this i.idy on him and then that, but when the witch heard it she only laughed and said, ' Let him, he'll get lave enough !' At last she was old and goinc on two sticks, and like to die any day, and when he heard it he crept out of his big house unknown to anyone and stole up here to the woman's cottage. And when she saw the old man she said, ' So you've come at last, boy ; but you've been keeping me long, bogh, you've been keeping me long." And then she died. Wasn't that strange ?" Iler dark eyes looked up at him and her month quivered. " Was it witchcraft, then?" said Philip. " Oh, no, it was only because he was her husband. That was the hold she had of him. He was tempted away by a big house and a big name, but he had to come back to her. And it*s the same with a woman. Once the girl is the wife of somebody she must cling to "him, and if she is ever false she must return. Somethjng compels her. That's if she's "really his wite-really, truly. How beautiful, isn't it beautiful!" " Do you think that, Kate ? Do you think a man. .like a woman, would cling the closer?" , " He couldn't help himself, Philip. Philip tried to say it was only a girls morality, but her confidence shamed him. She sfipped her moist fingers into his hand again. They were close by the deserted thalthan, and she was creeping nearer ntid nearer 'to his Bide. A bat swirled alnjve their heads find she made a fflint cry. Then a cat shot from under a gooseberry bush, and she- gave a little scream.- She was breathing irregularly. lie could smell the perfume ot her fallen hair. He was in agony of pain and delight His heart was leaping in his bosom; his eyes were burn She's right." he thought " Love is best It is everything. It is the crown of lite. Shall I give it up for the Dead Sea fruit of worldly success? THilnkof the Deemster! Wifeless, childless, living solitary, dying alone, un regrettea, omnbtirned. what is the wicked ness you are-plotting? Your father is dead, you can do ;nim neither good nor harm. This girl is alive." She-loves you. Love he*. Let the canting hypocrites prate as they will." - - She had disengaged her hand, and was creeping away'from him in the half dark ness, treading- softly- and going off like a he lehllea. He heard he* laughter, be heard the drowsy bwr of thfe*01,he could smell the warm odoax of thegorsQ bushes. fht^«a*dnese," he thought " This f$.«» feverof'an hour. Yield now and I am jrajlM^lof^life. The girl has come between tftp AM mVjtiin*,ray vows, nay work-every thing. She hasten) pied me and 1 am as weak ..water." I^Kater Shvrfidfiot answer. "Oome here this moment, Kste; I have ;fA<fb9&iD;| an apple id liis lips. She had plucked it in the overgrown garden. " Listen! I'm leaving Ramsey for good don't intend to practise in the northern courts any longer-settling in Douglas-best work lies there, yon see-worst of it is-we shan't meet again soon-not very soon, you know not for years, perhaps " He began by stammering, and went on stuttering, blurting out This words, an«1 trembling at tbe sound of his own voice. " Philip, yoa mast not go {" she cried. "I'm sorry, Kate, very sorry. Shall always remember so tenderly-not to say fondly-the happy boy and girl days to gether." " Philip, Philip, you must not go-yon cannot$o-you shall not- go!" . He could see her bosom heaving under her loose red bodice. Shfetobk bold of kia arm and drageed at it " Won't you spare me? Will you shame me to death ? Must I tell you ? If yon won't speak, / will. Tou cannot leave me, Philip, because-because-what do / care?-because I love you I" . Don't any that, Kate!" " I love you, Philip-I love you-I love you!" Would to-God I had never been born !" " But I will show you how- sweet it is to be alive. Take me, take me- lamyottra!"' ller upturned face seemed to flash. He staggered like one seized with giddiness. It was a thing of terror to behold her. Still he straggled. . " Though apart, we shall remember each other, Kate." "Idon't want to"remember.. I want to have you with me." . .. " Our hearts will always be together.'* " Come to me, then, Philip, come to me J" " The purest. part of our hearts-our souls " Hut-1 want jyoti / - Will you driv^ a girl to shame herself again * I want you, Philip! I want your eyes, that I may see them every day; and you hair, that I may feel it with my hands; and your lips-can I help it ?-yes, and your lips, that I may kiss and kiss them!" " Kate! Kate! Turn your eyes away. Don't look at me like that!" She was fighting for her life. It was to be now or never. .. " If you won't come to me, I'll go to you!" she cried ; and then she sprang upon him, and all ^re wconfuaed, the berries of thenightshade whipped his forehead, and the moon and the stars went out. " My love! My darling! My girl!" " You won't go now 7" she sobbed. " God forgive me, I cannot" " Kiss me. I feel your heart beating. You are mine-mine-mine! Say you won't go!" . " God forgive us both!" "Kiss me again, ramp: uon c apspise me that I love you better tbau myself!" She was weeping, she waa laughing, her heart waa throbbing up to her throat. At the next moment she had broken from his embrace and was gone. " Kate! .Kate!" "Philip!" Old Mannanin, the magician, according to his wont, had surrounded his island with mist that day, and,'in the helpless void of things unrevealed, a ? steamship Ixrand for Li verpool. eame'Vitlr engines slackened some points nartfaVot frer course, blowing her fog hoi^ drerthetJ'isathlesa sea with that un earthly yeU which jii'ofct sorely be the sound wherebyjth? ^de vil;-SWatnona his legions oat of chfto?i ; j . . .: PresepjUysomething dropping through the dense air Bwttled'for a moment on the damp rope of.ttie companion ladder, and one of the passengers recognised ii. My gongh! , It's a bird, a sparrow," he cried. . . At the some moment there was a rustle of wind, the mist lifted, brtd a great round shoulder rose through the white jniuze, as if it had been Ihe ghost of a mountain. "That's, the -IbIc of Man," the passenger shouted, .and there was a cry of incredulity. "It's the Calf, I'm telling.yon, boys. Lave it to me to. know." And instantly the engines were reversed! . - The passenger, a stalwart fellow, with a look as of .pallor under A tawny tan, walked the deck ih a fever of excitement, sometimes shouting - in a cracked voice, sometimes laughing huskily, and at last breaking down in a Iioansegurgle like a sob. " Can't you put me a9horc, capt'n V "Sorry I can't, sir; we've lost time already." There was a dog with him, a little, mis shapen, ugly creature, and he lifted it up in his arms and hugged it, and called it by blusterons swear names, with noises of in articulate affection. Then he went down to his berth in the second cabin and" opened a little box of letters, and took them out one by one, and leaned up to the port to read them. He Iiad read them before, and knew them by heart, but "he traced, the lines with hia 'broad forefinger," and Spelled the words one by one. And as he did so he laughed aloud. abd then' cried" to hiniBelf, and then laughed once more. " She is well-andhappy, aha looking lovely, and, if she/does not write, don't think sheiffiorgetting you." ? " God bless her. Arid God bless him, too. pod blet&them; .both l" .; -He, yfaht,iip, on deck iSgain, Jfgjt he oould oj&ei.; long. There was a br^weii^Wj and.be fitledhis lungs -and blew andt/Iew. The iiuaiiidVaa dying down- over the tea inaj»lelightoi silver grej^Xu engine fflari$ndft}sfak^were Ittjgfcig^Vjer the bul wirktocoot^hemSelvei. " Happy as a sand-boy, mate, only mortal | hungry. Tiffin, you say ? Aw, the heart has j its hunger Bame as anything else, and mine has been on short couitnons these five years J and better. See that island herp, lying like a salmon null atop of the water? Looks bb if she might dip under it, doesn't she 1 That's my home, my native land, as the man says, and only three weeks ago I wasn't looking to see the thundering ould thing ngain, but God is good, you see, and I'm middling tit for all. I'm a Manxman myself, mate, and I've got a lil Manx woman that's waiting for me yonder. It's only an ould shirt I'm bringing her to patch, as the saying in, but she'll be that joyful yon never seen. It's bad to take a woman by surprise, though-these narvous creatures- sterics, you aee-I'll send her a tallygriaph from the Stage. My sakes! the joy she'll be taking of that boy, too! He'll be getting sixpence for himself and a drink of butter-milk. Itfe always the way of these poor lil thingi-c&n;'t standno good news at alt-people coming botpe and the. like-not worth much, these women-crying reglar can't help it. Well, you aee, they're tender heartederthan us, tmd when anybody's been five years . , . Be gough, we're making way, though! The island's going under, for sure. Or is it my eye* that isn't so clear since my bit of ^bullet wound ? Aw, God is good-taemeniooa T . > passenger wis Btombling dotro the cabin stairs. ''.If over atnan carte back from the dead it's that one," saidbothmen 'ogethcr. END OK PART II. 