'We that are Strong.' A NOVEL. By Esmb Stuabt. Author of ' Joan Vellacot,' ' Kestell of Greystone,' 'Muriel's Marriage,' 'Virginie's Husband,' &c;, &c;, &c.; Chapter X.— A TRUE LOVER. Yet she's lo me but such a light As are the stars to those who know; 'We can at most but guess their height, And hope they mind us here below. When the vergers, with their silver wands, came solemnly from the small south door and walked along the close to the cathedral to fetch and accom pany back the Very Reverend the Dean to morning service, Inez knew it was time to go and knock at h«r ora,ndfather's studv door. A little smile often parted her lips at the sieht of the two vergers ; she was now ready with her scornful thoughts. ' If only they had matched better. Waring is so small and looks like the Little Master iu Sintram, whilst Grey might be the Bag of Bones. What nonsense it all is. Why can't the Dean walk those few steps without the help of two men ? How Marie would laugh.' Every morning Hetty at this hour went methodi cally about the room, writing down the duties of the day just aa Aunt Emma had done, and adding up weekly bills so that it devolved on Inez to walk to the cathedral with her grandfather and attend the ' morning service. She rebelled daily but silently, for after all she remembered that Hetty had enough to do. Besides Canon Haybittle had him sslf settled this small daily duty, little thinking that he was rousing bitter and rebellious thoughts in his beiutiful grandchild's mind. ' It's a lovely sight,' Waring, the verger, said, ' age aud youth going to the house of God together ; . it reminds me of Jephtha's daughter a-going to meet her honoured parent.' ?'But the Canon and Miss Haybittle go together,' replied Grey; 'but, Lor', what he says about the Saxons turns my stomach. This cathedral was built by the Saxons or not at all.' 'To my mind,' said his companion, 'the Romans bad something to do with it ; the Romans knew what was what, that's what I say.' ?' So they did, I don't deny, Mr. Waring, but they worshipped idols, and our cathedral was never built but for one God, Mr. Waring ; you can see for your self there's not room enough in it for more. The Romans worshipped ignorantly, as we read in the Bible, and here all is done by folks as had Christian ? friends.' ' And dealings with the devil too I fancy, Mr. Grey, to judge by the expression of some of those carved heads.' ' They was for fair play in those days. But, as I was saying, Mr. Waring, it's many a day 6iuce the Close had such a face as Miss Heenes to look at, and the Verger gave another glance at Inez aud her grandfather as they passed them. Basil Whitewood must have thought the same, for though previously he had often been seen at the cithedral service during his brief home visits, this time he never missed, and he timed his attendance so as to be always able to walk along the Close with Inez, and to hold the heavy door open for her and ' Canon Haybittle. At first she hardly took any notice of him, and allowed him to speak to her grandfather, but after the third meeting Inez thought to herself that Mr. Basil Whitewood must be extremely fond of the cathedral service to come so regularly. The next morning when they met she looked up and smiled at him. His presence was soothing. 'Well, well, Whitewood,' said the Canon, 'How is your father to-day ?' 'He is better, thank you, but he has not your con stitution, Canon Haybittle.' ' I always notice that regularity of thought as well as of action conduces to longevity. Here is Inez, who, as I tell her, already looks more robust for this daily walk.' ' You feel as I do, I am sure, Miss Desallioud. Whenever I come home I am irresistibly drawn to the old cathedral.' ' I always come with my grandfather,' she said quietly. Marie had warned her against wearing her heart on her sleeve. ' Hetty is busy in the morning. When my aunt was alive of course my sister took this daily walk.' Canon Haybittle passed on and went into the vestry ; the two young people paused before entering the building. Daily services, some say, tend to make the choris ters turn into convicts, familiarity with sacred things being sure to breed contempt. Basil looked down upen the exquisite picture of perfect womanhood, and settled that such an embodiment of God's highest work, woman, was a religion in itself. He felt before her just as if he were in the presence of a divine messenger. To him it seemed that the daily presence of Inez in Helstone Cathedral was almost as great a blessing to a thoughtless congregation as if some white-winged angel had daily come to light the altar lamps before them. Basil possessed one of those rare cultivated minds which, having been early filled with the mystical poetry of existence instead of its bare science and its rude reality, have never felt tempted to reject the ideal life in order to embrace its mathematical spirit of classification. He was a poet who did not write verses, aud au artist who could not paint. The knowledge of sm aud sorrow had come to him as it comes to other boys and men in his position ; but much of the result of the knowledge had passed him by. Seeds of evil had found iu him no soil fit for their propagation, and eo had fluttered away to other hearts. The saying that man is all the better for having enough of the devil iu him to keep out the devil sounds well, doubtless, and cheers many who give place to the spirit of evil ; but God's earth, which sees so much which makes even man mourn, contains also some souls which make angels smile, and among these let it not be believed, as it often is, that woman figures alone. Strong, brave in his outward man Basil White wood was as brave and as strong iu his inner life — that main spring which for want of a more scientific' term we call character. His auger was roused by the sight of injustice, by the knowledge of cruel wrong to others ; but sin did not appear to him in the form of temptation. Perhaps the reason was the close communion which existed between mother and son. Perhaps the wisdom which Mary Whitewood bad learnt through prayer and mental struggles had been inherited iu its first essence by the son who was her life's happiness. Perhaps God makes such men able to live in this unsatisfactory world as a sign that a self -despised race need not altogether despair of future perfection. 'When Mrs. Whitewood said once to one of her married sisters, whose olive 'branches bore strange fruits, that Basil had never given her cause for sor row, Mrs. Smedley had answered : ' Oh, that is what many mothers say, Mary : but you don't suppose, do you, my dear, that Basil con fesses to you. Take my word for it, he's a fine fellow, and no milksop, and, therefore, has his little follies and his little peccadilloes like other young men. It is much better that it should be so.' Mary Whitewood answered nothing, but the next time Ba6il came home, the next time she felt the man's arm round her, and heard his- cheering ' All right, little mother,' her doubts fled away, that smile, that tender gaze of unexpressed love too deep for words, brought back the old certainty that her prayer was answered— God had kept her boy pure and unspotted from the world. Now a little, almost imperceptible, pain had touched her heart. She suddenly saw a new look in her boy's eyes. Often she had thought about the time when he would love ; she had told herself she must leave such an important event to settle itself. Love would come when and where it would come. Basil's wife should be nice-looking — she did not care about great beauty for her — and she should be good and loving, and she, his mother, must resign herself te a second place, or perhaps, for the bond was so close between them, 'to a first place lower down. But now, however, Basil's accident had been very unfortunately timed. It was only since his coming home that she had seen the absent look which de noted to the keen gaze of the mother that a new thought, a new life had crept into her boy's heart. Mary Whitewood never hesitated as to the object, and in that fact lay the pin prick of sorrow. It was Iuez Desallioud. ' The girl is so beautiful, and one sees that she possesses a strong character, but I know nothing about her, she shuns me. If it had been her sister — Hetty — dear gentle, pretty Hetty with her soft eyes and her kind little speeches . . . .' But it was not Hetty she felt sure. Had she been by Basil's side as he followed Inez into the cathedral this morning, no loom for doubt would have been possible. It was Inez. It so happened 'that Basil was placed in the stall just opposite to Inez. It was the very plac.e which ' Neve Quinlan had occupied two years before when he had first noticed the wonderful Spanish-like beauty of the young girl and had been at no pains to hide his admiration. Poor Basil, who knew every feature only too well already, was decidedly tempted to-day to think only of the picture opposite to him. But he was too much of a gentleman to stare at Inez though he was extremely well placed for this fascinating occupation ; so, unlike Neve, he steadily looked away, except at rare intervals when he gave a hasty glance at the perfect face which appeared strangely impassive and quiet, considering the youth of its possessor. Basil was certainly an idealist. Inez was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen, and with the knowledge of this fact he made certain that she was as perfect in every other particular. The quiet man ner aud almost too restrained utterances gave him satisfactory proof that Inez was not an empty headed chatter-box. He had formed a deliciously wise creed about matrimony and the foolishness of the masculine race in marrying pretty dolls ; but his conception of the unsuitable wife could not possibly apply to Inez Desallioud. The one difficulty, the almost invincible obstacle was that this same Inez, this angel too good forearth, could certainly find no attraction in him. He was merely an ordinary hardworking Englishman, and his profession dealing with educational matters must sound very dull to the ears of a girl who was all soul aud all perfection. She ought to marry an artist, or the future Poet Laureate, for he must be walking the earth somewhere. His own ability lay chiefly in great accuracy of knowledge aud great appreciation of talent ; but Inez ought certainly to be allied to geuius. ' After all,' thought Basil, looking at the other side of the medal, ' a genius might be too full of himself, he might neglect her wishes. I wonder what my mother thinks of her now that she has grown into a perfect woman. The youthful spirits have evidently calmed down. No, she is far too beautiful for me. And when she is out of mourning she will go into society, and even here there are several eldest sous looking out for wives. I'm a presuming ass.' Just then he looked across and became conscious of two things, firstly that their eyes met and then that a deep crimson blush overspread her face, and secondly that the choir were singing with unusual pathos ' By the waters of Babylon we sat down and wept when we remembered thee, O Zion.' The shame of having been caught looking, the pleasure of the recognition of his admiration trans lated by that blush, made him try to hide his feelings and to join in the wild wail of the ancient Jew. ' As for our harps ? ' ' Oh for a harp and the power to sing her praises on it,' thought poor Basil, quite regardless of the Jews. When Iuez looked up she felt all the charm of that fair, open-faced Englishman, underneath whose shaded brow the kindest aud gentlest eyes looked at her with that mysterious sympathy which it is so im possible to hide. Then the psalm and its sad well reinembered melody rose up again, clearer, more beautiful than that first time she had heard it here, but with what an altered feeling she now listened to it. Then the Jews had had a few of her sympathetic tears ; now she thought of them, with no religious enthusiasm ; their mourning was based on strange superstition, and reasons for their misfortune crowded into her historically well- stocked brain ; but all at once the other face, Neve Quinlan's face, flashed before her. It was this which caused that painful blush to come. How. could she have done that thing '?? She remembered her two letters to him. Had he torn up the one he had received ? Why had he not received the other r Oh, yes, lost letters were rare, but what would she give to get the first one back. . . ' As for our harps. . . . . . .' Yes, her harp was silent now, she had hung it up —it was mute. ' When I strike it. again I shall be prepared to be heard in a nobler cause than that of the Jews. How could I have been so foolish. How could I ? ' She only woke up to the outside world when Bhe was walking home with her grandfather and Basil Whitewood again by her side. How very disagreeable it was to be reminded so forcibly of the past, aud yet how different this man was to that other. But he was speaking, and she must attend. ' My mother is expecting a friend who is - a musician of the first order, I believe,' said Basil. ' Will you and your sister come and dine with us in thd evening ? it is no party.' 'We never both leave grandfather alone,' she answered, 'but I dare say Hetty will be delighted, she is so fond of Mrs. Whitewood.' Inez had regained her composure and spoke in her usual clear, soft voice where so little interest could be discerned. Basil was horribly disappointed. ' Perhaps you could come in later. You are fond of music.' ' Yes, passionately fond, but we never had advan tages, and since I nave been at school I- could not take up 4 the usual accomplishments,' as Mrs. EUis called the fine arts. They were, however, very un usual in her establishment.' ' Youlike perfection, I see.' ' Yes, one can work on that hope.' Inez lifted her head proudly, she felt she was walking along with tie banner of freedom in her hand. ' My dear Inez, I wish you could persuade the gardener that weeds are unsightly,' put in the Cauon. ' I am getting old, Whitewood, and little things annoy me more than they did formerly. Come in and see my new treatise on the ' Abacus of various Nations.' ' But Basil excused himself and walked away— he wanted Inez, not information on the abacus. Chapter XI.— A DINNER PARTY. Direct not him whose way himself doth choose. Canou Whitewood wrote a great deal about all kinds of Church lore for the Church papers and maga zines. He was very erudite and very reliable in his information. These publications were always glad to have his -articles, for they displayed both learning aud au entire absence of personal bias, which was very convenient for selling purposes, aud gave offence to no man. Facts are facts, and you can draw vari ous and contradictory conclusions. Canon White wood was very happy when he was left to enjoy the pleasures of the pen in his own comfortable Btudy. Canon Findlay was silently shocked at the elderly Canon's lax ideas as to attendances at the morning service. For three months each of the canons was bound to attend, bat if they had not ' high ' views they might spend the rest of their life where they pleased. Unless going about the diocese on hie Bishop's business, Canou Findlay was never absent from his stall, or, as his wife expressed it, 'There was one hour in the day when one was cartain of Charles's whereabouts.' She meant certain of his absence. When Basil entered bis home situated close to the Cathedral, and possessing a lovely garden with a view — though somewhat too near a one — of the grey Cathedral, he found his mother sitting near the fire with a book on her lap. She did not often go out in the morning, having much to do within doors and no daughter to help her. The book was open on her lap. Evidently she was not reading very in dustriously. Basil came up to her. His arm was still in a sling, and it gave him a touch of helplessness which made his mother very watchful over him. ' Well, dear, you have not taken your usual walk.' Then she added quickly, ' Did you give my message to the Desalliouds ? ' There came a little stab to her heart, but she resolutely took no notice of her own feelings. ' Yes, Miss DesaUioud is coming ; Miss Inez will not leave her grandfather. The old Canon looks hale and hearty, doesn't he ? ' ' Yes, he is certainly one of the most remarkable of old men.' ' Who will go out with his grand-daughters when they are out of mourning. Their lives must be extremely dull just now.' 'Dull! You men do not guess at half our re sources,' and Mrs. Whitewood placed her hand in Basil's laree right hand. It was so strong and firm as he clasped her delicate Augers. ''Yours are endless, mother, but where am I to find another you ? ' Another little sharp pang. The mother's eyes could see by the earnest look in the dear face before her that he was thinking of another woman. She had lived in such happy security lately, and she had dreamt of this asof that ' future,' which is very faroff and need not be taken into consideration. However, she bravely stilled the throb of jealousy. She knew it was that, though the word sounded hateful, and she conquered the silence which waB Mary White - wood's strongest sign of dissent. But no one noticed her heroism. ' Yes, Basil, the other ' me ' will come to you some day.' Her silent sacrifice was not without its reward. Basil's whole heart thanked her for Baying this. ' Isn't it a wonderful thought ? ' The softest sigh escaped her lips. That sigh meant some lost happiness which she had never enjoyed. ' Yes, a wonderful thought.' ' It makes one wonder how such happiness is possible on earth. It can hardly happen to one self.' ' Basil! — If only I could be sure- — ' He laughed, and, unclasping her hand gently, put his hand over her mouth. ' I know what you are going to say. You have only one fault. You are partial. It is such a common vulgar error. We settled that before.' They both laughed now. ' Well, I don't often praise you. May I be allowed to say that you must let me help you, my boy.' ' Of course, mother.' She waited a moment, but he did not continue. Her soul was longing for his confidence on this sub ject, and he did not—she understood, he could not — give it to her. The subject was too sacred to be spoken of at all yet. Still she forced herself to continue. She had the courage now ; it might fail her at another time. Besides, surely now it was not too late to warn him. ' It is very difficult for men to understand us women.' l- That is a little feminine fiction which I am sorry to destroy. Men are not so blind as they appear to ' Magnifiers magnify beauty as well as ugliness.' ' But they keep the same proportion throughout.' ' A false conclusion, however, and after . . . marriage the glasses are changed.' ' You don't think that, I am sure.' ' I am afraid it is often true, but I don't want your point of view to alter.' ' Don't be afraid, little mother. Besides my point of view is at present in cloud laud.' They changed the' conversation by that common consent which often ends an intimate talk. ' Your arm is better.' ' Yes, I shall be all right by Christmas, and then I shall have to make up for this long holiday.' ' It is very nice having you at home again. Oh, very nice ! Mothers of only sons go through a great deal.' ' Few only sons have such a mother. Now I'm off to read through some of those books for the Literary Gazette.'1'' ' Let me see them.'.' Mary Whitewood had kept up as much as she could with. Basil's pursuits. She had a delicate critical faculty which the son de lighted to call forth. From right lustinct guided by study and by Basil, she seldom erred in her judg ment. ' A batch of minor poets. They are very perse vering these singers who cannot even send the hat round.' ' They certainly work for love.' How stupid she was to recur to that idea; she saw that Basil changed colour a little. il Love, without hope of reward ; then I'll deal mercifully with them,' and still smiling he went off to his own den. Mrs. Whitewood remained by the fire thiuking deeply over the conversation. She had not found the courage to say, ' I know - you mean Inez DesaUioud. She is not the wife you should take. Why not love Hetty, so good, so gentle, and nearly as pretty. I can't understand that other girl, she has not had a good bringing up I tear.' If Basd had not been in question Mary Whitewood ' would have tried to draw the girl out, she would have opened her loving arms to her and done her best to gain her confidence, but with Basil here, what could she do? It was not to bethought of, not for a moment. Then in her secret soul she felt glad Hetty was coming tliat evening to hear the music, and that Inez would not be there. Perhaps in order to punish her for that secret satis faction Inez came and Hetty stayed at home. So contrary are the ways that appear to govern the world. Nothing on earth would have made Mary show her disappointment, and in truth, when Inez entered the room, dressed iu a very plain soft black dress so little open as to barely show the base of a perfectly formed suow white neck, the girl's beauty appeared all the more startling because of this studied sim plicity. When Inez had shaken hands with, the quiet elderly Canon and with Basil, when she had intro duced to Mrs. Meltah the musical genius, and when the customary pause before dinner came, Mary, from her corner, quietly gazed at Inez to try and pene trate the girl's reserve. The mother's eves noted Basil's studious politeness to Mrs. Mellish, but she was sure from the look iu his face that he was straining every nerve to hear the ordinary words that fell from the hps of the girl in answer to his father's remarks. CanonjWhitewood's conversation, like his writing, was full of learning and devoid of origin ality. Inez's face showed plainly enough her pas sive want of interest. But Mary could see clearly the occasional flash of the beautiful blue eyes, with their faraway look cf still passion and of strange depth. It was like look ing into a deep well, over whose surface-water a blue reflection from the skies gives a transient impression of loveliness, making one forget the unexplored depth where much may be hid. What was passing in this girl's heart ? Basil saw only the blue reflec tion, but Mary Whitewood experienced a strange shiver as she gazed. 'This girl is not the wife for my Basil. He is so good, so true, so open, so unin fluenced by evil, even when he knows of its existence. No, no, she must not be Basd's wife. Hetty would make him happy, but ? ' Then in her heart Mary Whitewood used the eacred words which to her represented the strength of her belief, '? Let this cup pass from me.' She looked down, and as if in answer to her words there was heard a still, small voice, 'Why should not Love conquer, even as the black darkness of the earth was conquered by it when the Cross of Calvary was lifted up?' And she answered ' Yes, love could conquer, but not Basil's love — not his, for such love must accept pain.' Dinner was announced, Canon Whitewood gave his arm to Mrs. Mellish, and Basil's happy moment was come at last. He felt the soft hand on his arm, but so soft so utterly careless was the touch that the most ardent lover could have construed no reciprocal admiration in it. ' I am so glad you came,' said Basil, whose open nature could never learn the art of fencing. ' Hetty was so much disappointed, but she has a cold, and her colds have to be taken care of.' ' Yes, my mother was saying, that laBt winter there was some idea of sending Miss Desallioud abroad.' ' Hetty would not go, because it was farther from me.' ' I don't wonder at that,' said Basil. ' My aunt separated us ' added Inez in the same calm tone, 'and I can never forgive her for it.' Basil smiled, he could not believe Inez really meant this. 'You enjoyed all that time of study, didn't you. The fame of your success came here.' ' It was nothing. I should have preferred going to College, but my Aunt Emma had narrow pre judiced views about everything. However, I made one friend at Mrs. Ellis's, whose friendship compen sated me for everything at Girton. Besides she was very, very clever, our schoolgirl minds were mere nothings to hera.' 'Indeed — what was her name.' 'She is a German — Marie Hirsch — she corresponds with some of the very cleverest German professors.' ' I should be afraid of her.' Inez looked up at him and caught his smile. Her lips just curled a little in scorn. ' You are very clever I know. That Educational Board has only first class men, but the English education is narrow, very narrow.' ' Yes, you might add all over education is narrow ing. Even those mentally over- fed German Pro fessors are narrow in the dogmatic views.' ' But we have to go to them if we want accurate and special knowledge on every subject Then English people turn round and call them narrow.' Inez spoke decidedly, and though her voice was low the youthful enthusiasm was plainly audible. Basil thought her ten times more charming than before. ' With all their learning their country by no means enjoys the same freedom as ours.' Freedom ! How could Mr. Whitewood use that word so lightly. -'You speak merely of men's laws and men's mistakes, but the German -mind is free, and that is the real test of freedom. Here we are ruled by custom.' ' Not a bad ruler in some instances. It saves one the trouble of thinking too much.' Again Basil smiled. The discussion interested him because it was carried on by Iuez and himself. Otherwise he had just that touch of passive scorn about women's opinions which clings to the best of the masculine race. He allowed women their freedom iu every direction, but he reserved the right not to esteem their deductions too highly. This was part of his manly simplicity which, viewing all subjects broadly, arrived at a true but a simple conclusion, which was, however, merely one side of the square of result. Inez was too much filled with scorn for this easy going thinker to reply, and the conversation was soon appropriated by Canon Whitewood. Mary had quietly continued her observation. Her heart gave a leap of joy when she noticed that there was not a shade of flirtation in the girl's manner. Basil was evidently nothing to her, and as evidently the mother, who knew every line of her son's face, knew that Basil was dreaming his first love dream. ' She will refuse him and Basil will suffer, but he will be saved a life of disappointment. Oh, I hope so !' Mary's heart sank a little. She saw so clearly she could help this on, or she could almost destroy it. If she hblped it on because Basil wished it she might be preparing for him future misery. If she tried to kill the love or prevent it blossoming Basil might some day reproach her — the mother who loved him so passionately — for ruining his life. Was hers in either case to be the hand to inflict a blow? When the ladies went into the drawing-room Mary Whitewood still poudered in her heart, but with the gentlest hand she led Iuez to a comfortable seat ' You look tired, Inez, I may call you so, though we have seen so little of you. Are you working too hard ? Mrs. Mellish, this young lady is what one of the Dean's daughters calls'' a deep-blue stocking.' ' Mrs. Mellish was as ignorant of belles-lettres as it was possible to be, considering she was much in re quest in society for her musical attainments. To her mind this lovely girl was wasting her energies. Could she sing or play ? ' No. I can play very little, and I can sing simple \ airs. I do neither in company. We are too much enlightened now.' *' We all have our various gifts,' said the lady, looking at Inez, and thinking ' her gift is to marry well. Ah ! by the way, of course, Mrs. Whitewood will make a match between her and her son. The girl has money perhaps.' The father and son soon followed, ancient usages were de rigueur with Canon Whitewood ; what had been must be J Then he sat down in his particular armchair and Mrs. Mellish played. Inez clasped her hands and drank in a ballad in A flat, by Chopin. Mrs. Mellish did not move the keys; she painted music deliciously on the piano. Mary, who could not help watching Inez, saw the girl's face change, the whole expression softened. Certainly Inez could love if she could be thus touched by music. This was one of Mary's little original discoveries. Basil was also very fond of music This was a bond, indeed. He was a very fair musician, and he sat down aud played some simple airs of Mendelssohn, because his father liked old things. ' Chopin and those modern men,' said the Canon, ' are taking away common seuee — give me the old masters, who know their business.' ' There's evolution in art, sir, as well as in science.' *' Deterioration, Basil.' '?Is there no such thing as progress r' Baid Mrs. Mellish, who, if there were; knew nothing of it. ' Have we beaten the classical 'writers ? Progres is not possible after perfection.' '? The Jews seem to show us possibilities of stand ing still,' said Mary, who always agreed with her husband when it was possible. ' Just so ; look at their Halakha and their Hag gada?' ' Yes,' said Mrs. Mellish as the Canon turned towards her. She was not sure if it were a national dish, clothing, or literature. ' Most of it is stereotyped nousense, however ; progress is far removed from them.' The word Jews made Inez blush almost uncon sciously ; she remembered her morning thoughts, and she broke in forgetting her usual calmness. ' But their enemies have progressed. The French were the first to declare all men, even Jews, were born equal.' The Canon could hardly believe the heresy coming from the lips of a young lady. 'Born equal, humph, certainly Christianity taught that many years ago, but ? ' ' It had not taught it in Spaiu, Portugal and Russia,' added Iuez, the colour still rising. The Canon disliked learned ladies. ' Like Chopin's music they were an evil outcome of the tunes, meaning, of course, the evil times of a generation not his own. ' The world has yet to prove that by injudicious relaxing of laws, which were the outcome of expe rience, it is benefiting mankind. The Jews have ^everywhere brought misery to other nations, and some restraint may be necessary to keep them in due bounds.' '? We say it is necessary for our own selfish ends,' said Inez iu a low voice, which remark Mary White wood covered over by the offer of a cup of coffee. Basil wore a quiet smile of amusement, aud was happy aud satisfied. Happinees indeed it was when Inez rose to go and he could offer to accompany her. The moon was light iug the Close when the two stepped out, the trees were interlacing their bare branches. Inez had thrown a black shawl round her head and shoulders, for there was but a drive to walk down and then to cross the Close in the great shadow ? of the Cathedral. It was silent and weird. The sigh of tired ages seemed to bfi heard falling softly around the present. The Cathedral had stood there so long, and the ancient religion it represented and which gathered about itself so many controversies, here laid them all to rest in the arms of old custom. Basil and Inez were silent. The first because love filled him with an ecstatic wonderment, so new and marvellous seemed this strange absorption in a human being of whom he knew so little, and the second because the young disciple of freedom experienced just a little regret that her youthful religious ardour was gone. The shadow in which she trod seemed merely superstitious, but . once it had been holy ground to her, and at 20 years old zeal canuot en tirely kill poetry. Basil broke the silence. ' I am always hoping to meet the ghost who walks here close to your house, but so far I have been dis appointed.' ' It wants a great deal of faith to see a ghost, I suppose. I am sure I never shall.' Basil thought this remark charming. He had no sympathy with feminine weakness. That was not his beau ideal of woman.; he did not admire the eternal feminine under that shape. ' I am not one of the most hardened unbelievers in spirits,' he said. ' These old towns have the right to some remains of the quaint ideas which once agitated them. The monk who walks here must still feel he treads on familiar ground.' ' Of course there was crime connected with him, aud he paces this walk to expiate his Bins. But why should one be singled out of so many.' ' Why do popular superstitions exist at all ? ' ' To show there is some work for us to do in de stroying them.' Basil laughed. ' You are an iconoclast, Miss Desallioud ; but I have a sneaking affection for legends and for vulgar superstitions.' 'Oh!' ' I did not contradict a man who was driving me about in the wilds of Yorkshire when he more than half believed that he, and people he knew, had seen the ' little folks.'' ' I should have proved to him that ? ' ' And destroyed the only poetry possible to him.' ' Truth must be better than fiction.' The way was all too short. They had reached the front door of Canon Haybittle's house, and Bnsil was forced to ring the bell. Here he blessed the laggard steps of the butler, as he had at least one last opportunity of looking at Inez. Her face was turned a little towards the great grey walls that towered so close by them, whilst the leafless branches interlaced their bare arms against the grey back ground, giving one a strange feeling of opposing forces of nature and art. . So it seemed to Inez, the stones spoke as if of wasted energy in man and the trees of self-directed energy. Nothing was complicated to her but the blind wilfulness of the highest animal — man. She was not going to betray her thoughts to one of the race who, however apparently good and noble, was not a free agent, but was still bound by the heavy hand of custom and superstition. She shivered a little as she stood there waiting for the door to be opened. ' You are cold,' said Basil, aud ali his tone altered. He was.not now discussing au amusing ab stract idea, but something that touched him closely. She could not help being struck with the change in his voice, and she turued away from the Cathedral and looked at him. Then Neve Quinlan's ' My de;ir child ' flashed back upon her memory, and she re coiled. A burnt child dreads the fire, says the pro verb, and wounded affection that has become but a bitter recollection starts at the least touch. Then recovering herself, Inez felt that these two men wer j as the poles apart; but by this time, the old butler arrived, and there was only time for the matterof fact hand shaking and the ' good-n-ght.' Itsounde 1 like sweet music in Basil's ears, especially as therj was just a softer touch in Inez's voice than he ha I yet heard. In reality it was merely that she was thus begging his pardon for comparing him with f. o man she hated. One look ac Basil's face was bouid to dispel any idea of falseness and treachery tut might be lurking in her heart towards the wlnle masculine race. But love was bondage in the girl's eyes. To l-v a man and to become his wife was to beco:ne hi slave. Marie Hirsch had said so. (To be continued.) 