Miscellaneous, : Somo of our best .'.literary men do try to \yrito a play for tho abtunl stago to day, and when thoy do' not succeed thoy shrug tlieir shouldbr s aud say to .their, friends, ' There ! -You see what si .contemptible thing ' pldy 'writing.ia J How absolutely it is boneath :thb cbutoinpt of any self -rosiJeotiug man of lqttoi1s.'-;-Ninotoentli Centuiy. ' ' Popularity is no tost of tbo best .teaching. What oeoms :' pleasant aud easy, .tho lecturo which scoins to tell everything, the class which seoms at puce to load to success, is not the teaohiug which calls out' effort and sends away. .tho studqut eagorly and liumbly to bogin tojctirn. Tho best is still taught in parables,' and tho Sibyl still comes oifering books hard to rend. Thoy who would have joy and hope— rwh'i, .that is, would outer into, life ' must take the -kingdom by foroo arid lcnrn by effort.— Now Reviow. ' . . Wo imist riovpr forgot that tho oud of pun- ; ishmorit is to punish. A prison sliould-.niot ' boa hell; but. it fiiils of its pnrpbs'd'ifitiis too plodsaut for a purgatory. 'Is' it ' just or' coiisistont to; fella1 man' ' Thou slinlt'^ot BtdrtV, overi to get thy dinrior,' and nf tpr;'and- because he 'has stolon, to'' seo.' that ho has a, gbod.'diriudr ? Is it right for tho tax'payor -to ^ feed' .a'niscalfotho limit of his appetite', \yhilo so 'many- houpst men go evory night Mipporless tombed 1 Does this tend to make .vicb odious, or to breed iwdrouoo for tho law? — C..J. Bdriaparto. ' ' . Looko, in his shaptor on Liberty, says that it.is.ii contemptiblo freedom whioh' only en ables ii ' man ? to1 play ;thb, fool: ; And a look rpundahpuld cpnyiuco iisthntit is a froedom' ,ci; thp'kicd wliich1 ho stigmatLses' to w'hioh program, haXbrpu^ht ui; ;3^obody will submit'; himself to anothor; our whole lives are taken up with interminable discussion: and nothing, groat or small, can bo regarded as determined or established.— Blackwood. As a man walks about tho street, or stands in a crowd at an ' At Home.' Millsiis will show him to us full of life and spirit Ho has nover read tlir; inner life of a ihmii as Watts ban done. ' ConVst. pas pon melii-r' it may bo doubted whether hn believes that thore is an inner life h, road. A food donl Of Lord Miicaulay's ' cocksuroness ' luniks about his renderings of humanity ; they nro singularly untroubled by doubts or limita tions. Porliaps the strongest quality of tho pictures is ono which ix 'scarce sufHoicntly recognised— a certain dignity of manhood. ,-i relleotiou probably from the painter's own character.— Harry Quiller. Evory poetic writer of any ago precedent to our own has now a chance of popularity ? often a vory much better chance than ho possessed during his own lifetime. Scarcely a poot, from Ohaucer downwards, vemnins inedited. The imitative lyrist who, in a paroxysm of inspiration, ivroto one good sonnet under the sway of James I. , but was never recognised as a poot cvon by his riends, rojoices now in a portly quarto, and lives for the first timo The order of nature js reversed, and those who wore only ghosts ?in the seventeenth century come back to us othed in literary vitality. In the great -throng 'f resuscitated souls, all of whom . have forfeited thoir copyright, how is thp mbdernpbot to exist P— Edmund Qos.e.. :;- ?., I must corifess that as a good Philistine,!' ; : often felt-, and hopo I profited- by thofe'elihgi' ' that Matthew Arnold in the old Oulturocon-.y ?: trovoiray had pierced me to the quick, arid I nibmitted to his oastigatipris as'I have had to ''? submit to the probirig;s of ;a'. dentist: 'I'fcnew they woro for my good. And I of ten wished, Imustalso confess,. that 1 too -had a -little sweetness arid light that I might, be able to , say such nasty things of my nriemies.— Leslie 'Stephen. ' ' '.. ?? ?.?? y:..y;yy; ???? :-'? ;?' .?';..???? -, ' :/:-?;/? :-:y.:' :..-.;. In many ways Dr. Tyridall was one of tho most characteristip figures of his time, oven if ho somotimo represented its foible as well as its forlo. .A man of wide knowledge and wide interest, a hard player as well as a hard worKer, poles asunder from the popular con? coption of a savant as a recluso who only leaves his study to take a walk iri goldshbs on the pavement, he took, at least as long as health: was granted, most things ' ?with a :?- frolic welciame,' and tliose which ho could riot welcome in a hearty posture of fight. Others in different classes, or oven in his own class, may have had deeper or subtler. ' intellectual insight, a purer style, a greater knowledge of literature and other non- scien- tific things. But few had a healthier, a more : vigorous, or a kindlier spirit, and very few indeed had such a. gift of easily-understood exposition in a day when all things are sup- ' posed to be capable of being expounded to the people.— Saturday Seview. One of the most talked-6f novels of , the season, 'The Heavenly Twin';' is the work of a woman whose mariusoripts were returned to her by publishers for many years with un failing regularity. She: would not bo dis couraged, and at last, in ?-.' sending out onco moro an often-returned story, she opened her Bible in search of a coinforting text and. tost Her eyes fell upon the vorse :' The stone which the builders,, refused is become the headstone of the corner.^' She accepted the token; the manuscript this time was taken ; ; and published'; iiad Sarah Grand had mads her first Btart in literature.— Now - York Tribune; ;'-:''' '??? '. -? ''.':.' : . : '?'?'. ;; '-:. : 