CHAPTER VI. IN THE INTEREST OF SCIENCE. I reached my room safely without meet ing anyone except one of the demure middle-aged women servants, who glided about the house, and got in our way occa sionally, and hurried with break-neck speed into my dress-clothes. I spent very little time before my looking-glass that evening, and even debarred myself the pleasure of wrangling over my white tie l was anxious to reach the drawing-room as early as I could. As 1 opened my door and stepped forth hurriedly, I stumbled over a little grey clad figure waiting patiently outside. “ 1 beg your pardon—why, nurse ! ’ She took hold of my arm, and drew me forcibly away down the corridor.. “ Quick !” she cried. “ Mrs Ormond is dead or dying. Come to her.” We traversed the deserted corridors and dark passages until we reached the west wing, and then 1 stood by the bedside and looked down pityingly, regretfully into the peaceful dead face of Gregory Ormond’B murdered wife. “The villains! The villains!” I muttered passionately, and the little nurse gazed into my face with mute questioning ' “ Tea, she is dead,’ I replied, and for1 tbe first lime to my knowledge the brave! little woman broke down completely, and,1 flinging herself beside the bed, wept bitterly. I gazed moodily at them both, the dead woman wish her wasted face beautiful by death, and her living, breath ing siscer mourning fur her loss. Presently Norse Kate arose and idried her eyes reso lutely. Now I am ready," she said; “ what am: I to do ?” “Are your nerveB steady I asked. “ Perfectly—see,” holding out two steady little hands, which I promptly seized in. mine, and held fast and close. “ Well, I want yon to i un down to the west lodge, and tell two men yon will find waiting there to come up to tbe Hall at once. It will not take yon ten minutes, and when yon return get one of the women servants to help you with your poor patient. Can yon do this ?” “ Yes,” she replied, “ but, doctor, what are yon going to do with her—murderers ?" “ Deliver them over to justice/’ I said, eternly. “ Now, dear, wrap up and ran away as quickly as yon can.” I still held her hands, reluctant to let them out of my grasp, then I oent and kissed ihe soft white fingers tenderly. *‘ Dear, brave little Nurse Kitty?’’ I cried. When I entered the drawing-room Borne fifteen minutes, later 1 found Ormond and the Professor tbe centre of a group of bril liant men and women. 1 walked straight np to them, and stood facing the two murderers. Ormond glanced carelessly at me and the Professor smiled kindly. “ What is the matter. Jack, yun look white and harassed. Have yon seen a ghost 1" •- No,” I answered coldly and distinctly, “bat 1 have juat looked upon tbe dead face of a murdered woman.. Gregory Ormond, your wife is dead, and I accuse yon and yonr clever scientific accomplice, Professor Wag stafia, of her death." 1 glanced toward the open door as I auoke lonaly and distinctly, and the two officers from Scotland Yard came in and advanced towards us. Some of the ladies screamed, some fainted. Beatrice Stanley stood perfectly still, livid to the lips, with a great horror in her hand some eyes, and the men looked white and frightened. “ We arrest yon in the Queen’s name for >the murder of Charlotte Qrmond.” . Gregory atood mqte and still ’ Beneath the .iron grasp of one of the officers, a terrible calmness upon his ghastly face; bat the : Professor lightly shook off his man’s hand and walked toward me, smiling blandly as usual. "My dear Doctor,” he laid, “this ia un kind of yon, It was all ia the interest of science. I mnrdefed the unhappy young .woman if you like, I do not deny it, I .do not regret it, 1 would io it again and agaln to gijin the knowledge I have gained. It is a beautiful thing, a noble poison; shall I ex plain it to yon? Ah I you shrink, and you’re a doctor, too. Fie I Why, doctor, if I liked I could kill yon then aa yon stand. 1 could hypnotise you to death ; there is no limit to science and madirrimi. Shall I hyp notise yon ?” 1 waved him off frantically aa he advanced nearer, and I heard Stanley’s voloe at the back of me laying • “ Just as I thought, mad as a March hare and I bww that the little man was right. I t knew that this grievous sin had been op» mitted by a madman, in the interest cf science. I turned away with a groan, sick at heart, and curaing myself for my blindness. ‘ Take-care of him,” I whispered to the officer, ‘the is mad, pcor old man.” At that moment Beatrice Stanley’s honor and astonishment found voice ; walking un steadily to her brother, she said hsskily: “Is this true? Have you murdered Charlotte?” Ha returned her gazs with wild haggard eyes, and whispered : “ It was for her sake, Beatie." As ha spoke he withdrew his Angora from his breast, where they had been lightly rest ing daring the whole of the painful scene, and the next instant a sharp report rang throngh the room. A woman’s shriek followed, and Gregory Ormond fell backwards into his sister’s arms, shot through the heart. It was on Christmas Day, onr last say at Ormond Hall. We had followed poor Char lotte Ormond .to her grave, and. now Btood side by side mentally bidding good-bye to the silent, deserted Hall. I had promised to escort the little grey nurse back to the arms of her grey Bisters and the shelter of a. well-known institution in London, and in the morning we were going to tarn oar backs on the old place for The guests had all taken their departure, Beatrice Stanley remained shat up ill her room, the Professor had been "removed to a private asylum, and Gregory Ormond lay cold and still la the darkened room awaiting his burial. ■ 1 glanced at the girl at my side as we stood by the drawing-room window overlook ing the snowy grounds. She was pale and heavy-eyed, and weary little lines of pain showed ronnd the corners of her sweet month. “ You look tired,” I said tenderly ; “ you will be glad of a rest.” “ Yes,” she answered dnamily, “ I shall be glad of a rest.” “ Never mind, this is your last case, little one,” I said cheerfully, ” no more haunted houses or poisoning cases for you.” “ I hope not,” she replied gravely, regard ing me with soft troubled eyes ; “ but I shall ba ready for any ca9e our matron cares to send me to.” Oh no, you will not, my pretty little grey nurse," 1 answered coolly. I shall have a voice in that. Don’t.yon know that-you are to belong to me from henceforth 1” . I pnt my arms ronnd her and drew her to me. “ Yon are to tell yonr matron to-morrow .hat I wish you to resign. I am to be yonr patient for the fntnre, wiii yon take care ci me, Kitty?" And for answer Bhe softly kissed me. [THE ENr.]. 