{CHILDREN'S COLUMN. UNCLE HARRY'S LETTER. No. XXIV. My Very Dear Nephews and NieceB—I sup pose tliot as this letter is to appear in out "Special Christmas Number," it is only right that it should be of ft Christmassy character. Weil, I don't think it will be a very difficult matter for me to write about Christmas, for I am one of those who thoroughly believe m and enjoy this " festive season," as it :a generally called. I can say with Scrooge's nephew, " I have always thought of Christmas time when it has come round—apariSepul the veneration due to its sacred name and origin, if anything belonging to it can be apart from that—as a good time; a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time; the only time I know of in the long calendar of the year, when men and women seetn by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely, and to think of people below them as if they really were fellow- travellers to the grave, and not another race of creatures bound on other journeys. And therefore I believe it hat done good, and will do good, and so I say with all my heart ' God blesB it!' " Have you read that wonderful "Ghost Story of Christmas," by Charles Dickens entitled "A ChriBtmas Carol," from whioh I have just quoted? If not, then do so as soon as possible. You oan get it in a sixpenny edition, but it is worth its Sroight in gold. Every time I read it I wish so rnuob that every one else could read it too. And yet, bow very difforent is the Christmas time we theie read about from that whioh we have hero. We read in the opening of the story—"It was cold, bleak, biting weather, foggy withal, and the people outside wont —heeling up and dowu, boating their arms upon their brcastB and stamping tbeir feet upon the pavement stones to warm thorn. The city clocks had only just gone 3, but it was quite dark already — it had not been really light all day—and candles were liaring in the windows of the offices like ruddy Bir.eara upon the palpable brown air. The fog came pouring in at every chink and keyhole, and to see the dingy cloud oome down, ob scuring everything, one might have thought that Nature was waning on ft large scale,'' Now, just compare that vividly written de scription with the daya of sweltering, stifling heat that we have lately bad (perhaps are having as you read this letter} and you will then understand how vastly different an English Christmas is from ours so far as weather goes. Would you like to hear about the first Christmas I spent in England? I hare to look baok seventeen years, and yet I oan remember it so well. I had gone to bed full of excitement, as youngsters do at suob times, and lay awak® for a long time listening to the quarter chimes from a neighbouring oburota tower. What nay dreams were about when I at went to sleep I don't remember* but I half-waked on hearing music that seemed angelio initseweet neaB. My iirst thought as I Bat bolt upright in bed was —"Am I in heaven?" And then, alter rubbing my eyes a little more, I oould make out the familiar objects in the room* ana I knew that I was not in heaven yet. But the tnueio? Well, it stopped just then, as though at the end of a verse, and eo I listened " with all iny ears" to oatcb the words aud tune as soon as it began again. Ab, I knew it at once, for had we not sung it in church a morning or two before? It was that grand old tunc called " Yorkshire, and the hymn was "Christians awake, salute the b*p .y morn." Then I knew it was the Church choristers who were singing in front of our house, and the wordB "Carol singers came to my mind as I hastily jumped out of bed and began excitedly to dress. You see. dear children, I had often read about* waits and " carol singers" going about very early on Christmas morning; but I had the most hazy notion in regard to them. I only knew that it was one of the sweetestsurpriaefll have ever had in uiy life, and to this day I oan re member the thrills of delight that ^atne ever me as I listened. Then came the further ex citementof pro vidinghot coffee and pake for the singers; and I remember what a picture they made—juitlikesomany "IfatberOhrisfcmases' —with their furs andgreatooatssprinkled with j a slight fall of snow, and then- faoei all I rosy and beaming. Of course there was very | little more sleep for me that night, end for a long time I eat wrapped in a big rug, and looked from the window at the fairyland Bceno , outside. It was bright moonlight, and'the | stars seemed unusually brilliant, and the snow fall was just enough to "pejjper" (perhapB I should say soft) everything with white. Then, j every now and again I could hear very faintly the strains of the town band as they played Christmas airs from place to place. It was the usual thing to "poke fun at this B&me; band when they performed in publio (gene rally ab football or orioket matoheBh for it was mostly composed of factory lads, woo had bat little time for practic*. But as I listened to them so early that Christmas morning I re solved to never again disparage their perfor mances. Well, ohildren, I have taken up more time than I intended in telling you this little reminisoenoe. Consequently, 1 wiUhave { to shorten tbe remaining portion of my letter. Far. with all the fun oad excitement that you j will be having this week, you won't feel in clined for a long letter from m6, will you ? 'Well, dears, I only wish, in conclusion, to give ; you a reoipe for spending a Merry Christmas. There ie a time of all others, I suppose, when "recipes" are inQBt enquired for; and so it is : quite the properthing for me to give you one, isn't it ? And remember, this is a recipe for a Merry Christmas—not just a "happy" or a "joyous" one, as some folk prefer to say. I remember, oh, to well,_ what a chill I once received at this time of all others over the use of that word Merry. I was staying that Obristmaa with an aunt of mine, who, though not an "old maid," had much of thoBe qualities that are ^generally attributed to them, such as an exceptional fondness for neatness and quiet, and therefore not quite the best one to sympathize with a noisy and untidy sohoolboy. On Christmas morning I oame bursting into the breakfast room with " Merry Christmas, Auntie 1 "A happy Christmas, my boy, if you please." Well, it wasn't muoh, perhaps, so far as words go, but somehow it seemed to dampen my Christmas spirits, just like the eun going suddenly behind a oloud. Now, I want you, my bright young "Sunbeams,]' to spend a merry Christmas—merry, that is, in the beat sense of the word. And this ie the recipe for it:—Do all you oan to help all those you know to spend a Merry Christmas, and you may hesure that your aim willbeas merry as heart oould desire. I oould easily "spin out" this reoeipe to any length, but it is long enough, and if you want it shorter still, it can be summed up m one word—Unselfishness. In ' trying to make others happy we shall find the truest happiness ourselves, and the best of all enjoyment is, I think, in finding it for others. At any rate, let that be our aim this Ohristmastide, and then when it is all over, I am sure you will have spent a truly Merry j Christmas. That you may every one do so is the heart-1 felt wish of Aunt Sophie, CouBins Bessie and Bertie, and Your ever loving Ukclr Harhy. The acknowledgment of contributions was inadvertently omitted from last week's Observer, Contributions as per enroIment-list=lSs. 8d. Members of "Pansy" S.C. per Carrie Potts—Nellie Handall, 2il.; EdieGray, jd.; Julia McGorrn, Id.; < Annie, id.; AliceGiUibrind, Id.; Lucy, Id.; Tillies I Fischer, Id.; Ethel Cole. 1(1.-11 <1\. Members of "Baru&do;" S.C., psr Elsie McDonald—Florrle Brinkwottb, 3d.; Agnes Fransechy, 2d.; Julius, 2d.; Mary Ferry, Id.; Mary Ilowie, 3d.; Susie, 3d.; Lena, 3>.; Edith Jones, 2d.; May, Id,; l'bcresa I Kr&nz;, la id.; Fred Laisson, fid.; Percy, 3d.; Ethel See, id.; lizzie, id.; Tom, id.; Robert, id.; I Elliot MacDonild, Is. 7d.; Elma, id.; Elsie, 5(1.; Eva Bundle, Id.; Edith. Id.; Joanna William', 2d.; ; Nellie, 2d.; John Waucliope, ld.=Ss Jessie Riley, 3d.; Vera Green, 2d.; Dorothy, 2d.; Kffie Newman, 1 1b. ; Lilv, is ■ Hettie Pavia, 2d.; Dudley Sinclair, 3d.; Hyacinth Bowley, 2d.; George McKay, Id.; Max Gjedsted, 3d.; tftie Mcgregor, 3d.; Gertrude . Berg, 3d.; Gertia Craigie, Is. 6d.; Winnie Bungle sod, Of.; Otto Lindstrom, is.; Florrie, 1». =Ss. | Olive Beszley, per Miss I, N. Twiss, 2d.; Lucie, i Ivy, and Frank Peach and Jack and Harry Whison, per Elsie McDonald, Id. each; May Jacob's money- . box, is. Od."2s. Id. Bazaar at Cnley, £5 Bi.--£,6 i 17s. ed. Previou ly acknowledged, £16 Cs. 81. Total amount to date, £23 is. 2d. j 