cr/ra ? , , EENSHAW FIMING'S QUEST. By BERTRAM MTTFOBD, Author of 'The Gun- Runner, a Romance of Zululand,' 'Tween Snow and Fire,' 'Through the Zulu Country : Its Battle fields and its People,' &e.; [Published by special arrangement with tbe author All rights reserved.] Chapter XV. — The Midnight Foe. ' Why, it's Renshaw !' cried Mrs. Selwood, who hearing the eound of hoofs mingling with the barking of the dogs had come to the door. ' We didn't expeat you till to-morrow. Well, yoa'ra jast in time — a few minutes more and we should ail have gone to bed. Call Wind vogel to take your horse and come in.' ' I'll 1st him run ; he's about done up,' he answered, removing saaaie, oriaie, ana neaa Btali and turning the animal adrift. . 'H&s; your business fallen through?' she asked as he followed h6r into the passage and closed the door. ' It has had to stand over. Come in here, Hilda,' leading the way into an empty room, 'I have something co tell you. No — never mind the light — the fewer lights shown the better.' Then in as few words as possible he told her of tbe danger which hovered over them. Hilda Selwood came of a good old colonial stock and was not lacking in nerve. Still she would not have been a woman had she realised the frightful peril which threatened herself and her children wiohout a shudder. 'We must do what we can, Renshaw,' she said. *' Perhaps they will not attack us.' '' Perhaps ' is a sorry word to start cam paigning upon. What we've got to do is to ensure them as warm a reception as possible if they do. My opinion is that they will, if only that they seem to have been watching the road. I believe they have ascertained by some means or other that Chris is away. What people have you on the place just now?' 'Very few. There's Windvogel and old Jacob and Gomfana. That's all.' ' Windvogel I don't trust. Shouldn't won der, indeed, if the yellow scoundrel was in league with them. Old Jacob has more than one foot ia the grave — he's no good. But Gomfana, though he couldn't hit a haystack with a gun, might make useful play with a chopper if it came to close quarters. And now, look here,' he went) on, after a moment's hesi tation— 'the situation may be desperate. These seven cut-throats are fighting with a noose round their necks. Every one of their lives is forfeited, and they are all well armed. Now, is there no suggestion you can make to wards strengthening the garrison ?' ' Why, of course. Marian and I both know how to shoot. That makes three of us ; and then we are under cover.' ' Well spoken. Buc I can improve on that idea — if you can bring yourself to agree. Little ohap3 as they are, Fred and Basil are better shoes than either of you and game to the core.' Hilda Selwood gave a gasp. Her two little ones ! Wby, they were mere babies but yester day ! And now she was to be called upon to sacrifice them — to expose them to the peril of a desperate conflict which would fully tax the courage of grown men. 'Fd rather not, if it could possibly be avoided,''1 ehe said at last. ' Very welL But Fm much mistaken if the young scarup3 won't take the matter into their own hands directly they hear a shot fired. Now, how many guns have we? There's mine, two of Chris's — that makes six barrels, the boys' muzzle- loaders — ten barrels. Then Chris has a five-shooter ? ' *' He took that with him.' 'Did he?' Well, I have a six. Altogether we shan't do badly. And now you had better break tha news to Marian and Miss Avory while I slip down to the hut to rout out Gomfana. And? lose no time barricading the windows. Mattresses are the thing for that —almost bullet proof.' Arming himself with a gun and revolver Henshaw slipped out quietly and made his way to the huts. Gomfana, like most natives, slept heavily and took a deal of waking, and by the time the situation was brought home to bis obtuse brain some minutes had been lost. He was a sturdy youngster of about twenty — a 'raw' Kafir, that is to say one who had never been out of his native kraal and was etupid and ignorant of European ways. But at the prospect of a fight he grinned and brightened np. Just as they regained the house a glow BuSaaed the sky against) the moutain top, and a few minutes later a broad half-moon was Bailing high in the heavens. Henshaw hailed its appearance with unbounded satisfaction. The two girls had already lit their candles for bed when Mrs. Selwood brought the un welcome news, judiciously omitting the ghastty tragedy which could only horrify withont en couraging the hearers. Their method of re ceiving it was as divergent as their characters. Marian, though she slightly changed color, remained perfectly cool and collected. Violet, on the other hand, turned white as a sheet and fairly shook with;terror. c It was all they could do to keep her from going into wild hysterics. 'This sorb of thing won't do at all, Miss Avory,' said BenBhaw. entering ad that moment, his sable recruit hanging back in the doorway. ' Why, all you've got to do is to lie down and go to sleep in perfect safety. If we exchange a ehot or two that's all it will amonnt to. Come now, Ishould have thought you would have enjoved the excitement of a real adventure.' Violet tried to smile, bub ib was tbe mere ghost of a smile. She still shivered and shook, and Renshaw himsslf seemed changed. None of the diffident lover about him now. Ka B&eined; in his element at the prospect of periL In the midst of her fears Violet remembered Manan s eulogies on his coolness and resource in an emergency. The recollection quieted her and she looked upon him with unbounded re epeet. Then she noted Marian's calm and resolute demeanor, and even fancied that the look of the latter was expressive of something like contempt— wherein ehe was mistaken, but the idea acted as a tonic to brace her nerves. Having seen to the firearms and ammunition and cautioned the women to remain where they were and allow no more light to be seen than they could help, Renshaw went the round of the house. Effie and the two little ones were sleeping eoundly, bo also were the two boys. Opening the door he looked cautiously out. All was stilL Ho had decided that the four corner roomB ebould be the points of defence, and tha windows accordingly were not barricaded. The others were rendered secure by fixing against each a couple of mattresses. Then he went back to the ladies. The house was now all in darkness, but the moonlight streaming in above 6be protecting mattresses gave sufficient light for all purposes. 'Now good people,' he said cheerily, 'you may all go to bed. M call you when I want you. I'm going to watch at one corner and Gomfana will take the other. There'll be no catching us napping. Besides, the dogs will raise tbe most awful ehillaloo if anyone heaves in sight.' Shakedowns had been improvised on the floor with rugs and pillows. In great meaaure reassured by Marian's unconcern, Violent con sented to lie down. Mrs. Selwood betook her eelt to her children's room. The moon mounted higher and higher to the zenith, flooding the land with an eerie and chastened half light. The monotonous chirrup pf the tree-frog, the shrill baying of a pair of hunting jackals, the occasional cry of a night bird mournfully echoing from tine mountain Bide, floated to tbe watcher's ear. Unremitting in his vigilance, Renshaw moved silently from room to room, his unerring eye scanning the ground at every point, and keeping his sable Lieutenant up to the mark, lest that worthy should be tempted to doze. But Gomfana, who was armed with an axe and some assegais taken from a wall trophy, was rather thirsting for the encounter than otherwise. Some hundred and fifty yards from the main dwelling was a large outhouse block, compris ing stables, waggon shed, shearing house, &c.; On this point Renehaw's attention was mainly concentrated. He felt sure that the miscreants would take advantage of the shadow of this building to creep up as near as they could. Another point that needed watching was the thick quince hedge which skirted the garden, and which now afforded a shade congenial to the assailant's movements. Nothing is more trying to the nerves than a lonely nocturnal vigiL Most men, brave enough in actual danger, would have felt the 'creepy' effect of those silent hours as they strained their eyes upon the surrounding veldc, now construing a shadow into an enemy — now hearing a whisper of voices— the tread of a Btealthy footstep — in the varying and spactral sounds of the night. But Renshaw's -Mitary and wandering life had inured him to these things. His chief considerations now were — firstly, lest the drowsy feeling which he was doing his utmost to combat should tend to dim his vigilance ; secondly, the stilling of his cravings for just one carefully- guarded pipe. Suddenly the faintest possible creak of a footfall on the floor behind him. He turned like lightning. ' It's only me,' whispered a soft voice. And a tall figure approached in the gloom. ' Marian 3 Why are you not lying down with the rest?' ' They're all asleep now, even Violet. Look, I've brought you some sandwiches. You hardly ate anything when you came in. You set to work upon them at once and I'll mount Bentry while you are having supper.' 'How good of you,' he eaid, taking the. plate from her and also the glass of brandy and water which she had mixed for him. 'Why, what have you there? A ehooting iron ?' ' ' Of course. You don't suppose I was going to leave my gun behind when we are in a state of siege, do you ?' She carried a double-barrelled breechloader — rifle and shot cartridge — and^ there was a warrior flash in her eyes visible in the moon light, which told that she meant to nse it, too, if occasion required. ' It is very lonely for yon, watching all by yourself,' she continued. ' I thought I would come and keep you company.' 'So like you again. But look here, Marian, dear. You must not be exposed to danger. Single-handed I can make such an example of the schepsels that they'll probably turn and run. Still, they might let fly a shot or two. You will go back to the others if I ask you — will you not ?' Her heart thrilled tumnltously within her. In the darkness she need be ab no pains to conceal the .tell-tale expression of her face. Ah, but — his tones, though affectionate, were merely brotherly. That might be, but still, whatever peril he might undergo it should be her privilege to share it— her sweet privilege — and she would share it. 'No; I will not,' she answered, decisively. ' I can be as cool as anyone living, man or woman. Feel my hand ; there is not a tremble in it.' And'her fingers closed round hi3 in a firm steady clasp, in which there was nothing nervous, nothing spasmodic. ' I believe you can,' he answered, 'bub I was thinking of your safety.' ' My safety !' she interrupted. Then in a different tone — ' How do you suppose they'll come, Renshaw? Walk openly co the house or try to creep up in the shadow ?' ' The last. You eee they showed their hand by tackling me upon the road. Yet they may think I've turned in and bothered no more about it. Hallo !' 'What is it?' ' I could have sworn I heard Bomething. I've got long ears — like a donkey you will say.' Both listened intently, the woman with less eagerness, less anxiety, than the man. There was a kind of exaltation about Marian to night. Her nerves were as firm as those of her male companion himself, and the certainty of a bloody conflict was to her, in her then frame of xuind, a mere matter of detail. ' Ah ! I thought I was right,' he went on, as a premonitory *' woof' from one of the dogs lying around the house was followed by a general uprising and clamor on the part of the whole lot. Then, baying savagely, they started off in full charge in the direction of the dark line of shade thrown by the willows fringing the dam, and on the opposite side to that watched by Renehaw and his companion. 'Marian, just go to the other side and look if you can see anything. You won's, I know, but etill there's no harm in making Bure.' She obeyed. From that side of the house nothing was visible except a long stretch of sickly moonlight and the line of trees. But the dogs had disappeared within the shade of the latter and were raising a clamor that was truly infernal. They seemed to be holding something or somebody in check. Then eha returned to her former post. 'There's nothing there,' she said, 'at pre sent. Ah !' Three shadowy ''figures were flitting round the angle of the outhouse block abovemen tioned. They gained the shade thrown by the front of it — crouched and waited. 'Here they are,' whispered Renshaw under his breath. ' £ waa np to that dodge. One fellow was told off to draw off the dogs while these jokers sneaked up in the opposite direction. .Look — here comes the rest.' Two more figures followed the first — then another. Ail were now crouching in the shadow of the outhouses. Still the yelling clamor of the dogs pounded distant on the other side, kept np with unbated fury. Chaptsk XVL — Catching a Taktab. ' Now Marian,' whispered Renshaw. 'This is going to be a life and death business re member. It's them or ourselves. You are sure you have uo womanish qualms in favor of 'giving them a chance,' or any madness of that kind?' ' You will see,' was the enrb reply, and the tone was sufficient. ' All right. When I eay * Now,' you must let it into the fellow I'll point out to you. Use your ehotbarrel remember. Fm going to let them get quite close, and we'll give them a heavy charge of loepers apiece. Then if we get a show we'll follow it up with rifle practice.' She whispered assent, and for some moments they strained their eyes upon the Bhade of the outbuildings. Suddenly one ? dark figure flitted noiselessly out, followed by another and another, till the whole gang were in full sight, advancing in a diagonal line. ' Keep cool Marian, keep cool,' warned Ren shaw. ' Wait for the word. They are not nearly close enough yet.' On came the six cut-throats. Two black men led — then a bestial-looking undersized Bushman Hottentot ; his hideous yellow face, repulsive in the moonlight, cruel, ape-like; his eyeB rolling in eager, ferocious expectation of tbe sanguinary orgy which awaited. The other three were half-bloods. Five of them carried guns, the sixth a pistoL Again lienshaw had done the very best thing he could in shaping the plan we have heard him lay down. On they came. Once the leader raised his hand and all stopped, listening intently. The wild clamor of the dogs scill arose in the distance. Reassured, the scoundrels advanced, swiftly, noiselessly. Seventy — sixty — iifoy — forty yards. 'Ready Marian! Take the third fellow— Now!' Crash! Crash! The double report bellowed forth into the midnight stillness. Mingling with it came a horrid scream. Marian's aim had been true and deadly. The leader of the gang, a stalwart Kaffir — had made one leap into the air and had fallen forward on bis face. Ho lay motionless. Again Renshaw drew trigger, bringing a third man to the grass, his knee bone shattered. Then the unexpected took place. Instead of seeking safety in headlong flight, as the de fenders bad reckoned, the surviving three rushed madly round to the other side of the house, a bullet from Renshaw's six-shooter failing to stop them. 'Stay here, Marian,' whispered the latter hurriedly. 'Draw on the first fellow who shows himself.' And in a trice he was round to meet tbe new attack. What was this? No sign of the enemy. Had they fled 2 Suddenly a crash of a glass, a scuffle, and a torrent of Dutch curees. Quickly the position stood revealed. There stood Gomfana holding on to a human figure which waa half in and half out of the window — head and shoulders through tbe shattered sash. He had got the fellow firmly by the neck with one hand, while with the other he was striving all he knew to drag him in by his clothing. But the villain— a stalwart half-breed — was almost too much for the sturdy young Kafir. The hitter would have assegaied him in a moment had he owned three hands. Having but two, however, and these two being required to hold on to his enemy, it was out of the question— but hold on he did. 'Stop struggling or 111 shoot you dead!' said Renshaw in Dutch, placing the muzzle of his pistol against the man's body. The fellow, thoroughly cowed, obeyed, and Gomfana, with a final effort, hauled him bodily into the room amid a terrific shatter of falling glass. '* What on earth's the row, Uncle Renshaw?' said a boy's voice. 'Fred, cut away and find a reim.' (Rope is little used in South Africa, its place being supplied by raw bide thongs termed as above. ' Sharp's the word — mind.' In a twinkling the youngster was back with the required article, and almost as. quickly Renshaw's ready hand had strapped up the midnight robber so that the latter could not move a limb. Now all this had happened in far lesa time than it has taken to narrate. ' But there were still two of the scoundrels unaccounted for. That they had not fled Ren shaw was certain. And now the dogs, hearing the firing and shouting, aud judging the bulk of the fun lay in that direction, abandoned their mysterious quarry and'' came tearing up open-mouthed. Then the secret stood ex plained. The remaining two were crouching beneath some rockwork ab one corner ot the verandah, presumably following the tactics of the large veldt-spider who when suddenly surprised is apt to run straight in upon the in truder, judging, rightly in the main, that in this position the latter will not be able to crush him. ' Throw down your arms or you are dead men !' cried Renshaw, covering the pair with his barrels. The fellows, who had just emptied their guns— with email effeeb, however — among the snarling, leaping, savage pack which had at once assailed them, did not hesitate a moment. They were the least desperate of the gang, and the fearful execution done among their com rades had struck wholesome terror into them selves. Begging piteously for mercy they shambled forth and submitted to being duly secured. No sooner was this effected than a sharp re port rang out in the room where Marian had been posted. Promptly gaining the spot, Ren shaw found that the shot had not been fired by her, but by small Basil Selwood. 'Why, what are you blazing at, Basil? Those chaps are safely winged, if they're nob dead.' ' Are they ? That black chap was trying to cub away on two hands and a leg,' answered the youngster. ' I thought Td stop that. But I didn't hit him,' he added, candidly. 'I must go and see to them. You and Fred must mount guard over the prisoners, and send Gomfana to me.' Accompanied by the young Kafir, Renshaw sallied forth. The dogs had already pounced upon the wounded buehman, and in another minute would have worried him to death. Game to the last, however, the ferocious ruffian had fired among them, killing one, and but for the fact that his gun was empty would have fired upon his human rescuers. Investi gation showed that he was badly wounded in both legs, notwithstanding which, well knowing the desperate hardihood of the race, Renshaw deemed it necessary to bind his hands. The other wounded man, a Kafir, had also a broken leg. He, however, realising how thoroughly tbe odds were against him submitted sullenly to the inevitable. The sixth and last, be who had led the gang, was stone dead, shot through tha heart. Renshaw turned the body over. The empty eye- socket and the brutal pock-marked features seemed distorted in a fiend-like leer beneath the moon light. Renshaw had no difficulty in recognis ing the description of the Kafir, Muntiwa. Meanwhile how had the non-combatants been faring? Mrs. Selwood having armed her self with a double gun had retired to her chil dren's room, resolved that her post was there. She had taken Violet with her, and the latter had fallen into a fit of terror that was simply uncontrollable. The crash of the firearms, the dread lull intervening, the subdued anxious voices of the defenders, the terrible suspense, had all been too much for her ; nor could the reassurances o£her hostess, or even the example of pluck ehown by the child, Effie, avail to allay her feare. Finally, she went off into a dead swoon. As for the two youngsters, Fred and Basil, the prevailing idea in their minds was one of unqualified disgust at not having been allowed to take part in the fight) from the very begin ning. 'Why didn't you call us, Uncle Renshaw?' was their continual cry. ' We'd have knocked fits out of those Bchelms [rascals]. Wouldn't we just.' 'You bloodthirsty young ruffians. You have plenty of time before you fcr that sort of thing, and you'll have plenty of opportunities for getting and giving hard knocks by the time you get to my age,' he would reply, good humoredly. Bub the youngsters only shook their heads with expressions of the moso in tense disappointment and disgust. Not much sleep for the household during the remainder of that night. Renshaw found his time and his vigilance fully occupied in attend ing to the security of his prisoners and doing what be could for the wounded. The fellows, [or their part, were disposed to accept the in evitable and make the best of the situation, fhey were bound to be hanged anyhow, though in his eeareb heart each man hoped chat his life might be spared. Meanwhile, it eras better to enjoy good rations than bad ones, ind to that end it was as well to conciliate she ' baas ;' and Renshaw bad no difficulty, iceordingly, in getting at tbe story of the ittaok. Of course each swore he was not the insti gator ; of course each laid the blame on the lead man, Muntiwa. He was the prime mover in the enterprise. He had a grudge against ;he ' baa»' who lived there, and as they all stood and fell together they had been obliged ;o help him in hid scheme of plunder. Of sonree, too, each and all .were ready to sweax bh&t; plunder was their only objecb. They would oot have harmed anybody — not they—no, notfor ail the world. Thus the three half-breeds. Bub Booi, tha Kafir, volunteered no statement whatever, and Klaas Baartman; the Bushman Hottentot, savagely declared that he had in tended to cut the throat of every woman and child on the place. The seventh of the gang, who waa still at large, having no firearm, had been posted under the willows to draw off the dogs — even as Renshaw had conjectured. Asked whether they knew the baas of the place was absent;, they replied that one of them had been watching and had seen unmistakable signs that this was the case. The rest of the gang had watched the main road, and when Kenehaw had passed they had intended to let him go by unmolested, bo as to render more complete their projected surprise, and would have but for the indiscretion of one cf their number — of course the man who had nob been captured. In the morning, opportunely enough, a posse of mounted police arrived — a sergeant and three troopers. They had been pabrolling the moun tains on the look oub for this very gang, and had fallen in with some natives, who declared they had heard distant firing in the direction of Sunningdaie. Thither therefore they had ridden with all possible speed. 'Well, Mr. Fanning— I wish I had had your luck— that's all,' said the sergeant, while doing soldier's justice to tbe succulent breakfast set before them. 'You've captured the whole gang, single-handed, all but one that is, and we are sure to have him soon.' ' I wish you had, sergeant, if ib would hurry on your sub- inspectorship,' said Renshaw heartily. ' But I must take exception to your word 'single-handed,' I don't know what I should have done without Miss Selwood.' Whereat the sergeant, who like many another man serving in the Mounted Police was a gentleman by birth, and who moreover had been casting many an admiring glance at Marian, turned to the latter with the most gracefully-worded compliment he could muster. But Marian herself was Bomewbat unrespon sive. She could shoot people, if put to it, but her preferences were all the other way. As it was ehe was heartily thankful she had nob killed the man and that his wounds were not mortal. 'I'm afraid he'll only recover for Jack Ketch, then, Miss Selwood,' rejoined the sergeant. ' They're all booked for the ' drop' to a dead certainty for that other affair. What? Hadn't you heard of ib?' And then came out the story of the whole Bale butchery in which these miscreants had been concerned. There was no difficulty what ever as to providing their identity. The Government rifles, stolen from the convict guards when these were overpowered, spoke for themselves. And with the horror of the recital vanished the reactionary glow of pity which had begun to agitate the feminine breast on behalf or the prisoners. Hanging was too good for suoh a Bet of fiends. Breakfast over, the police troopers set out with their prisoners, handcuffed, and extra well secured with reims ; for the bush bordering the road was thick, as we have seen, and the men in desperate case. The two wounded ruffians were left behind until such time as they should be in a condition to travel — to recover, as the police sergeant had truly put it, for Jack Ketch ; and the dead body of Muntiwa was taken to a du rance and build up in a kind of impromptu morgue of stones to protect it against wild animals and carrion birds, for the district sur geon would have to make a posb mortem and a report as by law required, a duty which that functionary might or might not hurry himself to fulfil. We may as well anticipate a few months andfinallydismissthe survivingscoundrels from our narrative. The wounded ones being suf ficiently convalescent, the whole lot — for the man who escaped ab Sunningdale was even tually taken— were pub upon their trial for the murder of the Hottentot family. Two were accepted as Queen's evidence, and their testi mony, as confirmed by the murdered man's dying deposition,established that Mun tiwa and Klaas Baartman, the Bushman Hotten tot, were the principal actors in the diabolical business — though there was not much difference in degree between the guilt of any of them, except that Booi, the other Kafir, had en deavored strenuously to dissuade his fellow scoundrels from the murder of ..the woman and children. Accordingly, the two men who had saved their lives by turning Queen's evidence were put baok to take their trial from escaping from durance, and further acts of robbery committed or attempted, including their at tack upon Sunningdale ; while the remaining four were sentenced to deaths, which sentence was carried out in the town of the district wherein the murder had taken place ; and the cut-throats were duly hanged — ail except the Kafir, Booi, that is, who, being re commended to mercy on the consideration above given, his capital sentence was commuted to one of hard labor for life. (To be continued.) Miss Beauti — 'How do you like my new photograph?' Little girl— 'It's perfectly lovely. Did you really sit for it yourself ?' 