Underthe Shadowof Crime ob THE MYSTERY OF CLEMENT DUNRAYEN. Now First Pobdibhed. By JEAN MIDDLEMASS, Author of a "Girl in a Thousand," "Scaled by a Kiss," "By Fair Means," " Touch and Go," to. All Queensland Riohts Reserved. CHAPTER II.— ( Continued.) ( 'Is it a short-coming 'to admire you desperately, and to — love you ?' he aBked. The last word came out with a gasp whioh gave it an emotional point for whioh his inmost feelings were in no way responsible. Lady Gertrude looked down now, and did not attempt to speak. So the dress had done its work, yet Elvira Dolane had called it a' shroud. There was silence for a second or two, she was batding with her feelings, trying to still her throbbing heart. He — well, it were better perhaps to throw a veil over what he really felt. 1 "What he said when with a mighty effort he oompelled himself, was — ' Will you be my wife ?' She did not speak at once, she waB too happy to give her pleasure words, hut at last a faint 1 Yes ' camo from her pretty pouting lips, and she raised her eyoB to his face to meet suoh a look of sadness in hie, that she shrank bofore his gasso. ' Oh, why do you look so sadly nt me ?' she aBked. . ' Did I look sad? Do not he frightened; 'I was only wondering whether I was worthy of yon — whether you would bo really happy if you shared my lot.' ( I am not afraid.' ' No, dear Lady Gertrude, you are very brave ; yet von do not know me.' 'Hot know you, Mr. Dunraven; it Beem8 I have known you all my life.' ' Does a woman ever know the inaer life of any man ?' She laughed. ' I have enough belief in you not to he afraid of your inner life.' ' You will.take me on faith and marry mo without investigation ?' ' You are only teasing me ; I don't believe there is anything to investigate. One would think you were a murderer or 1 forger to hear you talk, and if you were 1 ' If I were ? ' ' Well — it would be very difficult for me to hate you.' ' Thanks.' Then again there was a short silence. Ho had given her a loophole for escape, hut she had only rushed blindly on her fate. If she had refused the proposed marriage Sir Louis would not have blnmed \- him, but sho accepted, bo he must smile on her and try to look the happinesB she was feeling. They had never thought of dancing, and were sitting by tbis time in a small boudoir, whioh was next to the supper- room. One or two people peeped in at the door and went away smiling, hut no one ventured to intrude. They were virtu ally alone, or at all events belioved them selves to be so. j Clement Dunraven had always been considered an adept in the art of love- making, but to-night he felt as shy and unequal to the occasion as though ho were the veriest tyro. He could not, however, retreat now, since he had asked her to marry him and she had aecepted his proposal. His wife ! Merciful heavens, was it possible that he had asked Lady Gertrude Vorschoyle to he his wife ? Ay, it was absolutely true, for he stole his arm round her slight waist, and drawing her close to him, he imprinted a lingering kiss on. the full red lips, and eho did not resist him, as she assuredly would have done had she not felt that she was his Very own. That kiss seemed to revive some of the slumbering passion in Clement's deadened heart, and he awoke to a Benso of how beautiful Lady Gertrude really was. ' You aro "too good for me, my darl ing,' he said with more fervour than he had as yet shown. ' How lovely you are, too angelically lovely for a mere mortal like myself. The whole, of England will say I am the luokiest dog in the country, to" have won a being so fair as you are.' And the arm round her tightened, until Bhe felt as if she were in a vice. ' And I the luokiest woman to have won the love of the popular Clement Dunraven,' sho replied, laughing, and trying to free herself from Mb clasp. He loosed her somewhat, seeing she was a little distressed. 'I must not frighten my birdie,' he whispered a little apologetically, 'hut you should not be so beautiful, my-Bweet Gertrude.' She hlushod and looked up at him with shy, sweet eyes. \- 'Then you do lovo me, Clement? Don't talk to me about myself, but about your love. Is it really true and fast, will it endure for all our lives ? Yon willi/never negleot me or grow cold to me, as some men do to their wives ? ' dark expression came over Clement Dunraven's face like a cloud. But be fore he could answer she went on — 'Ah, I have offended you. I was wrong; I should not have doubted your loyalty nnd good faith. Forgive me.' ' Sweet one) who could bo false to you ? The man who could make you suffer is a bruto.' 'You will never cause me suffering, Clement. Yes, I know it full well; you .will shield me from danger and suffer ing' 'Ay, will I, dearest, .to the fullest s . extent of my power. If uhhappiness comes to you through .me it will be ; through my misfortune 'and not my fault.' . Sho laid her hand in his. . ' p.' 1 1 balieve yoil,! she said, ,' and I will .V trust you .always because I know that you Move mo.- Tell me.thatypu love me.' V i - 'I love you— yes— I loive you,' hb ie- r . ' peated, but thore was hut little romance 'in his voice. . ' . I Tbat did not trorle nor, owe-ct ;_8hc vas. as - happy f.o tiio bna iu spring. Clement Dunraven, her girlish idoal, was to he her husband, her own, her very own. j Lord Melbury would be pleaeed, Sir! Louis would he pleused, but nono of them aB pleased as Bhe herself, sho thought, as she sat there, close to Clement's side, dreaming rather than talking of hor future happiness. , Hours of the intonsest pleasure end at last, howover Two men interested in a knotty point at whist began to 'argue the matter out at the door of the boudoir,- another moment and they would probably come in to exemplify their moaning by the help of some cards whioh lay on the table. One more hurried fefvent kiss and the newly betrothed lovers started to their feet and prepared to join the throng in the larger room. To do so thoy had to pass the boudoir window, which was open. For a second they stood inhaling the fresh air and look ing out into the starry night. Neither of thnm, however, Baw a pair of lustrous eyes, which wero Bhining through tho foliage of an adjacent shrub. Had they done so what changed issues might not thoir lives havo known? But they passed ou to their fate, and the owner of those dark splendid orbs passed on too, into the silent night equally to meet her fate whether a darker or lighter one than Lady Gertrude's who shall say? For the moment LadyJJertrude's star seemed to be in the asoendant, for was she not Clement Duuraveh's promised wife ? As she had predioted, Lord Melbury smiled his gratified assent, and Sir Louis was so delighted, he could scarcely keep his feelingB under control. ' You have done well, my hoy, Bplendidly well,' he Bnid, patting Clement on the shoulder. ' A thousand a year and the run of Ahoyne Court, that is what you shall have as long as I am above the sod, and after that you will be the master. It won't he long, Clement, it won't be long.' It was in order to he master of Aboyne Court and its income that Clement had consented to ask Lady Gertrude to he his wife, yet it was scarcely a feeling of joy that rose in his heart whea he knew that he had won the trick. While tho fiances were standing talking to Sir Louis, Pioreo Vaughan came up with Miss Elvira Delane. Thoy had ju3t been dancing together. Elvira took in the situation at a glance, and whispered to Lady Gertrude, ' How does a woman feel when she has won ? You shall give me your experiences to morrow. When I have heard them I shall either congratulate or condole.' Pierce Vuughan said nothing, but he was not therefore ignorant as to what had happened ; on the contrury, he knew too well for his pleasure, and beneath his calm, inexpressive demeanour there lay buried a fund of jealousy, revenge, and hatred of whioh neither his unole nor Clement could fail one day to feel the force, and from whioh dainty Lady Ger trude herself would suffer more or less. There was no doubt that a tree had been plantod that night whioh would be productive of much fruit. "What matter to Sir LouiB, who rubbed his hands and chuckled over his work, if the berries, to he culled from it hereafter, would be often nauseous and even deadly to the taste. Pierce Yaughan , at odds withlif o sincohe saw no chance of obtaining either Lady Gertrude's hand or the inheritance he bad more, than half expected might be his, was the first to leave the ball. Marriages have ere now been hindered. He would cool his fevered brain, he thought, by walking about tho grounds thnt surrounded the house. As he strode along ho felt as if boing pursued by a footstep. I'ieroe Yaughan was no believer in ghosts, yet he was desperately inclined to think that there was one near him at that moment; He walked on rapidly to the edge of « little wood, iD whioh he could see nothing for the foliage. JuBtashe reached it the moon oame out from behind a cloud and sud denly and unexpectedly ho and his pur suer saw each other as in full day. She was a woman, clad in a long black eloak, which concealed hor form, but her fuce he could nover forget, if he ever met her again he should know hor. He had no time to make acquaintance then ; as suddenly as she appeared she depurted, and ghost or reality, he saw her no more. CHAPTER III. Boy oh Gibl; On the outskirts of the town of Coles- hill, about 4 miles from Aboyne Court, thero was a picturesque old cottage stanaing in a wuu gurueu. n uau uuuu been a dairy farm, but evil times had come and the meadows and cows hod been sold one by ono, until nothing was left but the cottage itself and the garden round it, whioh from want of tillage was not very productive. Old farmer Glen-' dinniug had lived there, and his father before him 'for many years — it was his freehold. Ho would not sell the roof from over his head, he said, but just starve thero until the end camo ; it could not be far off since he had long 'passed the allotted age of three score years and ten.' Starvation, too, it was both for him self and his granddaughter, Lisheth, but he did not oonsider her in the matter. As long as he had his pipe and she ministered to his creature- comforts as . well as Bhe could, acoording to the meanB she had at command, he war. satisfied. ' Lisheth was an orphan, living on his charity. If it were not for him she would be in the workhouse,' he told the neigh bours, if ever thoy expostulated with him about the dreariness of the girl's life, and the necessity to make somo provision for her future, hut no ono interfered very muoh with the Glendinnings and_ their affairs. Tho old m tin was doaf; it was very difficult to make him understand, and Lisboth did not oncourage gossip or interference. She was what the towns folk culled 'a stand-off, upstart minx, with nothing to boast of biiUa few good looks, which sooner or later Would bring her to ruin.' : ' lo jib OOST.siued to-irOEEOW. j j.. 