* Public M.eeting at Brunswick. THE .OPPOSITIONV STRONGLY CONDEMNED::' < d WHO: ARE THE REAL OPPONENTS' OF THE L'IAND d TAX? A public meeting to., consider the political crisis was held on tihe vacant r allotment of land near Albert-street, Brunswick, on Saturday evening last. c tihe chair was occupied by the 1masur, Mr. D. V. Hennessy. The Mayor said that as the owner of property the land tax was bound to affect him, but he nevertheless thought the Government should be loy..lly supported in its effort to balance the State ledger Tne late election should have been an object lessonl to plotters and intriguers, but it appearef! as if another election was necessary to sweep that class ot people out of Parlioument, and allow the public business to hbe pro ceeded with. < (Cheers.) Mr. Alexander Wales inuved as fol lows : " That in the opinion of this tmeeting Mr. l' Kenzie's want of confidence motion with regard to the present Gov ernment is vexatious in the extreme, being mischievous in the attempts to dely legislaive acti in, and thlerefore ? '-*h-th,,.hest interests of the colony." ' ---, fn the Government policy they hadl di rect taxation embodied in thie best form and it was the best tax ever introduced into the colony. This they must have, or lie compelled to ask their English creditors for time. . (Hear, hear.) Mr. Hannah seconded the motion, saying a tax on land was fairer than a tax on tea and sugar. The speaker read a letter from Mir. higgins, M.L..A., who was unable to be present, but who wrote anent, "the excellent taxation proposals of the Government and in condemnation of tactics which tended to stave off direct taxation." Mr. J. H. Cook, M.L.A., supported the motion. If M?c. Turner did right he would insist that the House si' on till the motion was disposed of. He had looked up Mr. M'Kenzie's speech made to oust the Patterson Government, and he found that gentleman said that what was required was "economy, retrench ment and direct taxation"; weli, that was exactly what the Turner Government proposed. Mr. M'Kenzie was one who blew hot to-day and cold to-morrow, and I because he was not in the Ministry he was in opposition. The people of the I colony should mark such men in their memory, and subsequently remember their names at the ball The men in oppositi f away the principles a because it was unfair or inequ;tab bu because selfishness and self interest was at the bottom of it. (Hear, hear.) They e would malign and obstruct, and would not pay because they had a right to. DMr. McKenzie was a large land-owner, so was Mr. Russell, and Mr. Staughton and Mr. Chirnside. Mr. Staughton owned 19,127 acres, and paid a tax ot d £104 a year; Mr. "Russell owned r, 27,000 acres, and paid £147 a year; s while Mr. Chitunside and his family \- owned 272,000 acres, and paid £800 a Lt year, when they ought to be paying six d or eight times as much, which the land y owners well know they will have to do e if the proposed tax becmes law. (Loud cheers.) It was admittedly an oppor tune titue for a land tax, but it was a necessitious, and more inoppertuine still \- to tax household commodities. TSe in e cipence of the land tax, without ex e ceptions, was to affect 920,000 of the population, and with £100 exemption, d 64,000 people woald not pay anything, a so that it could not be called a class tax. The Chirnside's land under the present tax was valued at £2 an acre, when it was really worth £12 or £14 an acre. it He thought they would easily see the e real reason for the hostile opposition to a land tax. (Applause) If the .r McKenzie motion was carried, who would be the coning man, Mir. McKeu Y zie or Mr. Harper? (Laughter.) 'The e latter showed his sympathy for the poor farmer by a proposal to squeeze the arrears for rent out of him. (A Svoice: He is a political fraud.) And this was one of the men they must look to if the Government was defeated. Then they had Sir James Patterson and Mr. Frank Madden. These were to be the saviours of the colony. [-low ever, he did not think they had a ghost of a show of getting into power just yet, or were qualified in any case to pull us Sout of our difficulties. The Opposition Scould echo nothing in th ir dilemoma but Sretrenchment, and that would not saves us. The Premier's position with the country at his back was a strong one. SHe asked them for £521,000, and the e alternative was repudiation. He had but a ta remain firm anid the people true, and It success was certain. (Loud cheers.) S The motion was carried unanimously. e The Rev. F. Mason also spoke. The e land difficulty was the root of democracy, \- and when once settled would mean peace s and prosperity for the future. He be t lieved politics should come out of the \- pulpit, which would tend.to giving them \- righteous legislation. They should tax 1 not feod supplies, but what men could 1 hoard up and prize and crush people 5 with. (Applause.) a Mr. J. F. Hassett moved 5 "That the miembers for the district be respectively requested to support the present Administration in its endeavour, e by economy, retrenchment and direct rtaxation, to set the colony's finances right." Mr. M. Dumphy seconded the motion, which was supported by Mr. Kefford and carried. .STrink.es.--An t ranl::a man ot sc-r.ici h!lo han been st.ndying the subject oh srriullcs, ideelares tIhat ihey are much more Ire, iunst, in men than inx 1?-ionl. t Thids is as it ahotld be. Thi inII1i wrrinkles t iwe lii.' to sec on a womianU's fae are tlhise t [ormaed by her smiles. lnt twe believe those hines are called not wrinkl!cs. bnt wreaths. " 1er happy face I was wreathed in smiles of joy." it may be addedl that there is no ictte, way to keep wrinkles off than to cultivate that happy frame of mind and disposition which will briig a smile to the face oftener thsb a frown. 