THE CURBAGH CLUB. By The Flaneur. ' Li&TENto; this,' exclaimed Flynn from Florida, as the Curragh ' circle' was completed, and he had opened his favourite Melbourne paper. 'It was the first time they had met, and the young man did not know that she was an advanced young lady of the Annie-Byzantine period, and well up in all great and unintelligible subjects. * Reginald,' she observed, ' what is your opinion o£ the coming race ?' He thought a moment, and then with an air of profound secrecy replied, ' Well, if you can get hundreds to o about Capstan, you can put your blooming shirt on it.' The unfortunate young lady is doing as well as can be expected, but the doctors fear she will never thoroughly recover from the shock to her nervous system.' ' Reggie's tip was wrong;' saidl. ' The Key to the Melbourne Cup this year can be found by up-ending my pen-name ; if the trophy travels to this side of the border, at all. As for Mrs. Besant, the result of her lecturing tour here may be summed up thus : She has made the wise more confident in their religious convictions, and she has made the fools more confirmed in their folly.' ' That was a natural result too,' remarked the Poor Scholar, 'for the lady is a strange mixture of wisdom and folly herself. Concerning the value of the infor mation derived from her Spiritland, it is not worth its weight in cat's meat. I followed the foolery for years, and yet I never found a spook 'that hid intelligence enough to explain even why a dog always uses his right hind-leg for the purpose of scratching his right ear, and his left hind-leg to scratch his left ear. As for the measly Mahatmas, I wouldn't be so rude as to call them liars straight out, but I am sure they could act as cable corres pondents or tell stiff sea-serpent stories without seriously affecting their reputation in the least.' 'They tell me,' saidMurt}% 'that this Mrs.Besant declares tnat ner religion ioroias ner to deprive anything of life, but I'll go bail that if she shtops in ! this counthry until the muskeety saispn sets in | Bhe'll be mad enough to slaughter millions.' ' Thrue i. for ye!' shouted Andy, ' and thin, what about I thim hop-shtep-an'-a-lep little bashtes the flais? I Be gannies the only toime a woman looks soopraimly I joyful is whin she's got wan of thim little nippers j between her finger and thumb.' . I 'I have never had any dealings with spirits, except those of the ' square -face' class,' said Killarney, 'but it seems to me that although a fellow may not derive any- real benefit from a ! spiritualistic -seance, still he can at times enjoy heaps I of fuu. For instance, the Rev. George Walters p recently declared that he attended '' one mystic | ? meeting at which a young and ardent female form I ' kissed him with her fat little lips in the, presence [ of his wife.' That was rare sport for the Unitarian. j divine, but I fancy Mrs. Walters would ,be inclined I to quote Sairey Gamp and set that impulsive spirit | down as a 'brazen baggidge.' Anyway, if a I: masculine spook had kissed Mrs. Walters with his I fat lips the rev. gentleman might have felt inclined I to sing an inverted psalm and kick the; medium's j table into matchwood. And yet what is sauce for I the gander ought to have an appetizing flavour for I the goose as well.' i '.??' I have heard that just before the last battle of I the ballot-boxes Sir Damshecago Dibbs consulted a | Sydney medium named Mrs. Mellon just as Saul I did the Witch of Endor, but the spirit ParkW || rappad up had a green seal on its head and its 1 revelations were of a far more cordial and comfort [I ing nature than those of either the ancient or the 1 modern medium. Since then a Muster MacAlpine I has informed the Melbourne Psychical Research I . Society that at a -Prahran seams he saw at least a I dozen celestial figures. All were ' clothed in white I ? glistening garments,' many spoke to the audience, I and one, described as Geordie Tatnpson fra' Aber- | deen, ' spoke with a thick,' Scotch burr, and ate I bannocks, or oatcakes, given him by one of the I audience.' Something very like a 'swear' was Ij heard when this spook found that no liquid I refreshment was forthcoming, apropos to which a j1: critic says — Ij ' Then they thought thej'J dono their duty— I; Which implies that th?y were grejn— ?j . When they fed n lot of bannocks |i To a ghost fra' Aberdeen. |- Little know they how ho snorted I! To somu friends up near the moon— Bj ? Not a single drup o' whu ky K ;i ; Did I get ta wash them doon.' ' B ' It seems to me,' said the Scientist, 'that those I people who go hunting for ghosts are generally the I: only ones who ever see any. According to the i papers we have men and women in Sydney who Ij can ' call spirits from the vasty deep ' at any hour, I and those spirits respond with a promptitude .-which I suggests that the catering is not good in Spbokland, i and, like the1 mon fra' Aberdeen,' they would have i no objection to wrapping their ' desire* bodies ' Bj , round a plate of scone3 and a tot o' Glenluvet. 1 One professional gentleman declares he has ? phbto ! graphed a.half- formed entity in process of materiali ! zation' and it appeared as 'a vaporous, though shapely mass.' Later oh this vaporous' body materialized itself and on pinching the form the | gentleman found it to be ' as real, warm flesh and j blood as the medium herself.' Perhaps it was the I medium herself. Harvey Mott, one of the foremost ? of American mediums, made a great sensation when l! he first started this materializing game, but in an j unluoky hour for him Con;juj;oj; g{e«n, jjook |3om,e aniline dye along and attended a hair-raising seance. When the materialized form drew near enough Steer, threw the dye in its face and turned up the gas, and then the disgusted sitters saw the sham spook, represented by Mr. Medium Mott, wiping the dye off its jaw and wondering what in thunder had hit him. Sydney searchers after truth might try this dye dodge ; and another sensible act would be to keep a camera aimed upon a vaporous visitor during the whole time that it is developing from its nebulous form until it assumes a warm flesh and blood texture and feels good enough to pinch. Any respectable conjuror, armed with phosphorus, luminous paint, and the like can go into any room in Sydney naked, and produce enough ghosts to stock a' graveyard or turn the issue of a polling contest.' 'That reminds me,' said I, 'that Mrs. Besant laid great stress, on the fact that she had seen persons while under the influence of the spirits read a book with their eyes shut. Now, here is a feat I have frequently performed in private circles» which has always appeared quite . as marvellous as anything performed by Mahatraas, Gurus, or any other species of Spiritland' spooks or seers, and which, if shown a century ago, would have resulted in the performer being soaked in boiling oil or filled up to the ears with molten lead. ' Selecting a gentleman from the company, he is blindfolded by anyone present, and then I place him in an adjoining room with his back to the door the door being loft just sufficiently ajar to enable me to grasp his hand while I am standing in the other room with my back turned to him. A book, paper, or lettor, written in any language in which the common alphabet is employed— English, Latin, French, Spanish, Italian, &c.; — is then selected by any of the spectators, opened at anyplace they choose) and then as soon as i'tis'hahdedto me the blindfolded person in the room at once begins to read it aloud, even though neither of us understands a ;yvord of the language. -Now, I submit that that feat must appear quite as marvellous as anything J performed by the smartest spirit mediums. There is no possibility of collusion whatever. Any book can be chosen, and it can be opened at any page and the reading started at any line the company selects. The room in which the reader stands may even be in total darkness; I explain that the feat is performed simply by the natural power I possess of throwing my Ego, my astral spirit, or whatever else you choose to, call it, into the body of the person in the other apartment. Then he sees with my eyes, and the rest of the business is obvious to all. No 1 preparation is needed. . I can do the trick anywhere and at any time.' 'Well, how do you do it?'' aslwd, mUaraey, -« I'll giy© you all a week to find that out,' I replied, ' and if any of our Freeman friends can hit on the solution I will be pleased to near from them as well.' ' Coining back to this so-called ' wisdom reli gion/ ' said the Poor Scholar, ' Theosophy has been well described as a mere muddled-up mixture of faith in Kitty King and other mediumistic frauds, with smatterings of Oriental studies misunderstood and misapplied. It is a re-hash of the Materialism of Buddha, and a precious poor sloppy kind of hash too. Boiled down Buddhism simply teaches that there is no God ; conscious existence is the worst of evils, and annihilation ip the highest possible good. The happiest being is the one who was never born and never will be born. We can understand that teaching sufficiently well enough to despise it. But we cannot make head or tail of the tangled thing called Theosophy, and therefore it is not worthy of a second thought. Instead of being the religion of the wise it is merely the folly of the foolish — a thing fabricated by knaves and made current amongst fools. Everyone has at least one weak spot in his or her composition, and Mrs. Besant's weakness is a mad impulse to run after every new-fangled reli gion that turns up. In a little while she will seek shelter in the Catholic fold, and then for the first time she will find true rest.' 'I think,' said Killarney, 'it was Shelley who said hell was a city like London. Anyway, Mrs. Besant's Mahatmaland must be a country very like our own, for she tells us it is stocked with people who are simply good, bad, and indifferent. A Mahatma is a sort of Wild Man of the Woods, and, by the way, the style he pops up with unpleasant revelations is calculated to get him disliked, and reminds me of a little adventure of Andy's brilliant brother Tim. * It seems that it once fell to Tim's lot to break the news to a poor woman that her hus band had been killed. Accordingly, Tim strolled leisurely to her house, sat clown, and after a little preliminary chat about the weather and the trams and other troubles, he suddenly said — 'Do you know. Missus Mulguthery, that, wid your pritty complexshin and your broight blue eves and your lovely goolden hair, you would break every man's heart in this city if you were dhresshed up to riperisint a widely?' ' Oh, git away wid ye and yer sinseless chair,' giggled the blushing lady. ? ' Shure no one would be bothered comin' afthur me now and anyway I aint a widdy aithur.' ' Boi gorra you are,' blurted out Tim at once, ' for your owld man was blown to smithereens down at the boiler works this mornin' ; but, as I said before, you'll be all roight, for black is moighty becomin' to your per ticler shtoyle o' beauty.' AMahatma's consolation is not much better than Tim's. Now let us have on.e4r.0uud piojq of M.ur.ty'9.', _ 