What Parliament Might Do. The Assembly last night took a Holiday. Tlie business on hand was the Military Esti mates, -which surely demand as much criticism as any other part of the expendi ture, and -yet not twenty members could be collected in the Chamber for the important discussion on this subject, though, and the fact will be noted m view of recent disclosures, there was ample attendance within the precincts of the House. Of course the excuse ?will be made that the previous sitting was a very late one ; but as a very small minority of honor able gentlemen saw fit to sit out the wrangle on the Railway Estimates that excuse will hardly hold water. As things are an entire night has been wasted and the financial business which is always in arrear, and had already been unconscion ably delayed by the prorogation, has been further thrown back. There are many things that Parliament might usefully employ itself about, but unfortunately it te ? has a much greater fancy for ' scenes ' than |[|sk3L for steady work. The Jnews from the pf» _ ' flooded districts concerning damage to roads ££?'- » once more calls attention to the fact that some : of the energy devoted to less profitable causes might -well be devoted to keeping a strict supervision over the expenditure tmder the roads and bridges vote, not in curtail ing that expenditure, but in seeing that it really goes to the purposes for which it is intended. A telegram from Stroud published to-day announces that a public meeting has urged the necessity of a special grant of £1200 to repair the roads, which have been much cut up by the biggest flood ? ever known, while there has been also great damage to culverts and bridges. Other telegrams speak of similar losses elsewhere, and doubtless herald simi . lar applications-; but as regards things being speedily put in order one cannot be too sanguine. The cries of distress from the districts towards the north, con cerning damage by this year's floods, recall the fact that in many of those districts the loads have never really been put right since last year's floods. -- It is not that Parliament ? is not ready enough to vote money for this purpose, but there is about the application or money voted a complete lack or super vision over the department, and a great deal of either incompetence or wilful neglect on the part of the department itself. On Janu ..*?;. ary 24 last £300,000 was scrambled through |r'' in a Temporary Supply Bill to enable ;; the Minister to meet urgent claims v in connection with Roads and Bridges and other public works, and yet many roads ( and bridges that ought to have been in a [, condition to 'withstand the late flood with a : TTMnJTmiTn of damage, were left in a state in i 'which they were most susceptible to injury. f; There cannot but be a suspicion that in the ! distribution of road votes, as in other things, r there is political influence, and that a staunch f protectionist can save his constituents from being bogged more readily than a freetrader. ? Beside, just at the present time, there i8 a peculiar sort or noeus-pocus going on in connection with road votes. As a Local Government Bill has been made a portion of 'the Government's programme, and then dropped again, the Estimates for two years past liave been drawn as though there were a possibility of a considerable proportion of the expense of the roads being contri buted from local sources. Government -. meanwhile has to do the work, but in the hope that v the roads may some day within a measurable time be taken off its hands, it does as little as possible, its object being, not to facilitate internal communication and to have the roads turned over to the new local bodies as a going concern, but, even by discharging' maintenance men, to effect savings on road votes. Savings make a credit item -in the public accounts, and for purposes of future reference can be turned into political capital, and political capital is . what the protectionists grievously neei in \- ' view of the coming election. But saving on ' loads is of all economy the most ruinous, not only as regards 'the immediate loss that it r causes to farmers and others who cannot get ; their produce to market without great ' additional cost, but as regards the greatly increased expenditure that it will eventu ;?.'. ally necessitate. This is one of the matters that Parliament might be reasonably , expected to concern itself strongly about. There is no more urgent public interest. Mr. M'Garvie Smith's report to the Water and Sewerage Boar? with reference to germs in sewer ; gas, -which is to be discussed at the next meeting ' of the Board, is certain to obtain a more than ordinary share of general attention. Meanwhile, suSoient -has been made public respecting toe general conclusions' arrived at by Mr. Jt'Garvie Smith to already invest t tKe«tibject tfith peculiar interest. One «f the primary facts on -which, these conclusions aze established is that microbes dangerous to human life are discharged from the ventilating shafts of the cewers. The question -which naturally sug gests itself then is, how is this evil to be dealt with ? The recognition of it as decidedly an evil is a matter which to a great extent is associated with the more recent discoveries of science. When, for the purification of sewers, the shaft ventilation system was introduced, the germ theory of disease was in its infancy. Ideas as to -the absorbing properties of the 'all embracing air ' which are now exploded were still held, or at any rate tacitly acquiesced in, by many of the accepted scientific authorities. Now it is known for sure that foul germs do not resolve themselves harmlessly into the elements, but that they float about as messen gers of sickness and death. The remedy pro posed by Mr. M'Garvie Smith is understood to be the adoption of a system by which the gas will be consumed in the sewers through the agency of a furnace. The ventilating shafts are, as a necessary preliminary, to have their present outlet shut down. The bad air is to be come purified by passing through fur naces. By such a process it is con sidered that the bacteria will be completely destroyed. Whether Mr. Smith's plan may recommend itself to the Board or not is as yet only to be conjectured. Yet, from certain expression of opinion given by at least one gentle man who may be supposed to have some influence on its decisions in such a. direction, Mr. M*Garvie Smith's scheme may possibly be objected to on the score of expense and difficulty. If these should really prove to be the only objec. tions, they would not seem by any means insuperable ones. The difficulties maybe greatly lessened, and even the expense brought within more reasonable limits than from the general nature of the scheme it would at first sight appear to be capable of being confined. In fact, the projector himself holds that it could be worked on economic principles, and that the cost of construction would be the only consider able outlay in connection with the furnace system. The one point on which there can be no manner of doubt or difference is that this sewerage gas, as dealt with at present, is to be regarded as a public danger of the gravest sort. The Moderator of the Presbyterian Assembly, the Eight Eev. G. Maclnhes, has- shown himself to be a good deal firmer in conducting the pro ceeding of that body than he seems to be in the faith at least as interpreted by some of his clerical brethren. Three of them, the Eevs. E. S. Patterson, W. M. Dill Mackay, and Mr. J. B. Morice, appear to have scented false doctrine in the address de livered by the Moderator. Accordingly at last night's sitting they gave in their ' reasons' for objecting to the word 'suitable' as formally applied to the address in an entry in the minutes. The 'reasons set forth that the Moderator had chosen a subject which was debatable ; that, in regarding the Scriptures as not verbally inspired, he took a view which was only held by a small section- of theolo gians. One of the rev. trio, in a written address, further enforced the objections to which he had subscribed. Another of them, Mr. Dill Mackay, tried to argue the point with the Moderator himself, with the consequence that the Moderator very promptly sat upon him. Mr. Maclnnes certainly managed to maintain ? order in a pretty exemplary manner, whatever may be thought as to the soundness of the theological position which he had taken up. On the other hand if Messrs. Paterson, DillMac tay, and Morice are to be accepted as genuine exponents of Presbyterianism, it is little wonder that Presbyterianism should be set down as it often is now by philosophic speculators as decidedly among the waning creeds of the world. Sticklers for verbal inspiration would seem in many instances to have emulated the narrowness and fanaticism of those ancient 'expounders of the scripture who so scrupulously adhered to the letter and forgot the spirit of the Book. The pleasure which the legendary Irishman is said to have experienced in being 'agin the Government' is being enjoyed by some of the Nationalist members in the House of Commons. They are clamoring at Mr. Justin M'Carfchy for Ins pacific attitude towards Lord Bosebery. It would appear that their idea of an Irish leader's duty at such a crisis as the present is that he should threaten with one hand before moving any friendly offer with the other — if not indeed to threaten with both. It would be a policy worthy of the narrow enthusiasts who constitute what may be termed the left of the Home Rule party. One twould think they might have the sense to keep silent — at least till the new Premier had clearly showed his own hand. filial devotion has taken a strange shape in the case of the King of Dahomey. On resolving to surrender himself to the French he beheaded his mother, directing her to inform his dead father of his intentions. It is left to the imagination of outsiders to conjecture whether the African potentate ' whose grief bore such an emphasis ' found the messenger in question a very willing one. Is it customary in parts of the dark continent to have the tidings of great crises borne to kings in spirit .land by the ghosts of their decapitated spouses ? Or is it, as it would seem to be, an honor, specially reserved for the mother of a reigning monarch when her son hap pens to come to grief, tut stall is fortunate enough to have time left him for the performance of what may possibly be regarded as a pious duty towards his parents ? If so, then King Behanzin at all events can hardly be considered as a sort of nigger Nero. . . ? * . 