SUMMARY. The prospeoiB of a South Australian trine depot in London aro considorod very satis factory. , In consequence of the Christian Brothers controlling' St. Patrick's R.C. School at Perth insisting on using their own school books the Government has withdrawn the grant. George Morrison, a coschbuilder, brutally knurdered his wife yestorday in Melbourne. ; He first attacked her with a knife, which kras bent by a blow, and he then battered her head with an iron last. The Rev. Father Le Ronnotoi, S.M., gave' an address on devil agencies at the Federa tion Hall last night. He spoke upon spiritualism, fortuno- telling, ghosts, acts of wizards, &o; ; Ho. said if spirits did appear they could not bo . good. . The Minitter for Justice, referring to certain romarks by the Chief. Justice yester- , day, said the duty of judgos was to deal with cases that cume before them, not to criticise Ministers. . - The Truck Bill was read a first time in the Assembly last night. The Conspiracy and Protection of Pro perty Bill was rather knocked about in the Assembly last night. ; Mr. O'Sullivan introduced his bill for dealing with libel last night. Fines amounting to £7, exclusive of costs,! were imposed upon Fred. W. Collins at tho ... Paddington court yesterday on charges of ' theft. , . Mr. B. .W. Foley, of the well-known pro- ,duce firm of Foley Bros., arrived yesterday from Vancouver by tho Warrimoo. The Italian China equadion is to be rein- \- . forced. v v ' ' Europeans continue to leave Pekin in fear of a rising. It is reported that the Japanese have captured Cheefoo. A battle is imminent in Manchuria. The Governor of Tientsin has been de graded for purchasing 300,000 worthless German rifles. Some of the batmakers arc on strike in 'Melbourne owing to certain alleged infringe ments of tho rules of the union.. Gold valued at £21,943 has; been entered at the Customs at Fremantle for shipment to Melbourne. Joint action in the Coroan war by Great Britain, France, Germany and Russia is probable. A sudden relapse of the Czar has neces sitated an operation, and special prayers ( have been oflored in the churches. Eight persons have beeu killed by a rail- Way accident at Chatham (Eng. ). Oliver Wendell Holmes died while talking to his son. It is reported that Jabez Balfour has made his escape again. The Australian Mortgage, Land and finance Co. has declared an interim divi dend of 74 per cent. The.Austrian schooner yacht Tolva was nt Fiji on September 27. The German man-of-war Moewe, from Zanzibar to Albany, is long overdue.' You can get more nourishment out of one small glass of Toohey's Extra Mild Stont than yon can out of a bottle of any imported brand. Is more pleasant and costs less. A, grocer named Harry Caiger pleaded guilty at Redfern Court to having light weights in his possession, and a fine of 20s was imposed. ... Bar Bilver is quoted on the London market at 2s 5pd per oz. A successful trial of a new coal-cutting machine was made at a Newcastle colliery yesterday. Morrison, who mnrderod his wife in Mel bourne yes terdav, was enraged, at hor up braiding him for his inability to obtain work. The' butter industry just now leads the colony's export trade. Foley Brothers' cremeary-mado is the choicest in Sydney. The Greta Colliery Co. has given notices to quit to miners residing oh the company's leasehold. "Say it; spit it out, spit it out," re marked the Hon. tho Postmaster-General of . New South Wales to a labor member last sight when the latter hesitated a moment to consider his words. . Councillor Snowden was olectcd M ayor of Melbourne yesterday for the third time. , The Victorian Attorney-General (Mr. Isaacs was re-clectcd for Bogoog yesterday by a large majority. , The Victorian boot manufacturers have expressed tbeir willingness to confer with the men on : the matter of the minimum wage dispute. Leathorine . preserves, ail leather goods, . cureB burns and Sores.. Write circ. latins.. 2B6George-strcer. Ail storekeepers. Suez mail per R.M.S. Rome this after noon.". R. M.S. Warrimoo arrived from Canada / last' evening. . ' Mr; J. F. Hogan, M.P. for Mid-Tipperary, arrived by the. R.M.S. Warrimoo. He is writing a- book to be entitled "Australia Revisited." A. U.S.N. Co.'s steamer Victoria arrived Iroin the Islands last evening. N. G. L. S. Hohenzollern sailed for Bromen, Tia ports, to-day. . A meeting, .over, which Sir George Dibbs presided, was' held yesterday for the pur pose of reviving the whaling industry , in this port. Land Bill and Coal Mines Bill will occupy ; the attention of the two branches of the Legislature this evening. A meeting of eastern division membora will be held at Parliament House this after noon to decide in what respectB it will be necessary to alter the Land Bill relating to that division. Over 750 entries have been received for the.Lismore flower show, which opens to day.- ' >; . ' : ' The hatmakers, employed at ShelmerdinoV . factory, Abbotsiord (Vic.), went out on trtrike yesterday afternoon. Leatherinecures sunburns, chapped hands, cracked lips, burns and old sores. " Is tins; All storekeepers. 1 The Governor will visit the Ultimo Labor Home on Friday. Dr. Garran claims that tho Trades Dis putes Act has not been a failure, and advo cates its extension to enable inquiry by Government without being set in motion by cither party to a dispute. There aro a few spots on the sun extend ing over several million miles, and Mr. Russell prophesies that thero will probably be some manifestations of aurora next week. The Queensland Colonial Secretary states that the obstructive tactics of the labor party were of Buch a serious uature that there was no prospect of the Government getting through half the business. Tho members of the Victorian Cabinet have decided to reduco their own salaries to £1000 each, with the exception of the Premier, who will receive £1400. This will make a saving of £5100. Tho Melbourne Court of Marine Inquiry has found Captain Francis, of tho ketch vVuuthulong, guilty of gross misconduct in connection with the grounding of tho vessel in tho west channel, and has suspended his certificate. What a treat, what a boon to tho people whopass'by that way! How pure every thing is thero ! Where? At. P. R. Larkin's, Haymarkot, near railway station. Finn Bros, and Co., Booksellers, Printers, Stationers and Publishers, 5S6 George- street. Tattersall's Consultations. — Cuulfield O., 100,000 at 5. Melbonruo C., 100,000 at 20, and 100,000 at 5. Care Goo. Adams, Bris bane. 