AMONGST THE MEDIUMS, j NO. II. By Rita. Wow this is the gist or what the mediums give as iu paraphrase. One after another gays to one member of the circle after another, “ I’m well and happy in spirit land, and I hope yon will not mourn me—I am alwaye thinkine of you (or Tom or Harry, according to the family ties of the spirit) give my beat love to them all. I have not visited you before, because you did not sit with the right medium (here the medium can do a little business for horseli) ; now you may expect many visits from mo through Mrs Blank (more business). Well, I must be going now. Good-byo.” And then the medium seeks her chair, exhausted, rests, and after a hymn has been snng, comes forward and repeats the same thing iu much the same language, with the variation of such details as the questions of the sitter—say last night—suggest it would be satisfactory-to introdnoe to-night. Anything else she pioks np from the conver sations before and after the oirole sits. Long oonfabnlations take place between regular utters and the medium, hut with all new oomers it is very brief, and on the safe side; but all beirin and end more or less after the style of the preois given above. Indeed.it was the “ I’m well-and-happy-no-more-at-pre eent ” Btyle, that reminded me of the immigrants, and gave the clue to an analysis of the medium’s speeches. . The former will always dictate jnst abont the same, because they have few ideas and not many words with whioh to express them; for the same reason the mediums know not infinite variety. 'j hey all conduct their seances in rooms' lit by a small lamp, whioh is turned low, and “ blocked,” as one lady expressed it—that is, books are placed iu front of it till the room is almost in darkness, save for a flioKerina dis tant oomer. They all sing hymns while the medium is going off, a process involving sundry dramatic shivers. They all have one or two friends in the oirole who seem to mind “the front of the house,” as theatrical people say. These friends oolleot the money, talk amiably to everyone, and ask questions in a guileless, careless way ; the information so gleaned may or may not be told to the medium, bat I have heard quite enough told to the friend of the medium in' five minutes for the medium to tell the inquirer something plausible uoxt night. These friends of the medium all pretend .to be more or less olairvoyant, and to be domin ated by this or that spirit. They sit passing their hands over their foreheads ex plaining it is to prevent some spirit from having “control” or to dismiss one that is bothering, and so on. This game goes on; so persistently it must have some raison d’etre j and I should not he surprised to hear that the bush telegraph is clumsy compared to it as a means of signalling “danger,” “caution,” “ go on ahead,” etc., to the medium. One marked instance confirmed this sus picion. The medium’s friends sat in cirole he tween me and another stranger, both ot ns being well watched and questioned. The mediam was one of the foremost here—a well-spoken, woman, who scorned to ask questions herself. She moved csntioosly, feeling her way. Addressing mo, she said, “ There is an old lady looking at yon; she loves you.” Immediately her friend in the circle said to me with intense feeling, (“There! Can it bo your mother, dear? Is she dead?” Against.my wish—for it is hideous to oven apnoar to permit these people i to talk with one's dead—I was obliged to say yes, as she waited my answer. She passed her hands over her face, and. the mediam aunohed forth thus in a delighted sort of way : “Suoh a dear old lady, with grey hair and she says she wants to speak to ^ Now, I paid my shilling to see_ what went on and most carefnlly refrained from asking for anyone's spirit, so. .felt qnito justified in saying coldly, “ Thank you, I don’t wish to speak. It is not my mother. ohe_ died ' before she was old and while her hair was black. Yon have made.ar.groat mistake.” Therewas just the least sensation when I said this hat the woman took it coolly and said, “Yes,dear, I did make a mistake; theguide says ho said it was your grandmother. I didn’t understand him at first.” She wont on to,the others, and the matter dropped. This reminds me to mention two things. Every spirit is supposed tq baled by a guide who answers questions, and announces often that the spirit songht oannot speak to-night, but will next night. Thisafteryouhave been invited to ask questions of the guide or spirit, and so give a fair amount of assistance to the medium. Then to others who have evidently been through this, the spirit is allowed to speak a little, hut. directly questions become troublesome the guide announces to the medium he mnat take the spirit back, and the no-more- at-present business is repeated. The other thing is this, that no matter what occurs the mediums have a patter or an answer to meet it; tboy are like eels the way they wriggle and hoiet out of an awkward situation. Some people throb a well framed question or two would nonplus them. Susb ones should take their little questions along and try. It is not my experience. It is their gam e, and has to be played their way, and if you won’t play their way;»vhy, yon are not ?n the game, as school children have it. The way to play the game is this : go and ask to see your sainted great-great- grand mother ; the spirit guide will bring her; then he or the medium will announce she oannot. speak to-night. After oirole :tell the medium or her friend what yon think' would be a fair thing to expeot a sainted great-great-grand mother tosay, and she will say itaandwiehed between the precis of the mediums formula I gave above; then yon mnst- say spiritualism is a fine, satisfying, elevating game for a great mind, and the medium is a marvel, and come every week and bring a friend and pay. Presently, as they get to know your history, they will tell you they have a private message to give you,_ and in veigle yon into a private sitting, fee cs for the first, 2s 6d for all others (some others oharge 5s every time) and the spirit tells you to come every .week—good business again. So muoh for generalities applying to .every mediam I have seen. . . r ! Next, a few brief particulars, and they mnst be muoh condensed, for mediums are nothing if not prolix. Yet often one would have as little sense of hnmor as Mrs Triplet not to be amused. I was told the medium most esteemed by the spiritualists would sit in circle at 7.30- that night, and resolved to be pnnotual to see the seance oommenoe. Arriving at 7.30 I found by. messages to her Bitten --she had patic off lUl 8 o'clock to suit some of. them) so sat reading and waiting. - la the room was a woman suffering from an' internal com plaint, over whioh the mediam, and an old woman called “Granny,” positively gloated. Ail seemed to cherish the belief that when the right medium should he found her touch would cure it, and the mediam recommended another, to whom I will refer lower down as “a beautiful healer,” and said her magnetT ism might suit (the sufferers better than the peaker’a. •• Granny” eaid.ehehad.net er found a medium with magnetism strong enough for her, and (he had been spiritualist foryears. She certainly looked toogk. 1 Then there was “ Sich a gettin’ up stun,” and an old gentleman hailed' bjr the trio .in chorus as “ Daddy,” came in.- He pulled a small brandy .flask out of his pooket, and gave it tothe medium, saying,-“ This isa remedy for toothaohe.” She took it and thanked him. Then “Daddy” and “ Granny ” had one of those chuckling flirta tions that it takes old hands’ to negotiate successfully. Meantime the medium had put her ” toothaohemixture” agay, aud pnt tm a white dioging dress, rather, effective when the lamp- was ;tnrned~ down, giving her a ghost-tike - took. - By quarter past eight there were fourteen present, sapenarvapmtaatists for the most part. - : The woman with the interna! disease had asmuch aaid about it as any deoent spirit could be .expected to say, even; a spirit that snoke withloftysoora for the usually aooepted cause-of end cure forth*disease.." - . 1 Then some ono'aaid “ Granny’s off.” I had noticed the old woman falling asleep, as I thought, and wondered why she was not in bed: HoweVer,' she was working np a tranoe. “ Go to h’fcr; she’s got something she wants to iay,”:uiJ one. The medium's friend went and knelt iu front of her, and she sighed and slobbered over her for ten minutes, then said, “God bless you,” Mid woke. From remarks made it seemed that “ Granny’s ’ perfor mance that night was not up.to the mark. It wub a sufficiently sickening sight. I.ater on “ Daddy ” favored the company by “ going off. ” Sow. his performance, I hovo no hesitation in pronouncing dispnsting In fact, I have never seen such a sight any-, where. His attitude, as he sank in his chair with ids head fallen hmp, his chin on his breast, dribbling, bis hands limp on each knee, and breathing hard, seemed too much for the medium’s friend, and another, who shook him and said, “ Daddy, sit up,” in a way that said, 11 do not be idiotic ; you are overdoing it.” They got him into a better position, and the medium placed her hands on his head and said, “'Poor Daddy, the magnetism to-night is too strong for him.” ; A superior men appealed to me to know if I could see the spirit of his daughter sitting on the medium's knees. I said “No,” and he seemed disappointed. A woman —a sort of Dot Peerybingle—informed me she thought it great nonsense. She had just put baby to boa, and slipped in to see it ont of curiosity, because her sister was in a developing class and she believed it would send her mad. Now, a developing olass is where” sensitive young spiritB,” to quote their teaoher, are “ brought on,” and become mediums. Here more clumsy trioks than those that wrought the ruin ot Herr Panins are taueht young girls from one guinea upwards! i The medium who held the above seance and class was referred to as a marvellons inspira tional speaker. She spoke fluently and cor; reetly, but with great paucity of ideas, vocabulary and style. “Jerusalem,’’ “Golden City," and “Christmas Lilies” consti tuted the poetio .flights—they are olten used for that purpose by speakers of a certain taste. Not a single bright idea, beautiful metaphor nor finely-turned sentence escaped her. Yet people, spiritualists, say she is very fine; it was milk and water, and sky blue at that. Space precludes even a glimpse at other cirolea, but the “ beautiful healer’’ must not be forgotten. The “ beautiful,” it must bo understood, applies to her alleged gift . of healing, not to her faee, which is_ not only plain but evil- looking. I heard of her for the first time at the cirole, and all the spiritual ists said she was clever, and should be seen; her speciality is healing and private sittings at 5s. She has a circle, but only stands and addresses poople on a mixture of several re ligions, Eastern and Western. She is on the highest plane of spiritualism, she says, and could not sit in the room with anyone wholikes a table turned over or to hear a spirit rap. They are vulgar manifestations for fho vulgar of a beautiful religion, of which she and one or two elect hold the key. . She has been in the Holy of. Holies, and jumping tables will never satisfy her as they onoe did. Everyone seemed to eay a sitting with nor would lift one into another atmosphere, and was the sort of thing an inquirer ought i to seek. [I have ainoe learned what I did not know, that these mediums not only recom mend people from medium to medium here, but to mediums in oilier colonies, and send all particulars to the medium, who thus gets a great reputation amongst travellers, who mention their experiences on a'voyage.] 'It had also been foroed upon me that it was only half playing the game not to ask for a spirit When I asked the “beautiful healer”; if Bhe thought Bhe could bring my sister’s spirit for a conversation she said, “ 1 always suc ceed, no matter who flails. Sit you here. . 1 may take some time going off, bnt when I do, [ just talk as if your sister were here.” _ Sitting examining her bottles of oil used for rubbing those she heals and some other articles of her stock-in-trade on the table near, she took me unawares when Bhe dabbed out her hand and gasped in a whirlwind of delight, “Sister ! here I am at last. How I’ve longed for this. It was your spirit-guide brought you to Mrs Blank. Then, in ver bose style, was given the stock patter given in preois above, and more in the same style. Then, grasping my hand very tightly, she eaid, “ What friends we would have been if I had lived, but it was not to be, you see. It is all for the best, You can’t see it. You are blinded with grief, but ’ I can see it.” Then—and, gentlemen, ;it is recorded with the same: sorrow with which it was heard—she eaid men are bad ! Oh, so very,-very bed, deceivers, and many -other namoBtco numerous and impolite to mention were said to describe your characteristics to a nicety. Thenehosaid, “ Why don’t you speak to me? Let ms hear your voice again.” Now, really, I bad thought so little of the matter I had not framed a question, and staggered by the request, had not a thing to say. After a pause this oatne, but it sounded hollow, and did not please me. “ Of oonrse, I’m very glad to see yon.” The spirit reoipro cated the feeling. Then, unable to think of anything more intellectual, I said, “.De scribe your present home and life,” and in two brief minutes repeated this idiocy, for the medium was .off like a rocket, and took - about fifteen minutes to say over and over again that it was a beautiful and happy home, 'inhabited by beautiful spirits who took a keen interest in the dwellers on earth, and who were always ready to yam when wanted. Further ques tions were invited, but not put, so the medium shivered, awoke, took her fee, and said any time I ever wanted to speak to my sister again she would make an' exception, and only charge 2s Gd, for the girl was a beautiful spirit and far advanced in spirit land, and she expected as: she got in touch with us, would have something to say that wo should bear. It iB necessary to state here that I never had a sister, though simple cowardice pre vented the fact being stated to the medium.' I eaid to an ex-spiritualist, “ Surely tbero ! is something more than these silly games and this silly patter to he found ?’’ He said not in those circle's where yon pay your shilling for yonr chair and that are onen to everyone. That’s a fair sample. There are more re fined private oiroles, but only believers or those vouched for by friends as earnest in quirerscan go. (It shonldhave been mentioned above, that the mediums announce'at' the pnblio circle that they will “ sit ” with a ftw friends in private on sucf a night and aek friends to pees round the intimation, cue medium remarking that he had forbidden so aad iso to come to the pnblio seance, where hard spirits sometimes 'came as she was sensitive, and had to be kept from all sceptical , in fluence till stronger.. Then in these private circles you find much the same thing as else where. They know each (other and the history of anyone they bring; or set a confederate to find ont for social intercourse is port of the gome, these lower class .mediums just parody what, their betters do: Then spiritualism is not the same to-day as it was in my young days: then, it at tracted a different olass, now it is played ont comparatively. A great many ■. former spiritualists have, like myself, embraced the osophy. Oh, yee, oiroles investigate here ana there, but tho palmy days of spiritualism are over. YeB, the exposures had something to do with if • : Do the oiroles pay?—Well, formerly, yes! -Nobody grudged a shilling and'.20 or 30 would drop in twice a week for the fnn of the thing. Bnt not now. Yon see the size of the circles. Bad times have affected it like everytiiibg'eim. . . - . \; How very mundane of spiritualists to allow “ bad times ” and a consideration for paltry shillings to affect them. One would think that tho intellects that seek, and rtquire the mental pap dialled up for ’ theia^ would tiso superior to “shillings ” ui “times.”-- Bnt , thw do .not, it-seems. Even. beings “all tool” like the mediums have a regard for. the ■* shillingl.” , Just.another' instanoe of the weak little traits and foibles sometimes fonnd in truly great' people. . Even a medium can not be great all round at “price one shil ling.” .. ' Russia still "has many Odd arid curious .marriage customs. ': One is for.the bride and bridegroom to race rapidly dojm the. aisle/as soon aa the bridal .'procession'en ters tho church, because ot thebelieF that whichever places a foot first, on the.cloth in front of the altar will be master in the household. 