IISTE^DIJES "Short,Sharp,udShiny." '"Wot I Git a new broom 1 Gam! Why; the toffs' wouldn't give ;nuffin if. they thortl wasn't pore and .'adn't bin in buainess only yesterday.''. . Warm. Pugilism. " Cinders." . , . Qyclorama. • A new railway. "Continentals." Foundation Day. Rotunda concert. ^Railway collision. London wool sales. Escape of convicts. Labor settlements. . A splendid harvest. Bush fire at Tarlee. ' Corbett v. MitchelL Aliens in Australia; Scene in a law court. A singular allegation. A watchdog drugged. A homioidal husband. An unnatural brother. Death in the far north. Phylloxera in Victoria. Australia's anniversary. ' Death of an old colonist. Beautifying by electricity. Daring burglary in Sydney. Heavy rainfall at Cookbum. • Another rush: near Coolgardie. Timbucboo seized by the Erencb. ■ "The-Silence of Dean Mainland;" " ' Terrible railway accident) intRussta, Twenty more men sent to St. Hilda. Chinese warships visiting. Australia. Bismarck and thevEaiser reconciled. A mounted constable-commits-suicide. . 'Corbettbeat Mitchell inthethirclround. A yacht race at the Grange omSaturday. A mayoral party at .the Theatre to-night. The Chief Secretaryiis visiting Gippsland. Spirited bidding at the Ixmdon-wool Bales. Rich returns from the'iMurchison.goldfields. I 'Races and sportB at the Grange'to-morrow. Death from typhoid fever; at- Crystal Brook. Splendid nominations- fortthe Onkaparinga I races. . Chinkeysdn warships-are-going to visit Aus-1 traiia. . Many happy returns of the-day to Aus" traiia. Last night > of " Cinders" - afr-the. Theatre I Royal. Australia celebrates her 106th 1 birthday ] to-day. The heavy weather in Queensland is j abating. There are now 448 names on the.-roll of -un-1 employed. Splendid rains at Cockbnrn and all toe] dams full. Napoleon's ghost still appears nightly at the I Cyclorama. The railway revenue up to January 24 was I £552,148 3a. lOd. 1 A boy committed - for manslaughter -lor I drowning his sister. Professor Pearson is retiring from the Vic-| torian Civil Service. The nominations for this year's Onkaparinga | races beat the record. The City Volunteer Band, will play at the | Rotunda this evening. ' The new Victorian hangman.-is.-getting his| \- hand in as a flagellator. The fight between-Corbetb)>and Mitchell] lasted only nine minutes. Between 5,000 and 6,000 peopla-at-Tburs-*j day's Scotch " Continental." The Barns statue fund should'benefit largely j from last nighfs Continental. \- Pifby convicts^ have-eseaped from the' State] prison at Nashville, Tennessee. An interesting article on Australia's 106th ( anniversary in this morning's Advertiser. The number of names registered at the labor | bureau up to Thursday morning- was 445. The promoters of the Australasian Catholic] Benefit Arb Union have been fined £1 each. The enchanted fountain of laughing waters, creates universal admiration at the Cyolorama., The Holdfast Bay Yacht Clubwill racedromj Glsnelg to the Grange jetty on.Saturday-sfter-1 noon. ' The West Australian goldfieldB are-attract ing a deal of attention in mining circles in] England. "Storm and'Sunshine" wHl-bcthenext pro-] duction of the Norman-McLean Dramatio| Company. Mr. Duncan Gillies, the • newly-appointed | Ageht-General-for Victoria, leavesior England | by the Himalaya. . . The American courts have- declared the] contemplated fight between Carbett and | Mitchell to be-legaL A Parisian has invented amiagoesitim.--lamp I which enables photographs-.to -.be- takerr-anyy depth under water. The Duke of Cobnrg having become a| German sovereign has been doing homage to] his nephew, the Emperor. London Truth, states thateifcB^rincess of j .Wales has finally withdrawn frcHtt-aociety j owing to her frequent illnesses. . " A passenger train-in ItoamatcdQideJ'with^a. petroleum train, and in the, conflagration] which resulted. 15peieons werebnmtito death. | The Czar and Czarina-visited BorMteattent the opening of a church which has been erect® on the. spot where. the_ Imperial'tram wa wreoked, the Czar and- his fanrilyiiavmg -suol a miraculous escape. A - certain advocate, having arrivedtat thi old-sighted age, did not reoogaiseit, or did-no wish to commence the, use of "glasses. Ii pleading a cause-he had dxffiouMiy'in-seeingdiii notes, and, in order properfy.'to-)deoipher/ hi manuscript, kept holding- Ms- paper iurthe and further off. On one, oocaaton this- si annoyed the judge that he'at last- irarat-on with—" Mr. Jones, I would advisevydud»-ge one of two things, either a pair/ ob-itong&^or^; pair of spectacles." A Methodist-divine, amoldmian-who hat been brought up and trained in an agriculture community and who was accustomed to ua figures that suited the community, in whoa churoh there was-at one timoawrolent-cjiiarrel in one of his prayers was reported tobav said—" Oh, Lord, Thouknoweet that-thezewfi be pullings and hauEngsdn our spiritual tear until we are all unharnessed and putenp-t fodder in the-stall of eternahs^ivation.---Btd, he added, "O Lord, do grant us a-littl peace!" In a certain-ohuroh in lrelartd-aycrangpries took for his text—-"Thefeeding of " toe multi •tude." _But.be said—"And they fed tei people with ten thousand loaves-of bread aiu ten' thousand fishes." ThereaSj-an^Id. Irisfc man said—"That's no- miracle,; begorra,. •tcould do that myselff' which the priest -owei beard. The next Sundaytoe-prieBframioanaa the same, text, bnt/iietoadixt right, toia-time "Ahd they fed ten toouatid psopteion te loaves-'of bread andten fishes." He waited second, and .then leanedf.oveectoe, pulpit-air said—"And? oould yob. do, that, Mi Murphy?" Murphy nephed—"Sure, yoc •reverence, 1 could." "Andhow-oouidfyou d it?" said the priest. "9nre^yourrerveren« I could do it id> jp^V'feowr.ilrQm: .-v-^ 