• !bnO, rlY l L ATOAII1AR ER. eIINDLY. allow me to inLroduce r?yself. XIl Of course, you will imagine that the somewhat commonplace person who calls himself the author of this story is addressing you. Nothing of the sort. I have rouented him for the occasion, although I aun sensible he makes but a poor vehicle for the trans mission of ghostly thoughts and idens. Still, as it was necessary to materialise myself for this occasion, and he happened to be to let, I closed with him at once, on the condition \- that he should have a vacation in space until midnight. This arrangement will enable me to briefly tell you how I, a disembodied ghost--not that I ever heard of gay other kind of ghost -ata speaking to you with tile voice of a living iuanu-nt least he thinks himself a man. I waLit yo tell how I visited Aunt Natildu and lhad it out with her. I dmlit tlhat the proceeding was rude, but I really couldn't help myself. Any, ghost with a slhadow of slhadowy self-respect would have treated her in the same way. Only last night. I was off duty i Shandow land. Something had disagreed with mie. lly bonies nched; they weren't properly articulaled--I believe that is the correct termi. One also sutlbrs front rheumatism in t;hostland, not to any great extent, but just auiliciently so to be unpleasant. "Kindly put out your tongue," said inv professional adviser, still sticking to wordly phraseology frol slicer force of habit. I hadn't a lungue, so I couhli't. "lly dear Billles," lie said (my name is Biflies), as lie dug me inl the ribs until they rattled, " iy dear BillIes," what we nlit is change of scene. We're decidedly low pinitlg for sometlhing. " \e've been here twently years without a holiday and it's glowing monotonoue. We must have a slnight off. W\e want tone -bracing up-we Sto..taiai.-f-somethingt r npleiuiai s li will iltniatly- dissipate tlle plaeldlty <of (;hostland, Sonleono who uieed to lquairrel with 0ts i the old days wheln we were allve. Think, we 'must think, of some one down therle." "1No; cain'tl tlhink of aiiyone dowil there." I said, aiter a momient of shadowy retlec tioni; "it's a longtiimio ago." "' Think," my doctor repeated, as he felt for an imaginaury wiateh, and rammed it ilnto a suou.existent tncket. " Someone who used to disagree witlh you very lmuch. Didn't you-ec-oever lmarry down there?" The'lnl I remeibered Matilda, A slllldder ralt down ly opine. " No-no," I said ; " very nenrly, but she wriggled out of it." "lese-ell--still downi there 1" lie asked, In Ilia oll Iprofessonal tonlles. " We want a tonie, lny dear Blille-- wo want tono--we want rousing--forcibly rousing--w-wee mllust look lher up- if she hasn't married. Shu'll rouse us. .Who was slhe?" ".'Matilda," I said sorrowfully, for I didn't wanl to be roused (I remenimber Matilda's lcetliods of rouslng mle int the plast). Site was very pretty thefl, but had a-a temper enioigl to nkle your boeles rattle. " All, yes; i just the very thing, the very thing for s,"' lie iliurlluured, "(;o cdown anil call there to-nigllt. Ylou will be thankl - fill enoughll to get back again, but it iwill, iioublless, make a little change for you." 'Somehliow' I hlud forgotten ail aboiut Mlatihll. She ihad been one of the dreams I had failed to grasp when 'I was alive. \Ve were pychdical afinities once. Ifow ipretty she wll Itlhen! Golden hdrh, too, and blue eyes, iinl a voice lilke the soft mnlsi of Ihe wind amuiol? the pinle tops wheun-when she wnanl't lgry?; but when she was nllgry it became like the roarling of a gale at sea. All, tlhat leler 1 She sitild sie would never mairry a lmain who siioked, uniiiless lie did It in a greelnholuso where.it would keep off tlhe Ilies. Aind so we ihad parted. - She said that. I seemed to thlink that matrimony was all smoke; and lthat smoke in ,drawing-rooml curtalins was a thillg no wolmnO would pub tip with,. So we agreed to disagree. i caught the ten o'clock 'lnuiutoni Special, and reached LonI.don li forty.five seconds. The guiird landed me in Mlatildla's dtrawilg. rooui. In auiother recond I found mysell confrontitig two ipsychical afllilnties. Just imusghle youllrself traisferreld front tlioe hill, sltadowi'y deleltlis of Glloslltal to a wosli of warmth and light and love. Thile liro burned brighltly it cat purred on the hearthl. T'lhe omnl was gay iand co.y, the air sweet with the fi'agraiice of flowers. Not the scent of cold, dead blosasoms, but living I incenme swhlich floated aroundl whal lad i llceu e heoun lUy hleart, as 1 olailed miy hands in mule benlediction over. his black curls aind heru golden hairl. I gathered frlni their conl versationl lhatl the goldenhniired girl was llatildl's niece. loe was called Dick, and her aine wasl E] iuily. 1 [urtlher Rathered th ob sle was ldependent onll. latildlii, who ruled her. wilth hue rodl of iron whlcrewith o lieo haid ruled lie in lthe lays of olid, when I was exlpected either not to smnoke or to do so ilthout, spniling tIle curtains, . --'t Matlili, it iappieared, l-hall 'resolved never to coniient to tDick lnd E]umily's aiiiarriaige, wlhich was julst whillt iight hali lve been expeeted fromn Moulilln;: Matilda ha ll goule o bed l'will cotlon wool in her ear all an a cold liher nose. And poor Dick hadn crelpt dowii the ?area, i ciid cook hurl let him in to spend a fewi' nliiulks witti the beloved one, just Lto renew Iheir vo't allnd coulmforteach oilither, lie wasl full of hope. The- worvl was hard, le said, but love iisi' stronager thllan tile worlld ol' evel'deatll Itself, and ile would conquer the world,l a-nd ' they would lie ha ppily ever after in ia suburbans villi, witlhout being afraid of even a tax collector. 'lhen lie somewhlat sorrowfully, for ill his bravo words,' iwent away, a nd Emiily, ther face buried his the sofa, prayed for something to soften tallt portion of mAlatiltllas natoniy which sihe called a heart. I felt a phantoml lear steal down wohere lmy nose shoull have beenl. hen I lail iny flesh-hand on Emily's shoulder aihd piressed a shadowvy kiss iupon her fail wlite forehlead. "Don't hbe frali, iln denl," I shfl, s oftly, "I'll tackle lntila .i..' i.e can't hurt lie- liowsI;" and i' usi Ilislaire before Emnlily coull give mare tihan a stanrledl little eeream uitdd tidohoer face in the sofa cushion. - I eLupposo it waS ratllher a rude thling, to enter a lady's room at thant hour, especially as I hadn't been invlited to do so, and did'et d sveo knockY hut' r sun veiy oligiy sIRithi ii Ilutlilelo' She lied otscIbsiu nllinelalbloiu fi ealtl,h for ltwenty yealre; nail oInow olin new carrylng on thie alile sort of tlilis wsitl tiene younsg: evtitc~l Isettulled on iflo clil at th fo ao lhet i, and riil to Lpreventlt my teeLth fron clhatleriuig. luatildn sit til in bed wvithl the wool in Ie i' ears and a lockilng lieu ronild licheulad. Ase a prelhinilvry proeeiedinl I bicw ont tihe wool. n Its a favolrits (lick fnl yo iiiortalst to stuff things i yoir elve arit lind lot lieten, . A fire bulnr cheerfullyil h. then gratre. (Matilda alwtnyns could luae care of Iherself.) On 'lier:'little roulld, table stootd ta bottle v labelled " T'lihse nilxtuire. ''o be I.aken s I before." Ituni'elt (llF spite oiif ditsgulslng polpermili) lite tinse m hnfl Invtd--tlv-somi tliig wl iti in nromna-at biclhehlor ''l ires wschi I Iian itlVe.e.' I "oshel 'oerr,- in1111 forgettlin ml n phy !simlal iinlitut o s drali k eome. Yeor, I ws ei'll'htlb was lnuch stronger than peliperin'llt. It ran downi' over thie beldl, bnut,' f'itluaIelhy for IOc, llabtlts flled L to iotlice It, . A It sourried bkce to thle lied sail, Nlatilda saw -me otidt groaletl' (hinltitlda wao hrlIwYs rlude.) I lo slieai'ctled" to be terribly lfrlghltied. "It's onliy eIl'?lt?y,"L I aid, tllinklhig the endenris dhnlinutlllve "hlttLy" Ilight eoothte hier,. ' ltis olty ic I'Je ijt droipied in for a quiet chlltt-fronl i u" atinhai' wrirkled nnd-tltteulcmcevdl aid face titrned u whlitte. '-She Inled to hide it iI thie clothlien,'but I roiulan't let her, S'ln--l'm afRrad It is rialtel'r hlleltaiclateof, hlltty," llnid. " But 'iln lere oit bu.si t ness, alid It Vwon't keep. ]It's lo use screamitl for anlyoell. Tllhey ciin't ( lr ltl InC aot." hluailda recovored. '(Tihat womln always ey Ltl pityal (1 iyJ* .It ?'u py, !k " 8a lihe said, as If ale dclda't think mech of me. "1-I fancied ye'" titi gaie ton place whore they couldn't give up smnoking." .uset like Mlatry. Always nlgellerous, always unforgivine. It made me feel alive a again jest to hear her shrewish tones. Sithe evidently wasn't a bit afraid of mie now. That made thile whole scene seem natural at once. S" Just explain whlt you mean by coming n at this hour. If yol'd been alive 3yon would not hanve dared. I'd have scratched your eyes out." r" Te enouglh," I said, meditatively. "I S ould Ihave bcoie frightened. Time hasn't sa oftened you much, Mallty." " No," site said, " I'n as tough as old red sandstone. If you don't go away I'll throw thlings at you. W\Vat do you want?" " Only one thing,"I said. " You're every comfortable here, Matty. How do you do it ? Two and three-quarter per cent. Gnschens T" " Never you mind," she snalpped. " You left sie tthe money." " Yes," I nid, thoughtlilly nIrsingi my left leg acd baliancing myself in an niry attitnle on the rail, just to let her see Illhat I wasn't frightened. " Yes, I did. That's what 1've come abolut." " Well, you can't have it," shle replied. " You'd better be offl If you room again I'll prosee.te you. You never did have any sense of prolpiety when ieyoui were alive." " Always hasty, lnatty. All, ime; what an escape I bad." She sat up inll bed angrily, "If you do't go I'll have you turned st.' " If veyou're not quiet I'll romplrol? youell, Ilatly,t' I said. "You rigid Wesloyanns don't like a seaindl, nd 111 l materialise myself. How dto you like tlhat?" " If you take tie same shape ylou once had," dhereldied, "I shouldn't like it at all. Whatd'you waot?" " Only one thing- charminilg tuban you're wearilng, Mlaty. There wno always son e. thing Orientel In your astyle of beauty;, Ob1 .ye".-iklrwa'?jult ivtlift$? l 'acll'?l '. -,' S" w 'bhbt is It!" " Yell meust m1ake over your- 2. el)st cent. Gosensclls to your niece acid coiisont to her Ilarlilige with Dick, or" --I paulsed signlificantly. "Or what?" she enquired., " \\\ell, you see-but I'd rather not explain." "You must. ' " Oh, very well, if you insisH I sup pose I'll have to. You know where you Iinted I caime from ?" Sie nodded untlil her turban crsle all. " \ell, I don't wanllt to seem lainld, Mnatly, bub unless you tdo as I wish about that little amtter you'll Ilave to go back with smc." She shnlieked, Then slhe reflected. " I could make it very uncomfortable for you there, I supposlse 1" " Poerhaps, but I'm wlllig to give IIIp my Iersonal comfnort for the sake of tlose young pcflae." " You always were ia fool," she sneered. (lter rudenosso It'as quite rfrerI.shing. I felt over o0 Iuclh better.) " You Ilwalys r ere a fool, tllt I'll do it, If only to get rid of you." " It's a promise ?" I asked. "Ofcourese I lnever break my vword." "No; yo'lld ratther breilak eolneOllo's else's heart.. Then wlye liav conslderi this little iiatter arra'ngled " I slid on to Ilhet countlierlpane and laid all icy hand upon her heart. " Yes-yoe," she gasped. " I)--don't ido that agaill you'll lemake my cold worse. a Onlly go anld I'll. wena to do it." "No, your plroianle Is suillicient," and T e tinrned to go. "'lItlt's oil. Good-nlighlt." "(lood.nightl she snappeo, " I'll noettlo all that tonlmorrow." " Youo-youl woulin't like o shllke c handls ?" laiggested timily (I .nlways was I afralid of her). "Shake Iaiud before we r part, I nightn't get ia nlght offl' r anotheri' twenti y years. W'e -we've had 0n 'ery Oijoy. able le teteae. Quite like old timesl." tShie heltd outa hand ilmonast as cold as limy own. Then she beganc to cry. People dlo cry after talinl g too Illelmuch ptoilelnllint. " \'talt's the Imlatteri, litlilin "' I askedi, in ll usltanislhmenlt. "I really did love yell," shie sobbed. " I -Ishouldti like to Itiss youl just onlce," I sltarled back in terror. " leally, I ialatildl, I ihave a reluiation It, iminlain. l TIlls i altltllo too ncll . Imc 'mlP only an inpro. leeted glhost. You shouldn't, 3youtl kllow, really," andil Isped fromll tlhe roome, "1 wonder if Ithat sweet irl will Over knoiiw," I tllhougt to imyself, as I entered Ilciily's roon. I tinftoldei in her goloeu halir, ilie ly' les l. ing, a smile luploni her lovely li. s, lor ohite eyelitds were cloeedl over her beaiti fill eyes : one little while hand Ily on tilhe coverlet. I fellll lly y ghostly laknees, and the waalnii stld life e of the gil's surt ee ialore stole into me no I lifted her lhand to nlly Ilphantom lipts lin edthen failed noiselessly y raway into thle Kin ldo of Dieaneas and lShadlows bark to the uiiict-, drowsy iauiintiis of Ily fellow"plhirits, t ltre to linger, Iholurh , longilg to take t my plce gaiitn in all th11e lit. fuil lever aid thle strifo which men call life.- Isxchn.uite. A NOBLI' ACT. 'lRll?r wios an oil o ie gro IIonling ill n i skil oin tile bend waters of the ,icclling. hlIe waes fiilshg-lisll mighly tine dowln itn. wny. I-to hald n boy in the boat witLh hint who khept loolking inlt te water until lie lost hits hbullce and disalpearled in thle water. Quicker than I could tell you the old man had his coat off and dtov for the boy. 11e broiluglt ili ip all right, nd 111lien rowe o d for thIu banki. \\\hen they got out, tdiilnl ll of Coulrse, a1 white aiiin, who had Ceen the whole business, ceomplimnted the old 0anu I on lis leaeroic aict. "lle omust be a son of yours?" elsad tlhe while nilli. " No ; Io, sih0 I no elon of inle." a "Nephew, Ltheoi - 1 "No, aii," "Consin lll " o; no cousin." "Tihe you deserve all the more coreditfo, snvinr his illfe." ".\ell, I don0' know 'boulot iat bose., You see te e had all. le bait inA is procket," AND LINDLEY UIltRAI L \WET. "r. 'To a I'anri.row waiter bolongo tho: iroiud t disl'ictioln ofl i elrillg Wliat it o probaby. the Ilot iillgi'nllintllll, n Ical I-seliLenice' eroa? I'rolved froi lhe brlino 'ou f illiteraite iannn .slitilrdy ftiernlonll oala nll lni ootk lhis seiao t Ihe tahbleo, lid i ve his a'lssinal ildar t to nlluw atllld rilati ro: iahstardenedplate i toner' .1 " 01Wil'er," tle reliedo, as thle dllhes welo ( elianmed i own et l ire hlim, " thisl beef Isn't sullicleotly uianderdone.t o , \Vith a smile ol contemnlt --tleo serviLot bore the vhinids bick Lo the kitclheon wilidowi tI alid rOtuiraiedil na oomeant.llter witlthotiu having tchiaited thle. "Say old nt," hte tle ud t lrougiarhls eluached leetl, "'we tahn'b got ci beef wtalt'i a II atsni'irdo iier I'' .SOME. "UDON'TS" FOIl OIRI t. I)oo'r boileve, IOmpilcilty everytitng o h tells you whi11n ie Is ivooinlg you, I Don't let lhhnawin your lode too esadly men dto -nllh tike tlltI ht "y oulil rathiel have aii little Irot ble In nilli 'oi , I)ota't worry the life oit of tlla by sklishlig hiln "i.\lly lto yOIt tvo tnoe'l"' He deesnat I inlwys Inave an anlisior tfor 30 J.o)l'bt; bnther lun tootitiacb:naotl' yoarl uhtsilid en10110n inn likes le tliinktl 0 yo l dresslo lioese hlm; but tiehues other thtlgo to Inlh nboitl, . . i)nn't Intore h-las tIefat lteai he wenars a now t ieeltle ;i 1 ii aanlan hnes a Lender spolt of vanity it Is generally his lie.t In i smlnall tonlil in Lnmcasthlare a Initlater lotell hils Fellnin Ille h lohter cly wilh tllhese vordsl I " \le wnoldt be pleased, Ilireaver, to have thle yUanig lcna whlo is salndillg outalde the a dnoourcolelie i aind allt aki cerialn w',liethier i se i is iher or nlot. Tluhat wo'ld be a great deal ili lalter hIman elpnilllg thle deor hil1 aio inchil 0 anal sllosllhg lia lir:1 hi 11t It lttOll'W l I eso?! 1 a bjiiIi" , 