A WIFE'S CONFESSION. CHAPTER. ^H.— (CoSTDrtJED.'} - ?'Her mother? Well — when a' man is hunting high, and low for tie mother-in- law I suppose one must awn that there is something strange, ef ter all, in the world.' «Nq — her father. The unspeakable I 3coundrel — to be hounding a poor lady about in this way. I'm looking for ward to a solitary interview with Mr. | Furness one of theBe fine days. Next to Marion and her mother, he is the I creature Fm more anxious to meet than anybody else in th¥?world.' ^ I ' If you dig zo§ et V*' — 'what should I you do P' .s I Guy shrugged his shoulders. ' I don't think there's much nteed to con sider that,' said he. ' Anything that j trill give this poor lady peace, what I sver it may be. 'Well . . . A pleasant journey home. I wish I could travel down I with you, instead of when the Docks will let me. I've got another appoint [ ment before turning in — so I must [ shake hands now. Here our ways I divide.' ' When shall you be back at March grave?' ' To-morrow, I hope. Goodr-night' ' Good-night, Heron.' ; John Heron, having shaken hands cordially with Guy, lighted a fresh cigar, and steppod out more briskly. The two had left the city behind [ them long ago, by way of Fleet street and the Strand; and the banker now struck from Pall Mall to the [ north-west, always walking, until he I reached Upper Vane Street, which as j every Londoner knows, has joined Huntley and Eastwood Squares ever einee the days of Queen Anne. It was not an unlikely place for a con tractor, or parliamentary agent, or anybody in a great, solid, and respectable way of business, to be found in after office hours; for an aristocratic flavor still lingers about it, and it is still quite common to see a blazoned hatchment over the central drawing-room window, just as it is by the side of the front door to find an extinguisher like a Pierrot's cap — a relic of the days when linkmen used to wait upon sedan chairs. It is not a very long street, but tolerably broad ; and its tall brick houses, with generously wide entrances and double doors, sombrely absorb, instead of reflecting, the gaslight by night and the sunlight by day. It is not a lively street ; but it has a quiet, comfortable, and even distinguished air, and the respectability of its address is un deniable — eminently suitable for peo ple who, if not social roses themselves, i are sufficiently well oft5 to pay for the | privilege of living well within the per I fume of tKe roses.. $fo brass plate, ' except one, hardly larger than a visit ing card, On the door of a fashionable physician, marks the professional element that had no doubt crept in of late years ; Tlobody as yeir^ostensibly it least — conceals a contraband lod ger; and butlers and broughams are still as numerous as normal human nature, which really loves dulness in the depth, of its heart, can desire. There is a legend that a lady from the opera, who used to sing on Sundays with all her windows opfen, once sojourned in Upper Vane-street; Jrut not* for long. And there was yet a darker legend, but nobody was ever quite able to gather its nature, except that it concerned Xo. 17. Upper Vane-street runs north and south, Huntley Square being at the north, end ; and at the back of the western side — there are special reasons for special accuracy — runs Eastwood Mews, a cul-de-sac with an entrance into Eastwood Square. Of this western Bide, with back yards and offices run ning to the mews, the central numbers are 16, 17, and 18. No. 18 was .in the occupation of two elderly maiden sisters, Miss Burdon 1 and Miss Charlotte Burdon, who had a long lease of the house and an ample income from the Funds — quiet ladies of ecclesiastical tastes and habits, aris tocratic connections, and .early hours. No. 16 was in the occupation, still following the Directory, of a Mr. Ward) a quiet bachelor, occupied in the City with some one of those multifarious pursuits which, being ' in the City,' include alike the lending of millions and the borrowing of half crowns — in . his case an eminently respectable and profitable one, or he would hot be in Upper Vane-street. He was also understood by the neigh boring butlers and their subordinates to be of a (scientific turn, for lie had a room in the upper part of the' back of the house fitted up as a laboratory, of which he kept the key and did all the cleaning, like a prudent man. The service of the two houses was rather lop- sided, the Miss Burdons keeping the regulation butler, three maids, a coachman, and a boy in livery ; Mr. Ward, only an elderly c.ook and a middle- aged housemaid, whose places were nearly sinecures. No. 17 was empty, a fact possibly due in some measure to the legend that aobody rightly knew. Few people are. fully aware of the number of houses in London, to which some such dim legend clings. Some day, perhaps, -the heading * Haunted Houses * will be made a regular feature in the Cong; Guide. And then people will foolishly wonder that there are so many in &\- p^fy^bicIf'pltfeieB^itseliji not without good cause, on being the most enlightened in the world. Fool ishly* because, the» iwoinfier should be all the other way. How is it that, many as they/ would seem, they are really so few? The wonder is that every house built more than a gene ration ago doeB not swarm with ghosts. For what-aiafcghosts but visible memo ries P And' how is it that anybody can fail to see the innmnerable memories with which every London house must needs be haunted, is past all understanding. . However that may be, No. 17 Upper vane-street was empty, and yet was not to let, so far as anybody could tell, j How that came to happen might well ! have rbeen food for all manner of;] comment and gossip in. many parts* of' the world.; but Upper Vane-street — above stairs, at least — was not inquisi tive, while below stairs there seemed nothing odd in the vacancy of a house j where no servant would had lived for j treble wages. The Miss Burdons had j plenty of interests, domestic, eccle- 1 siastical, and social, without bothering themselves over strangers' house pro perty — indeed, they rather preferred an empty kitchen next door, con sidering that gossip is too precious a thing to be let out of the drawing room. And Mr. Ward, On the other side, had Vii« chemicals ; which is to say, that he had no turn for any gossip that did not concern some scandal or other about the conduct of Ethyl or Aniline — who are not young ladies, despite their names. And so up and down the street on both sides — for neighbors in Upper Vane-street were real Christian neighbors, they did as they would be done by, and avoided the faintest knowledge of one another, as all really good neighbors do. . However, there was, both by day and by night, something about No. 17 to catch the eye of any commonly ob servant stranger — such, for instance, as John Heron. Between its two next door neighbors it looked both deaf and blind. There was a gas-lamp right in front, as if to draw particular attention to its peculiarities. And the rays fell upon blindless and curtainless win dows, looking like black socket with out eyes, and yet staring. John Heron was certainly not a man sensitive to fanciful impressions. But any daring financier must have a good share of imagination somewhere about him, and he could not help a curious glance at No, 17, before he knocked and rang at No. 16, Mr. Ward's. Possibly, how ever, he was only thinking whether the purchase of a lease in so good a neighborhood as Upper Vane-street might not be a good investment of spare funds. He had not become the great man he was without keeping his eyes open for chances, both great and small, here, there, and every where. * * * * It is magnetism, however, of one sort or another, whatever we may call it, that rules the world — from the Btars in their courses to the meeting between a mutton chop and a hungry man ; from love and hate to a passing glance at one stone rather than another by the wayside. There was real, tangible reason why the glance of John Heron or of any other passer-by, should seek for a moment to penetrate the black ness of those blank, staring eyes without balls. For there was life behind them, dead though they seenjed.o.. - ..- ... .... , .V.'«. ??? Had any glance pierced far enough, it would have entered a large upper room at the back of the house, without any window, and ventilated, not lighted, from above, bo that neither daylight could pass into it from without and no lamplight out of it from within. There were two doors — once more to be precise, for oause-^-one opposite to where a back window should have been ; the other apparently in the party wall on the south side. The iloor.-wasJtuaa.vily carpeted; with -several thicknesses of drugget, and -the same stuff was hung from the cornice, instead of paper, over the walls, so as to effectually imprison even more than ordinary sounds. The furniture was still more peculiar than the hangings. A stove was brought out into the room from the north wall, furnace fashion, supplied with large fixed bellows and a pipe for smoke* which, instead of passing through the roof, traversed the ceiling, and disappeared in the wall above the opposite door. There was a dull fire in the stovei and on a bench hard by was a row of crucibles. On other benches ranged along the wall were singular little engines composed of screws and cylinders, with boxes of punches, drills, and other instruments not usual in any recognised trade. A large bare table, stained and burned, bearing a shaded lamp, occupied the middle. The general aspect of the room was confused ; but a very cursory glance was enough to show anybody who knew anything about the condi tions of work that the seeming ' con fusion was systematic and arose from having everything ready to hand. Nevertheless, half smithy, half laboratory, as the room appeared, it was not No. 16 where Mr, Ward studied, chemistry, but No. 17, with which he had no more concern, than the Miss Burdons on the other side. There was plenty of Space for Hie three occupants of the house which looked to passera-by bo forlornly empty. Two Of the three were men ; the third was a girl, -who sat on a low stool in front of the furnace, warming her toes 'and staring at the embers. Of the two men, one was sitting, with' dangling legs, on the central table— ra short, thick-set figure with close- cropped hair and a dark red, beard, covering jaws and throat, with moustache- of the same Color, through which the mouth was scarcely to be seen. The hair bristled down in a peak over a low but ?broad ferehead, well-developed dyer the eyebrows ; and under these, deeply get find sjnj|j&^y '^ close together, We're'a'pair t&. thick,' depressed nose, narrow af the bridge and brotd at the nostrils, Bcarcely projected beyond the high cheek bones* His breadth of chest and shoulder, and his length of arm, pro^ mised unusual strength ; while an almost savage gravity' about the pale, pitted, bearded face, and the cold: blue eyes, 'argued 111 fat him Against whom that strength might be used. The second, leaning over one of the long benches, and examining some small object held so close to his -face that he nearly swept it with his eye lashes, was the ;veryi opposite of the other, beyond that both were dressed in a sort of loose blouse, .scorched and stained. He was probably somewhat the younger of the two ;? but' the pe culiarities of hi« face and figure made his age hard to telL A large head, of which the forehead seemed to run up all the way to the crown, with cadaverous features and scanty, silken, colorless hair, hung forward as if too heavy for the slender neck that was prevented from balancing it properly by shoulders that came nearly up to the projecting ears, between which a narrow chest sank almost into a hollow channel, giving scarcely room for the lungs. Besides being thus deformed, the man was pitiably, though not repulsively ugly, with his long, weak nose, his chinlessness, his lantern cheeks, his sallow com plexion and long thin lips, of which the lower seemed to have insufficient musculaT force to keep it from falling^ Nevertheless, there was a sort of re finement about the face, though per haps due only to physical feebleness, and there was something more than : refinement about the soft, white hands, with supple joints, and long, tapering pointed fingers, of which one of Dr. Snell's . duchesses might be proud. And wfien the ill-made, twisted, sickly scarecrow laid down what he was ?examining, and turned towards the lamp, there blazed out of that blurred and feeble face two great black burn ing eyes that seemed to have been made for an emperor. ' Cynthia,' said he, in a voice harshly thin from weakness, ' look at this. Will it do?' The girl seemed to prick her ears like a dreaming spaniel at the sound of a whistle, tossed back her curls, and did not rise from her stool — die sprang. And if her fellow tenants of No* 17 in Upper Vane-street, the demure and the conventional, were strange in their several ways, she was for more strange in hers. : She gave one at once the impression of a fairy — small and slender, upright as a dart, and swift as lightning. Perhaps she was pretty ; .but he would have^been a strange per son' who cared, or would have troubled himself to examine, point by point, a face which, had it been, downright ugly- would still have had its charm. Nobody could have told from memory, and scarcely even when in her presence, whether she was dark or fair, pink or pale. He would only hs.ve noticed, and therefore, only remembered, a small face sparkling all over with a hundred moods and humors at once — a face so speaking that one seemed to hear it rather than to see. The man with the red beard, as he swung his legs and smoked a long pipe -with a painted china bowl, might have thought he saw a meeting between life and death as the girl with the sun light spatkling out of her turned to the corpse-like creature with the blazing eyes. 'Will it do? Won't it do! Glo riously,' she almost sang. ' You are quite sure ?' ' ' Why, Stephen, you know it wilL What a fellow for doubting you are. Now, old Red Beard there never doubts anything or anybody — he couldn't, if he tried. Perhaps you'll doubt that next,' said she, throwing herself up on tiptoe, dropping him a kiss be tween the eyes, and then darting far enough, back for his great purblind eyes to see nothing of her but her smile. ' And perhaps I do,' said he, with the film of a sigh. Cynthia — as he had called her — laughed. ' No, you don't,' said she. 'Then I do. . . . JuBt that one thing. Cynthia, are you quite, quite sure that the die — this die — will do ?' . ' Why this, more than any other, owl that you are f ' ' Because it's my lasin— there. And because I want my last piece to be a masterpiece. Thafs why.' ' Your last, S|ephen?' ' Yes. I've made up my mind ? ' ' Indeed, you've done no such tiling. .Your mind, indeed ! That's my busi ness. Yon forget that when people's minds want making they've got to come to me.' « Let him speak,' said Eed Beard, in a slow, foreign drawl. ' It is good, once upon a dime, to hear the tongue of a man.' u Meaning I talk too much/' said Cynthia. ' Of course 1 do. And if I had 20 tongues I'd talk 20 timed more. If you don't like it, Stephen does ; and if Stephen doesn't, I do. And if I don't— J' ' Hush,' said the other. ' I have made up my miud,. queer as that may -seem. I only wish I'd made it up. ever so long ago. I didn't rebel against social tyranny to become a nlavfi. NoW lonk Tinrfi. rkmfjsm. rttii? look you too, Peter Peterson. What's the good of all this slaving out of one's brains to me and you P' ' I know,' Baid Bed Beard* ' It means & great pig vdrtune— ones upon a dime.' (10 BE CONWNTJEB,) EegkKt Dbownxng CA-bjsb. *- Writing feom St. Peters on 1st instant Mr. Peter M'Garry says : ' I 'write in reference to the statement in last night's Bvwxmo News relating to a ' Sad Drowning F&telity; 'at Marrickville. The facts of the case are as follows: On the evening in question I arrived home about 6.30, and -was informed by my /wife that a child had been drowned j in&Traterholeclpseby.; I immediately pro ceeded tetheacesae of the accident and found tne girl-Morence tfcbel had been in the ?water^baif-an-honr^ I dived in, and after atmaxter^f -En-hour's search in the dark, succeeded in finding the body of the child— -too late, however, to restore anima tion, although the proper method of rasuBCi taiaon -was applied before the arrival of Dr. Rrtricfc The girl DottieOllertonvhich I am credited with, rescuing, -was, however, rescued, by a relative \ of the deceased half'-an-hour before inj arrival on the scene.' . ? - ? -'.?'?? ? ' Vat Ctosniui kiA Cold»-Col»mwi8 and Sen* JSuobf ljp^BJrtrWtfclAl*— 0. ' - . : 