An Avenue ot Gedars. The Wonderful Eoadway Tliat Leads eOBTt MIWE3 or MAGNIFICENT TBEE3, IMB03 IK'S IN THEIR GItANDEUB. Peculiar Ceremonies at the FcmeraE *f a Japanese GirL From Tokio to Nikko. in Japan. The Japanese, when they entombed, at Nikko, Iyeyasu, one of their greasiest statesmen and heroes, the founder of the Tokugawa dynasty of military rulers, whose power came to an end only with the revolution of 13G3, after lasting three oenturies — planted better than they knew when they built an almost straight road from Tokio to the saored ground at Nikko, lined the greater distance ou cither hand with pines and cedars, whose fragrant breath and giant topB pprfnme and shadow the path. Sinoe then 3G0 years have come and gone, adding year by year ring growths, till now these forest giants guard the way, mature and vigorous, as if age only added to th9ir strength. This avenue of cedars reaches almost forty miles of the way from Tokio to Nikko. I have seen avenues of oaks at Windsor and Buckingham maybe two miles or over long ; bnt think of it 1 a roadway graded level, about twenty feet wide, curbed at both BIDES, with living water running, and with steeplysloping banks from sis to twelve feet high, and npon these in an endless procession the great cedars of Japan. X wonder if the world elsewhere can xnatoh it. Noble trees impress most people; with me, never before had I felt the dignity, the majesty, that trees like these could give as an expression of human emotion. The desire which the descendants and successors of the great Iyeyasu had to embody in a fitting way their reverence for his—to them— godlise powers could not possibly have been disylayed in a grander manner than is seen to-day in this wonderful avenue of cedars. They stretch along mile after mile, eometimes only singly in a straight line close together, the Bwelling bases quite touching each other, and then they stretch out in couples and tripletp. Often twin trees seem to spring from one base. Nowhere is there absoluteness of straight line, bnt everywhere that delightful unbalanced symmetry peculiar to Japenese art and which Nature only teaches. The cedars vary in diameter from two feet to six feet. The bark is redish, thin and close set in rather narrow parallel strips. The trunks are straight and uniformly ronnd, reaching fifty to seventy-five feet in height before branching much, and reaching an altitude of 130 to 180 feet. The branches are not large in proportion to the trunks, so that trees stand close together, interlacing their shade. • We entered this avenue from the railway station, Ufsu-no-miya, at about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, having arranged for jin-riki- SHAB and extra men to pull us all the way to Nikko, expecting to reach there before dark, but it was nine Japanese ri, equal to about twenty-three English miles, and a moderate up-grade all the way, and it was nine o'clock at night before we reached Nikko. Solemn and imposing indeed was the shadowed way during the afternoon hours and short twilight, bnt doubly solemn as night settled down, and nothing could be distinguished. The jin-riki-shamen seemed to feel their way with their feet; a paper lantern with a tallow candle lighted the space that a firefly would. The banks of the roadway were quite above our heads, bnt one after another we could see the great trunks of the cedars leading up till lost in the upper darkness. Every now and then the " riky " men would startle ns by '«Ha," then " Sh," " Sorya," the expression of warning, and then some gray ghost of a belated traveller would silently slide by. Then we would see glimmering lanterns ahead, and long stretches of pack-horses loaded with charcoal, baled rioe and bamboo poles, would go noisily by. There was no wind, no insect BoundB. At intervals of two or three miles we wonld come to a large village built on either side of the road, at which point the avenue of cedars ceases, only to commence solidly and uninterruptedly again at the end of the village street. At Nikko the avenne practically ends, and there tho largest and oldest of the oedara group themselves in forest-like masses around the great Shogun's tomb. A JAPANESE FUNERAI,. The eldest daughter of Otani Kahei, a rich rioe merchant of Yokohama, died recently, 15 years of age, and I witnessed the funeral prooession as it passed along one of the main streets of the city. It was nearly a mile in length, and contained probably a thonsand persons,'including mourners, friends, priests and flower-bearers. First came six great bouquets or stands of flowers arranged in a conical form, each about eight feet high, two feet in diameter at the bottom, tapering to the top. Tueae consisted of alternate circles of flowers and evergreens, and were strikingly effective in character. The stem or handle ot each was a green bamboo about five inches in diameter, fixed at the bottom in a somewhat ornamental wooden base. They were carried braced to sbeulder-poles by coolies, with relays of men to relieve them occasionally. Following these were six stands of artificial flowers, gilded and silvered; after theee the young female relatives and friends of the dead girl, richly dressed, each in a jin- rikisha. Then came no less than fifty-two enormous Btands of flowers and evergreens—suoh as first described—borne in pairs, followed by a large number of tsukuri-bana (artificial flowers). Then came a solemn-looking " Shin-kwan " (Shinto priest), who tapped upon a sacred drum ; after him & number of Eaered tnusioians in full dress and hats, playing upon small bamboo fifes. After these, in jm-riki-shas, a number of Baddhist priests, with shaven heads, dressed in riohcolored robes, holding in their laps some symbolic vessels containing rice and other— to me—unknown substances. Over these were held enormous crimson paper umbrellas, carried by Hearers dieseed in white. Aftei these oaine a man holding " Ihai," a wooden tablet on which the name of the dead girl was written ; then two men followed with incense burners ; then many more stands of flowers, both natural and artificial. Then came the body in a plain coffin covered with white, BORNE high upon a platform, over whioh was a canopy. Then followed the relatives on font and friends of the deceased's parentB, and after them the public. At the oemetery hundreds of boxes containing sweetmeats were given away to the friends, and tea was served to all who wished. Much of the ceremony was unintelligible to me, but as a public speotaole it was remarkable. ONCE one of those itinerant and persistent gentlemen with a subscription-book kept presenting it while old Horace Greeley was writing. Horace had a habit, when any one would intcrefere, of kiaking, and so he kicked at the subscription fiend. Finally, when he saw that he could not get rid of the intruder by this means, he stopped in the middle of a sentence, turned round, and said, raspingly; in that shrill voice of his : " What do you want ? State it quick, and state it in the fewest possible words 1" " Well," said the subscription fiend, " 1 want a subscription, Mr. Greeley, to prevent thousands of my fellow humain beings from going to hell." Said Mr Greeley: " I won't give yon a cent. There don't half enough go there now.'" Enamored Sw/jn : " for you, darling, «I wad lay me doun and dee.'" Praotical Maiden : " That sort of thing is clear out of date, Willie. What a girl wants now-a-dayB ja a man wh? is willing to get up and hustle lor her." IT is always safe to learn even .from oar enemies~-<seldom e&Se; to venture to instruct efen e&r; ttiecds, 