UPPER BEACONSFIELD. BY TODEA AFRICANA. Bright was the dawn of the New Year. The skies that had been shedding floods of tears, during the last week or so, over the impending dissolution of the decrepit old 'un, had evidently come to the con clusion that the old reprobate was past praying for. Therefore, having accorded him a decent funeral, they, on the prin- ciple of Le roi est mort !-Vie le roi !— determined to devote heart and soul to giving a fitting reception to the royal in fant that must henceforth occupy the throne of his ancestors. Let us only hope that the brightness attending his birth may be a happy presage of a brilliant career. Well ! brilliant we can hardly expect it to be, for, according to the doc trine of heredity as set forth in the Great Book, we must award that the sins of the father be visited on the child. However, we may hope that the warning of old ninety-three's terrible example will never be lost on his offspring. The promoters of the Church of En gland Garden Féte must have cast many anxious glances at the barometer and at those truly Delphian oracles, the weather forecasts of our able astronomer royal. As it was, the day was almost all that could be desired so far as the skies were concerned. True the solar greetings were a trifle ardent, but this could well be borne after the old-world Christmas we had had, and being accompanied by a pleasant wind, tempted the holiday-makers to drive to the breezy heights. There could be no mistake as to the direction most of the people were taking for their day's pleasure, for some miles around; "Ttekceba" was evidently the order of the day. And very gay and festive did Ttekceba look in all the pride of flapping flags of many hues and multicolored, strange devices. First of all we came to the imposing entrance gates, and were appropriately greeted by a gorgeously painted standard, held high aloft by a young sapling, wishing "A prosperous New Year, to all," a sentiment which no one could take exception to, as little as to the execution of the lettering, which shows clearly that we have no need to go to Melbourne for a signpainter should we require one. The banner is connected with the gables of the side gates by ropes of flags, and underneath are lanterns, each bearing a figure of the New Year's name. The stalls or booths of the various ladies of the district, who have self-sacri ficingly consented for the time to act as saleswomen, do every credit to their task, and the ingenuity and industry of them selves and their male coadjutors. I am strongly tempted to give a detailed ac count of these cunning erections, each with a pronounced individuality, in due accordance with the respective occupiers, altered as they are in the costumes of many countries. Alas ! the exigencies of space more than any hard-heartedness on the part of my editor, whom, indeed, I have to thank for a liberal indulgence to my prolixitical tendencies (is he luring me on to my destruction ?) prevents me from being as discursive as the subject seems to demand. A mere glance as we pass is all that can he afforded. The first stall, pre sided over by Mrs. Mauger and Miss Craik, and temptingly stocked with the choicest of strawberries and other things comes first in point of order, and certainly not second in any other respect. Next on the same side we come to a tent, tenanted by a shocking example, who, if you have not quite rendered up the ghost, will give you fits, and then hand you over to the celebrated medical man, whose ser vices he has retained for the occasion, who is death on fits. Crosssing over the drive we espy the produce stall, under the ener getic management of the Misses Glissman and Clarke. The supply of vegetables seems plentiful, and in point of size as well as quality could not easily be sur passed. Let those who alliteratively aspersed our ranges as the Barren hills of Beaconsfield, hide their diminished heads after they have gazed on the giant turnip of eleven pounds and a half, and calcu lated the solid contents of the cabbage weighing ten. Who can be so unsenti mental as to be uncharmed by the pretty little bower devoted to the sale of flowers for the button-hole. Surely it must be a very Eden which will produce such speci mens als the Misses Hollow and Seaward so tastefully arrange or winningly offer you. Proceeding on our way we are arrested by the sight of a Japanese um brella with what appears to be a veritable Japanese maiden and attendant country man, demurely seated under its shade. This quaint little picture, with the back ground of cunningly embroidered cloth of gold arras, exists for the benefit of those who may wish to indulge in the wand of enchantment. Attracted by a crowd of children who are gathered like flies round a honeypot, we must perforce investigate the next stall that comes in view ; there we find a stalwart, six-foot, young peasant, evidently by his bronzed southern visage, his scarlet beret, knee breeches, and red lapelled coat a Pyren nean peasant, gallantly assisting a charm ing maiden who, unmistakably Italian in costume, has, like her companion, sus piciously fluent English. Leaving this young couple to cope as best they may with the exigent crowd of youngsters so impatient till they got served, and in such a state of extatic enjoyment of the long dreamt of pleasure, we come to Miss Wil liams with her tempting works of fancy and of art, who has a share, as she de serses, of the visitors attention, all of whom are glad, and some of the younger ones specially so, to welcome her back, if only for a short time. The once popular bran pie does not seem to exert quite its ancient charm over the too sceptical ris ing generation, and even the winning smile of Miss Ingram, and the assurance that there is money in it, cannot win the pennies from one boy who smirkingly re marks, - "Oh yes ! I know, bran-pie, put in a penny and pull out a pincushion; not if I knows it, oh no." Will this Socrates of seven profit by his early experiences, painful as they must have been, and so avoid the pincushion in the bran-pie of future land booms and bogus building societies. And echo answers, Will he ? Those who by this time have acquired a thirst may have an opportunity of quench ing it under the agreeable superintendence of Miss Margie a'Beckett and Mr. Fowler, who do a roaring trade all, the afternoon near the sports ground, where running, high jump, obstacle races; and other athletic delights attract a large crowd. To do justice to the young athletes who com peted is impossible in the absence of a reliable record of the results, which as yet has pot reached me. Suffice it at present to say that there were some very respect able performances in each department. Both competitors and onlookers will be glad at the conclusion of this entertain ment to be regaled with one of a different but by no means less delectable character, which they may readily have by adjourn ing to the sign of the South Pole, hard by, where, under the anything but Arctic influences of Mademoiselles a'Beckett, Brunt and Anderson, all clad in snowy white, with snowflake headgear, assisted by their able henchman, Mr. Laurie, and presided over by the beneficent providers of most of the good things there, the Mesdames E. a'Beckett and Mackley, they may have a refreshing yet inexpensive tea with the appetising etceteras, while gazing at the enchanting, snow- covered lolly stall opposite, with its dangling row of cut glass icicles and its charmingly attired attendant, Miss Fowler, who, alone in her glory, dispenses the delightfully de lectable sweetmeats so dear to the days of our youth, to her admiring young client telle. When dusk comes on there is a display of lanterns, of many kinds and patterns, and although the somewhat boisterous breeze is otherwise pleasant enough after the heat of the day, one is tempted to wish it otherwhere, as it hinders the en joyment of what would otherwise be a perfect feast of lanterns, of all shapes, colors and sizes, artfully contrived and artistically fashioned. But more than ever do we regret that the evening is not more calm when Miss Craik's concert commences, as an otherwise excellent and altogether enjoyable entertainment is rather marred by the effects of the wind. Time fails to do justice to the excellent singing and playing which was so kindly volunteered by the ladies and gentlemen who figured in the programme, which did every credit to Miss Craik's selection. After the concert a little dancing on the tennis court was indulged in, and then an adjournment was made to the refresh ment stall, where raffles were drawn and the remainder of the goods unsold sub mitted to auction. And here let men tion the poultry and live stock stall of Mrs. M. Beckett and her daughter, whose charming and energetic advocacy of the excellence of their lively wares all through the day did not merit such a slight. As to the results of the day I must speak in my next, and rectify any other faults or omissions which post haste now present. 