The Story Between the Lines. (B*y Pukston Kkndam,.) Following tho coast lino to the north from tho Mexican village of Tuito, the traveller now finds a rooky promontory where tho village stood. Tho Pacific's surf breaking in littlo wild mo an in go on tho rocks below rings requiems to those wl?o lie beneath two mounds on the farthormost point. And the last rajs of the sun, as that fiery orb rushes acroas the sunken Rutasic continent, scorns to linger with loving askance over tho spot a3 if to road in the rude Spanish letterings on the grave stones the atory between tho lines. In tbat quarter of Sovillo, where now the iculoteer rests hia lato unburdened beast before the homeward trip, and passes a merry night with bad wine and songs and borelo still more questionable, stood, when Father Time hung a wornout 15 and tivo noughts on the hooks of eternity, tho palatial rosidenco of Donna Marcia de Marzenti. Scarcfily a woman whom the world tad used well, for more trial stars bad crossed her horoscopo than usually fall to persons who havo all tho sharp edges of life rounded off for them, but ' truly a woman who used tho world well, for when the mountain refused to como to hor ehe gracefully wont to tho moun tain — with a smile to cover her chagrin and make defeat a triumph. So, when the storm came and her life was taken and driven up and down, she battled bravely with tho social seas she had lashed into a fury about hor, and buildsd from the wreck of her hitherto wanted life a tomple to shelter the heathen on a foreign shore. Her late husband, Don Antonio De Gir genti, was cursed with an affliction' worse than poverty — a respectable iasomo and a name far too largo for It to support. Con sequently, a few years after marriage, when the bills unpaid, and, what was worse, bills unpayable, were piling up on him like snows on a Swiss cottage, tho doctor's orders for Sicily and sea breezes were received with less aversion tbau in the midst of a brilliant season. , ' A month later found them on the South ern isle, and the Donna's letters,1, receivod at intervals from Sicily, were filled with all a wife's. anxious fears and ill concealed despair. The dny stones piled in tho public places of tho old II ispanian city told firo mouths from the day Msrcia left, an anxious wife, when she roturned a disconsolate widow. 'Twas a sad story she told of long days of watching and nights of little rpst by the tide of L--r Buffering husband — of the time wVen the end came in tliat lonely Sicilian cottage, and of his burial in the village churchyard, with tho sighing of tho pines the only requiem, and the stars the only tapers. Among those who came to console after tho first great grief: was pant was the one whom rumor said she had loved in youth — one who she would have married then had not his family interfered, but now his father wae dead, und he was master of bis own fortunes. The viaits of Don Huerfauo Da Marzenti brought Eolace to her heart, and ere long tho widow's-weeds budded with orange bloBsociB and the black veil faded to a white The happy years passed swiftly by, and the warm light of love beamed brightly on their lives, eo when the storm oamo it was but tho moro Plutonian in ita blacknoss. Ono day, on the street, Marcia dropped a purse ; a 'beggar picked it up and handed it to L er. As she slipped a coin into his hand he raised his faco to thank her, their ores met, and through that glance from a mind dethroned she read a recognition. Her brain was in a whirl. Sho hastened homeward. For a week (be watchers never left her bedside. In her delirium she let fall words and disjointed sentences that told a strango story. Her husband, faithfully Vatching, became all but crazed, as a bewildered apprehension of the truth .Hashed over him. The impression could not be banished from his mind, and when Marcia had recovered he confronted her with the story, only hopiDg too fondly to hear from her a denial. 'Twas a Summer night on the terrace. The clear resplendent moon shed far over the plains her full orbed light. As its glittering rays fell upon hor dear cut fea tures they seemed to turn them into marble, as she heard the awful otory. ' Where— how did you leurn this ?' The words seemed to issue involuntarily from her lipp. ' Marcia J You do not denj- it I Oh, epeak but one word I Say it is not true!' With an effort she recovored herself. ' Huerfano, yoi» Mve no right to ques tion me thus.' 'Right,' he . ..od wildly. 'Right, when a man's eternity is at stake !' 'Before our marriage you could have questioned me about my past, but when you married mo you waived that right. But how absurd, dear,* of course I will answer you. la it true? Why, could you believe it? Only a mad dream, dorr Huerfano. Is it (rue? Of course it is not — — No! no! ? my Goil, I must epoak — since that fatal night the horrible *p .ctre will not lot mo re»t» By day it .dogs niy footsteps j by night it haunts my dreams. , Iluflrfauo, I must toll you all — only listen'' tani j story, then kill mo it you will, My lore, foe you makes me speak whilo all the courts of Spain could not unsoal my lips.' Ho stood boforo her bowilderod, spoooh loso, while like a priootesa forotolling hor own doom she continued. ' My only recollection of my moth or dates from childhood. A groat barren room in tho upper portion of tho house, with hor rible gratings at tho doors and windowo. Ono day, in childish play I stole from tho nursery, and, climbing tho otairway, raised tho bnr from tho grated door and onterod. 'My mother rushed to mo, and f orcod mo on my kneas exclaiming : ' A courier ot last from niy banished king !' My frightened cries brought tho nurse, who boro mo back to tho nursery. I afterwards learned tho terrible explanation. The blighting taint of insanity wos in our blood.' Sho paused a moment, gazing on his stony features ; then, in hurried tones, passed rapidly over tho intervening yearn botweon that time and their first meeting. ' My first husband I never loved. I married him in a momont of pique, when I thought tho barrier botwoon ua waa ono of your own raising and eternal, I drank, unflinchingly, tho bitter cup I had seized, hoping Time would some day sot all matters right. Ihe night boforo wo embarked for Sicily, you.will remember, vro mot at a ball. Our glances mot one moment, and in that brief look my fancy saw tho ghost of our old-tirno Ioto. Perhaps it might again return. That sweet, wicked hope haunted mo always. You were free, whilo I wan irrevocably bound to a maa I did not love.' Dry, unEolacing sobs shook her frame as sho^ gazed unseeingly over tho moonlit plain. For a moment only aho gave way to her anguish, and in husky tones she rosumod hor fearful tale : ' 'Twas the night following a day of hia most trying moods. Wo had strolled upon tho cliff overhanging the oea and stood in alonely spot gozingoutover ita black wasto, lit only by the stars. My thoughts re curred to that last night in Seville I felt my reason fast leaving me. Intense Borrow ana madness aro so noar akin that God alono can trace tho lino between. Ho was standing near tho cliffs edge, one slight movement from mo and I was f roe ! My hoart beat faster at the thought. All my sufferings, all my wreoked hap piness roso up before mo, and I wan mad. I know not what happened next, but I heard the dull splash of the wave as tho Ocean opened its arms to receive him. I was alone. 'For days I never left the spot — droadinjj, fearing. No sign was made. The waters kept my secret. ' I returned home. You know the story to this day the month. I dropped a purse in tho street. A beggar handed it n;o. I gave him a coin, and aa he lifted the hat from his head I saw his face. My God, the murdered lived— th« sea «av« up its dead!' L As she fhuobed h6r long recital Huerfano uttered one stifled moan and, speechless, siapgereit down the terrace. The throno of Montezuma had been long tottering from internal dissensions. The fire of half extinguished rebellion burned away in many parts the ODly barriers that staj otl the vanquisher's tread; For 40 dayB tho three starred comet had glowed iu the eastern sky, foretelling tho coming of a conqueror, a king,, as many years boforo it bad presaged the entry of Titus into Judea, With, the Tezucan prophet kin? the game o£ Machtli — the stakes a kingdom ? had been played and lost The cowardice of tho weak hearted king, who had united tho greatest empire the west had known, jet could not defeat a handful of men, had rondercd him odious to his peoples. And now the conqueror wa9 here. Cortez had landed at M.ulintzin, and after a victorious westward march was feted at tho c&pitoL; Had he proclaimed himBolf tho white faeea Messiah, whose return was promised when yoars before that personage had departed from the western coast on a raft of snakes, his victory would have been without a struggle, and universal Mexico would have bowod to him in subjection. But be claimed this conquest in the name of the Spanish crown, and the outlying nations, Iobs fickle than their metropolitan sister, would not surrender to an earthly ruler, while they would have gladly wel comed their long looked for saviour. Cortez, flushed by his pacific victory at tho capitol, and guided by Marina, the Painalan interpreter, who had followed him from his first landing, proceeded on his march of conquest. Near Tuito they were met by a band of native indians, arrayed in tho robes of the Roman Church, and at their head marched a. young white face priest, who spoke in the Spanish tongue. They warned Cortea of the great army that lay in ambush about, and begged of him, in the name of humanity, to spare the city. To their patition Marina added hor prayers. Cortoz was resolute, but through all the fighting that ensued the young priest and his faithful band of disciples seemed every where. Among both armies thoy were seen where the fighting was the most terrific, giving aid to the wounded — prayers to the dead. All day, und far into tho night, tho bloody combat raged on. Through it all tho silvered crest of Huorfano do Marzouti caught tho rays of the burning 'Bun, or glistened with the southern moon's bright beams. By midnight the nativOB woro boaton baok into the town. A small detachment under the command of De Marzonti had followed a band of natives up tho short lane that lead to the Tomplo of the Sun. On hie. approach thoy hastily took refuge in the temple, whore thoy stood thoir ground for some time against the Spaniard's steel. At length the foreign skill overcame tho bruto force of the natives, and they were orowded to tho altar's rails. On ono altar lay fivo palpita ting hearts ; on tho other three, and noar at hand, on tho instrument for tearing open the breast, was stretched tho writhing form of a Spanish prisoner taken early in the day. At the sight tho soldiors bocanie mad. The thrusts valor had directed bo fore now came from infuriated maniacs. At tho altar tho slaughter was terrible. A well directed blow from a native oleit the helmet of Huerfano, and aa ha thrust madly about his svroid pierced th* young prioot, who eought to etoy hia antagonist/ o second blow. Hio faco grew ghaofcly palo aa ho gavo an agonised look at tho ono ho had slain and with a pitoonn moan ho foil lifoloaa Qcroso tho corpoo, uttoring but ono word— ' Marcia 1' Following tho count, lino to tho North from tho Moxican villago of Tuito t.ha travoller now finds a rocky promontory whoro onco tho villago stood. Tho Paciflc'e surf breaking in littlo wild moaninge on tho rocks bolow sings requioma to thoao who lie beneath moundB on tho farthor moat point. And the last rays of thoaun as that fiery orb rushes acroBD tho ouukon Rutaaio continent, ooom to linger ^rrith loving askance ovor this spot, an if to read ; in tho rude Spanish letterings on theae gravestones ' Tha Story Botweon thg Linos.' 