PAVING THE WAY A ROMANCE OF THE AUS TRALIAN BUSH. By SIMPSON NEWLAND. [Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] PART IL— IN THE INTERIOR. Caapteb XVIIL — Ghosts. When morning came Inspector Hilton de parted with his troopers and tbe prisoners, the latter in the coach, and indue course delivered them over to the governor of her Majesty's gaol at Bathurst. There they were tried in strict conformity with the law made and pro vided to deal with such malefactors and sen tenced to death for murder aud highway robbery. The governor of the province was pleased in consideration of the youth of the younger convicts to commute their sentences to imprisonment for life. But to Cowler there was no leniency 6bown — his record was of too dark a dye; and he suffered the extreme penalty of the law, with a curse on Roland Grantley upon his lips. Daring his life he had been frequently charged with cowardice and we know he was a low repulsive ruffian, but it must be allowed that when death came he men it with fortitude. Some said his kicking his boots off amongst the crowd that surrounded the gallows was mere bravado. Perhaps it was ; in any case the subject is not a savory one, and it is without regret that we finally part with Mr. Dan Cowler in these page?. Over-night resolutions may seem to be of the most irrevocable character, but the morning not infrequently alters the most adamantine resolve. Grantley had determined to start for home immediately after breakfast, but, to begin with, his arm was still extremely painful and he still very tired. Then, again, where was the urgent necessity that he should leave such pleasant quarters in hot haace? His horses would be all the better for a spelL The latter argument derived additional iorce from an inspection of Jollyboy's steed, which showed unmistakable evidence of yesterday's gruelling. Even the steel-wire muacles of the Star gave siens of the (great effort of the pre ceding evening's gallop. After a careful examination of both animals the blackboy, to his extreme relief, received orders to turn them out in the paddock again and disport himself as he pleaded, which he proceeded to do by going to bleep for most of the day. Roland was the recipient of much attention and even some petting from the ladiea. His arm had to be fomented and bandaged. Miss Clara satisfyng herself that the commonest humanity demanded this. He was » guest and had done them an immense service, besides his injury was received in their defence, aa it were. She must be civil to him, there could be no doubt of that, while he stayed. This reasoning was most conclusive, but it did not require tbat Miss Ingleton should feel restless and wander aimlessly about when the visitor was taken by bis howt to look at some of the stock and kept out of doors for aa unconscion able time, as is the provoking manner of men, particularlyequattere. The afternoon made amends, however, for Mr. Ingleton went off on station business, and the mistress of the house had domestic duties to occupy her, so tbat tbe guest waa left to the care of the young lady. The situation was thus decidedly favorable to violent love-making ; tbe wounded hero alone with the rescued damsel in a country house. She, too, was fair to see as any of the bewitching daughters of Eve, as well as bright and animated in manner and conversation ; yet the gallant allowed the day to pass without speaking one word of ad miration, still less of love. As evening fell he strolled away on the first opportunity by himself, angry and impatient that be was not stirred by her beauty and other attractions. 'In is useless,' he muttered bitterly, 'I shall never more love a woman ; I will bid my latestdream good-bye and leave here to-morrow. If I could but have felt the slightest love, as I understand it, for this girl I would ask her even yet to be my wife and honestly try to forget the past, but it cannot be. In her pre sence I am only the more reminded of Petrel, and the old all-absorbing love is strong aa ever.' Long he strove with himself, and when he returned it was with a moody brow and con strained manner. On retiring for the night be intimated thathemuatdeny himself the pleasure of a further stay and start for home to prepare for the coming shearing. To this proposal Mr. Ingleton refused to listen. ' Kbt at all,' he said, ' you Bhall remain for a week yet ; then I will drive you part of the -nay, .it will be easier than riding, and I am going your way.' Jn wain ^SatntSey protested ; fcesimply pooh poohed *11 objections and finally left the room, promising toxstum in a few momenta. Clara, daring this colloquy, had passed with an ab sorbed air out of tbe open window on to the verandah, where Roland now followed her. ' Miss Ingleton,' he said warmly, ' do not think I am insensible of your .kindness, for I deeply feel all that you have done and all that you are willing to do.' ? 'If we are to believe these protestations,' she replied, affecting a bright tone, 'why are you in eo great a hurry to leave us T' 'I left Moolahalla at a very inconvenient time for a specific object, which has been accomplished, and I am now anxious to return to my duties.' ' And we, your old friends, whom you cover with obligations, count for nothing in this rigorous regard for duty f For a moment he turned away as if he would have left h6r ; then he came back to her side. 'Miss Ingleton,' he said, ' this afternoon I resisted a great temptation. It was to profess a lovj I cannot feeL I am a lonely man with a Borrow that never leaves me. From a selfish standpoint it would be pleasant to have some one to love and console me by her sweet and gentle presence. Once I thought of asking you to be mv wife, but it would neither be for your happiness nor mine. It is better tbat I should go and that you should forget tbat such a man ever crossed your path. There is a brighter future in store for yon than any it is in my power to offer.' She leaned on the back of a chair, as if for support, while he spoke, but now drew her self up. 'I will not affect to misunderstand you,' ehe replied, 'for I owe yon too muoh to d that. I was wrong to wish you to remain after what yon told me when we parted last, but there seemed to be a change in you. And — and— forgive me and good- bye!' When he looked np Bhe was gone. . EoUmJ Grantley alepi-little that night, bnt appeared at breakfast fully equipped for the road. Many were the regrets of his host and hostess at hiB departure, though they ceased to urge his remaining! Clara said nothing on the subject, but with her own pretty hands Hhe prepared some lunch for the traveller, and when he left shook hands bravely, as women deeply wounded can do. She even went out to the Star and patted the arobed neck, then, as be bent his proud head towards her, she gently kissed the white etar in tbe broad f rontaL It was her last fare well to horae and rider, neither of whom she was to see again. Then she went to her room and from her window watched them fading »way in the distance across the plain, all the while silently bidding adieu to her love's young dream. Alaa ! how different it might have been both for her and for him if the Fates had been less inexorable ! But not bo will the Stern Sisters condone the sins of those who barter away for a mess of pottage, or bveu vast store of worldly wealth, the enduring love of a life. The owner of Moolahalla returned home with very mixed feelings. A profound_ de piesBion weighed upon during the whole jour ney. It was not that he regretted the oppor tunity which he had thrown away of asking Clara Ingleton to share his lot, for he never doubted such a step would have ended disas trously ; but it did seem hard that he should never forget his youthful passion or even learn to think of it with composure. It was, how ever, useless struggling any longer, and he determined than when shearing waa over he would go down to the old plaoe and see Petrel again. It might be that she had utterly torn him from her heart ; in any case she must be growing old, aa women quickly do in hot climates; perhaps sbe was a mother and he smiled sardonically as he thought how the Bight of that once perfectly-proportioned form grown stout and mis-shapen must dieillusioniee him. Should she, however, be still beautiful as ever and hold the same sway over him.he would sell out and leave the country, taking her with him, if ehe could be induoed to go ; if not, he would go himBelf, never to return. Pondering all these things over in his mind as he rode along he at last braced himeelf up to the etern resolve. 'She will fly with me, or I will cast her image from me and return to ask Clara Ingleton to be my bride. Ten years of the best of mv life are crone in vain repining and useless grief. Am I never to cease pansio nately craving for one woman until my man hood has slipped away?' Somehow recently, until the last few days, he had thought less about his lost love and had really been the happier for it. The hot, ex citing chaeo after the bushrangers had fired him as nothing had done for years, more especially the wild ride in pursuit of his mortal enemy. Perhaps, if Clara had not come across bis path, he could have become absorbed in matters in which women had no concern. Confound the .girl! He devoutly wished be had never seen her ; he certainly would sot have entered the house had he known she was there. Half her sympathies seemed to go with the scoundrelly robbers and he tried to feel very angry at her, but in spite of repeated protestations to himself that his revenge on that undoubted villain was a just act, he now began to feel less satisfied with regard to it. ' Why the devil could I not have left the dirty work to the police as others do?' be muttered. ' But then there are few with such injuries to avenge. It was a case of self -pre- servation, for while tbat wretch was alive and at liberty my life could not be considered safe. So the Booner he meets his fate on the gallows the better.' All tbe way home these reflections and others arising from his recent experiences engrossed his attention, but once back at tbe station he cast them aside and bent his energies to his accustomed work. _ There was much to ba done in preparation for the shearing season, and, having decided to leave immediately afterwards, he was de termined that no avoidable delay should occur in doing so. ?- It waa known on the station that his pursuit of Cowler had resulted in the capture of that desperado, but very few questions were asked of tbe 'boss,' for, now Mr. Huzle had left, there was no one who felt equal to inviting his confidence. Besides, Jolly boy could supply all the information wanted, and that sable youth had, indeed, a rare time of it. Many were tbe sticks of tobacco bestowed upon him for a full relation of his adventures, and he Boon learned to add a romantic interest to the tale by describing the deliverance of Miss Ingleton. ''Mv word, that one balara white gin !' he emphatically declared. ' Bale frightened long bushranger.' As applicants for a ' stand on the shearing floor began to camp about his audiences be came more numerous, and there was rarely an evening that he was not interviewed by eager listeners anxious to hear every particular of the break-up of the notorious Thunderbolt's gang. And there were cot a few among them whose sympathies w»-re all with the unluoky rogues in their defiance of law and order. To them the squatter's conduct iu joining the police was just what might be expected from one of hia class. ' Why didn't he leave the d ? d bobbies to do their own dirty work ':' was the usual comment. The day before shearing commenced three men rode up to Grantley as he was giving some directions at the shed. One, a tall sparely built man, stood a little aside until the others had spoken and then asked if he could be taken on. His voice seemed familiar and a rapid glance at once showed Rowland that it was noue other than Darkie, though bearded nearly to the waist and with tbe stamp of years of change and exposure upon him. There were tbe same furtive eyes, though with a bolder and more confident look in their reaming glance. Never at rest, they took In every detail while men in his company wefre absorbed in their pipes or any other trivial object. Now they were alike watching his companions and each motion of Grantley, though tbe man himself stood nonchalantly by as if nothing interested Him. Thus met, after Jong years, the two who had parted to strangely. Each always secretly felt that tbe time would surely come, if they lived, however it may be deferred, yet to the young man it cSme somewhat as a surprise. Of late he had thought less of his quandam companion of other days and probably felt glad to put from him that episode in his early career in which they were both involved. As the years had rolled on he learned to doubt the existence of the hidden treasure. T)&rkie; was civen Da rom&ncin;? and probably had no ieal reason for the conclusion he arrived at ; anyhow noa sufficient to induce him to risk returning to the colony where a heavy reward was offered for his apprehension. After the lapse of so long a time there were a hundred chances against his reappearanoe. Sickness, death, a home of his own with domestic ties, these and a host of other reasons might prevent the fugitive from ever troubling him again. ?So Grautley had half persuaded himself that the pt»st- evil deed was buried too deep to be ever disinterred, yet here came the rude awakening from his dream of safety ; not that he contemplated any real danger to his life if the man were recognised or even volunteered to turn Queen's evidence after so many years ; but there might be the opprobrium and the disgrace of a judicial enquiry and possibly even the exposure of a public triaL These reflections passed swiftly through his mind, but he gave no outward indication of alarm. With his usual calmness betook down the names of the first applicants, saying that places would be reserved for them. Then he mentioned that he required a man to act as ' yarder up' and to drive sheep to and fro between the paddocks and the shearing-shed. A significant glance at Jonathan Quig (for that was the name given by the wanderer) made him at once apply for the position, and after a few questions respecting his capabilities to allay any suspicions on the part of the others Grantley engaged him, thus in a great measure separating him from the shearers and giving himself opportunities of intercourse with him without exciting remark. Then they parted and for some days Roland only saw his old companion for a few minutes at a time. On one of these occasions, when there was no one by to see or hear, they agreed upon.tbeir line of action. Nothing was to be allowed to transpire to lead to the sup position that they had ever met before. They were never to refer to the past or speak of their future proceedings, except when away together on the run. The situation that Jonathan now filled would necessitate hiB employer's being frequently with him and even their camping out together at night. On such oooaeions their plans could be matured without the possibility of any one knowing or Buspeoting aught. About a week later they were alone and Quig began his tale of the long ride on the Star up the Coorong beach and the midnight swim across the Murray mouth. 'I remembered every word of your direc tions,' he said, 'and they aaved my life in that awful current.' Then followed a minute and faithful narra tion of the few days' concealment at the Bluff and the subsequent attempt when tbe pursuit became hot to reach Kangaroo Island. In burning words, that stung the remorseful lover like scorpions, he described the devotion and heroism of the intrepid girl, and as he dwelt npon the theme a fierce jealousy blazed up in the breast of the listener as he for the first time realised that this man too had dared to love her. Then he spoke in low, suppressed aooents of the parting at the island when he had accom panied her fairly out to sea— ' I knew,' he said, ' that all the time she was only thinking of you and that she would have done as much for any other creature for your Bake, and yet you could submit to be separated from her,' he added in an enquiring and reproachful tone. Eor a moment the two men gazed on each other, perhaps nearer a deadly quarrel than ever before daring' all their strange associa tion. 'Drop these reflections,' sternly broke in Grantley, ' I suffer tfaKm from none. What you have heard from others I cannot tell, but from me ask nothing since it has nought to do vith oar compact. i i'i ' So be it,' assented the other, ' besides, it is too late now ; but, if aught that I could do, even to tbe laying down of my life, would serve her, God knows how willingly I would do it' Again the fierce epasm of jealousy shot through Graotley, bus beyond an impatient gesture he made no sign that he heard the re mark. ' Do you half comprehend what she dared and did V' continued tbe narrator, again car ried away by his subject. 'She faced a gathering storm in as open boat, with a man she never liked or trusted ; she a young girl fair enough to tempt a saint to ein when alone and absolutely in his power, but the wretch who could h ve njured her, under such cir cumstances must have been a fiend indeed, and yet there are such men !' 'You well know,' angrily retorted Roland, 'that, had you done her the slightest wrong, the world would not have been wide enough for the two of us to live in.' 'Yes I know it,' sadly assented the other, ' yet you have in some inexplicable way for saken her. Roland Grantley, mine is a bad enough record to look back upon and those who have benefited me have reaped a poor return, but I would rather answer for all my long and evil catalogue of crime if there be a judgment-day than for your treatment of Petrel Cleeve. At your hand she has received the blackest ingratitude for services suoh as women have rarely rendered to men.' 'I know it, I have never ceased to re member it all these long years and shall to my dying day without any reminder from you. I have borne enough already and unless you seek a quarrel let this pass and recur to the subjeot no more.' The words were sternly spoken with a warn ing.ringin them, and, as iu tbe old days, tbe weaker spirit bent before the stronger will of the younger man. 'Quarrel with you,' cried the wanderer with a laugh, '/lot likely for all the women on the broad earth. No, sinoe we parted I have seen many men under the varied condi tions that most try the mettle cf mortals, bat none to equal you, and but for what happened on the Ta tiara I should never have left you. That has parted us, and when we have accom plished the purpose for which I have again sought you we will each go his own way, never to meet again. But that treasure I must find.' ' What treasure ? asked Grantley. ' When we parted you hinted at a fortune hidden somewhere that might be yours, bub I thought little of it, as you could gasonade then. You must be more definite now, if I am to help you.' Then Darkie told his tale. How, with the hunting party of blacks, he had arrived juso in time to save the Jew from being murdered out right, and had distinctly seen Tlalco snatch and carry away the small brass box which the mutterings of ths dying Israelite had led him to believe contained written directions as to where the treasure was buried. How later ht- bad induced the tribe he lived with to make war on the Coorong natives for the purpose of obtaining the box, but with such ill success that he deemed it wise for his own safety to escape to the fishery at Encounter Bay. At first he hoped that, by offering part of the valuables to the whalers, they would assist him, but be soon saw that, even if he cared to trust them, they would not involve themselveB with tbe Government by attacking the blacks, and he knew he could not obtain the precious locket in any other way, for Talco constantly wore it on his breast as an ornament. Ho dared not accompany Major Cuthbsrt's party because he feared the police would dis cover tbat he was absconder from Van Die man's Land. The next chance that offered was to join one of the squatting expeditions going to the Tatiara to take up country, and it was with this object that he attached him self to Grantley and volunteered to Bhowhim a good run. Once there, he knew they most come into collision with the fierce tribes of blacks, and, to tell the truth, he was deter mined it should be so, to give him an oppor tunity of shooting Talco and thus gaining possession of the brass locket. Almost as eoon as they reached the future station he heard that this famous aboriginal was in the vicinity still proudly wearing his trophy, but on no occasion could he see him. If he had done so he meant to ehoot him down without the slightest compunction. Then cauie the various conflicts with the whole tribe and on the mere chance of one having tbe box on him or being the great Talco himself he had turned over and ex amined each dead warrior, but without success. It was a hard struggle for him to tiy and leave his hopes of wealth behind, bub it was better than facing a trial with ths strong pro bability of being hanged ; for, as an escaped convict, he felc there was little hope for him unless he turned Queen's evidence, which, for Roland's sake, he would not do. 'JSTow,' said he, ' I want you to assist me in finding the fortune buried near the head of the Coorong. The first thing is to obtain the locket containing the clue ; that done, I be lieve the reht would be easy.' 'I will h«dp you,' replied Roland, 'bnt I see many diiiiculties which may prove insur mountable. These are largely increased by your having remained away so long. For instance, Talco is probably uead.' ' I have thought of that,' answered tbe soi-dimnt Jonathan, 'and, ifeo, we must dis cover where he is buried. You know that in the case of so noted a warrior all his cherished possessions an certain to be buried with him.' ' Then muoh trouble must be expected in inducing any of the survivors of the tribe, probably now very few, after ten years of our civilising tactics, to show where he lies,' ob served tbe squatter. ' I anticipated that ; but it can be done by the aid of judicious management and other methods we need not particularise now,'' replied Quig. 'I still remember some of their language and that will help us.' 'There is the more serious fear that the box has been opened or worn out,' said Roland reflectively. ' It may ba so ; but the Jew plainly mut tered that) 'the spring wa3 sfcroDg, very strong. At any rate, we must hope for the best Now you know the facts and as you are cleverer than I am I leave it to you to think out eome plan by which we can spend the necessary time on the Coorong without exciting suspicion.' ''That won't be difficult,' replied Grantley, 'always supposing you have nob learned to drink since we parted. If bo, not one yard do I go.' ' Be easy on tbat score ; I am not one bit more of a drunkard than I was ten years ago, and while on this business not a drop shall pass my lips that you don't approve.' 'That is settled then. Before the shearing is over I will devise some scheme upon which to act.' ' On subsequent occasions, when the old com panions were out by themselves (for at the station Grantley took no more notice of Jonathan Quig than of the other hands), the wanderer related the substance of his other adventures since they had parted. Chapter XIX.— Dabkik Tells His Stoiiy. He had sailed with old Kark for tbe whaler almost directly after he had returned from 6eeing Petrel away from the island. The captain gladly welcomed him as soon as he heard he was a capable band, merely remark ing— 'It's not my business to ask inconvenient questions, and so long as you act straight vrinh me and do your duty you are an honest man and an American citizen.' Two days later they cleared the land, and, falling in with whales, were so successful that the vessel was quickly filled up. The recruit, on whom the name of Jonah was bestowed, not only quite satisfied the master, but became a vast favorite with the crew. These amicable relations continued during the voyage to Boston, and on their arrival there, being offered increased wages by the captain, he accompanied him to Baffin's Bay a few weeks later, as he felt that the life exactly suited his roving disposition. They experienced many vicissitudes in the Arctic regions and did not return for two years, though ultimately tbe venture proved profitable to the owners, master, and crew. Jonah, however, had crown tired of the aea, principally, perhaps, because the excessive cold affected him. Moreover, he began to think it wiser to sever his connection with those who knew whence he had come and thus cover his trail preparatory to returning for the concealed treasure. He had solemnly pro mised Petrel never to go back until there could be no question of the safety of Roland Grantley and that pledge he never contem plated breaking. Bearing this in mind, it was essential that he should leave no trace by which he could be followed. Consequently he next made his way far up into the backwoods and for awhile engaged in hunting, sometimes with the lawless whites and later with the Indians. He even became a warrior and was sufficiently initiated into their customs to be adopted as a member of the tribe. One object of this was that he might be tabooed and bo obliterate certain marks by which the English and Australian police could identify him, or indeed anyone who read his description in the printed notice offering a .reward for his apprehension. So effective was the process that it was now im possible to recognise him by the old signs alone. After leaving these people he entered the service of the Hudson Bay Company, and, aa he was an expert hunter and trapper, he be came a valued servant. Again the oold and exposure rendered the life distasteful, and he migrated to Mexico and thence to South America, spending much of the time there on various ranches ; but he also appeared to have been at one time or another 'soldier. Bailor, tinker, tailor'— in fact, a peripatetic Jackof all- trades. He thus combined business and pleasure by at once promotinghis object in concealing his identity and gratifying his Bo hemian instincts in this roving life. Further to out the painter of the past he frequently changed his name. At last a great longing to revisit his old haunts aud search for the buried treasure came upon him, and, making hismyto theooast, be set sail at Buenos Ayres for London. There he stayed but a few days, quite remote from the scenes of bis exploits as a youngster, and finally took a passage to Brisbane. On arrival there he immediately went up country and here he had one bitter experience that he could never forget, in which, though he escaped with his life, hia oompanion perished. It was blazing hots weather and they had some 200 miles of an almost waterless waste to cross. Through this a telegraph line had been lately laid, as nearly in a straight line as pos sible. The road was much longer round by the supposed permanent waters, which had, in the protracted drought then raging, with two exceptions, quite failed, and these two were said to be close to the telegraph line. 'My companion, poor Dick Hard, had worked hard at putting up the wire and told me he knew every inoh of the way and the exact situation of the waters. We camped at the verge of the dry stage for a couple of days, and, as our horses were good and strong, we anticipated no difficulty in pushing through. The longest distance without a drink was only 70 miles, and what was that to a first-class horse? So confident were we that we started in the morning instead of in the evening and the day turned out a snorter. We didn't trouble about carrying any water either — juet took a big drink and rode gaily on, making sure, like a pair of fools, that though we might have a bib of parching it wouldn't do us any harm as before night we would reach the beefwood tree. However, when it was about midday we began to think a little more caution might have been advis able. The heat was something to Bhrink under, as mile after mile we plodded alone tbat interminable row of tall poles. I tried to count them, twenty to a mile, till my head grew dizzy and for the life of me I could not be sure whether I had counted tlie last post or not when I oame to it. Then I tried shutting my eyes, but it would nob do, those d ? d high sticks would be taken notice of and I was obliged in spite of myself to begin calculating bow maoy we had to pass at a score to the mile before we arrived at the far side of the desert. We stopped for a little while during tbe hottest part of the day in the miserable shade of some dwarf bushes, but that didn't do us much good. Dick said we could nob be more than twentv-five miles from the well, and he did not think we were eo far. Well, we started again, and it seemed hotter than ever and my mate began to feel thirst badly ; you see, he was a man who had drunk bard, and none of them can stand going long without some kind of liquid. Then he got impatient and pushed his horse unmerci fully. I don't mean galloped him — that came later — but he made him go beyond a walk, often at a canter. I did nob feel the want of a drink much then and tried to keep him cool; bub he lost his temper and said he knew more about dry country than a b ? fool of a Yankee, which rather riled me. Anyhow, we didn't quite quarrel, for we kept pretty close together until nearly sundown. Suddenly he said we had passed the Beefwood Well; he knew it by the small round hill in front of us. I did not think so, because most of the track was bad and rough with fallen timber, or, rather sticks, preventing ua making good headway. Another reason why I felt confident I was right and tbat we had travelled ulowly waa because I had now and then counted tbe telegraph poles. He wanted to turn baok and I wouldn't ; I said we had passed no big beefwood tree Buch as he told me the well was called after. To this he re plied that it muss have blown down or we had missed it somehow, and that I couldn't be ex pected to Bee it when I had been asleep half the way. All along he had said this well was not a hundred yards from the line ; but now he thought io might: be more, perhaps a quar ter of a mile. ' This frightened me and I begged him to keep on and if we did nob eee it to make for the other one, the Soakage, which wao right on the line with an oid hut by it and so impos sible to miss. But it was no use ; he Baid he wasn't such a durned fool as to travel all that distance without a drink, if I was; I had better go on — he had wasted enough time arguing with me. With that he turned his horse's head and rode back. I'd half a mind to follow him, but he riled me above a bit by the way he had talked to me. Then I began to doubt if he knew where the well wae, and even granting this, if the tree had been destroyed, he might not be able to find it. Then I called to mind what numbers of men had lost their lives by riding their horses about hunting for water when if they had kept straight on all would have ended welL So I juao determined to continue' right on along the wire, keeping a sharp look out for the big beefwood tree. Dick by this time was nearly out of sight, bub I thought he would Boon come after me if he did not find the well. 'Anyhow, away I went, though my poor horse was very tired ; still, as it was getting cooler, he stepped ont as a fair pace. Up to dark I kept a sharp look-out) for that big tree, but devil a one could I see, beefwood or any other wood. It seemed now to be the right thing to camp awhile in hopes that Dick would have the sense to follow me. Quite an hour passed without any sign of him, and then as tbe horse was fidgety and appeared likely to break away I made another start, I bad now much ado to prevent myBelf going baok to my mate, for it Beenjed as if he must have found water seeing that he had nob overtaken me. Luckily for me I had sense enough to stick to my resolution and go on. My game old nag, too, never hesitated ; he went off the moment I mounted him, straight along the line. All night we kept going, often very slowly ; but towards daylight it got quite chilly, when tbe horse plucked up a bit ' Wfaen it was daylight again there ahead of me stretched the row of poles as if there were no end to them. Across small Btony ridges and little plains with diminutive trees and stunted bushes, butnothing to giveshadeenough to shelter a kangaroo. Dry, everywhere dry, except for the tantalising mirage, which, as the sun mounted higher, displayed lakes and pools to the right and left. I have often wondered if horseB see the damnable illusion. If so, they show more sense than their riders, for they pay no regard to it. Old Casb-iron, as I named my nag, passed on without a glance at the bright, clear waters, on which the rays of the the ifn seemed to play so vividly that I could scarcely resist the impulse to turn him from the track and rush madly into them. ' A fiercer heat, if possible, than that of the previous day set in and slower and yet slower crawled on the wearied brute. I was now suf fering torments from thirst, but to spare him I walked sometimes. There was hope, too, in front, for far away in the distance rose a high hill — bo at least it appeared from the dead-level country — and under that was the Soakage, if any faith could be plaoed is the description given of its whereabouts, not only by Dick bub by others aa well There ought to be a trig on top ; and oh ! how long aud eagerly I looked for that pile of stones! Mile after mile passed and still I could eee nothing bub a smoky mist enshrouding its crest. Then in despair I would vow not to look again till ten telegraph poles were passed ; but mortal endurance would not bear the strain and not three were left behind before my gaze sought the hill top once more. Yes ! nu ! yes ! I could have shouted for jcy, only tha tmy swollen tongue and parched throat refused to utter a sound. There rose the pile with the Btaff in the centre. I remember little more until I stood by a shallow well in the side of a rocky creek. Cast iron was there, too, occasionally sucking up tbe clear, cool water. I knew that I had drunk, for my head was wet from being dipped in the well ; but my thirst appeared just as con suming as ever and I drank and drank again. No doubt a heavy sleep followed, for when I awoke night had evidently long set in. The horse was near, feeding quietly on the dry grass in the bod of the channel I simply took off his Baddle and bridle, eob a bit of damper out of the swsg, ate it, and went off to sleep again. Maybe it will be said — Why didn't you go back and help your mate? What ! me face that awful road again when I had only just escaped by the skin of my teeth ! Tm not such a born idiot as that and it's no nse expecting to find a hero in a man of my stamp. Beaides, how did X know that the d ? d fool had not found the well and waa laughing at me? 'No, I waited for him to come up, and when evening of the next day fell a couple of line-repairers from the telegraph-station 30 miles further on came by and told me the wire was interrupted back the way I had come. Then I told them of Dick and where I had parted from him. ''Why, the Beefwood was blown down months ago !' said one : 'and the well is in a hollow where it'oan't be Been from the line !' ' Then I began to think it was a bad look out for my poor pal, especially aa I heard one say to the other that it was very likely another case of breaking the wire. ' Anyhow they offered to find me a horse if I would go with them, leaving Cast-iron at the Soakage, and as a spell was the best thing for him I consented. They had got plenty of good things to eat and a camel to carry them and the water, so away we went at a good pace till about midnight, when we camped. At day light we started again, and in the afternoon we reached the Beefwood Tree Well, not half a mile on from where obstinate Dick turned back, but as the tree bad fallen there was nothing in particular to mark the place for a Btranger. Of course I ought to nave known tbat there was something out of the ordinary look of things about the confounded spot, and I can't make it out now how I ever noticed that old tracks turned off from the old tele graph line and that there was scarcely any path alongside it for a bit. But it was that fitupid fool Dick's fault ; why didn't he come on with me ? Then he'd have seen what it all meant as he'd been there before. 'Well, we gave our horses a drink and pushed on and we hadn't gone above five miles before ws saw what was tbe matter. There ahead on one side of the line lay the carcass of a horse ; it was easy to see be was dead by the stiff, extended legs. A telegraph pole, too, lay fiat, and near it something that he who has onoe seen it does not forget in a hurry— a naked dead body, already ewoUeo to three times its natural size and baking, blistering, and festering under the fierce heat of that terrific sun. ' * I thought bo,' said the boss repairer : the poor devil his burned down a pole and cut the wire to bring assistance, but he must have felt pretty sure it would come too late to save him.* 'This is_ what had happened, for we fol lowed up bis tracks to eep. After leaving me be hunted about out from the line for the well till dark, then camped till daylight and began again. Herode back by the side of the telegraph for many miles and then had lust his head and galloped in all directions until his hone knocked up. By this time he was nearly where he started from and here he bled the poor nag to drink his blood — the pannikin showed that. Then be tried climbing a tele graph-pole to get at the *ire — we could tell that by the marks on tbe one next that burnt down : but he had nob been able to break or detach the wire, probably could not even reach it. Failing in this, he made a fire round another pole, a thinner one ; but it must have taken hours to get it down, each minute in creasing his weakness and adding to his tortures. Only think of the sufferings of that thirst-stricken, tormented wretch watching impatiently the slow action of the tire. Why, his agony in approaching the heat to pile on more fuel must have been awful ; and it was all unavailing, too ! ' At last the pole fell or rather leaned over and he had etill strength left to drag its butt out from the line to allow the top to fall lower. It was still almost beyond his reach, bub, with infinite labor to one Buffering so much, he with two stones bruised and battered the tough wire apart. Did he then know how long it would be before help could reach him ? Who shall say? Under a miserable bush he had obviously lain long and then thrown off most of his clothes — the strange course that poor wretches perishing in this way so frequently and accountably adopt) in their frenzy. ' Again he bad wandered about with short and faltering steps, sometimes actually crawl, ing on his hands and knees, now beneath one ehrub to seek its shade and then beneath another, but never far from the burnt post and broken wire, as if conscious that his sole hope now of rescue lay there. At laso came the final, awful, helpless agony that seizes the miserable dvine creature, whether brute or human being, that yields up life alone on the drought stricken, inseofc-oovered plains of tbe Austra lian interior. 'Oh, God of all created things, is it pos sible to reconcile the divine attributes of mercy, jastice, and omnipotence Thy worship pers ascribe to Thee with the unspeakable tortures that some of Thy creatures endure before they die?' ' I did not say those words exactly, but I felt like it as I saw how he had struggled and torn and kicked up the hard ground under the torment of those horrid ants and things in his eyes, nostrils, and mouth. Poor Dick ! he paid a dreadful penalty for his obstinacy ; he'd be alive now if he could only have believed that another man might know as much as be did. ' While the line-repairers did their work I managed to scoop out a shallow grave— and very shallow it was, for the eoil had dried so precious hard that it would have taken a day to get it down any depth. Then it felt that blasted hob a man could nob put oa a epuro for even the shortest time. The wire, too, was soon spliced and we did not stay to get a new pole, but stuck up the old one again. Why, there wasn't a tree within twenty-four hours' journey high enough to replace that Btick, so what's the use of saying we ought to have done the thing- properly ? ' Was it likely, then, that we were going to stop merely to plant a dead body a few feet deeper? Besides, we didn't think it a nice thing staying after dark with that lying there, aud the man who says he wouldn't mind is a gaeser ! So we finished at dusk and made tracks baok to the well, camped there a few days, and were off once more. You see the horses were as fast as whales and knew they were heading for home. ' The next day we arrived at the Soakage, where I found old Cast-iron all right and fin to go on. At the telegraph-station they gave me a job that lasted a goodish bit, and, but for the great object that brought me baok to the country, I should have stayed longer. That is, ao long as they didn't want me to go back to the burnt telegr»ph-pcle where the dead man lies with a few inches of gravel over him. Of course they would go when tihe line became in terrupted again, for they are fine fellows, who do their duty at ail hazards and in all weathers ; bub you bet they won't go there by night — nob the men, anyhow, who, like me, saw that face with its look of hopeless agony and horror. Do I suppose he walks? Yes, I'm sure of it, and if I went by there after dark I'd see him safe enough.' Chaptke XX.— The Prize is Won at Last. When the shearing season began in Queens land Jonathan Quig left tbe telegraph station determined to work his way to the Darling and then down that river and the Murray gradually into the Tatiara. This he did, passing from shed to shed ; and it was while shearing on a station near Bourke that he heard that a Mr. Grantley, evidently tbe man he most desired to meet, was bhe owner of Moolahalla. He, how ever, Bought employment, as the nomadic clipper of fleeces does, from the various equattero on the track he had chosen, and threw no chance away of making a few pounds until he presented himself before his old companion. ' As might have been expected, you knew me,' he said as he concluded ; 'but I don't think auy other man in Australia would.' ' Nob one, I believe,' added Roland ; ' I only did by your voice, and somehow even that has nob appeared familiar to me since. You have acquired the Yankee twang, which is a disguise in itself.' There was indeed little reason to fear that the most suspicious would recognise the returned wanderer. His face had aged and furrowed, two or three front teeth were gone, and the formerly bare chin was covered with a thiok greyish beard, while the whole carriage of the man bad altered, the tail, upright form having now a decided stoop. He also wore bis hair loner, as did many of the class he affected to belong to. Though Grantiey thought it extremely im probable that anything would be suspected, muoh leas discovered, he could not bub exhibit some anxiety as to the ultimate result of their quest iu the districb where both of them were once eo well known. He intended, however, that Jonathan should never go further than the Elbow, or Goolwa, as the future city on that historic spot was now named, and only there for a very short time. Though fully determined to neglect no mea sures to ensure safety, it often struck him that any special precautions were superfluous, so greatly had the rover changed, particularly when talking with others. Then he seemed to entirely lose his old manner and adopt the bush form of speech and Blang. as he did when absorbed in the recital of his tragic experience on the telegraph line. When with the class of men he had lived and associated with for bo many year? he became one of them, and none could detect the cultured and even courtly manner that once was natural to him. He was conscious of the change himself and once said to Grantley — ' It's safest to drop manners wbich are too fine for one's station in life, and I've made no effort to keep mine. Perhaps, if I come into expectations, with fashionable tailor-made clothes on, I may again pay proper attention to my language and pronunciation.' The shearing progressed well and in another fortnight there was every prospect of the finishing day arriving. No long, exasperating delays had occurred and all hands were in high spirits as the receipt of big cheques be came a near certainty. At this stage the mail arrived late one night, when the squatter was sitting alone posting up his books. Among other letters waa one from Miss Grantiey ; he could not mistake the bold, free hand. '' Putting it on one side he completed the task of going through and disposing of the others in due order. Then he broke the seal and read as follows : — ' My dearest Nephew— At last my proudest antioipationa are realised and I can preet you as Sir Roland Grantley, of Grantley Hall, the successive deaths of Sir Archibald and of your cousins having left vou the sole male represen tative of our ancient family. 'You may think this unfeeling to the dead, but for years my brother was a great sufferer and death must have come to him as a relief. In the best interests of our race, moreover, it is well that such disreputable members of it as your cousins— the twine — should have given place to you, and thus allowed title and estates to go together. Then again I never professed any peculiar affection for my brother ; indeed be neither desired nor deserved it. ' As I long einoe told you, I knew that he had made hie will in your favor, but the details he did not divulge to me. The last mail, how ever, not only brought the intelligence of his death, bnt a copy of his will, in which he de clares you heir to the whole of the Grantley estates — which are simply charged with a life* interest of £3,000 a year for his daughter. She is farther provided for by a settlement of £20,000 invested in consols, and a small de tached landed property. He expresses his earnest desire that you will marry her and live in the old mansion. She is now only twenty-six and one of the most beautiful girls in England. She has proved herself a most devoted daughter by rejecting maoy advantageous offers for her hand and attending on her father all these years with an affection that Btampa her as a woman possessed of the highest qualities. 'No doubt the lawyers will advise you in full of all details of the will and of the steps necessary for you to take. We all expeot to see yon shortly and meanwhile heartily con gratulate yon on your good fortune.— Your affecUonate-aunb, 'Ababkua Gbantlet.' 'P.S.— I hear that Sir Archibald was never tbe same man after the death of bis son. It was indeed a dreadful blow to so ambitious a ' I am makinpall arrangements to leave for England soon after X have seen yon. Poo* jdmXai&ov; has mitten, me to come asd lira with her, and this is a duty I owe both to my brother's memory and to her. 'A.G.' Among the numerous circulars and news- - f -. papers which find their way to large stations '. was a formidable envelope, which had escaped his notice. It proved to be advices from bis lawyers in Adelaide, communicating the fact of his Rood fortune, together with details of the will, and asking for his instructions in writing, unless he intended to visit the capital soon, which they thought would be best in his own interests. There could be no doubt that the in heritance, for which he had abandoned his love and sacrificed his happiness, was his at last absolutely without conditions. Certainly there was the desire expressed in the lattjst codicil, dated only the day before the testator's death, that he should marry his cousin ; bat legally he was free to take to wife whom be pleased. Would the dying man have been so generous if he had known that the match be had evidently set his heart upon was impossible? That no one could tell, bub Roland doubted it in his present mood, when his thoughts were dwelling more on what the great prize had cost him than on its actual worth. 'But for ib Petrel would have been mine, he repeated again and again, and the words appeared to be echoed by all the mysterious sounds of the night. Unable to endure his own reflections in inr*c tivity he went out and paced about for hoDors, as he often did. Worn out at last, he returned to his room, and, opening a small drawer, took from a receptacle within a portrait. It was the one Petrel had given him. ' By heaven,' he muttered, ' if she is only half as beautiful now I will instal her yet in Grantley Hail. What care I for the prejudiced schemes and wishes of the dead man ? *' If she will only consent we will bury the past and live for each other still. The scheming woman who intrigued to plaut me there at the price of love, honor, and happiness may yet rind her success coupled with a condition bh at J will blast her .triumph— the presence of t'ae woman she had bo wronged as mistress of the Hall. Nor, my good aunt, will your selfieh plots succeed as you expect, for I am well aware that you have studied your own intenjets as much as mine. You believed that_ by nlacintr me under so vast an obligafrfon. through inducing Sir Archibald to maks me his heir, I must receive you as an honored member of my household ; and doubtless it would be so if I married your niece. Do I not know you well enough to be assured that, given the opportunity, you will bo work npon the ties of relationship with her as to aecore your object and establish your footing? I should be a fool to question it ; you are too clever to fail. Bub, my dear aunt, how if Petrel occupies the poet of chatelaine of our ancestral hails? Then I shall have defeated your machinations and half avenged all that you ha ve caused me to euffer by your damnable wiles. Ib would be indeed a triumph ; but will Petrel consent?' From theae cogitations it will be gathered that Roland Grantley had some designs yet by which he hoped to checkmate the relative who had taken so deep an interest in his pro gress through life, and who, it must be ad mitted, bad done much to advance his material welfare as well as to frustrate his love. _ Hav ing arrived at thiB charitable state of mind he sank into a troubled Bleep, from wbich the morning light roused him in no very fit con dition, to all appearance, for the heavy duties of the day. Bub Grantley was one of those men who always rise to every emergency, and as the hours wore on he became more fit for None the lees he said to himself when, work over, he wended his way homeward — 'One more day gone. Another fortnight at this rate and I can Btart down to put the last chance to the test.9 It is all over at length. The last man has been paid his cheque, and more than nail or them have already saddled their horses and departed in search of other sheds. Many with the best intentions to avoid public houses and save their hard-earned money will succumb to the first temptation. Others will pass on until some seductive being in petti coats beeets their path, and then in a delirious pursuit of what is to them probably the un attainable their funds will quickly melt. A few simply mean to seek the nearest grog shop and have a 'glorious spree.' They know themselves too well to dream of postponing, much less permanently resisting, their in ordinate craving for ardent spirits. It is a ehort eostacy, but to its votaries life has none other so irresistible. Meanwhile Grantley is talking to Jonathan Quig by the sheepyard fence. 'Youstarb to-morrow,' be said, 'and ride down as far as Wentworth. Sell your horse there and go on by steamer. It will be quicker and excite no suspicion, as riding all the way mieht. When near Wellington land and buy a boat, or maybe you can obtain one at a river port going down. You must say you intend to start fishing and shooting. Then make your way to Goolwa, say in four weeks from to-day, and a letter shall be at the post- office for you from me. It will instruct you to see. my agent there, who will be on the look-out forasui-oable boatman to accompany me on a Bhooting ex cursion up the lakes. When he has made the , necessary arrangements we will go on this ' wild-goose chase of yours, and if success is to be attained we will attain it.' ' I doubt ib, or you either, in the least,' re plied Quig. *' I have only to join you as di rected, which is easy enough ; and I see you mean business by the short time you have allowed before we meet again to begin the search.' (To be continued, i 