Short Story0 EUGENIE. S7 BAtni DERE0HE3?. . . At the period when .ill Franco rang with her name, and the details of tho deed of which she had been found iruilty, Euirenio . Moroier was .sixty-six years of ::-;o. Sho was u woman of average height, but ? with a face that at once attracted attention. .Beautiful sho hud never been, but her dour, piercing glaneo bore witness to lior excep tional intelligence. Extraordinary determin ation was to bi: rend in every lino of hor striltinur, strongly- marked features. The unusual force of 'will which liad sustained her in i lifol.)L-j; striur.ule with adverse for tune, trd thu aiulatity which had never failed her, were written on her rusrarcd eoun tonrim-e. Emphatically nhc was what people call 11 woman of character. While still younu', she It.-i-l lost her mother, and her father had died .shortly after she had come of aw. A mill-owner on a fair scale, he had left his daughters— there were four of them in all— his bigness, and a o-ipital sum of some six teen thousand pounds. It was r.xpectod that the mi'ls would be. sold, but. Mercier would hear nothing of an ann'.igete.ent nhichshc was convinced would eutail a loss on the f'lmily. Sho declared herself orpial to the task of carrying on her father's business, and having secured her sisters' consent to her scheme, she boldly entered on its realisation. At first it seemed as if her, pluck were to be rewarded. People who had laughed at . her decision were soon forced to admit her business talents. Her shredwuess put tho scoffers out of court, and converted the most sceptical to a favourable view of her abilities . Unfortunately the weak side of her nature was not long in showing itself. Mercier was a born gambler. Humdrum profits and n steady trade did not satisfy her. Wild dreams of piling- up a huge fortune possessed her. With .1 daring seldom displayed by one \- of her box, .sho launched out in gisrantii; speculations. It may bo that she was'out of her depth in these dangerous waters, or per haps, as she always protested, luck was against her. Whatever the explanation, her efforts in a few years spelled ruin. She was beggared, and;in coining to grief herself sho had dragged her .sisters down with her. When the crash came, her relations, not unnaturally, did not spare their reproaches and blame. Her failure did not unnerve her. Far from that, she entered on a fierce iight. with fa e. An indomitable determination to retrieve her lost position lircd her. Her one thought was to repair tho harm she had done. Cost wh.it it might, the fortune sho had al lowed to slip through her misers Bhould bo won back again. Going to Paris, she worked like a slave for several years in various subordinate positions. She went out as a waitress in restaurants, Bhe served as assistant in shops, she kept books, turned her hand, in short, to what ever oifercd. In this way, little by little, she scraped together a small capital. Sho startc i manufacturing ladies' boots and shoes, built up a business after immense exertion, and came to employ a number of hands. But just as success seemed within her grasp the ground crumbled away beueath her feet, and she driftod back almost to whero sho was before. With tho littlo money she saved from this second disaster, sho ra turned to her native . ' place, whero ahc established a dressmaking business. It prospered to some extent, but the field was too narrow to give scope to hor ambition. She could not withstand for long the temptation of seeking fortune a second . time in Paris. She removed her business there, renting a ahop on the Boulevard Haussmanu, ono of 'the most fashionable thoroughfares in tho capital. Here she doggedly continued a strugglo which never gave much hope of ending satisfactorily. Her want of capital proved an insurmount able olstucle. The small amount sho had ?was Blowly but surely swallowed up, till in 1S81 she was turned out of her premises, being unable to pay the rent. Tortwo years she lived with her sisters in tho direst poverty. Without being mad, they were weak witted, and tho task of supporting them foil entirely on her. By doing needlework aho ?gaiuod'u bare subsis tence for them, which was eked out with charitable contributions. Now comes tho turning point in Eugenie ? Mercirr's career. Hitherto she seems to bavo Leon as much uiuned against as sinning. At any rate thero had been this to her credit, that sho had never shirked tho hardest work, but-hud toiled valiantly, but to poor purpose. To:starve after thirty yoars of honesty and incessant effort wao a cruel fate. It is not surprising that tho woman waa embittered and hardened. Foiled in her atteiopt to mako lior way by fair means, she wonld now appear to havo decided on attaining her end by foul. It is impossible to tell tho precise moment at which the idea of a crime entered her head, but her subsequent conduct boro tho stamp of it having been carefully premeditated. i Among- her customers, while she had the shop on the boulevard Haussmaun, had boon an elderly unmarried lady, a Miss Menctrct. Without being rich, Miss Menetret was fairly well -oil'- posp.eeaed, that is, of an income from various sources of nearly four hundred -a -year. Sho. was almost alone in the1 world, and had often complained to Mercier of her isolation, and of tho cheerle h life she lod. ? It occurred to Mercier that this lndy might be inducod to assist her. Sho knew her to ? .: be a woman. of weak character, easily lod, and ? likely to . fall . a facile prey to anyone who should bo in a position to obtain a hold over hor. In consequence Mercier paid her a visit, and asked hor if oho could givo her employ ment-oven in a menial capacity. Menetret,. touched by tho recital of the misfortunes of a woman whom sho had known in better cir oumstauccs, did what sho oould. . It bo happened that whou Mercier applied to her she was about to leave Paris She had purchased a house standing in largo grounds at Villomoublo, a small tp.wn at flomo distannu from tho capital, whore land was cheap. She seems to have been rather doubtful of the wisdom of tho step sho had taken. Tho prospect of living alone in the country appeared less agreeable, now that it was on the point of being realised. Mer oior oould not havo come upon tho scono at a moro opportune moment, from her own point of view. Jliss Monetrot engaged hor at first to Buporinteud her moving. Thi.s occasion to Bhow hor usefulness waa all that Mercier wanted. She. delighted her employer by the skill and practical insight with which she tided her over a troublesome undertaking. Miss Monotret wao overjoyed at having found someone who po&sesijod; exactly tho qualities sho was most in Trent of, who could relievo her of all irksomo responsibilities, and on whom sho imagined sho could implicitly rely. Moroior quickly turned to good account tho favourablo impression nho ) ad made. Her temporary capacity was soon mado perman ent. Her unlimited capacity for work on - abled her to take over tho entire caro of tho house. Miss Menetrot, was porsuadod with out difficulty to dismiss her two servants, a cook and maid -Mercier undertaking to fill tho place of both of them. Mistress and servant wero thus alono in tho house, which stood by itself, out oil by extonsivo grounds from tho main portion of tho town. Whether murder was in Meroier's mind from tho first cannot bo doterminod. It is probablo that, to commence with, sho hoped to attain her ends by milder measures. With her strength of character, it was not difficult for her to gain complete ascendancy over .weak aad vacillating Miss Monetret. Her principal weapon was terror. Sho did not allow her mistress a momoul's peace, gha tsSssrl jsapatu&lly; of tho riaka two uu proteofed women ran in hvin.r iu -\\- isolated j a house, piling horror upjui horror in her endless tales of midri-ht inur.loi's, of win - throat burglars, and even of ghosts Him- ob ject mis, of course, to impress upon Miss Menetrot tho advantage of havinir it her side a strong minded woman, whom tho most audacious scoundrel would havo considerable hesitation in attacking. By dint of harping- on these uncanny sub jects she somewhat overstepped tlie'mark. Miss Menetret had two old friends at. Ville. meuble, Mr. and Mrs Urasset, whoso pre sence in the town had been her chief induce ment to take up her abode there. To them she confessed that her servant, thcmirh a a great acquisition in most respects, had her short comings. 'My boot and shoe seller,' she said, al luding to Morcier's former occupation. 1 1 lightens mo At times 1 am heartily tired of her.' Mereier, however, had not misciienlatod her mistress's want of energy. Miss Mono trot could not bring it upon 'herself to dismiss hor. ? Tho tales she had been compelled to listen to had had their clVect, and the old lady shuddered at the thought of beimr shut up in her lonely home with straiiitors of 'whom she would know little, and whom sho would bo unable to entirely trust. Still Mercier noticed signs of smoulderin'- discontent iu her victim, and before lonl matters took a turn which told her that if her prey were not to e.-cap-j her she mu?t. | alter lior hue of oon.liict. JUiss Mem-tret suddenly hit upon tho idea that she could not do better th-m persuade Mr. and Mrs. Grasset to come and live with her. Kr.d they acceded to her request lier life would in all probability havo been saved, but for private reasons they wero unable to full in with her proposal. But the mere fact that such a scheme had been mooted had alarmed Mercier. and brought home to her the necessity for imme diate action. Her discomposure' was com plete when this first attempt on tho purtof Miss Menetrot to protect herself was followed by a second. Sho arranged to confide to the safe keeping of tho Grassots her bonds, her jewels, and all her valuables. This was a crushing blow. Mercier felt, that, even if she continued to maintain her iniluenco it would bo valueless. If was on the luurniujr of the ISth of April, lSSli, t! at she was informed of this fresh determination. The same afternoon Mrs. Grasset appeared to curry out tho arrangement. Sho and Miss Menetret began drawing up a list of the pro perty which the la{ tor' was to hand over. Thero is every reason to believe that unknown to them Mercier was closely watching their procecdiugs. Certain it is that sho know what was on foot, and her mind was made up to interfere at all costs. For once in a way fortune favored hor, though on this occasion it would have been bettor if it had not. The two women found their task took far longer than thot had ex pectoci. xwo copies ot tho list Lad to bo made out, tho articles in it had to bo care fully described at considerable length, and ninny of the items needed accurato verifica tion. Tho result was that after an after noon's work only a small part, of tho list was completed. When Mrs. Grassot left she merely took with her a fow jcwols. But this was not all. Chanco had a still moro conspiouous trick to play. It had been agreed that Mrs. Grassot should roturn tho following day to finish the inventory. On her way hemo sho slipped upon her doorstop and badly sprained hor ankle.' For nearly a fortnight sho was confined, toller bed.1 When sho was well agairi the ;wholb- situation had chansred. ' - J With tho 'readiness to not in an bmorgonoy that had charaoforised hor 'aUhor 'life, Mer cier had seized- tho opportunity that was un expectedly offered her;' just \ when it eoomod she would be obliged ; to throw up her hand. ' '? Miss Menotret's- own habits provided tho desperate woman with a means of attacking hor. She was accustomod to take narcotics, especially luitdsnum. It was easy for Mer cier to givo her a, larger doso than sho usually took, to profit by the eomi-insonsibility it produced to repeat the dose at too early an interval, and thus to drug hor mistress by degrees until sho was unconscious and in her power. Direct evidenco goes to show that this was tho plan sho adopted. Mr. Grasset, who called on the 21st, found his friond in a somewhat prostrated state, which would have surprisod him moro than it did had ho not been aware of her tendency to indulge in opiates. On tho following day two other slight acquaintances sho had made iu tho neighborhood called and wero admitted to see her, but quickly withdrew, struck by tho plight, in which they found her. This was tho last occasion on which Mis3 Menetrot was seen alive. Four or five days later Mr. Grassot on asking for her was told by Mercier that ho could not see her. Tho truth was that in tho meantime tho crimohad cbeen ncomplished. Tho grim details of tho awful scone that was enacted in tho silent house will never bo revealed. That is, they are only known in bare outline. Only one human being was acquainted with tho torriblo truth, and sho never opened her lips to divulge it. For over two years the fato of Miss Menctret remained enshrouded in impenetrable mys tery. Before giving as olose a description as is possible from the evidence afterwards brought to light of tho tragedy itself, tho extraordinary means must be related by which it was sblongkept secret. Mr. Grasset repeated his visits, only to bo again and again ideniod ontrance. It bo came necessary at last for Meroierto givo him some sort of an explanation of this continual refusal to admit him to a house with tho proprietor of which - ho was on such friendly terms. Her first declaration to the astonish ment of tho old- gontloman, was that: Miss Monetret had gone to America,: leaving her in tho house with instructions to let it lif nossiblo. ?'.-??'?. - 1 .'.: : ; ,.-{ It was hard to believe that anleldei-ly'lady' could ha^e8tarted,og,so long a. journey, with- out previously lotting drop a. wbrjd of ;hpr. in tontions, and Mr. ' Grasset mado ' no attempt to conceal ? his1 ^Booptibism.- ?.. ?Meroior: . thorir altered hor tone;-; She assumed: a mysterious, air, and talked about an oath sho had ,takon. not to'rovoal,'the whbreiibbuta of 'HormiRti-esa'.1 Still sho hmtodthat ?MiasMohotrot 'had'do-; tided to retire foretime,, perhaps for, (tho rbsfc' of her lifo, into. a convent. . ',' '; ''-, ? This second solution that was offered' of tho enigma satisfied Mr. Grasset as littlo as. tho first, as well it might. The marvel is that the police, to whom ho had related what had occurrod, did not fool called upon to mako inquiries. Mr. Grassot lcepta watch on the nouso, and estabhshod that Miss Meuetrct was not in correspondence with tho woman whom she was supposed to havo left in entire charge of her affairs. Moreover, it is remarkable that no ono had soon her Ie'.ve Villomoublo. Nothing was known of her departure at thn station, no ono hud moved her luggage, no ono had provided her with u conveyance. It ia simply incompre hensible that Morcier should havo been left undisturbed in the way sho was. It is truo that tho idea of a murder was not entertained so far oven by Mr. Griissot. ilo thought that Miss Monet rot had boon sequestrated, was a prisoner in hor own houso. In tho meantime, Mercior was in a hurry to ooaso to bo alono iu tho building, that for her inuy well have boon haunted. Strong minded as sho was, tho .'-train upon hor nerves of living in solitudo amid scenes peopled with such awful momorics was intolerable. In consequence, the moment her dreadful task wan completed, sho wrote to her sisters askiug them to come and stay with her. Ilonorine, hor eldest sister, who arrived on tho 29th of April, within a week of tho orinio, remarked upon the disgusting odor which filled tho houso. Early in M«y two other sisters put in an appearance. Mercier merely told them that sho had rented tho place, and took .;aro that, t.hoy should enter into communication with no 0110 in tho neighborhood. Sho did not offer any explanation of tho eauso of tho sudden improvement iu her for tunes, though, ahe had tho audaoiiy.tOHpo.uk in mysterious terms of au unlocked for inter reniionaf Providence K'.t matters imh!-1 not go or. indefinitely m this way. Mereier felt that by hook or by crook she must lend nonui color to tho story that. Miss Menetret hnrl appointed her her representative. .Besides, if .qlU) woro- to dorivo any lasting benefit from tho erimo, ohe must find oomo menus of laying hands on hor lato mistress's property. To effect this double purposo sho embarked rm a wholesale system of forgery. It would bo tedious to givo in detail tho innumerable documents she concocted to justify her presence in tho house, to make it appear that she was continually receiving instructions from JMiss Monetret, and to entitle her to convert, tho lattorV; belongings, down to her very wardrobe, into monev, and to draw her income with tho supposed object ot forwarding it to her. All that need bo said i.i that her oxtenoivo knowledge of business affairs, coupled with great: ingenuity, enabled her to play her part with skill and success. Ono instance of her cunning will snftico to illustrate the clever ness of her proceedings. Sho travelled to -Luxemburg, introduced herself to a lawyer there as Miss Monetret, succeeded in eon- a vmcing him of her identity, and inducod him to draw up a procuration in proper legal form, by which she, as Miss Monotrot, gavo full power to Eugenio Mcroier to deal with hor property in her absence. Tho result pf ..her clover manoeuvring was thai, lor over two years iier crime, ami tho colossal frauds that followed it, ivsr.aiiicd un detected. Her grerd was -Himately the cau-M of her downfall. Hd _-p ambition was to sell tho house, but tho difH^uiliei in thu way wero great. Sho forgot her usual caution so fnr as to seek the assistance of Chateauncuf, a nephew of hers, iu an abor tive attempt to deceive a Brussels lawyer, who was to have furnished hor with tho necessary documents. She then invited Chateauueuf merely to stay with her, but his suspicious had been aroused. To get at the truth he ransacked her papers and pli;d her with awkward questions. Ho was par ticularly struck by the peculiar remarks sho often mado with rogard to a certain flower bod in tho garden, which sho would allow no one to approach. Putting all he had heard and seen together, ho acquired tho conviction thai his auut had murdered Miss Menotret. Ho himself was anything- but a lovely char acter, and the first use ho mado of tho dis covery was to extort money. Mcroier turned a deaf ear to his demands. Ho immediately ucnounccu nerto the. authorities. Tho flower bed ho pointed out was dug up. At a littlo distance from tho surface were found a quantity of partially calcined bones.! Among them was a false tooth, aud a tooth that had been stopped. It was provodfrom a dentist's bill dated 1S71, and found among Miss Menctret's papers, that iu that -.year she had had 11 tootli stopped and n, false tooth inserted. A metal clasp was also dug up with tho remains that had fastened a band Miss Menetret had boon in tho habit of wear ing round her neck to hido a slight 'disfig- urement. From tho appearance of tho fireplace it;was clear that Miss Monetrot had boon burned 'in her own bedroom. Tho grate showed the plainest traces of tho action of .a treinonil ously powerful fire. It was crackndaud contorted, tho surrounding wall was scorohrid,' tho chimney-piece badly burned, and : the floor around tho hearth bore marks of the fierceness of the conflagration. : . Thus at last was Eugenio Moroior brought to justice. Her advocate urged tho plea of iusanity in her favour with grant skill, and sho was condemned to twenty years' penal servitude. 