THE SUNDAY SCHOOL INTERNATIONAL LESSON. 1 SUNDAY, DECEMBER 23rd. THE PRINCE OF PEACE. j Isa. ix. 2-7. J Golden Text (Isa. ix. 7). — 'Of the in crease of His government and peace there shall be no end.' Introduction. Place in Bible History .—The Bible history of the time of Isaiah is found in 2 Kings xvi.-xxi. ; 2 Chron. xxvi. xxxiii. Contemporary Prophets. — Hosea was contemporary in Israel with Isaiah, and Nahum and Micah in Judah. Possibly also Joel in Judah, and Amos and Jonah in Israel may have been still living, old men, in the early days of Isaiah. The Time of this Lesson. — Probably the time of Ahaz, B.C. 785-732. Place. — It wag delivered in Jeru salem, the prophet's house, to Judah, the prophet's people. The Prophet's Panorama. — The scenes of coming times, like a pano rama, passed before the prophet's eye. Most of the picture was of battles and sieges, noise, dimness, and thick dark ness. But in one portion there was light. In distant and darkened Galilee he saw a golden dawn. He saw the joy of the people ; armour and weapons laid aside ; peace succeeding war ; the light expanding and becoming more intense, until the Son of Eighteousness itself was visible. On that scene the eye of the prophet gazed intently. He clearly sees the coming Messiah, the Prince of Peace, so clearly that he describes Him as already come. — Barnes . I. — Darkness. ? All' the world was in darkness when Christ came; but here. .the Jews ? ? ? ? n — ? * ? l ? r* ? t- ? eajjuuiauy are . mbeuu.ua. faaou Jfraw linsonsays: 'When Jesus came for ward to teach and to preach in Galilee of the Gentiles the true Light, which lighteth every man that cometh into the world, first broke on man in that northern tract by the way of the sea, glorifying the region on which con tempt had long been poured: Por thirty years He had dwelt 1 at Nazareth, and there He had first come forward to teach in a synagogue (Luke iv. 16-21) ; in Galilee He had done his first miracle (Johnii, 11; iv. 5); at Caper naum, upon the sea coast, on the borders of Zebulon and Nephthalim, He commenced His preaching of repent ance (Matt. iv. 13-17).' This portion of the land bad been subjected, from time immemorial, to heathen influences, and to subjection by heathen enemies. They knew too well the faces of Syrian and Assyrian warriors. They were often threatened with captivity. The darkness of war and conquest is the outward and visible sign of the inward and spiritual darkness of the life with out faith ; the household without piety, the nation without confidence in the King of kings and Prince of peoples. Ahaz introduced the worst of idolatry among his people. 'The worship of Moloch, the savage god of Ammon, was now established, not only on the heights of Olivet, but in the valley of Hinnom, on a spot known by the name of Tophet, close under the walls of Jeru salem. There the brazen statue of the god was erected, with the furnace within or at his feet, into which the children, were thrown (2 KingB xvi). Superstitions appeared in every part of the country. Gold and silver statues glittered throughout Judaea. Sooth sayers, spirits, ghosts, were consulted.' Stanley. Such books as Archdeacon Farrar'B Darkness and Dawn show us how demoralised the world was when Jesus Christ came. The world is much better. Although there is still too much darkness. II. — Dawn. A promise of enlargement. Thou hast multiplied the nation. The dying tree revived again. Harvest joy is to return. War is imminent. Conquest must come after conflict. But this shall perish. War itself shall die. Death shall not reign always. Then there came a vision of the Birth of the Redeemer. We look back and fill the sentences with more meaning probably than did those who looked forward. We have the interpretation of events. But even at the early period these prophecies were so spread abroad that at the time of His coming as ' we are informed by Tacitusk by Suetonius, and by Josephus, there prevailed through out the entire East an intense convic tion that ere long a powerful monarch would arise in Judaea , and gain dominion over the world.' — Farrar. III.— Day. When that vision is actualised the day will break in meridian strength. The earth is to be filled with the glory of God. Christ is the Prince of Peace, and His kingdom will be unending. The day-spring from on high hath visited lis; and the world will never again Bit in darkness and the valley of the shadow of death. Light has come and light will spread. 