CHEATING THE GODS. A correspondent of tho North China Herald, writing from tho interior of Kiangsu province, mentions that one of the industries there is the manufacture of mock money for offering to the dead. Formerly the Chinese burnt sham paper money, by.t in these days of enlightment and foreign intercourse tho natives of Soongkong, Hangchow, and other places have come to the conclusion that dollars are more handy to tho ghosts than clumsy paper money ; hence they now, to a great extent, supply their ancestors and departed friends with mock dollars. These are only half the size of real dollars, but there appears to bo no more harm in cheating tho dead than there is in cheat ing tho living. Beside, the deceased are not supposed to know tire- difference, for many of them departed this life before silver dollars woro imported into China. A hundred mock Caoolus dollars, done up in boxes, are sold for 31 cash. The opera tion of making tins money is interesting. First of all there are blocks of tin which are melted down and then poured between boards -lined with Chinese piper, and when the upper board is pressed down on tho lower a thickness of tin remains. This is neat cup up into strips four inches long, one wide, and an eighth of an inch thick. Some ten of these strips nre placed evenly together, one on top of the other, and one end is held between tho fingers, when the workman proceeds to hammer them out till he has b-aten them so fine that they are now three feet long and a foot broad, and so thin that they nre not thicker than the thinnest paper. This is next pasted on common cardboard, which is then cot with a punching machine to the size cf half dollars, and this having been done, a boy takes the cut out|pieces in hand, and with two dies, one representing the one sido and the other the reverse, hammers impressions of dollars on them, and tho money is ready for use. Another very curious instance of the practice of cheating the gods is recorded in the same journal, but from quite a different part of tho country. It appears that districts of tho province have lately been ravaged by an epidemic, so that in many places tho people were unable to attend to the harvesting of the crops. An attempt was then made to deceive tho gods by “playing at” New Year’s Day, and pre tending that September 1 was the first day of the new year. Every preparation for celebrating the bogus new year was made, such as burning fire crackers and pasting happy sentences in rod paper on the door?. The object was to make tho god of sioknoss think that ho had made a mistake iu the seasons, and had erred in bringing an epidemic on tho people at a time when no epinemic in the course of nature should appear. As any action contrary to nature done by tho gods is liable to punishment by tho King of Heaven, tho aotors iq this faroi thought £hat tho god of sickness would gather his evil spirits back to him for fear of the displeasure of his superior divinity. This child’s play received tho permission and co-operation of tho local authorities, but so far no visible effects for the bettor are apparent. The Depopulation op France. —Tho *0 called depopulation of Franco is one of the charges habitually made by Socialist writers against the bourgevisie, and it is stated by M. Amici in those terms :—“If the general birth rate of Franco were equal to that which holds among tho flower of tho bourgeois classes,nt tho close of 200 years not a single Frenchman would be left,” and ho suggests as the cause “ tho sett’od .determination to limit tho number of children.” M. Drngo, in his report on French labor, says tho same delormiuRtion is to be found in large sec tions of tho industrial and poorer ngricuF tural classes. Ho does nor think the origins of this tendency are simple or easily traced, “ Account would have to bo taken of legal' qs well as moral and economic foots running through tho whole structure of Pio.ch life.” In many dis tricts, M. Baudrfllost points out, the populalion is declining, not from emigre tion or privation, but from restriction of births. Mils, ho oOls a moral and economic ovil, too rapid., a growth of population is on ovil, but a loss one than (hi* rapid depopulation. M. Levastour looks upon the onuses n-i loss exclusively moral than M. Baustvillart, and traces the foot to the operqtiqa qf the law of military soryjee, higher education of women, movement of the population from the country- to the towns, decay of religious sentiment, etc. 