ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; The Brough-Boucicault Company presented the second novelty of their season at the Princess's last Saturday in "The Bauble Shop," one of Mr. H. A. Jones's later plays. It is to be regretted that so interesting a piece should only have been billed tor a week's run, although the experience of " The Second Mrs. iTanqueray" has probably warned the management that matters theatrical in Melbourne just now are at the lowest possible ebb, mid that with the latest success it is just possible to expect an over flowing house on Saturdays, and very moderate business during the week. If Mel bourne has not as yet been destroyed by brimstone, it is certainly not on account of the prayers of more than one entrepreneur among those who have recently departed. The fact is, that among the profession the metropolis has lost caste as a good show town ; and it is hardly less apparent that the critical taste of our audiences—always rather a moot point—lias certainly not increased of late. The probability of Mr. Jones's motive hardly calls for discussion. It may seem a trifle beyond the mark that a mere suspected amour with a young person in a toy shop should suflice for the political extinction of a Prime Minister. But it must be remem bered that the audience are privileged to regard the incident from a very different point of view to that allowed to the British Com mons. If, for instance, the Victorian public were to be informed next week that a prominent statesman, as the climax of a series of clandestine visits, had been found in somebody else's house, paying an affectionate adien to a pre possessing young woman at 1 o'clock in the morning, we are afraid that there would be trouble, if not in Parliament, at all eventB in the churches. Stoach very aptly gauges popular opinion on such matters when he contents himself with " merely stating the facts, and allowing the public to form their own conclusions." At a moment when the British nation is in the throes of one of its periodical moral spasms the consequences of snch an accusation could hardly fail to be disastrous—nay, more, it is impossible to help believing that Mr. Jones had in his mind a memorable case in which an eminent English politician, hounded out of Parlia ment on the mere assertion of a distracted woman, was permitted after a year or two of judicious retirement to quietly resume his seat and no small portion of his former in fluence. In any case we are prepared to concede the circumstances as more than atoned for by a work of very nnnsual power mid originality. Mr. Jones is a man of strong opinions on the mission of the drams, and it is no dis paragement to hiB genius that these peculiar views have sometimes led him, as in " The Dancing Girl," into eccentricities which are almost ridicnlouB. But in " The Bauble Shop " these extravagances of genius have no place. We can only class it as a play abso lutely distinct in theory and method of con struction from any other in the somewhat restricted range of English comedy. Like " The Second Mrs. Tanqiieray," it strikes exclusively on certain limited notes in the gamut of human passion; but, unlike that extraordinary work, it appeals for its in terest to no arbitraiy and Liearre series of coincidences. For the first time Mr.Jones has succeeded in enlisting the sympathies of the audience in a hero who by his own con-4 fesaion is a very erring man indeed. Lord Clivebrooke is admittedly a libertine, and as the result of a very plentiful sowing of wild oats has reared a bounteous crop of cynicism on the subject of feminine virtue. He makes ho denial of it; and it is characteristic of nineteenth-oentury views of life that the oossin whom he asks off-: handedly to many him should not. be shocked., Even his father, steeped to the lips in, conservative prejudices, regards the condition of. affairs as an eminently natural and genteel—yonug men will be young men; they begin by being "a little wild," and in due coarse settle down. Lord Clirebrook mast marry, because his station demands it, because Lady Clive brook will give him additional power in the party, because the estates and title de mand a continuance of the line. So we find the leader of the House of Commons setting himBelf deliberately, with the full experience of his forty yearn, to the ruin of a young girl of nineteen, and almost deterred from his purpose by the dread suspicion that perhaps, after all, the girl, instead of being innocent, may be taking him in. It is observable throughout that he makes no question of his suooess ; just as, when the crash comes, his father, the haughty Earl of Sarum, entertains no doubt that he baa succeeded—in fact, the possible virtue of a young person in a toy-shop is a matter that never enters their aristocratic heads. Nor can we avoid noticing that the sorrow with which the father receives the son's iree-and-e&sy; views on women iB as a drop in the ocean to his wrath at the harrow ing discovery that Lord . Clivebrook is actually mad enough to offer marriage to the girl whose reputation hiB selfish conduct has destroyed. Is it too much to conclude that the dramatist has drawn these characters with no self-deception on the score of their virtuous motives, but simply reproduced with photographic accuracy the ordinary types of every-duy life? When in course of ages this world of ours crumbles into fragments, and above its sepulchre is written the epitaph " Humbug," that brief obituary will refer not to the professed quacks and charlatans, of whom there are few, but to the millions of respectable men and women who have never questioned their own righteousness. The Earl of Sarum, we doubt not, would have gladly gone to the stake in defence of the principle of noblesse oblige. Lord Clivebrook'e dissipa tion is haunted by no ghost of conscience. To Mr. Stoach himself his own moral purity amounts to a religion; yet he also, self-made patriot that he is, sees nothing but a stroke of business in sweating the brains of a man cursed by one conquering vice, and is absolutely incredulous where the honour.of one of his employes is con cerned. That Stoach is firmly confident of his own virtue it is impossible to doubt for a rooipent. From beginning to end all are tarred with the same brash. All are corrupt, all cankered with the same moral leprosy, yet one cannot help liking them because they are so human. Coming, then, to the mere draftsmanship of the play, it is impossible to resist admiring the author's avoidance of the traditional methods of climax. " Pictwe, Blue Firt, Slow CurtainF* so the formula ran • couple of generations since. The bine tire has been eliminated these 30 years, but the slow curtain, the " picture," and tbe music remain with us to this day, despite the fact that in no human tragedy, except, perhaps, an execution, is there any careful arrangement of the dramatis persona. In " The Bauble Shop" the author has seized on the true principles of dramatic effect. He depends for his climax purely and simply on the imagination of his andience, and we should like to add that to our mind nothing more eloquently testifies to the genius of the play. The finale of the first act alone is a triumph of dramatic construction. Willi the concluding act we confess ourselves less pleased. Had Jessie Keber, in a triumph of self-abnegation, persisted in her refusal of Lord Clirebrook's offer, and left him to work out his year or two of expiation, the audience might have experienced a less complete sense of satisfaction, but at least the dramatic unities of the situation would have been preserved. Still the "happy end ing" is above all things demanded of play goers, and we presume that Mr. Jones had to make a certain sacrifice to the feelings of the people upon whom he depended for support. Mr. Jones has been denied one pleasure that of witnessing Mr. Titheradge's playing of the leading rdle. It would, we believe, have satisfied him, for of many impersonations by an artist always sympathetic, often maBterly, we know of none more entirely satisfactory. The soliloquy in the second act alone, ranging from fantastic humour to pathos, shows his entire appreciation of the author's meaning. Again, we have a notable imperso nation in Mr. Brough's Stoach, one of those characterisations which, like his Orloff in "Diplomacy," remind us how nearly comedy, even of the most farcical school, is akin to tears. In Mr. Boucicault's Earl of Sarum we recognise a familiar if carefully worked out picture, and for the rest we must entirely praise Miss Ida Noble's Jessie Keber and one little gem of character-acting, Mr. Gladstone's Mimms. Mrs. Brough in this piece contents herself with a minor part, that of - Lady Kate Fennell, but the natural charm with which she invests the character more than atones for its comparative unimportance. Mention should also be made of Mr. BenouFs study of the drunken toy-maker, and. Miss Emma Temple's sketch of the finds sticle girl. The other productions of the week have been Mr. George Darrell's " Hearts of Oak' at the Royal and " Missing at Lloyd's" at the Alexandra. Both of them'ale of the-ultra sensational order, and call for -no apepial mention. At the music-halls clever variety programmes are presented. 