"THE SQUATTER'S . DAUGHTER. By Harold jT/» Mackenzie corvurwrt 7iv.skrvbd. , chapter w:— CO5tisdbi>, iCi tia rs;r.».7."ui . ..- iiux-s«rnt onebright ?jn:jmor!!dig,m\iviri3«m Ins dog-skins, »nd took t.Sii! rii.-: fiidii tliu grown, tho fcacfer&d.;'u' od off with u merry 4iwho-o- nten" frnr.l nml innnli tiiplfinif f.,m ho two flogs which nccompaniod bnp, 3 Jc-sidc h:ni .-at a small black boy, Eorpjotid i'VRfl at 44 Ktirntomnnli," tftkon / $xtfco fiurposo of opening gates and J_M J&King; himself generally useful -t u&?E'tfpoof aucii was his name, had somo- ,y Jf of u grrrfesquc appearance, as clad y fa/a clarvt- colorad coat with immense ''are buttons, and high hat, he sab stolid Ki the sphinx benide his master. I The road lay through amno of tlio pret- iftoiconntry to ho found in tho noighbor- hood/. For miles a lagoon, calm and clear ugtrmiTorJrmgcd tothewator's edcoTjith. (w6k v egoist; on, whore wild- duok and waterfowl remained undisturbed, bor dered one 'side of it ; on the other Wretched away for miles tho now luxuri ant paddocks of Ksratoomah, encircled by. thick belts of eucalypti, Boyond this sgain and soma fiftcon miles lay Timbnora, it place the rnuler has previously nuido icaaaintancu with. £ rfryer wns Eric in such good spirits ns n this bright and health- giving morning, he restrained a too willing leader or touched up a sluggish polcr, which wore taking him to Timhoora, for the purpose if joining in some festivities provided by ifie manager. Since Muriel's departuro many months ago, he had nover set foot in tho house. Duncan Grey had then uppoiutcd tho present forma Itnciu, a jorial open- hearted bachelor of some forty ye&tB; of agp to act a manager : As ho turned hi team into tho Inst paddock which separated him from the home-station, 'the house wherein ho had passed so many pleasant hours burst into view. Never did it look butter. Tho garden, one mass of flowering plants, , casting far and wido its rich scents, the tennis-cotir: wns a perfect sward of vol- yet, on which a sot of players were con testing fur victory, and abovo all came tho pfatighter of girlish voices, which Eric &Bvcd; to hear. y As the panting team halted in front of , jthe house and Ronald Gregory issued forth' to bid him welcome, Eric felt, do-, gpite his former gaiety, a slight misgiving of the heart. He saw before him tho garden wherein he had pledged his love, she house now tenanted with gay and cheerful voices, but amongst them none like Muriel's, so low nnd musical in sound. 'Gb»d to sco you, Rymanscourt," said- the cheery voice of" Ronald ; 44 comein mild have a 4 nip after your drive," with which refreshing greeting tho two sauntered into tho dining-room to partake . £ f spirits and water, during tho con/ .pamption of which they talked of many", things ; what number uf bales there was likely to bo at tho ond of shearing, the. terospect of the welcome rains continuing, snd all those questions which are so dear to the squatter's heart. Then they came $o questions of a social character. tSfAndso, my boy, yon kept it dark as long .-V you could," said Ronald, cheer- jfaljy poking Eric in tho ribs, 44 but bless you, we know si! about it long beforo yon lofdjis." Theirconvcrsation was here interrupted fry. the presence of two young ladios ano; jlheirCcavaiiera, who bad just completed Uj pest at tennis and were now discussing tho, irighta of victory. J" -Eric, rising, was introduced by Mr ; 3rego»y to flilisa Elwoud and Miss Sea- combe, , who, under tho caro of tho jftfrmor's mother, were now staying at. jnmboora. ' p- As the company sat down to dinner that evening, comprising some thirty guests in number, drawn together from all parts of 'ihe district. Eric's alloted partnor dur ing the ropart was tho latter of these two, young persons, r Mary Scacombe, as slio sat. under thq shade of the rose-colored lamp, binding iher complexion quitu a beautiful tint, bub Which, when seen under tho full glare of kft"lfght, was not quite so faultless, plied, jgnc all manner of questions as toj F ,Sher waskno1-.!? people in Renoral aa the hiHbr.nd-I.unta>?11 Mn/cely ?ould " twenty and twenty-five, but ® flcept a profound secret, and to givo .. re her dne, thanks to the aid of pearl powder and bloom of roses, she did not look much " more than eighteen. She delighted in eccentric coatumeK which ahe bolieved exercised a captivating influence over the masealine mind, and wns known on oc- ,casions nftor a day with the hounds to jbave drunk soda nnd brandy and smoked cigarettes. She llattored herself that aft. billiards', or fnrning a team of four homes pn their own loncch, shu was as good, if mot betfer, thnu tho averago man. Her conversation was generally of tho raciest order which allured one kind of nan and repelled another, r It may be said however, that in excuse for some of Miss Seacumbe's idiosyncrasies pat they were duo moro to ignorance fean from a sense of impropriety. Her > mother had died At an early age, leaving her In the care of a father who in tho exercise of paternal advice was very remiss, allowing ner to have quite hor lOWJ! way, so long as he was not interfered with, , He was dotingly fond of his (daughter, and on this account was very Briind to those faults which to tho casual observer wore so clearly palpable. \ "I've a tip-top fencer now, Mr.j Rymanscourt," ahe began, as sipping her; Scmimpagne she turned her lustrous oyes on Eric, "and am thinking of entering. Brim for tho Squatters' Cup next year." j ''"Indeed. Miss Seacombo — and where didyoa pick him up, and may I ask whore you intend training bin ?" , $"Ah, ha I now Mr. Ryinanscourt, that rfould indeed be telling secrets"— which remark, with a roguish twinkle in her eyes which she know so well how to assume, quite amused Eric. ' "You'll see him all in good, time, and 1T1 take long odds in fivers that he gets a place in any enso." Miss Seacombe hero (££ked at the meringue which she had o» tfe- Qlate« more to pass tho time than be- cause d TeS>y &ny; inclination fos T"1 1st it b.v" "P,ied ,Erii:; " n0"1'n8 mmld plc.iso mo "nufe than toJM yut hone win," «' . t The dinner ha»ir.y dra> a clo»e. tn Iadiej80i.ght tho (lr.wing- roiT.'11- Ronald Gregr.rj- »«. n mail u.'.m now how to entertain wuU. Heing, as wo . ® a bachelor >> the guy order, ho ' delighted to sutruuitd himself with such yoang folk as he had now asked to Tim- Boora, G ' Pcf"HeIp yourself tu clio claret and pass IfcVaWg," he exclaimed every now and Igga'to igmfer of tha.coafa.nywiy 'nufeiit liavo allowed his'glftssto "remain j empty toodong. : 'Erie, now that tho running firo of con-' ver&ation; which his lato companion so earnestly kept up had subsided; tlcanod 1 buok lazily in that solf-contented stato wliichcoinQBtoaporfoctlyhoalthymanaftor dining, ' Opposite him sat a son of ono4of tho4 wealthiest men tin "Riverina, a young e fellow whom it was supposed thatany.girl might havo accoptod had sho had tho' chnuce. Born in .Victoria, had boon' sent to England to pass a . fow years nt Cambridge iind on the continent, arid had' returned what might'bo tormed a polished young man. Hia naino was Dalryinplo, and at one timodt>was thought that his.< ; attentions to Miiriel Groy woro notito14 prove fruitless. Tho public, howovcr,' woro wrong, for Muriel, altlfough' appreciating his many courtesies, could nevor bring horself to care for him any more than as a friond. As Dalrymplo up to tho presont timo had not had a chance of. speaking to Eric, he wished, despite tho fact that tho latter had what is generally termed 44 cut him out," to show that as far as ho was concerned, not tho slightest fooling of ill- \ willoxistcd. ' Dalrymplo'o manly nature and good-; training had taught him to despise alii such mean sontimonts as joalousy, in, viewing tho position of his moro fortunate rival, though not long since ho would: have cut off his right hand had Muriel- bid him do so. All was over now, however, and there was no use in regretting what might have boon. Tossing his cigar-cnso over to Eric ho offarod him one and proposed a stroll outsido ; tho two then wandered on to tho tcnniB ground. Tho hent of tho day had given place to. a calm, cool and starlight night, as they! took their seat away from tho sound of mirthful voices which issued from tlio: open casoment8. , Dnlrymplo'a first words to Eric, as ho pufiod the rice-paper and tobacco, enmo1 naturally and without any tone of insin-! cerity in them. 44 My heartiest con gratulations and good wishes, Ryinans court, nnd believe mc, that although I would havo given all I possessed to be in your placo, I know that you have won tho love and rospect of Miss Grey, whore I have failed. Though rivals wo may havo been, 1 trust that whatever little differences wo may havo had will bo sunk in the past. Your hand, llymanscourt, as a proof that I mean it." Tho words uttorod with such gonuino feeling touched Kric, and as he proffered his honesthnndin rosponso to Dalrymplo's, tho lattor's character rose ah liuttdrod fold In his estimation. After this tho two welded togother in something moro than a mere acquaintance ship, had many things in common, and for a quarter of an hour gavo rein to thoughts of a varied character. When thoy ontored the house and sought tho drawing-room where tho vompany woro assembled listening moro 'out of courtesy than in admiration to tho metallio tones of Miss Seacombo's voico struggling through t%Non I vcr," each took a soat quietly, thinking to himself that whatever olso Miss Seacombo might do, singing was not hor strong point. Later on, however, whon sho was asked to take a cue at pool, sho proved horsolf to havo a remarkably straight oyo as taking their l4livQs" as well as thoir shillings, for what woman is nota gambler at hoart, she won tho admiration of all prosent. As tho men sought the smoking-room to havo a final whiff before retiring to rest, Miss Soacombe's prowess ns a billiard player had become ronownod, 44 Yes, and Egad," said a rubicund- faced old bachelor, 44 what a figure, and what arms — if I wero twonty years younger " Tho remainder of this eulogy on tho somowhat questionable beauty of Miss Scacombe was met with penfe of laughtor from the rest of the compnny who tlnttered the speaker by tolling him that hischanco was as good as ever. When Eric laid his head on the pillow that night, the thoughts of tho next day's doings kept him awake for a timo. Erio had entered himself and his horse for tho ' Squatters' Cup," a race of threo miles over some of the stifie&b; fences that the heart of any sportsman could wish for, His final orders to Tipoo were to i»ll him at sevon In the morning, from iwhich timo there remained but scarce six 'hours. With all the coming excitement of the morrow Erio was soon wrapped in sleep, dreaming of great yawning crevatxes oyer, iwhich ho and his trusty hunter were flying with the utmost unconcern. CHAPTER V. sub squatters' gup. -sJThe day of the Finbourne raco mooting g''iljprod in with all the appear&nco; of Wflt Uo.tmru«r, but after a slight shower or "hici; W-jU5t «nough to la, tho dust, tho sun whioh.'?<1irn lud;-S bo- hind a thiak hank of olouu. J?r' 1 making all bright again. EvoryouS up betimes some were to ride to the courso and others drive. Amongst those who rode were young Dairy mple and Miss Seacombo, the latter attired in a dark green habit, than which, per haps, nothing could have Buitod hor better. Erio, of course, was to drive his team, and groat was the anguish amongst the remaining ladies whon they saw Ida Fordyce assisted on to tho box- seat! - These little attentions, which, perhaps, may scom nothing, are not thought lightly of amongst singlo girls who fanoy them selves Blighted when porhnps, as often 'happens, a married woman usurps what they .rogard as thoir right. In this case, howovor, Erio did nob wish to give of- fonco. He felt himself privileged, being an engaged mau, to choose whom«over ho pleasod, and with that In view clioso the rbost looking to ornament tho front seat of his drag. It could not bo domed either that Mrs. Fordyqp was very sweet to look upon. Sho hiid whon analysed no very groat re deeming features in her face, yet withal, therowasauindescribablobeauty of expres sion which lent a clmrm to her oyes, and a mouth just a thought too largo, per haps; Tho recent showors had drawn a sweet smelling fragrance from the pine and ouc8lypri trees which lined tho track that led to tho course over whioh tho drag and four bowled. Rabbits, these pcatB of tho squatter, scudded across tho road in hundreds, as tho noise of approaching hoofs startled them from thoir ambush.. Cockatoos, magpies, and the irrepressible jackass with its raookiug laugh greetod tho party from tho neighboring clumps of wattle . »ud gum. The morning was just such a ono as makes the heart of man rejoice, and now that the little Fordyco epiiodo had . boon forgotten, the party under Eric's charge was laughing and talking merrily. «f must really lay claim to pmah honor in eing favored with this seat when so. mauy-vgirls are proso.nt, ex- claimedtMHrFprfyoe, in her most wm 4<You must not forget, however,4 answered Eric, " that you are the .right person in tho right plac?. soring that you are acting the pr-t .of cha-' perono." \- At this spocoh an amused littlo smile played round tho cornors of her mouth, knowing that if that term could be ap plied to her in theory, praoticslly hur ch&peronsgo; was a farce. " 44 Talking of chaporons, Mr. Rymnns- court," sho continued, 44 do you b.-liuve the company would behave thcmsolvcs any tho Iosb wore I not present. Is it not in those days, when girls aro allowed so much independence, just a trifle absurd? \We have nob the eyes of Argus to watoh .tluofn overywhoro." ' tr Well, really now, you come to put it in that way," touching up tho ncarsido lonilor, 44 it doos strike mo as boing such,- more especially when tho chap mono in quuHtion rccoives as much, if not more attention, than those undor hor chargo." .At this romark the large black sunshado of Mrs. Fordyco was gently lownrod in order to conceal from Eric the mischievous ! smilo on hor face. ; ; 41 Very neatly put, Mr. Rymana-M court, it wouldn't do to say that such a speech coming from an engaged man is' out of placo. You are & privileged boing; and exercise that right to perfection ; wero you othorwiao I should order you to turn tho horses' heads," Eric know just how much of this last, apparently withering rotort, to bslieve. Hare was the kind of disposition that he! fancied ho could fathom so OABfly. To' put hor out of temnor was impossible, so; wh&tovor; olso pooplo might havo said: about tho pretty Mrs. Fordycc, this At least, could not bo laid to hor "chargo. Her husband who was sooted at the! back of the vehicle, poring over a race card, was in hor oyes of as littlo import- anco as tho loaves which strowed tho; track ahead of them. She had niado a? bad marri&go;, and moro sensible than: most of her box, was aware of it. But' nevor did sho by a ghost of a chance ap pear so beforo the world as anything but thi happiest of mortals. She looked! upon an display ot tempor, whuu her hus band did something to oxasporato hor, as the worst of form, only suitable as sho /would say, for cooks and servant girls. Scones of all' descriptions wero her positive aversion, and she avoided them. ;Sho was without ohildron, and rathor congratulated herself upon tho fact, be lieving as sho did that if thoro had boon any thoy would most cortainly havo takon after thoir father. Whatever faults Mrs. Fordyco now possessed woro duo to tho rosult of this unhappy alliance. Hor marriago, liko many anothor, had started undor tho most favorable auspices, only ,to grow as timo woro on, uttoriy intoler able. That trust whioh she had so im/ plicitly placed in her husband had booh ruthlosaly betrayed. All hor proud nature revolted at tho treatment she had received from her partner, and unablo to show proof of his basement, was content to suffer in silence. 44 What about your chance of winning to-day, Mr. Rynmnacourt?" sho exclaimod, as scarcoly moro than two or threo miles separated thorn from tho courso. 44 Ah, that is moro than I can say, but U training can do anything and 44Tear-' away" doesn't show temper at tho post I'll be bound to say we'll mako a good raco of it." 44 Why are all these exoiting pleasures reservod for men," continued Mrs. For dyco, 44 whilst wo poor mortals itching for something of the kind can only look on. It makes mo far more nervous to watch a stooploohase than if I really rodo in it." 44 Corao, now, Mrs. Fordyce, plucky as you are, no one would care to see you risking your Hfo in that fashion. Imagino your head not perhaps an eighth of an inch off struggling hoofs. It raakos ono shudder to think of it." Mrs. Fordyce had novor regarded tho situation from this point of view. 44 Well, I can assure you thoro will bo no pleasure for me to-day until the Cup is over. My heart will be in my mouth at ovary jump your horse comes to." This l&at; was said with almost a pathotio tone in hor voico, to which Eric, not un- flattored by tho remark, replied : 44 Nonsense, it will be tho most glorious fun out, and remember from your hands and no other will I tako tho ribbou of honor if my horso wins," \ Mrs. Fordyco would havo wished for nothing hotter than to havo boon ablo to crown Erio Rymansoourt with vic tory's reward. In many ways and by cqbuaI little speeohes let drop, sho had shown her cards to this astuce young man, who now rattled on to tho courso in tho midst of a varied assortment of people who had flocked to the Finbourne mooting. In front of what was generally known as the 44 Grand-stand " tho "Knr&too-; niah drag and its living freight oame to a hale. Had tho day been made to order, nono bettor could havo boon provided. Tho course was alive with life. . Bookmakers, loud-tongued, and ar rayed in garments of wondorful and fear ful moke, shouted the odds in onu's ears. Grotesque negro minstrels wandered about from carriage to carriage, going through the' usual buffoonery. Aunt iSallies, throo-oard triok men, thimble- riggers, and tho thousand and one honest and dishonest distractions of a raco- course wero hero in abundance. Within tho saddling paddock, where Eric, accompanied by Ronald Gregory and othors of the party woro, walked tho horses, swathed from head to foot in warm rugs. Jookoys and trainers stood about in knots here and there, deep in consultation as to the likelihood of the patient training bestowed on their re spective horses at length resulting in Around a dark iron-grey hunter, clad from head to foot in a thick navy blue rug with tho initials 44 E.R." worked in tho corners, stood Eric, Dalrymplo and others. 41 Strip him," said the former to tho stable-boy, whose arms woro nearly pulled out of thoir sockets from the con stant habit which Tearaway had of throwing his head up. Presently was revealed to thoir gaze tho satin-ltko coat of the groy, whoso veins, standing out liko thick cords, and bold oyeB, clear as crystal, denoted this Sioture of equino grace and strength to o in tho pink of condition. 44 What do you think of him V en quired Erio of Rone.ld. 44 Couldn't be better,4' remarked tbo latter, whoso judgment in matters of horse-flosh was rauoh respected. 44 How about that off fore-leg, looks to me u trifle puffy- Has ho had bandages on V enquired the manager of Timboora, walking up to examine the limb moro closely; 44 You've a sharp oyo indeed, Mr. Gregory," answurcd Erie. 44 That is tho only queer- looking point about him ; thorc is nothing really wrong, however. I've hunted him twico a fortnight regu larly with tho Melbourno hounds without his showing tho slightest sign of .weak- ( .J 