WORRIES OF A TR1IN PATOHEE. " DIS- It was the train-dupatcbar'r tnrii to tell a story and this wa* the one he told: •;[ was Working on a western road in 1880, and I had a long night triok. Tie seotion of road over which I worked, was a "big o'ne a It was a single- traisk read and, as tragi3 was very heavy, it kept iue busy all the time. • O jie week-in February there was a very heavy.fall of 'snow and the' trains all got bel.iod. I was at my wit's'end and one 6n» night—it was Wednesday, February 16, I wUl never forget that d&te;—I was trying to handle a heavy eaatbonnd passenger and a westbound pass e nger that was fully as heavy. Theeastbonnd train was&ivay; behind, and the westbound train hud started out on lime. I gave the engineer of the westbound train an order to run to a certain Station, and when I got a report from the eaatbonnd train I ordered that, 'engineer to go to a certain station and run on a sliding to alow the other train to pass. I was busy .with a oouple of freights at the time, and when I got through and had time to think it flashed upon me that I had given what we osil a lap order. That is, the two trains woald have to pass each other on the same track if my instructions were carried out. I'don't suppose that I would have feit ab bad if I had Juovn that I was going to be killed .that minute. The room swam before my eyes ond I nearly fainted from fright. I took a big drink of water and wired the nearest stations. Both r« ported that the tr ins had left all right. There was a stretch of track fifteen miles 1 long between the stations, find I sat there kuowiuz that somewhere on • that fifteen miles those two trains would go together audi would be the oause of the death of perhaps a score of persons. . 'That was the most awful five minutes ,1 ever expect to pasa through. I tried to think and I oouldn't; My first impulse was to run away, I grabbed up my coat and hat and was aboat to go. Then I decided that I would stay and take the consequences. I sat down by my desk and •thred at the clock. Every time the telegraph instrument clicked I thought it was bringing tidinge of a fearful wtec/k. I pictured to myself the scenes when the two trainB crashed together, as I knew they must, for there was no way to reach them, and every minute seemed like aa eternity. I wes pale as a ghost, and had not the strength to handle the key. Great drops of sweat rolled off my forehead. I lived a oentury at that detk during that "half hour. ' Two or three times the impulse to ran away came overate, but I fought it back. Then I began to think of killing myself. I did not think I could live and know that I had made a blunder with suoh disastrous consequences. I looked around for a pistol but there was none there. 11 even picked up my .paper cutter and put it to my throat. My nerve was gone., however, and I did not prey6d that 80^eoue would come in and kill me. but nobody came. I couldn't sit in my chair, and orouohed down in a heap on the floor and held my haitds over my ears ao. that I might not hear the terrible tidings that sooner or later, I knew woaldcome over that wire. I was huddled thers I heard the operator at the staticn from whioh I sent the eastbound train calling me. 'Ga'wae his call, and he rspeated it about a dozen timts. ' Here it comes,' I thought, and, by supreme effort, I got over to the deiBfc and tried to answer-the miin- who was calling. It- took-me five minutes to get sufficient control of my nerves-to- answer the call: Then I sank baok in my ohair and waited to hear the news Of depth and detraction. No. 12,' he wired, meaning the eastbound train, 4 is booking into the station. What's up - ?' * It seeteed aa if Pike's P«ak had been lifted oft my chest: I jumped np and shouted like a crasy man. It happened that tbe trains were running alow, and'had come across each other on a straight pieoe of track, had seen eaoh other and had had time to stop before running into eaoh •! other. I wag given a 30-day lay-off for the ' blunder, bnt I didn't kiok. It took me all of' that time to get my nervea straightened out. '—J. lyne-. 