can anybody tell us? Who sot fire to the Rodney P Who will ride Paris in the Caulfield Cup ? Where a medium's legs go to when her j spirits risoP Whether Seoul in Japan is only a mis- print for Shcol ? Whether legal refreshers liavo not met a j long-felt "Want?" j Whethor ghost grab is tho newest fashionable gtirao ? Whether wig-making is a profitable industry in spirit-land ? Who is to bo the next crack cricketer bowled first ball ? ; Whore are the Sydney patrons of j Shakespearean drama ? How long other legislation will liavo to j wait for the Land Bill ? Whether members of Parliament are 1 competent military critics. ; ' Of a greater nuwnnco than people who pester ns with Cup dreams ? Whethor The Possible will play Havoc with the Cup field to-day. -Why ondnquesb should notbo held. in. all > 'cases of sudden death P / Whethor N.S.W. M's:P. are. nob better at " : : tho jawbono than tho rifle ? If a rank outsider will win tho Mel bourne Cup again thiB year ? Why the general election should cost the " country .£104 per member ? Whether N.S.W. .gets mn ch mint sauco from the coining oporationB P Whether Premier Raid could produce a ' dissolution in caso of emergency ? Why Sydney should not be generally illuminated by eTectric light P \- What bocamo of tho -depression daring tho holding of tho theatrical carnival ? When the men for practice aro going to ) bo chosen by onr crickot selectors ? How long tbe Pyrraonb bridgo is likoly to yield fees to the Works Coinmittoe ? Whether tea, sold on Christian principles, has a superior flavor to nngodly Pekoe ? > Whether the N.S.W. Cricket Association is going to back down on Monday night ? Wh'ethor the Bird readers have got tho ' | .£50 Cap double among them — or missed it P ' Why free laborers should not bare the right to use firearms in defence of their lives ? Whether tho. number of new Pyrmonfc : bridge schemes ha3 yot topped the cen tury? Why tho wholesale destruction of wild . flowers for Bhow purposes Bhould be per-, "xnittedP Whether the exportation of Australian a eggs to England donotos a coming general a election there P Of any moro successful function than, the recent carnival in aid of onr distressed mummers P j-. If it is not appropriate that political railways anthorised by asses should be worked by horses ? ; Whether Ruenalf will ."sweep" tho. board to-day, as be did in tho Spring,. StakeB, or bido a' wee ? v,-' What the Kensington Club think about postponing on Thursday in favor of the theatrical benofit P , Tho difference between preaching the Gospel to overy creature and every creature preaching the Gospel P Whether ..members of Parliament think their personal comfort concerned in the construction .of a new Lunatic Asylum P Of any hotter mako3-up than those by a few well-known and popular actors in the : Carnival football match—" P'rinstance," . that of Gewrgo Lauri ? Of threo smarter and hotter-looking young ladies than tho trio who " inter viewed" membors of the Cricket Ground on their arrival ofl Thursday last ? : ' 