COLOB EFFfiOTS..^ Some curious (Sects are Bimply produ~ in this way :—In the top of a box have circular window, g'axed with three sect 1 of red, green, and. violet glass, so pr tioned tbat the resultant light prod" from the three is white. Place a flat opaqi ring a short distance above the white bottoi of the box, and the eye may be dazzled the gorgeous display of prismatic colon; the bottom. This frill be covered with: varied and brilliant hoes, caused by penumbra of the cpaque body being lig" with different colors on the different When the red and gretn sides overlap, brilliant yellow is prpduced; when " green and the violet overlap are the bin and the red and the violet gives tbe pv while in the centra, when all the circles overlap, white is produced, experiments, which test the theory of three primary color ligbt* in a practical • simple way, explain why there is so lit appearance of colored light in Eome cs ~ drals, though the windows are hcav stained; though the sun blaze* thro? brilliantly colored glass, yet there iB oo visible the characteristic "dim reli w light." Any two colored lights which wh mixed produce whita^ light are tern « complementary." All are fiuujliar the changing color of printed names the eyes open and shut, or when fixii steadily on the name and transferred ga& denly to a white surface. One has too < to amuse himself in this manner-at an way station waiting for a train. HQ looks os the yellow letters with an indigo-blni enamel surrounding which tell of at remarkable soap or cocm; he lifts his eyfl to a grey sky, and then he sees blue lettn on a yellow enamel. If the blind on a bedroom window be white, and tbe light sot very bright, and if the observer looks steadily at a black object on the table, o* closing his eyes again he will see the exact form of the object quite white—not a bad; way of accounting for ghosts. THE DEPBESSIOX AND THE WAX OUT.— "Buy in the cheapest market" is \ enough if what yo|$uy Is really cheap, and onthing is really c&e;&p; jf it is not nseful tt well. " Cheap and/tturtjy " is a very old and true proverb. In-f^mes of depression the prices of all products 'are reduced to enable the purchaser, who has less money to spend,: to get as much for it as possible. It is s- paipablc swindle when you see prices advertised BELOW COST, or fees quoted that when you go to buy you are told there is some* thing special, and are charged three or fool times as much as the advertised price. The following is a list of genuine reductions in price. By the tooth all artificial teeth will be of three grades—GOOD, BEST, aud EXTBA —at the rate of 5s, 7s 6d, and 10s each tooth No OTHEB PBICES. A FULL SET (upper 01 lower), etrongly made, perfect fit, and natn ral appearance, guaranteed equal to any at double the price in the City, for £2. Laagh ing GaB, the most perfect method of painlese extraction, reduced to 5s. Priinlwn extrac : tion with Cocaine, 2s 6d. Decayed teetk filled and guaranteed to last perfect for years, 5s and 7i 6d per tooth. Note:—Anj aching tooth can be cured and filled, ani very often a mere shell can be built up and made useful for many years. N.B.—Artifi cial teeth inserted over stumps if desired i TEETH WITHOUT PLATES. Note address- Richmond Dental Chambers, 148 Bridge road, near Lennox-street, Richmond. G B. TUBNEB, B.D.S., Proprietor. " You think my boy is bound to make his mark?" Teacher—" I am afraid so. It seems impossible for him to learn to write." He—" And what would you do if I kissed youf" She (with dignity)—" I'd call mamma." (After a pause). " But mamma's out thia evening." Ethel—" Do you allow Charles to kiss you when you are not yet engaged t» him?" Maud—"It isn't an allowance. He calls it a perquisite." " Is Jenks in the swim nowadays t" "Guess he must be. Sis best girlkftS jut thrown him overheard" 