LATEST TELEGRAPHIC. I Lismore, Friday night. ÍLABGE number were present at the Masonic [Icnic on Wednesday. ' The track on the racecourse is,, in a, bad (ondition, but some work is now being'done to improve it. The Depm tment of Agriculture is sending (OP exhibits from this district'for the Tas- manian exhibition. John Bowers has been committed for trial for forging and uttering a cheque in' the name of Walter Kempnish for £0. The forgery was so cleverly executed that the :hequo was paid by, the Commercial Bank. Accused is a saddler, and well- known on the Clarence. |There was a thunderstorm to-day. , Sydney, Thursday. lu, F. B. Suttor arrived at Adelaide yester ay. He said that he was but moderately npressed with the benefits likely to result ram the Federal Conference, and wos in ltned to think that the advantages as far as rade was concerned would be limited. The inference had certainly developed fraternal dations betvveen the scattered parts of the ampire through representatives. Many of the [uestlons discussed were merely theoretical ; he practical ones,were somewhat removed rom the prospect of immediate realisation. The Minister for Lands, replying to a depu Ilion which urged the establishment of a illago Settlement near Newcastle, said that «re was a possibility of a large public work fing undertaken in the interior, in the shape I a cannl, to reclaim about 200,000 acres of ind, This would give employment to a tige number of men. He admitted that no overnment could afford to see its people in ¡stress and at the point of starvation. He as not going to enter into a discussion as )how far the people bad brought this upon lemselves. He was quite satisfied that if ore forbearance had been shown between aployes and employers, this country would ¿more happy. Village settlement, accord Ipfco his judgment, was not likely to per anently forward the happiness of the ¡opie, and was merely a temporary harbor ' haven during the time of distress. He Sieved that if the Land Bill passed into iv it would give employment to a large imber of men, and do a great deal towards eviating distress. Members representing the Eastern Division 3t again at Parliament House yesterday, len a long discussion took place over the oposed amendments to the Land Bill, dur Ï which it was stated that the measure was nost useless so far as the selectors now on e soil were concerned, particularly those the Eastern Division. It was resolved it a deputation should >wait upon the nister, and ask him to embody the follow f provisions :-Extension of time for pay nts on conditional purchases in special as, etc. ; that for the future, alienation tild be by classification of lands ; that no ve/}' fees or no interest should be charged ; t selectors should be allowed to make up maximum area anywhere within a radius ,r I of ten miles from their original holding ; that all future resumptions for roads through selections should be paid for ; that the mini ' mum price of special leases be £1, instead of £10 ; that there should be no maximum or Bsinimum price on classified lands. The " Sugar Journal" attributes the cane disease in the Bundaberg district to unfavour- able weather acting upon cane which was physically unsound. It further says farmers must find remedies, though the mills will be the immediate losers. It estimates the total yield of sugar for the colony will be reduced to 00,000 tons, which is the highest figure probable. In sentencing the Weilmoringle rioters at Dubbo yesterday, Mr. Justice Innes said the question at issue was-were we to live under the civilised system of the law of liberty, or under a barbarous system of anarchy, terror- ism and brute force. The law must be vindi- cated, and order maintained. A statement has been persistently circu- lated recently to the effect that the Govern- ment bad no intention of bringing in any Tariff amendment proposals during the pre- sent session. Mr. Reid was interviewed on the subject, and said the clause in the Governor's Speech which promised that the subject of re-casting the fiscal policy of the country should be brought before Parlia- ment, was not an unmeaning one, and that new fiscal proposals would be submitted in due time. A fire occurred yesterday in the forecastle of the Union Steamship Company's steamer Mararoa, lying in dock at Port Chalmers. The foreman of a fire brigade who, with others, were in the forecastle, endeavouring to extinguish the fire, was brought on deck in an unconscious condition, and died soon afterwards. There is a suspicion of incen- diarism. '' Alexander Brodie, a member of the orches- tra at the Lyceum Theatre, dropped dead last night during the performance. Sydney, Friday. IN sugar, a fair business is passing for trade requirements at current rates ; for a parcel (an off white), £2010s was paid, second white £21 10s. The O. 8. R. Co. notify they have reduced their tariff by £1 per ton all round. \- Upon taking his seat in the Divorce Court yesterday, Sir William Windeyer paid an eloquent tribute to the distinguished services rendered by the late Sir Alfred Stephen. He said, as a Law Reformer his name would bet ever revered by that portion of suffering womanhood that too often realised the inhumanity of men to women, and who found in the Divorce Court that relief from their misery which his noble and untiring exertions in the Legislature, after five years of struggle, at last obtained for them. The Attorney-General (on behalf of the Bar) said that he desired to reciprocate the sentiments which His Honor had so well and feelingly expressed. A deputation, representing the milling and farming Interests of the colony, waited upon the Colonial Treasurer, and asked that if the duties on wheat and flour were to be remit- ted, fair notice should be given, as otherwise vested interests of a large character, which had grown up under the duties, would suffer a great loss. Mr. Reid said that reaping did not begin until December, and as he proposed to deliver his financial statement on the 7th of next month, it seemed to him that if he then declared the intentions of the Govern- ment, the difficulty brought up by the depu- tation would be met. At Broken Hill Circuit Court, in the case of the eight men convicted with having committed a riot at Grassmere Station, Mr. Justice Stephen referred to the action of one of the free labourers in defending himself with firearms, and said that if the free labourers were resolved to resist outrage with courage and determination, the Union men would hesitate before going on with tyrannical and murdering expeditions. He added that non-unionists had a perfect right to arm themselves, and if properly organised and prepared for defence, they would not be driven like sheep before Unionists. A Moss Vale farmer, who had drawn £179 from the bank for a trip to England, was victimised by Sydney sharpers. The' theatrical carnival on the cricket ground yesterday, for the relief of aged and needy actors and actresses, drew an immense gathering, and over £1200 was realised. Madam Wallace and Twiss were com- mitted for trial in connection with the fortune-telling prosecution. Several members of the Würz family, and others associated with them, have been com- mitted for i trial in connection with the recent burglaties. At the Newcastle Eight-hour demonstra- tion yesterday, under 200 took part in the procession. , > i ( , ( , Further evidence was taken yesterday in the bankrupt estate of J. T. Rush. No fresh facts were elicited, and the examination was adjourned to 22nd instant. Sydney, Friday night. MB. F. B. SUTTOR returned to Sydney to-day. He looks remarkably well. ! ' 22 alleged rioters were arraigned at Broken Hill court to-day, when 09 jurors were challenged by accused, and 41 by the Crown. The panel was almost exhausted. , The Cabinet sat several hours to-day, con- sidering the cases of the " bank " prisoners. It was decided to make a recommendation in the cases of Hadfield and Low, who were convicted at Newcastle. With reference to the,cases of Abigail and M'Namarra, full consideration has been given, but in view of the very strongly adverse report of Mr. Justice Windeyer, it was decided that the Cabinet could not deal with those at present. It is believed that Hadfield and Low will be released at an early date. An express train, which passed Bowral heavily laden with wool, left the line near Bowral ; bales of wool and wreckage were strewn about in confusion. Sheep are firm : wethers 4s to 8s Od. Cattle a shade weaker, bullocks £315s to £5 10s. J. R, Guilty, night railway station master at Thirlmere, has been arrested on an alleged charge of illicit distillation. A complete plant, with spirits, was found. A telegram from Milpariuko states that a 33oz. nugget has been found three miles from Gualta station. Recent discovery has gone far to dissipate the spiritualistic mania under which a certain section of Sydney has been lately laboring. Two gentlemen responsible for its exposure, and have made a statutory declaration, which has' been verified by other eye wit- nesses. It appears the two sceptics in ques- tion, who had previously attended several seances, made an attempt to seize "the ghost," and succeeded. The medium, who was not in a trance, was discovered behind a curtain, and had on a black mask, white drapery round its head, and was barefooted. A meeting of those concerned was subse- quently held. The medium wants more seances under certain conditions, but the investigators want no more, being convinced that the whole affair is a humbug. To-day's papers contain a full account of the whole affair, together with interviews with the principal actors. The extraordinary revela tions have done much to discount, if not altogether dispel, Mrs Bes.int's doctrines. The annual festival of the Sydney Dio- cesan Church Choir Association was held last night at St. Andrew's Cathedral. The ser- mon was preached by the Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, who said the time had never been when the Christian Church was dis- associated from music. It was from no con- ventional prejudice that he regretted the substitution of much sentimentalism for the old hymns. If they were asked why the Christian Church used music in her gather- ings, they could say that it was to render worship agreeable in at least one sense. Religion was never intended to make men dull ; worship was a right and reverent atti- tude of the soul towards God. melbourne, Thursday. To a deputation of unemployed, which waited upon him yesterday, the Premier said that be was doing all he could to start public works ; but under no circumstances would he allow himself to be influenced by demonstrations such as the unemployed were making. Arrangements have been made between the boards of the Colonial Sugar Refining Co. and the Australasian Sugar Refining Co. for the amalgamation of the two concerns. Formal steps for the completion of the scheme are now being taken by the share- holders of the Australasian Co., to acquire an interest in the amalgamation concern, which will be conducted by the C.S.R. Co. Melbourne, Friday. THE betting market to-day is dull. Bruin advanced to 8 to 1 for the Cup, with an upward tendency. Lady Trenton is in good request at 10 to 1. Brilliant, Paris and Havoc remain at 12 to 1, Straightfire, 14 to 1, Theodore 16 to 1, Capstan 20 to 1, Elswick 25 to 1, Fortunatus and Tim Swlveller 100 to 3, Ruenalf 100 to 5, Possible and Chesterman 100 to 4, Solanum, Isaac, Strahan 100 to 3, any price others. The Melbourne Leader tips Ruenalf or Brilliant for the Cup. The Australasian gives Brilliant, Straightfire or Lady Trenton. At a meeting of the Marine Board, called specially to consider what steps be taken with regard to an inquiry into ,the wreck of the Rodondo, it was decided to lay a charge of unskilful navigation against the captain and second mate. The Minister for Railways asserts that owing to the cut-throat competition between the colonies, the Australian railways are not paying full interest on the cost of con- struction. ' Joseph Symes, the well-known free-thought lecturer, has been committed for trial at Melbourne for publishing a malicious criminal libel on Edward Ripper. Symes' wife was brought into insolvency, it was alleged, through pressure by Ripper. Symes, in the Liberator, referred to Ripper as "Jack the Ripper." 