OUR GHOST FRIGHT. BY ERLLLTE. "WE were sitting round a blazing fire one winter's evening in the country, while the rain poured down in tor- rents. There were five of us, Jack and Bob, my brothers Edie and Mick Morgan, friends who were visit- ing us; and me. Matilda Orwell I believe is my established name, but among my colleagues and intimates I am known as "Matt"-except by father, who always pronounces my name with great gusto " Ma-til-da!" and much accent on the second syl- lable, as if to show his disapproval of nicknames. Jack and Mick had been telling ghost stories so thrilling;thnt our feelings were worked to an excit- able pitch, and we almost felt the phantoms in our presence. We girls were beginning to furtively move our chairs closer to our companions; and giving uneasy looks over our shoulders, according tb the custom bf girls. V«Why, I declare Matt's afraid" burst forth Bob.. ¡ " No, that I'm not," I reply, in my most valiant tone. I was not going to admit that I felt at all creepy. . Father is in his own special arm- chair, apparently, engrossed in the Parliamentary news. Now it is á strange thing>about father. To look at him one would think him so inter- ested in his reading that not a' word of the .babble around him was heard, andi yet I believe "not a syllable es- capes his observation, and besides he has a most. uncomfortable manner of suddenly breaking into oui" chat- ter, to confirm or correct some state- ment which he was not supposed to heal*. This particular evening at Bob's remark-lie looks up, and says, "Now, John, I think you have told enough nonsense. Try and talk about something that will improve your mind." ! ; j We telegraph one to another. How often will papa make that statement ? We are becoming hardened to the words. Gentle mother sits in? her corner knitting, and every now and then a sympathetic smile flickers over her face, as a,morry-peal of laughter breaks from our midst. Not having anything sensible to converse about, or rather,, not ^feeling inclined to introduce a sensible topic'(and if we did where would be the use ? Bob and Mick would be sure to say something irrelevant that would scatter our sober talk to the winds), we fall to making pictures '"in the glowing coasts. Jack is in the midst of a graphic description of his fancy pic- ture, an old, wo man toasting bread at ti candle, and we aro all eagerly ex- claiming," Where ?" " I can't see it,"' " Show us, Jack," when-hark ! what .is' that ?; A' long roaring noise, ending in a not untuneful, yet very remark- able yell, lt was not like any sound we had ,ever heard* before or im- agined. We all looked at each other. Ere anyone had spoken it came again. No man or animal had ever begun with, a basso groan and.ended with a soprano yell of that kind before. No one could do it. The second out- burst gives us the opportunity to take note of the sound care- fully, and we don't like it. I feel ray face blanching, and I am dreadfully afraid of my tear being remarked by Bob, who says "ghost" in sepulchral tones. That is the worst of Bob ; he never will be sympathetic. Father, rustles his paper uneasily, mother pauses in her knitting, we. listen in- tently, and again the night utters that awful sound. ' . i " You boys had better have a look round, and soe what the cause is" said papa. i i . f' They rise to go, and reach the door ; then Jack says mischievously, " Won't you come too, sir ?" It is plainly to be seen: that our worthy parent is nervous,, not to mention scared. After à'little demur,*lie rises, and they all sally fortty papa ar med with a poker. Nothing can they discover, for' the . sound; ceases'when thoy go forth 'with' the lantern; So they return, and many speculations take place as to the cause, Bob persisting that it is a " ghost." . ¿; . . , "Tut, tut, father breaks forth; let's have no more nonsense, the girl won't be able to sleep to-" .. :i Again tho sound breaks forth, stopí ping the master of the house in the midst of his speech. Wo look at one another ; then the boys lot go the j dogs. "Fetch him out, old man,'', " Speak up,", and various expressions of encouragement aro used, leading to plenty ,! of. animals barking; and yelping, but nought else. The search proves fruitless and' they came in. Wo prolong tho sitting for an houri not daring to .seek' our rest, but as nothing more is heard we, at length venture to our bedrooms. Edie Morgan and I search pura Wo peer under the bed, hunt in the wardrobe, in every corner; we even scan tho chimney., ' '] Everything is calm and peaceful so after barring''thcii windows and doors we go to bed. We lie awake straining our ears, but: no sound disturbs the tranquil night, so I; sup? pose wo. drop off to sleep unknown to, ourselves. Next day we explore the whole premises, and nothing can wo discover. " The ghost " is the whole theme of our conversation, and numerous stories are told of similar occurrences until we thoroughly believe that we have discovered a real ghost, and feel quite pleased with ourselves. Evening comes on, and Edie and I go round the house with the house- maid, securely fastening all doors and windows, and preparing weap- ons of defence in anticipation of a second visit. "We joke upon "the ghost," en- deavouring to hide our natural fears. Father, we observe, has loaded his gun. He says he intends to do a little duck- shooting to-morrowf We say nothing ; but long after does this remain our greatest stock joke. A cold frosty night came on. We passed the evening in various indoor games-father, as usual, deep in his paper-each one. on the qui vice for the ghost's wail. However, not a sound came, so, at eleven o'clock -a general move was made,'with many jokes upon the spectre. Bob was facetiously proposing, " Health to thé Ghost." when, lo ! a deep drawn out groan, ending in a long whistling note, set us all trembling. Wegaze at one another open- mouthed. What cari it be? ; ' I '. We must certainly find out what this disturbance is caused by. Come, boys," says papa. " Let us go too," Edie and I both exclaim,, thinking it better tobe in the fray than sitting inside in sus- pense. "No, certainly not; stay hore," papa' says. . ' #. "Girls only get in the way," Mick remarks. We are both determined togo, so we'arm ourselves and prepai'e'to fol- low. The .maids have left their quarters, and we find them at the drawing-room door with scared faces, so we leave them with mother, who is slightly deaf, and therefore has not been greatly disturbed. Father takes the lead with a pitch- fork and ¡lantern. Edie and I keep close to ! the boys, who carry various imple I ments. As we near the stable, the sound bursts forth. 1 wish myself in i the . drawing-room. ? My bravery is fleeing fast, but. I am afraid to go in alone, and will not for worlds ask to be taken back. ' We pause and listen for, ten minutes-no sound. All is still save the munching of the stable fed horses ; Bob and Mick enter and examine all steeds and mangers. The horses calmly lift their heads and stare, wondering, no doubt, what this ' visit portends. Evidently the ghost does not affect their nerves or appetites. At one end of the stable, between it and a large gum-tree, there is a quantity of sawn timber stacked. So we turn the corner ; the air is bitterly cold, and I am longing for the warmth of the lire. Father is talking away, and declaring he thinks that the boys are playing some practical joke, when just a few yards in front pf us bursts forth a most i awful groan, and there looms up a huge white ' and black mass. Father in his excitement-not to mention fright-drives at it with the pitchfork. ! Are the fiends from Hades let loose,? For ono .awful moment I truly" thought it whs so. With a hideous yell, most; unearthly to hear, our foo leaps up. Terror louds wings to our feet. We are oil:', each one for himself. Edie and I found ourselves in the pigsty ; how we got there I do not know. Tile boys I learnt after- wards' leapt , over tho stable door,, and father, what became ót him? you ask. We never knew the rights of tho talc, but among ourselves we conjecture that ho hid in an iron tank, three-parts full bf water. When the field was clear he appeared among us in .draggled, soaking clothes. We dared not.saya : word,; wroth and chagrin > gleamed too. forcibly from1 his countenance ;' and besides, pur hight adventure .had somewhat cooled our spirits. .," V. , Ourghost proved, to be noné other than , the; newly-imported : Ayrshire bull which father had bought a week Erevióusly. With Edie's cloak on is horns he broke out of the yard, and away through the paddocks for miles, the',wpunagiyèn-;him with the pitchfork spurring him onwards. And now tb explain.the mysterious' sounds. The bull had chosen* as his nighty quarters tho shelter . behind the timber, and against it stood; à rack of empty bottles with their open necks all directed ono way. The bull ; lay with " his nose facing the bottles, ^which '.acted liko ; a; .set i.of organ- pipes, magnifying the sound, and giving it : tne unearthly tone which so affrighted tis. We proved it for ourselves afterwards/ ^ But bulls and sounds are a forbid- den subject when father is' present. The bull still lives, but he has only one ieye;;the other was poked 'out with, the/prong of that fork.-The Australasian. . 