The Doom of the Star Gazar. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] BY DICK DON[?]AN. It is a good many years since the case I am about to record caused se[?] in London that has scarcely been equalled [?]le People who can no longer be considered middle aged will to doubt remember it well, bnt to the generation that has sprang up since then it will be fresh and, as 1 veuture to think, not without consider able interest. Not only did the position of the parties con cerned in the matter raise it above the level of commonplace, bat all the elements of the tragio drama Were replete with the mystery, sensa tionalism, and even weirdncss, so beloved of the general public It was one of the early cases I was cnllod upon to investigate. 1 was a young man at tlie time, and fail of zeal and enthnsiiisiu. I had but a short time previously contributed to one of the leading maguzines an article under the heading of ' The Rationale of the Detective's Art.' I was modest enoagh to withhold my name from that article, and 1 blushed one morning to find that the views 1 had anonymously expressed had brought mo a certain ninount of fame. There was a concensusof opinion amongst the reviewers that my paper was fall of' sound logical reading, and evidently the emanation of a mind capabio of working out the theory of detection with some thing Tike the precision of a mathematical problem.' This, of course, was high praise, but it was some what qualified by the statement that while in theory my lino of argument as to how crime should be detected was ad mi ruble it was hardly capable of being practically worked out. This somewhat put me on my* mettle, becauso I had aimed at demonstrating that most people who attempted to unravel mysteries failed for the simple reason that they did not give suffic cnt attention to the * minutiaI '— if I may bo express it —of a case ; and they were unwilling to recognUe what 1 had humMy ventured to enforce as an epothe^m, that 'the seemingly impossible in all my&tci;'ies is often the most highly probable.' I hud always been fond of looking upon this as a sort of Uoldou Trxt that no detective could afford to ignore. But, as a matter of fact, it was almost unverßally ignored, save by those men who with inborn artistic feeling elevated the detective's calling to a fine art. Now when the case, which forms the subject of my story, occurred it afforded mo the very opportunity wished for. which was to give practical illustration of the theory I had set forth iv ' The Rationale of the Detective's Art.' I need scarcely say, perhaps, that, a little more than a quarter of a century ago Hammersmith, now a teeming and populous neighbourhood, was a wilderness of market gwdena and waste land. It still retained some aspects of a rural district, and thero were even streams of water, whore watercress could be gathered. Such houses as existed were, with some exceptions, for the most part old-iaahioned residences, and one at least hud been in existence sinco tho first half of the seventeenth century. Who had originally built it, who had been its tenants, and what'it had been called previous to the time that lam deat.ng with, 1 know not; but when 1 became acquainted with it it was known a» ' The Observatory,' and it had long been in the occupation of a retired military officer named Arthur Patchford Hulton, generally referred to in the. neighbourhood as Colonel Hulton. He had seen considerable service in the Crimea, dur ng which he had been twice severely wounded, and in consequenoe was compelled to quit the service. Ho retired on a good pension, which, together with some private means, placed him in very comfortable circuniuUnoeu. He had two houbies, gardoning and astronomy, in both of which, as an amateur, he excelled. He had purchased the house I allude to at Hammersmith, as it afforded him the opportunity of indulging in both of his favourite pursuits. The house stood in a little more than an acre of ground, which was laid out with great taste and judgment; and the colonel was proud of his garden, aB, indeed, he had evory reason to be. At the top of the house he had fitted up a small observatory, where he olten spent many hours of the night when the sky and atmosphere wore favourable for astronomical observations. I shall have occasion to speak more in detail of this observatory later on. In order to afld interest to what follows, and make it more intelligible, I must give a few particulars of the colonel's domestic affairs as they ex.sted at the time I was called upon to investi gate his tragic fate. lie had been married ft great many year<>, but his wife did not live with him. Not that there was any serious disagreement between them, so ( far as I. ever gathered; but it appeared that the lady did not liKe the seclusion of, as sue termed it, ' the outlandish neighbour hood of Hammersmith,' and so she elected to reside in the heart of the metropolis, and occupied a house in Russell-square. There she resided with two grown-up sons and a daughter. The colonel's favourite daughter was Lydia, and she spent the greater part of her time with him at ' The Observatory.' His household then consisted of Lydia, who was about 20 years of age; a housekeeper, a middle- aged woman named Anna Starkie; a servant of ull work, and a parlourmaid; and Mr*.- BUrkie's husband, John, who helped his master in the garden, and looked after his horse. The colonel was an unostentatious man, but was fond of comfort, and not averse even to a little luxury. He had a strong dislike, however, to any great exertion. Beyond his gardening the only recreation he allowed himself was horse riding, and even that he limited to about an hour m day. Of company he kept very little. He had two or three old cronies in the district, and occasionally they dropped in for a chat, n pipe, and a glass. As may be inferred from what lias been said, tho colonel was necessarily a methodical man. He did everything in a systematic way. He rose at a fixed hour, spout a fixed time at his breakfast, and in reading his correspondence and papers, and then he sallied forth into his garden at a stated time, and at the same hour every day took his ride, whilo the greater part of each evening was spent in his tower, where he had mounted an excellent telescope. When once he had gone up stairs to his observatory not even his daughter Lydia ventured to disturb him. He hated to be intruded upon when absorbed in his astronomical studies, and this being well understood he was allowed to enjoy his solitude. One night during the first week of January Lydia Hulion had gone in company with her mother, her sister, and one of her brothers to Drury-lane Theatre to witness the pantomime. Lydia had exhausted all her powers of persuasion in trying to induce her father to accompany the Eftrty, but he had resolutely declined, and had etaken himself early to his " Den," as he termed ""•it _ The weather hod been exceptionally fine and jfrafty for some time, with brilliant nights, daring vVtii<4 the stars shone with a clearness and antenlour not often witnessed from the British uflelirofcolis; and it was not to be supposed that twcMonel—enthusiast as he was—wonld abandon of the stare for the sake of witnessing ■^pftntomime. s y^Oi his servants only two remained at home that evening—namely, Mrs. Starkie and her husband. The other two—Jane Forwig, the parlourmaid; and Mary KavAtiagh, the maid of ail work—had leave to remain out until half-past 11. Miss Lydia Uulton had arranged to spend the night with her mother, a id return to Hammersmith in time for luncheon on the following day. Before that time, however, strange things were to happen. Immediately beneath the floor of the observa tory the two servants slept—Jane Farwig and Mary Kavanagh. It was a fairly large room, and each girl had a separate bed. They both retired to test on thid particular night soon after 12. It was close on midnight when they arrived home. Then they had * a mouthful of supper,' and hurried off to their room. Being very tired they soon tumbled into bed and went to sleep. They did not g.t up until 7 o'clock next morning. As they wero dressing themselves they discovered that the.square of carpet covering the centre of the room was in part saturated with moisture. iMavy Kavanagh stepped on to this wet patch with her be.ro feet, and, stooping to investigate tho cause of the wet, she suddenly exclaimed : •My God, it's blood!" Her feet she found wero wet with what seemed uncommonly like blood; and glancing up to the ceiling she found there was a largo irregular stain just over the wet patch on tliu carpet, and moisture was still dripping from it; even as she looked a large drop foil upon her face, and wiping it off with her handkerchief she found that it impartod to tho handkerchief a bloodlikc mark. Naturally vtry much alarmed the two young women hastily dressod themselves, and hurrying downstairs imparted their diacoyery to Mrs.Staride, who had only just risen. Hur husbiind was still snoring in bed. Ho had taken 'v, drop too much' the night previous, and was sleeping off tho effects of it. On hearing what the girls had to say Mrs. Starkie wont up to hvr master's bedroom and knocked at the door. It was her habit to convey to him every murning a cup of coffee at a quarter to 9, and he did not like to be disturbed before then. His observatory was a sanctum sanctorum, and tho only person privileged to enter it was his daughter Lydia; hence tho reason Mrs. Starkie went to his bedroom first. Having knockod several times and cot no responss she cautiously turned the handlo and opened tko door. Usually be looked his door on retiring. Poeping in she found tho bed unoccupied. Then, alraid to go to the top of the house alone, she went and punched the ribs of her lord and master until she had aroused him to a sense of understanding. And having briefly explained what the servants had told her he proceeded to the observatory, and sho. followed. They found the door looked. Starkie having knocked several times without eliciting a reply came to the oonclußion that something wad decidedly wrong, and this opinion was strengthened, when having examined the servants' bed room he found that what looked liko blood was still dripping from the ceiling, and tho carpet beneath"was saturated. Whan he had held a consultation with his wife and the other two servants it was unanimously agreed that the best thing to do was to see a policeman. So forth sallied Mr. Starkie, and after somo searching he found a oonstablo, who, having heard wliat the gardoner had to tell, returned with him to the house, and mounting to tho top the door of the observatory was forced. Then it, ghastly sight met their view. Colonel Hulton was lying on the floor ou his back. His arms were stretched out, ouo leg was drawn up, and from a wound in the neck blood still oozed. A doctor was next summoned, but all he could do was to pronounce life extinct, and to express his opinion that the colonel had been shot. The bullet had cut clean through the left carotid art ry, and penetrated deoply into the neck. The room was searched for a weapon, but no weapon could be found. So information was sent at once to the police station, and soon afterwards a tele gram was despatched to me with a request that I would go out immediately. I arrived only n few minutes after Miss Lydia, who, finding the house in a state of contusion* with policemeu about, she had been informed at once of what had oocurred. The sudden announcement had brought on a fit of hysterios, and sho was being attended by the servants in the dining room. The chiof superintendent of the police of that district was Inspector Melville, and I found him waiting for me, together with the dootor who had been called. Accompanied by a constable, the three of us went to the observatory, and the medi cal man proceeded to make a minute examination of the deceased gentleman. The first opinion he had expressed waß fully confirmed. The colonel had m«t his death by a bullet wonnd in the throat. Tho bullet had passed through the left carotid artery, and death must have ensued within a few minutes, and, of course, the flow of blood had been very great. Aa there was no carpet on the floor it had passed rapidly through the interstices of the floor boards, bo to the ceiling underneath, thence dripped on to the carpet in the servants' room. As there was no singeing about the wound it could not have been self-inflicted, becaußU for any one to ■hoot himself in the neck in that way it would have been necessary for him to have held the weapon pretty close. But as a matter of fact no weapon was to be found, although the most careful search wa» made. The testimony of the gardener and policeman was conclusive that tho door was locked on the inside when they burst it open ; so the question was, how had the crime been committed ? That it was a orime there was little room to doubt, and the whole case was shrouded in mystery. The medical opinion was that the unfortunate gentleman had been dead for some hours; so that he must have been shot some time during the night, and probably soon after the two girlg returned home. Now, what could havo been the motive of the crime ? Tho criminal had evidently gone very much out of his way to commit it, and it was pretty evident that robbery had not been his object. But there was another singular element that at first certainly seemed puzzling. Where had tho murderer concealed himself in order to carry out hit diabolical purpose. The chamber was circular in shape, with no angle or piece of furniture that would have afforded a hiding place. From tho testimony of Mrs. Starkie and Jane Farwig, the parlourmaid, the colonel sat down to his frugal meal at 7 ; and soon after half-past 7 he retired to his observatory. Almost immediately afterwards Jane Farwig and Mary Kavanagh went out in accordance with a pre- arrangemeut, and Mrs. Starkie undertook to make the colonel's bed ready for him when he retired, and his feet. He was also in the habit of partaking of a glas'a of whisky and water before retiring, together with some biscuits, and it was the parlourmaid's duty always to place these things on a little table in his room before she went to bnd. On the night of the murder Mrs. Starkie performed the duty, and went to his room soon after the clock struck 10. While engaged in turning down the bed clothes and putting the hot bottle in, the colonel entered the room to procure a book from a bookcase in which he kept a number of scientific works. On going out again he wished the housekeeper good night, and told her she could go to bed as soon as she liked as he would not require anything more. Here, let it be noted, the time was then between 10 and half-past. Now arose the question, was the murderer in the observatory when the colonel returned to it ? If so, he and his victim must have come face to face at once, for as I have already pointed out there was no place where a man could have concealed himself. Unless the colonel had been instantly shot down it waß reasonable to suppose somo disturbance would have token place on tho colonel's discovering an intruder in his sanctum. But, as a matter of fact, I was convinced thai nothing of the kind could havo happened. No one was in tho room when Colonol Hutton returned to it, and he locked his door as usual, more from the force of habit than as v precautionary measure, for he knew that the two servants were out, and there was no one in the house likely to intrude upou him. Ho then took up his position on the cushioned platform on which he reclined when using his tele scope ; and while lying there engaged in making his observations he was shot in the neck. He had then probably leapt up and fallen on the floor, and the blood had flowed like a stream from the wound in his neck. With a view to determining whence the shot had been fired I proceeded to make a minute inspection of the place. The observatory had formerly been a large garret, but it had boon entirely rebuilt in circular form, and a dome shaped loof added, the roof being of glass shaded with blinds. Adjoining the observatory was a small storeroom or lumber closet, and it was lighted by a sliding glass panel in tho wall of tho main apartment. This room was used principally for storing old boxes, papers, and general lumber, and was Boldom entered by any one. I turned my attention to this lumber closet. I found that some of the boxes had recently boon disturbed, while broken cobwebs on the window panel showed that the panel had been opened lately- I had no hesitation, therefore, in deter mining that the fatal shot had been fired from the closet. The panel had beon drawn back suffi ciently to admit of the protrusion of the muzzle of the gun or pistol. My own impression at that time was that the weapon used was an air gun, and this was subsequently confirmed when the post-mortem examination revealed the faot that the lutal wound had been inflicted with a long, thin slug, such as 13 used for an air gun. It was now clear that the assassin had obtained entrance to the house j had concealed himself in the closet, and carried out his fell purpose without attracting any attention. Now, how did he get in, and how did he get out again ? There wasn't a doubt that he must have been well acquainted with the premises, and he was enabled to make his escape before the house was finally shut up for the night after the two servants camu home, assuming that he had gone out by one of the doors. But in studying tho problem I oame to the con clusion that he aid not enter nor quit the house by the usual mode of ingress and egress. Mrs. Starkie averred that 6ho wus always very parti cular to see that the place was well secured, particularly when the other servants were absent. Bhe and her husband had sat that night in the kitchen. He smoked his pipe, and, making the festire season an exousa for a little extra indul gence, had taken moie beer than was good for him; and about 11 o'clock his wife bundled him off to bed, while she remained up waiting for the girls to return. At half-past 10, or thereabouts, her master was all right, because she had seen him in his bedroom. And my opinion was that he was not killed until a considerable time after that. The assassin waited until every one had retired before carrying out his fell purpose. The doctor said that when lie first saw the deceased at 8 o'clock he had been dead four or five hours. If that was so the crime mint have been committed about » o'clock. If the assassin had been con cealed in the closet in the early part of tho evening why did he wait so long before he put his fell purpose into execution ? The situation of the house was lonely, and as an air gun had been used he had no occasion to concern himself about theprobabilities.of raising an alarm. When Miss Hulton had recovered somewhat from the terrible shock she had suffered I sought an interview with her. She had been passionately attached to her father, and her distress may therefore be imagined. Bho was a very intelligent, thonghtful, sort of girl, but she could suggest no theory for the clime at all. She said her father was a very quiet, peaceable, reserved man, and sq far as she new he had no enemies, tihe had never heard him speak ill of any one, and knew of no one who could have any objeot in taking hit life. In spite of this opinion it was very evident that the poor gentleman mast have had an enemy, and when I examined the crime in the light of logical and analytical reasoning I felt sure that the act waa an act of vengeance. The criminal had nursed a sense of real cr imaginary wrong, and. watching for his opportun.ty, had seized upon that night as peculiarly favourable for his fiendish purpose. Thereiore, I settled two pointß to my - own satisfaction; firstly, the assassin was well acquainted with the premises, and had watched the movements of the household; secondly, he.. had been actuated by a desire for vengeance. My next Btep in the process of trying to unravel the mystery was to determine how ho had gained bcocbs to the closet. From the observatory land ing a straight flight of stairs led down to a corridor. In tho corridor was a window that looked into the grounds. A few feet beneath the ontßide sill of the window waa a covered-in cistern, whioh waft the stored water supply of the house. At one end of the cistern was a short permanently fixed wooden ladder, placed there for the convenience of examining the cistern. The foot of the ladder reßted oh tho flat roof (also supporting the cistern) of a blook of buildings which the colonel himself had added after he purchased the pro porty. The base of thin blook was a washhouse 5 above that waß a bathroom, and above that again a spare bedroom. Now,duyone boingonthatpart oftheroof would be able easily to mount the short permanent ladder I have spoken of, get on the top of the cistern, and from thence it was a matter of extreme easa to get into tho house by the corridor window. But then the gui gtion had to be answered, How was the roof reached in the first instanoe ? It was 85ft. at least from the ground. A ladder of something like 40ft. in length would therefore have born required. And'ior one man to raise a ladder of that length would have been a physical impossibility, even supposing thero had been Buoh a ladder about the premisoa, which there was not. Theso things considered it might have seemed absurd to suppoßO that the assassin had entered and quitted the house by means of the corridor window. In fact, when I suggested it to Chief Superintendent Melville he laujjhed at me, and said it was impossible. But that did not affect me. I was proving, or at any rate endeavouring to prove, that the theories I had Bet forth in my paper, '• The Rationale of Detection," were not mere vapourings. I descended from the window sill to the cistern covering, and by carefully examining it I dis covered unmistakable traces of footmarks. By means of the ladder I went down to the roof! There again were footmarks, and in these foot marks traces of a reddish, powdery dirt. I put Borne of this dirt under the microscope and found it to be the scrapings of bricks, and it had been brought there by the feet of the miscreant The roof was covered with zinc and was flush with the wall. At the angle formed by tho corner of the building was a strong iron drain pipe, which went down to the ground, and with singular uniformity poieoted at least an inch from the wall, and was held in position by iron clips, there being one of these clips every four or five feet. Going back to the house I proceeded to the garden, gtood at the foot of the iron drain pipe, and came to the conclusion that by means of that pipe the assassin had mounted and descended. It was not a feat that an ordinary man could have performed; bnt a sailor, for instance, or an aoro bat would have found no difficulty in it. As suming this surmise of mine was right, it suggested that few crimes had been more deli berately planned, or carried out with more cold blooded determination than th'iß one. I was satisfied in my own mind it was some thing more than mere theorising on my part. I had determined the means of ingresß and egress used by the assassin, and had thuß forged an im portant link in the chain of evidence. Firstly, the fatal shot had been fired by meanß of an air gun from the cloßot adjoining the observatory. Secondly, the per ß on who fired the shot had gained tho closet by mounting up the iron pipe, thus reaching tho water cistern, and thence the corridor window. His escape had been effected by the same means. These two points placed beyond doubt another, ■mhwh was that the criminal wm wall acausinkad with the premises; and tluit in turn suggested My inquiries were next directed to discover if this was so, and I had another interview with Mies Hulton. To my questions she said that her father had not discharged any man servant to her know ledge. The Starkies, man and wife, had been with him for a long time; and the two girls three and a-half years and a year and nine months respectively. 'Do you know, Miss Lydia,' I next asked, ' do you know of any one who was likely to have cherished a grudge against your father ?' 'Absolutely no one,' she exolaimed with a passionate outburst of weeping. • ' Has ho had any suspioious visitor lately ?' ' Not to my knowledge.' 1 Your father was a reticent man, I think ?' ' Yes, in many respects he was.' ' I suppose it is quite possible, and even pro bablo, that there might have been inoidents in his life, even of late, that you kuew nothing at all about ?' 'Yes, it is possible,' she answered, still sobbing. 'He might have had secrets whioh he would withhold even from you, his well-loved daughter ?' ' I think it likely,1 she murmured with a display of almost uncontrollable emotion. I did not ply lter with any further questions then. But what I had learnt seemed to me to have advanc d the matter another stage. Colonel Hulton had been a very reticent man, and it was likely enough that in his life's history was some page he would have wished to blot out for ever. But our acts oft become our masters; and when we most desire that the dead past should bury its doad it allows the sheeted ghosts to haunt us, and sometimes drive us mad, or into our graves. I was sure now that Colonel Hulton had had a secret, and if that Becret could be learnt the clue to the whole mystery would be found. [to be continued.] 