"SPOOKS." Unit quite recently Australia has en- joyed a very large degree o fimmunity from ghostly visitations, supernatural appearings, and post-mortem communi- cations. Ours is but a young country, and such a state of things was one of our drawbacks, under the regime of the Old Supernaturalism. It was a thing which might be lived down, but for which there was no other remedy while the good old conservative sheet- ed ghost had a practical monopoly of the business. We have no moated granges with ivy elinging to their crumbling masonry, and a western tur- ret, from whose oaken floor the dark stains never could be erased. No one pur- chasing even the oldest of Australian homes could reasonably expect, as the deluded American purchaser of Cum- nor Hall did, to have the ghost of a murdered woman sadly flitting through the cold moonlight on started occasions for the entertainment of guests from the ghostless republic across " the pond" Of course, we have had, here and there, under pressure of exceptional circumstances, certain low-class appa- ritions. Fisher's ghost, the headless rider of the Old Man Plain, and simi- lar instances might be quoted when, in consequence of the police failing to un- ravel crimes of peculiar atrocity, the spirits of the dead have come to their aid. But tiiese, visits, few and far between, of commonplace wraiths, mostly described as being attired in the garments of the wage-earning classes, did not indicate tlmt, this land was yet ripe for occupation by tho bet ter kind of ghosts. They probably were a part of the inversion of society in a new country where Jack is as good as his master, and lias 110 hesita tion about pushing himself into any thing that is going. The regulation ghost, however, the sad-eyed spectre of a damsel with raven lmir, or the hollow-voiced gliding ancestor who had been on the properly for generations, has not yet become an Australian insti tution. This country is far too new for, liim yet. If the patrician ghost of tlie old school ever becomes acclimatised in Australia, it will be an affair for pos terity. But according to present indi cations some of us might fear that, long before tho country lias been prepared by antiquity and tradition for his pro per lodgment, his place will have been taken by the parvenu brood of the New S.upernaturalism. The solemn, stately visitant, of the old school, it might be thought, would have to reckon with the alert and up-to-date "spook," who has been claiming a groat deal of attention. The New Supernaturalism is certainly more pliable and more resourceful thuti the old. which depended chiefly upon 1 lie supplying of family gliosis to the best people. It did something, too, in general premonitions, and scored re markable successes in the domain of witchcraft, a branch now practically unworkable. The new is equal to any occasion. It will, if you keep the light well down and do not misbelieve tlie witn est; of your own eyesight to the extent of requiring tlie corroboration of other senses, produce materialisations of spirit in black or white, perfectly human in appearance and with voices and appetites. It will, under given conditions, cause writing to appear on sliites and slieoLs of paper without any- tiling apparent to the ordinary senses having been done to place it there. It will do many things of a very be wildering character, provided those who are to be bewildered do just as they are expected to do. But in two respects tho New SiipernaUiralism, as revealed by those in tlie know, dis tinctly fails. Its massages, as convey ed in spirit writing and the move ments of assorted furniture, do not, on the whole, mean anything in particular, or seem quite worth holding a seance for. The disembodied spirit who has been materialised and made to show himself or herself and spealt, has no thing to say that any living body couldn't say. In the whole of the voluminous literature of spiritual istic manifestation which came into sudden existence twenty or thirty years -ago, there was not one out of tlie thousands of communications from beyond tlie grave which in any degree impressed persons outside tlie believing circles of the new cult. And there has always been the ditiiculty that any unexpected interference by spectators with machinery and condi tions pre-arranged lias silenced the table legs, slopped the writing, and scared every "spook" from tlie locality. Probably the attention given by Mr. IV. T. Stead in the "Review of Re views" to the subject of "Spooks," and the class of supernatural phenomena which they are allied with, has done more- than anything else lately to sti mulate the present revival of interest iu this subject- But tlie "spook," in some form or other, has always been with us, and lias periodically assumed the dimensions of a. boom or the so lemnity of a religion. The tremendous "wave of interest and inquiry into spi- ritual manifestations, trace actions spirit: writings, and the like, which, be ginning in America a couple of decades ago, swept over Great Britain and reached every part of the civilised world, was but one of many such men- tal impulses which have moved peo- ples. In his able book on this matter. "Cock Lane and Common sense, " Mr. Andrew Lang has furnished an im- mense amount of curious evidence re- garding the profound and widespread beliefs in visible apparitions and other supernatural effects which have pre vailed, and yet prevail, in various parts of the world. These beliefs have, in many instances, been merely tradition- al or emotional-heritages of custom accepted without question, or results of the strong yearning to know what is beyond the grave common to man- kind. In other cases they have been the result of philosophical theories and experiments, as in those of the many sincere and intelligent inquirers who among us are now interested, But the conclusion one is forced to come to, after a consideration of the facts set forth by Mr. Lang, is taht the "spook" only exists for those who believe in him, because they are strongly inclined to do so, and are willing to accept evidence of his existence which will not bear the examination of candid un- belief. 