THE N"EW MISTRESS OF iTHE COURT. c5xATFu v (coXTISye). " WmET," says Sir Edmund, doming up and leaninug on the low iron gate, effectually barring Mildred's passage till it was Ilis good pleasure to move; "and when is Miss Hepsibuhl going to settle about Nettledean ?" Mildred blushes rooy red, thoen pales a little, andt says: "I believe she will not really leave Ioead Farm, Sir Edmund." "You believe that, do you, you small pink and white atom of woman ity, do you ? Ha i ha I ha 1" " Perhaps I believoe it, Sir Edmund, because I try so hard to believe it." " So you believe that belief comes from trying to believe, ch ? They say love does also; somobody says so, don't they, Bert ? "P'shawl I don't know," answers that young lady, a little sharply. " Do you honestly mean to tell me, Mrs. Lucas Bryan," he asks, still leaning on the gate, " that in your heart you really mean what you say I that you really wish Miss Hopsibah to remain with you and your husband ? -for, 'pon my soul, I can't believe it." "I really do wish it, Sir Edmund," the girl says earnestly, "for many, many reasons." " Give me a few-" "Oh!l" she says impulsively, and glancing away from his penetrating steel-grey eyes to those larger, softer ones of Bertha's. " Oh I becaus I am so ignorant of housekeeping, and because I would not turn her out of her home for anything; and and," she says a little shyly, but meet ing bravely now his keen eyes, over which the sbhaggy brows are deepening; " Lucas would never be happy if she loft his home; it is their home, you know, Sir Edmund." "And you tlhink she is not going away ?" " Yes; I believo she will not. We are getting on so well now together, and no such word has boen spoken." No," he laughs, "perhaps, like the sailor's parrot, she has been thinking the more. And so you got on well 'together, eh ? Well, that's more than most women can say; but however, she is going to leave you all the same, young lady. It is only just one or two points we are at issue over, and I have only just left her after a hard tussle of words; and," he adds, rising now from the gate, "it is right she should do so, and so you'll see some day; it is well every woman should be mistress in her own house." Miss Hlepsibah's own words; but Mildred only smiles bravely although hisi assured tones make her a little nervous-a little less sure of her game. But Bertha breaks in. "I admire that immensely as your sentiment, papal it savours so delightlully of 'Follow my precepts, not my ec ample."' " What do you mean, you hussy? " "Just as if, you old worry, poor dear mamma was ever mistress in her own home. Why I've been mistress since I was five." Tho squire only laughs heartily, as he does at all Bert's sallies, strike they home over so sharply; and she never minces the matter, or lays any such speeches out for mental cousideration before speaking them. As Mildred walks homeward alone in the still quiet evening, she wonders if, after all, Bopsibah wil leave them. Sir Edmund lhad spokeu positively, and she had more thsen a suspicion that this act was still lurking in Hepsibah's mind, although no word ofany such kind had lately been spoken, and she had lulled herself and Lucas into iufinito security that it would go no farther. How such a step would ver him ! then she set herself to consider how she could avert it for his sake and for her own, since she really was becoming personally fond of her, and had flat tcred herself, laying the soft unction to her soul that it was being folly reciprocated. And now, suddenly, she finds all her plans frustrated; the woman was still quietly intent on her own first-formed plans. And she was all- powerful, of course, to carry them out; as powerful to act, as Mildred herself was powerless to avert. Had she left any stone unturned to "make things pleasant? Could she in any way have beeon unmindful of any of her prejudices, and so have oset her anew to think of this oruel maov e? And then again came the harassing thought of how it would hurt and vex Luones; she was as sure of his love for herself as over ; more sure, she thinks with a soft blush; still she was con soiouso, painfully conscious, that home would never be the same for her at Mead Farm, with Hopsibah thus driven from it. Hopsibah was as necessary to Luoas's happiness and peace of mind asno the farm itself. Without her, all his settled ideas, his contentment of such homo, sbo felt keenly would be at au uend, and honse would ensue misery for herself. A shbrinking sonse of shame op presses her that she should have so failed to win the woman's goodwill nudtolerance; failed in this,oven when she had been hlugging the idea that she was gaining something more-her trust, and maybe her love. So she lhad been hut dreaming an idlo dream-eshe had boon resting on a false sense of security ; she felt herself, as it wore, outwitted, and was oppressed by a feeling of not being able, of not oaring to meet Lucas's eyes, knowing, as elho did, that this thing must be. He would, she felt, consider thenou that he had purohased her relief too dearly; that he had burdened himself with her.helplessness too hastily, too unthinkingly; he would regret-and therein to Mildred lay the bitter sting \--he would regret. Whichover way she looked, in her dishearteoued mood, sho saw nothing but freolh trouble and disappointment. Even hero in this quiet country rest must spring eup fresh troubles Und neniety for her; cnd Mildred felt that lifo, takenr no a whole, was very hard nu unaestiofying; and yet abho thought vagleely, looking round on the still eveningu peacefulneoss, the earth was so onlm, eo beautiful, how weas it ? She is not the first whose tired, surprised heart hasnvaguely queried thus. 'lhe question is doeep, its adsweor ia deeper still-too deep to be ventured hero; hearts so surprised, so troubled, find at l1et their rest. As she nears the lane leading to hler home she feeools she cannot yet go in, and turns baok, walking rapidly to the farther end of the lane, to gain time for fresh thought before meeting these two, whoso lives sho had thus inadvertently broken into, and in whose affection she was placed in that most uncomfortable of all positions, betweeoon. It seemed so hard to her, so insult ing oven, that thio woman cannot accept the position, as Lucas had said so surely sboh would do, naturally. loBesides, Lucre was evidently irritated all round - and had spoken lately rather shabrply and unjustly-" Why tho douce youe can't get on with my sistcr I can't fathom; I always got on with her," thus indirectly easting the blame on her. Her tears fellfast, and a sudden wild idea enters her brain, that if anybody leaves Mead Farm she will, since ehl should fail utterly to mako up to Luoas for his sister's absence. He would be so wrotohed; he would so regret his marriage, and that she could not could not bear. Yes I she ought never to havoe oome as shle did. Hop sibah wnas right, she had taken up thoughtlessly duties too heavy for her; she was an interloper; she can son it all now. Her thought had reached this climax, and she loans over a stile loading into a side-field, weeooping bitterly, when the sound of approaching wheeools strikes on her ear and sho turns involuntarily. The high dog-cart belonging to the Hall is stopped by the horse being almost pulled on to its haunches, thereby almost jerking the old man-servant off the back seat; a small portmanteau takes a sudden leap into the road, and with a bounce lands itself into a wido open ditch at the side. " Gerry I now," says the old fellow, clinging to the seat; " that brute and his shying 'll be the death ol some on us now afore he's done, Master Grant." And be gets down to fishup the active portmanteau from the ditel. " You drive on home," says Grant Loathwait; "I wou't trust myself to the cursed brute again; say I'm walking on." " Ay, ay, sir I" And so, because he was known to have faults, Dunstan got blamed for the driver's fault. It is not a solitary case of like injustice. As the cart rounds the corner Grant Leathwait turns and faces Mildred, the innocent cause of all this misahief, and all he says is " What in heaven's name bringe you here, Miss Lisle ?" It might have been a very natural question for him to ask, but it seemed a very unnatural one for Mildred to answer. The shook was so great, so sudden to her; and yet even an she stood looking at him she felt only shook, no surprise. Of course the Grant she know was turning out to be Grant Leathwait; how could she have thought otherwise. Of course this fresh trouble had only been hanging back for a while, and now sprang upon lir with teufold weight. Why could she not have rest and peace as other women had ? Why could she not be safe in the quiet homangood man bad given her ? Why could she not take all this ,s other women did? She had, of herself, done nothing to bring all this to pass-why, then, should she have it piled on her ? Why should she fail so utterly to win love she had so patiently sought ? and why should a cruel fate so combine to thrust her out from her refege ? Thus her thoughts ran bitterly as she stood silent before Grant Leathwait in the quietness of the country lane leading nlike to her home and his. The resentful bitter noss dried her tears, dried them with a sudden heat of passionate anger; for the time her naturally swoeet temper was falling her, and zealous unreaonsoning anger was subduing it. " Why don't you speak, Mildred, Miss Lisle ?" asked Grant Luathwait again, and he looked far more troubled, far more nervous than did poor dazed Mildred; his tone was anxious, yet had a weak petulant anger in it thau struck harshly on her overwrought senses; it roused her failing pride, and she made an effort to speak. It was an effort; a ohaking, tightening sensation in her throat and breast atifled the words ere they could become coherent in speech. He laid his hand roughly on her arm and shook her. " Answer me, why are you here 2 narse him, it is daring of him to so try mo, to bring you hero I" "Who ?" ohe gasps, painfully. " Who? " be answers, with a harsh, strident laugh. "Your lover-your sucuessful pursuer, Peter Warrington. I disbolieved him, but I supposs he did find you nines you are hero. Why on earth don't you speak, girl, or," he asks, with a sudden gleam of insult ing tenderness, "has he already thrown you off, and did you come bore purposely to find me ?" and he would nhavo put his arms round her; but she starts away out of his readh, and the words come now--some with a rush, as if too long had they boon pent up: " Keeoop your vileness from me I" she aries, "as I have Iropt his. You did right to disbelioeve him. He never foond me; he never sought me that I know of; but one other did. I am an honest man's wife, and neither you nor he can harm me more, You may be his tool, his eatspaw, but not I!" and her largo, dark eyes, that a mo?. ment before had beeoon full of tears, now flashed a scorn that took all idle Grant Leathwait'o patience to endure. He would not endure it; he would rc r out it. "Ha I ha I You ought to have goeo on the stage after all, Miss Lisle. Perhaps you mean me to infer he has married you-made the pretty littio millinor's apprentioe mistress of Bleas borough court ?" "How comnes it," she asks, with sudduen quietness, " that I never kuew your name was Lenathwait ?" " Because," he anSesrs, " it suited me better you should not." "Then, if I had cared for you, the marriage you spoke of would have beeu treachery by reason of this-" " Exactly." He says this with a weak attempt at a villainous bravado. VWho wans ho ? What was abshe now, that he should pick his words ? She smiles softly. How that cmile irritated him-more than any anger could have done. He felt he could have struck her; that smile had in it nuoh sense of soeurity, such utter con tempt. No man likoes to be smiled at by the woman he has loved, and lot slip from his grasp. They will dare their souls for some smiles from women's eyes; but not those smiles. And after his own selfish fashion he had loved this girl, whom the friend who had him in his power monetarily was hunting to the death, and to whom he would gladly have given the refuge of auch love and his protection; and now ishe has eoncaped them both, and can exolt, and she can dare to stand before him and smile so. " What the devil do you mean ? " he asks roughly. " WhatI say," she replies, smiling still; " that it is out of your power to harm me; that I san throw your in suits back into your face. I am safe. I am Lucas Bryan's wife I " "The deuco--the very devil you are I" All his roughness, all his bravado died out-died a faint, mean death, and a hurried, pained fear was born in its place. Had affairs taken this untoward turn to trap him ? She Lucas Bryan'o wife, to live for ever a guarded, safe lifo at his very gates ? So Peter Warrington had lied to him when he had led him to believe he had tracked the girl without any more of his blundering help. In his heart now he cursed the girl's loveliness as Ilhe stood smiling defiantly before him -he cursed his own folly. Had he dared he could have rung out a good volley of those ources at everything concorning himself at the present moment. One little sweetoning drop there was-that one day he would be quits with Peter Warrington, the hound; obut all the same his spirit quailed before the slight, frail girl who defied him, who declared herself so safe. He would have given much to have felt himself so free, no far from Peter Warrington as she now was; but the quiet little hope taken root in his weak, solfish soul that one day the tables may be turned-that then Peter Warrington and he may bhe " quits." He was not blind; he had not shown at the archery ball for nothing, to give Peter Warrington his countenance there the first time he had appea.ed amongst them-the county-as the owner of Tne Court. Ho could seelo I He knoew Bert was in it now, a strong card in his own hand. He knew quite well why Peter Warrington had let him roughly off a certain debt on con dition that he might be an invited guest at his home. Well Bert was confoundedly handsome but she had plenty of devil in her. She might do worse than compass Blonaborough Court and £1,000 a year and she would hold her own; it would not be all plain sailing then for Peter War rington. Mildred's voice breaks in on his hurried and confused thoughts as she says quietly, all her little smiling defiance gone, for she, too, has been subjeat to a rush of thoughts, that hac changed her mood : "I will go home now, please, if you will stand aside." She is amazed at the oraves fear on his face, and puzzled at the sudden defferonee of his manner, as he moves at her words. " May I ask you one thing-one favour ? " he asks. "What is it ? " she says, startled at his earneotness. "Only that you will heep my identity with the Grant you know a ssoret between us; that you will let the matter rest, and meet me as a stranger. It is nothing, you see, for you to grant, but means more than you san think to me.' There is a wild, pleading look in his weak, handsome face, and the question he asks seems little to her one way or the other; nothing, it seems juset now, matters to her in which he or his can have any possible conacern, and per sonally he is less than nothing to her. A distresoful feeooling that all this grate ful rest from trouble is over for her oppresses her; she only thinks she must go away, so she answera wearily : " It makes no difftoreuneo to me. I am tired of explaining things, it is so useless," she sighs; "I shall not need to speak of you more." "Then don't," he breaks in eagerly; "promise me you will not-will you promise ? and I will promise you on my honor I will never molest you; I will be discretion itself." Once more there comes the safe, disdainful smile into the full, brown eyes; hbut it is only a ghost of its former slf-and she answers as if only desirous of putting aside an ixtelevant matter and ridding herself of his presence. " Yes; I will promise you." "Thauk you more than I eouan say," he answers her, but he can see the subject is of absolutely no interest to her; nor is it. But tile ovening is closing rapidly. If she would roach Mead Farm before dark she must hasten; she walks rapidly and on her faoo is a settled look of some determination she has eome to. Her tears fall fast again, and she says between her clored teath, "Yes, I will go away, that at least is possible." With n gasping cry suddenly she realiessn how hard it will he to thus leave him, her husoband, and the quiet home he has placed her in, and all her newly found joy, her secret joy, that oven Lucas does not yet knlmow, that she has been longing yet fearing to lot ,him know; her choeeks are suffused with burning blushes, and once more she forgets how the night is closing in, and stands still, ooverint them with her shobaking hands. "I cannot go, I cannot leave it all; oh I Luoas, Lucas;" she moans. But what had Grant Loathwait said ? "Perhaps you mean me to in for he has married you, made the pretty little milliner's apprentice mistres of Bleasborough Court ?" The cruel, taunting words ring in her ears, and the sneer that accom panied them make her pulses tingle now, althouglh at the time they hiad pessued unoticed. W\hat relation had Poter Warrington with Bleasborough l Court? Wi at could he have meaonut ? Then witl a rush came crowding into her min d, that the now owner of Bloanboroug h Court was a low par voenu, whoso name she had not, heard. What had ouo heard ? She feels as if she is turn ing silly, that her senses are desortic rg her. What counection ought this to form to properly adjuot itself. To what lost threatn must she strain to 'ot it all to come right ? What had Bertha snid about this man as she had fitted on that shiuisig white satin dreors ? What had she meant by saying it v as to bring her riches, if not honor ? that the man was a brute, but that BIh lasborough Court was worth it, and his ?riches must cover the sacri floe; and that Mildred was to come the day nf. er the ball to congratulate her? Suddonly her face pales, and her tears ces0o falling, for all her own troublesn aro' for the moment forgotten as' this now phase of the position opens up before her. The man so opoken of then is Peter Warrington J and she is here and will be again th.rown in his path; but what matters, since he will have for. gotten her, since he will marry Bertha Leathwait? But at this moment a great rebel lion rises in her that this thing should be: Bertha Leathwait is young, bean tiful, and innocent, and has booeen hind and good to her. 'Can she, knowing what this man is, lot such a vile thing go on ? No-no-no I For a few more minutes she walks, or rather staggers, along through the narrow, darkening lane. Then all knowledge goes from her, and she totters blindly forward, falling in a seonless heap. For the first time in her lifo she was utterly unconscioeusn dead alike to all her perplexity and all her troubles. And the still night came down and settled like a dark pall over Mead Farm, her home, over the winding lane, and over herself, lying prone in dread helplossneos. And presently soft rain fell and soaked the childish figare to the skin. And still she lay so-unconscious, not knowing aught I (To bo conlnutd.) 