NOVEL TT-r — » " - 'Sergeant Croesus.' ffiSS'-fe.."- BY captain charles king. .chapter II. (commons.) 4 Oh, no, by no means. I supposed you'd really like it,' said Manning. 'I would muoh rather you didn't. That's alL' And; t Schramm nearly fell over himself in the. | effort to salute and face about in a foot-deep drift and escape before the Ho?r Rittmeister might ohange bis mind. ' Whom ean we send, sergeant ? I want a good steady mas, for Mr. Morgan is fat from mending.' ' Well, air, there's Penner : he aia't good ' for nothing else.' And so it oame to ; pass that Penner, .a mild-mannered, moony young barbarian, went gladly tp duties with which he was far more familiar than the grooming of frolic some . steeds and the tramping of lonely H sentry-posts. And Bohramm, redoubling |j the assidnity of .his:, attentions, to military 8 duties, none, the less kept up his frequent fg visits to the Morgans' quarters, modestly 9 presenting himself at the rear door and la - " a -boriouely inquiring how the Herr Lieutenant H had passed the night and whether he eould » do aught to serve him during tbe day. I Pen- g ner was scon sufficiently domesticated to an il ewer these queries himself, but not infre- qnently Constance came to -answer the soldier's knook, and then at sight of the gnadige Fraulein Schramm's manner would ' become simply extravagant in precision and deference. Within the week after he de clined the place the soldiers were saying Schramm wouldn't be dog- robber, but was boating Penner s job all the-, same.' And" \- certain it was tbat Penner owed mnoh of his usefulness to. the suggestions .of his better- informed countryman. Meantime,: Mrs. : Warren and Mrs. Woods were doing all that \- , lay in their power to help about the honae, \- and- another loving, women, who devoted two ' hours each morning to the leaBoss of: her own Utile ones, had induced, Constance, to send Lot and Billy to her as reoruits in ..the kindergarten, and the officers, dropping in each evening to cheer the old man np a bit, Elill striving to hold from, him. the fact that the Treasury Department had proved deaf to all martini appeals in. his behalf, were made giadone bitter evening by a despatoh from the Wolverine Senator. The old Miobigan brigade had still ' a pull,' and Tintop him self went wbiBtling down the line to tell Morgan the glad news that he had friends at oourt. 4 Bill of relief for Morgan -will be pre sented,' wired the magnate. 4 Meantime, no Btoppage allowed.' 4 Who could have fixed this for me ?' SBked Morgan, grateinlly, with glistening eyes. 4 Oh, your friends at home did it,', an swered Tintop, promptly, with pardonable thought of how muoh stirring the friend at the front had first to do. 4 What they on'ght to stir about now is to help you out with these — these — other olaims; I don't mean pay them for you, of course, — you wouldn't , want them to do that, — bat fix it so that you . eould capitalize 'em someway ; raise a little fund that you could repay at so -muoh. a month with six pen cent, interest, and then Wipe out all these pressing things.' . Poor Morgan! At# first thought had -been that now he could order a suitable head-stone : for Carrie's lonely grave. CHAPTER III. The winter went out in storm and bluster. . The springtide set in with reluctant flow The prairie wastes, swept olean by furious gales m March, rerobed m glistening white \- in April, peeped forth through ragged rents in their tleeoy mantle at the soft touch of the south wind, then, lulled by the plash of warm summer shower; went to Bleep., one evening in May, still thinly veiled in white, and when toe rosy breath of wakening dawn stole faintly over the grassy billows, lo ! all in a night the face of nature had changed, and the foot-bills met the sunshine clothed in fairest, freshest green. . Who ean wel come spring as could the exiles of the old days on th9 frontier ? How those fair wo- uien, those restless little oneB, seemed to glow and gladden after the long, long months 5 oi seclusion when, snow-bound, they were penned within the stockade or limited to the gentry -lines of some straggling prairie post J &ow; swarming forth like bees they came to greet" the sunshine, tbe softening air, the tiny, shrinking little flowers trembling: in the breeze along the southward slopes'", and one exquisite moraine late u May, perched \- on the very verge of the eteep bluff overlook ing the stream, Constance Morgan bad fihng to the winds her rippling mane of anburn . hair and stood stretching forth a pair of long, slender arms, encased in very shabby and shining serge, as though welcoming the first sight of the distant lowlands,— the broad, beautifaljvalley of the Mini Ska". All . the long winter she had borne on her" white shoulders tbe cares of an army home; and that a home without a mother. Loving hearts and hands, it is true, were there to aid her. Morgan's devotion to his invalid wife during her two years fmartyrdom and his grief over her loss were matters that had -v won dtap sympathy even in a crowded gar- rison bent on getting all the enjoyment pos-: sibie eat of their few months of home life. All the previous summer, spring, and fall officers and men of the cavalry, at least, had spent in exoitmg campaign, and no man could tell how soon the order would come returning them onoe more to the field, leav ing the wiveB and little ones to watoh and pray. 'Make hay wbile the. sun shines' seemed to be the social axiom of the cavalry in those days. Enjoy the too brief days as best ye may, for soon the summer will come, when all men mast work at their appointed trade, and seven months out of twelve ana sometimes more it meant separation from the loved ones within the guarded limits of the forts, a separation that, in too many oases, proved hat the entrance npon that wbieh on earth, at least, is final. There were musio and danoing, play-acting and feasting, there fore, through the winter at Ransom, and frequent exchange of . jovial hospitality with the big-hearted townsfolk over and away at the trans-continental road, but there wasn't a day when somebody, from Tintop down, wasn't sure to drop in and have a chat or: a game of checkers, or in the evening a hand at whist, with Morgan, who sat np in an easy-chair and waB mad as comfortable as willinir haatts and hands could devise, and Mrs. Vinton not only tanqht Lot and Billy as she tanght her own, but time and again sent them borne in garments newly fashioned, - hat with pardonable mendacity represented to be something she had tbat didn't fit her daughter or that her little Jim had outgrown. Connie's olear eyes saw through the strata gem, and her soft red lips quivered as she kissed the fair round cheek of the loving wo man who so well knew how to bless and eom- fort, yet rob the act of every hint of charily. And strangely, too, Connie's eoant supply of commissary was eked out by many a dainty sent to Morgan's door from somewhere along the line. No one ever gave a dinner, or luncheon, or sapper party, that long winter, without a remembrance of some kind for those motherless kids, oftentimes including some comforting beverage for old Morgan himself; . Even the sutler, whom the men called a skinflint, found means to 'chip in' , unknown to Morgan, who didn't at all like him, and the surreptitious dozens of stone bottles of stout, glass dittoes of Bass and Badweisci"; that had been smnggled in by the baok gate during the last year of Mrs.. Morgan's illness, never found their way on the bill. - He . had sent Connie at Christinas a dress of soft blaok cashmere over whioh the ohild's. womanly, eyes had glistened, and .which, impulsively, she had taken to her .father's room, opening it before Mm and saying, ' Isn't it lovely ? Wasn't is just lovely. of him ?' And then she was brought to sudden realization of this rancor towards the trader by the flush that overspread Mor gan's faoe and the heavy frown between his eyes.; , 4 Connie, ohild, youshall have it, of course ; yon need it ; bat we can't take presents from Oorran. He must put it on the bill,' he said. But neither oh Connie's slender baok nor Curran's bulky bill did those dress- goods ever Bppear. She sent him. a misspelled, grateful little note, saying how it touched them all that he should have so kindly re membered her, bnt papa was 'inflexible.' in his views abont accepting 4 presents ' from friends they might never be able to repay, and honest -Carran,— honest- at . least in his desire to do a kindness to the tall slip of a girl with the big brown eyes and anburn hair that made .him think, he sometimes said, of a, colleen he'd lost long years before, —honest Curran - mistook her meaning en tirely, thought her words Morgan's, and, mindful of some caustio comments the big lieutenant had made anent sutlers' cheques he sought, to eolleet at the pay-table several years before, had all his Irish - aroused and waB made; fighting mad. 'I'll siud him a resated bill, bedad, and out his scqueentance intirelee,' said Carran that night in relating the: inoident to some of the boys in the olub- room, whereupon that ne'er-do- well and scapegrace Briggs promptly besought him to take like cognizance of the first thing: he, Lieutenant Briggs, might say, as he des- psiced otherwise of ever squaring his ao- count. Bnt the incident bore its weight of woe to Connie, despite the merriment it gave the hoys; Aoting under the advice of his oolonel and his friends, Morgan was diligently turn ing over to the adjutant fifty dollars a month of his epanty pay in order that eritios and creditors alike might know he was doing all a poor end broken-down lieut&nant; could do to pay his debts without absolutely starving his household. The balance went to Connie, and with this Bhe was expected to feed, clothe, and oomfort the family pay the oook, laundress, and striker. Morgan had no life-insurance, and in those days conld get none. Carran was one of his heaviest creditors, and Carran had been perfectly willing not only to wait, bnt to open his storehouse or pnrse- airings still wider for ihe struggling fellow's benefit. Only so many dollars a month could be parcelled out for the butcher and baker, tbe grocer and the oom- misssry, and Connie kept her books, and, aided by her lady friends, kept her aoeonnts. But over and above all _theee necessary ex penses were certain dainties and luxuries which Curran had authorized black Mammy to draw for at the store whenever the supply was getting low, and Morgan, insisting now on auditing the aoeonnts, could' find no such items on the bills rendered," and the truth came out. Carran went off East just then, and Morgan did not write the letter Iub heart was pouring out when he learned- how in secret tbe rough fellow had been so long his benefactor, bnt he forbade all snch traffic in fnture, and Let and Billy kowled for oranges and r&isons; in vain. ChristmaB found their little stockings filled. Many an army mother, planning for her own brood, had re membered the motherless in the hnmble quarters down the .row. But no one eould tell whose hand had sent the rooking- horae and the big wax doll that were found by Fenner at the door when he opened the house on Christmas morning. Suspicion at tached to Bevera heads, including Tintop's, Whose head, by the way, had been oracked. by a shell during the war, and a portion of whose skull, so rumor had it, had been re placed. by a silver plate, which led to his Wearing a niokname and a wig." But one. and all the accused established what Mrs. Whaling once pronounced an alibi, 4 beoause they had Bent something else.' Then they though of Trooper Schramm, now a fine- looking dragc-on, oonsnfaimately at home in bis business ; bnt Schramm hadn't been near the house for two weeks. A paymaster's es- oort wps needvd to convoy that official to dis tant winter cantonments, and Sohramm had promptly asked to he .allowed to go. This: time he didn't say 4 mifc dem fellers 'as he had in the field the autumn before, neither did be add 4 once ' or 4 alretty.' Sohramm was 4 studying nook English,' said the first sergeant. The paymaster got home to his Christmas all right, — he needed no escort when his money, was gone, — bnt Sohramm and his squad trotted in two days latter, after the turkey and cranberry sause were all devoured, so Schramm could have had nothing whatever to do with the gifts sent out from town. So long aa they had them, Lot and Billy didn't care who was the donor, They believed all the more in Santa Glaus. It was Connie who thought and wondered ; it was Connie, alaB ; who hoped and dreamed. Among, the daily visitors to the bouse Perry Thorton, second lieutenant of Man ning's troop, had been prominent all winter, and there wasn't a handsomer, blither boy in all the regiment when he joined. . He waB barely twenty-two, with a faoe almost wo manly fair, and a form as slender and grace ful as a boy's could be. He rode and. danoed and sang well. He didn't drink; he wouldn't gamble. He was a soldier's son, an enthusiastic youngster who had mnoh to tell of soldiers who had won the V. O. or the Iron Cross. 4 Now in Europe,' said he, 4 the officer is held as a hero who, at the risk ofhia life, bore off a wounded comrade to whom it meant death if abandoned,' The ' cross for valor, pinned on his breast by royal hands; was the ieast reward to whi-h he conld look. Joining tk 6 regiment just at the end of the. autumn work, and reading of the nareo w escape of Lieutenant Morgan on the way,Thornton's first longing was to make the acquaintance of the gallant - subaltern who had so .bravely stood by the humble recruit and got his wound in saving him. Down w«nt his ideal to dust when a grizzled, oare- worn, sad-faced veteran was borne from the ambulance into the- homely quarters, and somebody said, '.The old.-man's about pe- teted.' Thornton could not understand it. 4 In England or in Germany officsrs and men would have been lining tbe way and standing at salute,' : said ; he, 'for a fellow who did what Mr. Morgan' did.' 4-0-h, np there when he went deer -hunt ing, ido you mean? Oh, yes, I remember,— helping: Sohramm ont when he got hit. Ye-as, that was. all right,' said one of the young gentlemen of the regiment; and in so. saying conveyed the idea to the new-comer that. there was nothing in that sort of thing to excite remark. 'It was the rule, not tbe exception, in the American cavalry. 4 We'd ' all do just as much,'— as, indeed, very pro bably they would. But Thornton determined he would cultivate Morgan, decorated or hot, and so it had happened that it was the ' plebe-thh newest comer to the regiment, who spent an hour almost, every afternoon before stablesiplaying checkers with the in valid veteran, rarely ' noticing silent, busy Connie, who oame and went, or Bat beside them with her needlework, darning the youngsters' stockings or sewing on buttons by the dorsn, yet saying never a word. Perry had no end of interest in his new pro fession, bnt none whatever in ohiidren. It . was Ihe proper "thing for him to be devoted to the senior subaltern who in other armies, perhaps, would have won such distinction, and he wrote with both pride and . compla cency to his friends at home of his daily intercourse with a fellow who did what Bereaford was V. C.'d for at UihndL 4 But nobody ont here seems to think it" worth mentioning,' he added. He was immensely prond of being second lieutenant in a troop < whose captain had won three brevets with . the regulars, and whoss first lieutenant had done as much with the volunteers, both In the. great- civil war ; bathe hadn't been long: enough in the service to find opt that brevets followed on the heelB of the great Rebellion like rain on the boom of a battle, deluging everybody who happened to be around He found Morgan loved to hear of life in foreign .armies, while no one else had time to listen. Hs loved to talk, and so he came. Ha loved to hear of cavalry oumpaigns daring the war, and "soon got .Morgan to telling and explaining, and so, little by little, he oame to be looked upon as the sunshine of their day. He was 4 pulling Morgan out of him self,' and when the spring oame on the ' old msn ' was surely better, able to sun himself on the southern porch and watoh the drills on the broad parade. Oonuie was hut a child. Who could have a thought for her? And . so here she stood this exquisite May morning, just bordering on womanhood, as the sweat spring: buds were bursting into bloom, and with yearning, outstretched arms, with a deeper, fonder glow ia the big brown eyes than mortal had yet seen, gazing lcng- ingly away down, the distantl valley, down along : the silver windings of the stream, fringed: by the /resh green of the ootton- woods, away from the dull brown buildings of the old frontier post; away from barracks, quarters, and corral, away from its bustling life and cares and sorrows, away from aging father, from laughing girl and romping boy, Connie Morgan's heart, shining through her steadfast eyes, was following the fast-fading dust-cloud, that told where the squadrons were marohing sturdily away to drive the Indians from their old haunts down the wild wastes of the Mini Ska, and Perry Thornton tiding on his first oampaign. . . . _ " . \- CHAPTER IV. The cavalry battalion had bee n gone only two days. Some few of the officers' families, well assured that it wonld be Thanksgiving, in earnest before they eould hope to see the campaigners again, had taken wing to the East and were domiciled with friends or relatives far from scenes whioh so constantly bronght to mind the" image of the absent husband and father. In most cases, how ever, the little households remained at the post, assured by department head quarters that they should be undisturbed in the tenure of . their army homes. Mdrgan, whose health and spirits had slowly revived as the sun oame northward oyer the line, had striven. to. convince Old Tintop and the surgeon that it would do him good to. go, but was flatly denied the luxury he craved and biddon to remain at the post. The department oom- mander oame out to look oyer the field in early May, and told Morgan that he meant to keep him on duty at the post all summer, in the hope thab the autumn would find him promoted to his oaptainoy. Then he might be able to get an order to go before a reiir- ing board and so home to tbe old.State and old friends he had not seeu for years. Mor gan thanked the kind-hearted ohief for all -his help and consideration, but hia tired eyes. wandered away over the prairie to the lonely, grave he often managed to visit now. If it were only possible to retire for gobd and all, how willingly would he go and be laid away there by Carrie's side, were there only some provision for Constance and the babies ! It appalled him to realize that they were de pendent absolutely upon so slender a thread as his life; that he mast straggle on, must exist, must suffer and try, at ' least, to 'be strong that they might not starve. If only those debts were paid, if only he could retire and take the ohiidren to some quiet Eastern -home, however humble, where they might be sent to sohool and Where Obnnie might receive the edneation thns far so nlterly neg lected, then . Morgan eould li?e on, grateful and almost content. He conld surely get, some clerkship, some desk-work that would enable him to add a few hundred dollars yearly to the allowauoe of a retired dragoon. He did not begin to know, poor fellow, how universal was tbe theory among business men that old soldiers were unfit for business oi any kind. He wrote to Carrie's brothers again, saying nothing, of couise, of how often and now mnoh he had helped them in the past, and begged them to find some open ing that would warrant his retiring. No answer oame. He wrote again. Then Bob Bent a few cart lines : ' Yours reo'd, oontents noted. Tho't Wm. had ans'd or wld have done so. Business very slack. Times hard. No opening of any tied. H'd to disohg two oiks last mouth. Better hang oil to your present sit uation awhile longer. If anything turns up will let von know. 4 Ye bro. afl'y.' (io bh ooranuED.' What fan Luoian extraoted from the su perstitious whim-whams of Ms day, the stories of ghosts and doubles, the spirit- rappings and clairvoyants and magicians, and esoierio theosophies imported from the East. To-day we have our Madame Bla- vatekys and bur Mr. Steads ; Mrs. Anme Besant is travelling in India in search of a religion ! or us, and apparently finding a new one every. twenty-four /hours ; to the East, with its inexhaustible bazaar of . magic and 'pells, the West is again turning in its in- oipient second childhood; no dinner-table- is fiee from chatter abont palmistry, and oui-jo boards and crystal gazing ; and we have a physoMoal Research Sooiety with professional solemnity investigating . it all, from astrology and the rope trick to the tranoes of Sludge the. medium and the in cantations of. the village witch. Where is the humorist who will invigorate ns with" hearty laughter over this lugubrious but fruitful theme ?— . 