The i ^.~ _ w-.i the Window, f Bilvani Todd mot mo at the Savlllo one' ?Toning and tools rao anida. I was living in two rooms not lot from the Bdgware I road. 'Look here. Williama,' ho began, 'I am i going to Egypt on ihiB oholera oommieaion, ?nd I ehall bo away (or six months at loaet. vlf you like to move into my house while I ' am away, do so.' 'Into yout houao in Qi'OBvenot street ?'. I oxol aimed. ' Yob. Why not I' ' he replied lightly. 1 will leave ohequoB (or the ront and taxes. TTou will bo doing mo a kindneas. Gait ia a tidy man, but I would prefer not to leave tho servants alone in tho house' ' But as to rent ?' I said dubiously. 11 Hover mind about that. Or Btay. In plaoe of rent you oan pay the sorvants' board wagea, or find their keep if you pleaao.' ' Dono with you,' I oriod heartily. A week later I moved into tho houao in Grosvenor street, No. 190, ItwaB a (ait-sized hoUBO. On the right ol tho hall was the dining room, spnoious and waineooted in oak, with muoh sombro (urniturc, and one large window whioh looked upon the street, Behind this was the oonaulting room. The window hero was overlooked, but a window garden well stookod with (ems, and above it a curious laoe blind, eoourcd tho noedtul ptivaoy; So muoh tor tho house. I had been in it about throe weoks ; tho words, ' Come and boo mo; 1 am living in Groavonorstrootnow,' were beginning to lose thoir Urst sweetnosB in tho mouth, when, on going out ono morning, I lound a man standing on the doorstep. Ho bad that moment rung tho boll. 'Dootor Silvani Todd ?' he asked, looking from mo to a paper ho hold in his hand. 'Are you Dootor Silvani Todd, sir?' ' No,' 1 haeteued to answer, (earing that he was oolleoting rnto« and taxes. ' I am not Dootor Todd. He is in Kgypt— in tho Soudan ; right up in the country, in .taot.' .. ' Anyone living here beside Dootor bilvani Toad?' ho asked jerkily, poising a ponoil above his list, 'Living here? Well, I am living horo, but—' 'Christian name, surname and profos flion,' he put in briskly. ' A oard will in euro aoonraoy.' Then he oxplained that he was a canvasser for a directory. 'Your oard, sir? Thank you.' ho Baid. 'The name shall bo inserted. May I take your order (or a oopj 1' 'No,' I replied brusquely, 'Is that all you want ?' ' All this morning, thank you,' ho airily answered. He was not one whit abashed by my man ner or sotutiny. ' Then good-morning.' I held the door open, and only shut it when he had (airly turned the corner. I am a Bby man, and his aaolues3 hud stoppered me. But it I had not soon him, when my tmok was turned, as he supposed, in the not o( examining my latter-box— not tho look of the door, or the bolts or chain, but iho tottor-box of all things— 1 was a Dutoh man. What oould tho man want with my letter-box 1 I began, thongh I would not have confessed to the toeling (or the world, to dislike the etjllness and gloom of the home. It was natural that suoh quarters should seom quiet in comparison with my old lodgings; but thia alone did not account for my uneasinces, whioh grow no marked that the striking of a olook startled me, and a ray of sunlight shooting athwart the dim neBS of the room made rue jump. No, 1 aaught tho infection from Gait. Ho was a tall, moon-faced man, ordinarily ?, tho model ot a lino and rulo servant, sobsr and steady, and not too intelligent. But he had a queer habit of goinc stealthily about the' house, and though I did not mind this much, I did objeot to another triok he had of glanc ing over his shoulders as ho waited at table, while his faae would put on at these times an unpleasant listening expression. More than once I aame upon him standing still in the hall listening. And il I wnnt into the con sulting room to water the (erne, he was sure to be at my elbow tho next minute, listening again, I daresay. But this was not all. One night something happened, whioh gave ma real ground for uneasiness. I had gone to bed early, but I oould not sleep, and while 1 waa lying awake, I thought I heard a oautious footB'.op on the stairs. At my door it paueed — if it was a footstep — (or I oould only hear the creaking of a board at intervale ; then it seamed to go. lower. ' All fancy I' I said to myself, and turned over. 'All(anoyl' B,at I was not quite satisfied, and presently with a hard word (or my (oily, jumped up, and in my pyjamas, juat as I was, went out on the landing. I oould hear nothing. I orept sottly down the stairs in the dark. AH was still. The ticking of the eight-day clook and the occasional grating of a window as the breeze rose or (ell were the only sounds inside the house. Outside a cab rumbled by. I reaohed the (oot of tho stairs, and, aatieticd now that I had deoeived myself, was turning to go back, when my movement brought the keyhole of the oonsulting-room door under my eye. A thin boam of light shot from it into tho darkness of the hall. Well, I hesitated ; perhaps while the olook above tioked a dozen times. I considered (he position. Someone might have carelessly left a light burning in that room. Only tho room was not in use. And then what of the stepson the ataira? On the other hand, thero might bo a burglar inside. And then had I not better summon the polico? But suppose I did thiB, and lo 1 a mere lighted oandlc? That would be a humiliation in deed. I feared the burglar, but ridioule more. Stepping forward, I flung open the door and stood on my guard. For a second or two I was dazzled by the light, though it prooeeded only from a single candle on tbe mantel, No ono moved in the room. No one was to bo seen. I stepped aautiously in with a smile on my face, and — and jumped, 1 daresay, a couple of feet aside. ' Why, Gait 1' I oried the next minute, seeing that it roally was the servant who, alone and half-dree-sod, was standing by the window. ' What are you jloing here? What are you doing up at this timo of night ?' I oriod imperatively. He did not anBwor. He was trembling violently. I had given him a' great shock, that wbb clear. Ho passed ono hand aoroas liia brow in a ntupid way.1 ' In tho other he hell tho garden syringo I have mentioned, I thought I grasped tho petition. ??I will toll you what it is I' I said, taking up the oandle, and holding it so that its light fell upon his dazed faca and diatendod eyes. 'I will toll you what it is, my man I You havo boon walking in your deep !' Ho shaded his eyes with his hand and partly turned trosi mo, ' 1 am afraid I have, sir,' ho muttered abjectly. I to was still forced to steady himself by reeling one hand on lUe tublc. I took the flyriogo from him, ' I suppose that this i.i v,oi tho liret timo -om hiwodoiiP it?' i said ij'iiriilcnisly. Ti hivvo a servant who walked in bis sleep. It w-s too provoking. ' No, sir,' ho ouawerei', iiis tooth ohatter inR with tbe fright or the cold. ' 1 used to Jo it when 1 wm a 'u',y. But I thought I had grnwii out of if, yc*rd ago.' ?? t lwj-o tlsuS jpu *ill (jrow out of it now,' I replied juiernly. ?' There, get to bed, and (or, jjooflntw!' na'es »lay there il you can.' '? Yet, i-ir,' ho finid humbly. ? ' I am sorry tbut I distaiW -rm\, »ir.' i m«ils i.hj-i to him to go first. As I 1ulU*«i! J gUno*t round Mia room at the «u»i;u* rastllty ti)*t covered tajblo and tubUft!fi^fiiu4 mi flowed on to obajrs and bruuKtu. . On ttHiiulf.ikunv.e tho.flroplaaowaa. a uiummy'o .htni with horrible (jlans eyes that Hrr-mcd to ho winking at mo, and in bottlis In low it wcro preparations whioh Todd had linen uning to illustrate his physiological lout ur ib at Bartholomew's. \ ' Ugh !' I1 exclaimed, closing tho door with a shudder. ' I Boon foil aBicep when I got bank to bed, But once at least I awoka with a start and sat up, in tho belief that somcono waa again moving' about the' Iioubo. Next day I had a bad nervous hoadaoho, and was as irritable as oould be ; so that when Giilt as usual orept upon mo whilo I was watering tha (ems, I lost my pationoo with him and turned sharply. ' Well?' Ioxolairpod. ' ' I oamo to see it you wanted anything, sir.' Wanted anything, indeed I ' No, nothing I' I retorted. ' And I think, Gait, that you would bo far more usefully employed, if instead of following mo about tho hoUBO you were to clean the windows. Tho ono in tho dining-room is in a disgrace tut stato,' considering that thoro are three servants in the house and only one roaster.' . ' Very well, sir,' ho answorod respect fully. He was not at all put out. And I, who am nby in my dealings with servants, and yesterday would not have dreamed of so re buking him (elt a glow oi pride in my moral courage. 'I will see to it, sir,' ho said; 'but' Dootor Todd usually allowed mo to have a man to olean tho outside.' ' Then got a man, Do it in the usual way. That is all I want,' I an.iwerod. He assontod again, adding something, however, about the riiflioulty of finding a man to bolp. I had thia in my mind flvo minutes Inter, when a man aacostod me as I oroaaod Bond street on my way to ohambors. 'Will your'honor Rive me a job of work?' ho snid. J lookod at him. Ho was not tearful as beggars are. Oa tho. aontrary, there was a merry twinklo in his sly Irish eyes, i ' A job of work ? ' I anaworori, glanoinc at my slim umbrella and .varnished boots. 'Do I look as it I had jobs of work to give away ?' . ' Your honor looks as if you would give them away it you had,' he nneworod with ready wit. I laughed, ' Can you clean windowB 1' I ankod, ' Olean all .your windwo, sir, (or a shil ling I' he rapped out. 'Then you would havo a bad bargain,' I replied, thinking with prido ot my live floors and biiaqment. '? Horo 1 you may take this to 1(10 Gtosvenor Btreot.' I penuilloil a few words on a card request ing Gilt to lot the bearer olean the lower windows, and to pay him a shilling when ho had done. For some reason, I do not now remember why, I went home from chambers early that afternoon, I had scarcely taken tbo latch key from the door buforo I learned that thero watt a q mrrel Roing forward. Gait was standing at die aontmlling room door, his back to it. In front of him was my shabby Irinlnonn, |.-»ticuliUing wildly, and talking at the top ot his voiae. As I wiped my feet on tho mat., Gilt cm himshoit. '? You do not go into thia room,' ho said ; ' tliiit. is enough fur yon !' ' And why not, my honey ?' the Irishman was beginning. ' Sura, and his honor was Buying that I was to olenn the windows, overv blessed oiio of them.' '' II o R'ii.1 nothing ot the kind,' I inter posed sternly, us I oumo forward, ' I did not say that you wore to come into thohouno at till, I snid that you were to clean the outsido ol tbe window*, How is thiB, Gait/' Tno servant mnltoroil Bomt thing. ' 1 expoat him to do hit work. Now, an you hitru let this man clean the other win dows, he may as well finish the job by doing this room. You oun stay with him. Open Iho door.' B.it G ilt did not stir. He lookod at mo BU'lpnly, ' D -dor Todd in particular about admitting ftrani;ori to Uii-- room, sir,' he said, in a tong that matched his face. ' And to the house, I have no doubt I' I returned, throwing open tho door myself. 'Stay!'1 1 added, alter glanoing round, 'Cioao the inntr window ovor the ferns. That is butter, Now ho can do no dam ape.' I saw this arrangement oarried out before I loft, them. Then I went into the (ront room to write a letter, but was presently roused bj tho repetition ot a loud knock. Gait, I knew, mu«l be alilo to hear it as well aa I could raynelf. I strode tntot.ho hall. ' Do you not hear that someone ia at tbo door I' I said curtly. Ho did not move. Instead, be pointed silently to the window oleaner, who wai hard at work. 'Nonaeneel' I cxolaimod. 'Go to the door at once.' Still a moment's hesitation, and he went. The person at the door kept him some timo, Afterward I needed ooal in the front room and a cup of tea. His soruplee had arisen rathor late in the day i thought, and I took a misohievous pleanurc in koeping him from his poat. But what did it all mean / What, indeed 7 I did not oonneot, aa yet, tbe man who had been bo inquisitive about the lotter-box with Gait, Tho lattor's conduct by itself waa enough to puzzle me. His sleep-walking and Btoaltby ways, hia nervousness, and his strange obstinacy about the consulting room, gave scope for wild conJQCturea, and certainly filled me with distrust of him, aB well as a secret prejudice againBt the house. At breakfaBt next morning I was more struok than before by the norvoua manner in which he oontinually started and glanoed be hind him. ' What is it that you arc afraid of, Gait ?' I said suddonly, thinking to take him by surprise, Tben^as he did not answer, ' Is it burglars?' I asked, tho soene with tho Irish man in my mind. II Burglars, sir?' ' Yea. Mind what you are doing with the kidneys I' I said sharply. ' I thought that the burglary close by in Bond stroet, at that jeweller's, might have frightened you. Man alive I there is nothing here to tempt that gang.' '? 1 hope not, sir,' ho replied huskily. I put down my knife and (ork and looked at him.' 'Ileally, Gait, I do not think that yon are well,' I remarked, in a more kindly tone. ' We want Doctor Todd baok already.' He began to tell me that be had not been' himself of late, whan ho stopped speaking, and with a low exolamation staggered baok from the table. The plate he was holding fall, arid was shattered on the arm ot my chair, Tho gravy ran over my sleove. I jmnpod up in a r^age. ' What on earth is the matter with you?'' [ exclaimed, very much inclined to tcko him and shake him. 'I Baw a — a face at the window,' he gasped. His own face was white. His lips trembled so that ho oould eaarosly frame his words. A face at the window I I had beon sitting at a round table oloso to the window, and when I rose 1 had done so with my baok to the light. Now, I turned swiftly round, fol lowing tbe direction of his eyes. Looking past me, the) were fixed on a aorner of the window. But there was no face to bo aeon. Gait waa wiping his brow with his handkor ohie(. ' Have you been drinking?' I asked A . ' No, Btr.' - - Tnere was no indignation in his answu . ' Umph I I am tmrpriaed to hoar it,' I 'aid. ' Far shame, man ! pluck up a spirit. Now go downstairs and compose youraulf. You can tell Caroline to bring me up another plate.' When the' plate had beon brought 1 re sumed my breaMaat. lbally Gait was be coming unbearable, Was he going out ot his mind I Or wan it. merely that something bad unulrung his nerves? A man must bu pretty tar gone — farther, I thought, than could be comfortable lor his neighbors — be- fore he oould conjure up (aaes in broad day light, and — What was that ? I was out of my chair in tbo fifth of a second, for with thq. tail of ray eye, as I roaohod across tho tablo (or tho salt, I had seen a faoa at my elbow — a faoo glued to tho pano, and such a ono I A faao, white, bloodloan, with no forehead, a long uppor lip, and Uanltod by hugo oaral A greedy faoo, with dull oyoii, that glarod in upon mo. I wag not frightened, but I waa startled. Tho face wan uuexpoatod, and it was horribly closo to me. It waa no wonder that I sprang up aa I did. Yet tho thing waa hardly uoon — I had baroly turnod my full gaso upon it— before it was gone. ' The impudent sooandrull' I oriod, when my firnt surpriso wan ovor. ' I will Boon put a atop to that I' I rnn to tho front door, and oponing it, lookod into tha stroot. Near at hand thoro was no ono. In tho dietanao two or threo broughami! woro waiting, a butahor'o oartvras rattling oil, halt a dozon people wora going this way or that. Hut no ono was by the win dow. Yet this did not greatly astonish mo. Tha houses in GroBVohor Btreot havo projoat ing porliooea whioh would hido a fugitive, though his pursuers woie but a tow yards dis tant. My first impuleo was to go up the Btreot, batlbsa aa I waa, and hunt him out, But after all he had dono no harm, and I con tented myself with vowing veneeanoo if ho should repeat his ineolonoo, and went baok to my breakfast. Though I could still laugh at tho Borionts way in whioh Gait had talton it, I did not return to my old seat. I removed my plato so that 1 might f*ao the window. Somohow tba faoo haunted my memory disagreeably. If my eycB fell upon a dark oornor, a palo imago of tha Ikt foaturos and fishy oyea shaped itBolf in tha gloom. Tho furniture, too, took queer forms whoro tho firelight fell upon it, und this wont bo far that I folt sensibly relieved when 1 was fairly outsido tho house. But that day being a busy ono, by tho evening I had forgotten my domostio concerns, and when Caroline took oft tha covers at dinner I asked whoro Gait woo. Gait wns not very well and bad gono to hia room to lio down, 'I do not think that he has been well for some time,' I remarked. 'No, sir,' said Caroline, solemnly. Sbe shook her head, aa if she oould fully aooount for it, ' What do you think is tbo matter 7' I was odnstrained to ask. ' Well, sir, we think it is the smell ot the dootor'a Btnft,' 'Oi, indeed,' I answered, muoh tickled. ' Hut you are not ill?' 'No, air. Bat you eoo, Gait— he is more in the doctor's room. Ho has been in there a good bit lately, and ho ia not like tho aame man.' ' That reminds me of something,' I aaid. 'I left my littlo silver match-box on the corner of tho table in that room this morn ing, Will you fotoh it for mo bolore I forget it, Caroline?' Wuilo she was about my errand, I, think ing over what nho hnd aaid, began to boo a connection between Gait's oddity, or illness, or whatovor it wub, and the oonsulting-room. I saw a dear connection. Still there could not bo anything in what the servant said. Djctor'a BtulT I That was absurd. And it was still raoro abBiird to supposo, though I dislikad the room myself, tbat there oould bo any malign irjfluenco about it. That was rubbish indeed, yet — A shrill scream, and tho violent dosing of a door, out short my reasoning. I ran out into tho hall. The i?irl was leaning against tho wall uniar the lamp, her band pressed to her sido, her breath ooming in gasps. Sho was on tho verge ot fainting. Luckily her cry had readied othor oars, and tho cook oamo flying from below, while on on uppor landing, I, looking about (or any aanae of (oar, aaught a glimpse of Gait's pale faoo peering down at us, ' Goodnepu, Caroline 1 what is the matter now ?' I asked roughly. I was getting very tired of those excursions and alarms, and was finding it more and uioro hard not to Btart and glanoe behind me, as Halt did, ' I saw a faoa — a taco,' she sobbed. 'At tha window?' I asked eagorly. ' Nj, sir. Over — over th« mantelshelf.' ' The mommy's head. Why, you see that every day!' I oriod. 'Tliora must havo baon something clso besido that to frighten you?' ' Thero— thero was something else,' Caro line gasped. ' Inr' a mercy!'1 axalaimed the oook, looking behind her and then at me to bob that I was not leaving them. ' What eke ? What else I What else did you rco ?' I repeated impatiently. B.I, and it waa provoking enough to make a sniut a sear and return violently to his dinner, Caroline w.ould not Bay. No, thongh I askod her again and again, and in tho main aho was a stout and sensible girl. She had seen no .ue thing Use beside the head, and that was all she would toll us. I oonoludcd in the end that she was embroidering the matter, and that all aho had aeon waa tbe mummy's head, upon which, perhaps, tho light passing through the open door might havo fallen with a now effect, I want baak to my dinner ; hut first I took the lamp and thoroughly searched tho con suiting-room. Of courso I found nothing, or nothing that should not havo beon thero, The mummy's faao smirked npon mo un ohangod, save that it looked a little inoro dirty, The preparations in theii bottles be* low it were untoaohed, and in tho midst ot them tbe board on which the dootor pinned his oards of invitation stood as fashionably untidy as ever. It, too, would havo been the better, whoie it wits not hidden by ' fixtures,' for a little soap and water. There was nothing new in tho room ; no thing had bcun removed or altered. Yet I searched under the tablo and in the aup boardtl. I could not get tho face I had aeon at tho window out ot my mind. Tho very features tit tho parchment mask above me put on a grotesque likeness to it. But by thia time I was in a oondition to imagine any thing. Anything? No, not quite anything, For surely that ory was not fanoy, oould not bo ' fancy. That short, quiok soream, whioh aame shooting up tho Btaircaso late that night, and pieroed my ears, so that I dropped the extinguisher and snatched up the aandle atiok I That was not fanoy. It was real, as real as the white, startled faco I saw peering into tbo looking-glass a moment later. 'Hang it all I' I muttered hastily. 'I oannot stand this. I shall bo seeing a ghost next, Is tbe house bewitobod ?' I ran down Jhe Btaira, listening as I wont. There was silence above arid below. I leaobodthe lowest flight and united abruptly. From there I oould sea tho hall, and raising my candle above my bond peered downward, Ah I what was it? Who was it? Step by step I came dawn until I touahod a prostrata (orm. Then I set tho caudle on the atairu, and stooped over it. 1'ha.nk Heavon, thoro was no blood I It was Gait, and he was alive. With an effort I turned him over, r,o coiling an instant as a clasp-knife rolled from' his band. 1 picked it up, and he sighed. He had merely tainted, then, and punhing tho mat under his head 1 roue to my feet, my (I rut fours relieved. I looked round. Tho dining-room door was wide open, that ot the oonsulting-room waa ftjar, Without taking up the candle, with scarce a'mome'ni's thought, 1 flung tho hitter open and aloud on the threshold look ing in. I held my bruath and shivered, 1 oonfoss, for I s«iw what ho had seen and Caro line had seen ; lint ovmoominn iha first nervom desire to cry out or flee, I stood looking the thing in tho faco until all fear was gono. Truly in the faoe— for it waa a faoe I saw— a luminous death's head. Kyts, month, and uoHtrils were black caverns in a palo lambent mask. It was griui euougb. But taking into account itu poeition over tho fireplauo, a mutnent's reflection HatiBflcd mo that Bomcono had trichlod out tlm poor mummy 'u head with luminous paint, and than had written below it on the fixturea bonrd, in letters rough, but clear, 'Thiod' Tliiof I I undorotand tho word, tho some thing also which Carolino had aeon ; but who had written it, or why ? Yot it dearly be hoved me to find out. In tho niak, and also at tho junotion of tho stool and haft, wero soma fragraontB of a thing almost as strange in that house — dry earth. Wo had no garden at Ono Huudrad and Ninoty, oxoept tho win dow garden at ray elbow; and why should Gait havo boon digging in the half- barrowfnl of oarth whioh it hold, and digging, or about to dig, thoro at midnight? Why, indood I I brought tha oandloa oloso to tho window, and aoannod tho anrtaao of the soanty soil whioh mado up our aologardon ground. Suroly I waa on tho track, for on putting aoida fair oizod'torna I oaw that tha handful of oarth Ggainat tho baao of tho biggoat Btono had boon lately moved and watorcd. With tho knifo I dag out tha damp mould. 1 was not a bit surprised to find that a tiny oavorn in or nnder tho otono baoamo visible. I thrust in my hand, and lading a handful ot hard, sharp, nmooth tilings, pulled them out. How I Btartod at night of them ! How they flashed and glittorod in tho palo rays of tha oandlo I They were diamonda — a nook loco, pondant and braaolots, They woro in thoir settings, when tha sound of heavy breathing bohind ma warnad mo to turn. Our oyes mot, Gait's and mine. 'Thiofl' I said. 'Give thorn to me 1' bo mutloied doggedly, fttrotohing out hia hand. 11 Nothing of tho kind,' I anuwerod. I otill hold hin knifo, and there was n moment when I felt glad I had it. Tha man was a aownrd, but a ooward in a aornor is an awk ward thing. I had the knifo, howafor, and did not quail, 'Nothing ot tho kind, you thiofl' 1 thundered. ' I shall ba moro Iikoly to givo you to tho poliao unloBS you toll mo this moment tho whole truth,' A knook oamo to tho door. ' You will not go,' he muttered, 'Moat oertninly I shall,' I returned; and panning through the hall opened tho door. A man stoppod quiokly in and removed his hat. He was tho man who aallod to oanvas for tho dirootory. 'You are Mr. Williams?' ho said with a steady look at me. ' I am sorry to drop in at a queer hour, but business is business, and mino is unpleasant.' ' Porhaps you will explain what il is,' I replied. I had an nneasy presontimont of tho truth ; and nuroly enough ho answered : 'I am a doteotivo, Mr Williams, You have the proceeds of a jawol robbery here, and it is my duty to warn you that evorything you say will bo given as ovidonoe against you.' ' That 1 say I' I oriod. ' Against, mo 1 Me? You are forgetting youraolf, man?' Good heavens this waB too absurd 1 And yot — and yet my right hand hidden in my pooket was claeping tha jowela— was (nil of tho stolon property I No wonder that I grow hot all ovor 1 ' Bottor toko.it oaey, sir. 1 have not boon looking in at that window yonder a dozon times a day for nothing. When I saw that Jim's plant — Jim is my pal, who did that bit of painting inaide thoro, and aearahod the room too when he w&a; oleaning the window — whan I aaw you coma down with a light, and your man all ot a heap upon tha floor, I thought it a good timo to drop in. And now, if you will hand ovor the Btonee comfortably and qaiotly, why it ia likely that it will bo bettor for both of you.' A groan procof ding from tho open door of the consulting room proved that Gait was liitoning. For myself, anger and perplexity denw mo asunder. I met the deteotive's cun ning cyos, and olonchod my fist. I fell the jewels botwaon my fingers, and turned Biok with terror. II Is tho servant in there ?' asked the man pointing ovor his shoulder. I nodded assent. Ha made a sign that I should go in first, and I obeyed, though tba blood flew to my faoe, and I felt aa if tho prison warder's hand already oast ita shadows upon mo. Gait still out huddled up in his ohair, and as I took my place beside him the deteotive eyed us both with a contempt he did not try to oonoeal. ' A pretty pair you are I Tha idea of suah as you trying on thia gams I Why, it is enough to make a dog laugh !' And laugh ha did. How I hated him tor his vulgar triumph ! 'Look here,' I said; 'you will behave yourself properly while you are in my housa, my man. You know as well as I do that I am no thief.' ' You have got the plunder,' he said, be coming grave again. 'And you and your accomplice have it hiddon away somewhere for the past fortnight. It will bo for you and him to eay bow it was come by.' Gait looked up, tbe piotnre of wretohed ness. II 1 found it in the lotter-box one morning,' he muttered, 'Tho robbery in bond street waa in tho papers the eamo morning.' The doteotivo nodded sagoly. ' I thought so,' ho answered. ' The burg lars wero chased. One was taken a fow yards from here, We found nothing upon him, but ho owned up that he had dropped coma of tha plunder through the letter slit of a houeo a fow doors away. I spottod this houao. And now it will ba only a question of receiving goods knowing them to have boon stolen. 1 daresay tbat if tho things are restored at onco that no charge will bo made.' ' Hero is tha jewellery,' I replied hastily. 'I only disoov6red ita proaonoo in the houso a fow minutes ago. 'And your servant?' he asked, ns ho anatohed at tho jowols. Tho beads of perspiration wore standing on Cialt'a brow. Ho had been an honest man baforo the discovery ol that iiiuhb of bril liants in tho lotter-box had oorruptod him. ' I am quiro Buro ho will toll the truth,' 1 said. ' I will auuwor for his appoaranoo. Do you not think you oould manage mat ters?' ' I think I oould,' ho anBwored olowly. ' I thinL I oould equiuo it, and do no wrong to anyono-rrfor a consideration, sir.' I mado a bargain with tho offioer. Ha was to havo twenty pounds, and to let it bo in fcipred that Gait voluntarily oame to him with tha stolon property. ' Wait for mo in tho hall,'! Baid, taking a oandlo from tha tablo ; ' I must fetcli tho monoy from my bodroom.' Gait and tho dotoativo wore standing to gather iu tho hall, looking at ono another as ill-tempered dogs look. 'Herein your monoy,' I aaid. ' Now bo oaroful that you fulfil your part of the bar gain.' Ho put the iiotoo in his pookot. ' You will hoar no moro of it,' bo Baid, emphatically, Gait muUoreu ^«a gratitude, while I pat a stop to hia offasivo thankfulness. ' Go to bod,' I said, brusquely, ' and do not (eel too auro that ho will keop his word.' But our midnight visitor did keop to tbo letter. Wg have not since hoard of him, or of the jewels. As day after day pnasod, and still no paragraph appeared in the nows paporo, no summons arrived in Groavouor atreot, tho truth began io dawn upon mo, I mado oautious inquiries in Scotland Yard, and learned that two men had betm cionviatod of the robbery, but the diamonds had never beon found, and thoir disappearance have be come a standing raystory. ' There uro moro of the gang about,' said tho iiwpaotor. ''Wo have our eyes upon two Irishmen, but we can prove nothing; and we oannot see how tho men who were in it could havKpnHBod the plunder to them,' I can 'boo very woll how it waa done ? very well, and how any little expenses attending Iho process woro paid ; but 1 am shy and nervous t blush, it is true, as I pttus a cor tain goldsmith's shop in Bond street, bat 1 kefp my own oouneel So does Gait, .ucj.'.jKir.tuotVj;' ::^.'«:Mw:;t!S:«iEs* ^y tot— ?#*? i 