THE hfi '' [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED-^ V ; .r A TRUE STOBY. 'O i '' BY EDMUND DOWNEY. ' Author pf ''A House' V? Tears7J ''Aiictpr; ? Watch' Yarns,' &c.; . , ? V ! ? /OOFTBIGHT.) I ' f « Mamma,- dear, wliy. do youlefcthat horrid ) man come into our room at night ?' s ; ! -C 'What mau, darling ?' I asked, scarcely^»eed-' ? ing my child's question.- ? . ; ] H v 'The man with the straw hat, who stands ! before your dressing-table and does soruei-uiub , to liis neck.' J ' 1 put down the book I was reading m my bedroom and went over to my child's cot. . .? . ( f ' Go to sleep, Teddie, dear,' I murmure^J, ? catching his outstretched hand and chafing it. ; ' ' You have been dreaming, my pet.' . ' Oh, no, mamma, dear,' said the boy, nsitag' , up to a sitting posture in his cot, ' I am not . dreaming. I have not been to sleep yet. lhave been trying to keep my eyes on you, but I pould \- not help looking at the man. He frightens me ; so mut-h, mamma, dear.' -- I was quite alarmed now. What could be thp matter with my dear child— my only child— my beautiful, sensible, sensitive, little Teddy? H* was only six years of age, but he seemed almost; \- *is wise and as gentle as his father — my darlings v who bad left me for ever just six months before. 'Oh, mamma, dear, why do you let th© horrid ? ' man come into our room ?' pleaded the child, the tears coursing down his bright chubby ' chceks. ' He is such a horrid man— so unlike dear papa !' ' I burst into a flood of tears. But in a few- moments I succeeded in checking tbe torrent .of mv grief and turned towards my boy. Tliere was plenty of light in tbe small bed room . A brilliant reading-lamp lay on the dressine:-table. 1 gazed earnestly iuto my boys ; wistful brown eyes. He was undoubtedly wide . awake, and as 1 passed my hand over his face I \- found his white brow was quite cool. 'What is it, Teddie dear ?' I asked. 'There ? is no man in tbe room, of course.'' ' But there was just a few moments ago 'I mamma.' A ' Indeed there was not, my pet. ' 'But I saw him, mamma. He came Iftst- week too, and I was awake aud saw him. You had . left the room for a while, and be came in at the ' door and went over to the dressing-table and he did something strange with his neck. Then I shut in v eves and when I opened them he was gone. 'You came into the room then, but I was ''too frightened to tell you.' I Ti-as in a fever of alarm now. What could it ail my child ?' ' You were dreaming, Teddie, dear,' I per '5 sisied, stooping over hiui aud kissing his lips and his cheeks. ' Go to sleep, my pet.-' 'I am so frightened, mamma, dear. All the . week I was afraid to ask you about the man. To-night he came in again while you were read ing, and be stood quite close to you and looked ii:to tlic looking-glass and did something to his neck. Aud then I shut my eyes tight. Wont you promise not to leave me to-night, mamma, ueur ??'' ?* I promise, my pet,' kissing him again and : laying his head gently on the pillow. 'Now go ! to' sleep, dear, while I read my book.' What could ail my darling ? I wondered, as I stood near his cot patting his shoulders with my band. He had never been an odd child, never been seriously ill ; he had always slept wonder fully well : it was not easy to frighten or startle ? hiaj. He had never had any nurse but myself, m\\.i T frtl j-? V»im cfnrioc nf «rhr-efjc nr i uau. uc-tu wiu fairies, nor bad I allowed bim to hear any such talcs. I had always been his companion — he was . my one thought, my one idol, always excepting ' that other idol, my darling dead husband, who who had shared his great love with Teddie and me. The house I was now living in was situated : brad by tbe banks of the Thames. It was a ! pretty little detached cottage, and I had secured \- it furnished at a wonderfully cheap rental — an ' important consideration, as my means were narrow, and all that could be saved or spared should be lavished on my beloved child. The following morning — Saturday — Teddie seemed to be quite himself again. He romped with me, walked out with me, talked to me just ! es usur.l ; and as he made no reference to tbe 1 stranqe man of his dreams — for I had no doubt it was a dream which had disturbed turn — I thought it best to keep silence on the unpleasant subject. Nor did the child refer to the dream j during the next week. At least up to Friday - ni^ht. On Friday evening shortly before eight o'clock, as I was tucking him up in his cot, my darling boy said, ' Mamma, you will promise to remain with . aie to-night ?' ' Yes. dear,' I replied, ** if you wish it.' j Then 1 kissed him and sat down in the grow- j .ir.g twilight. j There was no one living with us in the \- coitace. A little girl from the neighbourhood I did all the rough house work for me during the - . day and usually went home about eight o'clock. I As I did not go downstairs my little maid of all 1 . work came up shortly after eight o'clock to . let me kuow she was going. A sudden impulse . urged ine, and I said, 'Will you tell Dr. . Jiitksou to give me a call this evemug ? You . pass bis house on your wav home, I tbink P' As soon as the little girl was gone I got my, lamp alight — Teddie was used to the light and it never seemed to disturb his sleep — and sat down near the dressing-table I was in a some ? what tremulous condition — though I am riot' . ordinarily weak of nerve — and found myself . agitated by every souud which reached my ears. . About nine o'clock I was horribly alarmed to ' hear a piteous cry from my child. I laid down my book hurriedly aud went over to him. ' Mamma ! mamma he cried. *' There he ! is again ! Oh, why do you let him come into our room?' I stared round the little bedroom but could see nothing strange. 'There he is now, mamma dear— near the \- the lamp on the dressing table pointing with ; his forelinger. 'And now he is going to ? . lift his hand to his neck.' 'I pressed my terrified child to my bosom and Eoothed him with words of love mid cliaging v 1 pressures. Iu a few moments be had regained ? his ordinary manner, and 1 allowed his head to .sink back ou the pillow. Just then I heard a loud knock at the door. My boy started. 'Can this be the man again,: rcamm;;, dear ?'' said be — 'the horrid man with the large straw bat ?'' 'No, darling,' T murmured. 'It is the doctor. : I have asked him to come aud see tny little Teddie. You will not mind me leaving you for ;a moment, to let the doctor in !' A t first Teddie clung to me, but another knock ? tit tbe hall door reached our pars, and mv dear boy murmured — , ] ' I feel all right now, mamma. I know he ' won't come back again. Don't be long.' I hurried down the short flight of stairs and let in Dr. Jackson, a kind, middle-aged gentle ' man, whose face was familiar to me. I brought the doctor up at once to hiy child and whispered to him that lie was suffering from an attack of nightmare, and that he bad a strange delusion that he saw a uian with a large straw hat ih the room. The doctor looked curiously at me, aud then felt the child's pulse. He asked roe some general questions about his health, and took his tem perature. ' Thp cVi il rl sr-f»ms all riirhL' cairl Hrvfnr 1 . Jackson, addressing me in a low voice. ' I don't think you need be alarmed. Bnt could I have a word with you out of his hearing ?' 'Tbe doctor wants to speak to me downstairs, Teddie,' I said. 'Do you mind -my leaving you, alone for a few moments ?' , , ' ; ' No, mamma 'dear,' he answered. ' Only' ?leave the door of the room open,' won't yon ?*'' ? When we reached the parlour, the doctor, with 4 a grave face, said — - ?? '' 'This is certainly a most extraordinary affair — inoEt extraordinary! Your child has seen, three Friday nights in ? succession, a -man 'with a large straw hat .standing in front.of the dressing-table, doing something to his neck, as the little man puts it. , Po you know anything ot tins nouse r , ' Nothing whatever, except that it is Very , pretty, very comfortable, and very .cheap,' I. answered. , ' Well, madam,' Said DoctoSr; Jackson, ' iny advice to you is to leave he pretty, comfortable, cheap house at once— there is up occasion to get roe into trouble with the agents ,by telling them, you are acting on my professional advice.' ' ' ' But why ? What is the matter a?' I asked. 'I will tell you,' said the doctor, u and then; yon can decide for yourself. And' please under stand, I am no believer in ghosts, Jbut this is certainly a most puzzling case; Thiiboufaewasi \ vacant for a twelvemonth before you took it. The last occupier was a man of somewhat evil reputation— he owned the ho&|£- I (hnderstainS-^ \ who was very fond of fpoktingk iOne Fjrjpay -Bvening..abduE aide o'clock, ' hb returned *{rbm the river. . ;e was wearing a large straw Jutt ? {] 'fa I recbii&t; Well, ]fb£ 1 room wh^o I jpg.| jg* ? ? --j-- ???? ? ?»'rrr-'','s- '-r-yv --^wrr ''P' c i ; W.- -'V .! - -*5. i.. . ? throat, standing m front of the dressing-table nijhtfTnarcrdtiir1 Than 'alive. Iffy boy »s a strong man -now, and ^ WOftMMJiarfjto frvgWen;. but;he .renieA^rs^lL^wifch a , f^^jag of^howo^ the ntroMrabiwt viSi&-life Vision ffeined% nife «E theman'with tiifeSstfaw ha®: standing Sn front of the dressing-table ^'th^littlp liedropm. ; ;- ' ' , ? , ? r. | _f; 