The Silver Humbles. I Br GEORGE FOSBERt. Yea, sir, lima1 universal provider' on a very large scale, and I am prepared to supply you at short notice with eveiythlug you can possibly require from your cradle to your grave. I am speaklDg literally. Metaphor is tbe one thing in which the interests of my business -will not permit me to deal. With regard to cradles, you can be suited at our establishment with any thing from a Size 1, Untrimemd, Black Japanned, Full-height second quality Child's Cot at 17s 6d., less five percent discount for cash, to a Size 2, Trimmed, 39 inch Infant's Bassinette up to any price in Black, Cream, and gold, with Fink, Sky, Cardinal, and Cream netting. And, as to graves, we have just now a remarkably nice assortment. Eh ! — what's the matter I Wandering from the point, was 1 ? So I was. Beally, I most ask yon to excuse me ! I need hardly tell you that my wife, Mrs. Brownlow, ia very much looked up to in our neighbourhood, and that we are admitted into the very best society. We know this,becBnse we are on visiting terms with Mrs. Frnmpington Beade, and toe told ns -herself she was very particular, which at once pnt ns at our ease. a, while ago to Mis. Frnmpington Beade's private theatricals, for which we supplied the scenery and dresses, and the music ; aud there I was introduced to one of the prettiest women I ever came across in my life ; and that is saying a good deal. Mrs. Horlingham, toe lovely lady In question, made herself very agreeable to me. After the theatrical performance she led me away to a quiet - corner be hind a screen in tbe back balcony. She asked me all about my business, and took the greatest ioterest in everything I told her. By way of interesting ber still more, I alluded to the romantic side of my occnpatioD. She was im mensely entertained by my description of some of the tricks played by mon omaniacs and toe light-fingered gentry of London npon oar customers and upon ourselves 'Many a clever shop-lifter,' I said, 'is for all the world a real lady like yooreelf. 'lake me P exclaimed pretty Mrs. Hnriiogham, mistaking .what I had said. I hastened to correct the impression. 'Yes, like yon; that is to say — ahem! — as beautiful ae /yon, Mrs. Hnriiogham ; that ia to say, not quite eo f I flatter myself this was rather neat. Mrs. H. most have thought so too, for it made ber langh. ' I have beard something of the kind before in Paris, she said. ' Ab, Paris ! I repeated. - ' That reminds me that we received a warning a day or two ago from the French police against a very artful woman of this kind who has, come over here for change of air, and scene.' . ' What is ebe like? inquired charming Mrs. Hurlingham. ' What is she like? I echoed; and then -I' saw my chance for another bit of smartness. 'Like, why her description might do for jou — ahem! .Tall, elegant figure, Stylishly dressed, possessed , of consider-, ablepersooal charms and most fascinating address. Mrs. Hnriiogham again langhed heartily at my Bally. It was" rather a smart one, wasn't it? Jnst as well Mrs. Brownlow was down at supper ! . ' Do these— a — thieves ever get punished ? asked my fair companion, with a wicked little smile. ' Always,'! replied, in the end 1' ' I suppose yon mean thai they in variably fall into the bands- of toe police.? she said. . ' Not exactly,' I replied. We seldom proaecote. It . wonld injure ' onr reput ation. For petty pilferers it is almost enonghwhen they are found ont in the act I have known the siock of discovery tore mora than one before now. Their conscience nnnitoeb them siaverelv.' Then you believe in Nemesis, Mr. Brownlow ? " --- I didn't lmaR .vfat l)emeaB was ; Jit wasn't iti rinr catalogae. I believe it Is fln Egypfalln wrfnmtnjy pndJFd ffltlMtea to get one if yon'djgiye ine toe fevonr of yonr esteemedjbrder. So I said": Of conrael t believe in Nemesis down to toe gronnd.'" : .-' - i Wbaj; she continued, ' doyoh rerdly toinkrTetribation jb bonnd to overtake tbe nnscrupulons, however ehilfril they. fSonndJa'J told. - 'Yon folgbt as wdl .the best: jplicyr?w O relSwijseUiig ja ..gopji SLrtiercteufntitotiqntpbuBibem; thattimveliecomo jacb man. I said" t| pnto poritole .pride, bnt I regret Jmpreea Mrs. .Hnriing- htoaasriibtonijgfetq-dpne, Sbe Jonked «VmWiiw»mito'4odldiy and -tbonE" shoddy ' -goods and ' overworking ernpldyds' were the royal road to wealth in toeee days !' Though I am not exactly thin-elrinned, this remark of here hurt me. It was spiteful, though it did not apply In the : least to me. John .Brownlow sells nothing but the best, or second-best, articles ; and he never keeps his shop girls standing mors than ten boars a day. "Gome, come,' added Mrs. Hurlingham, when she saw that I didn't care for chaff on snch a subject : ' I didn't mean to offend yon, Mr. Brownlow ! Yon won't torn me ont of .yonr premiseB wben I come tbere shopping, will yon !' And she smiled sweetlv. ' Not for worlds, ma'am not for worlds. You shall have anything yon like at coBt pries, if you will send in yon card to my private room.' I was just finishing my sentence,!11 8 conrteooB and confidential a manner as I could assume, consistently with my being a married "man, you understand, when I became aware of the presence of a third party at toe teleartete. My wife had come suddenly round the screen. 'Mrs. Brownlow didn't say "anything, but I thought it best to make my bow to Mrs. Hurlingham. " Time to go, my dear ;.ia it? I asked ; calmly of Mrs. Brownlow. High time !' she replied, very stiffly, as we moved away. ' And pray, Mr. Brownlow, "what ia Mis. Hurlingham going to send her card into your private room for ? I needn't trouble yon, gentle reader, with the Teady explanation J gave. It is beneath a man of my standing to prevaricate. I told her troth. You would believe that I told toe truth. I am sure my wife didn't. ' Andperhapa you'll be good enough to inform me who this fascinating young women is ? resumed Mrs. Brownlow as we drove home in oor comfortable brongham. 'I overheard, my dear, that she was tbe wife of her Majesty's Third Secretary of Legation at some place or other abroad.' ' Ob, John !' exclaimed my better- half, softening. 'Why didn't .you say so sooner! HerMsjesty'sThird Secretary of what did yon say ? ' Legation, my love, Legation.' 'Her Majesty's — well, there now! I knew Mrs. Frnmpington Beade wae very particular. Do you think I could call, John, and ask this Mrs. Hurlingham to dinner ? ' I shall be delighted — that is — I mean — I've no doubt you could, dear, if yon set you mind to it.' Mrs. Brownlow did set her mind to It, and io a very short time we (tost is my wife, of course) became very .friendly with handsome lbs. Hurlingham. Meantime Mis. Hurlingham came to be a constant visitor to Brownlow's ranponum. oomerames sne sent in ner card and paid me a visit in my sanctum strictly on business, as I need hardly say. One day Mrs. Hurlingham sent in ber card in the usual way, and was shown into my room. She looked pale and nervous. She was evidently distressed about something. As soon as she was Beated8hebeganto8ay,inheaUatingtone8, that she was in pecuniaiy difficulties, .and that her husband was unable to send ber as much money, as as naual from abroad. I was not to mistake her. She did not intend to borrow money. But she had some little trinkets of her own, wedding presenta,she said, for which ahe was anxions to obtain the full value iu cash. Would I help her ! I reflected for an instant. It was obviously inconvenient that a private transaction of this sort should be carried out in my own jewellery department. It might — I merely thought it might — lead to some misunderstanding, if not scandaL It occurod to ms that I bad balf-au- hour to Bpare, a thing that bad never happened to me during business boors for twenty years. I undertook her commission to dispose of toe trinkets ; and after banding me a -little packet of rings and brooches, she expressed an amount of gratitude which I would rather Mrs. Brownlow koew nothing about She left me, alter saying ehe would; call agalu on toe following morning. 1 took a handsome to Bond Street. and astonished my old friends Bangle and Sou, the. celebrated silversmiths, by paying them a morning visit Without giving them any particulars,! told them toat a friend of mioe'had asked me to dispose of the little packet of jewellery. They gave me a liberal sum for the parcel, and I was on the point of departing, wben I noticed a tray of Indian silver thimbles, perhaps a Bcore or so, on the counter. ' How do you sell these -!' I asked ont of pore curiosity, knowing we bad toe same article, ticketed one - and- elevenpence - three - farthings, at the Emporium. 1 TTmlf-ft-prnwn ' answered Mr. Ranrrle eenior. I took up one of the thimbles aud looked at it. . To my surprise I found that it bore on the inside our own private mark. 'Where did yoa get these? I inquired, Showing as "little ' embarrassment as poseible. 'A ladv brouebt:' toem here and pestered us till we bought them, replied Mr. Bangle jnnior. ' What ! all the twenty? I exclaimed. ' Yes,' explained Mr. Bangle senior. She said ehe bad expraesed a wish for an Indian silver thimble, and bra friends pajrw urn - ywtrwwM jvm vjr «wu giving bet one on Iter birthday. She was so angry, toat she wanted to sell them .all.' 'Strange!' ! mused. 'And what was the lady like!' I bad become inquisitive. ' ' Tall,' aaid Mr. Bangle senior. 'And good-looking — -very good- loqtdng, Baid Mr. Bangle junior, with a langh. -.>v. 'fityliahly 'dressed,' added toe elder' Mr.a -...j;. 'Very elegant figure,' added his nun. ;T;ak«rerd raiggising apued foe. I- wasafrafoto eayAnytoihgmore. said, you/ rejoined Messrs. Saoeqnd Son an a «'.«» ,v- jSSS vbatoagain inrey canlaM&frtoe; reanager of our V -i-'. : v:' O -" have yon missed anything from your counter lately P 'Yes, sir,' replied my subordinate ; ' I am Bony to say we have. It isn't mnch, and I should have mentioned it sooner, -but we only discovered the loss In stock-taking this morning.' 'Go on, sir,' I said anxiously. ' There is a deficit of twenty Indian silver thimbles, sir. They cannot have been taken all at once without our notice. It must have been done by degrees.' - ' Do yon suispect anybody? 1 1 have no evidence to .go opon, sir.' 'It is not any of your staff? I asked. ' Oertalulv not -sir. Thev are all tried men.' 'Then they must have been abstracted by some person who constantly visits yonr counter. Have you any such person in your mind ? 'The only oustomer who comes to ns often, sir, is the lady that sends her card in to you— a friend of yours, I be lieve, sir. She brings ns Bome trifling repairs todo nearly every day. .Mrs. Horlingham, T think her name ia' For n moment I turned dizzy. Sus picion most be diverted from that quarter immediately. ' Yes,' I aaid, sternly, 'Mrs. Hurling ham ia a friend of mine. She is in capable of taking the thlmbleB.' 'Certainly,' assented my manager. ' Hist will do for to-day. Yon will use sne customary precautions to pre vent a recurrence of this, if possible. By the way : bring me a tray of these thimbles, and leave it here. £ should like to have a good look at them.' ' Yes, dr.'" 'And — just send me Mr. Coil, the manager of the Electrical Department.' « When Mrs. Hurlingham called next 'morning, I caused her to be ehown into my room, and I received her with my customary manner. I handed over to her tbe proceeds of the eale of her trinkets, and again she loaded me with expressions of heartfelt gratitade, and so on. When she rose to go, I remained at my desk, instead of advancing to ebow her out. Near the door stood a table, and on the table lay the tray of Indian silver thimbles which I had ordered Mr. Stone i to bring to me the previous day. Between me mud this table Mrs. Hurl ingham suddenly hanlted. I pretended to be occupied with the papers on my desk. She leant one haod on the table, very near to tbe place where toe thlmbleB lay, and then ahe turned towards me once more. ' Mr. Brownlow — you have done me a great service, aud I am — Oh ! what is this ! help ! I am dying f She had started violently, and almost fallen to tbe ground. I did not move, though ehe staggered a couple of paces i forward, as one who is snot. | No, Mrs. Hurlingham, yon are not j dying. Tbere is nothing the matter,! nnlessit is with your conscience.' j ' What do you mean F she exclaimed , In an agony of fright | 'Yon will" remember,' I eaid, 'my telling yon at our first meeting that retribution inevitably overtakes those wbo deserve it' ' Nemesis !' she gasped. ' Yea,' I replied, ' Nemesis, Barneses — anything yon like to call it, You have had one warning to-day, evidently. Don't tempt me to repeat it. Hadn't you better return to Paris for your health.' The miserable woman turned as pale as a ghost. I struck my hand bell. - A porter entered. ' Show this lady into a hansom, and send Mr. Coil here.' Hie porter obeyed. Mrs. Hurlingham went out without a word. Two minutes later the manager of tbe Electrical Department entered the room. 'Please to disconnect that current from the silver thimbles, Mr. Coll, and take the apparatus away.' ' Yes, sir.' ' And by the way, as I said before, be carefal to say nothing about it to anybody.' You will be glad to know toat Mrs. .Hurlingham left England hurriedly for the Continent. She is not likely to trouble us again. Bnt Mrs. Brownlow, who knows nothing of all this, never cesses to regret the absence of the wife of one of Her Gracious Majesty's Third Secretaries of Legation.— -Argosy. 