POLITICAL ECHOES. [By LOUNGER.] Parliament has been opened with a pinched pageantry, and yet some critics are not satisfied. The spectacle, they say, ia like a many coursed dinner — costly and unnecessary. " Why was not the money given to the poor!" A oeremony as abbreviated ai a lady's evenine dress oan scarcely be more reduoed. Of oourse if Parliament is to be refined into a mere abstraction it can be set forth as a work of art in its native simplicity, even the fig leaf of courtesy disappearing. For the present, however, the oontracted thin red or kahki line parading in front of Marble Palace is a very mild symbol of the executive arm of the law, withont whioh Parliament would be as paralysed as the members themselves when called to account to their wives or catechised by their constituents. In the brilliance and picturesqueness of the viceregal procession— the Governor in Windsor uniform with decorations and a half-dozen officers in eoarlet and with swords—one may catch a gleam of the administrative glory of the Ministers, and a ray of the romance of political history. Out of chaotio barbarism and repulsive despotism, signified by ornanental mutilations and human sacrifices, has been evolved orderly society, and popular government, denoted by geometrically triangular hats, glittering art laoe, and manufactured literary oration. The mutterincs and sputterings indulged in against a ritual, whioh, while retaining humorous aspects and involving a moderate expenditure, is not too elaborate for the highest tribunal in the land, is, indeed, a protest against the modern custom of wearing clothes. Admitted that these artioles conceal the divinity they affect to adorn, are unnecessary tg primitive man, a source of expense to modern citizens, and a fund of mirth to the satirist, yet we do not abolish the tailor. On the contrary, we demand that he should proteot us not only from Nature's sarcasm through biting winds and scorching blasts, but from intellectual contempt; therefore we adopt a dress oonsonant with dignity and expressive in a manifold nicety of mental equipment. A Labour - member should refuse to be seduced by the Iconoclast, and preserve the political tailor. Popular exhibitions connected with Parliament are advertisements in the interest of His Majesty the King of the Ballot-box, whioh is to bring about what New Australia has failed to aosomplish—a millennium. The shrewd working man spends pounds upon a jtreaming banner, and trudges through the streets to demonstrate his own value. A Parliamentary speotacle is another testimony to it,' witnessing to the potency of universal suffrage and the influence of its delegates. The latter control the sovereign power as the Governor, who represents it, typifies in reading a speech composed for him by the servants of the people. It is worth something to have that privilege symbolized twioe a year, if only to stimulate a sense of corresponding obligation. The Hon. Sir Jenkin Ctoles, K.C.M.G., the Sneaker, is a martyr. He has oheerfnlly aocepted the penalty imposed upon the presiding officer of " The Talkiog Shop." In his studied reply to the best word a Democratic Premier could give for the distinction. Sir Jenkin intimated that he took the title to please the House. Generally speaking politicians incidentally serve the public good, honour, fame, notoriety, and other personal ends generating activity in the Parliamentary world. Here, however, is an illustration of a self-sacrifioing publio man. The exception proves the rule. Polities make strange bedfellows. In cleaning social chimn»ys legislators are liable to be sooted. Their lot is far from happy. Why, then, do they enter upon public life? Parodying Hamlet, one discovers the answer iu THE PHILOSOPHY OP THE GINGERBREAD. There's the respect That makes <»lamity of politics; For who won Id bear the whips and scorns of Press, 1 he reporter's wrong, th* 'lectors contumely. The pangs oi misplaced trust, fortune's delay, The will o' wisp of office, and the spurns That patient merit of the unworthy takes When he himself might his full pleasure take In pnr&te; life ? wh'> late sittings 'tend To grunt and sweat to Ml a " Hansard" tome But that the hope of something after toil— A handle to the Dime—lever social. Domestic life joy—puzzles the will And mikes men rethsTtake the ill* unseat Than prize the good they have and know not o{? Of the five Speakers of the Assembly two are dead—the first and third, Sir George S. Kingston and Sir Hubert Boss. The fourth, Sir John Bray, is returning to the colony in ill-health. The eeoond, the Hon. G. C. Hawker, 51. A., is the only one of the five who has not reoeived a mark of Royal favour. Mr. Hawker is the Nestcr of Parliament, the grand old man eloquent of the Assembly, gentleman, and scholar. He has played a prominent and useful part in public life. Whether as Minister of the Crown or private member he has enjoyed the affectionate esteem of all sections in politioB, and is held in high respect outside. He is able to confer more lustre upon knighthood than knighthood ban add honour to him, and hence it is singular that his merits have not received recognition in official quarters. It is improbable that at his advanced age he will oontest another election, but when he retires he may be assured of That which slionld a" company old age, As honour, love, obedience, troops of frfen Is. At the beginning of tbo session it utay be well to explain to the public the meaning of a few of the principal Parliamentary terms. For example— The Governor—A mechanical contrivance for opening and shutting Parliament ; also a political safety valve and a social ornament. It is easily worked. Put a salary in the slot and you get all that you want. The Speaker—A wiglees, gowned, trainless, and rug'd gentleman, who listens and nods and does not speak. The speaker (spelt with a email s) is, by way of contrast, a member who speaks, does cot listen, and never nods unless he is more than usually sensible. Clerks—Gowned officers to keep the Speaker in order. Premier—The Parliamentary Boss. Minister—An Aunt Sally during question time. Oponsition—Outs" whohave been, and still would go, to the Treasury bench. Independent Coun try Party—Neuter gender. Sticks that cannot be easily bound together, too green to fire into enthusiasm. Labour Party—A growing class of neophytes who have never been excelled in the game of Follow my Leader." Privet" Member—A pnrty all to himself, whose chief delight it is to rend sermons on Wednesday afternoons. Hansard — A Parliamentary cemetery whence arise ghostB to haunt traitors. Orator—The m«:nber who never allows his imagination to suffer for bis facts. Reporters—The scribes who make the speech after the orator sits down. Press — The newspapers that make the speaker and are acquainted v.'ith all the varying modes of ingratitude. Tax-payer—ThB viotim of Parliamentary jokes, for which he pays at the rate of about £500 a sitting. 