NEEDLES "Short, Sharp, Shiny." "I find you've charged four shillings and sixpence for soleing my boots—why is that. • " Well, sir, we mostly reckons our customers at two feet, but in your case it's quite a yard, sir." . Warm* ! Sunny. Cyclists. '• Cyclorama. Coal difficulty. Syxnosds fund. "Continentals." Sly grog-selling. A Nihilist paper. Lost in the bush. Napoleon's ghost. Botunda concert. A fatal explosion. Postal Conference. Australian drama. Death from thirst. Socialism in Spain. Village settlement, Swimming matches. Shearers' conference. Intercolonial cricket. An incorrigible rogue. Thrown from a buggy. Drowned at Premantle. Bain at Southern Cross. j "Is marriage a failure7" j A brewery for Coolgardie. ! Embezzlement in Sydney. | " The Sqnatter's Pardon." Sawmills destroyed by fire. St. Valentine's Day is dead. Smuggling at Port Adelaide. Viotoria on its good behavior. " A Trip to the'Mediterranean." Obit.—Mr. A. J. Edmunds, S.M. 1 Mr. Gillen, sen., is out of danger. j Accident to Salvation Army officers. A field day at the fire brigads Btation. The Marine-Board versus the Treasurer. Two men lost in the bush near Coolgardie. " Billy" Elton is going to revisit Australia. The Marine Board standing on its dignity. Matters are quiet at the Newcastle collieries. The Shah.of Persia is going to visit London again. Pictures and- music at to-morrow's " Conti nental." A children's sixpenny Continental on Mon day next. A wave of -Catholicism has lately passed j over England. Swimming matches at the Semaphore on j Saturday next. The Minister .of Education' leaves for New | Zealand to-day. The House of Lords denounced as "an un bearable abuse." Better protection wanted for the Goodwood j railway crossing. The enchanted fountain still plays merrily at the Cyclorama. A New South Wales postmaster charged with embezzlement. The new steam fire-engine is to be shown at [ work this afternoon. Mr. G. P. Hitchin, clerk of the Adelaide | Local Court, is dead. Water is scarce at Coolgardie, so a brewery | | is to be-opened there. The Pastoral Board is to visit the South- j | east on Monday next. j Bioh gold-bearing stone discovered at | | Welcome Gully, Victoria. A Bpeoial children's night at the Exhibition | [ Gardens on Monday next. Superintendent Booker is going to show -off | | his merry boys this afternoon. Pioneers should come to the resoue of their | [ old comrade, B. G. Symonds. The annual swimming matches-take place | [ at the City Baths on Monday. Mr. Walter Bentley will play the principal j | part in " The Squatter's Pardon." The Liedertafel are going to indulge in a ] | marine excursion on Tuesday evening. Sydney labor members object to colored | [ labor being employed on mail steamers. Mr. B. G. Symcmds is one of the few sur-1 | vising members of Colonel Light's party. Lowers do not use St. Valentine's Day now | | as a medium for expressing their passion. The delegates to the Postal Conference are | [ going to have a good-time in New Zealand. Postal Conference delegates will be taken | [ from one end of New Zealand to the other. Cyclists waited on Sir Edwin Smith last | | night and welcomed him back to Australia. A Spaniard olaims to have invented an auto-1 | matic soldier which fires 3,000 shots a minute. The Waroonga carried 60 passengers in I | exoees-oE her number on her last trip to West | 1 Australia. A concert is to be given in the Town Hall I on Thursday next in aid of distressed women | and children. The Marine Board accuse the Treasurer | of " an evident desire to underrate the powers | conferred on the board." The original Australian drama "The ] Squatter's Pardon" will be produced at the Bijou Theatre on Monday evening. A colored man was bragging about his horse. "Why, bless you, man," he said, "dat ar hoss kin kick yo' oollar-button off widout ebber | tichin' yo' neck!" A language statistician calculates that Eng lish, which at the commencement of the cen- I tury was only spoken by 22,000,000 of people, ib now spoken by 100,000,000.. The population of modern Persia is about I 8,000,000. It is made up of Ne3torians, Jews, Armenians,. Koorda and Sikhs, Arabs, Turks, Bohemians, Parsees, and Persians. It is said that the Countess of Aberdeen will I have £20,000 to use for her benevolent work in I promoting Irish domestio industry as a result | of establishing the Irish village at the Chioago Pair. Archdeacon Pivrrar, in a paper on "Drink | and the working man." points out that there , are 20,000 prisoners in England, who, so far from suffering from total abstinence, improve in health during their incarceration. A Highlandman when asked what sort of a | woman his wife was replied—"She's proud, she's small, she's ill-natured, she's a thief, and ! she's a liar; but," he added, "eh, man, ye | oanna in this world have everything per fection." An English soientisb is authority for the | statement that there are five times as many j species of insects as there are species of all other living things put together. The oak tree alone supports 420 species of insects and 200 ■kinds make thoir home in the pine. An Austrian archduoheas, who is abbess at a oonvent at Prague and twenty-six years of age, ia about to be married. A salary of £6,000 a year is paid to the Abbess and the lucrative appointment is likely to go to the archduohess's sister, a girl of sixteen; Protessor Falb has issued a list of " critical | days" for 189-i—that is to say, days on whioh i violent storms or other serious forms of | abmospherio or terrestrial disturbance may be i expected. The days are given in the order of maximum disturbance—August 30, September [ 2'J, February 20, Maroh 21, August 1, April 6. January 21, May 5, and October 28., Thus I the most serious disturbance may be looked for | on August 30 and the slightest.on Ootober 28. 