STORMLIGHT, S OB? TLE IIIBILIST'S DOOM. A Story of 8witzerland and Russia. -B. LE. MUDDOOK, F.B.G.S. Jublshehd by Special Arrangement with aessrs. Ward, Look and Bowden, Ltd.) CHAPTER XIX. IN TIlE DEAD OF mIoHT. Joseph Courrette and Rebecca Cohen seemed to tacitly agree that what had passed between them on that winter's night as they sleighed home from the opera, should not be again referred to, at any rate for the present. About a week later, Solomon asked Joseph one morning if he had spoken to Re becca, meaning of course on the sub ject of marriage. ' Yes,' answered Joseph, ' I have.' ' And what did she say ?' ' Practically the same as you said, that it was impossible my wishes could be granted.' Solomon's face darkened as he asked-' Did she tell you anything ?' "No.' Nothing more was said, and Joseph refrained from seeking to fathom the mystery, much as he would have liked to have done so. But he felt that whatever explanation was to be given must come from her, as her father would not speak, though she showed no inclination to clear the mystery up. Courrette grew very restless and dissatisfied, and an almost unconquer able desire to wander away came upon him. For every time he looked upon Rebecca's beautiful face ho felt a pas sionate longing to possess her, and yet he knew that there was some bar rier or gulf between them which he could not break down or bridge over. If she had treated him with coolness, or indifference, he would have felt the situation less irritating. But she showed for him the greatest friendship and this only served to emphasize the mystery, so to speak. * .She loves me,' he thought,' and yet she tells me that it is impossible that she can be to me what I wish.' As time went on his position: grew more and more irksome and intoler able, and the cynicism that had sprung •upuin his heart when" he left Zurich strengthened. Occasionally there came over him a fit of desperation, and he felt that he must seek excitement excitement that would in a measure bring him forgetfulness. At this time he would have gone on any expedition, orhave entered on anycourse that would have given him the excitement he craved for. But for the present he was bound to submit to. a monotonous humdrum sort of life, that varied little from one dayto another. He had not written nor received a lino from his parents since he left Zurich, and he was determined not to write until he was in a more indepen dent position. He know, however, that they were going on well, because ho occasionally got a letter from his con fident and friend, Klingele, who gave him news. It must not be supposed that during all this time that the mission which had taken Joseph Courretto to Russia was aban doned. On the contrary, the plans of a deep and terrible conspiracy were being silently but surely matured, and Joseph learned a little from Solomon, and learned also that when the time came he might be called upon to take an active part. But what his part was to be he knew not, and he chafed under the suspense and fretted at the in activity he was compelled to endure. During the time he had been in Russia he had gained a great deal of information, for he was naturally of an inquiring turn of mind, and he saw .with his eyes and judged for himself. The result was that he came to under stand how it was that men sought to bring about a social upheaval in the country, where barbarism, injus t ice, cruelty, and corruption were ram pants and infamous laws pressed upon the toiling mxillions like yokes of iron, gtrinding into their very souls and em bittering their lives. The resun of all this was that the cause which he had ct first espoused, simply as one unin tereseted, but for the sake of finding diversion for his thoughts, came to be viewed by him in a totally different light. He was no longer an unin terested actor, but deeply absorbed in the great drama that was being played, and in which he . now longed to,,: take a prominent part. In fact, he resolved that he would not long be a subordinate, but a leader. He was animated by a spirit of enthusiasm, and he desiroil to throw himself into the breach, and bear the brunt of the battle. ' If I fall,' he thought, ' what does it matter ? There is no one to mourn for me save my good "parents, and time will soon assuage the poignancy of their grief.' He mentioned his feelings to Solomon Cohen, but the old man said to him '-Rostrain your ardour, my good boy. Our cause is only to be won by caution, watchfulness, and patience. Have patience, and depend upon it your chance will come, without patience we shall fail!' About a fortnight after this, in the dead of night, Joseph was disturbed from his sleep by a tapping at his door. It has already been mentioned that the room he occupied was at the very top of the house, and at the extreme end of a long stone corridor. It was quit> isolated from the other part of the house, and he had been put there as a matter of caution, because when Cohen wanted to make any communication to him he did it in this room, for the reason that there was no fear of intrusion, and appar ontly none of eavesdropping or obser cation. The tapping having been repeated several times, Joseph, at last thoroughly awakened, sprang from bed, slipped the latch, and throwing open the door beheld, as he expected to behold, Solomon Cohen, who was in dressing gown and slippers, and had a black velvet skull-cap on his head. He carried a horn lantern, in which a piece of candle was burning. ' I have something to say to you,' he whispered. Joseph went back into the room. Solomon paused on the threshold, strained his eyes with peering into the darkness that enshrouded the long passage, but saw no living thing and heard no sound. Then he entered the room and shut the door, but about a minute afterwards a figure, like a ghost, glided rapidly along the stone passage, and with no more noise than a shadow would have made. Adjoining Courrette's room was a small recess that contained a window, the only means of light gain ing access to the passage. Into this recess the figure glided, and then re mained still for some moments. The door of Courrette's room was a very ordinary one, and age and the effects of heat and cold, had warped the planks in their joinings, so that an eye applied to one of these chinks com maD6d a view of the greater. part of the chamber, while conversation car ried on inside, if not too low-, might be heard fairly well by an ear laid against the door. The figure would seem to have been aware of these facts, for presently it stepped out of the recess, and kneel ing on one knee looked through a chink. Solomon had particularly chosen this hour of the night in order, as he thought, not to incur the slightest risk. But his very excess of caution had run him into danger, and he was being watched. He placed his lantern on the table, and sat down on a chair. 'Joseph,' he began, 'your chance has came at last.' Courrette's face brightened up, and his eyes flashed with excitement as he exclaimed: ' That is good.1 ' I have received information from a secoret source,' Solomon continued, ' that the work of years is maturing, and a desperate attempt will uow be. made to bring happiness and peace to this unhappy country. A plot, ter rible in its object, but, alas ! rendered necessary by the iniquity of our ruler, is perfected, with the exception of a few details. And should that plot be successfully carried out, it will send a thrill through the whole of the civil ised world, and bring about a com plete revolution in the existing order of things in this country.' 'What is the object of the plot?' Joseph asked, as his breathing quick ened. Cohen appeared to hesitate for a few moments, then lowering his voice somewhat, he answered 'The death of the Czar.' Joseph shrank within himself at this announcement, and for an instant his resolution left him, while his face became deadly pale. Solomon noticed these signs, and said with some surprise 'Boy, thy heart is too soft. It should be steel. If you have scruples, withdraw before it is too late. It is better so, for desperate deeds require desperate men with nerves of ada mant.' Joseph drew himself up. "le seemed to think the remark somewhat re flected on his personal courage. And striking his breast with his hand, he exclaimed proudly ' You mistake me, sir. I may not be all to count. many years upon my head, but my heart has been hardened by rebuffs and disappointment, and I am ready and willing to throw myself into any cause, however desperate, so long as it halt justice on its side.' * I meant not to wound your sensi tiveness,' replied Cohen. ' Your courage is worthy of all praise, and, depend upon it, it will be put to the test. To- morrow, at midnight, a secrdt meeting willbe held inan obscure quar tar of the town to settle certain mat ters. Your presence there will be re quired, and you will be told off to some important duty. You will take your life in your hand, and it is pro bable. that it will be sacrificed, but you will die in a good cause, for we strike for freedom. We aim at rid ding millions of our fellows from a tyranny that is worse than death.' Joseph suppressed with an effort the excitement that agitated him, and said, firmly 'I have no fear of death. And I shall not shrink from doing that which I am appointed to do.' ' You are a 1?rave lad,' said Cohen,; as he rose and grasped the other's hand. ' The Lord bring you safe out of the danger,' he added with visible emotion. ' To-morrow at half-past eleven at night, you will leave the house, and on the opposite side of the street you will notice an apparently forlorn and wretched, draggled looking beggar woman, whose rags will scarcely hide. her nakedness. She will utter no word, but whither she goes you will follow. Do not lose sight of her. She will lead you to an old house about a mile from here on the quay. She will stop for an instant before the house, and then pass on. The entrance to the house is by a stone archway, which gives access to a passage. All will be in darkness, but you will pass in, and grope your way along for about a dozen yards. A voice will then ask, ' Who goes there ?' You will answer, Liberty. That is the pass word. The owner of the voice will then grasp your hand and lead you down some stone steps along another passage, and give you admission to a subterra nean vault where the meeting is to be ield. These are the instructions for your guidance. Do not forget them. And now go to sleep again, for it will soon be time to commeonce work.' As Cohen uttered these words the crouching figure at the door rose to its feet, and sped away as silently as it had come. Then all unconscious that he had been watched, and his words heard, the Jew went back to his room, and Joseph got into bed egain, but not to sleep. He was too excited for that, for he felt now that he was to become an actor in a ghastly tragedy, and that his own life would in all probability be sacrificed. It was no?-a pleasant reflection even for an enthusiast. At any rate, not for a man upon whom the years still pressed lightly. CHAPTER XX. vHE SILENT ONE. The next day Joseph went about his work in a dreary sort of way, as though his thoughts were elsewhere, as in truth they were. No man, much less a young one practically inexperienced in the ways of the world, can face a coming great event in his life, an event which he knows is full of deadly peril, without some feeling of trepidation. It is true that in Joseph's case there had come a certain amount of callousness through hisdouble disappointment, and he looked upon life, or at any rate thought so, with some indifference; but, nevertheless, he could not help inveighing against the harsh Fate *that had drifted him into his present position. During the day Rebecca learned from her father that there was to be an important secret meeting that night, at which Joseph was to attend. She heard this with pain and sorrow, and late in the afternoon she con trived to have an interview with Joseph. 'I hear,' she said, with ill-con cealed agitation, ' that we are on the eve of some terrible events, and that you are to play a part in them?' He could not help being struck by her kindly and anxious manner, and the. tenderness that was wanted to melt away his callousness was sup plied in her tone. He looked at her with almost tearful eyes as she a,,swered ' Yes, and possibly for me it means that my death-warrant will be signed.' She visibly shuddered,, and a look of alarm came over her face, as she answered with emotion .' This is dreadful. Why have you mixed yourself up with these affairs ?' He shrugged his shoulders, trying to look and feel indifferent, but he was conscious that his trial was a failure. 'What does it matter?' he ex claimed, with a cynical sneer. ' Matter ! It matters a great deal. You are a young man. Life lies be fore you, and you should not peril that life by interfering in affairs in which you have no personal interest.' He turned away for an instant to hide the sorrowful expression of his countenance, and then he exclaimed quickly and in an agitated manner 'Rebecca, I have been driven into this. It is better to die like a man even in the morning of one's life, than te live as a dog, merely to fetch and carry for other men's pleasure.' 'You have had a disappointment,' she said reprovingly, 'but what of that? Your disappointment is no thing compared to mine. But I want to live-to live to be revenged.' A sudden impulse that he could not resist caused him to quickly seize her hand, and exclaim passionately 'Rebecca, what is your disappoint ment? Why do you not tell me? For your sake I would go to the ends of the earth. If you have been wronged I would revenge you, or perish in the attempt, for I love you, and do what I will I cannot conceal my love. This playing at brother and sister is a mere farce.' She was touched to the heart's core, tears rolled down her cheeks, and in a voice that was half-choked, she re turned 'You must talk to me of love, for I can be nothing to you. I have told you that over and over again. Why, then, do you pain me by so repeatedly tonfessing your love ?' ' But you love me,' he cried. She struggled with herself, and, averting her face, said ' Yes, as a sister may love a brother, but that is all.' He let go the hold of her hand, and sighed and murmured 'I appreciate that, but it doesn't satisfy me.' (To be Continued.) 