Jtoicijrai Corporations. UNLEY, MONDAY, MJLY 21. Present—The Mayor (Mr. T. C. Holland) and Counoillors Motile, Hioks, Lapidge, MoGowan, Tweeddale, Whitehand, and Dring. Messrs. Green & Co. wrote, asking 4hat the metal now deposited on Owen-street he removed, as they were defining the street boundaries of Phillips's block of land at Goodwood. Mr. James Gemmell called attention by letter to the enoroaehment of the creek on his premises, about 4 ft. of soil being washed away, whioh be asked theCounoil to reinstate. Tbe MATOB suggested that he should bring an aotion against the oreek. The matter was referred to the Counoillors for the ward. Mr. Lacgsford wrote asking that a means of approach be provided to the block of shops on Unley-road occupied by Messrs. Brown and Co. and others, ps all the .flood waters of that part accumulated there. Request granted on the usual terms. Finance—Receipts, £542 16s. Id.; payments, £215 14s. 8d.: Bank balance, £806 lis. Id. .Councillor HICKS moved and GouneiUor TWEEDDALE seconded that 5 or £ chains of Thames-street, Clarence Park, south from Francis-street, be formed and made, and that tenders be called for the work. Carried. ' Councillor HICES moved and Councillor TwEgDDALS seconded that 3 chains of Davenport-terrace, Wayvdle, be formed and made, and that the work be done by station labour. Carried. Councillor TWEEDDALE moved and Councillor HICKS seconded -that «ix ohains of Frederick-street, Goodwood South, bs made. Carried. Councillor HICKS moved and Councillor TWEEDDALE seconded that the Town Clerk be instructed to write to the Commissioner of Public Works asking for a redaction of fares on the Nairne line between Adelaide and Goodwood. He drew attention to the anomaly of the present rates, whioh were the same between Adelaide and Mitcham and Adelaide and Goodwood. Carried. She spoke of the rights of women In words thatgIowe<Uand bumsd, She spoke of the worm oowatroddea. And said that the worm-had .turned; She proved by columns of figures That, clever as man could be. He bad not "a ghost of a show" With a woman who drinks Cliarlick'-s Tea. It is sold at Is. 8d., Is. 6d„ and la Sd., and absolutely pure. Thousands now daily enjoy It. N137C t q o o r T 