3STEE DX.ES : " 3hort, Sharp, Shiny." He (exhibiting sketch)—"It's the best thing I ever did." She (sympathetically)— "Oh, well, you mustn't let that discourage youi" Warm. Pleasant. Cyolorama. More suicides. Australian art. " Continentals." "Dick's" benefit. War in Honduras. Railways v. roads. A terrible tragedy. Ratal train accident. A Liberal manifesto. Shearers' Conference. International cricket. Suioide in Melbourne. " A Swiss Mountain."0 Accident to a princess. A bank clerk in trouble. Sir Harry Verneydead. New plays for Australia. A confederation of laboc. Typhoid fever in Victoria. "The Squatter's Pardon." Sydney rogues sent to gaoL " The Birthright Chamber." Ratal accident at Woodside. The Queen's throne imperilled. Attempted murder and suioide. A mayor dangerously wounded. Accident at an explosive factory. Further retrenchment in Queensland. A new " Central Hall" in Grenfell-street. State loans to farmers suggested in Victoria. A jeweller fined for deceiving his customers. Popular prices of admission to the Cyclo The Liberals are going to reform the Honse of Peers. Limelight views at the Exhibition gardens to-night. The " Birthright Chamber" is getting itself disliked. Sir Edwin Smith returned to Australia yesterday. Napoleon's ghost still haunts the battlefield of Waterloo. Lord Randolph Churchill was born on Feb ruary 13,1S19. Two men badly injured in an explosive fac tory yesterday. To-morrow is St. Valentine's Day, all in the morning prime. One hundred oase3 of typhoid fever in a week in Melbourne. Miss Flora L. Shaw has been booming the colonies in England. A congress of agricultural bureaus will be held on February 28. Good discussion on an Australian room by artists and " Natives." The Mounb Crawford polo team beat the Adelaides on Saturday. The Turks are trying to goad the Armenians into a etate of rebellion. A commercial treaty is being arranged be tween Italy and France. Over £50,000 worth of damage done by the recent Gippsland floods. The President of Honduras has scored a vic tory over the insurgents. Mr. John Dunn, of Mount Barker, was born on February 13, 1802. The Victorian Premier declines to touch the question of railway freights. • An Australian-bred mare was recently sold at San Francisco for £1,500. The Himalaya only took 30 J hours to reach Largs Bay from Melbourne. A daughter of Princess Beatrice badly in jured by a fall from a horsa Fourteen deaths from typhoid fever were ■reCo^dedri'n'Melhdufhe yesterday. A meeting to arrange for a benefit to "Dick" Whittington will be held to- night. Many happy returns of the day to Mr. John Dunn. May he reach the century 1 Sir. Arthur Sullivan has entered a colt for the Two Thousand Guineas'of 1895. Australian artists in great force at the Aus tralian Natives' Association last night. The late Fred Lesiie started bi3 theatrical oareer at £1 and finished at £100 a week. An original Australian drama will be pro duced at the Bijou Theatre on Monday next. The Hon. Duncan Gillies will be entertained by the Ministry at Parliament House to-day. The Victorian Government intend to put down the distribution of property by lottery. A number of burglars were sentenced to long terms of imprisonment in Sydney yester day. The Alleemeiner Denbscher Verein are putting up spacious club premises in Grenfell street. "A trip to the old country in twenty minutes," starting from the Exhibition gardens , to-night. The labe Fred Leslie considered Sydney a beautiful spot and its bay "a mosb perfect backcloth." The new Russian consul in Melbourne is afraid be won't be able to do much business with Adelaide. Miss Shaw's paper on Australia was charac terised as " a moat thoughtful and statesman like production." Mr. Walter Bentley will appear as Sam Short in Mr. J. H. Lyons's drama "The Squatter's Pardon." Mr. John Burns says the attitude of the " Birthright Chamber" is suoh as to imperil the stability of the Queen's throne. The Financial Chronicle says that during the last three years the national debt of New Zealand has been slyly increased by £1,500,000. Ravenstein's estimate of the earth's fertile region in square miles is 2S,269,200; steppe, 13.001,000; deserts, 4,ISO,000; polar regions, 4,8SS,000. Some premises at Cornhill (London) were re cently sold at a fabulous price, equivalent to £62 per foot; forty years ago the same land was bought at £8 a foot. "Young gentlemen," said an earnest Hibernian speaker, addressing a company of oollege students, "if you have a spark of genius in you, water it!" It always bothers a Frenchman who is learn ing English to read one day that a murder has been committed and the next day that the murderer has been committed. An Army Temperance Association for the United Kingdom has been formed, with the Duke of Connaught as president and Lord Roberts as ohairman of council. Seventeen years ago a vessel laden with valuable machinery sank near Liverpool and was supposed to have been swallowed up in a quioksand. Recently the machinery was washed up on the beach. In the Swaheli tongue, whioh is the Lingua" Eranca of Africa, the name of a country begins with "U," of an individual with "M," of individuals in the plural with " Wa," and of a language with "Ki." Thus Uganda is the country, Maganda an individual of the country. Wagandaisthe name of the people of the country,'and Kigaada is the name of their tongue. , 