PABLliMENT. ? *^ ? ? Tuesday, Feshuaby 27. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. THE 'ADJOURNMENT' MOVED. ' CENTRAL DIVISION LEASES. MR COPELAND'S VIEWS. PILOTAGE FEES. The Speaker toot the Chair at 4.30 p.m. 1 A LAND QUESTION. Mr. Morgan moved the adjournment of the House for the purpose of calling ai tention to the necessity for legislation dealing with the extension of leases in the.central land division of the colony. He said the question affected the people so generally that he trusted some expression ot opinion would be given to urge the Minister to attend to the matter. He hoped to see legislation dealing with the subject brought in before the clo8e of this session, as about 32,000 men were employed on the leases generally. He had found that if the Central Division leases were extended by one-half employment would be given to some 13,000 men. He -would not propose to name any time of extension, he would, leave that for the House to say. Unless this Parliament took the subject up it would be 12 months before it could be satisfactorily dealt with. He urged that the extension should be given as legislation had been brought in to relieve the bants. In the Central Division there were 752 leases, and on 411 of these money had been advanced to the extent of .£15,000,000. Unless the legislation he had in dicated were introduced there would be, he said, a far greater disaster and depression than there was before the banking measures were passed. His only desire was to have the welfare of the country looked after, and two years ago he had waited on the Government with a deputation to ask for what he was now bringing forward. TT»R estimate of then: en who would be given work if the extensions were made was not at all too large, and he asked members to give the matter their careful consideration. Mr. Hatnes congratulated the mover on his change of front. He pointed out that at all meet ings of free selectors are resolutions always carried in favor of the total termination of Cen tral Division leases. He was entirely in favor of throwing open the whole of the Central Division leases. Mr. Crick did not think this question should be dealt with in a piece meal manner at the i'agg end of Parliament, He, however, considered that the act should be amended so as to take away the power of the land board to grant any further leases of the public estate. It would be dan gerous for the Government to deal with leases in dividually, because the question would have to be dealt with in an exhaustive manner. He was against the extension of leases in the Central Division, but they should not allow free selection before survey. Mr. Chanter did not think that anything could come of the present debate in this Parliament. In his motion Mr. Morgan had asked for nothing definite regarding the Central Division leases, and he (Mr. Chanter) thought that nothing would be done until the question was before the people in July next. Mr. Copeland agreed that what might be desirable in one part of the country would not be so in another. Many of the people on the land came over here from Victoria, and were profes sional selectors. It was through these people going about selecting for the purpose of re-selling each year that the large estates grew. Afterwards the time in which they could transfer was increased to three years, and then to five years. The -transfers still went on, and he would like to make the term 2S years, during which the land must be occupied by a family, and i£ a transfer was made it should be only to another resident. Any bill dealing with the question would have to be a comprehensive one. He would never consent to throwing an acre of the Central Division, open without havin g radical alterations made in the land policy. He said little genuine settlement had gone on, and the land had been mostly dummied, so there should be no haste in throwing open the whole of the Central Division. Of the selectors GO per cent, had not one-tenth of the land they possessen under cultivation, and there was enough. scop= surely for reasonable agriculture. He would in sist on there being finality of selection, which would be one of the great levers to got the people on the land. Before there was any general alienation he would like to see 28 years' leases in troduced, and tihere should also be -a classification of the land, much of iiyiot being worth the .£1 per acre which was demanded for it. They should reduce the price of this land, as much in the Central Division was not worth 10s per acre, and where land was of a superior nature the price should be increased. He had no power to interfere with the rents, and he often regretted that he had not. The system of homestead, snow, and inferior land leases should also be altered, and people given some encouragement to go on them. He also referred to the mallee lands, and said there were millions of ajres for which the Government could not gc-t tenants at 2s 6i.per square mile. They were absolutely worthless, and were breeding. grounds for rabbits, wild dogs, and and other vermin. The people should have every encouragement given them to take upVthis land, End every right to their improvements. (Hear, hear.) These were as fine wheat and vine growing lands as there were on the face of the earth. It was an absolute impossibility, he said, for this Parliament to deal with the. question of the leases. From his experience he knew if he introduced a bill next day there would be pages and pages of amendments, and it would not be possible to get it through this session. He would not be a party to robbing one side to give to anobher, and the threat of being thrown out would have no effect what ever on him. He would like to see the runs divided and thrown open in measured portions; but that would require a bill to be passed for it. The Government could only do one thing at once now, and would only, be able to do so until the system of committees in force in America and England was introduced. He did not see how this Parliament could close for two months yet, with the Estimates and the Mining Bill before it, and if he had a ghost of a chance, and he could get an order of lease, he would intro duce a bill dealing with the leases. If the House would assist the Government, the Government would not be backward in fi Tiding work to do. He was of opinion that if the leases were extended it would give more employment of labor. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Hates said the* people would not accept the Minister's policy. . They knew the necessity for getting to the valuable lands, and not leaving them locked up. It was time the land locked ap for sheep and cattle was thrown open for settle ment, and the monopoly should be put an end to. He considered that by finality of lease and fixity of residence they would get genuine settlers. The land question should be left to the next Parlia ment. Mr. R. B. Wilkinson said the question was the settlement of people on the lands to the greatest advantage of everyone. He did not think the demand for land was sufficiently great to necessi tate the throwing open of the Central leases. The pastoral occupation produced half the exports of the country, and.they should be careful in interfer ing with a matter of this land. Half of the men ?who were clamoring that- this ? land should be thrown open foj; selection wanted it simply .for speculative purposes. - Mr. O'Sulmvan said there were hundreds of men waiting for the lands to be thrown open for selection all over the country. He did not see why the hinds in the Central Division -should not be classified, and ao divide the agriculturalists from the pastoralista. Mr. aBeckett hoped the Minister would be able to deal with these leases as he had promised, Mr. Dowel supported the proposal advocated in the motion. ? , ? Mr. CstncKSEANK thought the. debate would prove a useful one, as it might foreshadow a land policy on which they could go to the country. Mr. Sheldon said he could not back up the member moving the adjournment, but he hoped one of the first pieces of legislation introduced into the new Parliament would be an .Amending I Land'Bill. Any Minister introducing a bill that j would prevent the fraudulent use of land and I ensure genuine settlement would be supported by I the whole of the House. Mr. Donald said that if a bill were introduced this session dealing, with the leases it would be heaping calamity on calamity. Much o£ the land in the Central Division would not be fit for agri cultural settlement ' for another hundred years, and in all fairness the squatters should have an extension on half their leases of 20 years. ? Mr. Hutchinson said they should not alienate the land, which was the common property of the people. He considered the Minister had made a very lame defence of his position that night. Mr. Moegan replied at some' length to the arguments used against his proposal, and said he would rest satisfied with the promise of the Minister that he would come down with such a bill as he had indicated. The motion for adjournment was negatived on the voices. THE PILOTAGE RATES. Mr. Molesworth moved — 'That, in the opinion of this House, the excessive rates of pilotage now levied at the ports of Sydney and Newcastle are seriously detrimental to the com- j mereial prosperity of the country, and should be | considerably reduced forthwith.' He said the present charges were exorbitant, and were used as a reproach against the harbor all over* the world. Since 1858 there had been no alteration in the fees, although the times were so altered, and the work of pilotage was much easier now. lie men quotea the charges made to the Jr. ana O., Orient, and North German Lloyd's boats, which he compared with those made in Victoria, South Australia, Queensland, and Tasmania. Shipping had been kept out of Newcastle by the excessive charges made there.- This was the most expensive port of the world, standing out above all others for charges, although it was a most easy one to enter. Pilotage in and out was charged together with light 'dues and harbor re movals. A large number of captains were now becoming exempt simply through the extrava gant charges, and there was a consequent loss of revenue. Higher freights had now to be paid for wool than had been paid for sometime past, and it was solely owing to the high rates charged here for pilotage. It should be reduced and a maximum, fixed. The pilotage revenue is now more than twice the expenditure, and this he thought was never intended. He considered the rate should be reduced from 4d to 2d per ton, with a maximum of from .£15 to .£20 fixed. A vessel going to a second port in the colony should only be charged half rates. (Sear, hear.) One of the best things to revive the coal trade would be the reduction of the pilotage rates to attract shipping here, and reductions should also be made in the case of shipping pnt in here to repair damages or refit, or taking shelter through stress of weather. It would be in the best interests of the country to reduce the charges. Sir George Dibbs accused the Opposition of wasting the time of the House, and said they pre vented the Government doing what they required very often. He had been the means of getting the rate of pilotage at Newcastle reduced. The hon. member seemed to forget that the mailboats he had named drew large sums each year from the country as mailboat subsidies, and there had been no want of tonnage here. He could say that no bill of this kind would be introduced this session. The Treasurer already had a bill pre pared dealing with the question, but there was no hope of passing it. In Sydney and Newcastle .£22,000 had been received in pilotage and other fees and the expenditure of the department was .£12,000. A large cost was incurrad for dredges in keeping channels clean and no charge was made for that. Vessels were now boarded eight or 10 miles off the harbor. The pilot accommoda tion offered shipping here was the finest in the world, and he had compared it with that of Liverpool and other ports in England. The Go vernment should obtain from vessels which em ployed pilots a fair charge for pilot services. Big ships should pay for services rendered to them. Exemption as first' intended to apply to colonial going ships, a freetrade Government, however, extended to foreign ships. This was the easiest port to navigate and the best lighted harbor in the world. The charges in the Port of Sydney ' were less than those in any other port. The question was should the ships -using these lights pay something towards the cost of the works. Fourpence a ton for old-fashioned ships was not too much, but now ships could bring themselves into port, and it was reasonable to reduce the pilotage rates. If this was done they must put on a distinct harbor rate, so that after using1 the port ships should pay for services ren dered. The time had arrived in this, colony regarding the shipping charges when ships that enjoyed the freights and earnings of the cost of these large works, and if they reduced the pilotage he would go in for some rate that would give this interest. However, he saw no hope of any useful legislation being passed by the House because hon. members were too fond of giving oratorical stamp speeches. Mr. Davis agreed with the Premier in the main, -but he thought they should prohibit any foreign going steamship entering the port under the exemption flag, then they could reduce the pilotage charges to something like a fair mini mum. Mr. Scott moved the adjournment of debate. The debate was adjourned till April 3rd. ADJOURNMENT. At 11.10 p.m. the House adjourned. 