THE LIMITS OF OBEDULITY. Amokost the developments — we can hardly call them intellectual — of the present day is a persistent raking amongst the dust and ashes of the past. This operation, which 6eeins dear to the minds of a host of new lights, takes many forms, but the most persistent and plausible one is the production of the old superstitions for the special Attention of the modern inquirer, on the ground that they are supported by a great deal of evidence. Amongst these things we have our old friends' the ghosts and what are supposed to be ghostly manifestations, such as the rattling of chains, the throwing of stones, and the breaking of windows, as if a defunct glazier had resolved to do the trade a good turn. Amongst the rehabilitated ones is 'old Geppoey, a something which troubled the Wesley family a great deal at one time by throwing things about, knocking on the doors and even on the bedsteads when the family wanted to go to sleep. The London Spectator thinks that this is one of the things that are indicative of the existence of not very bod but still naughty spirits, who go about playing pranks in a very unpleasant fashion. Those who bave read the history of the Weslet family, and paid careful attention to what was going on in it when the manifestations took place, can form a shrewd guess as to who was the spirit, but even if there \- was no such hint it would be a vary loose way of reasoning to assume that * unir-it was at work because there .is no explanation as to how the noises were made. This is but one amongst many things of the l(ind. The Cock lane ghost, for example, which Dr. Johnson thought should be inquired into has been also rehabilitated, though that was amongst the patent frauds of the day. In this fashion belief after belief is being brought (o the f roa^ on the plea that it was once held by a large number of persons who could not all have been fools, and who would not bave believed unless there was a great deal of evidence to canoe them to do so. This is, of course, begging the whole ease. As a matter of pure history as well as a matter of purs reason, a belief is bone the more reason able because it \» held by a nation, or Several nat4ona,jb»»t; on the contrary, it is rather ground for supposing that it has grown up without any real foundation in iact We might giyai hundreds of examples of this truth, | mobMtbo universal belief, in ancient j days in fauns, nymphs, satyrs, dryads, and gods of all sorts, sues, and degrees. The most striking example of a wide spread, almost universal, belief is to be found in witchcraft, which has a mass of evidence on iu side which may be said to be overwhelming, from one point of view. Grave judges, -men of great ability and learning, men who bad studied evidence and were accus tomed to know what was proof and what was supposition, sent thousands of hapless creatures, mostly old women, to the stake, for offences which 6eem to os in these days too absurd for even casual investigation. Shall we, in consequence of this, sit gravely to inquire whether old women can fly on broom-sticks, go to sea in a sieve, kill peoplft by sticking pine in a waxen image, or cause a cow to go dry by burning some hairs from its tail t Yet, if we are to go bv merely widespread belief, why .should we refuse to .accept universal testimony, going ' back to remote ages, for the truth of witch craft, when we accept much less evi dence in regard to ghosts and flying chairs and tables T Professor Huklby, in a recent letter to the London Timu, has declared that science does not care to investigate such things, and has added that he trusts that his spirit -will have something better to do than go about playing, larks with people's furniture. For this he has been denounced as a 'scientific Pharisee.' Hew said to be one who declines to be open to conviction to believe that there is anything new, but stands on the house-tops and repeats his old formulas. How far this repre sents, the attitude of mind of a man like Professor Hcxlet. it boots not now to inquire, as his reputation will take care of itself, but it does seem to be desirable to show where lurks the fallacy on which this plea for reopening every subject is based. It is based on a misconception of the whole case. Emebson has said that what we do not know should not make us doubt what we do know. Thus, if we know that two and two make four, we shall not doubt that because we do not know how much thousands added to thousands amount to. In like fashion, there are many phenomena that we' cannot explain, some that may uever be ex plained, but that does not. alter the fact that we do know that a whole host of beliefs have beqn and are delusions or frauds. For example, everybody in Greece knew that serpents put on tbe appearance of beautiful young women, and were called Lamias ; and Pbilostratcs tells us that the philosopher Apollontos detected one, and caused her to vanish in the presence of many thousands of persons. With Professor Huxley, we say that we do not want to inquire into such cases, even if alleged to occur at the present day,. because we know that they mast be frauds or delusions. A man need not be a fool because he is not a Pharisee. He is not bound to accept and waste his time in investi gating every tale of wonder told, for the excellent reason that he knows that they come all within certain categories. Thus, when a book is written to show that Napoleon 'must' be the Destined Monarch of the World, he knows at once how the alleged proof is made out. The whole thing lies in regarding all that makes for a given belief,' and counting nothing ' that goes, against it. In this fashion the British are proved to belong to the Lost Tribes, it is shown that Bacon wrote 'Shakespeare,' and that Campbell did not writ* 'The Exile of ' Erin,' but an impudent Irish literary thief. So with ghosts and otherspiritual matters, such as the materialisation of Helen of Troy and Cleopatra, in, which some people believe; They have always an answer. If the medium is seized and found to be Helkm, then it is declared that the spirit has vanished into the medium. In regard to ghosts, too, for which there is aaid to be much evidence, no one notices the negative side, which is that whenever the oases are fairly investigated they are always found to be untrue, as Dickens learned after years of inquiry. In short, there are certain things into which men of sense and ability to weigh evidence do not want to inquire, but it does not follow that because they do not waste time in this fashion their minds are hardened against all new discoveries. Tbe literary critic discards the false poet in favour of the true, but he does not say that no new poet will arise. Appointment. — Hr. Warden J. F. Makinson ta be a warden of the Lachlan and Tumutand Adelong mining districts. DEATH OF MISS PRESTON. — It is with very earnest regret we have to record the death of Miss Lydia E. Preston, eldest daughter of Mr. John Preston, on Sunday evening last, at the early age of 23. Miss Preston had been a long sufferer from tubercular complaint, and the imme- diate cause of death was inflammation of the brain. All that medical skill could do had been availed of, even to a visit to Dr. Fitzgerald, of Melbourne. The funeral took place on Tuesday afternoon, and was largely attended, including most of the leading residents of the town and district. The remains were taken into St. John's Church, and from thence to the Church of England portion of the Burrowa cemetery— the Rev. F. Rich- mond officiating in the church and at the grave. Burbowa Municipal Council. — At the usual fortnightly meeting of the Municipal Counoil, the Mayor (Mr. Isaac Steven son, J. P.), and Aldermen Ryan, Campbell, and Patterson, being present, imme diately the minutes of the previous meeting naa D«en reaa ana connrmea tbe Council adjourned until next night of meeting, in sympathy to Alderman Preston'* bereavement, ? in the death of his eldest daughter. The Council Clerk was instructed to forward a letter of condolence to Alderman Presten and family. DEATH OF MR. JAMES QUINLAN.— Mr. James Quinlan, landlord of the Queen's Arms' Hotel, Burrowa, died on Thursday morning, about 7 o'clock, after an illness of more than four weeks, from inflamma- tion of the lungs, following an attack of influenza. The deceased was a liberal, good-hearted man, and the announcement of his death will be learnt with regret by all who knew him. A widow and family are left. The funeral will take place to-day, at 4 o'clock. Fir Osbauw1 Cncrn.— Fits Gerald Brothers' great circus will perform . in Burrow* again to-night The merit and management of this circus needs no comment to recommend the perfurmanee to the public The lion-tamer ia still a feature of the show, and the horses are even better than of old. Then there is the charm of listening to the delightful music of the premier band, under the direction of Herr von der Mehden, the greatest cornet soloist in Australia. In another part of this issue will be found an entertaining account of the per formance and performers. Important to Butchebs.— The pro visions of the ' Noxious Trades and Cattle Slaughtering Act,' which came into force on Saturday, are of considerable interest to slaughter-men. All alanghter yards must now be registered, and a fee of £5 is payable fur registration if tbe premises are within a municipality, or S-% if outside municipal limits. A separate application must be made for each yard. AH licensed premises must be fenced. The license will be in force from 1st September to 31st August. A number of special regulations have been passed, letting forth the conditions to be observed iu tbe construction of slaughter houses, and yard arrangements. - Seuctiohs.— There were no selections taken up at the -Local Land Office on Thursday. Dbpabtmantal Aid. — TKo Board of Health has granted £3 to the Devine family, compensation for the destruction of household articles during the late diphtheric outbreak. Doa Bbgistrition. — Owners of dogs are reminded that they should reirister th m during September. Forms of regis tration must be 6 lied in and handed to the Clerk of Petty Sessions. The police have been instructed to strictly enforce the provisions of the Act. Forms of registration may be obtained at this omce. Registration of Dogs. — Owners of dogs may be interested to know that a circular has been issued by the Depart ment of Justioe to the various Cs'.P.S., intimating that the section of the Dog Act dealing with the question of registra tion is to be more strictly adhered to than has been the case in the post Formerly, owners were allowed to register their dogs at any police station that seemed most convenient to call at, but attention was called to the matter in Parliament, and the result is the circular referred to, which notifies for public in formation that dogs mast be registered at the police station nearest to which it is intended that the animals shall bs kept. Special Area.— The following portion of Crown Lund is declared to be set apart as a 'Special Area,' within which it shall not be lawful to conditionally pur chase morn than 320 acres nor less than 62 acres ; and the price shall be £2 10s. per Bore for conditional purchases under sections 20 and 42 of the Crown Lands Act of 1884, the deposit money 5s. per acre, and the instalments of balance of purchase money 2s. 6d. per acre ; and on conditional purchases without residence, the area of which shall not exceed 320 acres nor be less than 62 acres, the price per acre, deposit, and all subsequent instalments shall be double those stated above :— No. 21,248. County of Harden, parish of Cunningham, containing an area of 664 acres. The Crown Lands within the boundaries of measured portions 271 of 80 acrea, 272 of 60 acres, 273 of 82 acres, 274 of 91 acres, 275 of 73 acres, 276 of 63 acres, 277 of 62 aores, 278 of 60 aores, 270 of 61 acres, and 280 of 62 acres. The above will be open to selection on the 25th October next. Revocation of Temporary Reserve. — The temporary reserve fiom sale here under described has been revoked,— the land not to be sold till after tbe expiration of sixty day* from this date (25th August) : —No. 389 for water supplj , notified 11th March, 1868. Oounty of Harden, parish of Cunningham, about 640 acres. The Crown LnndB within the following boun daries: Commencing at aa acple-tree narked b with broad-arrow over and x under, on the right bank of tbe Jajionn Creek, at the junction of a small gully with said creek, and situated about 1 mile below tho confluence of Cunningham Creek with the JUgiong Creek ; and bounded thence on the north,. by aline bearing west 1 mile ; thence on the west by a line bearing south 1 mile ; thence on the south by a line hearing east to the Jugiong Creek ; and on the east by that creek upwards, to the point of commence ment. The above is included in special area 21,248, now proclaimed. DEATH OF A JUROR.— One of the jury- men, named Cotton, in the Speight v. Syme case, died on Monday night after a brief illness. Mr. Justice William an- nounced on Tuesday that his death would not interfere with the progress of the case, as under the Juries Act of 1890 he could proceed with 11 jurors. The Parramatta coroner has held an inquest on the body of the late Mr. Alexander Sutherland Low at Merrylands. Mr. Charles Jones was present on behalf of the family, and Mr. W. H. Pigott represented the Mutual Life Assurance Company of New York and the Australian Widows' Insurance Company, in which deceased had insured two weeks before his death for £8000. Four doctors were examined as to the cause of death, and Mr. W.S. Hamlet, Government Analyst, as to the contents of deceased's stomach. Dr Bowman stated that he had cautioned deceased about the weak state of his heart, but never told him he had heart disease. The jury returned a verdict that death was due to syncope, caused by over-fatigue and shovk through going into a cold bath. Mr. Low's fine house and grounds were conspicuous objects from the southern railway line. Merrylands is a little on this side of Granville. An open verdict was returned at the inquest concerning the fire which occurred at Messrs. John Lawler and Sons' premises, George-street, on the 1st inst. Mr. William J. Comins, an old and respected resident of Yass, died on Friday afternoon. At a big meeting at the Sydney Town Hall a resolution to the effect that the steps hitherto takeu to preserve order bad been insufficient and that the Government be asked to proclaim all camps of men actine in combination for illegal purposes, ni . ar ied unanimously, and a deputation wai «i-poiuted to present the resolution to the Colonial Secretary. Learmont and Co., Burrowa, are ap pointed sole agents for the Shngun blend of pore tna, orders taken by them in Burrowa fi.r the company. This is a delicious blended tea, far surpassing any we have ever had in stock at tbe same price. We are selling it at Is. 64 per Ib. , with liberal reductions for any quantity over 12 Ihs. The Shogun, like the dead Csssar, will plsy a useful part if only to protect the people of Australia against the imposition of not only bad tea but in difiarent value for their money, so we resurrect him and put him on a tea packet, and the public may rest assured that no better value in Tea can be produced than that which bears the registered .brand of the ' Shogun,' with Learmont and So. for sole agents in Burrowa. Only la. ltd. perlb.-worth2s. 