WHO BODE VIXEN ? ,o BY D. GAnCoA. " You're never surprised at anything, eh, lad? Well, I used to say the eamountil But there, suppose I toll you the story. S"It's nigh on twelve years ago that the event I'm going to relate to you occurred, but the re I collection of it is as fresh in my nlind as though it had only happened yesterday. "At that time I was acting as private trainertoSquire Alton, and a better, kinder, ortruer-hearted English gentleman I never wish' to see. Things had gone very bad with us all that season, and Iknow that the squire, who was a heavy bettor, must have dropped it to a tidy tune, but I had no idea matters were as queer as they were. However, I was soon to find out. "I was sitting in my enuggery one evening, musing gloomily enough over our past non success, and despondently wondering if the luck ever would change, when a rap came at thedoor, and in response to my mechanically uttered -Come in,' there entered the squire himself. "To say I was surprised is but to give a .faint idea of my astonishment, for. 'I had thought him in London, two hundredtmiles away. He smiled as he walked across the room to greet me-such a wan, weary smile it was, too, the mere ghost of his old-time jo. viality. "'You didn't expect to see me, did you, Brown?' he said, as we shook hands. -'But there, I know you did not. You woa't bd surprised, however, when I tell you my reason for coming.. Just give me a brandy and soda, and I'll explain all about it.' "He emptied the glass at a gulp. "'Now," he said, as he put it down, ' let's get to busineses. In the first place, what should you think Vixen could win the Larkshire Cup with ?' " ' Eleven' stone seven,' I answered promptly. "'Right,' he said; 'and I think so too. Well, here'-and he drew a slip of paper from hispocket-book-' are the weights, and she has only eleven atone to carry.' "'Why, squire," I cried, eagerly, 'it's a. moral- that is) of course, if you ride your self.' "' Oh, I shall ride her, never fear;' and he added, grimly, 'I've too much at stake to be out of that.' "For a few moments he romained silent, gazing sadly into the fire; then he spoke again. "'Brown,' he said, 'I darosay you're wondering what on. earth I wanted to Idave town for simply to bring these weights down, when you might have seen them for yourself in a fow hours' time.. But that is not all. I have f something else to tell you. As you know, I've f been losing heavily all the season, and the 1 defeat of Red Boy last week was a fair facer. 1 Racing debts, though, I might have managed, I but yesterday I'received the news that a mine in which I held an enormous number of shares c is practically worthless. To cut a long story I short, the plain fact is that I'm on the verge of rain, and but one chance is left me of extricating r myself from my difficulties. The Larkshiro Cup I must win, and Vixen is the mare that must do the trick.' "'She can, and shall.' I exclaimed, ex. f citedly. " ' Well, I hope so,' he said, quietly-' not so a much for my own sake, as for hers;' and I saw a tear steal slowly down his cheeks. "I knew whom he meant. Two great I troubles it had been the squire's fate to battle withduring his lifetime. The first had come I years and years before, when his twin brother, to whom he was passionately attached, had disappeared, and never since been seen or I heard of. The second was the"death'of hild wife, who, dying in child-birth, had be. queathed him as a heritage of love Alice, his t golden-haired, blue-eyed daughter. It was of 1 her he was thinking. Gambler he might be, and as a gambler he could meet the blow; but I that she-his darling, the core of his heart- a Ah, I understood how he felt just then. "Long through the night-far, indeed, into 1 the early hours of the morning-we sat in I earnest conversation, discussing the plan of c campaign, and when at length the squire took his leave, there was oven a trace of the by gone light-heartedness in his ' Good-bye, t Brown; we shall weather the storm yet.' " You can imagine mine was a prettyan xious time during the next month. Luckily, Vixen for once was inclined to have a long spell of good temper, and do-progressed in her training all that could be desired. During the last week t the squire came down to put her through her I winding-up gallops, and her ladyship fairly s delighted us both. I "'We shall do it, Brown,' snid he, on the s morning before the race, as we watched the a stable-lad lead her away; 'she'll win in a g canter to-morrow. I shall run up to town this t afternoon and have another ' monkey' on. r Might as well be hung for a sheep as a lamb.' I "Itwas a glorious day, and as I cantered a towards ther course, even the knowledge of what was at stake failed to stay my rising spirits. - "I thought to have found the squire there, but not seeing him, I strolled into the ring to v hear how the betting was going. r Vixen was second favorite, the leading posi- I tion on the lists being hold by Good Lad, a t clover chaser, I knew, and the only animal I t believed to threaten danger. "The big event was set for three o'clock, and half an hour before that time I made my r way towards the paddock for the purpose of 0 putting the finishing touches upon the mare. " I had still seen no signs of the squire, and certainly felt somewhat uneasy, but no thought of any ascident entered my mind. Scarcely d had I entered, however, when I saw a tole graph boy approach ig, and in another moment I had torn the message open and know the truth. "Papa danugercusly ill," it said. ' Getanother jockey.' o"That was all; but it was enough, I tell B you, to completely stun me for the time being. 'Get another jockey'! Whero? In her bad g fite Vixen was a sho-devil. With the squire she seldom belied her name, but in the hands of a stranger she was a mad horse. Like one in a dream I walked over to whore the lad waslead. her round. "' It's all up, Dick,' I said, whilo the lump in my throat seemed to grow bigger and bigger; 'the squire's ill- can't ride-and- " ,I stopped suddenly, as I caught the ex pression on my liscenor's face. IHis eyes were starting from their sockets, and hlis wholo e expraession was one of frightened surprise. With anexclamation of impatience, I turned on my heel, and than I, too, stood rooted to the spotwith astonishment, for there, in front of me, looking like one just risen from the dead, was he whom but a fewmomouts before I hadl believed to be lying dangerously ill, perhaps dying, miles and miles away-the squire himself ! "'Squiro Alton!' I gasped. " ? made no reply. Colorless as a corpse, the awful pallor of his face shown up all the the more vividly by the bright blue of his racing jacket-for he was fully equipped for riding- ' he stood for more than a minute like a statue of stone. Suddenly a convslaive shudder agitated hisl limbs, and then, his countaunanc still wear- i ing the same oxprosslonless stare, he strode 1 slowly past me towards Vixen, owung hlimself i into the saddle, and cantered away to the starting post. "What did it mean? Here in my hand lay the telegram telling me af his illness, and yet, ,not three hundred yards away, I could see him, in the dear old Alton colors, sitting Vixen with thb~easy grac I knew so well. Was I mad or I dreaming? I "I watched the fieold sno they drew into line, saw the flag fall, and they wore oiff. , "A stiff bit of country was the Larkehire 1 Cup conrse-three miles and a hltf nearly of p?nuino Iunting plough, ditch,' wood and watLer Something in red shot out from the roet as they landed in a line over bhe first obstacle, and made the running in adesrnco of r, the favorite; King Tom,' a slashing chesttut, \- coming third, and Vixen next.'. "By the stand, the firat time, the order oftste it loading quartet was unchangcd, but thedrest of |- the field had dropped back, and were evidently it already out of it. Half way through theplough, the second tiine, the leader came back to his a" horses clean pumped unt, Good Lad now going | on first, with King Tom- next, 'and 'Vixen h' snaking along third, a couple of lengths behind. "The next jump, a double post and rails, t proved fatal to the chance of King.Tom, he a over-jumping and coming a fearful cropper. f There were now but a few small fences between r that and the water,.and my heart gave a throb of hope as I saw the beautiful long, low action of Vixen take her stealing up- to the quarters of the favorite. "Fifty yards from the crucial tesb they were neck and neck. I saw the squire sit down to ride; I saw the brilliantly-tinted jackets rise in n the air; there was a wild yell from a multitude of throats, and as Vixen came cantering up the straight alone, I knew it was all over-Good 5 Lad was down, and the cup was all our own! "Wilh a cry of delight I turned towards the a weighing-room. I had some little distance to go, and as I reached the entrance I met the t squire coming out. "'So it has come off !' I cried. 'I know it would.' "He never spoke. With the same rigid expression upon his faceas it had worn before the race, his eyes staring into vacancy, he t blushed past me, and in another moment had' mingled with the crowd and disappeared. '" It was beyond my comprehension, and until' the mystery was unravelled I could not rest. By the next train I went up to town, and pro I ceeded to the squire's residence. I asked for, his daughter. She came, a look of intense anxiety upon herfeatures. I 1'Well,' she said, 'how is it? Have you won?' " Won!' I repeated, with surprise. t Why, haven't you heard? Of course we have. Vixen I came hom@ alone, and the. souire never rode a finer race in his life." " 'The squire !" she cried, astonished in her I turn. "'' Yes,'I said; 'but I couldn't make him I out. He never spoke a word to me all the time I he was on the course.' t "'The squire !' she again repeated. 'Impos sible ! Why, papa is lying ill at this very c moment in his room. He has never left hi bed since early this morning I' "But I tell you'--, I commenced, and r then suddenly stopped, while for the second time that day I almost doubted my own sanity, c for the door had been noiselessly opened, and n there, just inside the room, stood Squire Alton I looking his old-time self indeed, the rudtly o bronze of vigorous health on his cheeks, and his eyes as keenly bright as of yore. "Fer a few moments he stood, evidently b enjoying our astonishment; then his voice t1 broke thespell: ti "Do not be afraid,' he said; and now I noticed that the ring of his tones differed from 11 my old master's. ' I am no ghost, yet neither p am I Squire Alton. But sit dowin, young lady, j and you, sir, and I'll explain the mystery p fully.' "Mechauically we obeyed, and he followed Ii suit. "' And now,' he said, addressing Miss Alton, c 'did you never, hear of your father's twin rI brother-your Uncle George ?' p "' Why, yes,' said Miss Alton, 'many times. But surely you are not- ' t4 "' He. Indeed, but I am. Listen. Eighteen 7 years ago I left home-why, it matters not but from that day to last week not a single soul I around the whole place has known my where- p aboute, or if I were alve or deqd. I had never .n thoqght to set foot on England's shores again, f, but somehow the tramp fever burned itself out o in the end; a longing for the old scenes took its d place, and a month ago I landed at 'home, sweet home,' once more. re " ' I had first intended to see the squire, my g brother immediately, but a few chance words y I .heard dropped at my club caused me to a change my mind. The words I refer to gave I me a faint idea of my brother's position, and by a dint of judicious inquiries I was soon in posses- E tion of the facts of the case. I know that un- F less Vixes won, the squire was ruined beyond I1 all redemption. b "'Poor papa!' murmured his daughter. tl "'Well, I had, unknown to my brother, tl watched him on several occasions, and I saw so that his nerves were being gradually wrought into such a state of tension that they might snap at any moment, and a serious illness result. Anticipating, therefore, some such thing has occurred, I made my arrangements accordingly. To secure my qualification as a a gentleman rider was easy enough. Years in tl the saddle out West has made me a horseman with few equale. I knew every inch of the W Larkshire Cup course from experienced gained e as a boy. The main difficulty was Vixen. If bt she cut up rough it was all over. However, to some extent I smoothed away that trouble. Old Joe Biggs, your stud groom, has been in fo the Alton service since when a lad. To him I G went, revealed my identity, and staled my. f plan. He fell in with it at once, and through tb his instrumentality I had a few half-hours in is the mare's company. that put us on the best of a5 terms with each other. So, when.this <'orning the blow fell which I had feased al?:along, I had everything in train for operations. The rest you know. I rode Vixen, and I don't mind saying that a more comfortable ride I n, never had in my life. Msine was a wild art, but w it came off.' "'But your awful whiteness?' I cried, still us doubting. "Helaughed. 'Oh, I didn't "storm barns" for a couple of years with a dramatic company h without learning how to "make up." So now you know the whole story, and all there is to to dois to toll the squire of Vixeon's victory-it m will do him more good than physic, I'll be to bound - and then, immediately he's well pe enough, we'll all go down to the old place to- bh getherr'. fo "And this was done. The load of anxiety once removed from his mind, Squire Alton hi steadily improved-joy at being re-united to his brother materially helping him on to re covery-and in a few weeks' time he was about again, as well and hearty as ever. "Now, what I wish to sayis this: If ron are never surprised at anything, I'm not ashamed to confess thata more astonished man B never breathed than'yours truly' the day he pt solved the mystery as to 'Who rode Vixen?' " re -," Weekly Budget." j 