ARMOR IN WAR. In Temple Bar there is a short and interest ing account of whAt wan probably the last appearanoe In the field of men in armor. This was in January, 1799, at tho town of Aquila, in tho Abtuzzo, then held by a garrison of 400 French troops. The peasants hroko Into the town, and though they wero driven out by the If renob, they continued to give serious trouble. They even drove the French into the fort, and made ready to bombard them with heavy guns. Tho French were In an awkward position. "Eoulart, the' officer of artillery, ransacking his btains for the means of sending out men to spiko the guns on the glaois, under the fire of the insurgents from tho neighboring houses, suddenly remembtred he had seen in his maga zines some suits of plate armor, and be proposed to try whether, proteotcd by them, men oould not sally out and work in security under musketry fire. He got together 12 complete suits, and dressed out 12 gunners and grena diers, thus selecting big men, be it remarked. At a certain hour the garrison lined the covered way, and from thenco and from the fort opened a steady firo of musketry and of artillery on the lines of the insurgents, Then out marched the 12 knights of the 18th oentury, much in David's state of mind when he complained ho hid not proved his armor. The men carried handspikes, hammers and spikes. Moving, naturally, slowly and awkwardly in their heavy steel mail, still they siicoeoded in completing their work under a hail of bullets from the insurgents. The scene is described, as wo can well believe, to have been most remarkable, and to bavo had something picturesque and also diabolical about it. At the mailed figures moved in silence amongst tho guns, their handspikes looking like maoss, their silence and the slowness of their action sesmed unnatural under the steady hail of bullets. The insurgents were believed to have thought hell itBelf had sent forth these extraordinary antago nists, ghosts of a past age ; while the French on the ramparts, true to tueir nature, the first moment of anxiety over, burst into roars of laughter." The incident 1 quoted from the forthcoming book by Colonel Phipps, The Marshals of Napo leon 