Important Ecclesiastical Cere monial. 1 ?Ji' Cr '£?' 0f Convent of Our ImmacuUt Usdy «f M.rcj, Nicliolson-sirert, Melbourne, wee crewded on Monday morning, Sllli ult., lien 1! I novice, of tie order mede their profea- Is!?' « i Jr#un )"ii" who on Monday loot their tow. wi-reapecisiiy eelected in Irelnnd, ir n. " ."loir period of probotion in whi.1, ""atar.ianoee, and tlioen bj Whwh Ihey will be known in future, nre » f„l. W- 'U " ,ms (Ouklin), Sister M. Bn.il; By. mi?1Ubi'-n)' SUter M' Domini«- Mi.. B7. (Dublin), Si.l.r M. Sclioluti.e; Mi.. -Bj Dilhj), Si.ter -M. do Peeii; Mi.a mnSr r, !"?blin). Si,Ur M. Kevin ; Mia. Bureee. E s'i u'',11- Cnmillu.; Mie. Cutlen (Li- tnm). Slater M. Joieph; MU. Murphy (Clere) Suter M. lero.. ; Mi., lynch (Cork), Siiter M. m'" 'lc,!,e-T lUorlr). Bi.tor M. M t'r i U-V"n (Cork), ili„ M. dquin; and Mis, Hickey (Cork), Si.ior M. Borromeo. I he ceiehran t w.n ihe Archbiehop of Mel- th. „.l' "', d bj "" K(,v- -fitker Clancy, nnd other clergy present were tbe Bieht Rev. J. o„»e,Enor u a e, (Cobure),the Very Bey. Dean end Bay., T. Lynch \g'-l leWbl'K J!'"' (O'-f'rrie), P. Ulenry, moid) 8 ' J- Hhe oeremoniel which accompanies the pre- fteeion of a soyice i. of the mo.t impre„i„ eha- ncttr. botlnnc i. omilted that can lend in- dMnth.iw t1I!i,Jarf tb ""'ion- or .P! c / "1"ch th 'Cbt of a younw rrirr". ?? 0U1LU voleiterily eeparating li.r- ielf from tho world muet create upon the ima- Kinalion.- lo realise (he full m.anio, ef ihe eer- Tice it i, neeeaeary to undentend th.rulei under which Iodic, are permitted to become religion, member, of the Si.ter. of Mercy. Afler a panod of probai/ou the poatulunc proceadi to the cornmouv of Pfieentinn .i r... « ! ;.w- i i." ' " iur bus nrsi tunc Iter js cut oil, nnd she dout the irhile TS.1 of. novice. Then follow, no interval of o years, fttid finally the ceremony of profeaaion, when the nonce takes the black rail of a rali. gioui eister and eolemnlj makes the triple tow of pororjy, chafililY, nnd obedience. It £ the irre vocable etep, «nd final renunciation ; and its performance, when 12 noricce repeat their im- poemc ceremonial of the Church of Rome, must awaken the most devout and reverent emotions in those who witness it. At 9 o clock on Monday the lerrice oommesoed t>J a procession ef tlie novioea, the professed religious and iht elsrgy, the Archbishop and his chaplains bringing up the rear. Hack of the novices and the religious sisters bore a lighted oandla, and, headsd by a croiabearer, they filed lowly down the contre aisle, while the canlors ang the hymn " V#ni Creator." Arrived at th foot of the alter, the norjeas remained on their knees, and the religious sisters filed slowly left and right to their places along the walls, the congregation oecppyior the central pews. In this position ths contrast between the spotless % u- rooi novicos and the sombre veils of the nuns gave the scene an intonse dramatic interest, which was heightened by ths blaze of candles on the altir and tho tapers whioh the mter. cnnliau.d to hold throughout the service. Next canoe the aolamn i.t i. veils, which the novices wero soon to adopt for the rest of their live., and the coneeoration of the nug winch each nun wears on her left hand as a symbol of her .piritual union with our banour. 'J.he Rev. J. Quinn, of Carlton, preached tbe sermon, in which hs made pathetic reference to the saorifieo which was (hit diiv to be made com- 1 piete- it the call of God 'these ladies had resigned themselves to give up tethers and mothers aod brother# and friends, lo blindly abandon their own will at the bidding of other?, and lo follow the service of Christ in a strauge land. Doubtless the struggle was hard, fur in youth the pleasures ofthp wurld were paiuted in brirhl and Attractive colon. Rut. tl>pr«wU» tm-n states by wbicb u knowledge of what the world jeally was wea gained — ne the slate of exper ience, the other the state of grace — aud bot b tnese nlike proved the truth of the teacher's words, Vanity of vanities, all is vanity." Ssr inuat it be thought that ia the aeclusion of a courent' they could find relief from the doubts and tempta tions which they had been obliged to struggle agaiusi. The struggle would be a Jong nnd pro tracted .one, but, the fight once fought, they would join that glorious band whose privilege it was to go with Hie fiaviour wherever He went. l'Jiey were dead and buried to the world, crucified rs our Lord had been crucified, but Ihvir reward would be rreat. After tho sermon the novices were conducted by the mother aesUtant and superioress to the altar, when the Archbishop, wearing liis mitre, and holding hie crosier in hie l«fl hand, interro gated them se follows : — Celehranl. — My child, what do you demand? Novice. — My Lord, I most humblv beg to be reeeived to tho Holy Profession. Celebrant.— My child, do you consider your self suflkioptly instructed in what regards the vowi of religion aud the rules and constitutions of this institute ; aud do you know the obliga tions you contract by the Holy profession ? Novice. — I«5i my Lord ; with the grace of God. Celebrant. — May God grant you perseverance in this your holy resolution ; und may He deign in liis mercy lo consummate what He hoe begun In the name of the Father, and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost- — Amen. After this a solemn Mass wag snid, and eaoli novios in turn was led by the mother assistant and tho superioress to the altar, where tho Con- fietor was repeated. Then, as the archbiehop elevated tbe adorable sacrament, eaeh novice reed tbe following act of profession, kneel ing : — In the name of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, and under the prelection of His immacu late mother Mary, ever Virgin, I (li — N) called in religion aister — do vow aud promise to God, poverty, chastity, anil obedience, and the service of Ihe poor, sick and ignorant, and to per- severe until death in this institute of our Lady of Merov according to its approved ru'e and cousti tuiions : under Ihe authority and in tue presence of you, my liOrd, aud right reverend father in , God, archbiehop of this diocese, and of our reverend mother, called iu religion Msrv — mother superior of this Convent of Mercy, this 24th day of September, in the year of our Lord, eighteen hundred and ninety four. Haviug written a cross after her signature, sacli newly professed siiter retired to her place, and the service was resumed. Later on, at (he invitation from the altar, "Come, spouse of Christ, receive tbe crown whieh tho Lord hath prepared for thee," and the newly professed sga«u approached tbe sanctuary, and each re eeived tbe blnck veil from the bands of the celebrant. Next tbe blessing ring was placed on the third finger of the left hand, with the words ; — ' May Jesus Christ, Son of the living God who has now espoused Ibee, protect- thee from nil danger. Receive then the ring of faith, the seal ef the Holy Ghost, that thou mayst be called the spouse of Christ, ami if lliou art faith ful crowned with Him forever. In the name of the Father and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." "I am eipeusid te llim whom the Angels serve, uyd at whose beauty the euu aud moon eland iu wouder." Than, after eome further reeponsos, the oewly professed prostrated theinsrirea before the eltar (nil the people standing,) while tho "Te Dcum- Laudamus" was sung. Lastly, ths newly pre fessedivere sprinkled with holy water, and the sot of profession was finiobM. Then followed a touching soeue. lfucU newly professed was con ducted to the superioress, lo whom she knelt, and who raised aud embraced her. Then passing on along tbe line of religious sister each in turn bowed end embraced her, while the cantors sang tbe psaltu. " llehnld how good end how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in uuitv." It was a beautiful close to a beautiful service. — " Argus." At the Nathelia Show on Thursday last tho high jumping contest was such iu name only, the two horsea entered luring been ridden by Mr Jas. Evans, the owner of one of thera— Ohatioe. The other ootn- pot'tor was Mr W. J. Teare'a Jack This "contest" did not attract much attention, And after a few jumps were done at a rather low elevation a divide was agreed on the judges ai d stewards acquiescing. The first and second prizes aro a clock And e "saddlery trophy." Tho owners of the two horsea are now exorcising their minds as to how they are going to make an equit able division of the spoils. If they adopt the method patented and nearly put into operation by Solomon of old when the ownership of a baby wag in dispute, they will cut tho clock and the i(6iildlery trophy" in equal parts und each take iris share. The matter ie still uuBattled between the partiea, we understand. 