Religions. St. Andrew's, Parramatta- Sermon by the Ber. John Patenon. •"We are Hie Wtrkpuuuhip, treated in Ch Jnut unto good work* In studying our Lord's method of dealing "with anxiousinquirers, we'cannot fail to lie Btrnok by its diversity., Andrew and John are held in .converse concerning, saared things far into the night, and depart in a state of feverish anxiety- to find theirlrith' and kin that they too may know this wonderfnl man, Who can be none other than the Messiah. The woman whose .guilt has weighed her to earth and broken her life as she had broken the box of alabaster, is raised to newness of life by these words, "Thy faith hath saved thee; go iu. peace." Nioodemus, the master in Israel is told of things not dreamt of iu his philosophy. The waverer, who would fain linger over the parting scene and tarry to bury his dead, is stornly ordered to " Let the dead bury their dead; but go thou and preach the Kingdom -of God ;" while the men who excitedly declares " Lord, I will follow Thee whithersoever Thou has bis ardour damped by a pioture of hardships greater than the birds of the air, or the marauding animals, have to endure. The woman whose only conception of religion consists in a fixed spot for worship is told that " the hour nometh, and now is, when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth; for the Father seeketh such to worship Him." And if we are to be wise followers and useful, servant* of JesuB Christ, we must learn to adapt the message of life to the varying wants of individuals, ever striving todisoover the particular point in their nature most susceptible of Divine influence, and planting the seed of the Kingdom where it is most likely to germinate, and take root. One man has to be convinced of his need of salvation; another that there is still hope for him in the all-embracing love of God. To one the word of life oomes as a response to an inward craving after righteousness ; to another as the promise of forgivenesB; to a third as the only natural oonolusion of life; to a fourth as the rising of the sun in whose rays he loves to bask. To ask each and all of these to enter the Divine kingdom by one-stereotyped method is to demand an impossibility: to require what God does not require. We hear much to-day about the simplicity of the Gospel. . And there is a sense in which the way of holiness is eo Bimple that the jvayfaring men though fools shall not err therein." But at' the same time " we preach Christ crucified: unto the Jews a stumbling-block, and unto the Greeks foolishness." There is in our text a truth that may appeal to eome who have only found in the ordinary method of presenting truth a stumblingblock or foolishness. And if so, we earnestly entreat suoh to lay to heart these wonderful words of the apostle Paul, being fully persuaded in our own mind that if they will but follow on to know the' Lord they will yet speak, as Paul in his latter days spoke, of the " unsearchable riches of Christ." God'B workmanship.—Everything in nature is so beautiful and perfeot that even Huxley in his -perversity of unbelief longs for another sense, that he may behold the Great Architeot at work. In the daisy by the wayside, and in the highest animal life,' we behold the perfect adaptation of meanB to ends. Each possesses something which we can destroy but never restore, something.concerning which we know much and after all nothing—life. If we break a bar of iron we can weld it agaiu; if we break a crystal jug we oan re- mold it; and the bar will be as strong, the jug as beautiful as ever. But if we break the wing of a moth, or the petal from a flower, no skill or device of man oan undo the damage we have done. We oan make flowers to resemble the real ones so closely that many will be deceived by them; but theboe never stops to drone a lullaby over or to suok honey from them. We can imitate natur$' we cannot rival her. Between UB and her there is a great gulf fixed, and no amount of perseverance on our part will wrest hsr secret from her. Medical men are at the present moment drawing a map of.,the brain, and they hope soon to be able to tell as easily and as accurately the seat of the various senses as you can tell the latitude and longitude of Parramatta. If asked to describe the seat of life, they will tell you that the brain is a vast honeyoomb. Into each cell enters a nerve from the hand, the ear, the eye, or from some other part of the body. Along these nerve* run vibrations, and, in the cell, they are converted into the sensations of' feeling, hearing, or seeing, but how that conversion is produced they can- not tell. That'is ;> the secret of life whioh they have no hope of discovering. Bat there is within man another life, whioh is just as incomprehensible—the life of the'Spirit. Ift regard to it, many can give no other answer than that of the blind man whose sight Christ had restored. When questioned' by the Pharisees, he said, "This.I know, that whereas I was blindsow I see." "The wind blOweth where it listeth, and thou hearest the sound thereof, but Canst not tell whence it cometh, and whether it goetb; eo is every one that is born of the spirit." " Ye are God's workmanship." And He who hath begun " a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ." This is the doctrine of assuranoe in which the saints have eve* found joy and comfort, not that they have chosen God, but that He has chosen them; not that their perfection and ultimate safety depends upon themselves. For while they work out their own salvation with fear and trembling, "it is God whioh worketh in them both to will and to do of His good pleasure." And the striking thing aboutthis new life of the Spirit, is that it cannot be destroyed, rlst Himself is our witness to that truth'. "No one shall pluck them out of my hands." We are God's workmanship. He has. given ns life from the dead; and he will guard and keep that whioh His own hands have made. And yet, are -there not many facts whioh riit seem to go In the very faee of this truth? Are we not being oontinually startled and dismayed by the ozposure and disgrace of someone whom we re garded as a sincere Christian? For yoars he has occupied a prominent position in church life. His apparent Eeal and piety put ns to shame, and we felt that he was one whom we might well follow so far as we followed Christ, and from bis example, stimulus and guidance. And behold religion is but a cloak whioh he donned to conceal his base and selfish nature. Such oaseB are among our commonest experiences, and often make as slow, to apply the name Christian even to a profession that seems very sincere. The perseveranoe of the saints is a truth that has much comfort in it, but it should never make as anwatchfuL We may iise it to sooth, to allay our fears; but woe to the the man whom it sends to deep! For " the liird of that servant shall come in a day when he looketh not for him, and in an hour that he is not aware of, and shall cut him asander and appoint him his portion with the hypocrites: there ishall be weeping and gnashing of teeth." In handling this subject, the preacher longs for the quick eye and firm hand of the practised gardener, who lops off the dead branches without breaking the tendereet bud, that he might do a little spiritual pruning. For there are ever with us some whose life is running to seed. They keep a diary of spiritual experience and are never oontent unless the thermometer stands at fever heat. They are ever flaotaating between the extremes of perfeot assurance or absolute despair,and are equally valueless to the world in either mood. How different is the simple, healthy,Christian life! George Fox writes two heavy volumes of diary which we can read. Where would we expect to find more about his feelings, nis experience, and so on, than in a diary, written quietly when alone with his thoughts ? Tet what is the case ? " After he has fairly opened his Christian story, from its birthday beginning, he scarcely so much as alludes to any frame of feeling, but simply puts his faoe right onward, telling where he went, and wh6m he saw, and what in God's name he did. He never once intimates a misgiving; and when he comes to die, he is so little concerned for it that in what is called his death he seems simply to forget to live " He trusted not in himself, the work, but in God, the author of the work. Let us do likewise. II. Created in Christ Jesus.—To many men the Calvinistic doctrine of original sin is simply revolting. They point-blank refuse to believe it; and yet their experience forces them to admit that there are times when we discover strange moral facts about ourselves which drive us to a theory almost as gloomy. In walking down a portrait we discover' the same type of ace in father and son either being refined and ennobled or becoming ;roBaer in each generation. We lave no difficulty in discovering the same simple, kindly, sensible, stately, handsome, fearless disposition, in the last as in the first of the raoe : or on the other hand the same proud, strong look with deep lines' of care. And have none of you awakened suddenly and unexpectedly to find yourself possessed of eome defect of temperament, a tendenoy to oertain forms of of which you had never seen any sign before ? When they began to develop you said these are the very things I oomplained of in my father, and of whioh I made certain I would never be guilty. But here they are, and all my previous victories over temptation go for nothing. I must simply buckle on my armour afreeh and give battle to a new antagonist, and one whom I dread all the more because I know something of his strength. My brethren, do we not deal gently with the faults of our childron simply because we see in them our own defects re-produced ? We fought with and conquered our sin and for years it has not troubled But, behold, the ghost of our dead -selves has risen and clothed itself in the fieshr of our offspring. We must etuid aside and see them wage the same battle in whioh we were indeed conquerors, but the viotory was so hardly one that we tremble for them. Is not our judgment of our fellow-men mingled with mercy—aye, with deep oompassion because they have been overtaken in that form of ain . whioh is the curse of their race. A love of ^strong drink, a fiery temper, a sensual disposition. " This transmission—we will not say of special tendencies to sin—but of physical and moral conditions which make UB terribly accessible to spscial temptations to sin, appears even when parents fight a Rood fight, and Win a secure victory. When there is no moral resistance to the vice whioh is akin to ns, the heritage of evil iB enlarged and made more apalling." Many a man has never repented of his own sins until he saw their effeot upon his iihildrSn: His drunkenness, continued through two or three generations, will so enfeeble the moral capacity for. resistance to the vice as almost to extinguish moral responsibility for it. Violence of temper, indulged in for two or three generations, will approach very nearly to insanity. Were there no cheok to this propagation of evil, the world would long ere now have brought upon itself a seoond judgment by flood or fire. Bat a merciful providence sets a bound beyond which evil cannot pass. " He visiteth the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generations of them that hate Him;" but there He plants an imperceptible but impassable barrier. 41 The ancient friends of wrong go out. and leave earth free." These are sad thonghts, and all the sadder because they are true. We are continu ally verifying the statement of Eliphaz, " That man is born nnto trouble; as the sparks fly Upwards." And 'if Paul's experience was-anything like our own, we can quite understand his saying, The Roodthatl would, I do not; but tbe e^il which I would not, that 1 do. Now, if I do that I Would not, it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me. .0, wretchedman tbat I am! who Bhall deliver me from the body of this death ?" Had we our life to begin ovar again, we would avoid those evus which jgave an a hold over us, and made us its paptive. But now . we see no. hope of freeing ourselves from guilt. Were it possible that we could be treated as gold is treated, and passed through A furnace that would destroy every impurity, we would welcome the process even though the painb were purgatorial. There is nothing for us but to die and be born again, be created with a new nature. Granted except a man be born again he cannot see the kingdom of Gad,'' and this new birth, not in any feeble metaphorical sense, but in a sense most gloriously real and transcending the metaphor instead of falling below it, is precisely what is possible to you through Christ. Not a mere improvement on the old, but something new; a new heart, a new life, enteringinto you from Christ. "Created in Christ Jesus." Tou say you are not able to free yourself from the entanglement of sin—but Christ can free you: that the appetite for strong drink or some other form of self-indulgence is so strong that the moment it asserts itself you will give way—then Christ wiU take the appetite from you. All that is demanded of you is to believe that God is willing and able to help you. The moment you do so He plants within you the seed of the kingdom. And no matter how poor and barren the soil is, how bleak the surroundings, and ohilling the atmosphere, that seed will grow into a strong, vigorous, healthy plant, whioh in its upward progress will push out every thorn and briar and ocoupy the whole ground. Do not fear to trust yourself into God's keeping. " Te are His workmanship created in Christ Jesus unto good works." Good works. Being good Protestants, and above all true blue Presbyterians, we have been taught to look askance at " works" having a dangerous ring about' them. Yet why should we ? Because a murderer deals the fatal blow with his right arm, we don't tie ours up in a sling and leave it to wither for want of use. Though others may have made a bad use of works, is that any reason why we should discard them? Our Lord went about continually doing good, and if you read His sermons carefully you will find that they are largely taken* up with good works. It anyone were to preaoh the sermon on the mount to-day he would be accused of preaching morality. And why should morality not be preached ? Our Lord did not blame the Pharisees for being moral. He said they were not moral enough, for while they made long prayers they robbed widows' houses; their sin lay not in their morality, but in their pride and hypoorisy. And for what has God called us unto Himself if not that we might be clothed upon with good works, and so ppear before Him in the beauty of hoiiiness f You remember the tree in the parable unto which the Master came repeatedly seeking fruit and finding none. Had that tree been yours you would never have listened to the gardener's plea for another trial So earnestly does God long for fruit from us that he accepts the character given to Him by the servant who had buried bis talent and finds his excuse for so doing in the fact that he knew his lord to be an hard , "reaping where thou hast not sown and gathering where thou hast not strawed." What God cannot tolerate iB fruitlessness : " Every branch in Me that beareth not fruit He taketh away, and every branch that beareth fruit, He purgeth it, that it may bring forth more fruit." What a sorry appearance would we make before God having failed to fulfil the very end for whioh we were made! Shall it have to be said of any of us that we have been created indeed in Christ 'Jesus but hardly for good works ? Do you ask in what goo<^ works consist ? We answer in the words of Christ, " Let your light shine before men " in the oommon ways of life, all the week through, " that men may see your good works, and glorify your Father, who is in heaven.' Do not be despondent, though you fall far short of your ideal. Bemember that though Christ is not content until be has received the greatest, He is pleased with the smallest servioe done : for Him. ChriBt will watch over the life He has created within you, and which you are using in His service. Do not imagine that if you stray you are no longer oared for by Him ; He waits and lingers, whispers and calls, saying, " Will ye also go away ?" laying Hit hand upon you with a persistent love that will not be content till you are gathered back into the fold, to be one- more a follower of Him. ."—Eph. 2-10. 