MR. COOK ON THE "SOLIDARITY" PARTY. Speaking at Lithgow after Ms re election on Tuesday, the Postmaster- General pare expression to one senti ment which shows that his three years of experience in Parliament as a prominent labor member have not been without a valuable educative ef fect. Mr. Cook has learned that in an intelligent democracy the mission of every reformer who hopes for success must be to convince, not coerce. The original plan of the labor party to stand politically aloof from the rest of the community, and, sinking na tional questions, force the country's hand by class pressure, he finds to be impracticable. Mr. Glassoy, the labor leader in Queensland, some time ago made the same discovery, and stated the fact in almost identical language. Referring to the "solidarity" party, over whom he had just triumphed by one of the most emphatic labor votes ever recorded in the colony, Mr. Cook said "those gentlemen had yet to learn that they could rely on their aims only when tlicy pressed into the ser vice of labor all the liberal thought of the community." At present the tac tics of this clique are to deliberately exclude from the service of labor everyone who will not deliver himself over, body and soul, to the bondage of a cast-iron pledge, which is intended to turn him into a political tslihiaelitc, who can acknowledge no obligations of patriotism, and by whom all degrees of democracy and despotism outside the ranks of his own narrow sot are to be regarded with equal Intolerance. The members of this forlorn and poli tically discredited brotherhood, who now arrogate to themselves the func tion of representing labor, number 15 in a Parliament of 1.25, elected on the basis of one man one vote. All the rest, irrespective of what principles they hold, are declared "bogus," and placed promiscuously in the category of labor's enemies. What Mr. Cook and other thoughtful men interested in the cause of bettering the condition of the masses now see is that if this majority of the people were to be re garded as a class to be subdued and bossed by the minority, acting in the name of labor, the case would be hope less. If such a huge majority as that outside the ranks of the solidarity party can be "bogus," it must bo the system of democracy that is wrong', and until it is overturned there is no remedy. Democratic government, since it admits the right of a majority to rule, irrespective of leiigue or cau cus, is, according to the logic of this advanced cull, "bogus government." Also about S5 per cent, of the citizens of New South Wales are "bogus" citizens. If that were the case, and labor could hope for no political sympathy ! or assistance except from the "soli- ; durity" residuum, there would be no- : thing for it but to give up the ghost. The great bulk of the voters of this , colony are manual workers; almost, all ! of them have to live by labor of some j kind; hence, if So per cent, are bogus, I the trouble is plainly incurable. While ! we have democratic rule in force it I is these who are going to- govern, and ; whatever concessions the solidarity party hope for can come from no other : source. According as the great mass of public sentiment becomes liberal ised, liberal laws will prevail, but the | surest way to block this process and | scare people back to conservatism is | by attempting to set up any such sys tem of class aggression in the name | of labor as that against which the | Lithgow election furnishes such a sig- j nillcaut democratic protest. Mr. Cook, : as a member of the labor party which I failed so iguominiously in the late Par liament, had practical experience of the hopelessness of Hie segregate po- licy which brought it to grief. His labor roiu-liiui'iils h:iv learm-d the saiiw lesson: licm-o thoir omphalic on dnrseiueiil of Ids ih'Prmi mil ion to iry more rational methods. that is to wold; on the broad linos of domo- eraoy, anil seok to lieimlii labor as part, ol l ho wholo ooiomunilv. not as a , foreign clement at. tho oxpeuse of ij. j 