AMUSEMENTS. The Theatre Royal will be reopened for a short season to-morrow night, when the famous wirewalker and aerial gymnast, "Caicedo," will make his last appearance in Australia prior to his departure for Pans and St. Petersburg. "Caiosdo'a" performance will be preceded by the production of tbe well known drama, "Eobert Macaiie," in which Mr. Wybert Jieeve, He W. B. Warner, and others will appear, and the performance will conclude with a musical extravaganza, "Under the Gaspipe," in which Mr. W. B. Warsec will appear in an olio of character songs. The Georgia Smithson Variety Company will open at the Bijou Theatre on Saturday next. The company includes Mine Georgia Smith?On, the ** female Afaooabe," Ijonie> Byron, Mien Minnia Webster, a premier danseuse, and K^ftT"* Sydney Bp^p m*tA Shepherd. Toe new production of "The Sentry" aft the Cyolor&ma; has proved more Bucoessful tban its predecessor, the ghost of Kapoleon. "The Sentry" is really a little play without words, and has nightly been greeted with weQ merited applause. The setting is very pretty, and the camp fire is a riddle to many visitors. The Cyolorama certainly provides plenty of entertainment for its patrons. A very successful concert was (riven in the Chalmers Church schoolroom an Eiiday even* ing in aid of the band of hope, when Dr. Paton presided over a large attendance. Sooge were contributed by the-Misses A. Robertson, B. Matheson. Smith, and Wateon. and Messrs. ii. Wright, £. Weller, Bad ford, and J. C. Fraser. The quartets "Secluded midst the hawthorn glade" and "Strange adventure" were nicely song by^the Misses Smith and Ingham, ?™1 M**?prHi Drewer and Badford, the first named having to be repeated. The instrumental mnsie in cluded a pianoforte eolo by Miss A. Beeton, a trio by the Blisses Beeton, Mandonald. and Duncan, and a dulcimer solo by Mr. J. le Sage. Recitations were given by Miss Cater, and Messrs. P. Nioholls and C. Beeton. A vote of thanks to the performers brought an enjoyable evening to a close. 