THE APPROACH OF. ARMAGEDDON. Now tint the drowsy v jwiinteliigencoa of tbe routine neirepapere -have agreed among themselves that certain theatrical demon strations oE European statecraft, tbe records concerning which have been flashed all over the worid by cable, give assurances o£ Euro' peaa peace, it iatime for tbe Alert mind to think about, and Iook for, war. The loatioe newspaper idiot is ordinarily sluiced iafcj his forced channels o£ thonght by the routiius cablegrapher, and the routine cablegrapher is tlie )aigbing-£tockof the deep diplomat itt 6 who Becretly pell the hidden wirea while posing publicly in prepared panorama. Tho routine preisja. ever iead| fcojjnnnnt thw 1 surface appearances— tlie legerdemain of political optics — as actualities. Which is why the routine press is continually ' falling into the soup.' Valuable advice to those newspaper readers v.'ho really desire to plumb ercats, to test tho drill of the real undercurrents, and to intcrptcst the fore casted shadow of coming events, should take the form of counselling tuum to digest tli(. prognostications of tbe routine press, and then simply to work cut the odds in faror o£ the very opposito-tliiug. Hencs, when the routine newspapers with united voice raise a war scare, the odds, are that theio will be n. considerable interval of peaco. Statecraft is pigeon-holed with cunning, and the Busi ness o£ 6tat:cra[tsmen is to hypnotise the purveyors of uews and the criers among tbe people. It is a mentally applied fotin of Hindoo magic, by means of which hallucina tions aud visions prevail over the senses. Leaving out the ever-present temptation for sioct-and-bonds-gamblcrs to raise war- scaie3 at short intcivals, it is diplomatically pro fitable to statecraft that these apprehensions should be recurrently epidemic Not so, however, with 1'eace illusions. The gamblcra that govern humanity have no winning cer. tainties in peace prospects. Statecraft, too. becomes humdrum iu a placid atmosphere, and dies o£ a decline. Veaoe Illusions are dangerous. They actually mean war. When rhe routine pre»6 gets lei up iuto a coa cocsus of opinion that peace is assured, it is. tiojc to sharpen up the sword and to clean the riile. Such, a disease is now raging, Because Russia has mads new commercial treaties with Germany and Austria, the whole combination of routine newspapers is a-cacklc with the giad ' caw-ra,w-iaw '? hat the peace of Europe is now a definitely assurcj certainty for a few years at least The raoie Eiinguinc among these .publicists prophesy even a general disarmament of European armies. As ij the ghost at human ambition could ever be laia, or tho spirit of human 'nvr exorcised ! As i£ national destinies could be chloroformed by the passing vapors of temporary convenience! Still Jnttei' Toutme-pabiicists venture to try aud analyse the surface illusions which they regard as facts, and the results ore clownish. | Onesuuh commentator has elaborated there from a ccbwcbbcd diagram showing hort* Ita'.y has besn sliced off from the Triple Alliance, how France has once more been isolated, and how lluseia, Oecmany, and Austria are the new League of faciticition : and this remarkable prob2eoiist simaeis to j his own satisfaction with contentment bs. I cause, undsr thesj circumstance?. Great liiitain can pursue its own peaceful and eulightening nu'i&ion; of Gospel and Grab j upon tie-earth, unembarassed by any foreign j unpleasantness, and narchins on to that . I grand day (in the Greek Kalendo) when an ! Anglo-Saxon League shall porous. plaster the i planet ! Cannot the probierniBt see that, if Italy is dissociated from the Triple Alliance — i.e., if the late Triple Alliance is a recon structed institutioa— and France is isolated, then the new (assumed) alliance o£ Russia Germany, and Austiia, is a trinity ef bloody meiace.' AUo, that the only possible counter- move to it must be an AngloFranco I Italian Alliance as yet undreamed o£ ? The problemist who whoops as a Britisher, and yet looks at events from the weather-side of the Uusso'-German aspect, is certain to dis. cover eccentricities of strabismus. Cer. tainly, this niesenf routine shout o£ ' Hail, ' placid Peace:' reeks with the shambles of war. and swims sullenly through a dun i and sulphui ous atmosphere. Through ail the variations of the kaleidoscope, Great Britain stands as the Ishmael. Has the problemist forgotten, or ignored, the fact teat last year^ German secret negotiations with France all but resulted in an abandonment of the Gallic revanche, and in an alliance with j Germany, provided the latter Power assisted to espel— either by diplomacy or otherwise— Greit Britain out o£ Egypt .' That Bcheme having failed, the resulting combinations look temporarily bid foi Trance, liat France is just now the passive ele ment in the European ferment, the nega tive pole o£ the electrical disturbance. It is to Germany, the positive pole, the centre of activity, the heart of vital motion, that the analytical and microscopical attention mu6t be directed. Notice, therefore, that Get. many, having failed to secure France as an accomplice ih certain designs, abandons that move, and Jays the parallels and diagonals for a more artful combination still with Bussia. Remember always that Russia can. not benefit by a quarrel with Germany, and that both Germany and Bussia have tbe same yearning ambition that will never rest until it is satisfied, or they are blotted out o£ the map of Great Powers — a desire for eea. board. Viewed in these Jantern-rays, the Germanic commercial treaty with Bubbii is anything bat an assurance of peace— for Great Britain. It mean; merely that Russia and GeHE&oy; a»ree to let each other alone to pursue each its own designs— for sea board, and , in the case of G ei many, for outside colonisation as well. Eussia will and must gain coast supremacy either in the llediter. ranean.the Indian Ocean, the l'ersian Gulf . or ? in all three— or, fall to pieces and vanish as a Power, (jetmany doesn't care a button which eventuality occurs, provided that its own aggrandisement is also achieved. Other routine newspaper writers have assumed, chiefly from a speech made by Kaiser Wiiliam, that that monarch designs a Euro' peas confederation to cope with some dreaded Tower as yet in embryo, and the seer-dream of the late ' Chinese' Gordon is rehashed with prophecies oE a Mongolian invasion of the world. That sacl a possi bility lies in the womb of the future is probable enough, hut its hour is not yet. It is far more likely that Kaiser William's oracular utterances referred to the wide spread industrial conspiracies of Nihilism and Anarchy than to an armament of the WeBt of the Old- World against the East— to a huge internal honeycomb of volcanoes than to the incursion of armed hordes from without. But be that as it may, tbe Tontine newspaper man is now crying 'Peace, peace,' when there ie no peace. Thereforei « LOOK OUT FO WAR.' : . . ' Woman's rights 1' exclaimed a man when tho subject was broached, ' what more rights do they want? My wife bosses me, my daughter bosses us both, and the servant girl bosses the whole family. It's time the men were allowed some rights.' Kaiser William's sis hoys have to eleep in a plain bare room, on iron cots, hard mat tiasses, and with little bed clothes. They are cold tubbed at seven o'clock every morning, then go through a vigorous course of gymnastics, and are spanked as occasion requires. Ophthalmia, it is eeid. is especially pre valent in English schools. It sow appears ttaf the disease is definitely contagions, and there it little doubt that it has been pro pagated in iucny instances by means of the school towels. The 'British Medical Journal ' therefore adrites parents to tox bidthelichUdreato waEhatgcUosij,.. , 