EIS SECOND WIFE, CIIAPTEE VI. \- Beatrice thought she must faint! She could not collect' her senses, even to wonder. Pale and dazed-looking", she mauaged at last to gain the house. Nobody was in the dining-room, on whieh still lay the remains of the banquet. Seizing- a glass she filled it with wateiy and drank it. Not yet must she stop to think, to question. Her gusts still re mained , before them she must appear, as usual. Yet more than one noticed, before the ball came to an end, how very tired and fagged their brilliant, queenly hostess looked, and how glad she seemed, yn spite ofher courteous, kindly manner ■to get rid of them. ~ When Mr. Fernleigh re turned to the now deserted, ball-room, after seeing the last of the guests take their depar ture, he found his wife stand ing there alone. Hay had al ready dawned, and the bright sun was beginning to pale the lights which a short time ago had made the scene so brilliant. Perhaps it was this which gave to Beatrice’s face the ghastly look it now wore, and which her husband attributed to; ex treme fatigue. ‘ ** Youf \ ball has been a great success, my darling,” he said ; “every one is raving of: the beauty and gracious manners of my wife, but I must not have you sit up any longer • it is past five o’clock, and you look like a ghost!” Beatrice shuddered, but forced a smile. “;I think- I ought to,” she said,“for I have seen one to-nighti” Cecil started and looked keenly at her. “ Why did you never tell me, Cecil, that1 Fernleigh Dene was haunted, or did you fear I should laugh at the idea?” She spoke sarcasti cally, yet withal earnestly, and an anxious look came into the blue eyes fixed upon her husband. ' Mr. Fernleigh’s face took the look his wife had seen and wondered at/before ; it did not escape her know1 what foumean,Beatrice. We have nc now. “I don’t ghosts here that I know of—at least, 1 have never seen any. Either your imagination played you false, or 1 am slow of comprehension. Pray explain your wards more fully. Never before had he ad dressed her in tones so stern and. contemptuous. Beatrice resented it. “ I see you do not believe me, Cecil, or at any rate you would have me think so.” ' ";i ■'i “ Pardon me^my dear, I do believe your fancy. . You’ve seen something, but it was not a ghost.” , “ What was it, then ?” And she told him word for word all that had happened when he left her on the terrace. As she spoke, Cecil’s face became pale as her own, and a half smothered exclamation escaped his lips. Yet he did not inter rupt her, but let her -go on to the end. For what, indeed, eould he say ? He kuew that all she said - was true, and no fancy, kuew. that, to her (at last) had appeared the ghost of Fernleigh Dene! ' “And you say it disappeared round the shrubberies ?” He spoke hurriedly and anxiously: “ Tes, it was an awful-look ing creature! I cannot get that frightful lace out of my mind! I should die if,I were to see it again ! Beatrice laid her head down on her hus band’s arm and shivered. He did not answer for some mo ments ; when he did it was with words of soothing tender ness, as he bade her gently; to go to bed and forget all about it for the present; he would make inquiries in the mean while, and discover the 'cause of her alarm. Beatrice departed a little, comforted, but her nerves were destined to another shock. “Miles, you can go to bed;” she said to the sleepy maid whom she found waiting in her. room. The woman hesitated., •- “ If you please, ma’am,” she said, 11Twas told to give you; this note. A gentleman came this evening.and asked for Mrs Fernleigh’s maid, and when I went to him, he gave me this letter and a sovereighif I would deliver it into your own hands. I said I did not want his money but if so be as there wasn’t any harm in the letter I’d give it, and here it is.” She held out a sealed envelope as she spoke. ' Beatrice took it, surprise in her face and in her voice. “Did you know the gentleman, Mi}es ? , I ean’t think who it could be!” “ No, ma’am ; and if I might, make so bold as to say so, I don’t think he were any more of a gentleman than I am a lady. He was tall and dark —an evil face I should call it.” Beatrice turned pale, but she only said : “ You may go Miles ; good night.” /;: Left alone, Mrs. Fernleigh tore open the letter. It con tained the following words “ I told you I should find put Cecil Fernleigh’s secret, and I have done so! It is as 1 thought Myra Fernleigh still lives Fair inmate like yourself of Fern-; leigh Dene, where she is drag-, ging out a miserable existence, driven mad by his cruel treat ment! If you do not happen to have seen her portrait (but he would take good care of that), I will describe her—slim and fair, large dark eyes, and a wild hunted look peculiar to lunatics. You will wonder why I have written this, but my revenge is near, and for your words to me when we last met, I will make you suffer as well as that arch-hypocrite, your husband.—B.M.” There was no other signature signa ture ; but none was needed. Beatrice Fernleigh knew that the description Miles had given was that of Beresford Marston. As she read to the end of the letter, a bitter cry escaped her. “ Oh, mercy! mercy for my poor, misguided Cecil! I know it now!' This Hateful secret! Oh, why did I mot guess it before ? And what am T ? Oh, my baby!—my little sou! We——” / • . When Cecil Fernleigh went to his wife’s room an hour after, he : found her lying in a senseless heap upon the floor. 