H'lMPOBTE. Bx J. O. B. Sydney spooks have fallen upon evil days. F or the last week or so spirit-land has been in a state of abnormal unrest owing to the news that one ' Cissy,' a small shade with an impediment in her speech, was seized some distance outside the mysterious cabinet and proved to be the medium, Mrs. Mellon, who was supposed to be in a deep sleep inside. It was a case of misplaced con fidence, which one would not expect from an ex perienced apparition like ' Cissy,' and shows that even shadows should see the in expediency of allowing their retreat to be cut off by sceptics in the front seats. Emboldened by previous successes, ' Cissy ' ad vanced too far from her base of operations and was pounced upon by a Mr. Henry, who was ap parently in doubt regarding her character and antecedents. When matches were struck, Mrs. M. — barefooted but demonstrative — was found vigorously struggling in Mr. H's grasp. A second unbeliever on looking behind the sacred cur tain saw some wraps and a bearded mask, which not unnaturally suggested that, but for Mr. Henry's unseasonable interference, some powerful mani festations would have occurred during the seance. In familiar language, the spectres were obviously 'on the job' and bent on presenting a high class programme to their friends in front, when poor ' Cissy,' the leading ghost, met with the foregoing mishap. Whether she will again appear in Sydney is doubtful. Spooks are touchy folk, and readily take offence. One thing iB sure. If she ever does take to the boards again, it won't be while Mr. Henry is in the stalls. * * ' * «- But the drollest part of the affair — what an im perfectly-educated person would Mill ' real funny' — was the medium's explanation of how she came to be in front with bare feet. For genuine \- humour it knocks everybody since Aristophanes — including the rollicking writer of ' Ragged Jane' — over the ropes the first round. By a process well known in spiritualistic circles — similar, Beemingly, to the ' now you see it _ and now you don't' of the thimble artist — she'd ' shot ' into ' Cissy ' directly the latter was seized. Considering how dark it was, Bhe must have had a pretty fair aim. But what had become of her shoes and stockings, and why was she on her knees? Because ' Cissy ' — | mischievous little rogue — had materialised from Mrs. M's legs, leaving the latter *so like drum sticks that garter, and hose, and weeny teeny hotline slipped off like Pickwick on the ice, leaving the poor lady not only shoeless but without a leg to stand on. Never since Noah solved the problem of the rainbow was such an explanation given on the spur of the moment. Unapproached and un approachable it stands, defying all competition. The next thing bow will be to drop on 'Geordie ' — he and ' Cissy '' have pretty well run the show so far — shake him up, and see what he has to say. * * * * For the first time a lady cyclist has covered the j distance between Sydney and Melbourne, losing 281b. on the road. Her husband accompanied her, and the opinion seems to be gaining ground that, should they continue to Adelaide, returning by the same revolutionary process, he'll have veiy little wife left on reaching home. In such cir cumstances it would be obviously unwise to pro long the journey to Brisbane. The citizens of the Queensland capital, for all their pleasure loving propensities, would be sure to rise in a body and protest against the inhumanity of forcing an apparently six-months-old infant in long clothes to wheel itself ? It is re ported that the wee King of Spain has written a letter to his venerable godfather, the Pope, assuring him of his affection. This is always the way with monarchs. They begin well enough, but it's the very mischief to keep them to their promises. Look at our own potentates, from the Conquest to ' Silly Billy.' Down to about James's time — a bit beyond in a few cases — the persons asked by them to a merry-making in the morning were not unfrequently axed by the headsman before night. His Most Catholic Majesty is no doubt sincere in his present profes sions ; but wait till he begins to raise a moustache and wink at the girls. By that time St. Peter will probably have another successor, and the throne of Spain ? It would really be rash to say who'll be on it, or whether there will be any throne at all. ? * * * * The able-bodied portion of the Pitt Town labour settlement have laid their grievances before Minis ter Carruthers and secured his commiserating attention. One cause of complaint — a real one this time — is that 40 per cent, of the settlers consist of incapables of various patterns. Besides this die proportionate contingent of cripples there are two lunatics, on whom a harassing watch' has to be kept, if only to prevent them from pulling up the communal cabbages by the roots to see now the plants were growing. These two unfortu nates, it appears, keep the community in a high state of tension by their vagaries. They dress with careful unconven tionally, and promulgate views antagonistic to the well-being of society in general. Thus from the very jump, as 'twere, this interesting socialistic experiment is 'so heavily handicapped that failure is to be feared. The representations put the Minister in rather a tight place,' from which nothing but his well-known ingenuity can ex tricate him. His initial step should be to secure the brace of highflyers and give them an opportunity, of ventilating thpir opinions in Glades ville. In the latter es-. tablishment they could count on congenial companionship and on that ready acquiescence in their views which is seemingly .denied them at Pitt Town. Strange what license is sometimes allowed lunatics in the colonies. It was tint the other day that a Melbourne chemist poisoned him self in his shop. - He had just been - discharged from the asylum on probation. If anything could make a patient recover quickly, it would be the knowledge that the person behind, the counter within reach of the -was just, out of a padded room. With a mad -doctor (suoh exist) prescribing and a mad ehemist dispensing, the undertaking and Ihe monumental 'mason busi nesses — not to mention the obituary poet's— would soon be the only flourishing concerns in the com munity. « ? ? ? During the latemilitary manoeuvres at Wollon gong some carrier pigeons were released with despatches. The messengers arrived pafely in the . Biftydw TRifo gwgisag reports -?f to v {he _ | tide of battle rolled — whether the upshot of the ! savage fray would be the destruction of the proud invaders or the march of the latter a Sydney. The curious part of the affair was that the bird sent off at 2 p.m. did the best time, at 4 the next best, and at 5 the worst. Yet, considering that the day was declining, the last envoy might have been expected to beat the record, if only to got home before sundown. In old countries the tardiness might have been put down to the car rier being chased by some bird of prey and di verted from its direct course. But in Australia no such explanation is permissible, for there are no falcons, and the ordinary eaglehawk — the terror of rural chickens and half grown rabbits would have about as much chance of overtaking a swift pigeon as a mud barge of overhauling a torpedo boat. Which reminds me that falcons — the most accomplished in wingmanship with the possible exception of the swallow — are now trained not only to deliver messages themselves, but to pursue and capture the enemy's scouts. Thus falconry in a form designed to meet modern re quirements has a fair chance of being reestab lished. The worst of this beautiful creature is that, like other beautiful creatures, it so fre quently departs from the strict line of duty — so often wanders afield in search of pleasure or of prey. Let but a plump pigeon cross its line of vision and in a moment all the time and care spent on its education is forgotten in the desire to be present at the plucking. Thus, as messengers, falcons will probably aLways remain but an in different success. There's too much human nature about them. * * * * It is proposed to purify the Thames below London Bridge by means of a school of crocodiles. In- the Indias, East and West, in Africa, and in Australasia, the British, by right of conquest or of settlement, have acquired a considerable property in these useful reptiles, with the result that the creatures in every 8 tape of development, from the eggj up, could be delivered in England at a figure which would shut the Yankee and the South Ameri can productions out of the markot. Again, while Florida and Brazil are restricted to one variety, .the ordinary alligator, Bull and Sons could swamp. Billingsgate with every species of the animal known to science. Egypt alone, the true home of the genuine saurian — the Nile, the Pyra mids, and the crocodile are as inseparable as the Three Musketeers — could supply a sufficient number to keep the river clear as far as Greenwich without materially reducing the Cairo reserves. I mention the subject beeause Sydney should not be above taking a hint from London and accli matising the alligator. True, the mature animal doesn't take kindly to salt water, but that might be got over by hatch ing the eggs in brine. The whole nature of a mammal can be modified or changed by early education, and there's no reason why reptiles shouldn't be equally amenable to jndicious treat ment. It is on record that a- Connecticut foal grew to be a powerful horse on shavings, having , taken them for grass through being supplied by green spectacles by its ingenious owner. The sequel, that the full-grown horse lived chiefly on boards, has not been sufficiently authenticated to be entirely free from doubt. On the use of croco diles in the waters of Port Jackson it is unneces sary to dwell. If they but ate an occasional lar rikin destroying shrubs on the harbour islands, or running naked and unashamed on the dainty beaches, . their introduction would be regarded with enthusiasm by the bulk of the community. 