TALES AND SKETCHES. THE EBB TIDE. Br ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON and LLOYD OsBOURNE. Acinous of " Thb Wreckers," The Wrong Bos," Ac. ; Part I. Chapter I.— Nioht on tiie Bbaoh. : Throughout tho ialaridworld' of- the Taoiflc icsttored men of mnhy European races and from almost cvory grade of socioty.oarry aotivity and disseminata diseaso. Some prosper,' .some vegetsto. Somo ' havo mounted the stope of tbrenes, and owned islands and navies. Others, araln. must marry for a livelihood; a strapping, merry, chocolate oolorod damo aupports them in nlioor idleness ; and dressed liko natives, but still retaining somo foreign clement of gait or attitude, still perhaps with somerelia (such as a single eye glass) of the officer end gentleman, they sprawl in palm leaf verandahs and entertain an island nudionoe with memoirs of tho musio'liall. And thero are still ethers, less pliable, less oapablo, loss fortunate, perhapo lees base, who continue, oven in those isles of plenty, to laok bread. At tho far end of the town of Papeete three ingh men were seated on the boach trader a jmrrro tree. It was late. Long ago tho band had broken up and marched musically home, a motley troop of men and women, mcrohaut olorks and navy officers, dancing in. its wake, arms abont waist, and orownoil with garlands. Long ago darkness tnd silence had gone from houso to houso about the tiny pagan oity. Only tho street lamps shone on, making a glowworm halo in tho um brageous alloys, or drawing n tremulous imago on the waters of tho port. A sound of snoring ran among tho piios of lumber by the Govern ment pior. It was wafted ashore from tiro graceful, clipper bottomed schooners wlioro they lay, moored close in liko dingies, nnd their orows wcro strotohed upon the dcok under the open iky or huddled in a rudo tent amidst tho dis order of merchandise. But the men undor the purao had no thought of sloop. The same tempornture in England would havo passed without remark in siicr, nor ; but it was bitter cold for tl>a South Seas. Iuanimato nature knew, it ; and tho bottle of cocoanut oil atood frozen in overy birdcage house about the island; and tire men knew it, and shivered. They wore flimsy cotton clothes, ilie samo they had sweated in by day and run the gauntlet of tho tropio showors ; nnd to complete their evil oase, they had had no break fast to mention, less dinner, and no supper at all. In the telling South Sea phraso, theso throo men were on the beach. Common calamity had brought them acquainted, ns the three most miserable English speaking orenturoB in Tahiti ; and beyond their misory, they knew next to nothing of eaoh other, not oven their true names. lor eaoh had made n long apprentice- imp in going downward ; and each, at some ilige i of the descent, bad bean shamed into tho adoption of an alias. And yot not one of them nau figured in a court of juatioe ; two wero men k' ,1 virtues ; and one, as he sat and in Ms pooket.0' tU PBrS' bad a tattcrcd Virgil "t?in,ly. ,'f money could havo been raised E „ IS1, R,obott Herriok would long ago A 'nst possession ; but tho I whioh is so mnrkod a leature 1 in some parts of the South Seas, extends >hbh a 05 ,h,e d6l,d to»Eues ; and tho Virgil, had in I10' exchange against a meal, " mid .,?, c?"301? ,llin> i" bia hunger. Ho ! the floor »\y it 88 lajI "ith tigl'toncd bolt on i nasj.o.. . , o8 ,? calaboose, seeking favorite r ,H aniJ finding new ones only less bcantl- m fc8 tbeX l".okc'1 th» oonscoration of ro- I couritrv ?lib '!? wou¥ I"" on random 1 over ' a? on pftthsldo, gating din into it ? mountains of Eiraco; and the osl, A? ?' ooobiug sortes. And if rviili no li? is J'1,0 way df oracles) replied 'iiions of Fn ,0Cri ?inor nnaonraging voioe, I tho " . J0®'' would throng upon ( green nt ?BD,0rJ ! ,the ""y eohoolroom, the and th5 ?e,ld8' holidny» home, the flrcaiils , ,ironr ot London, nnd I lather For n , ..the, w.hita ho,ui of his I restrains,! 1 1 ,8 dflH"ny »t those grave, I m«ke 8,n wrltor". with whom wo E fihlp at sehnni ? 0 Cl? Painful acquaintance- I come nativo t? paa8 into tho blo I Virgil "10 memory ; so that a phraso of I AUR8 tleP bltnof r !Th ,of Mttntua or I active and aml!?H W8 'ba B0" 1 an intelligent, I WMidcmhh I „ T Tn' unrmlt Partnor in a I reived ot the ill ? fle, Hopes wero eon- I Elined there „„ n '? w,aa aan'' to a good sohool, | seeded In con?, m 8ol,olarsliip,' and pro- i With all Ida Hipl, ® 5". ,we,,torn university. I 1 both), Rnl.or, . , ,? ? (aod he hnd muoli I lll|i intollectual milv,? 'iofloient in consistency 1 study, worke?n, 'iWandered in lly l,atbB. 1 "hen lie ilinniu , music or at motaphysios 1 Uat t v iave been at Greek, and took at I "me, Almost at the samo B Wound up. Mr t£ .hyaso was disastrously | 'tain as a clerk' in?!, mUR' begin tho world E relinqiii,|| hii ,L\ , llran(to offloe, nnd Robert E ndo » career IkM? n00<:Pt witii grati- I 1„e had no held dStealcd and dospised. R 'fairs, detested flfnreB> no interest In I ie,Pi»cd the aims ami i?lla rB'nt of hours, nnd B grow rich was n. r 5,Succoa0 of morolinnts. H to do well, a ambitions; rather, S ?""8 man , or more bold B destiny. nerh«n , vo rofused tho 1 « ' ,"c" 1 poilian. Wod, his future with S- uossihiv ,,, unlisted. Robert,' more "C0 tlmt way of n? ,lmIdt fomentod to cm- 1 Jiadily analat hi. famii which he oould most R mind divided be did so with a i "mrnde,. and ohoso nclf,|b<'ii00d of. former H Placed at hie dl!i?n.ii 0" "v«»l positions I Yo- ulspoial, a oierkship ln New I '"mV1 Haia 'S5t dHhh' iW" 01,9 of unbroken | « not atlnlr, he wae exactly honest; he was novor rude to his employers, yot waB ovorywhoro discharged. Bringing no interest to his duties, he brought no attontion ; his day was a tissue of things neglected and things dono amiss , and from plaoe to placo and from town to town ho carried tho charaoter of ono thoroughly inoompatent. No man oan hoar tho word applied to him without some flush of color, as indeed there is nono other that so emphati cally slams in n man's fnco the door of solf respeot. And to Herriok, who was conscious of talents and acquirements, who looked down upon thoso huinblo duties in wliloh ho was found wonting, the pain was tho more exqitisito. Early in his fall ho had ceased to be ablo to make remittances ; shortly after, having nothing but failure to communicate, lie ceased writing home ; and about a yoar bofore this tale bogins, turned suddonly upon the atroots of San Franoisco by a vulgar and infuriated German Jew, he had brokon the last bonds of self re speot, and, upon a sudden impulse, ohnnged his narao and invosted his last dollar in a passago on tho mall brigantine, the Oity of Papeete. With what expectation he had trimmed his flight for the 'South Seas Herriok porhops scarooly know. ' Doubtless thero wore fortunes to bo mado in pearl and copra ; doubtless others not more gifted than himsolf had olimlibd. in tho island world to bo queens' consorts and kings' ministers. But if Horriok had gone there with any manful pur- poso lie would have kept his father's namo ; the alias betrayed his moral bankruptoy '; ho had struok his flag ; ho entertained no hopo to ro instato himself or help Ills straitened family, and ho eamo'to tho islands (whoro he know tho olimnte to bo soft, bread ohcap, nnd manners easy) a skulker from lifo'u'battie and -his own immediate duty. - Failuro, lie had said, was his portion ; let it be a ploasiut failure. It is, fortunately, not onough to say, "I will bo baso." Herriok continued in the iilands his career of failure ; but in tbo new soene and under r tho new namo he suffered no loss sharply than before. A plaoe wae got j it was lost in tho old style ; from the long suffering of the keepers of restaurants, he fell to more open oliarity upon tho wayside. As time wont on, good naturo bcoamo woary, and after a repulso of two - Herriok beoame slij. Thero wero womou enough who would havo supported a far worso and far uglier man ; Horrick nover mot or never know them ; or if ho did both, somo manlier feeling would revolt, and he profoirod starvation. Drenohod with raiiu, broiling by day, shivering by night, a disused and ruinous prison for abed- room, his diet beggod or pilfered out of rubbish heaps, his associates two creatures equally out cast with himself, he had drained for months the Qqp of ponitonco, 2a had known what it was to be rcrrigiicd, what it waB to break forth in a ohiidish fury of rebellion against fate, and what' it was to sink ' into tho ooma of despair. The timo had changed him. Ho told himself no longer tales of an easy and perhaps ngreoablo declension ; ho read his nature otherwise ; ho had provod him self incapable of rising, and ho now learued by oxperienoo that ho oould not stoop to fall. Something that was scarcely prido or strength, that was, perhaps, only refinement, withheld him from capitulation ; but ho looked on upon his own misfortune with a growing rage, and sometimes wondered nt his uatienoc, It was now tho fourth month completed, and still thero was no ohange or sign of oliange. Tho moon, racing through a world of flying alouds of every size aud shaiw and doniity, some black as ink stains, somo deliosto as lawn, throw the marvel of her southern brightness over tho some lovely and dalcstod soene — the island mountains crowned with the perennial island cloud, the embowered city studded with rare lamps, tho masts in the harbor, tho smooth mirror of the lagoon, and tho moio of tho barrier roef on whioh tho breakers whitoucd. The moon shono, too, with bull's eye sweeps, on liis companions: on the stalwart framo of tho Amcrioan who called himsolf Brown, and was known to be a master mariner in somo disgrace ; and on the dwarfish person, the pale eyes, and toothless smile of a vulgar nnd bad hearted ooekney clerk. Here was society for Robert Horriok 1 Tho Yankee skipper was a man, at least ; lie had storling qualities of tenderness and resolution ; lie was one whose hand you could take without a blush. But thero was no redeeming grace about tlio other, who called himself sometimes Hay and sometimes Tomkins, and laughed at the discrepancy ; who had been employed in every store in Papeete, for the creature was able in his way ; who had been dis- charged from oaoh in turn, for he was wholly vile ; who had alienated all his old employers, sothnt they passcd-bim In the street as if he were a dog, nnd all . his, old comrades, so that they shunned him as they would a creditor. \- Not long before a ship from Peru hnd brought an influenza, and It nowrngnd in tho island, and partioulsrly in Papeete, From all round tho parco arose and fell a dismal sound of men eoughing, and strangling as thoy coughed. The sick natives, with the islanders' impatience of a touch of fever, had crawled from their houses to bo aool, and, squatting on the ahore or on the beached canoes, painfully expeeted tile new day. Even as the crowing of cooks goes nbout the aountry in tho night from farm to farm, accesses of coughing arose, nnd spread, and died in the distanco, nnd sprang up again. Knoll miserable shivcror caught tho suggestion from his neigh bor, was torn for some minutes by that cruel eoBtasy, and left spent and without voice or courage wlion it passed. If a man had pity to spend, Papcoto beach, on that cold night, and in that infected soason, was a place to spend it on. And of all the sufferers, perhaps the least deserv ing but surely the most pitiable was the London olerlr. Ho was used to another life — to houses, beds, nursing, and the dainties of tho siok room ; he lay hero now, in the oold open, exposed to tho gusting of tiio wind, and with an empty belly. Ho was, besides, infirm ; the disease shook him to the vitals ; and his companions watched his oniliiranco with surprise. A profound commiseration filled thorn, nnd oontcndod with and conquered their abhorrence. The disgust at tendant on so ugly a sickness magnified this dislike ; nt tho same time, and with more than compensating strength, shame for n Bentiment so inhuman hound them tho more straitiy to his servioo ; nnd even the evil they knew of him swcilod their solicitude, for the thought of death is always least supportable when it draws near to the merely sousual and selfish. Sometimes they held him up ; sometimes, with mistakon hopofulneas, thoy beat him between tho shoul ders ; and when the poor wrctoli lay baok ghastly and spent nftera paroxysm of coughing thoy would aomotimos peer into ids face, doubtfully exploring it for any mark of life. There is no one but has noma virtue j that of the olork was courage, anil lie would make haste to reassure them in a pleasantry not nlwayB decent. "I'm all right, pals," ho gasped once ; "this is thn thing to strengthen tho miisolcs of the larynx. " "Well, you. take the oake.l" cried tho cap tain. A " "OH! I'm ""good pluoked'enough, pursiied the eufTcrer, wlth'a' broken utterance. ''But it doseemblooniin' 'ard .to'ma that I should bo tho only party to be dowrf wlth' this form of viae, and the only one to do. t)io funny business. I think one of you other parties .might' walk up. Tell afollow'somothing." I r, "Tho trouble is-we'.ve nothing to tell, my son," returned the' captain. . "I'll tell you,' if i;ou' like;' what T was think., log," said Heirick, "Tell us anything," said the olerk; "I on'v want to ho reminded that I ain't dead." Herriok took up his parable, lying on his face and speaking Blowly, and scarce above his breath, not liko a man who has anything to say, but liko ono talking against time. "Well, I was thinking this," he began. "I was thinking I lny on Papeete Benoh ono night —all moon nnd squalls and fellows coughing— and I was cold and hungry, and down in tho month, and was about 90 years of age, and had epont about 220 of them on Papooto Boaoh. And I was thinking I wished I hnd a ring to rub, or had a fairy godmother, or oould raise Boolzebub. And I was trying to romembor how yon did it. I knew you mndo a ring of Bkulls, for I had seon that in tho Freischillz : and that you took off your coat and turned up youraloevos, for I had soon Formes do that when he was playing ICaBpar, nnd you oould see (by tho way ho went about it) it was a business he had studied, and that you ought to have somothing to kiok up a smoko and a bail smell — I daresay a cigar might do— and that you ought to say tho Lord's Prnyor baokward. Well, I woudered if I oould do that ; it seemed rather a feat, you see. And then I wondered if I oould say it forward, nnd I thought I did. Well, no soonor had I got to "world without ond" than I saw an old man in a pariu ond with a mat under his arm oomo along tho beach from the town. He was rather a hard favored old party, and he limped and oripplcd, nnd all the timo ho kept coughing. At first I didn't ootton to his looks, I thought, nnd thon I got sorry for tho old soul beeause ho oonghod so hard. I remombercd wo had some of that cough mixture the American oonsul gave the captain for Hay. It never did Hay . a ha'p'orth of servioo, but ; I thought it might do tho old gentleman's business for him, and stood up. ' Yorana !' said I. ' Yorr.a !' says he. ' Look here,' I said, ' I've got some first rate stuff in a bottle, it'll fix your cough, savvy ? Harry my and will measure you out a tablsspoonful in tho palm of my hand, for all onr pinto is at the bankers',' So I thought tho old party came up, and tho nearer ho camo the leas I took to him. But I had passed my word, you see ?" "What is this bloomin' drivel?" interrupted tho olerlr. "It's liko tha rot there is in traots." " It's a story ; I used to tell thorn to the kids at home," said Herriok. "If it bores you, I'll drop it." " Oh, qut along," returned tiie siok man, irri tably. "It's bettor than nothing." " Well," oontinued Herriok, "I had no sooner given him the cough mixture than he seemed to straighten up and change, and I saw he wasn't a Tnhitian after all, but some kind of an Arab, and had a long beard on Ills oliin. ' Ono good turn desorvea another,' says J;»| 'I am a maglolan out of tho Arabtan Nights, and this mat that I have under my arm is the original earpot of Mohammed Ben Somebody-or-other. Say tho word and you oan havo a oruiso upon tho carpet.' 'You don't moan to say this is the Travelling Carpet ?' I cried. 'You hot I do,' said he. ' You've boon to Amcriaa since last I read tho Arabian Niyhts,' said I, a little auspioious. 'I should think so,' said he. 'Bcon every where. A man with a carpot like this isn't going to msnidcr in a semi-dotaohod villa' Y.rvii, that struok mo ns reasonable, 'All right,' I said; 'and do you mean to tell mo I can got on that earpet and go straight to London, England V I said ' Lon don, England,' aaptain, beoanso he seemed to liavo boon so long in your part of tho world. 'In the oraok of a whip,' said he. I figured up the time. What is tho differonee between Papeete and London, captain 1" Taking Greenwieh aud Point Venus, nlno hours, odd minutes and seoondB," replied the mariner." . Well,, that's about what I mado it," re sumed Herriok, "about nine hours. Galling this throo in tho morning, I made out I would drop into London about noon ; and tho idea tiokled mo immensoiy. 'There's only one bother,' I said, 'I haven't a copper cent. It would he a pity to go to London and uot buy the morning Standard.' ' Oil,' said ho, 'you don't realise tiie conveniences of this oarpot. You soo this pooket ? You've only got to stiak your hand in and yon pull it out filled with sovereigns.'" "Double eagles, wasn't it ?" inquired the captain. " That was what it was !" oried Horrick. " I thought they seemod unusually big, and I re member now I had to go to the monoy ohangsr's at Oharing Cross and get English silver," "Oil, you wont, then?" said the clerk. "Wot did you do ? Bet you bad a B and S. " "Well, you seo, it. was just as tho old boy said— like tho cut of a whip," said Hsiriok. " The one minute I wae here an tho beaoh at throe in the morning, the next I wn3 in front of tiie Goldon Cross at mid-day. At first I was dazzled, aud oovorcd my eyes, and there didn't seem tho smallest change ; tiie roar of the Strand and tho roar of tho reef wero like the same, ' Hark to it now, and yon can hear the eabs and bnsea rolling nml the streets resound i And then at last I would look about, and there was the old place, and no mistake ! . witli tho statues in the square, and St. Martiu's-in-tlie Fields, nnd tho bobbies, and the sparrows, nnd the hacks ; and I can't tell you what I felt like. I felt likeorying, I believe, ordanoing, or jump ing olean ovor tho Nelson column. I was liko a fellow onught up out of hell, and flung down into thedandiastpartof lieavon. Then I spottod for a handsome with a snanking horse. 1 A shilling for yourself if you ro there in twenty minutes 1' said I to tho jarv'ey. He went a good paoe, though, of course, it was a trifle to the carpet ; and in nineteen minutes aud a half I was at the door." " What door ?" asked the captain. " Oh, a house I know of," returned Herriok. " Bet it was a publio house oried the olerk —only these were not his words. "And why didn't you take the earpet thero instead of trundling in a growler?" " I didn't want to startle a quiot street," said the narrator. "Bad form. And, besides, it wasn hansom." " Well, nnd what did you do next?" inquired the captain. " Oh, I went in," said Herriok. " The old folks ?" askod the oapiain.' _ :. " That's about it," said the other, ohowing a grass. "Well, I think you are about the poorest 'and at a yarn !" oried the olork. "Crikey, it's liko Ministering Children ! I oan toll you there would be mora beer and skittles nbout my little jaunt. I would go and have a B. and S. for Iuok. Then I would get a big ulster with astraohan fur, and take my eano and do the la-do-da'down Piccadilly.- Then I would go to a slap-up restaurant, anil have green peas and a bottle of fizz and a chump chop — oh I and I forgot, I'd 'arc somo devilled w'itebait first, and green gooseberry , tart and 'ot oofieo, nnd some of that form of vioo in big bottles with a seal — Benodlotine— that's the bloomin' name 1 Then I'd drop into a theatre, nnd pal on with soino chappies and do the dancing rooms and bars and that, and wouldn't go 'ome till morn ing, till daylight doth, appear. And the' next day I'd 'avc water orensos, 'am, muffin and fresh butter ; wouldn't I just, 0 my !" Tho olork was interrupted by a fresh attack of eonghiug. " Wall, now, I'll tell you what I would do," said the captain, I would liavo.none of your fancy rigs with the > man driving from the mizzon oross trees,' but a plain fore and aft hack oab of the highost registered tonnage. First of nil, I would bring up at tho mnrkot and got a turkey and a sucking pig. Thon I'd go to a wine merchant's and get a dozen of champagne and a dozen of some sweet wine, rich and stioky and strong, something in tho port or Madeira line, tho best in tho store. Thon I'd boar up for a toy Btore, and lay out 20 dol, in assorted toys for tho piokaninnies ; and then to a oonfeotionor's, and take in oakes and pics nnd fnnay bread, and that stuff with tho plums in it ; and then to a news agonoy, and buy all tho paperB, all tho picture ones for tho kids, and all tho story papers for tho old girl about the oarl diseovoring himself to Anna Mariar, and tho escape of tho Lady Maud from the prirato madhouso ; and then I'd toll tho follow to drivo homo." " Thoro ought to bo some syrup for tho kids," suggostod Herriok. "They liko syrup." Yes, syrup for the kids— red syrup at that 1" said tho captain. "And those things they pnll at, and go pop, and havo meaely poetry inside. And thon I tell you we'd havo a thanksgiving day and Christmas tree combined. Great Scott 1 but I would liko to seo the kids I I guots they would light right out of the house, when they saw daddy driving up. My litile Ada—" Tho captain stopped sharply. ' " Well, keep it up," said tho olerk. "The damned thing is, I don't know If they aren't starving I" oried tho oaptain. "They cannot bo worse off than we are,, and that's ono oomfort," returned the olerk. "I defy tho devil to make me worse off. It seemed as if the devil heard him. Tho light of the moon had been somo time cut off, and they had talked in darkness. Now thero was heard a roar, which drew impotuously nearer ; tho face of the lagoon was seen to whlton, and before they had staggered to their feet a squall burst in rain upon the ontoasts. The rage and volumo of that avalanoho one must havo lived in the tropics to conooivo. A man panted in its assault as he might pant under a shower bath, and tho world aoemed 'whelmed in niglit and water. They fled, groping for their usual Bholter— it might be almost caliod their home — in the old oalabooso ; oame drenched into its empty oham- 1 bers, and lay down, three sops of humanity, on the cold coral floors. And prosently, when tho squall was overpassed, tho othors oould hear in the darkness tho chattering of tho elerk'B teeth. " I say, you follows," ho wailod, " for God's sake lie up and try to warm me. I'm blymed if I don't think I'll die else ! " So the three oropt together Into one wet mass, and lay until uay oaine, shivering and dozing .off, and aontluualiy reawakoned to wretohedneBs by tho coughing of tho olerk. Chapter II.— Morning ok the Beaoh. .The Three Letters. The olouds were all fled, tho beauty "of the tropie day was spread upon Papeete ; and the wall of breaking seas upon the reef, nnd the palms upon tho islet, already trembled in the heat. A French man-of-war was going out, homeward bound ; she lay in the middle distanco Of the port, an ant heap for aotivity. In the night a sohoon;: hnd uomo in, and now lay far out, bard by tho passage, and the yellow flag, the emblem of poatilence, flew on her. From up the coast .a long procession of oanocs headed round tho point and towards the inarkot, bright as a scarf with tho many eolored olothing of tho natives and tho piles of fruit. But not ercu tho beauty and tho weleomo warmth of tho morning, not oven these naval movements, so interesting to sailors and to idlers, oould ougage the atten tion of tho outcasts. Thoy wsre still oold at heart, their mouths sour from tho want of sleep, their steps rambling from tho lack of food ; and they strung liko lame gcoso along the beaoh In a disheartened silcnco. It was towards tho town they moved ; towards tbo town whenoo smoke arose, where happier folk wero breakfasting; and as they went, their hungry eyes weio upon all sideB, but they were only soouting for a meal. A small and dingy sohooner lay snug against the quay, with wliioh it was oonneotod by a plank. On the forward dcok under a spot of awning, five Kanakas, who made up the arow, wcro squatted round a basin of fried fois and drinking coffee from tin mugs. " Eight bells. Knook off for breakfast ?" cried the oaptain, with a misarable heartiness. " Never tried thie oraft before ; positively my first appoarauee. Guoss I'll draw a bumper, house." Ho camo oloso up to where tho plank rested on the grassy quay, turnod his baok upon the sclioonor, anil began to whistle that lively air The Irish Washerwoman. It eanght the ears of the Kanaka seamen like a preconcerted signal. .With one acoord thoy looked up from thair meal and arowded to the ship's side, fei in hand, and munohing as thoy looked.- Even as a poor brown Fyrenean bear dances in the streets of Eoglish towns under his master's bfiton, oven so, but with how muoh more of spirit and precision, the enptaiu footed it in timo to his own whistling, end his long morning shadow capered beyond him on tho grass. The Kanakas smiled on the performance ; Herriok looked on heavy eyed, hunger for tho moment conquering all sense of shame ; nnd, a little further off, but still hard by, tiie olerk was torn by the seven devils of tho influonzs. The captain stopped suddenly, appeared to peroeive his audience for the first timo, and re presented the part of a man surprised In his prlvnto hour of pleasure. "Hello !" said he. The Kanakas olapped hands and called upon bim to go on. "No, sir," said tho captain. "No eat, no danoe. Savvy?" " Poor old mon !" returned one ot the erow. "Him no eat ?" "Lord, no!" said the captain; "Like-umtoo much oat. No got." "All right. Me got," said the sailor. "You tome here. Plenty toffee, plenty tel. Nutha man bim tome too. ' "IguesB we'll drop right in," observed the oaptain, and he and his companions hastened up the plank. They were welcomed on board with tho shaking of ' hands ; place was made for them about tho baein; a stioky demijohn of molasses was added to the feast in honor of oompany, and an aooordlon brought from the forecastle and significantly laid by tho per former's side. "Aria>ia,"+ said he, lightly touohing the instrument as ho spoko ; and he fell to on a long savory fei, made an end of it, raised his mug of coffee, nnd nodded across to the spokesman of tha crow. "Hero's your health, old man. You're a oredlt to the Soutir Pacific," said he. With ' tho unsightly greed of hounds they glutted themselves with the hot food olid ooffee; and even tho clerk revived aud tho oolor deepened in his oyes. The kottlo was drained ; the basin donned ; their entertainers, who had waited on their wants throughout with the pteated hospitality of Polynesians, made haste to bring forward a dessert of island tobacoo and rolls of pandanus leaf to sorvo as paper ; and prosently all sat about tho dishes puffing like Indian saehems! "When a man 'ae breakfast everyday, he don't know wot it is," observed the olerk. ; "The next point ie dinner," said Herriok ; and then, with n passionate utterance, I wiuh to God I wns'a Kanaka !". 'There's ono thing sure," said the oaptain. "I'm about dosporate. I'd rather hang than rot hero muoh longer." And with the word he " took tho accordion nnd struck up Home, Sweet Home. . "Oh, drop that!" oried Herriok. "I can't, stand that." . "No more can I,"sald the oaptain. . "I've ; got to play something . though; got to pay the allot, my son. And he struok. up John Brown's Body in a fine sweet baritono ; Dandy, Jim of Carolina oame next, Boring the Bold, Swing Low, Sweet Chariot and tho Beautiful Land' followed. Tho onptain was paying his shot with usury, as ho had dono many a timo .before; many a meal had he bought with tho samo our- .- ronoy from tho molodious mindod natives, - always, as now, to their delight. Ho was in tho middlo of Fifteen Dollars in tho Inside Fookot, singing with dogged onorgy, . for tho task went sore against tho 'grain, whon a sensation was suddonly to bo observed among.- - tho orew. " Tapena Tom harry my," said the spokes man pointing. . And tho tree bpnohoomhers, following h i r in- dieation, saw tho- figure of- a man iu- pyjama - trousers and a white jumper approaching brinkly. ; from tho town. . "That's Tapena Tom, is it?" said tho captain, pausing in his musio. " I don't seem to plaoe the brute." . "We'd better out," Baid tho olerk, "'E's no gOOd." ' ; " Woll,"said tbo musioian, doliboratoly, "one can t most generally always tell. I'll try it on, I guoss Musio has oharms to sooth tho savago tapena, boys. We might striko it rich ; it' might amount to iced punoh in tho cabin." " Hieed punoh ? O, my I" said tho elorlr, Give him something 'ot, oaptain. Way down .' the Swanee River ; try that." " No, sir. Looks Scotch," said the .captain ; and ho struok for his life into Auld Lang Syne. - Captain Tom oontinued to approaoh with tho ' same busineBsliko alaority, no change was to be perceived in his boarded faco as he came swing ing up the plank ; ho did not even turn his eyes on tho porformor. Wo twa hao paidled in the burn', Frae morning tide till dine, went the Bong. Oaptain Tom had a paroel undor his arm, whioh he laid on the houso roof, and thon turn ing suddenly to the strangers, " Horo, you !" he hollowed, " be off out of that 1" The clerk ond Herriok etsad not ' on the order of their going, but fled incontinently by tho plank. Tho performer, on tho other hand, flung down the instrument and rose to his full height slowly. " What's thai you say ?" he said. " I've half a mind to give yon a lesson in oivility." "You set up any more of your gab to me," returned the Sootohman, " and I'll Bhow ye the wro-ang side of a jyle. I'vo heard tell of the three Of ye. Yo'ro not long for hero, I oan tell ye that. The Goavernmont has their oyes upon ye. They mako ohoart work of damned beaeh- eombers, I'll say that for the Frenoli." "You wait till I catoh you off your ship 1" orlcd the captain, nnd thon turning to tho orew, "Good by, you fellows!" ho said. "You're gentlemen, anyway ! The worst niggor among you would look better upon the quarter-deck than that filthy Sootohman." Captain Tom scorned to reply. He watohed ' with a hard smile the departure of his guests, aud as soon as tha Inst foot was off tho plank, turned to the hands to work cargo. Tho beachcombers beat their inglorious re treat along tho shore, Herriok first, his face dark with blood, Mb knees trembling undor him ' with the hysteria of rage. Presently, under the same purao whoro they had shivered the night - bofore, lie oast himself down and groaned aloud, and ground his face into the sand. " Don't speak to me, don't speak to me; I - can't stand it," broke from him. The other two stood over him perplexed. ' " Wot, oan't he stand now?" said the olerk. " Asu't he 'ad a meal ? Tm liekin' my lips." Horriok reared up his wild eyes and burning face. "I can't beg 1" lie Borcamed, and again threw himsolf prone. " This thing s got to como to an end," said the oaptain, with an intake of the breath. " Looks like signs of an ond, don't it ?" sneered - tho olerk. "Ho's not so far from it, and don't you deceive yourself," repliod the captain. " Well," he added, in. a livelier voioe, "you fellows hang on here, and I'll go and interview my repre sentative," Whereupon ho turned on his heel, and sot off at a swinging sailor's walk towards 'Papeete.- It was some half hour later whon he re turned. The olerk was dozing with bis back against tho tree ; Herriok still lay where he had . flung liimBelf ; nothing showed whother he slept or waked. " See, boys," oried tho aaptain, with that artificial heartlnosa of his whioh waB at times so painful; "here's a new idea." And he pro- dueod note paper, stamped envelopes and ponerls, three of eaoh. " Wo oan all write home by the mail brigantine. The counsel says I can como - ovor to his plaoe and ink up tho addresses. " " Well, that's a start, too," said the olerk. " I never thought of that." " It was that yarning last niglit about going homo that put me up to it," said the oaptain. "Well, 'and over," said tha olerk; "I'll have a shy.'1 And ho retired a little distanco to the shade of a canoe. . Tbo othere remained under tho purao. Now ! thoy would writo a word or two, nowsoribblo.it out ; now they would sit biting at the pohcil end and staring seaward ; now their eyes would rest on the olork, where he sat proppod on tho oanoc, leering nnd coughing, his penoil raoing glibly on the paper. " I oan't do it," said Herriok, auddehly. " I , haven't got tho heart " "See here," said the captain, speaking with " nnwontod gravity, "it may bo hard to write, and to write lies at that ; and God knows it is ;, but it's the square thing. It don't eost anything to lay you're well and happy, and sorry yon - oan't mako a remittanoa this mail ; and if you don't I'll tell you what I think it is— I think it's , about tho high water mark of being a brute beast." "It's easy to talk," said Horriok. "You don't seem to have written muoh yourself, I. notice." " What do you bring in me for ?" broke from the onptain. His voioe was indeed soarce raised abovo a whispor, but emotion ciangod in it. . " What do you know about ma ? . If you had commanded the finest bat que that' ever sailed from Portland ; if you had been drunk in your berth when she struok the breakers in Fourteen Island Group, and hadn't iiad tho wit to stay thero and drown, but camo on deck, and given drunken orders, and lost six lives — I could understand your talking then ! There," he said, more quietly,, "that's my yarn, and now you know it. It's a pretty one for tho father of a family. Five men and n woman murdered.- Yes, there was a woman on board, and hadn't no business to be, either. -Guese I sent her to hell, if there is suoh a plaoe. I never dered go liomo again ; aild the wife and the little ones went to Eugland to her father's place. I don't ' 'Come here. :': Captain Toin Is coining. " know what's oome to thorn," ho added, with a bitter shrug. „ _ .. ,, T "Thank you, captain," said Horriok. 1 never liked yon bettor." Thoy shook hands, short and hard, with eyes Averted, tenderness swelling in their bosoms. Now, boys ! to work ogam at lying, eaid tbf, j'a'glvo my father up," returned Horriok, with a writhon smllo. " I'll try my aweetheart Instead, for a obango of ovils." And Lore is what ho wrote " BMMA,— I have scratched out the beginning to my father, for I think I onn writo more easily to you, This is my last farowcll to all, the last yon will ever hear or see of an unworthy friend nnd son. I havo failed in life, I am quite broken down and disgraced ; I pasB under a false name ; you will havo to toll my father that with all your kindness. It is my own fault. I know, had I ohosen, thnt I might have done well ; and yet, I swoar to you I triod to choose. I oould not bear that you should think I did not try ; for i loved you all. VoumuBt never doubt mo in that, you least of alL I have always unceas ingly loved, but what was my love worth ? and what was I worth ? I had not the manhood of a common olerk ; I could not work to earn you. I havo lost you now, and for your sake I coulu bo glad of it. When you drat oame to my father's house— do you remember those days ? I want you to ; you saw the beat of me then, all that was good in me. Do you remember the day I took your hand and would not lot it go ? And tho day on Battersea-bridgo, when we were looking at a bargo, and I began to tell ono of my silly stories, and broke off to say I loved you ? That was tho beginning, and now hero is tho ond. When you have read this lettsr, you will go round and kiss them all good-bya — my father and mother, and the children, one by one, and poor uncle ; and tell them ell to forget me, and forget mo yourself. Turn tho key in the door ; let no tbo.ught ot me return ; bo.dono with the poor ghost that protended ho was n man, ami stole your love. Scorn of mysolf grinds in me as I write. I should tell you I am well.and happy, and want for nothing. I do not oxnotly make money, or I should send a remittance ; but I am well cared for, have friends, live in a beautiful plaoo and climate Ruoh as we have dreamed of together, and no pity need be wasted on me. In such places, yon under stand, it is easy to live, and livo well, but often bard to make sixpenoe in money. Explain this to' my father,' he will understand. I have no more to say : only lingor going out, like an un willing guesr. Oed in heaven bless you. Think of me nt the last, here, on a bright beach, the Bky and sea immoderately blue, and the great breakers roaring outside on a barrier reef, where a little isle sits green with palms. I am well and strong. It is a more pleasant way to die than if ' you were crowding about mo on a sick bed. And yet I am dying. This is my last kiss. Forgive, forget tho unworthy." So far he had written, his paper was all filled, when there returned a memory of evenings at the piano, and that song, the masterpiece of love, in which so many have found the expres sion of their dearest thoughts. Eimt, 0 Wander! lie added. More was' not required ; be knew that, in his love's heart, the context would spring up, eaoorted with fair images and harmony ; of how nil through life her name Bhould tremble in his cars, her name be every where repeated in the sounds of Nature ; and when death came and he lay dissolved, her memory linger and thrill among his ele ments. Once, Q wnpger I once from the ashes of my heart Aroso a blossom — Horriok and the oaptain finished their letters about tho same time ; each was breathing deep, nnd thoir oyos met and were averted as they cloned the envelopes. "Sorry I write so big," said tho captain gruffly. "Came all of a rush when it did oome." "Satno here," said Hcrrick. "I could havo done with a ream when I got startod ; but it's long enough for all the good I had to say." They were still at the addresses when the olerk strolled up, smirking and twirling his envelope like a man well pleased. He looked over Hcrriok's shoulder. "Hullo," he said, " you ain't writing 'ome." " I am,- though," said Horriok. "She lives with my father. Oh, I see what you mean," lie added. "My real name is Horriok. No more Hay "—they had both used the same alias— " no moro Hay. than yours, I daresay." " Clean bowlod in the middlo stump !" laughed the olerk. "My name's 'Uish, if you want to know. Everybody iias a false namo in the Pacific. Lay you fivo to three the captain 'as." "So I. have, too," replied the captain. "And I've novor told my own since the day I tore tho title page out of my Eowditch and Dung the damned thing into the sea. But I'll tell it to you, boyB. John Davis is my name, I'm Davis of : the Sea Raugor." "Dooceyou are!" said Hnish. "And what was aho ? A pirate or a slaver ?" " She was the fastest barque out of Portland Main," replied the captain; "and fertile way I lest her I might as well have bored a hole in bor side with an auger." "Oh, you.lost her, did you 1" said the alork. " 'Ope she was insured ?" No answer being roturnod to this sally, Huish, still brimming over with vanity and conversation, struck into another subject, "I've a good mind to read you my letter," said he. " I'vo a good fist with a pon ' when I ohoose, and this is a prime lark. She was a barmaid I ran across in Northampton, She woe a spanking fino piece, no end of style ; and wo cottoned at first sight like parties in the play. I suppose I spent the change of a fiver on that girl: Well, I 'appencd to remember her name, ro I wrote to her, and told her 'ow I had got rich, and married a queen in the Hislands, and lived in a blooming- palace. Suoh a sight of crammors 1 I must read you one bit about my opening tho nigger Parliament in a cocked 'at. It's really prime." The captain jumped to his feet. " That's what yon did with the paper that I went and begged for you ?" ho roared. It was perhaps lucky for Huish — it was surely in thd_ end unfortunate for all — that ho was seized just then by one of his prostrating accesses of oougli ; his comrades would have else deserted him, so bitter was their resentmout. When the fit had passed, the olerk rcaohed out his hand, picked up the letter, which hail fallen to tlio earth, and -tore it into fragments, stamp and all. '"Does that satisfy yon 1" he'asked,'snllon!y.' '"We'll say no more about it," replied Davis. \- (to be continued.) 