Was it a Ghost they Saw ? 11us. IH. H. JEN.?SNGS live at No. 211. Main Street. Bridgeport. and Miss Minnie Parrot ooards with her. The house is an old one, bat .a cood order One night early in December se),tl the two women locked all the doors and .ennt to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the aou-t. 'ney leIt the gas burning, however,in :he irort parlour. At about half-past eleven .ney returned, and entered the house laughing .mt talking. But as they went into the parlour ,ne merry humour died out of them in a second. etsght in the middle of the room stood a dark ,:ana of gigantic stature. The upper part of his :ace was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleam img through the eyeholes in it. His shirt te eves were rolled up, and in one hand he car.ied a long. old- fashioned pistol. 1 he women ,ed screaming from the room, and when M.r. Jennings came in tive minutes later he found no oae in the parlour and allthedoorsand windows ,ecurelv locked. What wasit thewomen saw? • " During a recent period of ill health." writes, an American friend. '" I had slept badly for .,veeral successi+e nights. On the .:ourth of .ac.e nights about two o'clock, 1 was suddenly _ruused troutm a doze by "" what seemed like the .ul:::g of my name;" and at the foot of the bed stZai the image of my mother just as ,tte looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on -shich journey she ,a-, killed in a railway disaster. I screamed intd taunted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, ,,nd the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get swell. Yet I did, and am In perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play oft on you :when your Fystem isoutofcondition. In March, is;, tt vas, that Mrs Jane Foster, of Darra 'ott Road, I'ckesdown. Hants, wrote us as fol lows :--"I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me, ,et I did not wish theu far, away in case I should call out for help. This was in June. SSi. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most ot the time. My skin was dry and yellow.and the stomach and botels felt cold and dead, By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain esen that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadiully I thought 1 should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I ,wouid never get better. '" I had given up all hope, when one day .Mrs West, of Bournemouth. called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was' herself just as badly oft, and was cured by Motier Seigel's Curative: yrup. As she seemed tohave sc much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I -?ent down stairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can cat and digest my food. and all my nervousness has left me " The malady Mrs Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostra tion. The original cause was grief and shock at the- violent death of her husband, by acci dent, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Wha:ever may be your opinion of the Bridge port ghost. it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestionand dyspepsia. Ghosts cone from the inside of the person who sees them,and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does ts waork the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 