Wired Whispers. Ten horses, owned and driven by a nonunionist carrier named George Henderson, have been shot on theRichmond road, Nbrth- West. A young man named Harry Ward was returning with a number of others from a party at Oakey Creek, near Georgetown, when his horse fell, breaking his neck and falling on the rider, who was killed almost instantaneously. The experimental shipment of chilled beef by the Port Pirie has proved a comparative failure, in. consequence of a breakdown of tbe machinery at Colombo, but up to that time the meat Was in excellent conditioii, and has been sold in London at a considerable advance on the prices ruling for frozen beef. Sixty soldiers killed by an explosion of cartridges in a magazine at Rio de Janeiro. An earthquake in Japan has caused great loss of life and property. A serious conflict is expected between the unionists on strike at the Co-operative Colliery, in New South Wales, and~the nonunionists, BO a strong body of police has been sent to the spot. The French authorities are inquiring about Tasmaniau woods for street-paving purposes. Teresa M'Corm&'ck, aged 17, of North Wangarratta (Vic.), drowned while fording a stream on horseback. Tne horse was found with the saddle wet, and the body of the girl was found in a deep hole. Mabel Thomas fell from her horse while crossing the upper King River (Vic.). Her brother attempted to rescue her, but without success. Harfy Nichols was bitten on the lip by a brown fcnake. He cut the piece out with' a knife, and then covered it with the nicotine out of the stem of his pipe. Beyond feeling a little drowsy, no ill effects occurred, and next day he was well. The Livadia correspondeet of the British Mtdkcd Journal reports that the puncturing of the Czar's legs has relieved the dropsy. The doctors have decided to perform an operation with a view to relieve the effusion into the thoracic cavity. President Cleveland, writing from Washington, says that the death of the Czar of Russia would be an international calamity, and that bis prominent characteristic, arid his power fotf peace, entitle him to the gratitude of the nations. General Shofield, the Commander-in- Chief of the United States Army, has reported to the Government that the army is inadequate to enforce federal authority in view of the labour strikes which are- probable. The General considers it necessary to increase the artillery and cavalry forces by at least four regiments each. A swagman, whose name is unknown, was killed by lightning at Liddy's farmhouse, near Dawson (S.A.), while sitting at dinner. The lightning, which struck the veranda, also dazed three members of the family. A deputation Has asked the Colonial Secretary to amend the Brands Act so as to permit of cattle being branded in six portions of the body instead of four, and Mr. Tozer promised to prepare a bill dealing with the matter. The giBt of it is, to permit branding on the neck, and so save spoiling the hides to the time of .£48,000 per annum; A serious disturbance has arisen at Thursday Island amongst the pearlshellers employed by the Queensland Company. Seven men for; whom warrants have been issued have resisted arrest, and are supported by over a hundred others armed with re vol vets and knives. Douglas has ordered but the local army, and the men have since surrendered, 4-t a meeting of ratepayers held at the Albion, a resolution was adopted protesting afeainift' the proposal' of' the Booroobabin Divisional Board Ho Establish a toll on the ft is ieporteil that a rich discovery of gold has been m^de in kangaroo Island, Soiith J Australia. - Mr. Laws, M;L,A., of New South Wales, has forwarded to the Premier a petition from reBide^ta irf New Australia, praying foi aid to enable, xhem to Wturn from Paraguay Seventy'trottls" ate teOrioehifed, and their only Whh ts/ to "be ienfcbled" to return to the country they so foolishly left. Tha^Gijind JDuke George/second son of the Czar, in consequence of the ^condition of hia health, has decided to renounce his claims a&'beir presumptive to theftuntfan throne in favour of his younger fcr&sher;, tH6 Grand Duke Michael. Mr. W. H/ Mercer, of the Colonial Office, has asked t^e Hawaiian ^^eriiment foir a lease of Necker -Island for xsabld purpMes, and also for an annual subsidy from-'Hatfaii of £76!» fpr fifteen years, >ffers J» lay a cable'to Hawaii,' and to nu _ the rate „ for public' tdesiage^ w ahUlin^ ^er word^ "wltibi aloWer rate for public 'and Ptes? men conditional upon Hawaii ceding Ni Jslaitn faitfluii^ DJ.-i.i . uisown men oer, saying He haS nd'Bui<jh authority be claims. The French Givernment are meniciug China with reprisals unless a lon» list of claims is satisfactorily settled. Ia consequence of these representation-*, two Chinese Generals have been charge 1 with co-virdice and extortion, and with murdering Frenchmen, and it is expected that they will be beheaded. The Japanese Government have again refused to entertain any proposals for peace with China unless the successes gained by the Japanese are recognised. It is reported that China is willing to accede to these demands. The bodies of the Chinese who were killed in the battle at Ping Yang, in Northern Corea, some time ago, are still unbaried, and the sanitary condition of the country is simply horrible. A manifesto signed by the '' Party of Russian Rights " has been circulated secretly in St. Petersburg. The manifesto demands the restoration of the popular rights which have been usurped by a despotic Government. • A disorderly scene occurred in the New South WaleB Assembly last Thursday night, a lively altercation taking place between Sir George Dibbs and Mr. Brunker, and a resort to blowB was narrowly averted. " Damn-Chicago" was in great f jrm in sweats. President Cleveland has formally recog nised the consuls appointed by Hawaii, and has thus acknowled the Hawaiian Republic. The Czar of Russia, in view of his t p- proaching end, has dictated a loving far^wel to his ppople. The Czar witch and the Princess Alix have been formally bethrothed, but the wedding has been postponed. News from Livadia states that the State -carriages to be used at the wedding have arrived there, and simultaneously the State mourning coaches, which will be ready in the event of the Czar's death. Just the opposite, this time of the old lines : — " The funeral bak'd meats Did coldly furnish forth the marriage tables." It is rumoured that at the caucus meeting of Government members of the Legislative Assembly held on Wednesday, the amount of the proposed loan was stated to be jgl.OJO.OCO. A list of railways proposed to be constructed was submitted. Several members expressed themselves as opposed to any borrowing at the present time. No decision was arrived at as to the railways to be authorised. The publisher of the Melbourne Age has been fined £150 and costs, for contempt of court, in having published certain remarks by Mr. Syme in the Speight versus Symp libel case, whilst the case was proceeding. The fine was paid in gold. "Bluey" vendor Barry has recovered £1279 damages for an accident caused by the carelessness of the South Melbourne Council in leaving a heap of metal in the -middle of the road. The late Dean of Melbourne used to make his serm ms exactly half-an-hour long, and, when preaching, always kept his watch before him so that hiB " Amen 1" would fall on the exact tick. A London softsgoodsman, whose friends paid £250 apprenticeship money for him to learn his business, aad who was acknowledged to be one of the very best of judges of lace in the city, came out here recently, and the best chance he could find of employment •was the choice between managing the lace department for a prominent softgoods house at 30s. a week, and the billet of a nightly pilgrim at £3 a week. He took the latter, on the ground that it yielded more money and required less judgment, the discussion among a number of bailiffs on a recent evening shaped itself into— Which nationality pursues the debtor with tnoBt relentlessness ? The red-noaed men collated many experiences, and, after throwing out the French, German, Chinese and English creditor, they settled down hard on the Scotchman, the Irishman and the Israelite. Ultimately the Scotchman was dropped, and on votes being taken the Irishman and the Jew were a tie. A certain Australian postal official, who has for years past been employed on night and Sunday duty only, has two youngsters of four and five respectively. For the first ? time in two years he has had a Sunday off the last three weeks. Last Sunday the fouryear-old shocked her mother by enquiring, " Who is the bald man, mamma, that carves the meat these last three Sundays ?" A Vic. Woman Suffrage League lately held a mock election. There were eleven candidates and the man returned was the hero of two dirty divorces. The women, perhaps, don't know that, but the result proves that woman's instinct is unerring. Several notorious prostitutes are now walking Sydney arrayed in nnrses'-uniform. In London, * few years ago, some of these people used to dress as nine, and when men accustomed to the modest, downtart eye of nun dom sot from the owl-faced bogus " sister a boll, bad wink, they nearly f&down; with Melboarne hairdresser offers to " artistioally paint out black eyes received at football, boxing, W "&c.;" is good. At a Ballarat concert, last week, a lady, while playing the piano, "suddenly threw up her arms and expired. Her husW&nd; was playing a violin accompaniment." A man's wife is usually his harshest critic. Do Card. Moran and the Australian Archbishops purpose backing up Papal Legate Sattoli in excluding publicans from all R.C. religious societies? Also, brewers? Also, drinkers? If not, why not? What essential difference exists between the religious aspect of the Australian grog-question and the American grog- question ? When Taloiage was in Palestine, he " converted" an elderly Yankee millionaire belonging to the party and baptised him in the Jordan. Talmage and the convert were both dressed in nothing save a pair of blue bathing-pants apiece, and it was such a sight as hadn't been seen in Palestine since John appeared in his camel's-hair costume long ago. " Suppose the news came that General Booth had taken a young wife?" Well, wr predict that the news wtli come. Any wellreserved old saint with such a hook-nose, Cnuckly fingers, and glittering eye, is sure to take a wife—a young wife—and she is bound to have money too. When the Brisbane reconstructed banks reduce their interest on deposits to 3 per cent., what will be the sulphurous language of those cute individuals who bought depositreceipts at 16s or so? And how will the welkin ring with their wild ^cry of " Where do we come in ?" It i " thing to be a cute individual theue Q.N. Bank shares farther decline —sellers, 3s 6d ; . It's really time the Governi another loan and firmed the marlci Dr. O'Hara, of Mel hand after "plugging" policy to land any lawyi Purves, Q.C.,gotin ful blow upon O'H&ra.; street fi^ht. Afterwards, with a newspaper reporter. N.S.W. Judge Windeyer remained fogged for several days lately as to whether or not a woman is citable as co-respondent in divorce. The Judge's wife and w-o nen righters generally, all through the Madame Sterling fever, logically insisted that women are and should be so citable. A Ballarat cabman, to win a 10a. bet, climbed to the top of the flagpole on the Town Hall tower, and -when a policeman, who had chased him to the roof, reached the pole, " cabby was standing in a stooping position on the apex, hanging on with his hands and feet, waiting for the wind to subside before assuming an erect attitude. He remained so for three minutes, and then yielded to the solicitations of the officer and slid do'wn." He is to be prosecuted for " being illegally on the premises." That is like prosecuting the man who enters the lion's cage for trespass. St. Stephen's Cathedral, Brisbane, boasts a beautiful colored glass window, costing £1000, presented by the lawyerB of that city. They forgive the founder of the Christian religion the many hard things He said of their ancient guild in Judea. But why don't the Q. lawyers contribute a stained glass window to the gaol ? The smug advertising tipster who, a week before the race, gave two horses as likely to win Caulfield Cup, and three horses as likely to get places, was unfortunate enough not to have a starter in the whole lot. Yel the 10s 6d fees roll in merrily 1 " In England, 300 years ago, any person not going to church was fined Is. Now any person going to church is fined 3d."—Ex. Between all living men and the next world, if there is any next world, stands a wall through which no man has seen or can ever see. He who believes that he can interview, through any medium whatsoever, the ghosts of the departed, is mad or on the verge of madness. If yon think you see a ghost, hit it on the skull with a half-brick. Or, if you can manage to administer to the spook of " CiBsie," who likes lollies, a chocolate cream containing a stiff dose of jalap or croton oil it will be equally efficacious in bursting up " the circle.' Lord Rosebery has delivered an important speech at Sheffield, in which he dealt with varions matters affecting British interest. Referring to the relations between Great Britain and France, he said the nation remembered Agincourt, and would maintain that ideaL This remark was apropos in that the speech was made on Octuber 25, the anniversary of the bittle of Agincourt. A boiler explosion occurred on board the French cruiser Ar&huse; while she was making her trial trip at Brest, and twentytii men were either killed or injured. Latest reports concerning the health of the Cnr indicate no improvement, and there is little hope of his recovery. Two French specialists have been summoned to Wvadia in view of an operation being performed. The Czarina is worse. With regard to the distribution of the assets in the estate of Messrs. Ellis Bros., it is stated that the Hon. James Cowlishaw has offered to renounce his claims to dividends dne in favour of the original creditors in the estate. Better late than never. The Gulf district, owing to the prevalence of the " red water " disease, has been proclaimed an infected district, so far as the export of cattle is concerned. A prisoner named Beaton has escaped from the Young Gaol, New South Wales. Thfc Ameer of Afghanistan, who has lately been seriously ill, has now so far recovered that he is attending to business. Various police officers have made serious charges againBt Whiting, the secretary of the S.P.C. A. Whiting has replied denying the truth of the 6&me; and the society considers he has completely exonerated himself. To deny the truth of a charge is nor proof of innocence, and if the society wishes to receive public support, they will insiBt on a public enquiry, evidence to be taken on oath. The police have discovered that the anarchist organisations at Lyons, Lille, and Poictiers had deputed three of their number who were to cause a bomb explosion in the Chamber of Deputies when there was a large attendance of members. The general opinion among dealerB in the Smithfield Market in London is that the chilled meat experiment will prove successful if greater care is exercised. Many inquiries are being made in Scotland for Queensland sugar lands, and a syndicate is willing to invest £60,000 in the event of the investment being guaranteed safe. Count Von Caprivi, the German Imperial Chancellor, and Count Eulenberg, the Prussian Premier and Minister of the Interior, have resigned office in consequence of a dispute with regard to anti-Socialist measures. Lord Rosebery, in a great speech delivered at Bradford, made a strong attack on the House of Lords. He intimated that the Government would at the proper time propose a resolution affirming the supremacy of the House of Commons, and they would appeal to the country upon it. San Juan, in the Argentine Republic, is reported to have been utterly destroyed by an earthquake. The small steamer Bowra, bound from N jwcastle to the Clarence River, foundered on Saturday morning, but all hands were aved. The annual Hospital Sunday demonstration of the friendly societies in Sydney was held Sunday and proved very successful, a sum of £264 being collected. The coal miners in New South Wales are asking for an increase in the hewing rate, and a general Btrike is threatened. The Chilled Beef Syndicate in London intends to make a trial of a farther shipment of chilled beef from Australia. The friendly societies made a great demonstration on Sunday in Brisbane, in aid of the Children^ Hospital, marching through the streets to the Exhibition. A collection was made en route from the spectators and in the building;, amounting to ,£101. The daily papers reckon 20,000 people witnessed the show, and the value of their sympathy to Id. 1/5 per head. HoorUBh ! Late reports regarding the Czar's health are of a rather more f ivourable character. The Japanese have inflicted another defeat on the Chinese in the north of Corea. The Kitty French foundered in the Bristol Channel with all hands, numbering thirty. Several gales have been raging along the Englist coast for the past few days, ana consequently shipping casualties have been numerous. At Bungendore, N.S.W., on Thursday night several stores were burglariously entered, and sums of money were abstracted. The burglars endeavoured to enter the Bank of New South Wales, but they disturbed the inmateB of the premises. Three suspected persons, who were armed with revolvers, were arrested at The Caves, near the sandhills. An epidemic has broken out at Avoca (T.) in the family of man named French, who, with his son and brother, has died. The disease has so far baffled the doctors. Ore. Lent and Kretzchiner, who were members of a German scientific expedition to Mount Kilima-Njaro, in East Africa, have been massacred by the natives, together with several of the porters who had been engaged for the expedition. News has been received from South America of a serious' revolt in Pernambuso, one of the states of Brazil. The rebels are stated to have captured the capital of the State and deposed the Governor. Hawker Udwin reports having been robbed of £500 odd in notes and cheques at the Isis Downs woolshed on Thursday last. The police have the matter in hand. The German Socialist Congress, now sitting in Berlin, haB* form-;l«ud a demand that the Government shduld - 'iake steps to nationalise the land so that the producers may have their juBt share of the profits without the intervention of landlords. The German Government have forbidden the importation of cattle and beer from the United States. This is the commencement of a policy of retaliation in conaeqoenoe of the hostile character of the Uiited States tariff in respect to German beet sugar. Lawless proceedings at Greta are reported in connection with the colliery strike theirs. Japanese have won a decisive vie the Chinese at Kiureiinorth of the' River. Sixteen thousanafchinese wer6t«Jceir\ prisoners, and extensive supplies of amainnition and provisions were captured. The fighting was desperate, and both sides lost heavily. The Japanese second army, which vii recently landed near Port Arthur, has SU(V ceeded in vesting the arsenal at that plaoe. A Victorian border R.C. priest find £69 for smuggling vestments into hiB presbytery from N.S. W., in addition to the duty, about .£13. ' James Pearce fell down the hold of tbo steamer Gabo, at Perth, on Wednesday n(ght and was killed. The body was found next morning. Pearce bad booked for Sydney im the previous day and came on board drank. A pitched battle was fought with fists at Stockton, N.S. VV., Sunday, between 30 nonunionist and unionist miners. The former were routed. George W. Baillie, fell 20 feet down a shaft at Wyalong, broke bothHegs, and died shortly afterwards. Mr. I). T. Mulligan, formerly of Rockhampton, who died recently in Dublin, hat left nearly the whole of his estate to Dublin charities, his bequests including £2 J00 to the Rookhampton Hospital. He will doubtless be canonized in time, and he will be added to the list of saints an " Howly Saint Mulligan, pray for us." -A successful operation for dropsy haB bete performed on the Czar, but otherwise his cotidltionis unchanged, William Heaton Rhodes, a New Zealand student, at Oxford, killed through falling from a scaffold. A young man named William Kennedy was found drowned at Drayton on Saturday in a shallow waterhole. He was out hare hunting, and was subject to epileptic fits, and it is believed that while obtaining' a drink he was seized with a fit, and his head being immersed in the water he was suffe cated. Further news has been received from Buenos Ayres concerning the recent terrible earthquake* in the Argentine Republio, which stofrs that 2000 persons perished ia the province of Riorja, and that 20,000 person! are now homeless. The Albert Victor Hotel, at Mi riirnqflriflr*'";. (N.S.W.), has been totally destro^|» * fire. The building and stock were utMHia for £820. Frederick Webster, restaurant keeper, Sydney, has committed suicide. He Wtt found hanging by a rope from the bannister of the stairs. The deceased left.a letter la which he intimated that he was tired oflif*. The remains of a boy named Nash, wb® was recently lost in a scrub near Oat-tMi Hill (S.A.), was found two miles from ft farmhouse in Kersbrook district, on Sunday. The lad had died from exposure and wast of food. The Madhi, who has a foroe of 12,000 dervishes, has declared a holy war the Italians in the Soudan. Two coloured men drowned thro dingy capsizing last week, from Wal Island. One body has since been ashore at HammOnd Island, mutit sharks. A young commercial traveller Hemsling, fell dead at Horsburgh'a hop' *'" mongdry establishment, Maryborough, ftp-' supposed from heart disease. The Japanese commanders, now op ^ in China, are not expected to unity, present. General Yamagata, who mauds the firBt army, is in the Yalu district, and is preparing for an att Moukden, in Manchuria. Count . . who commands the second army, is investing Port Arthur. A Russian fleet is being assembled at Chefoo. The advantages of the inland parcels post are, from the 1st January next, to be extended to towns, places, or stations to which mails are carried bv coaches or buggies, instead of being confined, as heretofore, to places having communication by eteamer or railway. The captain of H.M.S. Rapid has been reprimanded by oourt-maitial for running hta vessel on a mud bank at the entrance to Auckland Harbour. The new Stamp Act came into forop yesterday, and the Attorney-General is preparing a manual explanatory of its provisions. The thirteen prisoners found guilty of rioting at WaIget|(N.8. W.) in connection with the shearing dispute, have been sentenced to terms of imprisonment ranging from ten to seventeen months' hard labour; K The Victorian Parliament met on Taefdqr^ji The Governor's Speech promises measuiw? f of all-ronnd retrenchment, the great 0p of the session being to place the finano the country on a Bound basis. A tax 4 improved land valne*, income tax, and the measures Government. Speaker. Lord Jersey's report is i of Mr. Huddart's maH lli andAustraU*. 