THE STRANCE STORY OF GHOST ISLAND. Br ' W.' L. Alden. ' 'No. II. Having, as I said, matches with us, I Dro- posed that, .we should build a fire and toll off one man to do sentiy-go, while tho, rest of us turned in. This pleased the men, and thero' being drift wood bandy, wo had b fire going in a few minutes, and Lord Palmerstou.went on the lent. out, ami wo all turned 111 once mora. This timo the voices didn't 'eom.o 'bask, which satisfied tho men, "they being a preoious ignorant sot. But it worried me more than ever ; for if the. sound had really , been made" by water, it ought riot to havo stopped just because we had started.a fire. Howevor, I fell asleep after a bit, and thero was uo more disturbance that night. Lord Palmerston— who was to call some one to relieve him iu about two hours— sat dona on tho saml'abont tho timo wo had settled dowa to shore, and ho droppod off to sloop and was ntleop when the rcBt of ub turned out in the morning. Wo talked tho thing over that day, not hav ing much olse to talk about, and everybody agreed that we had. been frightened at nothing. We made a freak scarab in the bush for about a mile from the beaoh ; but wo oouldn't find the least sign of anybody, Christian or native. So the next night wo didn't take the trouble to build a fire or to put a man on the look nut- that is, not at first. Biit there wasn't much sleep for us'that night. Tho voices began just as soon as wo got goad and ready to sleep, and, if anything, thoro was more of them than there had been the first night. We lay and listened for a little while, and then Loid l'aimeratorislti up arid says, "Boys, I know wot this is; the 'ole bloomin- hislaud is full of gliostB." " Ghosts ho damned !" says Bennott. "They mostly is that same," says Dublin, a big Irishman who had been in the prize ring, and had -liis nose stove in, Tho notion that the voices were made by ghosts took amazingly. At first I didn't believe it, not ' being ono who had much confidence in ghosts; but the more I thought of it the more probablo it scemodi The rest of the men never. I doubted it for ft minuto, and they ell came j closer to oho another, arid didn't show the least j disposition to go to sleep. I " Why ain't thoro anybody on this hialand!" j snya Lord Palmerston. "Because tho horiginsl j natives has been and cat one attothqr.- up, It's I their ghosts as is walkin' tho beach ''nights; and j I'd give aomelhiii' handsome if they wob like I cannibals instead." : . I "What's good for ghosts anyhow!1 sihed I Bennott. "Docs any ono happen (o know! I "There's Eric," says Lord Palmerston. ' Res | next door to n Finn, and perhaps bo knows. 1 Bear a hand, Brio, and toll uo what tho Finns I does when ghosts make 'cmselvos too familiar, j and they want to show 'em tho door. 1 "I'm no Finn," oays Erie ; "I'm a hor- I wegiari." ; . I "That's near enough," says Lord Palmerston. | "You know- more about ghosts than ths whole l bilin' of us, and you're gnin' to give us the ollice, I or it'll be the worse for you." t 1 " I'vo always boon told," says Erie, t&« | popper's tho beat thing to clear ghosts out ol a c house. You sprinkle pepper everywhere, g particular wliero thero is any holes in the wain | It'll make tho ghosts .sneeze, and they re nuut iso | light that snoozing lireskB 'em all up. A guo oan't sneezo without carrying away bis ueou. & least, that's what our people says.1 _ „ fl " Wot's tho good of talking about P(PPet: I soys another man. " Why don't you tel u« I use He nntl vinegar and Cheddar ch B Where's peppor to oome from on this nil' . "Snuff is good too," oontinued Eric. J " fiiat'ii do," hay. Lord Palmerston. ''»<> don't want no moro ont of you. A man tork-of bacoy on a desert hisiand where ain't but one plug for slvcn men, am t a whoso judgment I reapeoks." jifnnelt "I don't hear voices no more, sn)'8 li? "Let's put a man on the look out anil There wnsn't any man who waa wil'lns 1 on tho look out nlono, so two m8D1., t8,jp for thnt duty, and tli.e fire wps started «E» and wo wore oomfortablo onoa more. v|l Some time in the middle of the night woko up sudden, just as though sung out "Eight bolls!" down I Jlmfoosk Tho fire had died out, and t bo t were sound asleep about a yard i » I , cu|iioi The voices wore hard at it, talkl ing , - as I judged from tho tone of out- more than onoo that I could .make a|ogg lino of figures that moved Boft and P j, , tho heaob. I raised myself up t« » « _« J1 !Jh|£|fc. tion ; but I oouldn't see any tbinE . . j diin't ing stepped abort. Thia time, h b(ir, „ hoar the oonud of the wotei , but I (Pa clear as I evor heard an ordcrglvon jwnl|oI sound of some ono I&ugkiPg; J® somewhere in the bush. . j island lo- » We'll get away from this „ live morrow if thero s a B0» M), „nougko(i'i j in," -ays I to myself. " I'vo ''»d cn?nUgt|10 boat and I'll tako the chanoo '«u I or landing among oannibal». a )je 0tt« I it would do me any good to wok l f ear' I men ; so I pulled my cap down ,0 -j I so as I couldn't hear tho v01"" „ j shou|d I to sleep again. Artor about an hour, s a judge, I dropped off. Tho n"' me » .-was waked up by aomeono »'ePPgme juri j w. .n't a heavy tread; but it toolcj_J- I All rights resorvoii. the breastbone nnd hurt me onough to wake up is sudden is if I had bcon hit with a belaying "of course I thought for a minuto that one of the olinps had done it ; but they wore all asleep, and it was dear than none of them had had any hand, or foot for tho mutter of that, in it. i nut my hand on my ahest, and thore was n little looso sand on my slilet, whioh wasn't there when I laid down. I got on my legs in half a second, and shook Bennett and told liirn it was our turn to relievo the look out. He anil I walked up and down tho beach till day light, whioh wasn't very far off, and of oourso the voices didn't trouble us while we wcro on our legs, - In the morning I told llio meu about what' happened to mo, and at first they didn't believo rae. Then Lord Palmerston remembered that he hail been woku up by somotiiing brushing against his head, but being precious sleepy he had persuaded himself thnt ho bad been dream ing, and had thought no. more of it. "Is there any one of you misbogotten pagans as knows au uve or a pather noster?" says Dublin, " "... "Wot'n tho good. of rubbngo liko that?" answers Loi.d Palmerston. "Them sort of prayers is no' good. The only thing as'll fetch a ghost is a Salvation Harm; band, a playin' bevery man bindependent on is hown 'ook, and there ain't no Salvation Harmy 'ere." "It's lung since I've snid a prayer," says Dublin, "and I'vo olean disremembered all I ever know. But it's my opinion that a few atiff prayers hove in by a priest as knows his ropes would do a dale of good in this here category." "I piopoHes,'.' said Bonnett, ." that wo leaves tliis blasted island this identioal day. There ain't no rum here and there ain't no baooy here, anil 'stead of girls tlioro's n gang of ghosts with no more manners' than a seasick parson. IVbat are we stoppin' here for, any way ? Is it bc- cauee wo ain't doing no work ? Well 1 there won't be no work to do in a boat. The trades is a blowing here, and all wo have to doit to put hor before the wind and let her go till she rises some Christian island. I've had enough of ghosts. Gimme policemen by preference, and I can't say more nor that." lVe all turned to and filled the boat up with cocoanuts and breadfruits and fresli water ; and now that we had made up our minds to start we wcro iu as big a hurry to got nfinnt as it we ex pected the island to founder uiider us. Before tho sun was on the meridian we were afloat and pulling slow and easy for the opening in the reef. We had all got over our fright and were in the best of spirits. "I hopo we haven't mado nobloomin' mistake in deserting tho island," said old Charcoal, lean ing for a minute on the loom of his oar. "I don't believe in no ghosts except when I'm afloat. A ghost can go anywheres, oan't tie? Well, then, it stands to roason that noghott would stop on an island like that, when he could go to London and haunt some tidy publio house in the Highway." ' . Just at that minute there came a laugh from the shore that brought Ohnrooal up all standing, There was uo running water about that laugh. It was as loud and shrill as a bosen's whistle aboard a man-o'-war. Dublin ornssed himself; and Lord Palmerston, who was at the steering oar, sang out to the men to give way and began to enrse in a general way, like a man who had gone inddenly 'inad. The laughing stopped short si suddenly as .it had begun ; but out of tho bush csme a long shriek, as if a woman was being dragged over. the pavement by the hair by some ooo who had no right to tako suoh aliberty with her. Tho. men at the oars' pulled as if they were pulling for a hundred barrel whale, and not a soul spoke a word till we were elear of the reef. Then Lord Palmerston dropped in a dead swoon, and it took Iiimogood half -hour to oome round again. . . ' Wo were picked up three daya afterwards by a tea olipper ; ' and after we got to London' wo operated,, ant I've never seen a man of the tchboner'a crew sihoe. I don't know what tho reat of the man may have believed aftor they got away from tho island and had had; a big drink nnoo more ; but I ahnll never doubt that wo discovered an unknown island, and that that bland was inhabited by about .400 ghosts, mora er less; of different styles and sexes. — St. James's Bu'dyet/-- " . 