TOO LA.TE. Frank and I Lad quarrelled coming home from Mrs. Cartwright'a party. I knew it was all ray fault, but I would not acknowledge it, and. we had parted, in anything but a lover-like manner. Half the night I lay awake thinking how foolish it all was, my flirting with that silly, conceited Clarence Walker, wbo was not fit to be mentioned beside Frank ; and yet I had given bim every reason to think I cared more for bim than anyone else. Frank was usually too good-natured to take any notice of my petty flirtations, but this time I had carried it further than ever before, and he had spoken sharply on our way home. I bad resented this, and quiek word8 followed, until we had parted in anger for the first time in all our acquaintance. My conscience whispered, * You are to blame, write to him and fay so.' But my stubborn pride said, 1 Never ! he must make the first advances.' Dull and heavy«eyed I csme down to breakfast next morning, thinking that no one knew of our folly but ourselves, but I was mistaken. Aunt Butb's eyes were keen and sharp where the happiness of those she loved was con cerned, and few things transpired be tween Frank and me but what she did not learn in gome manner. The day was dark and rainy, which was not the kind of weather calculated 'co cheer me in nay unhappy mood. I wandered over the house like some unquiet ghost. 1 Write and tell him yon are sorry !' urged my better self. 4 Never!' Pride answered stoutlv. Frank had never before attended me to a party without calling the next day to enquire after mv li^aith ; but the day dragged omand no Frank appeared. I tried to make myself believe I had not expected him, and did not care to see bim; but down in the depths of my heart I continually hoped he would eotne. Our dinner hour was passed and the evening far advanced. T bad at last given up all hone of bis coming and bad settled down to a drfiant, angry mood, as if I were, the one most d'eplv wronged. *T shall never, never forgive bim,' T paid fiercely to rnvself, while all lha wbile my heart acli^d. We were ^'n nur cosv pari01*. Aunt Hnth and T. I siretending to be b'isv Tvith some fancv work and A rut Ruth si^'ine before the "pen grate, book in hand. 'bough T could plainly see ehe was not readirg. ' Lottie. dear.' she paid, at last, very gpntlv. ' <*ome and sit beside me. I wish to tell you a story of my young davs.* Glad of anything that would make the time less wearisome, I took a seat on a copsack at her feet. ' More than twenty-five years ago, in the earlv davs of the war, when T was rour age, I first met Richard An trim.' sbe l)egan, letting one band rest caressinglv on mv bead, wbile the : other held a screen between her eyes i ard Ihe firelight. ' A pleasant ae <ina;ntance ripened into love, and we wore encaged. \\\i«li tb<» warmest appro val of our res^rctivp f-sm'Hps. T loved J K'fba'd verv dearlv, but I was thoughtless and, T fpar, liked to make bim jealous. T fancied there eould be no lore without jealfusv, foolish child that T was and so delighted in winning what T ihongVt a proof of bis affWtion. T?ut T this <vpce too off en, and I have bad cause to regret i all my life- ! tunp. * 0'»e evening in January, 1862, "'Die fifteen or tiventv couples of the • «ung people in tnv native town went «n a sleigh-ride, and stopped at an ' about twentv miles from bome r pvvper and a social danc , Tho hilarity of the party seemed to raise my spirits to the highest point of fun and frolic, and I gave loose rein to my love of flirtation, even carrying it so far as to go down to supper with a young mail with whom I had but a very slight acquaintance, leaving Bichard to find another partner or go alone. I do not think I fully realised how ridiculous my conduct was ; I was only bent on having a good time and teas ing Bichard a little, expecting to make it up by being extra loving on the way home. But I saw before we left the hotel that instead of being jealous Kichard was seriously offended, and in my folly I resented this as if I had been the one wronged. ' Soon after midnight the party broke up, and, snugly ensconed in our respective sleighs, we started for home; and then, instead of the smiles and pleasant words I bad given the other men all the evening, I treated Hichard to nothing but sulks and frowns. ' A cutter is not generally considered very commodious quarters for two; but ours must have enlarged very singularly, for somehow eight or ten inches of vacant seat lay between os; usually, when I rode with Bichard, he appeared very solicitous about the adjustment of the robes, particularly about the back of the seat; and very frequently, after seeing they were all Tight, he forgot to remove his arm, and as I never reminded him of it, he very naturally allowed that member to remain there until we reached our destination. But to- night the horse must have required great attention, for both hands seemed needed to take care of him, and T am sure his eyes never once turned from one particular part of the harness for the first five miles of our homeward ride. I saw plainly that Hichard was very angry with me, and iu the depths of my heart knew I was to blame ; but I was determined not to " make up unless he made the first advance towards a reconciliation, so T, too, pretended indifference or anger, all the time wishing he would speak, even if it were only to scold me. But if he had been born deaf and dumb he could not have been more still; not even a word to the horse broke the dismal silence. .. 4 The sleigh-bells jingled merrily, the snow mus'cal'y creaked under the runners, glad sougs and gay laughter came from the others of the party, but n«ver a sound from Bichard s lips. Would he never speak ? 41 wished the horse would run, or the sleigh would upset, or something wo'ild happen, I scarcely cared what, to force him to speak. At last, when toy patience was completely exhausted, and I was meditating something desperate rather than be the first one to speak, the ominous silence was broken bv one word— 'Buth!' "Well, what?'I asked crossly, as if T had not been perfectly miserable for the last half-hour because he would not speak. * It was an unpromising beginning, and I think Bichard thought eo too, for nearly a minute passed before he spoke again. 4 * Buth,* he said at last in a Bterner tone than T had ever heard him use, * what am I to understand by your conduct io-night ?' 1 * Just what you p7ease,' I answered with provoking coolness, for X began to gr^w more vexed at the sternness of his tone. * * Then I am left to infer that you intended to insult me.' In the bright moonlight my furtive glance revealed the indignant flash of his eye and his flushed cheeks. i'Will you be kind euoueh to inform me what motive you had for such unladylike conduct ?' *'Unladylike?' How dared he criti cise me in that manner ?' "I have yet to learn by what authority you criticise my conduct; I suppose I had a right to do as I pleased, without consulting you,' I rejoined very hotly. " And T should have supposed,' he said with equal warmth, ' that it would have pleased you to treat with becom ing respect, in public, at least, the man vou had promised to marry.* ' * And if this is the manner I am to be troated every time a gentleman pays me any attention, I think it is time that promise was cancelled,' I said, reckless of the consequences. '' Am I to understand, Ruth,' and his voice had more of surprise than anger in it now, * that you regret our engagement, and wish to recall your promise ?' ' ' Yes,' I rejoined sullenly. 4 Bichard was silent for a moment, then he said silently and gravely— *' Think well of what you are saying now, Ruth ; it is no matter to settle in anger ; if you mean seriously what you say, and wish to break the engage ment, you are free to do so.' ' I wastooangry to see how earnestly he turned towards me and waited for my answer. '' I do mean it with all toy heart,' I said. ' 'It shall be as you wish, then.' *1 could but see, then, the stern look on his face, but I would not heed it. * Not another word was spoken until we reached home, and, as he lifted me from the sleigh, he said gravely,' Good bye, Buth, may you never have cause to regret your decision of to-night!' 1 Even then I felt that I ought to say I was sorry, but pride restrained me, and I left him go with only a cool ' Good-night.' * "We had had many little love quarrels before, * just for spite,' as I used to say, but had always (made up' j immediately, and been all the more J devoted afterwards; and I thought this affair would be like the others, j even though it had been carried j further than even before; I should doubtless see Bichard in a day or two, and would then tell him how sorry I was, and of course he would be onlv too glad to forgive me, and I would never do so again. So thinking to morrow would set it all right, I tell asleep. ' But I did not see Bichard to morrow, nor the next day, nor even the next week ; and when I did see him, nearly a month later, he wore war's livery, and with the gallant boys of the regiment was marching to the cars which were to bear them away to the battle-field. The band was playing flags waving, and the people cheering as they marched by; but to me a funeral dirge ccu'd not have been sadder, but my heart heavier bad I seen Bichard in his cofim. * I went home that day feeling that they 1 who saw to the wind shall reap the whirlwind.' Surely I was reaping in bitterness the fruits of my own sow ing ; but I neither wept nor fainted ; I was as proud as I was foolish, and tried to make myself believe that I was the injured party ; but it was pretty haid. wo k, and if I deceived my friends by my pretended indifference I never deceived myself, as my damp pillow and sleepless nights could testify ; but still I was. too proud to write and con fess my fault. 'Bichard had friends and corres pondents in the neighbourhood, so I heard frequently from him ; and while I pretended indifference, I listened with intensest interest to every detail of his journey. Then came the campaign before Port Hudson ; rumours of fierce engagements and heavy losses. Other faces beside mine grew white when Port Hudson was mentioned, and hands usually steady trembled as they unfolded the daily papers; friend looked at friend as if fearing some terrible things, and the letters which at long and irregular intervals found their way to our village were read with shrinking dread, less they contained the name of some loved one among the list killed ; for twenty from our town were engaged in that campaign. ' "Weeks dragged wearily into months every day hopes of vic'orv were quenched inj'disappointment; our boys were still before Port Hudson. Then we waited, hoping and fearing, and at last the news come—Port Hudson has surrendered. 'Later came the soldiers' letters, filled with rejoicing over the victory, and with sad laments for dead and wounded comrades. None came from Bichard to his home, but a friend's letter told a story ; he had fallen in the fight, seriously wounded—how serioosly no one knew. Seriously wounded ! Did that mean mortally ? I shut my eyes closed my ears to the horrible suggestion. I would not have it so. He muet live ; we were reconciled. Louisiana was too far away for me to go to him.-— pen jind paper went do my bidding now 5 and I think that never such a letter gone over the blue ocean as I sent to that southern hospital. And then I waited, oh, with hopes and fears, what terrible anxietv for the answer! He would forgive me, I knew, if the letter reached him ; but it might miscarry; he might be dead before it reaches there. Oh, the agony of that thought. * August came and went, and Sep tembea's cool breezes and days of golden blue usurped its place; still no answer came. I knew there was no communications with Orleans bv land, and dozens of things might have delared a letter; mv days were passed in reckless anxiety, and my nights were filled with fearful visions as I waited for a message to say that T was forgiven. * At last, just as the trees were put ting on their gala dress of red and orange and brown, a letter came, not from Richard, but from a friend in the same hospital, one who had known me well in my own home, and, recognising my writing, had returned the letter to me, with the words, 'It came to hand after Richard died.' Dead, and h« never knew my deep repentance— I never knew his forgiveness ?' My head had sunk on Aunt Buth's ap, and 1 was shaking with irrepres sible sobs as she concluded her story. A hand clasped mine; my head was lifted and in a moment I was clasped in Frank's arms. ' Oh, Frank, forgive me !' I sobbed,! * I'll never, never quarrel with you again ?' And in his hearty assurance of pardon I thanked G-od that, unlike Aunt Eurth, my repentance had not come too late. 