An Intimation from the IJnseen World* Lord Brougham in his life and times, written by : himself, gives the following story : — A most remarkable thing happened to me — so re markable that I must tell the atory from tbe bej ginning. After I left the High School (in Edin burgh) I went with G ? , my most intimate friend, to attend the classes in the University. There was no divinity class, but we freciuentlv in our walks discussed and speculated upon many grave subjects, among otaers on the immortality of the soul and on a future state. This question and the possibility, I will not say of ghosts walking, but o£ the dead appearing to the living, were sub jects of much speculation, and we actually com mitted the folly of drawing np an agreement, written with our own blood, to the effect that whichever of ub died first should appear to the other, and thus solve any doubt we bad enterta?ned of the ' life after death.' After we had finished our classes at the college, G ? went to India, having got an appointment there in the Civil Service. He seldom wrote to me, and after the lppse of a few years I had almost forgotten him. Moreover, his family having little connection with Edinburgh, I seldom saw or heard anything of them or of him through them, bo that all the old tjuuooiooy intimacy naa aiea out, and i had nearly forgotten his existence. I had taken a warm bath and while in it and enjoying the comfort of the heat after the late freezing I had undergone, I moved my head round towards the chair on which I had deposited my clothes, as I was about to get out of the bath. On the chair sat G ? - looking calmly at me. How I got out of the bath I know not, but on recovering my senses I found myself sprawling on the floor. Tho apparition, or whatever it was, that had taken the likeness of G ? . had disappeared. The vision produced such a shock that I had no inclination to talk about it, or to speak about it, even to Stuart ; but the impression made upon me was too vivid to be sasily forgotten, and so strongly was I affected by it that I have here written down tho whnla with the date December 19 and all the particulars as tbey are now fresh to me. No doubt I had fallen asleep, and that the appcarancee presented so distinctly to my eyes was a dream I cannot for a moment doubt. For years I had had no communication with G ? ; nor had ther been anything to recall him to my recollection Nothing had taken place during our Swedish travels either connected with G ? or any member of hia family. I recollected quickly enough our old discussion and the bargain we had made. I could not discharge from my mind the impression that G— — must havo died, and that his appear ance to me was to bo received by me as a proof of a ! future estate. Thia incident happened on December 19, 1799. In October, 1862, Lord Brougham added as a post script : — ' I have juBt been copying out from my journal the account of the strange dream, 'cer tissima mortis imago,' and now to finish tho story begun about sixty years since. Soon after my return to Edinburgh there arrived a letter from India announcing G ? 's death, and stating that he had died on the lOfch December.' The New South Wales Government has des patched a telegram to the Premier of Victoria dis senting from the proposal of tho Government of Victoria to send a cable message to Mr. Henniker Heaton in regard to the proposed penny postage between England and the colony. The telegrwn states that Mr. Heaton in no wap represents this colony in his views on postal matters. 