MEDITATION My bad been hectic all day. I and dreaded what waa coming, and. ateJgspt nothing that by any chance could lead. np.toSgpfy it. " He absent-mindedly tipped the emu six— pence. Then we came to tee wart-hog. 44 A bachelor," he eaid, meditatively, A scratohing tee brafce'e back. - I I hastily felt for a saving topic in thee + apprehensive darkness of my mind, and cooB find none. 44 1 expect I shall be married in October,9" said my uncle. Then sighing : 44 The idyl of my engagement was short uvea." It was out. Now, tee day — my last idle day with my poor ancle — was a hideous wreck. AH tee topics he had fluttered round- vanished, and cold and awful there loomed, over us tee one great topic. 41 What do you think of marriage, George ?" said my uncle, after a pause, prod ding tee wart-hog suddenly. 44 That's your privilege," said I. 44 Mar ried men don't dare to think of it- Bigamy" 41 Privilege! Is it such a headlong wreck of one's ideals as they say!" said my uncle. 44 Is that dreamland furniture really so un stable in use!" 44 Of course," said I, 44 it's different front what one expects. Bnt it seems to to worse for the other party. At least to judge from the novels they engender in their agony. 44 So far aB I can see," he proceeded, 44 what happens is very similar to a thing ft scientific chap was explaining to ane tee other day. There are some little beasts in tee sea called asci— vstaa; "" — -iinjtn Hi i tittle tadpole things, with waggling tetissS big expressive eyes- They move freely about hither thither, and often travel vast dis tances in an adventurous way. Then what he called metamorphosis begins. The littlu tadpole waggles bis way to a rock and fixes tiimaalf head downward. Then he nnder- i goes tee oddest changes, becomes indeed a mere vegetative excrescence on the stone, secretes a lot of tongh muck round himself, and is altogether lost to free oceanic society. He loses the cheerful tail, loses most of Ms brain, loses his bright exprefflivc eye." 44 The bother of it," said 1, 44 is that very often the wandering expressive lost in the human a adther way, one might say that the kind of story that Ovid' is so fond of describing— the affairs of Daphne and Io, for instance — are fables of the gft-Tna thing : an interlude of sen" tunent and then a change Into something new and domesticated, rooted, fixed and bounded in." 4 4 It is certainly always a settling down,' saidL 4I don't like this idea of settling down, George." He Bhuddered. 44 It must to a dreadful thing to go about with a house on your mind." 44 Yon get used to it. And, besides, yoa don't go about so much." He gave the bachelor wart-hog a parting dig, and we walked slowly and silently through the zebra-house towards the ele phants. 44 Of course tee do not intend to- settle down," he said presently, with a clumsy effort to render his previous remarks imper« sonaL 44 A marriage invalidates all promises," I explained. 44 The law recognises this in tee case of willB." 44 That's a new view," he said, evidently uncomfortable about something. 44 It follows from, your doctrine of meta- morphoeis. A marries B. Then, the great ' change begins. A gradually alters into ft new- fixed form — C — while B flattens and broadens out as D. It is a different couple, and they cannot reasonably be held respon sible for tee vagaries of A and B." 44 That ought to be totter understood." 44 It would perhaps to as we'L Before marriage Edwin vows to devote his life to Angelina, and Abating, vows she will devote her life to Edwin. After marriage this leada to confusion if they continue to believe such promises. Marriage certainly has teat odd effect on the memory. You remember Ange lina's promises and forget your own, and vice versa." 44 There is nothing more distressing than the ghost of a dead promise," said my uncle. 44 especially when it is raised in the house of your friends." Wc passed through the elephant-house in silence. « X tronder what kind (ff man I shall be after the change, Geoige. ItVj all he ' 1 «TO .«g@LBome men improved by zt. xon, lor in stance. You were a mere useless, In decent aspirant to genins before the thing came upon you. Now T011 816 a spectabla journalist, and gracefully anxious to give satisfaction to your editor. Bnt my own impression is that a man Has to be a bit of an ass before he can be improved by marriage. Most men get so mercenary, and they simply wort and go about doing nothing a rational creature shonld. They are like tite- male ants that shed their wings after th& nuptial flight. And their wives go about talk- ingfashion-axticles, and calling them dear old stupidB, and flirting over teacups with the nnmanied'men, or writing novelettes about the child-man, and living their own lives. Every intelligent woman now seems to want to live her own life wban ahe ia not engaged in taking the child-man ont into society, and trying" to wean h'"» from alcohol and tobacco. However, thin scarcely applies to me." " Not now," I eaid. And be winced. " I wonder how it feels. Most men go into this without knowing of the change that hangs over them. Bnt I am older. It wonld not be nice for a caterpillar if he knew ha , was going to rip up all along his back In a minute or so. Yet I could sympathise wife snch a caterpillar now. Shall we goto fee insect-honse? " Anyhow, George, I hope the change will be complete. I wonld not like to undergo only a partial metamorphosis, and become & queer speckled monster all spotted wife bachelor habits. Yet I sometimes think X am beyond 'fee adolescent stsge, and my habits itw - deeply rooted. 1 Hitherto - 1 have always . a little at braces, and collars, and things like that— I wife I knew where oue couldpick np a few admissible expletives. And I loaf about . London all day t sometimes without any very clear idea of what! am after, felling chape in stndioe how to paint, and talking to leisurely barristers, and all that kind of thing.'' " She," I eaid, " will probably help yon to conquer habile of that sort." Yes. X daresay she will," eaid my uncfe- " Ifotgot that for the nannte." — "Pall Mall Budget." ; - 1 ' Holland is 'the fend of flatness, wind mills, dykes, canals, and cheese. Of the fetter it produces 40, "OOO tonsand morem a year, sod consumes only b fouTth part. Alkamar, one of .fen ".most noted -And. historical towns in fee country, is the . great cheese market, and m its streets - over 12 million pounds are sold annually. 