OATHOLIO DOCTRINE. REPENTANCE. DISCOURSE BY THE VERY RKV. FATI1ER GAUGIlllEN. On Sunday laafc tho Very Rev. F, Gnughron, O.M.t,, gavo (vnctlun\cf hifi diaoournoi upon Catholic Doctrine in St. Patrick h Church, FromanUo, Tho subject cIhhimi was '.hwtifloation nnd Itopontimeo,' nnd wim mndo more inter «atmg from tho fnot that. it. wan in tho nh.fiirn nf n. ntnlv in i.ho rnmarkH fif tho Kov. S.Bryant on tho hiuuo question. Tho very rov preacher took for hiH toxt tho worasof^t, ihunoH, 'Forim thebody without tho spirit i« dond, ho altio faith without work* ia (load,' Chap. Ii. 20. Ho «aid that thero can bo no subject of pronter importance to un than that of ?ur justification boforo God. Ah wo ?to born children of wrath ; and hb un fortunfttoly tho groat majority of uh too ©fton make uno of our liberty and free Will to offend Almighty God, tho great nnoation for us all in. how aro wo to bo reconciled to our Maker and Sovereign. ' What doth it profit ft man to gain tho Wholo world and miffor tho loan of hid own soul,' All that concorm our ?ftlvation ia of supremo importivnco. Bo, therefore, tho question of how wo Aro to bo justified or reconciled with God ia for un tho question of quoBtioiiH. Tho Ctotholoc Cliureh anflwovfl this ^uosUouaaBhoanaworHOvoryothonrhich ?oncornaour otornnl salvation. For that Vfia tho ftBUhlished, Wohftvo hul to llaton tohorvoieoanddonoHheproHoribea in ordor to bo saved, Butthoroaro boiho vi um mwuu mi* n n\tp |»vj» iii^mi) «... w »rj no fault of their own, hnvo not recoivod of that refulgent light with which tho City of tho Living God upon earth is lighted, tho reflection of tho light of iho Now .loruaalom which neodn no »un, nor moon, nor fltarfi, booauno ihifl Lamb is tho lamp to thoso who gropo their wny in divrkneiw Mid uncertainly towardn tho hoiivonly goal. For their salcos and also for tho satisfaction which it gives uh Catholics to soo how tho various portions if their Church's doctrine fit into ouo another forming a bright moHaio of supernatural boautv. it will bo well to conaidor this ovoning how tho sinnor is justified, This in tho inoro opportune ns tho sub ject has boon treated olBowhoro in a wanner hostile to tho Catholic Church. Ho would ondoavmtr thus in tho first pkco to give a eonoiao exposition of tho doctrine of tho Catholio Church, and wo ?hall then aoo what this chief system opposed to it is, in itaolf, in its logical conioquonoca, and in itu reBultH, But tit tho outiiol let him, tho Ipoakcrdraw attention to flrstprinoiplos. An it has been proved beyond possibility of doubt that tho Catholic Churoh ia tho divinely appointed and infallible toacher of mankind, her voice gives us tho saitio cortainty which wo would huvo Vero Ve lUtening to tho words of Jobub Christ Hiinoolf. Hor wordsi Rro his, Hor doctrine must thoroforo »lw*ys accord witli tho touching of Holy Soripturo proporly understood. What thon i» her teaching on to tho moani of our justification P Sho tolls un biiuii imi vim umiuiuii tu /v-iii-u, ^nii-n tho oxooption of our Lord, becauso of tho hypostalio union with tho Divinity, and of Ilia holy mother, because of Him whom »ho was to boar,) eoiuo into tho world infected with original sin. Tho new-born bubo, though it could not offond Qod by sin of its own, yot has no right|to heaven. It is jntttltlod to tho ?anotifying watorfl of baptism, without any offort of its own. Should it como to tho ubo of reason before receiving bap tiam, then it must, bring with it certain dispositions prolitninary to its jnfiti flcation— a belief in tho truths rovoaled by God, a trust in His inorcy, a certain Tovo of that Divine Lord and a sincere ?orrow for sins committed. With them) baptism, actual if that bo impossible Uhdosiro in needed to justification. 'Un. leas a man bo born again ' of water' and the Holy Ghost ho cannot enter into tho Kingdom of Heaven.' But of him who by hia sinful not for foils that grace of baptism much more is required in ordor to a reconciliation with Qod. For such Our Lord in His inorcy haa established tho Sacrament of Pen unco called by ono of the oarly Fathers ' tho soeond plank after shipwreck' AS baptism is the first. To this Sacra mont tho sinner must bring thoir dis tinct fcots on conditions— contrition, confession and oatieif notion, tho last at loaat in intontion and desire. NYhon tliOBO conditions aro placed, and tho words of absolution are pronounced by filled tho promise of Our Divine Lord, 11 Whoso sins you shall forgive they aro lorglvon thorn,' But tho sorrow which tho sinner fools, may bo of two kinds. It. may spring ontiroly from a love of God on account of Hia own infinite perfections which pinkos tho sinner utterly deteat the Bina by which ho hna offonded hia grout Creator. This is called perfect oonfrl tlon or sorrow. And tho Catholio Churoli toaohea that mioh sorrow junti* flea tho sinner oven before the words of absolution are pronounced. Such was tho sorrow of Magdalen and of tho Prodigal Son. Or tho sorrow may wise from a good and supernatural, yotlosa perfect motive, mid then it is called imporfed contrition, which re qnirosabaolntioninordor tojuiitifioation. The confession muni, ixt complete us re ' garda all grovious sins. There must bo jnoroovor tho firm renolvo at least of making amends for the injury done to our neighbours by our sins nnd of eatisfying tho divine ^ustico outraged by our evil acts. This last is ualled satisfaction. In all this wo havo ninn co- operating with tho grace of God, and so coming to bo reconciled with God. It is God who moves tho slnnor to repentance, (!or without Illn graco wo can do noth ing Available to salvation. It is tho fjraco of God inoritod for us by Joans Christ which is applied by moans of tho Sacrament of Penanco and cloAnnoa tho soul from sin. It is in tho namo of Jesus Christ and by bin authority that his minister pro nouncos tho words of absolution, Whoro thon ia thero anything deroga tory to tho position of Our Divine Lord as our Saviour and Mediator f All our justification comes from Him and by Him. Our satisfaction too is only moritorious when united with that which Ho offerod to His Ktornal Father, That satisfactory works aro pleasing to Him, wo have abundant proof in Holy Scripture, God most froqiumUy oxaoi s puniithmont for sin oven after its guilt , has boon forgiven. The Israelites in v tho donort, Moses, David aro oxamplea, Ho allows mon to satisfy for that by thoir own holy n* penitential acts. 'Itadoow th-i»nn with arms,' said tho ?wophot Daniel. God spared Nineveh tiocauso of its repentance and three days fast. Tho Catholic dootrino is thus perfectly conflrmable in Holy Scripture. ' Bnt what in this alternative? Tho Protoatant doctrino of justification /*y \- faith alow. Tlmt is, tho sinner has only to believe that ho in pardoned, and forthwith his sins arc covered as with a mantle and hidden from tho eyes of God, Each sect and probably, each in dividual has hisi own apecial way of ox friaining tho doctrine, but this booms to iavo been Luther's way. It ia an easy oyfltoni said the preacher if trno, but is At uu' 1 i'''' uuu thiuir it nvcuw to hftvo como into tho world ],50-) years too late. Tho truo syHtom in that taught by Jofiuu Christ and His Apostlos, This one owes itu origin to Luther, lie claims tho invention as his own, in his ooinnuuilH on 1. Cor. v. when lie spenlb of himsolf us ono to whom tho mvutory of gonuino faith hidden from fornuu1 ages has been revealed,' To support tbia, said Fr. Gaughron, lie soruploH not to corrupt tho test of St. Paul, Item, iii. UB. adding tho word aUm to faith, iind hf- !h lint, nHlminnrl to declare that ho umdo tho addition doiiboratoly, VotSt. Paiiluays Rom. ii. 13, 'Not tlio hoarera of the law but tho doors of it shall bo justified.' Something inoro than faith is required. Our Lord, uaysj ' If tlmu wilt ontov into lifo Icoop tho commandmonts.' This doctrine of Luthor'a has boon adopted by tho Churoh of lijugltuul in hor olovonth article ' Whorofovo that wo aro jusfciflod by faith only is a most wholoflomo dootrino and very full of comfort,' Truly, said tho proachor, it must have been ' full of comfort,' to thono who drew up this article who were both perjurers nnd thieves, and de sired Htill to rotnin that which they had injustly acquired. What, Hiiid Fr. Gaughren, aro tho logical coiifie(|iionce of thin deetrino, Luthor lolls um, ' As many an boliove in Christ be they uu numerous and wick, od mi (hoy may be, will bo noithor reoponoibhi for their vorkfl nov eondomnod on account of them,' '? l'rovidedi one havo I'tiith, adultery is no sin,' Again is a letter to Molanchthon, ' fiin and «in brave ly, but believe more utrovgly and rejoice in Christ who in tho conqueror of sin, death, and tho world. Wo nuifit sin. as long ah wo aro here. It in enough that wo recognise through the rlohos of God's glory the l,inul) Unit takoth away tho flliin of tho world ; from thin, nin will not teai\ us away oven though wo commit fornication or even murder a thousand times in tho day.' Horo aro tho awful connoquoncOH of tliiu abominable doctrine an uot forth by its author. And what nro tho rosult«?'By their frulta you shall know thorn, Tlie rev, gentloinau quoted from Luthor nnd home of the early Koformors both in Germany and Eng land, to show tho melancholy results which followed tho preaching of thiu dootrino. Ho instanced, too, the super ior morality of Catholio countries compared with Protestant lands, us shown by statistics in proof of the banofnl elfoctHof this teaching, Ho concluded by urging hia Catholic hearers to avail tlieniselveti frequently of tho means of grace and justification which God gives thorn through tho Church, to sanctify this time when wo aro preparing to eolebrato tho first coming of Jesus Chriiit, so tkit all may bo ready to moot Him at Ills uocon'd coming, 