MARRIAGE IN RUSSIA When a young man in Russia takes a fancy to a maidcnAtonds his mother or some other matrinjMtial medium to the paronts of the girl to negotiate for her dowry. As an inoidontai he had no objeotion to any chance affcotion she may have bestow along with it. The girl has no voice in tho matter ; often has an offer of marriago accepted or rejected by proxy withoutherknowing anythingabout it. This custom has one thing in its favor ; it certuinly saves a great deal of wear and tear to her feelings. The marriage settlement being satisfac tory the courtship begins. The youth must never go to the bouse of his betrothed with out taking her a gift. A long courtship in the county would be liable to bankrupt a man. However, it is not the eustom to linger long in this primrose border lund. A betrothal is almost as binding as marriage itself. There is never a slip between the eup and the lip, savo for very grave and aorious reasons. At the betrothal feast the girl cuts off a lock of hair in the presence of witnesses, in order that it may be authentic, and give it to her betothed, who in return gives her a silver ring set with turquois. These rings are kept as heirlooms in the family, but never must they do duty twice. They never use a second-band engagement ring in Russia. What becomes of the lock of hair history does not inform us. It is safe to suppose, however, that it depreciates in value as tho years roll on. A well-to-do bride brings her husband n dozen shirts, a dressing gown, and a pair of slippers. Slio is supposed to have spun the- flax and wovon the aloth and made the gaaments with her own hands. The fact is, she ofton buys them ready-made. Before tho wedding tho dowry is on exhibition and is blessed by the priest. Thus we bco that in Russia as well as other places nearer houie, tho most interesting part of the ordinance of holy matrimony is the avalanche of good clothes it brings with lb In the upper and middle classes the bride groom gives a bachelor dinner the night before the wedding. The bride-elect at the same time goes with hur friends to the butli. At the appointed time the bridegroom comes to claim his bride. She fulls upon her knees before her parents and craves forgivoness far the follies of her youth. They kiss her, giving her bread and salt, typifying the necessities of life, leaving tho door open behind Iter when she goes out, indicating that she still has a liouio in her father's house. We have now tho happy pair at tho altar, with lighted tapers in their hands to signify aspiration tho loud voice of the priest uttering a short prayer; the ring which they exchange with each other in token of the trinity, and the cup of wine from which thoy drink, a symbol of eternal love. Three times the bride parades around the altar with a cro urn of gilt held just above her head, by an important functionary whom she chooses for the office, but ho must on no account tread on the bum of her gar ment or derange her headdress, as ho will be denounced by the lookers-on for a horetic. This personage hits also other connubial porterage to look after. He must attend to tho lighted tapers and carry tho pieces of carpet upon which the couple uro to kneel for the priest's blessing. By the way, the one who is first to touch this bit of carpet with the foot is supposed to rule the domestic kingdom. It is only fair to suy that the bride usually gets there on timo. Thus ends the symbolic marriage. Although tho service of the Greek ohurch is more dramatic and fuller of significant detail than tho Roman church, and that is elaborate, compared with the German or Protestant church, yet in Russia thoy do not waste much real sentiment on marriage. There are parties who regularly contraot for marriage unions, a kind of real estnto agency in connubial felicity, upon which thoy get a percentage of tho spoils. Thoro were marriage fairs held formally in St, Petersburg and Moscow, but now only in provincial towns, where men and maids resort. Tho rich mau may take his pick. Sometimes peopla travel long journeys to attend theso fairs. Now, however, the better classes do not, so they are tho popular resort of servant girls who get a week's leavo of abenoo for the marriago fair nnd ofton come baok unwedded, but as much demoralized as a coloured cook in the south after a camp-meeting. In this blessed land of Russia, whore more than half mankind aro women, old maids are very scnrco. When a women is not married at 25 slio disappears from view, goes on a pilgrimage or round of travols, and comes back posing in society as a widow. Etiquette in Russia fordibs any allusion to a lady's dead husband in her presence. You see a woman's life in that land is not complete without the adjunct of a husband or even the ghost of a husband, to give it a kind of cold respectability. 