THE DAY. Octohkk 20. St. Barsabias, abbot, and his companions, martyrs, Persia, 3-12. St. Artemius, martyr, 302. St. Zenobiiis, bishop of Florence, confessor, fifth century. St. Smdulphus, or Sendon, of Rheims, seventh century. St. Aldan, bishop of Mayo, 7GS. Born. Sir Christopher Wren, architect of St. Paul's, 1G32, hast Juioylc, Wilts; Stanislaus Lecziuski, King of Poland, 1G77 ; Henry John Temple, Viscouut Palmerston, statesman, Wed. Charles the Sixth, King of France, 1122; Lord William Howard, 10)0, Nnworth CnMo, Cumberland j Henri Basuage die Frnqueuet, eminent lawyer, IG95, JRoiicn; Archi bald Pitcairn, physician and author, 1713, Edinburgh ; Charles the Sixth, Emperor of Germany , 1740 ; Michael Dahl, Swedish portrait painter, 1743, London; Philip Astley, author of works on horsemanship, 1814, 1'nris. Octoiibp. 21.— St. Hilarion, abbott, about' 371. St. Ursula and her companions, virgins and martyrs, fifth coutnry. St. 1'intun, surnamod Mtiunu, or Mundus, abbot in Ireland, G35. Horn . Marshal Angereaii, Duke of Castigliouo, Bouapartist general, 1757, J'aria ; George Colman the xouhger, dramatist and humorous writer, 1762 ; Samuel Taylor Coleridge, poet, 1772, Ottcnj, St. Mary, Devonshire ; George Combe, prenolo gist, 1783, Edinburgh. Lied. Julius Cn-sar Scaligor, scholar and critic, 155S, Aijcn on^ the Gnrnnnc ? Edmund Waller, poet, 1GS7, Bcaconsjicld, near H'imtsor ; James Gronovues, scholar and author, 171G, Leyilcn ; Tobi;is Smollett,' novelist, 1771, leghorn ; Samuel Foote, humorous writer, 1777, Dover; Alexander Eunciman, Scotch painter, 1785; Horatio, Lord Nelson, killed at Trafalgar, 1805; John Philpofc Cumin, celebrated Irish orator, 1817, Jjondon ; Charles E. Horn, musical composer, 1849, Boston, U. S. flu %\\\ik\\[A ihtila %mm- SATURDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1894. Many people go to make up a world, and there is a place in the Tmiyerse; for ghost seers. What good or what harm they do we arc unprepared to say: perhaps one of tho advantages of their existence is that it affords an opportunity for the sarcastic to point the finger of scorn. Ghost-seers in England at least have give occupation more or less con genial to the British Psychical Research Society, which since 1889 has been pursuing stories or phantoms to their remotest re cesses. We say ' stories of phantoms,' because Avhat the Society did. was to examine no less than 17,000 witnesses, to whom the invariable query was put-^-not indeed in our bald words — ' Have' you ever seen a ghost?' The faculty of ghost-seeing, or of fancying a ghost is seen, proved to be rare. Out of the 17,000 witnesses only 1684 were under the hallucination that they had seen ghosts. In the report of tho Society — a document cover ing 500 pages — it is stated that out of 1652 hallucinations ' 1120 were visual, 388 audi tory, and only 144 tactile ' (sensible to touch). Tho report is very rich reading, and adds at any rate ? to the humour of the world, though it augments very slightly its information. Unfortunately the Psychical Society was not able to investigate any ghost at first-hand. Its experience is in fact that of many who arc not psychical researchers — it could only see and interrogate people 'who said they had seen ghosts — an authentic vision itself was denied them. But though this Society in England has during five years been chasing phantasms through the imaginations of thousands of witnesses, here in Sydney, FeAV South Wales, have been for some time past proceeding a number of manifestations alleged at any. rate to be. more tangible. It is true the Sydney ghosts are not of the orthodox character, which come uncalled, and in the dead waste and middle of the night do horridly shake our dispositions with. thoughts beyond the reaches of our souls. The local phantoms are materialised spirits, brought forth by the agency of a medium. For many weeks past several of the Sydney papers have given particulars of seances at which these materialisations have appeared, and in the first number of a new monthly magazine, as our readers will remember, photographs of the spirits were reproduced. Two of our metropolitan daily contemporaries yqsterday gave an account of tho latest of these seances, which seems to have been made memorable for what a sceptic would call exposure of trickery. The time was last Friday night ; the place was a room in the medium's house in Waverley road; the lights in the back portion of the apartment were extinguished, and one light in front was dimly burning. It is explained by the high priests of these mysteries that the materialised spirits are shy ; the glare of light is offensive to them ; and the medium by virtue of whose powers they appear and who is physically re duced by their appearance, cannot spare the additional force which would be needed to overcome the spirit's objection to light. And, further it is alleged that spirits' sensitiveness to light is small compared with their sensitive ness to donbt, and hence the most notable manifestations are those at which be lievers alone are present. The afore said sceptic would naturally remark upon these explanations, that if there be trickery, the conditions of semi-darkness and the presence of the credulous only, lend themselves to it. To return to Friday's seance : before a darkened corner of the room hung a curtain, behmd which tho medium was en sconced. The company of eighteen ladies and gentlemen, seated in a double semi-circle, joined hands and began to sing. Presently a tall, dark, shadowy form appeared from be tween the curtains and emerged a little distance into the room. When it retired, two other forms came out, and at last a spirit emerged, well known to the sitters as ' Cissy.' She is a black child it seems, fond of chocolate creams, and a box was given her, wlienco she afterwards dispensed the sweetmeat to her favourites in the circle. But one bold, bad man who besought a lolly, was refused, and presently the reason why came out. He was not a believer, and was thero determined to investigate in a fashion differing from those of the credulous among the sitters., He made .a pretext to approach tho spirit, and suddenly seized it by the shoulders. He found himself clasping the medium, who was on her knees. A confederate stiiick a match and lighted the gas, and then, as the investigator avers, the medium was seen barefooted, wilh a black mask on her face, and white muslin draped about her shoulders. In the cabinet ho saw at the same time a black beard similar to that Avorn by a spirit named ' Geordio.' This beard a gentleman in the company took up, but it was immediately snatched from his hand. The investigator released tho medium, and the drapery and mask were instantly hidden beneath her clothing, but searching tho ' cabinet,' he found a pair of shoes and stocking's, some old muslin, a small cotton bag, and a black shawl, identified as a garment worn by one of the ' spirits.' Now we come to tho medium's explanation of these phenomena. After describing the earlier materialisations, she reached tho point at which tho sceptic seized the form of ' Cissy.' Part of her being was in tho form, she said, and when it was taken hold of she fell off her chair on her knees ; she seemed to shoot forward and absorb the form, and thus the investigator had hold of her. ' ' Theso forms are made up,' she went on to say, ' of atoms and particulars from the atmosphere, and from those in the circle, combined with the ( norvo aura ' and ' life essence' of the medium ; and if anything inter feres with the form, which is really part of tho medium, it must necessarily hurt the medium, and will draw the medium into tho form.' Surely our readers will give the medium credit for ingenuity of explanation. Not less ingeniously are the bare feet accounted for. ' Cissy' was aware of the inharmonious pre sence of the sceptic, and consequently — as she told the medium at a subsequent seance — she and her spirit friends resolved to draw most of the power from the medium's lower extremi ties. Thus the medium's legs — we apologise for mentioning them — became so attenuated (she says ' almost like sticks') that her shoes and stockings fell off. As for the drapery, it was not hidden, but disappeared by de-materialisation, vanished like vapour into tho atmosphere, aud the existence of a black mask and a black beard is denied, likewise of muslin and a black shawl. The story needs no comment— it is eloquent without any observation of ours ; and wo have no doubt our readers will make up their minds about the real character of these alleged spirit materialisations. 