Slialcespeare's Hamlet. The tragedy waa first published in 1603. It was partly founded on a work by Saxo Gramaticus, a Danish historian. Shakes- peare haB given us several editions, each time endeavoring to make the play more perfect. Th6 principal characters of this drama are formed of the royalty of Denmark. In the political management, the Danish crown is the object nought. To gain it, Claudius com mits murder on the person of his brother, by pouring into his ear aaiow but deadly poison. Hudson states that the queen wa3 no accom plice in the matter, and perhaps had no sus picion of it. IS at sbo deceived the king, her former husband and Hamlet's father, and in her interview with Hamlet she partly con fessed her guilt. Raskin says: "In Shakespeare the catas trophe of every play is caused always by the folfy or fault of a man ; the redemption, if there be any, is by the wisdom and virtue of a woman, and failing that, there is none I" Claudius, it is true, did commit the murder, but he knew, beforehand, that by this act ho could marry the queen and thus gain posses sion o! the coveted crown. The leading characteristics of the tragedy is Hamlet's madness. The murder of his father and tho guilt of hia mother seemed to pray ceaselessly on hia mind ; though he was not proclaimed to be mad until after his in terview with the ghost. Thi3 seems to be an apparition of his murdered father, and is thought, by some, to bo merely a supernatu ral vision of Hamlet's imagination. IIo relates to him the dark history of how he waa mur dered ; that while sleeping in h'ia garden, un- oonsoious of evil, Claudius had stolen upon him and administered & poison which had the effeot of a serpent's sting ; and by his brother a hand he had at once lost life, crown, and queen.'-' It seema that Hamlet had sus pected this, but had kept silent. The ghost enjoined upon him two things : first, that ho must revenge the murder; second, that however he pursued his revenge, ho must not Btnin his soul or taint his conscience ; yet he leaves to his own judgment how this must be done. In the closet scene with his mother, the ghost would appear lobe purely imaginary, for it speaks to Hamlet, and be draws her at tention directly to it, yet she neitlur sees nor hears it. Some Skakesperian tragedians treat thia as nn expression of a distempered mind, wherein Hamlet reproaches himself for his tardiness in revenging the munh-r; which act he does not perform unti1 just before his own death. Undoubtedly Hamlet saw the inevitable harm that would come to him if he murdered the king without some justification of the act. The people of Denmark would not suffer the murderer of their king to go unpunished. Hudson says : " Shakespeare portraya many great criminals, men and women, too who for awhile - ride in triumph over virtue wronged, and he always brings them to punishment, so far as this world can punish them. Bat he never in a single instancc does this till their crimes are laid open to the world so that all about them recogniua the justice of their fate." The critics have spent much labor on the question of Hamlet's madness, as to whether ho was or was not mad; yet the evidence is so strong both ways that a decision has never been fully rgreed upon. Hamlet appears to bo perfectly rational when with Horatio. He confides to him all hia sorrows and his plane, and asks only hia assistance. Horatio is one of Shakespeare's noblest characters, honeEt, candid, and true till death. Those concerned in the play truly believe Hamlet read, with the exesption of the king, whose guilty consoiehoe tells him the malady is only feigned to conceal some secret pur pose ; for he known that Hamlet suspects the crime. \- In his interview, with Ophelia, Hamlet seems sane enough. He suspects that she has been sent to him with some crarty ae- Bign, and that thoy are watched and listened to ; he" rails at her and frames Ilia speech so as to deceive the eavesdroppers aa well This betrays wonderful presence of mind and con trol of will for one whose mental powers are deranged. Is is not until Bha tolls him a falsehood that his rage breaks forth. When he sees the king at prayers, he is tempted to hill him on the spot; yet with his powerful will, resolutely rc- frains from doing so. The most pathetic and touching part of the drama ia the grief of Ophelia. She doe3 not rave, and there lies the pathos. Hero is a sad, quiet madness that speaks of the sorrowing sou! within, and tells better the tale of woe than could any raving demonstration. A superhuman power calmly workB out the contending, conflicting purposes, the balll9d aims and disappointed hepis, of these weak human agents, .thereby teaching ui that a Divine Providence guards and guides tho sohemes of frail humanity. Hamlet does not perform the mission of his life till just before it ends. The king, who had been secretly working against him, prepares a cup of wino containing poison, which he invites him to drink; but Hamlet suspects tho treachery, and the king i3 bafllid. He ha? also enven omed the point of Laertes' Bword, to be plunged remorselessly into Hamlet's heart ; but by the intricate working o! things it enters his own instead. Hamlet dies in the arms of Horatio. Every thing i3 worked cut in his favor, and he at 'last performs his duty in a way that. leaves i liia character unsullied and his soul un stained. ' And that should teach us There ia a divlaity that shapes our ends, Rough-hew them how we will.' 