TELEPHONE TALKS. Quiz :—" Now, Miss Mac, I want to talk to two Ministers this morning, so that I must ask you to be lively. First of all switch me on to the Chief Secretary, Christian Gordon. He, I know, will be glad to hear my voice once more. Good morning, Mr. Gordon. How is the Christianity market V " Go along with you, you scoffer. I recognise your voice, and I don't want to have anything to say to you." " Oh come, come, John, what have I been and gone and done now: I am not going to bore you with criticisms on your famous address on Christianity, in which you stirred up the bile of the well-^ed parsons. I have a much more important matter to discuss." " Well, out with it. Time is money with me." " And money is time with me. That is to say, people take time to pay me what they owe me. The subject of our morning's discourse, brethren, is the sexagenarian member of the Civil Service." " Oh, bother." "Now,- don't be impatient. Not very long ago I believe you sent out a circular to the various departments requesting information concerning all officers who are over 60 years of age." " Oh, goodness. That appeared in the daily papers days ago." " Yes, but I am going to add some thing which has not so far appeared in print. Amongst the officers addressed -were the Audit Commissioners. Am I right? Yery well. Your circular was returned with the reply 4 Nil,' eh r " Co ahead." "Whereupon you wrote a minute somewhat to the following effect—I won't vouch for the exact language :— 4 Not seeing the names of the Audit Commissioners on the list submitted, I presume they are over 60 years.' How is that ?" Fairly correct." Oh, I'm all right, ain't I ? as Charley's Aunt would say." Yes/ but it puzzles me how you <( (< pick up your information." " The birds, my dear sir, the birds. The dear little feathered creatures kept Eiisha 'alive in the wilderness, and they enable me to keep my columns lively. Now we come to the answer to your second query. The document was once more returned bearing the inscription ' Yes, both over 60.' Ha, ha, ha. I couldn't help laughing when I was told about it. "What consternation there must have beenH in the camp! Of course the Audit Commissioners having been appointed under a special Act thought they were absolved from replying to impertinent official enquiries. But tell me what the Government propose to do." " Ah, you want to know too much. We haven't settled our policy yet." "But you might give me a brief outline." " A brief outline. That reminds me 1 hat I have a brief on my desk at this very moment, and I must study it at once. Good morning, Quiz." " Ring up the Premier, Miss Mac. Are you there, Charles Cameron Kingston." " Yes, it is either myself or my spook, and I fancy I'm a little too substantial to palm myself off as a ghost. I find myself singing some times, 'There will be too much of me in the coming by-and-bye.'" / " Then why don't you go in for banting, like Sir Thos. Macllwraith." "I've tried it, Quiz, my boy, but it's of no use. If I'm going to be fat I shall be fat. It is not to be resisted. You can't fight against nature, or else why is it that the Prince of Wales is bald ¥' " Give it up. Tell me something about your recent gallivanting in the South-East." " Oh, that's all been in the papers." " Kot all, Charles. You must have had some important motive to induce you to go down to the South-East." " Of course I wanted to see the garden of the colony, as it is called." " And the forthcoming elections had no part in the project ?" " Pooh ! Of course not. What could I do, and what candidates would I be likely to favor V " That must remain a secret. Rut I do congratulate you on one thing." " Ah ! What is that T3 "Well, I believe you've secured Riddoch's vote all right." " What makes you think so f3 " Sly dog. Sly dog. Look at your promise about those freezing works. Why, Riddoch's heart and soul are wrapped up in their establishment, and you have promised Government assistance in the shape of a loan. Clever Charlie." "I don't see anything particularly clever about it. Don't you believe .it to be desirable to have freezing works in South Australia ?" *' Most assuredly I do. I would have them established at Port Augusta and at—well, say Kingston as well. And, mind you, I think the pastoral industry is just as deserving of support as the farming or the mining industry." "Then what are you growling at ?" " I am far from growling. I was only complimenting you on your astuteness. You have got a good vote, or I should think you have, and at the same time you have made a promise which, if carried out, will be of material advantage to South Aus tralia. Wnat we want is the develop ment of industries which are likely to prove profitable to the community as a whole." "That is the idea of the Government to a T. Have you any more questions? I am very busy." , " Well, what are your notions on the subject of bimetallism ?" " Haven't got any. Don't under stand it. Ask Ben Rounsevell. Or Holder. Or Thompson. One kind of metal is good enough for me—gold —provided I've got plenty of it in my pocket. Good-day, Quiz." 