POLITI? AL, 9'ire following '?andielatos. have been dthlultloly tanounced to stand for 'lthe uIinma Electoratoe :-- esars, G. W: Fuller, M?P,, Alex. Camnpboll, 'Ihomnas Joeus and John O'Sullivan. It is, nlso rumoured that the following also have .no eye to the position :-Mlussers, \W. Whilto (Robertson), Oen). Rieluetts (Jnmournoo). Wer nutioO by the IMrero'CnO that AIr A, Lysaghr, a oaldidlaso for Wollongong, addressed a meeting at Jainboro oni Wednoeday evening last, Next time Mre, Lysnght inlends spealciug in this district we would suggost that he ae. quainit the ]ncal press of the frol- we prefer the notice by advortisolnui t. M.R LYsAanrl'radressed aa well attondud meeting of eloctors at the Tol'emprance nll, Shollharbour, on Snturdaey evening, teo Mayor (r V(r W. Mathio, J.P.) presid. Ig., With the exooption of several unoon0. pllontary remarlks coueernng Mr. Oamull. bell, M.P,, the tiddroes wwia muohl ",thu same as that delivorud at lthe provlo?s mertings. At theooloso a vote of coall. dleneo was accorded unatnimttalyl about Imtwnty hands being hold up in favour, and Inonu, gninst..-Mro utr/ .. :. Mit, IW. \VI~Tr, of ROelurtson, address. id ai moting of tihe olooltor a. Phoesant Ground on Wednesdaty evoning last, i Mlr; T. Armstrong, son., being iit thoe hair. lie advaontoed froe.trade, it ltnd tax ibi the uninmproved value of Inirid lihrymoati mofl mmbers, local governmeoni, ,rloiial federation, local oiption with, euom Ironeation, nrid partial opening of hotlos ? Sullnday, Mr, White received nfrioiel'? ly hearing, and ia vote of eonlidnena ,e was proptsed by Mr, J. Henry, loolidelod by II', J, Thltirs and: carrled uinimoulm ly, it, 0. W v, Fvure, raddressed r the ketltors of Robeort'nn in the School of Arts on Saturday tnight, 1Mr. W, ' R, Ihladmarsh, jun., oeoupled the ehairh, dtl the hall was crowded, iMr. Fuller touch od on all the loading tolies itid 'loulogiued lir, Geor?geL Dltih's naetionl at thoe litle, of the bltltling clrisis 'ithe looting was most orderly, and ,an unanimous vlte of cunillldano ntiisll ased ot lthe cnldidlater, While lit this pa't of thib ilectorate MA1l' iFuller will ildrlass tlh Eleotorr nfat Kantioon r, Bitrrnwilng . Myra Vale, and PIlifoint OnGtround b" 'llctItII AnIrat," wrl'ting from .:Berry ao Sriiuldy'as SBhotalhalven Ntew says: - Ini coriniqualrtors there tipparlI to iore l regruttalee e lllasing analugat free.o tridurs in roiopeaot' ti anrlidate 'for the IIIt>roachhlg oluotetht~,ill' iInd ths is nolloio olds in the Klama disoldbiiteu its' Inch' at olhowhero, I haveo stiniflthni Mr.';AIlox, Omnphoell ai eat nstimial rtler'nti ',nd 1 ,very popular noei from nill I a itiilatm oit1 hiot uieatani?ed to cert'ost thi e'olfotliiri "for,. Minima. WVhlen? ?l prmoa wts thlat, ,n ire tioniil h1i, a I, In a .i¢elyiortdhrlilteo,' r`i ?ny frootradora eroe 'of 'tlie 'onio miind that ni, Omnpboll, n1u rniit'or' loeW {.qoo;fhi clhnces might be, would nont' opplos a t11man of theo s22imIrp of Air., Fuller, pIro mninent fr'etrader, straight gnoer, one who liha lone since proved limself a worthy represenhtative for Kiia2mn, anld one who, ju[dging from the expressions of electors whel Imot t the a1gricultlura1l shown and 21n stoh (obnionll 11221 22has given almos. t uni. versal satisfacftion. It doiy;( om2 '2a pity thllat two mo2n like IMri. Fluller and 22 rl Campbell should moet as opponoents An umany would he 1 arry to 1 e1r 1 n1 thait tihe no had boeen led to oplposoe the other simply for opp0osition's sakel, pelrhalps to satisfy a few electors who might ho of a factions spir.it ready to cause i0 'aplit in thoe c?mp of any particular Ilrty. And 2io one who knowsa him well m cah say hla is m22do of Asuch sit1ff s to I)) oppose one so desorving of honour as Mr. Fuller iolroly for the emoluments of ollicn. It is, I asumit gailn, 20 t1housand pities that1 those two men should bo led into thel field toget0her." ORIENTAL MIINISTRELS. Thie Orientnl Miniotrel troupe opened thuir first show thin tour at. Gorringong on Monday evening, but for someo ulteriio reastot, 1i peoplo of tho little township did not givo Ihe pItronnge to Ihis concert that they so unlhllanimusly l(promised at the hlst visit. It seemeo d a pity that somo ulnl?;fnonll eirciclnstances Ablolllld have the eooet of s)opping the peoplie from givnl, their support to as good a troupeoas over visited' Gerriilgog. Afteor waiting: till past.8 the company determined to give the few of the audienco the full benefit of their prograluno, and after Ml',. t red Gnoch played Ia sparkling overture the troupo marchdd on and opened their first part with n medley openingl choros which w ppr'eciatted bIy Ithe aldieeee, Mro, G . [lolden (Tambl) snl g " Billy's Droam," roceivina ne good roulnd of alp plnuso. Mr. Il. A. Leon won thI appro bation of the andienotn with the careful redering of "One hnlunred Fathoms Dep,." Tm?tlny Jackson feirly took the house by storm anld the naudience will " weep no ntor'i" when they listen to him. Sid Gibson ga(e his rollicking solg "The Rowdy Crouw" and had to responid to a:welIl mnlcited encore'v,. Our old friend Herb James " Huld olt his Light" land received all tlio applaunu pallilble in the sutllll audience land an. swelerod to ita voOeifeornt? incr' ,pr.Mi'. A, Leon kindly obliged thou ltdio(lco with iinotlher sonlg, 'tCnmrllandolLL whiho took wevoll. After Mr. J, M'ann tellilng them nhoit his "Sally witlh the Coal Black Eyes " anld receiving grlun(t applaue, the firs' ,(it nr d wOndod with ( very fanllnly Lt1inal ontitled " Ghosts," everyone enjoyiag it to the utinn(mt, The (,li, cnnsisted of some very tinue spooillitoe, the Ihot hoiing agrand dr'amatioe R(ine, "' A 'l'o?e o(f Mile Ilod ll?od," by tMr. A. E. Looni which had I thrillinl effect anlld 3 s1ptllllanellous shout of itapplineu grleted the finish, andt hIe contributed two flo3 o coi?l ditlltis is8 nnc1rn(s, which highly iunsed"'l thei poople. Mosnra, GC 1Joldl(en (Itld J. Mh'Canll bath eontriut'ilt1 smcialities, being high ly enjoyed, lland H1O'b blIamies 01amo0 next with his ci along,(( Irish turn "' The R?al Old Irish Gntll?tl3llni, ' nlld his jigs took the puolile's faiui oy l imuclh thtil he gave anlother dittyllid dalnce ils enLco(ire. Sid (Giblsnngaveii .I. few comoic songs :get. tinlg his share of rialnlhlso noide' the ,sh1ow torlinidaod ;with it side3 slittitng farce oenlilloil " ''lThe R?or Frinid ":-Man iager!', Mr. Fred (Iooli ; Pelo, 'Tomlmy Jaickson ; Hily Irving, 'Herb Judies,; amtld Aladmlll OClank I1ye, IE. Leoni; which loft everyone'n in I( no(1d hu1ii mr, The hall boeiln eleared ldancinlig was'l kept ilup till 1 cl',o'ck, inul despite the motl: dilparaging oihcumnstanlets l tendinig, ihe (conc3rt allwho did (go vlid nt'ly Oejolly. oed thlelu solhves 3til'ronghly.; The liext sllhowmis in K(laia, i this eveiug anll d it ii' ito be hoped the pieople of theodirist l will give the conpiany it g(Idil rI'eetilli: CowlnrUNIoAnrIe,. 