OUR LOCAL CHURCHES. A SERIES OF CRITICAL SKETCHES. Br Ktbos. * He wreathed the tod of criticism, with rows.' — btsaiau. Ko. 2 The Prahran Presbyterian Church. Sermon by the Rev. W.S. Rolland. Practical Christianity. !' ?. i I drep fc 'tjow at a venture and hit the '?Ber.VTi 8. tWlland. , .Tte^Prahmn . Presbyterian Church in Cl-oii well-road, Hawkebnm, i- VSjifm paratively recent addition to tbe local cbnrches. It ii only sbont 12 yean since that the Toorak aod Sooth Yarra churches established a miulnn in f.h» Mi»i.iv.n.w which proved so successful that in J889 a permanent church building was erccted and opened in December of .that year. I remember it for I was present at the open ing. ? Externally tbe church is of red brick, the root of green slate with terracotta ridging. Internally tbe building is light and attractive. Four fine archcs supported on columns of Stawell freestone sustain tbe lofir/ roof, and tbe wbite wails and large pfine windows prevent the slightest appearance of heaviness. The floor slopes from the entrance towards the pulpit, wbicb, rising from nn elevated dais, has in front of it the scats for tbe choir. Tbe whole of the seats are arranged in semi circles and are both roomy and comfort* able. Being, together with the pulpit and other furnishings, of polished Huon pine, they have a bright, light and attractive appearance. It is a church essentially built for comfort, in whicb when -the sun light steals through the windows in tbe morning one's spirits would fly upwards in lightness. But it happened to be eveniog when I visited it. A damp, raw, cold eveniog, when the streets looked deserted. I suppose people were going to church, but it certainly did not look like it. From somewhere down west the strains of tbe Salvation Army band floated up, the big drum kindly muffled by the distance, and the bells ot St Matthew's were ringing— but that goes without saying, ^here was warmtbio tbechurch, however, and warmth in tbe porch, where sevoral courteous officers stood to welcome vis! fore, aud , brightness inside. , A pipe organ is not yet one of tbe | ! features of the church. There is, and has been always, the desire to possess one, , but for the present a neat little cabinet organ has io do duty. First organist stole in and took her seat, then ope by otye tbe members of the choir Resembled. It , was not a large choir. As a matter 'of fact there were butiten altogether ; but it was quite evident during tbe evening that they could effectually lead tbe singing as well as contribute a well executed anthem. And (here was no fuss or parade in their singing. There were some capable leading voices, the bass being exceptionally full and powerful, but they executed no musical gympaptips, por got pp and appealed to t^e pongregption to look at them. I have beard the leading treble of a church cboir sing 'La, 1b, la, la,' right through the whole service without an intelligible word being uttered, whilst ber eyes have rovid round the building as tboogh she would have said : ' Come ye and worship ye my singing 1' And I am always glad to find a cboir whicb does not posture, bat really tries to lead tbe con gregational eiogiog. Several hundred persons were -present but in tbe large building the congregation appeared tbin. A comfortable, contented congregation it looked, three-fourths of it being feminine. In these latter days woman is tbe worshipping animal and man, the superior, stays at home and criticises preachers and preaching by the aid of his newspaper. There is very little difference in tbe services ot tbe nonconformist churches, in Victoria at any rate. Excluding those of tbe Roman Catholic, the Church of Eng land, and tbe Salvation Army, one might listen to tbe remainder and fail to delect any difference between tbcm save io (be order of the hymns and prayere. A very hHnf nravAr hv Hip Rav. W fi ItalUnri opened the service on Suoday evening,' followed by an evening hymn sung with much sweetnefin. ' Tbe sun that bid» as rest, is waking Our brethren 'uenth the western sky, And hour by hour fresh lips ore ma^Lnife, Thy ivoudrous doing* heard on high.' The lesson for tbe evening was selected from (be Acts of the Apostles, chapter x., and embraced the story of the vision of the Angel to Cornelius: and as be read, the reverend gentleman added marginal notes ? of his own to the story, pointing out that it was worth noiicjng that a Roman Centurion prayed, and not only so but was in the habit of praj-cr. When one comes (o think of it, the circumstance is curious. Sapposing tn these latter day? a paragraph ran tbe rnund6 of tbe society papers to this effect— MWc are informed tbat Major-General ? ? bas recanted trom the Proles taut faith and bas adopted a belief in tbe ancient Roman gods. We are creditably informed that be bas croc ted an altar to Jupiter in tbe drawing-room of his mansion at Toorak, and daily -saciificcs upon it to his God.' Yet the thing would not be more strange than a Roman Centurion praying (o the God of (be conquered Hebrews. Tbe visit of Peter to Cornelius further gave tbe preacher an opportunity of com menting upon tbe resurrection of Christ. Hie German Idea be pointed out. was that it was a mere fantasy of tbe Apostles' brains. Bat the statement of Peter that' the Apostles did eat and drink with Him ?after He rose from the dead refuted this idea. -Surely a spirit could not cat and drink. I anticipate that long befoic this series of artioles is finished I shall have' occasion to touch opon this subject again, i Meanwhile I may eay frankly thkt looking at the statements of tbe different Apostles i with a police qourt , eye, (bat is an eye 1 wbicb sifts evidence without regard to the ' recall, H does appear that the stalemenU 1 regarding Christ* s eating and drinking | are significantly accentuated in orderjo ! emphasise the fact that Bis body was fiot ! that of * spirit but of 4 iqan. | Here, like the Iter. W. *®. RoHand^! break off. The lesson leads np to the, .sermon, but -meanwhile there is another prayer in whicb the reverend gentlemau dwells upon the good old gospel,' .the same old gospel i there is a psalm, an anthem by tbe cboir, ' Lift up your beads, O ye gates,' and tbe collection. Also there are 1 (he announcements made by one of the 1 stewards embracing a lccture in conncc- 1 tion with the Literary Socivty,:-tbe Wed nesday evening service, the cboJr practice, the Band of .Hope., gathering, -and - tbe M'Neill mission in Melbourne. ' This gives evidence of much internal activity to the church; but' there is one thing forgotten iu the notice paper, aud this (be pastor suppliea. Next Sunday there is (o fcea special offering tod £IG0 at tbe least is anticipated. 80 tbe .con gregation .bas decided, and, were it not that I must be elsewhere t should certainly be at Cromwell-road on Sonday evening to Eee if1 tlie wish 'is anticipated— as it was at St Matthew's. recently, s . . . A similar -Unerof, thought to that which ' be bad pursued In ti-e reading lesson tbe preacher took np in bis .sermon, selecting tbe words as bis text *' God anointed 'Jeans' of Naeareth with the Holy Ghost aud with power; , who went about dsfng good, for God was with him.' 'That,' said the preacher, 'is the Gospel which Peter preached so that Cornelius and those with bitR mig^t.iqtelligeptly j^ndcratand jwh^t they were to believe. 6oroetimes I think there is too much asking people to believe without tbeir understanding what they are to believe.V I i' {'/-?' J : * ; ' Precisely I * 'Man^ fabridre-is of people 1 stay ontside the pale of tbe churoh because 1 tbey cannot .obtain satisfactory answers to 1 the questions which will-suggest themselves , in i the miod of .an enquiring man. lam not' refeiring'to those folks who always want to split straws and wi.l never be satisfied until everything is demonstrated to tbem'witb (be exactness of a mathe matical table. ' But : there is another large class whose emotions having been -touched seek for light and knowledge in tbe church. And it does happen sometimes that they do not find it; that instead of being offered an explanation of a difficulty they are told that they are iu danger of freethinking and infidelity ; and thai as a consequence they assume that tbe church cannot answer their euquiries, and so do drift into the infidelity which a candid answer would hare averted. No minister can consistently ask a man to believe anything unless he can give nn intelligent statement of its nature. But tbe point which the preacher was really approaching was the goodness of Jesus Christ, and he emphasised ihe amount of busy work which was crowded into tbe years of His miuistry. Jesus was nut a dreamer or an anchoritc but lived a practical life among men, strengthening himself in secret prayer with bis Father — tbe latter the secret of succcss ; and tbe preacher sketched out with a few pointed touebss the life of Christ in doing good. From Mabommedan to European social ists there is probably no difference of opinion opon the question of Christ's social work. One rarely fiuds now any doubt expressed 36 to the reality of Jesus Christ's 'existence. The Unitarian may deny His incarnation and tho 'Australian' Church elide His divinity, but tbe testi mony of Paul, himself an established historic personage, is amply sufficient to ; establish tbe fact that Jcsub Christ lived and ' went about doing good.' Indeed ibe trend of opinion outside tbe ortbudox: church, so it seems to me, is t£ glorify His social wofji at' the expense ot His divinity. It was thissoeial work, or aa we woulJ , express it now-a-day ' tbe J 'practical ! Christianity ' of Christ that tbe' preacher I dwelt particularly npon. He argued that, in following their Master's example men were | not to be mere dreamers, nor (0 go away into monasteries 01 nunneries, but to make tbeir peacc with God through Christ's blood and then to go about, doing good. And in illustration of wba{ might be ac complished he recited some interesting facts culled from the letters of Mr. Macart ney on Christian activity in England. This . was a subject in which I could follow bim with interest) for a quarter of a centnry ago I bad a pretty good insight into that work. 'Slumming' in those days was not tbe established pursuit it now is ;. but (here were thousands of / men and women of all classes busily engaged in tbe work of reclaiming tbe fallen and destitote in London ; helping obscure seamstresses to a position where tbey coqlf} maintain themselves with comfort ; picking qp the waits and strays of civilization and tran shipping them to the new lands of America and Australia. Since then ihe work bas proceeded apace aud is one of the most hopeful signs of modern times, out of which will arise possibly by aod bye a larger understanding of tbe mutual relation of all classcs and the amelioration of poverty, crime, and distress whiah lias raised its hydra head in the midst of modern civilisation. Tbe preacher quoted many instances of this work— of the medical man who had opened the Livingstone College for tbe training of missionaries so (bat tbey might add medical skill to their other attainments; of the brewer's son who finding tbnt brewing aod ohrietianity did not go together gave up a large portion of his fortune and devoted himself to mission work in tbe lowest -parts of Loudon ; of Miss' Annie Mcpherson who had readied 6,760 little waffe trom tbe. polluted at mosphere of the great city and settled them in pure homes in Canada and Mani toba. He told of the Edinburgh Castle hotel, changed from a public ^ouse to a Coffee House and forming tbe centre of Dr. Barnardo's work ; be sketched out the beginning of (bat philanthropist's wor£; encountering a. ragged boy be put to him the ^oestion — ' Where ate your friends I V « Aint'got no friends.' ' Where do yon live ? ' ' Don't live nowhere.' H Haven't you got any friends like yourself I*' ' iteaps on *em. Mor'n I could count' Then fiow the doctor ♦oo'k him aod fed; bim and learnt from bim that he kbew something about Jesus Christ. u 'Ec's tbe Pope o' Rome.' ^jjd how tbe doctor tben gave bis lite to fhe work among tbe waifs of England, quoting those enormous statistics of good done ^rith i^hicfy most of us are acquainted tint whicn are hardly realisable frota their vastness. He went on to speak of tbe work of Q lady In (be gaol houses of Morocco and Algiers, with a graphic description of the horrors witnessed there ; ot prisoners punished by having tbeir bands gaabed, salt rubbed, into tbeir bleed ing wounds, and their limbs, bound, .up nntBjtbey jwithqred for^ever. . Aqd,.from_ all (bis he drew the practical lesson that Christian people with very little apparent opportunity or ability could do great works. What, be^ad3^d,Js 'yanj^d 1(0} more ability 'bat more will. 'Aye, there's the rub/' as, Mr. William, Shakespeare said. ' people only exercised' the will, there fjre few things tbey conld not accomplish, even io a tpate^ial sense. If Victorians . fotfterf/that, their, ponntiy should be a bright and prosperous one^ a year bence it would be so. But then most of us are content to ait down and let otber * people exercise1 the will power while we tell them tl^ey ^ill never succeed. There are too BMtny c tiUcs for the proportion of workers. Altogether Uie aermon was a homely, practical, useful one, to which it was a pleasure to listen.* 