'CONVICT ISO, 25.'' OB, THE CLEAEANCES OF WEST MEATH. A^ ? Et James Muephy. OHAPTEE XL THE BECOVEBT. {Continued.1) 11 A nice itftta of things !' said Euperf, with d droll smile at the free-and- easy explanation of the other. ' And yoa ?' '.Well, wo do out? best.' ?' To kesp poooo bsfc^oon thorn ?' ' Certainly sot,' said the colonel,1! witB OS snmed indignation, ' And what then P You puzzle mo !' 'You hava not scad politico! eeonomj doeply enough yot, Eapopfc, to andoratand it. We do nothing baj atudjiag it hoso. Wo food aotliiog else ' ' I don't see what that has Co do with if.' ' Don't you see that t'aoi'o ia hot ono land lord, whilst there Emy ?og fivethonsand tenants P That's not fair play. So cuv pate?aal Govern ment, desiring to eqaaliza matters, sends uo across.' 11 What S To help tbo landlords P' 'That's just it, Kupes-r.' ' And do you like tlao wovk P' ' Why, at firoi: it didn't seem vezj comforting to one's HOtioa of chivalry or honour ; but one gets usod to it, -Rapeafe— one geta used to it. Much OS the sola eat uood to tho skinning, and like it.' ' 'I understand,' said Saps?f-, foiling isto tho bumouv off tfeo droll gravity oi tho other. ' Tnes'-aForo it is, Eapart, fcaat vro eowe to jegard them qb oh? enemies. That young Rip], singing s soag a-3 sbe oavriea the milk pail over the daisy field, stops be? oong when efeo sdgs us ride past. You might aa wall oxpaet tho lark to sing in fcbe ppooonoo ok tho hawk. The very bsby ia his mothos'a or oiatosj'a oumg glares at ne, as iit ho wgso vyiolung hs had a doable barrelled bltsoSoEbaofl £oe jnsfc about five minute.' 'It muot bo a vovy plQcaant life,' ' You coo havo qo idea of it. No oaaai whatever. Order comeo to Band q troop to Sip Somebody's touoland, to attend distraint, or sale, o? eviotioDj Thursday osoraiog. Thursday morning comoa ; sanybs it's d vintai-'a moaning, with the goow foal? d £oot era ilia gvoasd, and the men ore preparing to leave tlao bGrrack-yoL'u. 3STot being political eeonoaaiaia, tho men don't like the work. They bavo not EOEehod tho goto, when o EaosooQgGi5 eosaes riding i-39 with a meo brightened op with.osopoieo enh dolight. Hoio Sib Somebody'fl teaatod atous.i'&, 02 bailiff, 0? Something 02 othoe, and ho sides to to asy that We need not go. Sii' Soioobody wns obot loot alght thFoagh tho lung?, whilot ho woo adramng the mooa or the onov7 foam his drowing-toosB window 5 or jagfi qq ho wno getting oil his ho?so at the holl-dooe otop a round ballot Used faosa tho elarap o!i; troeo, 0 fovy yards sb odvonee, breaks Ms right lag xuio Dmitho^Gouo. Mso Beneeg1 irelateo this with as a^nch plaoanalacms and happioeso cio if ho were tallies hov7 ho Sell in £05? a fortosio. Ho ssaias actpally pvoarl of ' the honour that hao befallen hio saastsp. It seamg a now titlo, QUBwasfine; to g paesagGj os? a O.B. ia England, that haa baon eonfosrod! apon him.' ' Don't yon thiob it ratiieg oiagulog doty to be on P' ' It did Dt first dgom 00 ; but. do I onid be£oi'o. we_ hovo got used to it. Bssido tbooo littlo iooidents tai5a ap frequently Qnoaeli to vavy it vary agreoably. Now, thsro wao Eovin Mooi'e, fo? ins'ancs — —' 'Kevin MooroP O'a, yop. It was ho that bad the handoocao oiater,' said Rapeuf. ' Whot wag liar aama, pvoy ?' ooisod tho Colonel testily, ' Norah Mcoyo.' ' Nofah Mooro ! May I ask yoa d qaesiios, itapeFt Y' 'Yes, certainly,' oaid Snport. ' How loag woro you in Wostsaoatb P' ' Only whiia I wa3 driving feora tho botm dary to that confounded quarry.' ' Well, I mast ssy yoa havo picked up a most extensive knowlodfte, ia a mighty short time, of ito history asd antiquities.' ' Autiquitios !' snid Rupert somonDti'Dtingly. 11 Well, Nntaral History then.' ' Hardly that eithoi1,' oaid Rupert laaghia;?. 'Bat that brings 5230 sound to ahot I uaa asking yoa. Whore am I now, and wfioao feoaco am I ia P' ' Oh, yea. I hud foi'gottoa that, ioOi To tell 50a which wan, infload—beoidea oooiag how yoa were doing — my chio? besincos foovo this morning. You tiro in Sit' Hovdiopjo's honso. That maketj tho owkwnvdoeBa 0? tho thing,' said tho Colonel with oorao degree 0? nnnoyaoco in hio BiQnnop. 'It wav unpleasant enough that yoa? unole ohoald fjloae his life by his honcl ; bat there were othe? oircomstaneea attending tho dupl that meke it esoeedingly nnoomfort able that jou should be his gueBt even bj ecoi dent.' ' What shall I do P' ' I farcy tho?e is nothing,' said the colonel with a great ee?iousnofs of manner, ' fos? you to do bat to wait hs?o until you g?q better. Meantime, let no word bo dropped to indicate that ?ou know o'i tho old qaasrel,' 'TTnless thoy montion it.' ' Which they will bo certain not to do ; if by ebancs they Qhoold, ehaDgo tho topic as deli cately as yon can. Thoro ora rsasona for it, and, at any pots, they Iagvq bsoa very kind and very attentive to you.' ' How maay aro thera ia tho family P' 'Four; Sir Hardingo. his lady, his soa aa-3 daughter. Bat I need not desoriba then?. You will know them all (shortly. I was ansious fo to bs the first to osplaia your poGit'oa to yoo, lest Roiao av7kwcrd ccafcretcmpsahonld oocu?.' ' I am vo?y inuc'a obliged.' ' Don't mectioa it. I thiak we've talked enough for oao morning, and cs I have wosk to do this ssoraia,1?, I ohall tide baok to barracks without doloy.' Aud aftsf some fnvfchor con?3rsation they pasted, and Rapsyt was loft to his own sefhe tionp. 'It's a ve?y awkwafd basiiicsa tbat I should have come here of sll plsoej in tLo world,' he thought to himself, 'What a eu?ioa8 coinci dence !' Bat es big position was none of bis seeking, and bsyonl big praveation oc remsdy, Rapert bad good ssnse enough to sccept eifenra stonoss aa they were, and to maka the bstt of. them. OHAPTEE XII. OSCHAED COTTAGE. Eupost grew rapidly ws\\), and in a few days was able to move about. There was a great doal 0? kindncas and attention shown to him by Sir Haedingo oud hia family ; and, iEsansibly, in tbe intimacy that grew up, ho had learned iu a groat aegzoe to forgst the old soi'0 thst existed. Whether ho talked oh tho balcony with Sir Hni'dinRoandhinlody, acoompaaiod MorsHEdaks oa a oporting oscui'oioa through tho plantfitioa at the bock of tho house, or walked with Miss Lacy through tho flower-bada and roHe- ts-esp, aad tho blooming posohs3 that lay to the loft, those was nothing but the greatest eouYtsey and kind H633 oho?jn him, NothinR ia the dightoet cIqrbgo Eflani&sted; itaol? ia their words oi1 aetiotis to indicate that oay previous nnpleagaatnoGS had ovop existed. Marmadulse iio found a vesy agt'eocblo fallow. His knowledge of tho world, bia intissato acqnaiatanee with Loadou li?o cad soeioty, Bad ^?ith a good tnany ol tho actors therein V7hoja Rapsst also kaov?', mndo hia eonve^aation vary cheering ond pleusant. A quief, heresies? youag fellow ho ceeiiiod to bo, who, whsn ho waa ia good health, muet have boon an cEgc^in^ com paaiou, butwhooohoclthaow was too dobilifcatod to allow him yoey much activity. Miaa Havdinge he found to bo a va?y pi'stoi sessing girl, wita vo?y little oi Jaey nsoiljQr'c; hanghtinosa dqc] 0 goad deal oi hos ftthoc's feanknees of Kjanaos?. But sunaiag throagb. tho conversation of oil ho had foaod, to his great surpnjo, n masked dioliko and contempt fo? tho psoplo who tan anted tho CQtatog. It wao aot so mtuksd ia the younger people as in tho older, bat it was tbe?o monifcDtly, and ooeai'ped at timeo in eon veroation ao naturally aa to aeaw to bo past cod pn?G3l o? thsit' odaoatioG. Eapost Lad nevejsaoa tho like aaonifeBted in England. Ho had always been aeeostoraod to hoai' hio fatbei1 talk ole hiotanaatt'y with kiadli oeso and respocf, and it iraproogod inia oomo whafc painfully to hoai' tho depreciating sofor oGeea that wei'o constantly Dsing made to tho people now. Aa with ofchos1 tbingo, howovei1, ramiliasity dallod hig oonsoof thoag anploasaQt Eeflrctione, and aftoi' a Ghost time tboy bogan to loso their freohaeaa, aud ho bogan to £eol accus tomed tD theH. Evan Miaa Havgyave's slight ing i'oforsacDM began by degrsoa not to asoiH oteango (0 Litn ; and by the time ho bad boon a few days amoar* tnoaa ho had ooruq lnaeasibly bioiGol? to imbibe tho otimo prejudices, His dnyo pasuod very ogi'aoobly. It was so plecsaat iu tho oai*ly mojaing to walk ove? tho noE.tly.-SQa7ei1 Iowa with Movsaaduko os Sii1 Havdinge ; oi1 through ho heath on tho hillside, wke?e tho rustle o£ tho gfouso moving uneasily through the long grasn, 0? calling (0 cna aaot'-iti1 plaintively, alono diaiarbad the quiet bocaky oJ the seoae. It w^q qo delightful to walk with Mioo Hfivgvova through tho oool gvovGa of ti'cea tbet olopsd down to tbs kko. through whpga oilont coi'ridos.'8 tho oonlighfc foil in brolrsa putohes oa thomaray ooft grass under hia feet. There vrss [to much that wgb kindl/ ond coui'fcc'ou^ thsvo waa so Hsuoli oympatiiy and QoiicHado ohown fos him, f'jat ho soon learnod to 2otg&t; thst t'n?ra had ever boon aay unpleiiSEsntnsag batwesn their families, 01? that tho blindg had ever been drawn down on tho E$on:Ein3-hou86 in Davonshire. Ha wes agreeably a'traoted by t'aa place, and he vvro, unknown to himself, beginning to be attaohsd to M.\m Hirgtave. The quiet gentle ness of ner raennef bsfmoaizod so pleasantly with the woodland scenery, end seemed asso ciating itself with the delightfal happiness of returning health and strength, that ho grew to like her society inexpressibly. It was delightfal, too, to lsaa bnok in tha boat oa- the lake, the sunlight sparkling from its qniot waters—save whsre the sbadows of the tall tfaes on its banks cast a pictnvaEque Bhadpw —and rest his injared arm, while the young girl, hep face glowing with exeroiae and her eyas bright with plea8U?e, slowly rowsd him along. Tce?e was a dreamy senss of plsasure, of rest, is those evening rows on the still waters 0? the lake. There was a pleasant feeling of ssnsoons repose sasgounding him, wholly undisturbed by eny ontward troubles of ancojaucss; hig mind felt bathed ia an atmosphere 'warm as the bright air around him, and quist ss.the solemn stilinssa 0? ths shadowed groves. Colonel Montfo.it had been engaged ever einoe he had seen him, He had sent him wo?d to tbat 6ffsct, with his regrets thai he was unable to call over to visit him, and hig hopes that he was getting better. Some duturbance had been occurring in the Northern portion of the oouaty ; some graziers who had recently taken large tvaota of land that had baen ^ cleared ' for them bad had their cattle slaughtered in t*io night-tima. Soiu.a of the forme? tenants, poor oraatares, hsdbesn ssen hanging sbont tbo sife of their formsp homes, and were tsoat natu? ally suepectsd of fcbe businfs?. Not, indeed that there was tnu3h otherwise to ttfciaet them thore ; fos ths thatch of their ccttagea. had long since been rotten as manure ia the dyko and on the headland, and there was neither wall no? wmdow nor hearth stone io ind'Oita whera their home had baen. The light fchould n&ve;? glimmer a?aia in the cottage windows, nor ths bright fire bura on the hearth* or sleeping baby nsstla in its mother's lap, gs the pleasant chat went round by the fireside of wintsr night?. Ages of tri bulation and sorrow and submission had driven a good deal of the aasnbood oat of the mon- kind, and so they left their homes with ?ar laas dir pofiition to resistance th&n; ever hrntad Indian did before the advancing pale-fsce. So submissive indeed were they, and bo humbly disposed- to sae thair homes tore down and their families tn?ned on the roadside without yaising ?3 hand, that the colonel, himself1 inclined to sti'ongly diiliko tho cloarancs, could not help Bayiog oftoa to himaolf, as ho rode along with men, that thoy wsro hardly worth giving shelter to, who cog1;3 so helplessly look on, and, with tosyo in thai? ayes, sao thsir wives and littla ones turned oat to etasve without gaiaing a hand to sava them ! Bat against tbafc again, however, could bo placed tho fhtteriag tribute of tho Jadgs of Assize ou tbo psseaful character of the peoplo. Thevo had not bean Eos.1 years oatrsge or any kind ia tho county. It was the njost penoefal county iq Iveland, Nowhero wes fcbe law eo severed and i'onpee'eod. It w?.o a model county. And ovoq the Piisflo Minioter of the day had borne testimony to tho good ehnracta? f.ad law-abiding diapooition of ito people, ion ESiaaE-kabla spsoch n th.9 Hcugo ot Cosamona. What OoloB9l. MontfoEfc tTionght, however, cf fchio esoossivQ lav/-abidiag digposition of the paopJe might bo i!-fo?iiad from an extract from odg of his Iettepa to Eupasi, in apology for sot osUing upon hiss : — 41 1 daelore I don't know, Etspsrt, what dzs tiny is before th?Ge \iclacky nativea. Tbsy are tnjaedontEJOEGrGSsoi'oelsssly from their holdings than qybv Pis?-i'?o and faia followsro turned the ookod Indians fi'om iheiv hunting-grounds, with thio oseoptioa, thot tho Indians fought for their firotjnds. Thoss pooplo won't 0? don't know how to fiohfc. ' Thoy yioid rap their fema ond boo taeie hoaass tora dor/a befoj?a thcie foeea with the weoknoGD and teozs of old woinsn. ' Wo Di'o noeo pvotfoung q Bowalandj no'w held by one Sandy M'Nob, whore ovei.1 a dozsn familico ooaaa t7?o yeavo oro dwelt. Sandy's eatiio woge Qlaagh'coij5d 0 faw night-3 aiaeo, aad it ic oappooad tbat ooieo or tho foymor tenants did it in i'avouga. I don't bsliovo a word of it, Rupert ; but thero io ho me in ssymg eo. ' Why P Why don't I boliove it? Firstly, boeauGO I don't tlsiak theso unfortunate wi-eiohea had ploek onough to do even thst. Se condly, the cattlo v/aso all skiifnlly slaughtered, end I beliova huvo besu prepared for tho mar ket ninco. '? In addition, Saady haa got a threatening lot^ei'. I havs hoGvd, ao a motteg of fact, from tho landlord, arid told as rathe? a good j:lie, too, that Sandy's cots wrote vho letter, ' What is tho object of ell this, you will 035? I don't kcoi7, exes pt to still mora punish theaa unfor'.uaateQ that tiro rambling, ragged and stnvviog, around the country, and to havo them tvsBRpoj'.od out of it. ' My own iajpreooion is tbat, diabolical aa the intention ia, Euperfc, it would be the lickiest tbing that could happen these hapless, spiritless crestureQ. Bafcies again if thoy could be all fnkan ont in n chip aud Eeuttlad in mid-ocean. Tftpy wo«ld ba put then out of pain and suffer ing at once. ' I am g?owing hoartily tired of this wretched country, end tho deceit and triokoyy I see around mi, It ssems to ma like — bu5 I won't eay what it's like. ' I shall soil out if I csnaof? ??exchange oa fo- \ seign seivice. . , 1 'If jou aro writing home, Eupert, don't men- ' 4 tion jonr accident or your, present location. Better, perhapp, not write at all for some time. ' I^fihall rido on to 'cee you the moment I eet back.' \--..#?-.* ? # . # ? ?? ^ Eapert had received the letter, cf ^hTch this | is en extraef,5oBo morning after breakfast, and *'\ read it on the varandah of tf e bouaa. 1 It awoke some carious reflections within him, - and recalliid to his mind a^ool deal of wbaV s Joe. tho coachman, had beon telling him tho ': day 0? the'r diiva. ; \- A? hs laid the letior on bis knees, and threw ? his eyes on the ftrfcile plains that ley before bim, i sad lot them rest .on tho Shannon, that, in the j morning's dud, lay like a bright ribbon of goli \ ia the distance, he could not help ssyiag to him- .? sslf— , ? . ?..'..- . - . ; y '1 ' Well, 'this beautiful land deserves a batter ! i and braver raos who would defend i's' poaseB- ^ 6ion^. -; It's 0 beautiful land. Beautifnl .!' .. -' 'I'm nearly glsd the colonel is a'Way,' was ' ?Eopei.t's noxt. reflection. 'I shooli have to go. with hira to barrseka if he wero at home. . : I carfainly hops be will remain away for some ? time.' ; \- (Probably thane reflections wero heightened sa , \ ha saw Miss Hargrava in the gardens beneeth f ' him, busily engaged in taking off the withred' i -. leaves f torn the flowers. Her bright face looked ??';:: up fo him'where he sat with e pleasant' emile, ' ' and folding np the letter, odd placing it in his' : pocket, he left the verandah and descended tha \ stops of the gsrden. Tha bright glory and warmth of the aorning son falling on the frsshly-cpened petals oi the flowers evoked their richest perfumes, snd the air was laden with the fresh scents— sensuous , and voluptriom in their very exqerisiteness— aa 1. he entered it. A sense of delicious fading— pajtly begotten | of the returning health that sent hia blood in a j ? rushing current tbrcugh his veins, of the b:ight i freghnesa of tha summer moaning, end the ' dreamy languor of the parfumed atmosphere pervaded him. He wss neve? before eo disposed to Teal pleessd with everything. Hio hoai't opened itself to tha bright inflaenoss B?onnd Mro, and as he looked on the handoomo face, bright with i' exercise, and wreathed with nrailes o2 v/elcome, he was dispssad to thook Provideuco for tho ; accident that hBd throwa hia liues into such pleasant places ; and Colonol Moctfort ion hav ing ho eonveniantly kept away. 'You arc early at work, Mies Hoi'gvave,' said Eupert, as ho took his soai; besida the sose basb. she was trimming. ''?.' ISo ', Father late this morning,' said the yoang lady. ' I ehoald have qU this Ewk don© gn hoar ego,' ' I sas glad thst you ore bo late, Miss Ear- ? r gsava,/ said Eapest pleasantly, ?? on this ocoa- ; sioa.' ; 'WhyP' I 'Bscaaso it gives me the pleasure of aiding : yon.' I 'Aro you skilled in gardening?' | 1' Well, I oennot say that it oconpies very I much of my attention ; bat I'm & qaiok learner. = I shall learn very eobn.' ? ' A diligent learner should be up earlier, ; Mr. Clarendon. No one eve? learned hia bnsi- [ ness yet by commecing his work at 10 o'clock.' I 'Well, that was not my fault, Miss Har« j grave,' said Eapert gaily. I ' Whose eleo ?' stid the joung lady, rs sbe \ pressed ths tuft of faded leaves into her tiny j left hand with the fiDgera of her sight. ?.,.-., \ ' I don't know. Not mine exactly.' i 'Why not P' ?' ! -; Bat I did not know that I was expected to lease.' ..: 'Nor are you. 'I thought yon had promised to take me andev your tuition a moment since.' 'No; you suggested it.' 'And you aooeptod the suggestion, I thought.' ' No. I rathez declined it, and gave my rea* 80C8 f- B it.' 'Thrse roasons ara untenable, Miss Haf* grave. I shall show myself a most industrious apprentice.' ' I fosi? we should want another Hogarth to draw our idle approntioa. How loag would you bind youreelfp' ' For life—if yoa likd,' said Eopeit, with & moaning glance. ?' Oh, no,' said the young lady with a merry laugh-, ' you should havo you? buaineoB learned long b'fore that.' ' How long dosa it take to laaraP' ' It all depends upon intelligence and industry and observation.' 'I was always particularly good at oboorva tion,' said Eaport ; ; 'very. I could spend the whole day obsssvicg Eometimet — snd do noshing olse.' 'Thot is carrying observation a littlo farther than ia necessary or useful, I think,' oaidtha yonng lady, laughing, 'It should bs oombioed with the other.' {To he continued.) A. M. Hamilton, Warlnvorth, writes: 'For weeks I was troubled with a swelled ankle, which caused me much pain and annoyance. Mr. Maybee, of this place; recommended the Canadian Healing Oil for it. , I tried it, : and:before one bottle was used I was cured, It is an article of great value,'' ' ' ' ... ?! 