THE PARLIAMENT. WEDNESDAY'S BUSINESS. The Select Committee appointed by the Legislative Uounoil to eee if a eolation of the unemployed problem oan be found meet re gularly every week. They were tappoted to present tnccr report on vreanesasj, mil in* - Chairman (Hon. F. Basedow) fa** obtained * month '* extension of time. The Hon. E. Ward spoke d iffnsely in theGoun oil on Wednesday afternoon in moving in favour ' of the adoption of » wealth tax. It might be said that he divided his speech into tbre» parts. First, be eiBayed to prove that th* ' existing method of taxation is inequitable; - second, that Mr. Rusttll is not possessed of a high degree of intelligence; and third, that * wealth tax should be imposed. For an hons and a half he rolled out his rhetorioal thunder, wbiob, loud though it was, did not keep awake-' all the members of tbe party to wbiob Mr. Ward belongs, although the members of the Labour party remained very much awake, and an* noyed the speaker with their constant inter* ruptions. The Hon. W. Russell was so moved that he was impelled to rise and oppose a wealth tax, after whioh the debate was ad* journed to October 10, when tbe Hon. U. M. Charleston will present the obveraeside of Mr. Ward's pioture. The President of the LegialstiveOonnoilgave another most important ruling on Wednesday. Last week the seoond reading of- the Council Franchise Extension Bill was put and nega tived, but the Hon. A. A. Kirkpatnck - was anxious to rescind that motion and have tbe seoond reading put again. Th* Hon. E. Ward questioned whether be oonld do so. The President, who bad bad private notice of the question, gavs an elaborate • rnling, whioh will be printed and taken into consideration next Wednesday. Tbe Legislative Oonnoil approved of the proposal* of the Government to por obase land at Booyoolie and Mitoham for division into working men's blooks. Th* amendment of the Hon. W. Russell to limit tbe prioe for the Booyoolie section to £4 per acre was negatived by a substantial majority, Tbe Hon. J. J. Dunoan, in referring to the Mitoham land, struck a new note when be objeoted to these blocks near the city on th* ground that they tended towards objection* able centralization. On tbe Assembly meeting the Premier had - a little surprise for Mr. Grainger, giving - •notioe of a Probate Amendment Bill. Mr. - I "Grainger returned the compliment with in* terest, discovering to tbe astonishment of the Ministry and tbe annoyance of the Premier that it ib necessary for a notice of motion by a Minister to be seconded, as in tbe oaseof a private member. Tbe Standing Order had been honoured in the breach for years. Tbe Moral Philosopher of the Labour party, Mr. Wood, was cheered as he rose at quarter past 2 to move for the abolition of oapital punishment. He did not say, like the French satirist," Let the assassins begin." The quality of Mr. Wood's mercy towards murderers if not strained was variegated. Fortified by modest tomes, Mr. Justice Bundey's pamphlet, and the Holy Soriptures, be built up a speech of abreds and patobes, opening with a profound argument to show that excessive punishment ' defeated the objeot. From the disorder prevailing in the House, every member being in earnest conversation with bis neighbonr, the punishment did not fit the crime, for the objeot of publio speaking to preserve qtuet in Parliament was defeated. Though disowning sentiment, the modern Moses forgot ths judicial meekness due to bis offioe, and assaulted tbe law for murdering murderers, picturing the executioner and Sheriff livid and trembling in every limb while enacting tbe tragedy. His humanitarianiara would not grant a puor wretch a stimulant to enable him to take his punishment manfully. While he abiorred oapital punishment as revengefnl, he argued that-the life sentenoe was a better deterrent because a severer infliction. "Would you abolish both?" aoutely asked the Attorney General. With muob feeling Mr. Wood pointed out that human nature was frail and circum stance oompelled crime. Moses committed murder. (Tbe Premier—" Justifiable homi cide.") Mr. Wood said Moses slew 3,000 persona for worshipping the golden calf. How many would be exeouted if that offenne received like punishment to-day ? Mr. Handy side, who was growing tired of the sermon, enquired — "But you don't believe all tbat, do you?" Mr. Wood said the commandment was "Thou ahalb not kill." Mr. Burgoyne—"An eye for an eye and * tooth for a tooth." Mr. Wood—"That's not in tbe oommandment." Mr. Ash—"*No; it was put in the sohedule." Mr. Wood pro ceeded with a digest of Mosaio law on the death penalty, with annotations by Mr. Justice Bundey, contrasting it with the Near ' Dispensation of meroy to all. In the mean time many members had calls to ths Smoking room ; of the others not two listened. Less than ball a dozen strangers were attraoted to the ousbions under tbe olook. Tbe discourse' wbiob included a protest against a mas leav ing his wife and ohildren at home to go abroad and fight in adjective war, continued till twenty minutes past 3. ' The Admirable Orichton said the Judge invariably added a pious wish in passing the ' awful sentence, and received a lesaon in Eng lish. Mr. Ash—"Notalwavs." Mr. Wood— "Ieaid invariably." Mr. Ash—"Isn't tbat the same?" Mr. Wood to the Attorney- General— •' Is it the same ?" Tbe Premier—" Approxi mately." Mr. Wood was grateful for tbe information. He objeoted to low orinnnals being employed to adjust tbe rope. Tbe Premier—'^The position is not coveted by tbe elite." Mr. Solomon (mischievously)—"It depends who is to be strong up," Mr. Wood said no further argument was needed against oapital punishment than that the Melbonrns hangman suicided rather than exeoute Mrs. Koorr. (Bosh.) Even tbe strong- minded Premier was moved when tbe life of Brown was pleaded for. Tbe labour of mnrderen could be profitably utilized. Mr. Ash—A week or two ago yon were complaining of ths competition of prrnon labour. As an anti climax Mr. Short moved as au amendment to make the motion read— Tbat all punishment be abolished now and here after. Mr. Moale on a point of order asked if th* House bad anything to do witb tbe hereafter. The Speaker took tbe amendment jooularly. (Hon-J. H. Howe—"We will all vote for ib though.") We have nothing to do witb the hereafter. ("Wish we hadn't.") Several members wished to snuff out the motion straightway, but Mr. Caldwell secured th* adjournment till Ootober 31, The Philosopher of tbe Common Plaoe ana Parliamentary Poet, Mr. Caldwell, took np a subject of praotioal figures,-the appointment of a Finanoe Committee. He did not start his history earlier than the memorable triumvirate—Messrs. Homburg, Johnson-and Furner—whose appointment to revise Esti mates showed tbe neoessity for improved methods, and be drew bis onief support from Mr. Gladstone, wbe regarded a Committee of Publio Accounts as giving completeness to the system of Parliamentary oontrol over Parliamentary money, beoause Parliament 603 wm not mi administrative body. It m to | bean honorary appointment. He would not be able to join it, bat seven other qualified j membersoould"bo found. "Not so qualified j na yon," sneered Mr. Archibald, oblivious oi bia own weakness ifor playing Sir Oracle. At ten ininutee to 4 Mr. Homburg seoured the Adjournment of the debate till October 8. "Dandy Willie, the wee baby of the House, six feet high in his stockings and muoh Admired by the fair," asked the House for an expensive new toy—a polling- place in the Territory in a locality which after much diffi culty had been fixed. The Premier said there were three resident adults. " Black or whitef" Asked Mr. White, and Mr. Brooker irreve- 1 rently replied "Piebald." Pending the Elec toral Bill the debate was adjourned till j October 31, Mr. Solomon protesting. In an extremely apologetio speech Mr. Ooneybeer took half an hour to aek for a Se'.eot Committee at to the Preiss's patent railway joint, whioh he claimed meant longer life to a line. The Engineer-in-Ohief had a bias against it. Mr. Burgoyne judicially sup ported. At 4.40 Mr. Butler moved the ad journment of the debate; negatived by 30 to ) 14\. Mr. Laudsasr wished to enoonrage South Australian inventive genius. Mr, McPherson extended the socpe of the enquiry to R. A White's or any other invention for the same purpose. After Mr. MoDonald had spoken i the Commissioner of Publio Works adjourned | the debate for a fortnight. At 4.35 began the battle of the tariff, whioh lasted till late at night. Mr. Riddooh was wiooeasful in referring to Committee the duties on freezing machinery. Mr. Ash's free break fast table was divided upon as follows:— Abolition of duty on tea, for 1G, against 23, > lost by 7; on sugar, for 16, against 23. lost by 7; on ooooa, coffee, and keroaine, for 16, Against 25, lost by 9. Mr. Ash . had the rare pleasure of leading the | Labour party to the right of the chair. Mr. McPherson supported the proposal to Assimilate the duty on twine to the Victorian j tariff, but praised the looal artiole. Mr. Brooker, who is an unoonsoious mimio of the Premier's mannerism, patroniaingly allowed the motion to go, seeing there was a big ma- J jority for it. The motion was oarried on the ▼oioes. Mr. Bartlett, Mr. White, and Major J Caatine advooated the abolition of the duty on malleable ploughshares. The Treasurer J opposed. The duty, 15 per cent., was not exoeasive. Besides, we oould make A good artiole. Mr. Aah—That shows , the duty is not wanted. Mr. White—' Have you tried it on stiff clay. The Treasurer—It is unfair to the manufacturer to out off the duty without notice. Major Oastine—Oh, that's good, after three years' notioe. Mr. Freetrader Short aaid the Trea- { surer did not know anything about it. One imported share was equal to three local shares. The duty meant 5d. per share. The Hon. J. H. Howe noted that the total amount of duty received from shares was £217. The Govern ment Whip added to Mr. Howe's testimony the exoellent oharaeter of the colonial | Article. Mr. Ash moved to strike out | "malleable" share. The Chairman aooepbed the amendment, but the Premier objeoting he ' disallowed it on the ground that the larger J Suestion was not remitted to the Committee, lajor Oaitine—I think you are right, Mr. Chairman. The division gave the farmers a majority of 2, the numbers being 22 and 20. The Treasurer opposed the remission of du%ea on aream separators. The butter I industry was not entitled to a bonus at botb ends. The maohinery was being made I in the oolony. Mr. Bartlett hoped the House would not listen to the Government, as many farmers were only getting 3d. per lb. for butter. Mr. MoDonald stated that creameries I were absolutely necessary, and yet the Go vurntnentdemandad 20 percent, duty. Captain Randall broke silenoe amidst oheers, and remarked that the separators were patents, And oould not be made here. The bonus ex pired this year. Mr. White and Major GasCine supported. The Premier blew the big Government trumpet for the denotation oi farmers. The tremendous effort at tooting resulted in a perfeob "equeak," and Mr. Kingston explained that the Opposition equeak was oatohing. The Premier buttressed up Proteotioa as vigorously as *if it were in danger. Mr. Caldwell— j Protection gone mad. The Premier atruok up i the musio for the deserving artisan. Mr. Archibald eloquently helped the Premier, and j tried to enlighten Major Oastine, but gave up the task, for whioh the gallant member returned febanki. Mr. Caldwell expressed surprise at j the Premier's olaptrap. Victoria. New South Wales, Queensland, and Near Zealand had not imposed a duty. The bonus had stimu- ] lated the industry to overproduction. Mr. Solomon moved an amendment to add the words after "oream separators" "whioh Are protected by p»t«nts and are not per- j minted to be manufactured in the oolony." Mr. Brooker reminded the Premier that ] bis epeeoh was applicable to twine, and talked till 6.20, despite cries against stonewalling. Mr. Griffiths tried to olosure the debate, and | the Labour party oalledfora division, but were defeated by 22 to 21. Mr. Solomon's amend- < meat was earned. At 6.27 Mr. Batohelor I aeoured the floor, and talked the House into a I lata sitting as a protest against alleged gagging. After dinner he apologized for bringing members baok, but it was reported the night before that the Labour party would foroe a lata sitting because the Country party were getting too muoh their own way lately, i In oonsequanoe there was an aorid subflsvour in thedebates. Mr. Johnson intimated that the farmersweraproteotingthemselvesagainBtthose who were trying to plaoe burdens on the land. Mr. Blaoker stated that the Labour members would have to go out farming shortly, and as thsy would want creameries in their interest they should abolish the. duty. Mr. Price and Mr. Griffiths, and Mr. MoPheraou and Mr. Johnson, exohanged Biokwiokian oompliments. At half- past 8 tbe-Government waa defeated by 24 to 17. Mr. Solomon moved for the abolition of duty, on suoh portions of mining maohinery And goidaaving appliances whioh are pro tected by patent and are not permitted to be mannfaotured here. The Treasurer piteously protested against leaps in the dark. They were eating into the revenue and open ing the tariff. Mr. Grainger oould not let the opportunity pass without showing how tbe Government were suffering from ghosts. The Treasurer had promised not to reopen the tariff. The Premier interfered with the Ishmaelite, and learnt that be had no more pluok than a fowl. Mr. Johnson and Mr. Grainger provided a little oomedy in an effort to improve the text of tbe resolution. Mr. Grainger said Mr. Johnson's oold had gone to his head, and Mr. Johnson retorted that the buffoon must have his way. How mining experts love one another 1 At 9 o'clock the Government defeatedthemotion by 19 to 18. Mr. Moule tried to abolish the 30s. per ton duty on corrugated iron, whioh, it is alleged, is imposed to employ two men and a boy, and Mr. Archibald opposed. After the last division Mr. Grainger said the best thing to do when the Bill was brought down to kuook the whole thing out. Mr. 604 Butler having seoured the twine concession forgot hie friends. After an hour's disouaaion the motion was negatived by 31 to 6. At 10 o'oIooIe Mr. Hiddooh urged the remis sion of dntiei on freezing machinery in order to atart the export-meat trade. That fair Op positionist, Mr. Homburg, considered that the Government had done enough for the industry, and voioed an altered tendenoy, namely, to undo all the tariff tinkering. Soufch-Eeetern members supported the oonoeeiion. An ano maly was pointed out by Mr. PoyntoD, who remarked that an inferior freezing maohine was admitted free but the superior article oharged about £600 duty. Mr. Riddooh would not aooept an amendment to exempt patented parte of maohiuery. The Treasurer oppoBed the propoeal, ess the Government had been sufficiently liberal. At twenty minutes to kl Mr. Homburg and Mr. Grainger asked for an adjournment, whioh the Government refused. Mr. fiiddoob, who wanted _ a fuller House, moved — "That the Chair man report progress." Negatived by 21 to 12. Farther discussion followed. Mr. Riddooh moved his motion again at 11.8 p.m., and carried it by 22 to 12, the Labour party voting in the majority against the Go vernment. The debate was adjourned till October 3. 