FOOTBALL FLASHES. (Br "-Qoilp.") H. P. Abbott, oaptnin of tho champion club, and also the finest footballer in the colony, will not play against Queensland this season. He is a Bananalander by birtb, and does not relish the idea of helping to lowor tho colors of bis bid chums. Harry Wood, the old full-back of tbo 'Varsity, makes a very fair half-back. Alfred Halo must bo very fond of it when bo can bring himself round to taokling foot ball after spoiling for a year or two. " Halo " ran like a raooliorso on Saturday, that full, bright forehead of bis making him easily dis tinguishable. Fitzpatriok, the man who wears the oar- flaps among the University forwards, is a vory fnir dribblor— not, however, as good aB Dr. Mick Veecb. King and Nelson must have studied Abbott's style of runniug, and studied it carefully, too. Sovcral times tbosu spectators who did not know tho players well mistook tho boy tor the mau — King for Abbott — at the Parramatta match. Lou Yoecli is a trifle too enmbcrsomo about the region of tho bolly. He'll have to take a few pounds of that dead weight off if he. wishes to do himself justice. They say that the Uui. forwards are woalr, but if you compare them with U1030 of most of tho other teams you cannot Buy they aro too weak. Harris Woods, tho .Wallaroo full-baok, touched the'bull about four times on Saturday. He must have got a chill waiting for the clianco that never camo. When Wallaroo moot 'Varsity, Randwick, and Pirate, tho gentle tapper front Manly will not have such a quiet time. Nulla Roberts played a pretty good gamo on Saturday for the Wallaroos, showing bettor form than " Watson" and Macuamara. "Watson" has a patornal relative who dobs not liko football ; hence the hiding of tho young man's light under a broad hat aud a pseudonym. Didu't lion, secretary Rand play a sprightly game at. half for the Wallaroos? 1'hoy say he's got his weather eyu ou the N.Z. trip. I don't blauto him for it. Paddy Lane, as usual, got a try on Satur day. Strikes ino the Bcrum forwards in the Wallaroos are trying to get as many points . as the speedy Paddy, as judging by their play against Paddington . you would never think that they had a back division. Arthur Scott, the sturdy Wallaroo forward, looked as mad as a hatter once or twice on Saturday, but when ho got the try you'd think butter would not melt in his mouth. Ho was overflowing with the milk of human kindness for a few minutes afterwards. ' Chunk Bowman and H&nna; hod a smack at eaoh other iu the scrum. Hanua patted Chunk in a far from geutle way with his fist, aud the old King's Scliool boy reciprocated the kindly intention and feeling aot by strok ing his adversary on the oheok. George Mooro, of the Wallaroos, is a jolly nice fellow ; but when playing' football he has a temper that is easily rufllod. It's a. pity, ' because tho spectators aro apt to erroneously sum up one who plays roughly as a bit of a brute. Ando tackled Tom Alcock on Saturday, but ' the feather-weight could not hold his old com panion as ho did Abbott one day. Poor Ando camo down with a thud ; but he is as hard -as nails, and did not get hurt. Jimmy Chambors, the short man' with the elephantine legs, who plays for Paddington, is a tough nut to knock down. Ho does not, however, believe in doing much real Borum work, and is rather inclined to loaf, Wal. Gregory and Huglioy Parker, the two best Paddington three-quarters, are small, though very good footballers. They are a bit too light to take ou Strong, Alcock, and the other giants of the Wallaroos, who are by no. means gontlo lambs whoa their blood gets boated. Happy Eyro ought to know better than to . appear on 'on tho football fiold minus boots and stookings. Ono would expect a good- looking follow such as the modest 'Appy to have a little pride about him, but apparently . appearances are deceptive. Jack M'Gratli, tbo long Wentworth for ward, now playing with the Globe, must . be getting old. He does not work as hard as lie used to in the forwards ; not that he oror did mueh there at any time. ' . Jim Crowoll was evidently not at homo at half-back against the Glebo. He is, however, a good mau in tho forwards, wliero lio will shine in future. Jiin M'Mabon, sinoe taking W. T. Maopher- ' son's place as captaiu of the Randwioks, has shown a good deal of paeo. Perhaps Biliy ' Mao. gave tho brawny full-baok a fow wrinklos ' in tho art of getting over tho ground quiokly prior to leaving for Yankeelaud. Jack Fraser was a spectator at the Agricul tural Ground 011 Saturday. One of the Parra matta team was hoard to remark that " they chucked Jumbo out"; which is such a flag rant untruth that it is a wondor tho player in question was not chokod in giviDg voice to tho uttorauco. Tannor, tho old Globe contro forward, and Tom Duggau, tho tricky throe-quartor back, will sliino in the Randwipk colors to-day. They both watched the Glebe getting a drub bing last 'week. 0\. Evans, the Glebo three-quarter, is a son of Ted Evans, tho orstwliilo champion all- round aricketar of Australia, and ssoms to be ft worthy son of a worthy sire. Dooloy, tho Carlton full-baok, is a bit of a donion in tlio position. Ho is as strong as a ball, tackles flnoly, is fast, and kicks well. One of tho best fall-backs in Sydney. If somo of tho Petes bump against him suddenly, thoy will kiss mother-earth abruptly. Tho most downcast man at tho Agricultural Ground on Saturday at tho end of tlio day's play was Loo Abrams, of tho Glebe. Tho poor follow was terribly out up, more so than when ho played fnll-back for the Never Existed when they wore la3t beaten many yeare ago. Tuff Parish gave Glsbe Wynne a nasty spill on Saturday, and tbo kind-hearted Rand wick three-quarter turned round and said ho was " awfully sorry." Tho Surrey and Second Pirato aro down to play at the Association Gronnd at 2 p.m. to-day. It ought to be a good game, aud Surrey ought to come out on top. t f Uo it, Cobby ! Go it, olo man ! Ah, darn it." Tbeso were the words of one of the on- . lookers when Tom Cobcroft made a good run for the Glebe, and wound up by running into touok when the bold J. M'Mahon confronted him. Cobby is ratlior a good-looking boy, aud it would never do for hint to get sproa'd-eaglod. Tlio Uitivorsity follows play football as it was always intended to bo played. Thoy are thoroughly unselfish ; their little' passing boiug a worthy object lesson to all sorts of footballers, llow vory few timos do you suo one of theui collared without gotting his pas3 iu ? Ilow often do you soo a Wallaroo man bang on when collared, no matter liow many of his companions may be waitii'ig with out stretched arms for the ball that never comes ? Throe footballors met at ICiug-street on Monday after the battles of Saturday to liavo- a confab, and todilate upon what might have been, if something else had not happened. Paddingtonian : " Those Wallaroos are a rough lot; they'll get laid oat somo of theso days." Gleboite : " Yes; damned rough, aren't thoy. Raudwick not so bad j uice lot of fellows to play against." Parramatta rop. : "The Uni's play a very gentlemanly game ; they'll pitch you down as if you were a lump of. dough, upsot your' stomach, and make you soo stats. Thou thoy'll turn round mid say, 'am awfully sorry, old man ; hope you'ro not hurif.' That takes all the sting out of the fall." Paddingtouian : " All, well ! Thank God we haven't got to meot the Wallaroos again — unless we get into the semi-fiual." Gleboito : " No ohauoe of that." Jumbo Eraser's brother is a vory hard tackier, and a good all-round player. Old M'Clatohio is still on tbo ball. Good old warrior. Who was the individual with the oast iron throat aud steel tongue that shouted " go it, Chunk ! go it, Chauk 1" from a neat littlo trap, With a oouple of fair girls seated beside him? Don't know him; bat would adviso- himtomake I6ss row 111 faturo, othorwise a few ohunks of blue motal might put an end to liis misory. Tho Ragby Union peoplo bad batter koop outsiders away from the Press table nt tho Agricultural Ground, otherwise pressmen may have to keep away themselves. The barber's pole colors were not very prominent on Saturday. They were flashed ' about before tbo game started, aad during, the first balf tbey seoined to inoreaso among the spectators. At tho end, however, there was not ono to bo seen. The Scotchmen woro indignant at Governor Duff turning up after their straggle against England had endod. Thank goodness thoro were no Alexander Kothel's among-tho High landers, othorwise throe cheers might hare boon given " iu silence." Percy Macuamara did not shine liko a meteor at centro threo-quartor for Wallaroo. Mac. will have to make his own game thoro, for the halves won't give him the ghost of a olianoo. In the Wallaroo it is each man Tor himself. A Raudwick girl was shown theapostloof Electoral football on Saturday. With oagoc expeotanoy sho looked for a fiito athletic- looking follow, with okorry cheeks and golden moustaolie. After a little whilo the Glebo alderman oame close enough to be oasily soou. Then this fair Aniazou remarked : " Oh ! The insignificant littlo fellow. I don't believe in your Electoral Jootball." Showed her bad tasto, as L.G.A. has rather a (listinguishod appearance. This is only what I've been told, you know; I don't know whether it's truo. Tho same young oroatnre was shown that , most central figure in football, Monty Arnold. " Ah 1 Isn't he a flue fellosv P I am euro he's very nice." And so say all of as. Ho is. vory nice, whon you know him'. Tho Arfomas had no less than fivo Darling- hurst Harriers playing with them on Satnrday last against the Wallaringas, .viz., Peter O'Dounoll, P. M'William, A. M'Williatp, E. P. Todhunter, and L. E. Jones. J. Ruth von, anothor D.H., was playing half for the opposi tion, and a professional ped,in M'Kuight, was also to bo seen in a green guernsey. 