NOTES BY "THE HATTER" Six weeks ago '-The Dryblo'.vciiy' "The Hatter.'" and -'The Fossicker 7 ' broke up camp and went divers ways iu search of adventure;. Well, " The Hatter 77 has been the first to return to his old haunts to find " Dryblower" out at the I.O.U. and that awful little wretch, ' The Fossicker,' 7 still on the burst in Coolgardie. The old claim has been jumped, and the country has been pegged out for miles around her ; indeed, it 16 quite refreshing to notice the favor with which many new chum prospectors regard the hungry-looking quartz blows which we pronounced as duffers so many months ajro. I would, indeed, hare spent a few more weeks on her but for the scandalous way in which my mates loafed, and made me do all the graft—while Dryblower " composed rerse to his fair lady's eyebrow, and Fossicker"' laid beneath a salmon gum. and smoked and cursed the Parliament. They were not bad sorts for all that. * * * There is no truth whatever iu the rumor that Li Hung Ohung or the Chinese Emperor have been seen drvblowing out at Hannan'a. Firstly, a Chinese bamboo dryblower would not stand the ghost of a show here, as the W.A. Parliament would tax the stuffing out of it, and secondly, any Government person who would issue miners' rights to lop-eared and pig-tailed celestials, with hooked nails, would get six hours in which to leare the field. * * * The few blacks, principally gins and piccanninnies, who have always been allowed in the town, at first so harmless and inoffen- sive, are gradually beginning to make them- selves obnoxious. Only yesterday a number of them were found robbing a hen-roost in broad daylight. The gins waited outside the fowl-house, and sent the youngsters to squeeze in between the poles and secure the game. They were detected in the very act. and made off quickly. The fowls in that particular roost for a fortnight or so had been getting beautifully fewer daily, and the cause had been attributed to stray dogs, of which, by the way, a large number have found their way on to the field. * * * :Tis truly wonderful how self-important some people feel upon meeting with a little prosperity for the first time—how utterly oblivious thev get to the feelings of others less favored than themselves. Individuals of this species are so apt to forget those out of whose kindness and patronage they made their first few pounds, and become so puffed out with their own pomp and magnificence that they gradually murder the business they have built up, and finally kill themselves with their ewn importance. Men of this kind should stick their fingers into a billy of water, and, after pulling them out, take note '~ot~fHe~iniinense hole left in the water. Then it might dawn faintly upon them how much their presence would b* missed if they left Coolgardie altogether. * * * Before Coolgardie becomes many months older, the fact that our 10ft right-of-ways between the blocks of land are too narrow will manifest itself to all. Why not have these widened now ? If 5ft were taken off each block it would not only make the rightof-way 20ft wide for traffic, but would provide at the same time a most necessary protection in case of a fire breaking oat. There is little deubt that if the Government was asked to widen the. lanes now, and compensate owners at cost price the matter could be fixed up without much difficulty, whereas in the future it would have to be done just the same, and the inconvenience and expense would be enormous to all concerned. * With regard to the water question, a scheme for providing an adequate supply of \- salt liquor fo? the batteries and condensers seems to be more practical than the idea of bringing fresh water all the way from the Swan. We need not even go as far as Lake Lefroy for our salt supply, for, if report is "correct, an immense quantity of salt water has been struck within a dozen miles of the town. At the same time, Martin Walsh's ... J:\cJi water shaft is worth watching. Martin struck fresh water in small quantities a few days ago, and it is daily increasing as he goes down. The chances are that a. good supply of fresh water will be met with there before very long. * * While the most lively and energetic Parliament in Australia is taxing canned meat and music, in the hope of some of its concertina or jewsharp musicianB becoming composers of the real W.A- stingo, it is allowing mangv camels to come into the country from all sides, which not only present themselves to us as objects of the most abject misery, but contaminate every sound beast with which they come into contact, and mange is rapidly spread tng in consequence. Why, in the name of all that is proper imported Camels are not quarantined until sound no ordhrary beings can imagine, for a good quarantine «houl d K oth be XL-protection and a Bource of revenue. 