oWI DIARY. By " Malvolio." The week's sport opened At Mentone. The Flying Handicap was won by Plain Bill in great style, who Faced away from the others once they got into the straight. Trio was made the hottest oihot goods for the Welter Handicap, tipt failed to get a place, Often, who started at 5 to 1, being followed home by Halifax and Trida. Willyama evidently has & predileotion for hurdleracerB and steeplechasers' fiat races. At Aspendale he won easily, a performance he repeated on Tuesday by making haoka of a good field. The notioeahle feature of this race was the bad performance of Goldreef under 10st 12lb. He had shown his party work good enough to win an . Australian Cup. Eyferyone will' remember, .too, how Mr. Miller piled mouey'oaliimior.the Caul field Grand 'National Hurdle. Bat Jus jrablio performances have been con sistently disappointing. Cp. Tuesday, It fe'true; lie met with a mishap fry striking a post, but even before thaf%e utterly i refused to gallop. I must decline any' further support to Goldreef. Two of Mr. Miller's casts off in Brown Bess and Proverb filled the places in the Imperial Handicap. After which All Talk won the Steeple chase from Little CounteBB, who gained universal admiration for her cat-like jumping and game running. \- Odds were laid on dgyptus for the Selling Race, though the way Yarmon came down the straight must have made the plucky punters uneaBy. And ASgyptuB only won by a short head after all. Brilliant won the Mentone Handicap after a great finish with Tridentate and Tarafcoki, and Mazetta was first in the Trot. A short-weight protest against the winner was considered by the stewards of the Trotting Association yesterday, and dis missed. At Moonee Valley, The Bradshaw benefit meeting was only fairly attended, and the prooeeds, after expenseslare paid, will not be nearly as large as people would have liked to see them. In the Two-year-old Handicap Gale proved himself a flier, not even The Error being able to get near him at any point of the race. Clypton just as easily won the Selling Hurdles, as did Tyrconnell the Welter Handicap in a field of fifteen, though PhQson and Plain Bill were ooming fast at the finish. Though there were only three in the Steeplechase, punters failed to pick it in twice. Leo was made an odds-on favorite, bnt spoilt his chance by hitting the jump at the bottom of tbe hill very hard. He came again at the last obstacle, but hadn't enough left in him to stall off Toolamba, who started at 10 to 1. Tbe winner only cost £12 10s a little while ago. Punters laid odds on Fusee for the Selling Race; but the winner turned up in Brocky. The Bradshaw Handicap furnished a capital finish between Voatress and ASgyptus, the latter getting on terms at tbe bend and winning by half a length. A regretable incident oocurrad after the jockeys ha£ weighed in. Daring the noe . Mr -Jamesr : Wilson,, jam, Ahe owner of Toatrtas, considered that Tom Sandert, oh Egyjtfufl, had so interfered with the mare as to prevent her from winning. Presently Sanders emerged in an ex cited state from the jockeys' room with the charge that Mr. Wilson had knocked him down. Tbe stewards at once inves. tigafed the oase, with the result that Mr. Wilson was fined £50. At Caulfield. Tbe weather was perfect for Cup Day, and this, coupled with tbe numerous other attractions provided by the V.A.T.C. committee, of whom Mr. Harrie Smith is the capable secretary, drew a large assemblage, including Lord and Lady Hopetonn and Buite. Tbe Maiden Plate placed punters on the best of termB with themselves. It is not often the majority of backers care to lay odds on. Sharp experience has taught them the unwisdom of doing so. But Malachite looked such a really good thing— the more so with the Oob- bitty line to go by — that even the small punters supported him, firBt at even money, then 6 to 4 on, and finally 2 to 1 on. « The only one that lookea to have a ghost of a chance was Dryden, and he was backed at 7 to 1 " for a saver." In the race, when, crossing the tan, Malachite was slightly interfered with and Dryden ran up a bit, the " saver " looked like winning. But Malachite soon got into his stride again, and then it was all over but the paying out. Malachite, who is a foil brother to Carlyon, is by Chester from Moonstone, and is tbe property of Mrs. H. C. White, from whom he is leased by Mr. C. M. Lloyd. His principal engagements are— The ensuing Derby, Melbourne Cup, in which he oarries 66t 121b; Y.R.C. St. Leger. Champion Stakes, and A.J.C. St. Leger. , jfn the Nursery Handicap, Wallace J on the strength of being Abetter than Challenger, -was .made a hot' favb- rite, 2 to 1 being taken about his chance) in a field of 20. The start ' proved to be a perfect triumph for Messrs. Johnstone and Glee- son's starting machine. With a promptitude that was abso lutely refreshing after the vexatious, ay, injurious, delay and breaks away in the Debutant Stakes on Guineas Day, the youngsters were sent off in a line like the front rank of a cavalry charge. 11 Capital I" exclaimed the spectators, as the youngsters raced along, with the favorite well np. Bounding the turn Gale went to front, with Blue Cap in hot pursuit. Down the straight the latter improved his position every stride, and succeeded, in making a dead heat of it. ( Wallace, who has yet to prove himself master of Challenger— a matter I take leave to doubt — was fourth, while Hera, Mr. Miller's -other representative, was not far away, despite her 8st 121b. The owners divided. Mr. Miller, who bought Gale for fifty guineas, frpm. Sir. Thomas Elder's stud, has a high opinion of the colt over four furlongs. He is by Nautilus (imp.) from Cyclone, by Gang Forward from Ty phoon, and' is engaged in the Maribyr nong Plate. Blue Cap, who is by Abercorn from Bine and White, and was bred by Mrs. James White, cOBt 165 guineas as a yearling. He, too, is in the Maribyrnong Plate. Little time was left to look over the Cup horses in the paddock. The first rush was, of oourse, to eee Lady Trenton, who had travelled so rapidly in the betting as to rule first favorite at 6 to 1. Mr. Mayo's brown mare looked well enough, though here and there a good judge held her, to be a bit too fine to last out a clinking hot mile and a half under 8st 81b. Tarauaki erred on the other side, just as Tradition, whom Mr. West ialso owned, was thought to do. Yet Tradition ran second in two cups, as I had costly cause to remember. Fortunatus and Tim Swiveller com manded a lot of attention, and regret was expressed that Sanders was not np on the first- named, the reason given being that Friday's fracas had some what injured his Bight. Presently Paris came by with such a strong, game look as to cause people who, on the strength of his Stakes running, had let him alone, to hurry away to get a pound or two on at the last moment. Elswick was fit enough to justify Alec Taylor's opinion that if he would only "put his best leg forward" he would make it hot for the others ; but Capstan had no favor. Kronborg went out closely scanned, while Devon's cocky appearance made folks wonder whether his party had not made a mistake in backing Foxtail to his exclusion. The delays on the mark, the fraotious breaks away, and the kickings, of which Tim Swiveller had a painful experience, made folks long for the start ing machine. In marked oontrast was the conduct of Paris, who stood calmly and quietly awaiting orders. He waBted none of his strength in " little playings up." When they did at last get away Elswiok took them along at a rare bat. Bight round to the baok'he held com mand, thombst noticeable of the others being Kronborg. At tbe railway side Havoc's rider was already at him in his efforts to keep his place. Here Miraculeux was well up, with Brilliant, Lady Trenton, and Bruin iu close attendance. Paris all this time had been blocked in in tbe ruck. Coming to the turn Bruin made a rush to the front, and the race looked all over. But at tbe distance he had shot his bolt, and was having a close race from Devon, Theodore, Tim Swiveller, and Paris. The last named bad worked his way through gallantly, and his scarlet jacket and white cross were fl&Bhing; promi nently in the sun. Down the straight Devon rushed, and it looked as if he must win. But he had a little demon at his heels, who caught him stride for stride, and ultimately beat him by half a head. Of the others, the most noticeable was Tim Swiveller, who came strongly on the outside. A great cheer went up when Paris re turned to the stewards' enclosure, show ing that Mrs. White's win was a popular one. Paris was a bad horse for the ring— his worst Mr. Oxenham assured me. Paris, who is by Grandmaster from (Enone, by Yattendon, and was bred by Mr. H. C. White at Havilah, is engaged in the Melbourne Cnp at 9at 121b, Mr. Dakin giving him an extra 71b for his win. Paris is the only horse who has won a Caulfield Cup twice, and each time carry ing 8st 81b and 9st 41b respectively. C. Parker, on Lady Trenton, and H. Thomson, on Leyland, were suspended for a fortnight for disobedience at the ' post. = Louis confirmed, the gobd bjunibn 1 had forced pi him, by .again winning 'the Bteejfieobabei this time under Hat £U>, and oVer two mileB and a half. - Then RJzpah easily won the Selling Race from Chopstick, and was bought in for £100. .In a large field Walwa was thought good enough to take 4 to 1 about for the Windsor Handicap. But he ran Becond last, the winner turning up in the Sydney mare, Esca- i gade, who beat Upshot by a length and a ; 