A CENSUS OF GHOSTS. It is a curious fact that whenever any severe tests are proposed into the phenomena of spiritualism the phenomena will not, work. The presence of un. believers, as shown ia Sydney the other day, " spoils business," and in Hie same way "phantasms" and ghostly hallncina tions generally hare a strange habit of flying from the trained investigator. The British Psychical Research Society, which for sis years has been en gaged in an attempt to apply to them the canons of induction which are observed in all srifptific enquiries, has not, judging from a recent report in which conclusions are elaborately chronicled, been very Bnooessful in clearing up the mysteries presented in painful abundance for its elucidation. The report, which is signed by (among others) Professor Sidgwick, Sir. F. W. % EL Myers, and Mr. Frank Podmore, is defined by the chairman of the society as "a census of hallucinations," and it embraces the testimony of no fewer than 17,000 "repuUbla pwppna," |? %fcoHi the qmatkat was addressed by circular—•• Have you over, when 'believing yourself to be completely ifvaks, had * vivid impression of seeing w being touched by a living being or |nMi??««fa. object, or of hearing a voice, wilich iiinirimnK* 11! so f?* BB you could wu not doe to any external cause f Oat of 2,272 persons whe Answered " Tea," only 1,684, on render ing paitt" 11*"1 of what they bad seen, heard, or felt, together with information mm—-""g themselves—age, ccx, health, mental condition, and so forth—were able to satisfy tie committee that they bad a "spook." Oat of 1,684 hallucinations "1,120 ware visual, 388 auditory, and only 144 tactile." Of the visual appari tions 460 were seen within the last ten years, 423 when tie observer was awake jn bed or immediately after waking, in •438 when up, and in 201 when out of doom. From 20 to 40 are the years in whkh ghosts are mcst commonly seen, beard, or felt. After sifting the wheat from the chaff the committee find material for establish ing the «rirf*^iriA of at least one species of ghost. "Between deaths and appari tions of the dying person" the com mittee candode "a connection exists which is not due to chance alone." Irre verently described, the theory is pretty mnch as ioQow?:—When the body gives the epirit notice to quit, or at any rate as soon as they permanently separate, die ghost may if it likes pay a few farewell visits before taking up its residence in ghostiand. Aruwwrlin^ to the committee the possibility of this oeeomng has been proved beyond dispute. The sceptic may pot the apparition down to the mere creation of the fancy, but the ffw-J"— axe prepared with an answer. Supposing Brown to have seen the ghost of Jones while Jonas was in perfect fraalHij afid n[lmaij mmmnffw of any baveQiitg about on the part of the more ffhniwsfl portion of bis being; the pre- SBmptson would be cither that Brown's fiver wu wrong, or that he bad been dining extensively, or that be had meounoaab/ been taking forty winks. Bat if Janes lad happened to die at tbe Tory moment at which Brown, bail tike vision, that, to cay the least of it, would be a very remarkable coinci dence. The animal avenge death rate hije<ig!aM*&B;,jroaghly speaking. 19 per tjmneanH. The chance that a person will else mthttstfor* calculated by die com matee to lie 19,000 to L A careful pnming leaves an irreducible minimum of 30 deathbed wraiths, and the committee Iliat tftv* pzoportsosi -is Tyill*^l giualut than the laws of cbanee allow far, "We should expect on the laws of dames to .have to eoDeot 143^600 cases, timtrnail of 350, in order to obtain by d?tat? 90 death coincidences." Appari tM?ofde dead, it would eeem, occur mamb fgwHimiUy at or aoon after die aomeat of death, and become rarer—bat not rwppawhle. — the case of Hiss Dod eondMHra—asttmegoeeby. UksDud acn W8 auwmed at midnight by bearing her name called three tines. On the third caH she rtvngnmaA Ob voice as $bat of her motiier, who bad been dead IS years, and whose apparition then ■ tiSSAs^i in. tisi *? srlnch ■■«■<■ TJarygl in bsdaJEter a promise bad been exacted fntn thja^dangbtsr to tab care of them. 3w* iaajs Jater -3**b? Dodson received news of ti? death of a aister-in4aw, leav ing cam f^uldmi, of whom Miss Dodson iinfaedister/took charge. One of them was an infant, of whose firistwine she was •eem, agtfrfeil Ppaftmeor Sidgwiek that snOlPwaviO JsJJpSEEsI relHftir?O. . 7t?e^?d*ecribeda«"the*tei?«est yie]dcd by tile whole of the witnesses" in pwwCrf the interreplioo of tiw deed in the afiairs of the firing, and the rest of the report is taken np with acconnts of hemhte apparitions," of ft* -_ ~,111, J ■• * n m mmma t M &BGD6CtntiL; foUBB pf Wtt?aSlfly ywrjitJyway • tfc? ghost of • aewir drowned eat. In ffe spatter «f faeanted boons, the cara- Bjjttaefinds «• strong body of «videⅇ •bowing that apparitions are seen in oaxiajn {be*** independently, by sevsnl iTiT*yirnt j, ■mdUw ctrcumstances mlutih toake it f**^?"i*Tt to sappose that the {phenomena u? purely sabjeotive, or tbattbeycaabe explained by telepaa?y" \- {ifc,tibeiHflmpwm< sand «n aood), or, as is■ofcW?tuiui—rfly added, by trickery. Most-cases which came before. &? com mittee, faawwur, would, aot bear investi gation; *t least there was "very little gmemdfar attributing the phenomena to the ageocy of dead persons." But even in the «asea in which the committee apparently believe there are flaws wh|cb prevent «rdinary people, with so bias either way, from shar ing their credulity- As the Standard observes, there is not the slightest ground for doubting the veracity of the "indivi duals who accept the responsibility of telling such extraordinary anecdotes. That tbe/thought they saw the appari tions in question is quite certain," but the eifcet of* d word fired nervous system, an optaosi illusion, dyspepsia, the result of a prolonged mental effort in fthfrifring over the departed, afford easier expla nations than 4he operation of any ocpnjt cause. It is admitted that the ghostly and other supernatural pheno mena cannot be produced, at will, and the question resolves itself into one of experience. We should naturally pay alight regard to the deci sive optmon of any man, however eminent #r learned, on the subject of ghosts, bat* man of established scientific reputation who claimed to have dis covered a mode of foretelling the general character «f next year's weather would at least secure a respectful hearing. The reason is that no one knows all the condi tions under which life may exist, but something is already known about the car rents of the air and the variations of beat andcoH, aiyt .^wy Aiamvarif* nyy ha ex pected to be made about them by the careful observance of well-known phe nomena. This observation applies to the question as to the value to be attached to evidence in favor of improbable occur rences given by men of *^>n^fif? habits of mind with some notion of the bearings of evidence. But what can be said of the affirmations of excitable or morbidly neurotic people who take to the subject because they want to discover ghost?, and who praoftire on others a deception not Jogs mischievous because unintentional ? 