STAGE, SONG AND SHOW. First Night of " Jones." The Tivoli Attractions. Spirits at the Opera House— Ghosts to Order— Concerts at Coogoo.' If wo are to accept "Jones" as a fair sample of Mr. Arthur Shirley's talent as a writer of farce the author should in future bestow his gifts in tho making of melo drama and leavo to mora skilled hands the production of whimsical absurdities, under which rather indefinite head tho piece in question is classed. For the first time in our experience wo on Saturday night left the theatre without anything like a clear idea of what it was all aboat, and as, like an illustrious confrero in London, we never go out between the acts, we can only attribute our uncertainty as to tho meaning and motive of "Jones" to tho fact that tbo piece is mostly an inconsequential string of incidents which, in their utter irrelevancy to anything in particular, exceed in be- wilderment anything of the sort previously brought under our notice. "JoneB," ..moreover, is old- fashioned in style, and a careful observer might readily suppose that Mr. Shirley had read up hiB John Aladison Morton, and produced a farce on similar lines, with about one- tenth of the humor that characterised " To Paris and Back " and other pieces of the same series. In all fairness, however, it must bo said that the audience at tho Lyceum Theatre on Saturday evening re ceived the farce with some favor, a circum- Btanco very evidently the rcsnlt of u brisk treatment at the hands of tho actors rather uu-u ui nuy apcciai mens oi ine worn ltsou. Mr, Ralph Roberts, as Simperson, alias Jones, struggled, with the aid of an over coat und a pair of vermilQon whiskers, to extract some fun from the part. Ir. this ho was about as successful as any good man could be, and for this his horoic buttlo with fear ful odds was warmly recognised in front. As a journalistic bounder— ono John Crum pet, of the Pudbury Trumpet — Mr Eugene Mayour made his points Bkilfuiiy and did all that was possible with poor materia, and Mr. E. Cosham's study of Mimps, the cring ing Town Clerk oi Pudbury, was clover. Mr. George Bernage played with solemn, greasy humor as tho pompons Porkington, and Mr. Clifton Alderson presented a laugh able sketch of an impossible lawyer, one Septimus Pringle. Miss Edith Housely was a piquant Janet, and Mies Gladys Leigh's vivacious method was usefully employed us Lucy, though how a girl named Porkington could bo anything but suicidally miserable we cannot for the lifo of us conceive. Mr- Edwin I, ester as Gosby, tho Padbury police man, and Air. Hawthorne as Junkius worked manfully to keep their ends np. "Jones," we may mention in conclusion, is beautifully brief. Quite a number of popular favorites are now on tho boards at the Tivoli, which fact explains the tremendous audience which greoted the change iu the programme on .Saturday. Behind the stalls the people were lined Bix deep. In Mr. Wilford Haven the house heard a sweet-voiced tenor, and Mies Ada Baker was appreciated in tho ballad "The Birds Havo Been Singing," Geo. H. Wood made his two turns sidoeplitting, tho representation of the Domain orator and tho parody on "Two Little Girla in Blue" being particularly good. The ventriloquial entertainment provided by Mr. J. W. Win- ton was one of the very beet things of the evening, tho dialogues batweon him and the dummies being very smart, Mr- W. H. Speed, who has -a fine clear voice, was eminently successful in his motto songs. The child wonder, Miss Alma Grey, grows mors popular with each appearance, end also gains in cleverness. Messrs. Pope and Sayles and Alf. Lawton provided capital amusement, and Sonny Parlatto, a Dutch dialect comedian, sang "Oxcubo Me" and "Dot Girl Mit Vooden Shoes," in a way that elicited thundors of npplauso. Miss Myra Lodge gave a display of juggling and allowed considerable akill, though her performance was marred by j nervousness at tho outset. The Anderson i Sisters looked charming "Dancing in tho Moonbeams," and Miss Alma Obrey, | Miss Emtnio Morrison and Miss Clara \- Spencer, the well-known serio- comics, had some splendid songB. Mr. Harry Fitz- ! maurice gave " True Till Death," and was j encored. "Linger Longer, Loo," by the j vocal ballet was a delectable item. i By the Alameda, which reached port this morning, Miss May Lovington, a well- J known American danseuse, arrived under i engagement to Mr. Richards, of she Tivoli j Theatre. j " Ransom," which is evidently to the | taste oi Mr. Rignold's following, was warmly received on Saturday evening by a largo j audionce. The drama in question will, it j present business continues, prove a highly j profitable venture for Her Majesty's Theatre j management. As mentioned in our Satur- 1 day's issue,. "Confusion" may be revived I briefly at the close of the presont run. j The closing nights of the present dramatic I season a the Theatre Royal ore announced. , j Meanwhile ".The Streets of London," with. J ttB capitally-contrived fire scene, ia bringing j grist to the managerial mill, i Mr. Ernest Hosking, tho olovor young j »ntortainer who recently arrived from Mel- J bourne, will commence a series of threo j performances at the Opera House this oven- ; lug. In addition to his accomplishments | as a ventriloquist Mr. Hosking is an 1 expert on the mouth-organ, bus bo makes j the Btrongcst appeal with his anti- spiritual- j istic Bounce, in which, under tho moss j rigorous conditions, ho produces manifesta- j lions of a wonderful character. The entcr- j tain rnonts will bo given this evening and on j Tuesday and Wednesday. j The afternoon and evening promenado j ' oneerts at Coogee Aquarium yesterday j formed occasion for the performance of ' some exceptionally good vocal and instru- j mental items. Among those who rendered | songs wore: — Mr. Harry Craig, "March- J"g"; Mies Grace Freeman, "Tho Loss Chord " ; General Mite, in a series of tow songs; Miss Edith Aloorc, "Is Was a Dream " ; Mr. Percy Shannon, Ono Heart Dirina " ; Miss Grace Freeman »nd Mr. _ Harry Craig, "Slumber O Sen tinel "; Little Bnby Ingersole, in new songB. A quartette, " Yo Banks und Braes" was excellently rendered. The Antphion Orches tra under Mr. Henry Hawkins, R.A.M., performed some clioico selections. It is to be regretted that the unfavorable weather detracted frum tho attendance at what wero teally enjoyable entertainments. Darlington Superior Public School gave a pleasant entcftaininontat thejRoyal Standard Theatro on Friduy night to raise funds for the purchase of school prizes. Tho hall was hlled to its utmost capacity, and great en thusiasm was shown by tho nudicuce. A cantata, " Tho Children'e Queen," was admirably givon. The curtain rose on a band of mountain children, whoso joyful revels in the grove are interrupted by the approach of beggars, whom they repulse. At tho intercession of Laila the beggars are recalled and welcomed. Laila afterwards disappears, and is led back to the children by fairies. The Queen of the | Fairies then announces that they are tbo same who in tho morniing appeared in the garb of beggars. All unite in long, and Laila is crowned. Miss'E. Mahor rondered several solos in the character of Laila, and was loudly applauded. Miss Lily Roid was hardly so confident, but) was natural, and was appreciated accordingly. The. other parts were given with success. The pupils attending the public school at Neutral Bay gave a concert on Friday in aid of their prize fund. The entertainment took place at the local School of Arts, the main hall of which provod altogether too email to comfortably accommedata the vary largo audience that attended, An attractive progrumme included part songs by the infants and senior pupils, a duct by Miss May Wood and Master H. Purccll, recitations by i/liss Clara Lowick, Miss Fhyllis Lowiclc and Masters E. Gribbon,Ivor Wyatc and H. Mas- sey. The feature of tho evening was a floral march, in which between 30 and 40 prettily- dressed little girls made a very picturesque display. The Misses Kelly and Dunn directed tho children in their performance, while Mr. T. Stafford, head master, ouper- intendod the stage arrangements. 