THOU ART THE MAN. BY MISS BRADDON. CHAPTER XII. "GBTOGSD I SO MUCH TO DIE?" " Now," said Sibvl," when she and Urquhart were walking alone' the windblown path towards the inn where she hwd left her maid, "»©w Mr, Urquhart, jvhat is the tiret thing to be done?" u ^ t u He wm astonished at the firmness of her torn, the air of resolute courage in so young a girl a girl who never before had been brought ftuca to face with crime or danger ; a girl who in the oircammnoea might have been forgiven had she abandoned herself to hysteria and diBtraotiOn in tier Own room, instead of being here under the dark night sky, ready to do and dare for the man ahe loved.' "You must be very fond of him," he said, grudgingly, "or you mover would have oome to this plade to-night." , "lam very fond of him, and I no more believe that he killed poor Marie —with the choking sound of a stifled sob—"than that I was' walking in my sleep in tW wood, and that this hand oi mite lulled her. There was some one elee- 1 -eolne one who will be found •ad brought to juatioe in God's own good Perhaps; butGod'a own titae may be soon enough to prove His omnipotence, yet not to save an inaooent maaTs neck." "I .did not think you would care so much for him as lb trouble youtaelf what became of him. I am sorry for having bee* so mistaken inyou, Mr. Urquhart. I thought you hard and WOfHTy, oaring for bo cine but yourself; but thehonrot trouble has shown the best side of yoor nature.' "Oh, one can't help feeling sorry for a fellow in aocha fix aa that. What you wad I are going to. do piay be a risky thing; but if weoangetjiimeffsafely—well, it will bealife «iv«37most likely; for I don't think the verdiot would bo anything I^ Wm wilful murder. You wad I may know that if he did thfcthintthedid it in an interval of aberration; bat then is no evidence to show that be was •ver <fat of his fnind, and the theory would hwdlyboldgoocl wijtba Jury, or even withttae Soma Secretary afterwards." " Notitingwauldever make me believe him grit ".Ah,.tint's a woman's way of looking at the nUtor. "Sou . love him. Ergo, he oau do no wwag, £lvea in * moment of lunacy , there would be a special Providence to keep him straight. Another man—as good a man— night give way to an irresistible impulse of jealousy and anger—thei impulse to destroy the otfcature he loved best'in the world, perhapa. Such things have been. But no such tung oould happen to your lover." Tharo wits au offensive tone in 'that last word which passed by Sibyl like the idle wind. She had neither thought nor care tor Mr. Ufquhatt'atones or opiniona. 8he thought of hun only aa she might have thought of » paid servant who promised to be useful in a dHs extremity. . . . ' ... The toad along which they were walkinj skirted the face of the oliff and aecended > towards the village which was a little way inlaid.- and -en higher ground > than the coast- a o ftwH! atationand loofcnp-^a long straggling village of > pitmen's Jbnaaes, with an inn at «tt& end and a rustic shop here and there. > Ill* houses were better built than most pitmen's house*, and the village > boasted a workmen's club and readiBg-rooroaad an infirmary, while about half > a mile off, in a rustic lane, backed by the woods which joined Ellerslie, a > couple of roomy cottages had fceeta fitted up in convalescent home, where > the pitmen and their wives and children were provided with rettandoare after > any serious illness or any accident of their trade. " The lookup w»4 away > from everything eroept the ooMtguard, and the constable's cottage close by. > It had no doubt bsen found that with the coastguard on one side and the > constable on the other 4his village gaol was tolerably eeonre as a temporary > place of me what we have to dot" Sibyl said presently. " We have to get your > Mend dear away before d^yliffht. I*have been thinking it out since we left > bin 1 - The only filing to begone 'is toget him on board a fishing-smack > vttiioh Will land him somewhere along the coast, the fartfor from here the > Jbettqr. ' When he is on -board Mr-he can change hiB olothei tor a spare > milt of the fisherman's, whioh can bp ready for him. Mid his own things can > be stowed away or tbrownoverboard. When he sets foot on land twain he mutt , > appear as a rough seagoing man, whom no one will 4hmk of ldenti- MUg tritfc > the missing- gentleman from XDerslie. What yoti have/to do is to'get as much > ready cash as you oan scrape together— a oonple of hundred at the least—and > bring it to meoa soon asyoapossiblyoari, il rtiall wait \- for yoa and the > money itthe fisherman's ' Beat—theiimat the otbeFend of the village— not > tbiaHigginsorn Arms. where yon left yonr tnaid. A*»d While'you tap getting > the' money X shall be making mybargain with the men who are to find the > boat. trying to secure Coxon, theoonstable.'* "I Irave my own aooount at the > Newcastle 3ianjt. Myfather opened an account for me on py last birthday. Z > oan write ray cheques you watafc" • ... "Cheques are .no use. The men woulgn > t looK »ta <$»que—least, of all Ooxon, whose o^toifi&oewill; haveto be > bought. Youmust ^•^t^te'dl^dit. loouldonly get them from father." \- 'MDwnywi must appeal to year father. This iialhirtlterof life Mia death. remember, and we tniiftohly ihree ar four hours. When to-night is gone oar chance will begone." " I know, J know. Yes, it must be done. My fathermust help me." Th ay parted on the threshold of the Higginson Anne, commonly spoken of as the Arms, a tejoM with certain pretensions, and which had .twUi known to acobmihodabe an oooasio^al toiirist —a low, stone house, wTA a pjidour that was the pride tit' the landlady's hea^t,. and , whose chief amaoMmt was a mcmstrone ^nd stony-IookiBg stuffed srfnmn against a background of impossiWetofei£e » Kjjw — of a round table,. furnished with a »Assortment of pious literature, sat Miss ' ' b'm maid, Ferriby, yawning dis- "sibe .started up at her mistress's entrance. ""Lor, miss, Z thought yon was never cotiiing back,," saidL Ferriby, who had been promoted from the village school to attendance on Sjr Joseph's daughter. "It's past II o'clock." " I can't help that, Ferriby. We must make haste home now. Oome along." Not a word said Miss Higginson to ber maid during the hurried walk through a lane and across tbe field to agate which opened into EUctalie Park. It was a long and lonely walk tinder a darkly threatening sky, and Ferriby, with tike vivid remembrance of last night's horror, ftjt.«s if the air were thick with ghosts. \- They heard the stable clock striking .12 before Ahey came to the side • near Sibyl's rooms, the key of whioh door was in ?erriby's pocket.. " It will be daylight at 4," thought Sibyl; , "only four hours." She waa glad to seethe lighted wicdows of her .fathers office, and to know that either he or his oonfidentaal'man was still np. "Shall I get you some lemonade and a bisonit before yoo go to bed, misseked the maid. " Yon must be dreadfully tired after thatlbng walk." ^"Nonsense, Ferriby; you know I think hoUungrr pi-.ftucb a w^Ji. I don't want anything, and Vmaot going to bed just-yet. But you qWtgo aa soon as yoa like. I shan't want youany moee to-night." "Not to brush your hair, mies? I should like to. give your hair a good brushing. It i might be a relief to your poor head." "No, no. There ia nothing amiss with my head:" 'V " f Qh, ijiiag. I don't believe there can be a hehd in tbi* house ae doesn't ache—after what we all Went through last night," and Ferriby 1 burst into tears. , , 1 "Go. go," cried Sibyl, imperiously. "Do you think tears can do any good 1" "They can't bring her baok," whimpered Ferriby, "but they can ease an aching 'eart. .Let me take your 'at and soarf, miss, at -seast." "No. Haven't I told you to go to bed? Don't worry me." Ferriby, upon being thus cruelly snubbed, went sobbing upstairs. She was a year or two "older than Sibylj who had taught hef'in'cbe Sunday-school, and whom she adored. This was the first time her yeung mistress bad apoken so unkindly. "Whooan wonder at it?" murmured Ferritin between her sobs, "we're all of us un- ,'inged." Sibyl went to her father's door, and found it locked as it had been earlier in the evening. Sir Joseph had been in that room all day, so far as Sibyl knew. Thers had been no family meeting at dinner. Mr. Urquhart bad sat at tablealoneunderthesearohingeyesofbutlerand footmen, and had eaten according to those attendants about as much of each course as would lie on a shilling, and yet he looked cool enough, and hardly a bit out up, said the butler. Grief in the servants'hall was moredemonitrative, but did not show itself in loss of Appetite. "Father, I want to speak to you. Pray let me in. It is about something very urgent." She heard her father's footstepB across tbe room, with a heavier tread than usual. Ho anlocked the door, and she went in, and father ind daughter stood for a few minutes looking at each other in the lamplight. Sir Joseph's eyelids were red and swollen, his swarthy skin was deadly pale, and his whole aspect bore the marks of a complete abandonment to grief, cibyl put ber arms round his neck and kissed him with compaslionate love. "Dear father, I am so sorry for your grief. I know how dearly you loved her." Uot so dearly as I ought to have loved her, Sibyl. I made her a dependent in my house—only a humble dependent. That is a bitter thought, Sibyl, now she is gone—gone from us by such a cruel fate. M$ God, my God!" . , His hands olutched distractedly at his hair; be sank down into the chair where he had been sitting wben Sibyl came to the door, and the iron-grey head was bowed over the table, amongst the scattered papers which his trerabling hands had tossed here and there in the vain pretence of attending to the day's businene. I Dear father, you denied her nothing. She I waa like my sister. Yoa oan have nothing to I regret in your oonduct to her. You were all I 1 goodness" - " You don't know, child. Don't talk to me about her. It hurts me to hear you talk of her. The blow has fallen, and I must bear it." "Father, I want you to'answer one question. Do you believe that Brandon Mountford murdered her?" . , "No I do not—no, in spite of the damning I evidence against him. No, . for a man of his charaoter and his lineage—my dear wife a raoe —such a deed must, be impossible. I cannot believe him guilty, though every circumstance indicates guilt. No, I believe the was sacrificed to the malignity of some ruffian who had a quarrel against me." " Against you, father. Why, all your men adore you." " No, Sibyl. There areaiways blaok sheep. However popular an employer may be, he is never without enemies. ~ M ~ I have — been - a , liberal, easy-going master to good Servants, I have been u hard as iron in my dealings with bad subjects. I have dealt out even-handed justice. I have made examples when they | wore needed. I should never have held my own with {hat rough lot if I had been afraid of lettdng 'emhaveIt hot when they tried to get J the wuO upper hand. 1—— It's likely „ enough .. that some vindictive devil struck at me through her, through my poor, innocent girl. Thank God for one thing, there were no signs of a struggle. The villain's knife took her by surprise. Three swift blows from the savage hand—nostruggle, no time for terror and agony. Death, sudden death—only death." . The'large, muscular hands were strained his eves and the stooping shoulders SJtonCteHolwoeof hUiobs. "My poor git'; caught lik^a lamb in the dutch of ftiwT-butit was death, swift andsuddfen. God^asmerciW. It might have been worse." SibvuSeH by his chair, clinging to him, leaning tor h«£ a£»n.t hi. arSi, trying to leaning mr ^.JTl 1 | needed no words. , s . When the storm was over he looked down at her kindly, but with a far-off look, as if he hardly realized her identity. " Yon wanted something," be said. 'What was it r . . " I wantyou to givemeBomemonty, fatner; a good deal—ab least two hundred pounds, ready money. I can give you my cheque for thefullaihou"nt. _ I haw drawn very little of I the fire htfndred pounds you paid into the fciak for me on my birthday-but I must have t^hundredpotrods to-night (in notes or "Vj j, , I Her father looked at her wonderingly, but with the look of a man whose troubled brain is ] only dimly impressed by any circumstance j 1 [ the point upon whioh' all his thoughts j w centred. -, h "I don't understand what y6u can want j k with so Binoh money," he said. "Isit for J u gome one in distress?" ' , j i Yea, for some one in great distress." ' _ j t Sorely to- morrow would be time ecotign ? | No, no, iir rnnat be to-night." j " How impulsive yon are—just .like yonr | poor mother. There is some money in that: j drawer the drawer with the key in it—some I notes that were" brought me this.morning. I Nearly three hundred pounds; some of my I March rents. Tafce what you wintand go; I I am better alpne. This muddled head of mine I can't stand the strain of talking to anyone, not even to you." I He rose and' walked up and down" the room, j while Sibyl knelt in front of hie writing tablet j and opened the money drawer. .The notes) were of various denominations, and it took her j some minntes to Wake up the amn she re- |- quired; and then she -went to b«r father, I kissed him silently, and left him with a j murmured good-night. I She met his faithful Secretary creeping ont J of the billiard- room, where there was asolitary J lamp burning. j ~~ Yon will look after my poor father, won't I you, Mr. Orlebar? He is in a sad state of I mind." | Yes, I am waiting for him. I hope I shall get him to bed presently. He was up all I last night. It is killing work for » man of his age. 1 wish yon could stay'with him, MSss I Higginson. You might help to persuade him I to take some rest. I 1 "No, no, he doesn't: want me," Sibyl j answered hurriedly, as she went towards the 1 lobby that opened to the garden. . I She had not taken off her hat or jacket. Andrew Oitobar looked after her wonderingly I as aha vanished in the darkness of the oorndor. j That she should be leaving her father when j her presence might have been useful to him j was strange in so affectionate a daughter. J That eh» should be dressed 'for Walking at I that hour of the night was even more sur- j prising. While he stood thinking over her | conduct he heard the lobby door chut, blown I to by th6 wind which was just beginning to I The door had slipped ont of Sibyl's band while she wall toying to chat it noiselessly. The sky wits moonless and statless, and there was a fine drizzling rain falling* scarcely more perceptible than a dew, and it was not till she' wm near the end of her fcnrnby that Sibyl knew the j^netrating capacity of that fine I l rain, but by that time her thin cloth jacket I y waa wet through. „ I There was a light burning in a lower window ] D at the Fisherman's Best, but the door was I e shut, and Sibyl stood for a few moments ] wondering whether she ought to knock when I h she saw a bright red spot travelling towards I ber along tbe dark road, which proved to be B the lighted end of Urquhart's cigar. j You have been very quick," he said as | o he came to her. "Have you got the money?" | "Yes, two hundred 'pounds in notestwenties, tens, fives," answered Sibyl, handing | b him the paoket. l Capital. Yon are a brave girl, and you ' may oongratnlate yourself in the days tocome | s upon having saved his life. I havemademy 1 d bargain with three of the best men in the village. They' have a good boat, and they t trill land him wherever he likes between here C and TantaUan Castle. They will be ready tt to start- before daybreak. One of them -will be waiting on the beach with a dingey. d I have made everything square with Ooxon. It wasn't an easy business, and he is to have i half tbe cash—an exorbitant prioe for giving I the key of the door and being deaf and dumb I a till to-jnorrow morning. He has lent'me the I a axe witb whioh be chops his wood, and when } Mountford is off I am to sliptbe key under the door of his cottage, where I can find it in the 1 morning, and I am to knock the door of the j look-up about,-smash tbelook, and so on, so as j to give the idea of an escapp by violence; and now I'll take yoii to the lock up, and it will be your business to get Mountford- off quietly, and withont any Quixotic nonsense on his ] part, while I look after the raeni Stay. You had better take a couple of ten-pound notes I for Mountford. He may be without money, I and you'll have to arrange with him where his goods and chattels are to be sent. Yiu oan do anything with him, yon fee^ Yoa will | succeed where Imightntterly fail. Remember, it is a question of life or death." "Yes, yes, I know, and yet I may be doing bim the cruellest wrong in urging him to escape. All the world will say he is guilty." " All the world- will think very little about bim when onoe ha has dropped through. In a oase of this kind interest and curiosity soon die if they are not fed with daily scraps in the newspapers. When Mountford has vanished and the funeral ia over this tragedy will be as if it had never been. Here we are at his door, Now, Sibyl, I leave you to manage him. When the men are ready I'll come and fetch bim." He unlosked the door and left Sibyl to go in alone. _ • _ Brandon w&b; sitting at the table in the dim I light of the smoky candles, his watch lying in front of him. &b; if be had been counting the minutes in tbe weariness of waiting. He started up as she entered and olasped her hand, and lifted it to his lips. " My darling, why are you about at such an hour? To think that you should oare for me so much, that you should be here in this wretched hole ; you. in tbe dead of the night cariner and thinking for me, robbed of sleep and rest and oomfort for me." I shall be better able to rest when I know you are safe, Brandon. I offered you my love yesterday, forgetting womanly pride, reserve, modesty evr>n perhaps. Do you think I offered myself lightly to a man I cared about so little that I could stop at home idle and content while he was in the direst extremity ? No, you could not think so badly of me. You know that whatever a woman can do I will do —bar tbe door with my right arm, like Kate Barlass, to keep out "your enemies if need were." She smiled at him through her tear*, smiled . with love so irresistible that he canght ber in bis arms and their lips met in a despairing kiss. "My God," he oried, "a man might^live | and die for one such moment as this. I am content, Sibyl. No matter where I go, what becomes of me ; however I. may be tossed about in tbe tempest of life, cast on whatever strand. I must still remetnber, still take comfort from the memory that you have loved me." " And shall always love you, whatever may become of me. But now, be reasonable, cool. | clear-headed. And first take this money. giving him the two cotes. "What/or?" "Because yon maybe wandering about for some time before you can get at your own money. And you may not have much about you." " The change of a ten pound cheque, o( which I have given a sovereign to my gaoler." "Mr. Urquhart was right then as to your wanting money?" " Mr. Urquhart is very thoughtful. I don't understand why he should take so much trouble cbout me." 'It is surely common humanity in him. You and he have been companions and friends since you came to Ellerslie." "Companions, yes—I don't know much about friendship. Mr. Urquhart has always impretsed me with the idea he hat only one friend in the world—the friend who goes under his own hat." , , . , ,, You have no right to judge turn so hardly, Trouble brings out a man's better nature. He bas bsen intensely in earnest abcut you—most energetic in helping you." " Yes; but why, Sibyl, why ?" " Brandon, are you a oynic? I know he is, but I did not think you were an unbeliever in other people's good qualities." " An unbeliever, when Providence has sent an angel across my pathway? No, no, no, my beloved. I believe there are stray spirits from heaven who are allowed to lose their way and flutter ----- , earthward . now and then ... in the „ shape - T of lovely and loving women like you. But 1 don't believe in the friendship of Hubert Is it his money you have given Urquhart. meY" " No, no, it is mine." " I am glad of that." She told him about the boat, and that all he bad to do was to wait quietly till Urquhart summoned him. The interval was not likely to be long. They waited longer than Sibyl had antici pa ted, waited with the rude wooden shutters open to the night sky which was ^e^eredwith ragged black clouds that foretold windy weather. The wind had been rismg ever since she left Ellerslie and it had blown away the aoft imperceptible rain, and seemed to be blowing the stars about—only a few stars scattered wide apart in the groat sky-canopy. "I'm afraid yoa'U have rough weather," Sibyl said, as she listened to the sobbing swell of the waves on the beach below and the shrill note of the wind. " No, no, it won't be too much, or if it were I have not far to go. I oan be landed at the first sheltered spot. The boat I am to sail in can hug the shore. No doubt the men know every inch of the coast between here and Berwick. They can land me where they like and as soon as they like. "Not too near here ; remember every one wM know you are gone to-morrow morning. YotiwiUbehnntedfor." "Yen, like a hunted animal. A position of that kind due, not enhance a man's sense of dignity. I am to wear another rnanjs nlathea. to Bneak about pretending v - something that I am not. assume another man's mode of speech, try to talk like a Northumberland fisherman, and mailt inevitably be found out. My speech will betray me." He was walking up and down exoitedly, with an air of suppressed impatience. He had protnised to do this thing, but he hated himself for doing it. He had as it were given his life into Sibyl's keeping, bntheoonld bat feel h» was something le« than a true man m allowing a woman to dispose of his fate. He could tat feelthat would have been to abide the issue of thmgt, to wait for the worst man's injustice could do to him. Or, if he were in very tenth a murderer, efrf it not better to let the law deal with im? What joy or peace could he ever now upon earth while he was unconvinced pon that point, while in his own mind t was an open question whether he had killed his girl. , 3 . There waa but briefest speech dnrisg that long hour of waiting. Brandon paced up and down in moody silence. All had been said that Words could say between those two. The story of hopeless love had been told. Sibyl stood by the open window watching those rainy oloudB, amidst whioh the stars glimmered far apart. A sky of evil omen it seemed to her sad eyes. The dark ragged cloudagrou^ed themselves into a funeral train, and she shuddered as she thought of the dismal procession which was to leave Ellerslie early in . the earning week. The first funeral which would leave those doors sinoe she waa old enough to understand the inevitable end 0f j]} things human. Inevitable, yes, but not like this—not as it had oome to her adopted sister. "Poor Marie," she thought, "I am so selfish in my sorrow for the man Hove that I have no time to grieve for her. Grief will oome by-and-by when he is safe-^safe but far a,way—and I have nothing to think of but the friends I have lost." Brandon looked at his watch many times during that interval of waiting. Half-past 2 — the first hour gone—3 an hour and a half. « Your friend is slow in making his {dans," ), B said presently. 4 ' I fear you may be missed at home. The whole household would run distraoted if that were so." «< fi 0> there will be no one to miss me. I sent my maid to bed and came out by the garden <)dor, fe* which I have any own key. No one. over lodics that door. We are not a nervous household at Ellerslie." Quick' footsteps Bounded outside, t, key was turned in the door, and Urquhart looked "Now," he Baid," all ia ready. Look sharp, j t ^il-be light in less than an hour. Come, Mountford.'" Brandon paused on the threshold. Sibyl confidingly. went to him and pnt her hand in his, simply, 3 , , „ . ., "Crod k6ep you and shelter you, she said, wherever you may go." The words were low and fervent, and had all the earnestness of a prayer. " My beloved, if I get clear out of the trap that fate has set for me I shall owe you my but it will be only a broken life without ou." "Oome along," said Urquhart angrily. o,, 1 !, stand talking lovers' nonsense when ven & minute wasted adds to the danger, ^^ hold of Brandon's arm and drew im across the threshold, "111 oome back for you, Sibyl, when I've e€II him safe on board." "No. no, I shall go home alone. I want no ne. -jon had better look the door." "No, stay where yon are till I come ack.'-' He shut the door quickly as he spoke, ocked it, and pnt the key in his pocket. ai" dBrandon/ For God's "Shell sake don't be frightened leave her in there," that ismfelden. •> . . Not she. You don't know what a spirit hat girl has. I shall be back in ten minutes. ome along. Follow me down the path o the beach, and look out for squalls. The Tack is narrow and rugged, and a slip means eath. . , , Sibyl was not frightened, but she was angry being treated like a ob'ild. locked in that TOi gerable room, with the burnt-down candles moking and flickering on the dirty deal table, n(j th e rusty grating between ber and tbe outside world. ~ Why should Urquhart have prevented her going back to Ellerslie alone, as 8h e had come? She hated the idea of his company for her homeward walk. He would talk to her of Brandon, would discuss what had been done, speculate upon his future, and ^ hear Hubert Urquhart talk of the man she l OTed would be hatefuL He had been useful ; he bad done things that she could not have done with all her ardent desire to rescue her lover. He had acted while she had talked, jj e had tfcestrongestclaim upon her gratitude, hut she did not want his company to-night, ghe walked across the room, and, looking towards the grating, she was startled by the apparition of a face—two faoes—peering in at her. " Who's there ?" she cried. There was no answer, but she heard footsteps scuttling off in the loose shingle, and she felt assured that some one bad been watching. The thought was not a pleasant one. She knew not how long or how often those unu n0wn faces had been there. Strange unfriendly eyes might have been peering in at her and Brandon even in that one moment of abandonment, that kiss, which meant parting an(j despair. She weloomed the turning of the key in the anli even Urquhart's company was better than her own vexed thoughts. " Is he safe ?" she asked. He is dancing gaily over the water, in the Mary Jane, with every thread of canvas straining in a favourable wind. He will be in Scotland before breakfast-time at Eljerslie, and it will be his own fault if he doesn t take the first Leith steamer that will carey bim across the North Sea, and make a clean dis- Therehas been some one looking in at that grating,"said Sibyl, pointing to the window, and then she described that brief vision of two inquisitive faces. ''I'm Borry for that," Urqhuart Baid, gravely. "I am sorry any one in the village should know you were here." ,. . , Siqyl was outside the door by this time, and Urquhart was examining the lock before beginning operations with the hatchet which he had broueht with him. "I don't like the idea of being watched, but as to their knowing I am here—I don t think that matters." internal "Perhaps long not, muguc, but your j— villager has an - th„ infernal whole long neighbourhood tongue, aud magging you don about t Misb want Higginson and her interest in a possible murdeier." I will never admit that possibility ; and I don't care who knows that I am interested in him. :: You're a pluoky girl. Now, just take a look round before I smash this lock, and tell me if tbe coast is clear." He had taken oS bis coat and turned up his shirt sleeves ready to begin work. Sibyl made a rapid circuit of the lock-up and cot tage and came back to the door. '' Ail right?" "All right!" "Then here goes '." He took a screwdriver from his pocket and trifid to pet the screws out of the look, but the 'vck was old and clumsily made, solid enough to have locked a fortre c «, and the screws were embedded in riwt. He o->ald not move them. " I thought as much," he said. "The door couldn't have opened without vielenoe. Now for a few artietic touches." He hacked and hewed the woodwork round the lock, sending the splinters flymg and smashing tbe worm-eaten panel, which sent out a cloud of dust and rottenness at every stroke. Five minutes' work made a ruin of lock and jamb. "That will clear Coxon'a character," he said, " and now to Ret rid of my tools. He ran to the little garden behind Coxon'aoottaee and disposed of tho hatchet and screwdriver under a group of gooseberry-bushes near the baek door. Sibyl bad walked some little way along the oliff path by the time he overtook her. " What a hurry you are in !" he said, as he rejoined her. " There is Dotbing more to be done. You are sure he got off safely." " I saw bim oc board the smack. If the wind holds as it is now he'll be far away north-west before noon." There were rageed streaks of a pale cold grey in the east, and the sea showed faintly livid under that first glimmer of dawn. It was not s sky of pleasant omen, and Sibyl, who bad been reared on that coast and knew tihe siens of sea and sky, saw the menace of a storm. Her hope was that foul weather might be slow in coming, and that the man she loved might be safe on shore before the beginning of evil. She had nothing to say to Urquhart in the walk bt^k to Ellerslie, and she walked h^r fastest, partly because of that agitated state of mind in which it was impossible to walk •lowly, partly in her deeire to escape conversation, but at tbe door he stopped her, with bis hand upon her arm. "How you must love that man," he said, aB if the ejaculation were the result of his brooding thoughts during that silent walk. " I do love him," she answered, turning to look at bim. "1 am not ashamed of loving bim. His father loved my mother before ever she saw my father's face. Fate parted them. Fate is parting Brandon and me—but I love bim. I love him as the best and traest man I have ever known—exoept my father—or am ever likely to know." "That sounds as if you bad a bad opinion of my sex in cceneral," said TJrqubart with a sneering laugh. "I don't think you are all of you perfect —but I am not guing to quarrel with you this morning, Mr. Urquhart, for you have done a kind and friendly thing, and I am grateful." "You will have more reason to be when you find how general the belief in Mountford's guilt is, and how strong the net which you and I have cut through." Sibyl went quietly up to her room, suppos ing that Urquhart would follow her example; but instead of going upstairs he waited till the sound of her light footsteps bad died away in the distance, and then he reopened the door by wbioh they had entered and went out again into the bleak moraine, and away at a swinging pace towards the road that led to the railway station, distant a long three miles. He looked at his watch as he went out of the shrubbery gate. Four o'clock. There is a train that will do for me at ten minutes to 5." 