GRETA. Miners' Meeting. — A special general meeting of tlie Greta miners was held at 10 a.m. on Satur day, the principal business being to discuss the offer of the Greta Company to start the colliery at 2s 11d per ton. Much interest was evinced in this meeting by the miners and the general public, and on the streets the hope was generally expressed that something definite might be arranged in the way of settling the present deadlock in the colliery. Mr. Wm. Jackson was in the chair, and the hall was crowded. The minutes having been read and adopted, the question of a scurrilous and lying paragraph that recently appeared in a Sydney contemporary reflecting on the action of the miners of Greta was brought up, and it was asserted that the article was the production of some one who attended the meetings. No one would, however, admit its paternity, and it was finally resolved on this account to exclude all the reporters, and conduct the business of the meeting privately. And now let us just pause here to remark that this is only another instance of the utter nonsense that sometimes manages to dominate our meetings. The article complained of is not the work of a reporter or country correspondent at all, and its ap pearance in print is not due to the covert malice of one of our cwn members, but the spleen of some irresponsible Sydneyite, bulged out with venom against our Association and desirous of prostituting his pen to pander to capital. This is what we make of the article, and we have read it carefully, and most certainly - there is nothing about it that should lead any intelligent man, or body of men, to term it a report or a news letter. It is the work of the editor or some other on the staff of the paper referred to, and as a criterion of the situation here, or a criticism between truth and falsehood, it is simply disgusting. No meeting should have excluded the press on the strength of such an irresponsible scrawl, and our miners should have been able to determine that the paper that circulated it has no valid right to be identified with the Press of the colony. The press had to go, how ever, and now I am only able to say that the meet ing did not close with the offer of the company nor attempt any negotiations to that end. The resolu tion came to was that the matter be referred to the Board of Delegates for consideration, and we believe that a special meeting of the delegates will be called for Wednesday or Thursday to think it over. Meantime it is stated that the company have an order for 10,000 tons of coal and a good trade behind that, and that they intend advertising for miners should their own men and them not come to terms. This is the situation. '"Being Flowers — Bright Flowers." — A meeting was held in the Masonic Hall on Friday evening for the purpose of forming a Floral and Horticultural Society. Mr. J. Southall was in the chair. The object of the meeting was fully explained and a committee was appointed. The following were appointed as officers pro tem— Mr. Buckley secretary, and Mr. Teasy, treasurer. It was resolved "That the best thanks of the meeting be conveyed to Mr. Purchase, of Parramatta, for his kind gift of plants. The plants are on view in Mr. Pryor's windows and we have only to add that we hope to see this new venture become a great suc cess. We have all the requisities here for becoming a flower growing people, good soil, a mild climate, and plenty of water, and should the movement go on Greta may soon. have a perfect right to its floral cognomen. Beligious. — St. Mary's (B.C.) Church was beautifully decorated on Sunday with flowers and evergeens, and special services were held in hon our of the Blessed Sacrament, which was exposed on the altar from 10 a.m. till 7 p.m. Mass was celebrated at 9.30 to a very large and devout con gregation, and a special feature of the service was the fact that twelve young children, boys ard girls, made their first sacramental communion on the occasion. The little girls were tastefully dressed in pure white for the occasion, and it was a truly touching and beautiful sight to see them march up the altar rails to enter, as it were, on the first nn%.;fNiia r»arf.irtiTmfinn nf fcVin Viicli and florions mysteries of their holy religion. Great numbers attended the church during all the hours of the day to prostrate themselves in adoration before the sacred host, and at 7.30 the whole services concluded with the rosary of the blessed Virgin Mary and benediction. At this service, Father Flannagan preached a powerful and impressive sermon on the sanctity and earnestness required in those who ap. proached the sacred banquet of the Euchrist, and pictured the awful guilt that lay on the soul of an unworthy communicant. The altar at night was beautifully illuminated and covered with flowers and evergreens. Political.— Mr. J. Connolly addressed a very large and representative meeting of the electors at the Commercial Hotel, Jerry's Plains, on Saturday evening. Most of the influential residents of that portion of the Singleton electorate were at the meeting, and the chair was taken by Mr. A. Alcotn, senr., who briefly introduced Mr. Connolly. An address lasting over two hours and a half was then delivered by the candidate, and during this the cheering and applause was frequent and hearty. Evidently the political sentiments of the candidate just suited his audience out there, as they seem to do all over the electorate, and he was assured that no other protectionist candidate had the ghost of a Bhow against him. At the close he was accorded a hearty and unanimous -vote of confidence, _oa the motion of .Mr. Hardy (of the Commercial Hotel), seconded tfy Mr. Alcorn, junr. Every man in the meeting voted for the resolution, not a hand being raised for the negative.— Communicated. That Par.— Since writing the foregoing I learn that the exclusion of the press was not altogether decided on because of the misleading and false article of a Sydney paper, as already referred to. A report that appeared in the Telegraph of Friday, 25th, is also condemned, and as I have read this too I hasten to endorse every word of it, and declare it to be correct. "Much destitution docs prevail here," and we are "dissatisfied with the way the district has treated us in the matter of our application for an increase in locked-out pay;" and I again assert that the majority of the men here are determined not to let strangers cut them out of their work. We would like to get district prices, but if the Association is determined to withhold our just dues and starve us on 12s per week we must make our own terms. Certainly we can earn more than that at the prices offered. There was nothing erroneous in the report of Friday's Daily Telegraph. Greta, May 28, 1894. 