Chapter XX. There wag nothing more said to Air. Man* nering on the subjeot of Mr. Templar's mis sion, neither did he himself say anything, either to aanotion or prevent his child from oarrying out the strange desire of her mother —her mother! Bora did not accept the thought. She made a struggle within herselE to keep up the fiction than it was not her mother's sister—a relation, something near, yet ever inferior to the vision of a benignant, melancholy being, unknown, which a dead mother so often is to an imaginative giri. It pleased her to find, as she said to herself, " no likeness " to the suffering and hysterical woman she had seen in that calm, pensive portrait, which she instantly secured and- took possession of—the little picture which had lain so long buried with its face downward in the secret drawer. She gazed at it for an hour to gether and found nothing—nothing, she declared to herself with indignant satisfaction, to remind her of the other face—flushed, weep ing, middle-aged—which had so implored hen affection. Had it been her mother, was it possible tbafs it should have required an effort to give that affection ? No! Bora at sixteen believed very fully in the voice of nature. It would have been impossible, her heart at once would have spoken, she would have known by some in fallible instinct. She put the picture up in her own room and filled her heart with the luxury, the melancholy, the sadness, and pleasure of this possession—her mother's por trait, more touching to the imagination than any other image could be. But then there begau to steal a little shadow over Dora's thoughts. _ She would not give up her deter mined'resistance to the idea that this face and the other face, living and dying, which she had seen, were one ; but when she raised her eye3 suddenly to her mother's picture a con sciousness would steal over her, an involun tary glance of recognition. What more likely than that should be a re* semblance, faint and far away, between sister and sister ? And then there came to be a gleam of reproach to Dora in those eyes, and then the girl began to feel as if there was an irreve rence, a want of feeling, in turning that long recluse and covered face to the light of day, and carrying on all the affairs of life under it, as if it were a common thing. Binally she ar ranged over it a little piece of drapery, a mor sel of faded embroidered silk which was among her treasures, soft and faint in its colors—a< veil which she could draw in her moments of thinking and quiet, those moments which it would not be irreverent any longer to call a dead mother or an angelio presence to hallow and to share. Bub she said nothing when she was called to Mis3 Bebhune's room, and olad in mourning, recognising with a thrill, half Qf horror, half of pride, the crape upon her dress whioh proved ner right to that new exaltation among human creatures—that position of a mourner which is in its way a step in life. Dora did not ask where she was going when she followed Miss Bebhune, also in black from head to foot, to the plain little brougham which had been ordered to do fit and solemn honor to the occasion; the great white wreath and basket of flowers, which filled up the space, called no observation from her. They drove in silence to the great cemetery, with all it3 gay flowers and elaborate aspect oi cheerfulness. It was a fine but cloudy day, warm aud soft, yet without sunshine; and Dora had a curious sense of importance, of meaning, as if she had attained an advanced stage of being. Already an experience bad fallen to her share, more than one experience. She had knelt, troubled and awe-stricken, by a deathbed: she was now going to stand by a grave. Even were real sorrow exists this ourious sorrowful elation of sentiment is apt to come into the mind of the very young. Dora was deeply impressed by the circumstances and the position, but it wa3 impossible that she could feel any real grief. Tears came to her eyes as she dropped the shower of flowers, white and lovely, into the darkness of that laBt abode. Her face was full of awe and pity, bub her breast of that vague, inexplainable expansion and growth, as of a oreature entered into the larger develop ments and knowledge of life. There were very few other mourners. Mr. Templar, the lawyer, with his keen but veiled observation of everything, serious and business-like; the doc tor, with professional gravity and indifference ; Mis3 Bethune, with almost stern seriousness, standing like a statue in her black dres3 and with her pale face. Why should any of these spectators care ? The woman was far the most moved, thinking of the likeness and difference of her own fate, of the failure of that life which was now over and of her own, a deeper failure still, without any fault of hers. And Dora, wondering, developing, her eyes full of abstract tears and her mind of awe. Only one mourner stood pale with, watching and thought beside the open'' grave, his heart aching with loneliness and a profound natural vacancy and pain. He knew that she had ne glected him, almost wronged him at the la3tf cut him off, taking no thought Qf what was to become of him. He felb even that in so doing this woman was unfaithful to her trust and had done what she ought nob to have done. But all than-mattered nothing in face of natural Borrow, natural love. - She had been a mother to him, and she was gone. - The ear always open to his boyish talk and confidence, always ready to listeD, could hear him no more, and always more poignant, his care of her was over, there was nothing more to do for her, none of the hundred commissions that used to send him flying, the hundred things that had to be done. His occupation in life seemed to be over, his home, bis natural place. It had not perhaps ever been a natural place, but he had nob felt for that. She. had been bis motherr though no drop of her blood ran in his veins f and now he was nobody's son, belonging to no family. _ ' The other people round looked like ghosts to Harry Gordon. "They were part of the strange cutting off, the severance he already felt; none of them had anything to do with her and yeb it was he who was pushed out and put aside, as if he had nothing to do with her, the only mother he had ever known. The little sharp old lawyer was her representative now, not he who had been her son. He stood languid, in a moment of utter depression, collapse qf soul and body, by the grave. When all was over and the solemn voice which sounds as no other voiceeverdoes, fallingcalm through the still air, bidding earth return to earth and dust to dust, had ceased, he still stood as if unable to compre hend that all was over—no one to bid him come away, no other place to go to, not thinking of moving. His brain wa3 not relieved by tears or his mind set in activity by anything to do. He stood there half stupefied, left_ behind in that condition were simply to remain as we are seems the only thing possible to us. Mlgq Bethune had placed Dora in the little brougham, in vigorous fulfilment of her duty to the child. Mr. Templar and the doctor had both departed, the other two women, Mrs. Briatowe's nurse and the maid who had aocompanied her, had driven away and still the young man stood, not paying any atten tion. Miss Bethune waited for a little by the carriage door. She did not answer the appeal of the coachman, asking if he was to drive away; she said nothing to Dora, whose eyes endeavored in vain to read the changes in her friend's face; but, after standing there for a few minutes quite silent, suddenly turned and went back to the cemetery. It was strange to her to hesitate in anything she did, and from the moment she left the carriage door all un certainty was over. She went back with a quick step, treading' her way among the graves, and put her hand upon young Gordon's arm. . ., "You are coming home with me, she said. The new, keen voice, irregular and full of life, so unlike the measured tones to.which he had been listening, struck the young man uneasily in the midst of bis melancholy reverie, which was half trance, half exhaustion. He moved a step away, a3 if to.shakeoff the inter ruption, scarcely conscious what and not at all who it was. "My dear young man, you mnst come home with me," she said again, He looked ac her with consciousness reawakening and abtempfced to smile, with his natural ready response to every kindness. It is you," he said, and then, "I might have known it could only be you." What did that mean 1 Nothing at all. Merely his sense thab the one person who bad spoken kindly to him, looked tenderly at, him (though he had never known why and.had been both amused and embarrassed bv con sciousness), -was the most likely among all the atrangerB by whom he was surrounded to be kind to him now. But it produced an effect upon Miss Bethune whioh was far beyond any meaning it bore. .. . A great light seemed suddenly to blaze over her face, her eyes which had been eo veiled and stern awoke, every line of a face which could be harsh and almost rigid in repose began to melt and soften, her composure, which had been almost solemn, failed, her lip began to quiver, tears came dropping upon his arm, 'which she suddenly clasped with both her hands, clinging to it. "You say right," she cried, "my dear, my dear !—more right than all the reasons. It iB you and nature" that makes everything clear. You are just coming home with me." "I don't seem," he said, "to know what the word means." " But you will soon learn again. God bless the good woman that cherished you and loved you,' my bonnie' boy. I'll no' say a word against her—oh, no, no! God's blessing upon her where she lies there. I will never grudge a good word you say of her, never a regret. Bun now"—Bhe put her arm witbki his with a proud and tender movement, which so far penetrated his languor as to revive the bewil derment which he had felb before—"now you are coming homo with me." " ' He did not resist; he allowed- himself.to be. led to the little carriage and packed into it,' which was nob quite an easy thing to do. On another occasion he would have laughed and protested," but on this he submitted gravely. to whatever was required of him, thankful, in the failure of all motive, to have some one to tell him what to do, to move him as if he we're an automaton. He sat bundled up on the little front seat, with Dora's wondering countenance opposite ; to him, and that other inexplicable face inspired and lightened up with tenderness. He. had not strength enough to enquire why this stranger took possession of him so, neither could Dora tell, who sat opposite to him, her mind awakened, her thoughts busy. This was the almost son of the woman who they said , was Dora's mother. What was he to Dora? Was he the nearer to ber, or the farther from her, for that relationship ? Did she like him better or worse for having done everything that it ought, they said, to have been her part to do ? These questions were all confused in Dora's mind, but they were not favorable to this new interloperiutoher life—hewhohad known about her for years while she had never heard of him. She sat. very upright, reluotant to make room for him, yet scrupulously doing so, and a little indignanb that he should thus be brought in to interfere with her own claims to the first place. The drive to Bloomsbury seemed very long in these oircumstances and it was a long drive. They all came back into the streets alter the long suburban road with a sense almost of relief in the growing noise, the rattle of the causeway and sound of the carts and carriages, ■ which made it unnecessary, as it had beeu im posisble for them, to say anything to each other, and brought back the affairs of common life to dispel the influence of so different a kind which filled the brain and imagination, if only in one case the heart, of the solemn little party. " (To be continued.) 