TURF FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. lir " XUNQUAM Doasno." FHOM time immemorial the Warrnainbool jumping trysts have always been looked upon as being likely to unearth" talent for the ensuing Grand National Meetings, the eulogy," lie lias got round Warrnamhnol ail right" being the very highest credential a steeplechaser could possibly have as to " lapping" abilities. Curiously-enough, tiie two raeinff orp iraiions of the district—the Warrnauibool Iticing Club and 1he Warruambool Aimte.ur Turf Club—w.irfc in perfect harmony, as evidenced by the fact that the "amite.nr " venture is sandwiched iu between the two days of the racinir club's litture. Last Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday the ji ,taro borough was on/We, and though t.lie weather was particularly unfavourable on the Wednesday, all thing? considered the attendances were quite up to expectations. THK Maiden Hurdle, of a mile and a-lialf, introduced us to a real good one in a six-year-old chestnut mare named Elsinore (by Columbus from 11, Huglienden mare), who started at 4 to 1 (Nutmeg lifting at even money), and never let any of the five others have tile ghost of a show, eventually wiining by six lengths from Xutuieg, with Telephone a bad third, iu limin. J see. Elsinore is owned by Mr. 1). Keys. THK Maiden Steeplechase, over t.vo miles of country, was voted a real good thing for Gorangauiile. a five-year-old eon of Wellington and a Linercost mare, who was piloted by Mick Carey, and about whom even money was accepted, agains'. eight others. Among these " others'' was another five-year-old. a brown or black gelding named Circingle (Query: Why not Surcingle ?), tile prog.Miy of Postmaster and a mare by Fisherliov, who had the assistance of Jack Williauis in the pigskin, and who posed as second favourite at •)• to 1. whilst S's was obtainable about either of the others. Circingle led at. the start, hut baulked at the third fence, getting over at the second attempt. Then Coolgardie and lioyal Blood ran oir, whilst- Williams began to make up his leeway, and just before entering the straight again assumed the command. Half-way up, however, Carey brought the favourite along, at his best pace.' but although he caught up to the leader he failed to pass him, the judge declaring a dead heat between Cilcingle and Corangamite, with Brilliant four lengths oft' third, and Touiboy fourth. Time, Jinin. -Ml see. The owners agreed ^o divide. A HANDICM' Hurdle Race, of two miles, brought out a field of a dozen, jS'eli (12.9) and Waterloo (10.13) being equal favourites therefor at 2 to 1, after them coming Emerald at 5's, Gipsy Girl at <>'s, La Cigale at 7 s, and Mon Arui at K's. Neli and Abbey fell, and La Cigale (Il.<>) stalling off a good run by Mon Ami (11.lit) in the home stretch won nicely by a length, Treasure (9.12) third, Vulong fourti'i, and Waterloo fifth; time., 1 min. •l.\\*eo. La Cigale is a five-year-old mare by Paris from Midnight, and is the property of Mr. J. Brown. ON Wednesday only four started for the Handi • cap Hurdle Kace. of a mile and u-half, Apsley (by Wellington —Fortress) being installed a (i to 4 favourite and carrying lOst. sib. home a length iu advance of Nutmeg (Hi.K), Seaman (11 9) being a bad third, and Hougoumont (1<J.1) last; time, ISmin. lsec. STRANOKLY enough, there were only the same number of starters ( II for the Handicap Steeplechase. of about three miles, lor which Mailboy (10.1O) also started at C> to 1, aud won a fine race by half-a-lengtb from Waterloo (12.fi): Gleuista (il.]:'.) being a bad third followed, by Highlander (10.12). Tin: time given for this event was "a wee bit swift," seeing that the "about three miles" was traversed in ouiin. 22*ec., or a second and a-half faster than Portsea's Champion. What price the "abi-ut " ? AI-SLF.T was the lieto of the mile and a-half Handicap Hurdle liace on the third day (Tiiursdiy), for which Null started a shade the better favourite at ."> to 2; the weights being Apslev :ist., Null 12it. 71b. La Cigale (a 11 to ) shot), with 12st. 01b. on her back, led to ilie last hurdle, where she came down a cropper, a good race between Apsley and Noli resulting in a half-length victory for the firstnamed. three lengths further otf coming Treasure (1U.2). with Seaman fourth. Time, :taiin. THK Warrnainbool Handicap Steeplechase, of about three miles, resolved itself into a great betting race, each of the eight starters receiving support of some kiud or other, at the following prices:— 2 to 1 Corangamite, 5 each Dragon, Nipper and Mailboy, <i Schoolboy, "1 Leander, 30 Gltsnwond or Handy Atidv. The event was a chapter of accidents, Nipper being the first to fall, then Schoolboy running off. Leander baulking and Dragon breaking down. Further oil Handy Andy baulked, leaving the issue to three, Mailboy (9.7) pressing Corangamite (10.7) very hard three-quarters of a mile from home, hut'blundering sadly at the last obstacle but one, allowing the favourite to win by ten lengths; Glenwood (9 0) being a similar distance bellind Mailboy. Time, Krniu. 15sec. Dragon was so badly injured that he had to be destroyed. PUNTKHS came to grief over the last jumping event of the. gathering—the Selling Hurdle Race, of a mile and a-half—for which they backed Eton at evens against three others, St. Elmo's party accepting (i to 4- about liis chance; Telephone being supported at 3 to 1—rare prices for the bookies. Telephone is a four-year-old half brother to Elsinore, being by Postmaster out of a Hughenden mare, and he emphasised his blood relationship by winning easily by three lengths in Umin. 7sec. THE six-year-old gelding Mac (hy Veuom from Miss Macarthur) eatiie out of his shell at Warruambool, winning the Wangoom Handicap, of six furlongs, with 7st- ;">lb.. in lmin. 20sec., and the .Railway Stakes, of a mile and a-quarter, with 7st ill)!, in 2tnin. 20sec., starting at 3 to 1 in the former, and at even money in the latter. Lord Hope and lilack Doctor filled the positions against nine others in the Wangoom Handicap, whilst Sovereign and Votaress were at the head of five others in the Hallway Stakes. 1 NAVJi been thus prolix with regard to the jumping events at Warrnainbool because the Grand "National Meetings at Fiemington and Caulfield are now within measureable distance, the V.R.C. bringing theirs off on the 7th July, and the V.A.T.C. on the lit Ji August. And along with our Medicines and our Tim Swivellers and our Knights of the Garters and our Poloniusesand our Tilauies and our Captain Webbs and our Dundees and our Comedians there is just a kind of an offchance that some of the neddies who disported themselves last week " where the murphies grow'' may possibly take rank in two or three months' time. THEUE has been a terrible pow-wow in certain gnodv-goody quarters about the " Fearful Extravagance" displayed hy Baron Hirseh in spending a sum of £1200 in entertainiug sixty millionaires at a banquet. And for the life of me, 1 fail to grapple the reason for this thusness. If a person bad issued an invitation to sixty building society directors in the boom days, he would hardly have taken them to the Mechanics' llestaurant. say, at eight o'clock in the evening to back up their carts. And when a millionaire entertains sixty other millionaires lie might well be pardoned if he treated them as became a millionaire. Now, .£1200 for a banquet to sixty millionaires was only a so-so sort of expenditure after all. Wby, in the tune of the lionian Emperors, those of them who were built anyway on the Epicure gauge thoughtnothingof spending Five-aud-twenty Thousand Pounds on a banquet —not to Sixty other Emperors, but siuiply to h-: dozen or so ifriends. Twelve hundred pounds , amongst sixty- one. Bless my heart and soul that ' wouldn't run many " Lampreys from the Volga." &-OTHBK thing: Instead of being rated for his extravagance, as a matter of fact Baron Hirseh should be applauded for setting such a good example to millionaires. If these individuals were to spend a little more and save a little less the world would be all the better for the change. It is the very fact that people like Baron Hirseh are so curt on the accumulating of wealth that they haven't time to spend any of it which causeB them to become millionaires. Was it not " Ben Dizzy'' who put into the mouth of one of his creations the very trite remark that "as a general rule nobody seems to have money who ought to have it ?" Baron Uirsch is doubtless an exception. If his fortune is immense, so also are his bestowals in the cause of Charity. It is a well-known fact that the Baron devotes all the money lie wins in stakes on the Turf to the London hospitals. In La Fleche's year this amounted to many thousands of pounds. Last year, however. Baron Hirsch's representatives were but moderately successful, the sum of i;7o00 only being annexed in stakes. Deeming this an insufficient gift, however, the Baron added another £7-'A>D to it and handed the il'j.OOO to the London hospitals. And the friend ot Royalty who acts in such a royal manner as that, to the poor and needy may well be pardoned if, when he decides upon entertaining guests, he chooses to entertain them right royally. OWIN.S to No Name,the favourite,falling in the Hurdle Kace at Sundown Park on Saturday, when leading half-a-mile from home, and bringing Kapo and Jake with him, a five-year-old gelding named Billy (bylkrgo from X'antippe) won by si* lengths from Brownie (10.11). who was in turn twenty lengths in advance of Extra (11.0) and The Pioneer. Billy carried !)=t. 121b., aud covered the mile and a-half in 2min. 503 sec. COMRAHE (by Sunrise—llap:d Bess) won the Springvale Handicap, of six furlongs, with Sit. ]2ib. in the saddle. Bonny Lass (K.10) being second, and Kama (Hit.) third, five others constituting the field. Comrade started at 8 to 1, whilst Kama last fnlly four lengths through being left at the post when the starting machine went off. HAI.K-A-HOZEN started for the two mile Steeplechase, Broker (by Forest King—Quail) being favourite at 2 to 1. Jumping off with the lead he never left the issue in doubt, eventually winniug by twenty lengths from Gillie Crnabh (!»10) and Beetroot (9.10); time, -lmin. 19.5sec. THKY had fine weather over in Adelaide for the opening day of the South Australian Jockey Club Autumn Meeting, and there was a fair sprinkling of Victorian sportsmen amongst the numerous assemblage. The depression doesn't seem to affect South Australia, at all events, seeing that no less a sum than ,£12,519 passed through the Totalisator during the day—an increase of i-4803 as compared with the corresponding day last year. TOM KEATING won the opening event — the Bailway Handicap—a five furlong flutter—with old (quicksilver, who carried Sat. and put down The Mede (8.3), Contact (7.9), and twelve others by five lengths in lmin. 05 sec., afterwards passing into the hands of Mr. H. V. Crassweller for fiftynine guineas. THE First Hurdle Ka.ce, of about two miles, attracted a field of ten, a six-year- old (or aged) brown gelding named Diavolo (by Robert the Devil, out of Laura Scandal) proving victorious by two lengths over Gipsy Queen (9.12) aud Ebor (il.10) in the rattling good time of :?min. OOJsec. Diavolo, who carried lOst. 8lb. in the person of Jack M'Gowan, is the property of Mr. W. T. Cowan, and paid a dividend of JH) in the totalisator. THERK were sixteen started for the Goodwood Handicap, of six furlongs, and after a number of unsuccessful attempts the flag at last fell to a good start, Jericho, Mostyn and Tinstream being amongst the first to move. No sooner were a couple of hundred yards traversed, however, than Handover sailed to the front, and appeared to bo a certain winner at the distance, wh';.ro»Obarley Foon brought Mostyn up, on which Handover suddenly collapsed, and Mostyn ran home a length ahead of Britisher (8 si) and Tinstream (7.2), Handover (8.2) being fourth, and Nobody (7.11) absolutely last. Time, lmin. l!)sec. MOSTVN was sired in England, but foaled in South Australia, his dam—Miss Mostyn (by Uncas irom Lady Mostyn, by Lord Clifden)—being purchased for that colony by Sir Thomas Elder. Clairvaux (the sire of Mostyn) is a son of Hermit. Being foaled to English time (1st January) Mostyn counts as a four-year-old, but was only handicapped at Cat. 101b., albeit he carried 7st. 21b. He was specially prepared for this engagement by our old friend, Tom Kiely, and as he returned the nice little "divvy" of J£17 Is., it will piss without saying that " Korty- torty Tom" (that's of the old days—he's settled down now) had a fair throw in over the deal. In 18111 Misn Mostyn threw a bay filly to Nautilus, in 1892 a chestnut colt to Gang Forward, being covered by the same sire in 1833. IF the party by the name of Smith who owns Mostyn keeps oa at the racing gait be has been displaying of late we will have to " Barr " him without a doubt, for not content with annexing the Goodwood Handicap, he came out in the succeeding event and carried off the South Australian Stakes (for two-year- olds) with the aid of Cateran (by Neckersgat—Meg Merrilies), who defeated La Cheville (two lengths), Sola, Monastery and Welshman, traversing the seven furlongs iu lmin. :!5j3ec. Cateran returned £9 7s., baing absolutely the worst favourite of the five. THK St. Lsger was voted a pretty fair thing for Principle, but H. A. Barnett's bay colt. Kilistos (by Robinson Crnspe from Bjlissima), won comfortably by two lengths, Fairfield being second, Principle third, Malula fourth and John Bull last." IMmn for the ,mile and three- quarters and 432 yards, Smin. 27sec.; the Totalisator dividend being £7 12s. Tfrouaii there were five opposers to Mr. II. A. Barnett's beautiful mare, Quality (by Neckersgat —Tyropean)—and Tne Sailor Prince amongst the number—for the Elder Stakes, w. f. a., of a mile and a-furlong, the Wheatears stuck to their colours like men, and eventually sent her out a level money favourite on the Totalisator. And they were quite right, too, as although The Sailor Prince was first into the straight, Quality drew away and won by two lengths from Mr. S. G. Conk's colt, three lengths behind whom came Royal Master third, with Broken Hill fourth and Lord Granville fourth ; the nine furlongs being negotiated in 2min, 13 sec. A PONTER'S EPITAPH. " When I am dead," he softly said, " When Death my life has snatched; When with the Stiff «?is I am laid, Iu short, when 1 am scratched, Inscribe no virtues o'er my tomb, My praises do not sing, But, write this simple, touching phrase— ' He Tried to Break the Ring.' " 