Wdkxm Wimlss PUBLISHED DAILY. Euiiuca : Monday, August 0, 1894. Public Service Retrenchment.—This ovoning the public meeting to protest against the retrenchment of public servants will be held in the Town Hull. Thb Echuca Sniiu; Acditorship.—Mr Caleb Vines, who, at tlio last election for local auditor to tho Echuca Shire, was de flated, is again a candidate for tho position. The present auditor is Mr D. Gravoll, of Rochester. Mr Vines will also bo a candi date for tho Deakin Shiro nuditorship. Sacked Concert.—Yesterday the Second Battalion Ringers' Band, under tho conduc torship of Bandmaster W. Haig, performed a programme of sacred musio at the Friendly Societies' grounds. Thero were a good num ber of spectators present, and tho various selections were much enjoyed. The band has arrived at a state of considerable effi ciency, and several of tho numbers wore rendered with fine effect. This departure' by tho band is a very pleasing ono. Destructive Fire. -On Saturday after noon, about tlireo o'clock, a lire oceurrod on tho promises of a farmer named Mr W. Beattie, of Boiloiiu. The building was a sevon-roomod ono, constructed of weather board. On Saturday afternoon Mr and Mrs Beattie, came into Echuca for marketing purposes, and whon tlioy returned they found their houso and furniture, which wan all new, entirely destroyed. Several passers by attempted "to subdue the flames, but without success. Tho furnituro und pre mises were insured. The Bohouoii Election.—Crs M'Kenzio, Ferguson and R. F. Scott are tho retiring councillors in connection with the Borough election this year, but up to tile present only ono resident has announced his intention of contesting a seat, viz., Mr 0. E. Pnscoo. Rumours of other aspiring candidates aro voiced about, but thero does not appear to bo any grounds on which to base them. However, boforo the 9th mat., inoro may bo heard of now candidates. Sub-Tiieabuuy.—Tho following accounts aro awaiting payment at tho local sub treasury ; J. Byrne, A. Burtorichy, D. Davis, F. Martin, P. Martin, H. M'Cullogh, W. Pope, W.J. Wills, T. J. Cloave, Cohuna Cricket Club, J. and F. Nanc.irrow, J. l'reacy, W. W. Moore, \V. Meier, G. Mills, J. Gardnor, A. Palmer, 0. Nugent, H. Williams. Rochester—j. Squire, 0. Swin dalo (2), 0. A. Yeaman (2), A. J. Oliappel, F. W. Oruikshank, R. Nankivell, jun. (2), hi. P. Foely, J.. Stowart, S. Rako. Live Bullocks For London.—Tho stcatnor Maori King has taken 20 fat bul locks with lior other cargo to London. Tho vessel was built for tho cattlo trade between America and England. Sho was hero load ing meat but tho captain caught hold of tho suggestion mado, and has shipped tho bullocks on owners' account. Tho Maori to 5,000 balos of wool and CO,000 carcnBes of mutton, and Captain PriBko thinks there is good trado in carrying cattlo which can bo put pn board at £4 par head, and aro worth from £15 to £20 ill tho British markets. Ho purposes making tho voyago via Now Zealand and Capo Horn., Wo wish liim a prosperous trip, and tho biggest kind of success from tho jplucky livo stock venturo —which may prove tho first;. of a groat trade. Tiie Valuk 01? Advki'.tisino.—Wo take tho following from tho American Paper Trade : •—Advertising ia now acknowledged of prime importanoo in tho management of all lines of business. It braces it up in a wonder fully nttraotivo way, puts life and Bap into it, strengthens and sustains it, and at no time shows its value moro prominently than at critical business periods'. By ho logical process Df roasonih'^ Sail ono doBtroy tho efti catty ttf h'dvettising in dull times. Then, if eVer, is its added support most necessary and- desirable. At such times moro than others is evory aid that will strengthen your hold upon public favour and patronage of tho greatest valuo. It is of importance to bear in mind, however, that to prove pro fitable advertising should bo proscoutod with understanding and in tho proper spirit, DictiENs1 Conversation. —Mr. J. A. Ssla in " People I have kndwn" refers to Dickons as a friend in tho following terms —What ho liked to talk about was the latest now pieto at tho theatres, tho litest oxcitinfj trial or police caso, (ho latest social Braze or social swindle, and especially • tho latest murder and tho latest thing in ghosts. J3o deliglitod in tolling short, droll stories, and occasionally indulging- in comio similes and drawing waggish parallels. Ho frequently touched on political subjects—always from that which was then a strong Radical point of view, but which at present I imagine would bo thought moro conservative than democratic; but his conversation, I am bound to say, once for all, did not riso above the amusing commonplaces of a' very shrowd, clever man of the world, with the heartiest of hatred for shame and humbugs." 