ACTIVE LEGISLATION. SYMPATHY WITH THE UNEM PLOYED. EMASCULATED MEASURES The Government) had nob a happy time in Parliament yesterday. In tho Legislative Council it was decided that the salaries of Ministers and legislators should be subieoted to a further reduction than that propoaed in the Publio Salaries Bill. The Premier when passing on to the Council the Vermin Bill apologized for its mutilated condition. Later on the supplementary Part XIX. Bill waa completely emasculated. Every lnoaibsr of the Legislative Council was in bis Eeat oa Tuesday afternoon to dis 3U8« the details of the Publio Salaries Bill. A largo number of ladiea patiently waited in the hope that the dabata on the ' Suffering Women' Bill would bo resumed, and they were nearly disappointed— indeed eome of them tired of waiting. Nearly the whole afternoon was epent in the discussion of amendments suggested ia the Public Salaries Bill. The firat effort waa made to reduce the exemption from £150 to £L00, but by 14 to 9 the Council negatived the Hon. J. Darling's proposal. The Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin moved to reduca the salaries of membera of Parlia ment by a larcrer sum than provided for in the Bill, whereupon an unregenerato auditor broke out into verse :— Says J.V. to the members— 'Coma under the Bill And ynur moderate screws it will aneedily kill ' Bnt the members in acorn most indignant arose With their fingers uplift to tUeir corporate nose And asked youne J. V. If he ever hart seen to their corporate eye a scintilla of green; And each patriot exclaimed with a snort and a whew! 'We're not such darned fools as to lower our screw.' Although the Labour members strongly opposed the proposal, alas ! for the prophetio eoul of the poet, Mr. O'Loghlin was success ful If confirmed by the Assembly, a oon tingenoy by no means probable, the further reduotion means, in a case like the Hon. D. M. Charleston's, nob that he will ?offer, bob tkat the charitie3 whioh appeal to hu sympathies muati go Bhort. By 13 to 8 the Council agreed to abolish, so far as legislators are concerned, the exemption of £150. Thie means that members, instead of being taxed to the extent of £2 10s., will h»ve to pay £10 this year under the Bill. The Bill was taken out of CommittGe, and the third reading will ba takan to-day. At half past 5 the Counoil wonld probably under ordinary circumstances have adjourned till next day, but out of compliment to the ladies, whose curiosity and patiocce had caused them to listen to oil tho dreary talk in Committee, members waited while the Hon. W. Haslam addressed himself to supporting women's suffrage. He waa referring to the suggested amendment of the Hon. A. A. Kirkpatrick to reduce the qualification for a voter for the Legislative Council, when the President ruled him out of order, and took the opportunity earlier than he hid intended to give a long ruling, in which ha laid it down that Mr. Kirkpatriok oould not move bis amendment, nor could the Hon. J. J. Duncan move to double the number of Legis lative Connoil district*, because the amend ments were not relevant to the subject matter of the Bill. The debate will be continued next Tuesday. The Council has not a particularly attractive programme for this afternoon. Private mem bers' buiines3 will probably only occupy a few minutes, and then the Homestead and Sale of Goods Bills will ba proceeded with. Judging by the questions asked in the Assembly the action of the Government in reference to the diiputed boundary is being carefully watched, particularly by those afraid of playing State funds into the hands of lawyers. Mr. Hourigan, on a formal motion, called attention to the caae of the unemployed, urged that the State should develop resources now nogleoted by private enterprise, entreated the Government to pre« on meaaurea likely to increase work, and charged the authorities vrith allowing tho railway a rock to fall to pieces and tha permanent way to become dangerous. A laugh was created by the suggestion that the Land Values Assessment Bill would, if passed, create a revival in the building trade. Mr. Hourigan threw out hints of a recrudescence of the unemployed agitation. In reply the Commissioner of Public Works waa sympathetic with thb men in Btraita. A large number of hands had recently beon taken on, and additional works would be undertaken at the earliest posaiblo moment. The second reading of the Lake Bonney Bill would ba moved not later than Tuesday. Ha did not believe the oharge against the railway authorities, but to satisfy the hon. member would ascertain the faots. To Mr. Wood he said hon. membera could see the carriages going into the shops, but the Government could nob afford the expense of a Parliamentary picnic. The House allowed tha Government to take the Vermin Bill through it3 remaining itages, though opportunity waa ' seised by leveral members to express dissatiafaction with the measure. Mr. Caldwell, who had cat shown any interact in the passage of the Bill, criticised its imperfestions, his conduct drawing upon him rebukes, at which ho assumed astonishment. The Premier apolo gized for the measure, regretting the mutila tion, bat considered it worth much as an honost attempt to grapple with a diffi culty. Home members voted for the third readme- in the hops that ths Legislative Council would restore to the Bill its original merili aa something more than a mere Vermin proof Fencing Bill. The South-Easteru Drainage Bill does not esoite enthusiasm. Even Mr. Landseer, who at five minutes to 3 resumed thu debate on the second reading, condemned it with faint praise. The warmest supporters ap peared to be the Labour members, Messrs. Archibald and Price, who hoped that it would create woik for tho unemployed ; but Sir John Downer pointed out that it would be a long timn before money could be spent tinder tha Bill, as the surveys were incom plete, Mr. Riddooh regarded the measure as premature, and wanted it con sidered by those chiefly interested. Sir John Downer would only allow it to paso aa a maohinery Bill, requiring a resolution of both Hoo-.gi before any loin wai authorized under it. The Hon. A. Catt ana Mr. Gilbert uttered words of warning, whila Mr. Moule went so far aa to characterize tho proposal aa designed to meet an imaginary want, by an unlimited expenditure in order to popularize the Ministry, who did not understand the Bill. Major Cattine adjourned the debate at a quarter to 5. A very old friend, familiar in debate as Fart XIX-, turned up like a ghost to awaken memories. The Land Valuos Atseasmenb Acb Amendment Bill oomists of three clauses, one of which is to rectify a mistnko with regard to elections. About thia there was no contro versy, bui the remaining two, designed to ele7atsthe 'oooupier' to the rank of 'rate- payer,' caused trouble. Practically ihe Ajsembly wu asked to rescind its resolution of last year. The fact that lor the paat week or two it was known that tho numbers were against the Government mnda the debate tame. Sir John Downer lad off against the principle, which was supported, however, by Messrs. Brooker, Houngan, Wood, Foster, ind Coney beer. On the other aide Messrs. Johnson, Hague, and Aah epoke. Mr. Solomon failing to adjourn the debate the second reading was carried at 6 o'clock. In Committee clause 1, by whioh the olause in the Act defiaiu? a ratopayor was n-pe»!e(), was negatived without ditcus»ion by 2li to l'J, the Government and the Labour party making up the minority. Clause 2 was negatived without discussion or division, and clause 3 was oarried by 44 to 3. The Premier asked for an ' urgency'' vote, which Mr. Ash and othnr* objeoted to. The suspension of ths Standing Orders instead of being abnormal was, they observed, becoming normal. By 39 to 9 the Government wera granted the poor satisfac tion of soiling the wing-robhod Bill puiied on to another place. Tho Ho-.us rosa a* 6.27. Among the notices of motion for thia after noou Mr. MacGillivray has one to add the Port Adelaide Raeecourao to tha exceptions in olause 5 of the Lottery and Gaming Act Amendment Act, 1888, and Mr. Whito one for modifying the prinoiple adopted in accepting tenders for the delivery of country mails. Mr. Foster will entertain the Home with argumants for time- limit speeches, and Mr. Gruinsrer will try to expenditure-limit fchs Government on the boundary dispute. Th» Orders of the Day include the motion to stop the further alienation of Crown lands, and that to authorize tin construction of a pontoon graving dock at Port Adelaide. The second reading of the Oivil Servios Ant Amendment Bill is also set down, m well *s the cow lifslets motion to reduce tha Agent-General's lalary. Mr. Cock's proposal to limit landholdingi and Mr. Grainger'a Hanrkew Bill complete Ihe programme. 