a latter day ghost. ' Br Mas M. L. R.ivxb. ' Do I bolievp in gliostB ? .Great v -r; ; Omar? ghoit, tfiat' Bratas ,»w on tho !'£:% f. , /hroOf the bhttloof Phillipi, answer me." . :y' (', Thqcnrlio it remembrance I hare of super- : , natural things is tho raiding in tho Bible . of tho ghost of Nnmnol, which appeared to tho wilch of Endor, thereby frightoa- ing her nearly not of hor own wile, for _ ' ' ' sho know alio woo qnito incapable of > - producing spirits herself, and was shroud . enough to recognizo n greater power \- /. present. than her own, Boaidcs that, ,, wohavnlind all hind of gho3tly oxper- "f \ ' ' .fences in onr own family. When my brollicr-fn-law's conrin'a bnobarid lay on ;. .. his deathbed there camo three cracks of : ' a whip over tho looking-glass, which instantly was shivered from centre to circumference, and, as tho natio de- ; >' clared, " yon conld haro walked on that ;v glass and it wouldn't bare cracked." : , And when my great nnclo died tho clock 1 stopped of Us own eccir.l, and could noror bo coaxed to go again. There are thoso, 1 know, who will eay ' that iho tbroo cracka of the whip wore preliminary to tho cracking of tho glass ' from natural canses, and that tho old olock ran down, being worn out . with \- age. Bo that as it may, wo all hare a > yoarnirg for tho snpernalnral, and would , .>; rather keep onr gliosis in their unearthly habiliments as evidoaco or tho ragau , .world of mysticism, whence they stray j ' for briof visits to frighten or instrnct us. But I did havo a serious fright from a ghostly appearance which my Scotch ' blood atoncoprononnccd a " fetch," and , it is just as near the scpcrnatnral world as I earn to reach nntil I become a ghost !/,', _ myself and play pranks on my own account. n . Tho ghost in question first appeared ' at a Beasido resort — a farmhonso whore tlioy eked ont their scanty mcana by taking snmmcr bcardcrs. There my . - m.m... nIa Tatltw iw snl of to. f lia -x; ; a dragon of an annt, to whom L. ' she hid been bound n3 Ixion to his wheel As soon as Kato found hereelf freo and abto to enjoy life on tho com- potenco the annt was obliged to leave >V r.' . a hor, oho bocatno morbid on tho subject f: v_; of her dnty to tho deceased. "If I had only boon kinder to hrr, j , dono mora for hor, mado hor life more Vii-'il't'.-- . ptaasant," she wailedi ' ' v....'; n In rain wo told her that she had dono V.-'vi ' erorything.thjt conld ho dono to comfort a cantankerous old woman, and she :'r.. i 'should now enjoy a well-earned rest— 3/ . . she would invariably return to hor self- accusations until oho finally lost her i . ; 'healtK.. Then it waa that wo- prevailed npoa hor.to go down to tho eoashoro, to . -j this isolated spot, and live ont of doors. / . Sho had -boon away a month when I ' ' received a loiter, .snmmoning mo to her ..'sidol . Sheiwas ;ill, and so ohanged I -V- . , hardly recognised her. : ; " It does hot agree with yon hero. . It V' v ' is too lonely.' Yon mnst come homo ' " Mario," she said in a faint,- hollow l voico, "T haro seon Annt Solina." " '< stared'.- at hor without uttering a ij V-,v .. / . << It, is truo. Tho spirit of tho dead , y can cpme' back. I.havo scon her twice ;jv5:.3.V;. — sho 3 looked -angelic — all in lovely ' white — with a veil over hor like a bride." 1 j," ' rl lnnghcd aloud. That homely, \- ' yellow, scraggy annt of hers appearing . l , . :in onoh a'gnlso was too much for me. Bntliawhow deadly in oarnost poor Eato was, and I tried to bo Berions. " ; How did Bho appear to you, Kato ? . In a dream ?" I oakod, oo I m.do room ,, " 'for hor on' tho bench in tho farmhouso garden whore wo could talk nnobsorvod. "No, 'dear, I saw hor in hor own ,vr form, io. tho clothes closot of the room .Ioleopjn. .Yon know spirits mnst con form lo csrtatn psychological conditions \ - -she. oiinld hot comg ihrough tho door, _ ; eo sho attraotcd'. my attention to hor. " Each night an indescribnblo sound like 'f/v','- '-..h clap' of distant thnnder awakenod rao 1 -No ono.olso heard it, I learned from inquiry of the family." . "Did sho'talk to yon? Do yon X:K- mehn to-telt mo that she spoke to you ?" , - I asked incredulously. i\\\i- '.'.'That is tho dreaafal thing about it ! ' I had not tho oonrago to look at hor a t I moment, or to hear her spoak. I saw a j - ' reproachful lock on her poor, white face, ; , - / and — oli, Marie, I must havo feinted, S&i;'JSjfe Tor'when I' owoko it woo daylight, and v , sho was g'ono. There was no one in the : > I t'.Yon iinnglnod tho whole thing," I -vJt/rf.'-tV. v('-Bald; ont, of patience with 'so nwch sop. y-i.-.t 'vf t " But she camo again, tho noxl night. ' . ; -I was dotorminod thot.I would ho strong :v, \ ' and ask, hor to foreivo mo for all the V;.;' / . tronbld 'I .had oanaod her,, but -I' was J.'.'.' 1 alnno and so awfnlly afraid. It was , morning botoro I dared to open the door ' of the' closot and then—" . " ' ' Sho shuddered and looked around " And thou ?" I promoted. " Then I felt strongor end oponed tho sho was thoi;o in' such-" a i\,' ' ' m&rroloiisly; beautiful dross, but with , 'y ; . that samo oad, roproaohful look on hor i ' 'jtacd, and hoforo;I could speak she molted MpiM- " ' ' " ".Yes.. Depiatorlalized. It just . scorned as if sho vanisliod through tho ' n't ' , floor and I— I fainted again." "Tu poor obild," I criod soothingly, I " I ohall sloop in that 'room to-night, t- yon shall .tako tho ono they havo i . .::rtaervod for mo. I holiovo pcr'cct.ly in ,':<r tho thoory of ghostd, hut whon it comes to their actual presence, T am not no j ; sure. -Howovor I would bo glad to sco ' ;.y? ' orcnAunl Solina. Yon know I always doteslcd hjir, and I am a goodhator, hut P'.'. ' if she eaten baok to ba forgiven I'm not \- , r . fiiup bit that 1 trill & irgln her," t ifeK'r I' ' "v.--;' '.. - (vy- . yr-;- - /' .'Ly Don't dear, you . :hart me," said Kato, meekly, ' ' " I hurt for yonr hoaling." I ra- pohdod; " to-night, then, bring on ninr ghost. Oh, by the way, are yon .quite sure this is not a prank of son\e- -no in tho honso 1 Have you mentioned the circumstances 1" " Not to a monal except yonrsolf. I lo not want to be the laughing stook of the hou'c. It is not given to ovoryono to see tho spirits of the dopartod." ' Thank goodness I" "d cjacnlated ferrently. and thon I becamo suddenly qoiot as I studied tho white face of my friend and dreaded tbo aproach of night. Yes, I may as well own it. It was one thing to sit in the opon air and in the eun'ight and besr a story abont ghosts, and another thing to be alone in a atraoge honso at the time when the powors of darknoss aro abroad, and ex- pgpt to see one. It was no proof that there were no ghosts becanso I had never sec ono. My Scotch nncoators had boon gifted with second sight— why not I ? Nonsonso I Tboy lived in a shporetitious age, and imagined things. ' Joshua would never have commanded (he snn to stand still if lie had known it nover moved. I. took my courage by the throat and dared it to forsake me. I slept in tho haunted room. Yes, and I, too was awakenol by that sonnd as of distant thunder 1 I bad loft thd, light burning, and looking at my watch I found that it was midnight. I concludod someone was up in tbe house, and then I distinctly heard a jound in the closet — a vague, muffled, nncsnuy sound ! I nover was so wido nwako in my lifo 1 And 1 was determined thon and thore to penetrate the mystery, eren if I perished in the attempt. Frightened 7 Ob, n-n-no indeed I I ehnok ae if with an ague, bnt that was excitement, I told myself. To confront a bodyloss spirit, an ontity, thn shadow of a substance, an nn- hollowod mirage, a vision, something that neither rested in (ho grave nor dwelt in paradise — dare I op-n a door betweon two worlds and face this thing of wonder p Then I tlir-ugbt of Annt Selina, who kept everybody uncomfortable while she was in this world, and was now 'exceed ing her mission by the saino disposition as of old. My thonghts took a moro wholesome and natural tnrn, I would frestrato tho old dame if I couli. I laid my hands on tbe knob of the closot door. It shoik ae if someono held it on the other sido, and tho door began slowly to open. I pooped. Good heavens I A woman stood there, and if it wasn't Aunt Solina, it looked onongh liko her to lis that antique specimen, evon < tbe widow's weeds, which I saw by that glaace she still wore. Strange to say, I was not as mnch frightened as I cxpcctoi to be, or clso I was too badly frightened to know it, and so, in that balf-nnconscions con iition, I palled open tho closet door to fullest extent, and facing the black-roboi ap- pauuuu x fluncJicu aioau ; "Wall Aunt Solina, what do yon want ?" For a fnl! mioute wo stared at each otbor, thon I began to laugh hysterically, and soon beard Kaioand momlmrs of tho family pounding on tbo door. I ad mitted them, and pointing to the ghost, which had not yet evaporatod, asked tragically : " What does this moan " Aunt Solina 1" gasped Mario. "Nothing of tho kind," I said, dragging the widdow's bonnat and veil from tho black clad fignro, "look 1" "Please be carofnl," said a sharp-' voiced women,- stepping in to the rescne ; "wo do dressmaking, and that's my dummy. T .don't want that now snit of mourning spoiled.'.' .- " Hon did your dummy got into that clo«ot ?" " Oh, there used to be a dumb-waiter there when we kept hotel. I had a wed ding dress on it the last'two nights, and -now this- monrain' order. I just ran 'em np to koop em from being handled." " At the risk of frightening yonr hoarders ont of thoir senses. Yon can have yonr closot and room both, bb we are going book to town ae soon ae it ia light," , Whioh we did, and I am not save that we were not both dieeppointcd at the tame donouomont to .onr nineteenth contury ghost story ; which after all does not explode the theory, though it does show how much imagination may do in ontlining ghostly features. 