TEEAStffig BEiei. A BUCCANEER SRORY. concluded. IV- — More Trkachert. The two captains being once more in the same vessel it was mutually agreed that, until another suitable ship was come across, they should reenme their old relations. Ctesar accordingly resumed Mb position of lieutenant with one reservation. This was, that he should continue to share equally with Flood in all plnnder. The amount of treasure accumulated by the pur was now considerable. Always dreading treachery, not only from their men, but also from each other, it .was deemed desirable that some more seenre plaoe than the ship should be found for tbeir ill- gotten gains. A hiding-place on shore was, therefore, sought out, and a favorable op portunity awaited for the removal on shore ot me most valuable and portable portion of their boards. One moonlight night, when the crew were all below, bneily oooupied in their customary work of gaming and drinking, the soheme wm earned oat. As ususl when st anchor, no watch was kept, and flood had taken the precaution of serving out an extra quantity of rum that night. About midnight all the erew were either dead drank or so far gone as to be totally incapacitated from any aotive in- terference with the project. Ciesar crept forward and viewed the scene Mow, through the open hatchway, with satisfaction. All of the men were fast asleep, except a half-dozen or so, who still a maudlin condition with half-closed eyes. There was no fear of Any interruption from them, and he at once and joined Hood in the cabin. Well, queried the latter, "is all Safer : — i " TVilecUy/' answered Caesar; "the irntaa are nearly all dead drunk, and not one of them could crawl on deck to save his life." " Then the sooner we get our little jot done the better," said Flood, rising. " Yon go on deck and get the skiff alongside ; HI eee about getting the swag' up." The powder magazine opened off the cabin, and Flood unlocked the door and went in with a lantern in his hand. Flasks and kegs of gunpowder were ranged round. Picfctee his way through these, he opened a trap-door in the floor st the far end and disclosed a low chamber underneath. Caesar meantime went on deck, and after drawing the email boat up close under the stern, he rejoined Flood below. A couple of strong wooden chests, clamped with iron at the corners, lay in the apartment beneath the magazine. One of these was quiokly hauled tip andcarried on deck. With as little noise as possible it was then lowered on board the skiff, and the two men. took their places beside it. The painter was then unloosed, and Cresar taking the sculls palled rapidly to the shore. Here the box was put ashore and the boat hauled up a few yards on the sand. The spot selected for the reception of the treasure was at the cliffs on the east side of the bay. Takingthe chest between them, the two pirates made for this spot without delav. There was no putb, and the ground was rough and in some places overgrown with scrub, but in a short time the summit of the rook was reached. As we have already described, the cliff at this point ri6cs abruptly from the sea. About 30ft from the op a ledge of rock runs along the face, on which a few boshes find a precarious roct-hold and existence. When the pirates had recovered tbeir wind they carried -tbeir chest to the edge of the preci pice and then, fastening a rope to it, care- rally lowered it till it rested on this led<e. The other end of the rope was then hitched to a tree which grew near, and both men slid down to where the box was. The rope was then unfastened, and the box dragged to a part of the ledge where the bushes grew thickly. Parting these a small opening was discovered in the face of the rock. Into this the chest was thrust, and fcHhough the opening waB only a few feet in depth, there was ample room. Sifow pieoee of rock were piled in front, and when the bushes sprang back into their natural position, the hiding— plaoe was com pletely veiled. There was no way of reach ing the ledge except by the means and nothing was there to show that human beings had ever been near the place. Their work completed, the two men pre pared to re-ascend. Flood was first, and had hold of the rope to draw himself up. Suddenly he turned to C&sar;, who stood close behind him, and exclaimed : — ' Halloa ! what's up with the schooner ? Look at her quick !" Csasar turned to look at the Mosquito, which was peacefully resting on the moonlit waters of the bay. As he did so, Hood, quick as lightning, ewung himself up the rope ; then, with one foot stayed against the aliff, he threw out the other, caught C&s;&r; fairly between the shoulders and hurled him aver the precipice. It was the work of a moment ; bat whether the result of a preconceived plan, or the impulse of a sudden, avaricious »««! murderous thought, can never be known. Hoed paused till he heard the splash of his "Victim in the water below, and tft" hur riedly ascended the cliffy On the top he lay down and looted over the edge fonsome time. The bottom of the precipice was in deep shadow, and, «w»ng or hear ing nothing, he conoluded hiB murderous work . had been successful. Hurrying down to the beach he launched the skiff, and at ones rowed off to the schooner. Hastening the boat alongside, Hood cautiously dipped down the cabin stair, tossed off 'a bumper of brandy, and sat down to tftinlr. Altera little he got up and repaired to Cesar's sleeping berth, where he found a cap belonging to hiB late comrade and partner. With this in his band he went on dair. Listening at the fore-hatch he found all quiet, ana going to the ride he pitched the cap overooard. He saw it slowly drift astern, and then, running forward, he shouted down be hatchway to the sleeping crew 44 Man overboard! Wake up, there, you flrnnken swabs, and lend a hand here !'' Three or four of the had recovered — gpflfooutly from the effeots of their orgie to JDespond to biBoaUf ana . si half-dazed condition. . Look sharp,' Hood cried $ ' Gasssz's got drank and fall op overboard ! Haul up nie boat and get in, some of you." Three sailors jumped into the skiff pushed off, Flood standing on the taffcail to direct their movements. "There he is," he called to them, pointing astern ; "there he is, jnst anting for the third time ! Full, yon brutes, or youTl lose him !" The men rowed as best they could in ftwr still muddled state in direction indicated, but, of course, saw no sign of their lieu tenant. The cap was picked up and Mmtifinfl SB Caesar's, and it was thereupon that the worthy had gone to the bottom. Thus Aid Hood satisfactorily account to the crew for his lieutenant's disappearance Next forenoon, the Mosquito was gone, the little hay once more deserted. y-— Flood Tbapfbd — "Gesab's Ghost." Two months have sped past, and we again find the pilot schooner snugly moored in her favorite plaoe of retreat. Luring this period she had been enuring about the islands with indifferent success. Some soaring craft had been overheated a plentiful .supply of rum other liquors procured, but no large or valuable prize had Been home across Plunder having become scarce, the pirates gave vent to deep growls of discontent. They attributed the failure of the cruise to Flood's lack of enterprise, and the want of Caesar's guiding tend and conn- -eL The_ captain's position was getting most peearions and uncertain. He managed to steep the men quiet by liberal allowances of nun, but there was no knowing when they might break out in open mutiny. Discipline TP" a the part, orders openly Be& haphazard they .obeyed orders arid had an efficient jpammander in whom ttey; thoroughly believed, things nibbed aloe, pretty smoothly. This check once removed, however, and license became , rampant! making it only a question of time for the in evitable eoEapce and reckoning. Flood determined tins should be his last visit to the bay in the Mosquito. ITia energies were now centred on securing his ill-gotten wealth, and thai leaving bis ship and its crew to their fate. His own share of the plnnder was safely ashore, hot Caesar's— the most valuable portion of which he had nnceremo niously appropriated was still aboard the schooner. It was now his care to have it also securely ensconced in the recess of the cliff. That onoe accomplished, it was his intention to again put to sea, and either ran the Mosquito ashore near a settle ment or seize some other favorable chanoe of quitting his nefarious occupation. The third night after the Mosauifo's re turn Flood proceeded to get the treasure ashore. Onoe more after had set in he rowed ashore in tin httle skiff. This tame he had to content himself with taking the most valuable ooins and jewels, the box bang too weighty for one person to carry any dis tance alone. A small bag was all he could take with safety, and with this he quickly scaled the heightjand dowered himself on to the shelf of rock. Here he found the chest and its contents untouched, and hastily adding his precious burthen to the heap, he again retired. A few steps brought him to the spot at whieh he had left the rope dangling from the Summit. He at once prepared to ascend but, to his consternation, the rope had dis appeared ! Casting a harried ghnoe np the cliff, he saw a man leaning over the edge, pulling it up hand o rer hand. A loud impre cation escaped Hood's lips, a laugh of triumph and derision came in reply, the few remaining feet of rope were dretpi up. and the man vanished. — . l1 100C 'to'torcBconaiimea he had. been followed from the ship by one of his crew. He was in a terrible fix. From his men he knew be would receive no mercy. Both his treasure and bis life would be sacrificed to their feelings of greed and revenge. A Ef'", the horrible thought etrazk him that it might be the intention of hiB follower to say nothing to the rest of the crew, but simply leave him to die a lingering death on the ledge. Either alternative was dreadful to ooetemplate, and throwing himself down on the widest part of the shelf of rock, be cursed his folly for not taking better pre cautions to prevent his movements being known. Here we leave him, meantime, and return on board the Mosquito, where another strange scene was being enacted. When Flood left the schooner he believed the men were all asleep, or in such an in- toxicatod condition as to be incapable of leaving the fore-cabin. On this particular night, however, when midnight arrived, in stead of being all drank as usual, some twenty of the pirateB found themselves still comparatively sober and the liquor all gone. This was a state of affairs they were not accustomed to, and calls at once arose for more drink. The captain, they believed, would have retired to rest by that time, but nevertheless they resolved to rouse him np. More liqnor was wanted, and more they would have. After some talk, three of the crew were selected to proceed to the cabin and procure more ram and brandy. The three chosen were Davis the boatswain,, a burly Welsh man ; Harley, the carpenter, a lanky Scotchman ; and Schneider, a Dutch sea man. Crawling up the hatchway the three worthies staggered aft to the cabin stafrs. Here they were surprised to see a light still burning, but boldly descending the companion they poshed open the door and entered the cabin. A lighted lantern swnng from the ceiling, bat Flood was nowhere to be seen. They searched everywhere, but, of coarse, the captain could not be found. In their mnddled state, it took them some time to realise the truth ; bnt when they did eo they at once raised the alarm. All the other pirates who retained their senses and the nse of their lege immediately flocked to the after- cabin. At first it was oonjeotured Flood must have fallen overboard and met the same fate as Caesar. Soon, however, the boat was missed, and a cry arose that they had been abandoned. Everyone now rushed into Flood's cabin. Chests and lookers were broken open and ransacked. A plentiful supply of etrong drink was obtained, and the pirates to the number of some twenty or thirty, made free with all they fancied. Some gathered round the table beneath the lantern, some sprawled on the lockers, others on the floor. Schneider, the Dutchman, being the soberest man in the company, acted as " master of the ceremonies." He sat at the end of the table faring the cabin -door. Be fore him was a viator-bucket, into which a dozen or two bottles of ram and brandy had been indiscriminately emptied. This mix- tore he measured out freely in glasses, bowls, and pannikins to all who applied for it. Heedless to say, he was kept well employed, I and more than once more bottles were added to the contents. One by one the pirates dropped on the floor dead drank. Some, half drank, fought and cursed. Knives were drawn and pistols fired amidst blasphemous shouts ana yells of fiendish laughter. Soon only about half a dozen of the wretches retained sufficient sense to be able to sit round the table. Schneider roared and yelled like a very demon, and was ably seconded in bis efforts by Barley, Davis, and one or two others. Some, in a —"1" condition, shouted snatches of buccaneering ditties of the gros sest description. "Fill up again, boys," cried Schneider, smuggling to hisfeet, "fill np to de brim. I vill pvj yon a toast, and 1 vill shoot de -»» who does not drink it." So saying, he polled out a pistol and -hud it on the table in front of him. The pirates round the table at onoe eagerly passed in their glasses, all except one. Thin exception was Pedro, the black cook, who lay with his head on the table fast asleep. "Come, wake op, Pedro!" roared the Dutchman. " Wake np ! Ho skulking here, I tell yon ! " and he seized the negro by his shook of woolly hair and raised his head The black's eyes turned np with a ghastly glare, but on Schneider relaxing his grip his head at onoe sank down Main. ' " Vail -kmamftiis -Dutchman, ."yon vUl nottake your liqnor, 'you black tevBI By gar, bnt 1 will make you take it ! Xf you vill not take it inside, den you shall have it out!" With these words the drunken villain plunged bis pannikin into the bucket of liquor, filled it to the brim, and emptied the contents over the negro's head. ri>« saturated his early hair, and xau in streams down his neck and face. The Dutchman's joke was received with shrieks of laughter and wild applause. Pedro, however, was too far gone, and lay perfectly still in his drunken stupor. " Now, " siud Schneider, refilling Ins mug, "ve vill have our toast, boys. Here's to the Mosqnito and her new captain, whoever he may be, and speedy death to Flood, the traitor! Up, boys, up! and altogether. Hip, hip, hut the cheer died away on his lips, his face blanched, and with staring eyes riveted on the doorway, he stammered out in a hoarse whisper — "See! See ! my Gott, Caesar's ghost !". The pirates instinctively turned, and there, sure enough, haggard and wan, bnt gazing sternly upon the horrible scene, was the figure of their late lieutenant. Davis, the Wrish boatswain, sat next to Schneider, and was the first to regain his composure. "Ghost or demon J " he cried, " ni try him with a bullet!'" and seizing hold of the Dntohman's pistol, ' which still lay on the table, he levelled it at the figure in the door way. As he did so the figure held np his band as if about to speak, and at ths same time Schneider threw up the boatswain's arm. Crack went the pistol, bnt' As aim was spoiled. if» bullet nmAiii through dw lantern which fanng above the table. n>« cord was cut and down it rattled. Whsn.it struck the boats it burst open, and outflow the blazing widk. In an instant a inrid light illuminated the cabin ;aydI,bb if jkomfha. throats -of a himdred demons, rang through the room, and Pedro, the negro, sprang to his !foet, his brandy-saturated head in one ter rific blaze 1 How took place a soene which bafllcs description. From end to end of the cabin the Hack careered, overturning tables, seats, and the drunken pirates in his desperation. At last he stumbled over a fallen bench, plunged head-foremost against the magazine door, and the next moment rolled with his blaring head right in amongst the flasks and kegs of powder ! Caesar (for it was the lieutenant still in the 0 sprang up the cabin stairs and rushed to toe side. Without a moment's hesitation he dashed overboard, and as he did so a terrific report rang in bis ears; the deck of the schooner burst hmhSm- immense volume of flame shot np to ' the sky, and the sea around was in an instant churned into foam by a shower of burning timber, shattered masts and broken planks, mingled with which were the charred and battered fragments of the Mosquito's lawless crew. Cassar caught hold of a plank and gazed around him, the only living ojui on the face of the sea. At length he reached the snore and crawled up on the beach as the first streaks of dawn gilded the eastern sky. "1- — The Secret or "Treasure Beach." We will now return to Captain Flood. The pirate impatiently awaited the break of day in toe vain hope' that he might then find some way out of bis awful dilemma. As he sat on the rooky ledge he was witness to the Mowing up of the Mosquito, but, of, course, entirely at a loss to account for the 1 catastrophe. What his tote was to be he could not toll. The destruction of the schooner made things worse. For even though he managed to find a wet either up, or down aairrSp ronrlse'Ti"e'"'waa aroused by a hoarse chuckle from above. Springing to his feet he eagerly gazed upwards, and saw a man's head and shoulders leaning over the preci pice. " Who's there?' he demanded, as the face being partly shaded he did not at first recognise it. " Ho, ho !"came from above, "do you not know me, partner ?" As the man spoke he turned, and Flood, to his consternation, recognised his intended victim — Caesar 1 "Cscsarl" he exclaimed, "is it yon? Alive !" " Aye, still alive, murderer," answered the"" lieutenant, grimly; " still alive, Flood, and ready for vengeance. Ycu thought you had sent me to Davy Jones, but your murderous work failed, and here 1 am to square our reckoning.'' ' Flood eonsidersd a moment. " Caesar," he said, "1 look for no mercy from yon, and I asknone. But as you're a brave man give me a chance. Let me np and we'll fight it out fair and square." A peal of derisive laughter was the reply. " Ha, ha, ha < ' Fair and square,' that sounds well from you, Flood. Bnt never fear ; it'll be all 'fair and square' imme diately !" Flood tried argument and entreaty in vain. Caesar merely laughed at him. i " Well, then," asked Flood, in desperation, "what do you mean to do with me ! Will youleaveme to starve here?" "Perhaps I may," replied the lieutenant, "but when you're tired of your quarters, you know what to do. If yon can't get up, the road down is easy. It's only one stop to the bottom ! But meantime I've a little job for you. Haul out the box.'' This Flood with some difficulty did, but could not with safety drag it along' the ledge alone. Seeing this, Caesar detached the rope from the tree andcarried it along immedia- ately above where the chest lay. There was no tees there to whioh to fasten it so, to save any chance of it slipping over, he gave it a turn round his arm and threw the other end down to Flood. The latter was then told to fasten it to the chest, and Caesar began to hanl it np. It was slow work, for he was terribly weakened by his hardships. As he strained at the rope he drew farther back from the edge, and when the box was on a level with Flood's head he became lost to the view of the latter. Flood at once saw his chance, and spring, ingnp, caught the rope with both hands and swarmed np the face of the rook. The jerk and extra weight pulled Citisar to his knees, and in his weak condition it was all he oould do to save himself from being dragged over. He could not even let the rope go, as it was firmly twisted round his aim. When within reach of the summit, Flood, who was unaware of the rope's bring merely thus fastened, drew a knife from his belt, and, quickly striking upwards, plunged it into the lieutenant's throat. This one blow sealed both their totes. It was almost instantaneously fatal to Caesar; his grasp relaxed, and the next moment he rolled over the edge. Down went the two pirates together. The chest of treasure rested on the shelf, but the two men merely grazed the edge and plunged into the abyss bslow. In his despair. Flood clung like grim death to the dead body of Caesar. "When they bad fallen the length of the rope they were brought np with a jerk whioh nearly shqok Flood off. The chest remained firm, however, gnd its weight kept them dangling in mid - air. Then com menced a terrible fight tor life. Flood made a desperate effort to ascend the rope and regain the ledge. Hand over hand he straggled upwards, the body of his late comrade swinging by the one aim beneath. Bnt the more blood desperately mounted the rope the more he hastened his certain fate. Every pull at the rope drew the box nearer and nearer to the verge. A few feet separated the pirate from the ledge, when, to his honor, the ohest appealed. One desperate spring Flood made for life, and, as he wildly clutched at the beetling cliff the chest toppled over. Half-way down a point of rock protruded. Head-foremost on to this the pirate fell, scattering his brains around. Crash came the chest an instant after ; the lid flew open and, as the dead pirates sank in the watery depths beneath, they were accompanied to their last resting-place by a shower of treasure ! Such is the origin of " Treasure Beach." — " Strand Magazine." 