MY PARTNER'S WIVES. My partner is not a Mormon. So far from it he is-or was until five weeks ago is -a rather plain but very good-natured fc I bachelor. We left New York for the t West a dozen years ago. We were about of an Age- twenty.four-and it was not until last winter that Charles entertained an idea which I did not share. a I first noticed him sitting by our log fire without his pipe Into early December. in I I had never known him do tbts before Later he became absent-minded, I .e watched him narronly, and found that he did strange and unaccountable things, such as brushing his clothing, wearing gloves on Sunday, blacking his hoots, and b so on. At first I thought that as his in- d terest in the stock farm was greater than F. mine, he was taking this queer way of at letting oms see it; but one morning he \- came to breakfast with his hair neatly [e combed, and from that day for at least a month 1 laboured undter the awful appre. hension that his mind was giving way. I took from him every possible care and n anxiety regarding the stook, and to humor re his fatcy I combed my own hair before r, breakfast for the whole of that awful time. d, To my dismay he seemed not even to se notice the ohunge in me or himself. I 1I confided to our man of all work, Bambo, • that he was to hold himself in readiness ! night and day in case anything should happen, for twenty miles of country lay t 'j. between our log cabin and town. He ce agreed with me that "Marse Charles was Ill actin' moughty queer like." " It was just atter Christnas that com t pt ing from the post-office at Linkvillo one morning I heard some singular sounds which came from behind a hoge pile 3f n, wood back of the large new house which Charlie and I had now nearly finished. f Our cabin stood about a hundred Jards id from it. I knew Charlie's voice ; I know Lk also that our nearest neighbour lived a or mile distant. I crept softly over to the in wood pile, leaving my horse at the cabin. he Yes, there was my partner standing in a sort of drawingroom attitude on the out rt skirts of the pile. He had a book in his I? hands. His hat lay on a log near him. as His hair was freshly combed, and he had I or on his Sunday Suit. id I stood speechless with feelings I can. not describe, for he was singing. Tee, I distinctlyrecognised the similarity between the "starter" in the distriot church and i my partner in his present attitude. My an hair rose with fright, but not knowing what sudden turn his mind might take if in disturbed, I waited. He was singing a softly, as if in fear of being overheard. ye but suddenly a familiar strain fell on my ears. "Stay with me, my darling, stay, And like a dreamthy life shall pass away." He concluded the verse with melting n. tenderness, and it was just then and there )o1 that something told me the truth. I La laughed-I roared-I fell on the wood tm pile and rumpled up my hair; I did me everything but go mad myself. Presently I became aware that my er partner was sweiring. I rose and held it out my hand. After a moment's heita-. tion he took it in a hearty grasp, and from ly, that hour I was his confidant. I told him ny over our pipes that night of all the anxiety I had endured on his account. I "By Jove, Charlie, I thought you'd bi gone plum crazy, I really did," I said. "And to tell the truth-" "You think I'm exchanging one sort of h, lunacy for another, eh t" he rejoined ve rather dryly. i's ". Oh, I don't say that; but tell me all about it, old fellow." n3 " And you won't laugh ?" Of "Not if I can help it." al " Pashaw ! if you take the matter in this ts " I'll take it in any way you like I only is- tell me what put the notion in your head." a and then I learned that my chum's ad sister in New York was looking for a wife its for him; that he expected a photograph ad of a girl with sterling qualities by toe gt next mail, and I was to give my opinion of bhtr. The wives soon began to arrive. The girl with sterling qualities was thin, about I forty years old, with very little hair he rather too neatly put up. The accom. nd panying letter described her as good. ng natured, benevolent, not at all bad looking when you come to know her. about twenty seven, and jolly nice al be together. by, Charlie looked disappointed ; Itold him m. not to mind; parhape his sister knew a so. nicer girl. I don't remember how he managed to avoid taking tUe wife with Ssterling qualities; but he did; for an. , other photograph came in due time. This h girl was small, with big baby eyes. "She is -rather litde," wrote Charlie's nd sister. "Her lovely eyes are of a Pt heavenly blue. She sings and plays beautifolly, and is a pertect dancer. I :d. didn't tell her you lived quite so far from town as you do, Oharlie dear. I I thought that she could get such minor or particulars from you." '- Good heavens " quoth Charlie. " Do awyou suppose d has popped the question for me?" sill His sandy moostache went up on one ess side, as it generally did when he was peiplexed or very much in earnest. I "Certainly not," I hastened to say. val "Don't get excited, Charlie-though it would be a queer go to see that exotic transplanted from New York to the wild West. Cheer uop, old boy I Better lack ed* xt time." so. "Than you don't think Blne Eyes will be do?" "Do you?" U "N-?no-but what am I to tell eis ?" "The trntth. None but women who can Srough it should come West. By the way, you've never described your sister to me." len1 "Haven't I? Well, she isn't much to the look at, hot she's good, and sweet-term elf. pered, and capable. If I could find her est mate. I ask nothing better of Heaven." I said nothing; Charlie gave me a oue Orisus look, and then began to talk of something else. re In my partner's next letter to his sister, ll) he hinted very strongly that she was not the to mention his name until he gave hrr leave. Two photographs were the result. \-- One of the ladies represented was very old stout, of evident German descent. Tho 4 other was a rather pretty woman with Sroogish eyes and pouting lips. There was no description of this one, only on the or back of the card was written to 1"I send poor darling Mrs Fee's just at p1- a venture. HLar husband died last week, ne and she is alone in the cold world." The stout woman was recommended e," because she had been twice to Germany and back, and didn't seem to mind it at all; in addition to which she had ton no dollars in bank, and was coming West to visit friends in Portland. "m- * Coming West l" gasped Charlir. to He rcshed to the dcor and bolted it " Look out of the window, Jack, do you ing ee any one coming ?" he anxiously asked. " So--not even the ghost of the widow's dear departed," I laughed. E. " Dou't! yooumake me bshudder. What's i to sie thinking of, I wonder." " a You must tell her to try again, and ab draw a line at widows of less than a at year's standing." uof Doring the next few weeks Charlie re. that ceived at least a dozen pictures; half of te!7 them were of "society girls," who would te not do at all; there was a rich widow of Ssixty. Cbarlie tore up that photograph, sai remarking grandly that he was not for two sale. Then came saeveral plain maidens, ur. each with a mission which she might be t & persuaded to abandon in Charlie's favour, den wrote sis. (I had somehow fallen into Cre, the habit of calling her this). She thought he was very bard to pleass. The maidens lost with a muision were followed by two hey artists and a literary lady, all of severe or " tlud'OPig " uper$, By this time Charlie was in despair. V "Is there not one genuine, old- faa.ioneo girl in sie's set," he groaned, " whose mission it is to make hemo h~ppy-who is not afraid of work, and does not live for society ?'' To this I could only return the usual answer " Better lock next time, old man I" Every time a wife came I otted down the fact on the door frame wih a pencil. Winter was well advanced when another letter came enclosing a tintype of a girl reclining in a garden chair, with bands " clasped and eyes turned heavenward. She o was a poetese of the first water, with no v end of fame and beauty, sis wrote. R " I told dear Aurora (that's her name) how you lived all alone in the wild daisy dotted field of Oregon, and she clapped her hands and looked so lovely that I inmde her have this little tin-type taken in r that very attitude yesterday. I told her it was jest a fancy I had, and she com plied at once. She is such a sweet. tempered creature !" To tell the truth, I felt somewhat sorry for Charlie ; but I had just come in from 3 a horse.back ride of forty miles, and could e keenly appreciate a joke. I hadn't laughed at a photograph (hefore my partner) for a long time, but I did laugh at this one, and the dear old boy threw the boot-jrek at me. The door frame was pretty well marked up when one day a letter came enclosing two more photographs. The letter stated that photo number one was M ss Agnes Harding. "She is not exactly in our set, or rather she has not the titeo to be, for she's a typewriter, and takes care of herself and her mother. She is the very last lady whose photo I bave. I just love Agnes, she's so independent and persevering; she is a good housekeeper and a loyal friend. Photo number two is my own, I send it to lot yo sce how thin I have be come. I haven't had a night's rest or haunted by woman for months. My last and best beau has left me because I had no time to go out while wife.hunting, and all to no purpose, on'es you like Agnes ; and there's the possibility that she won't like you, or liking you, will riot leave her mother. In any case, I'm sure she will not go out to you--ou must come and plead your cause in person. She knows her own value, and is in no huarry to be married. Well, I've done my best, soyou may keep my picture in case anything happens to me." All the time Charlie was reading this I felt the profoundest pity for sis. Indeed, unknown to him, I had long sirce built a castle where sis reigned supreme. In each letter, her bright, sonny nature was revealed more and more plainly. Her mention of her bean gave me such a jealous pang that it opened my eyes to the fact that I was hopelessly in love with my partner's sister. The photograph showed her with a half comic, half earnest frown on her face. She was not pretty, and her hair was just the least bit untidy ; but these little draw. backs only deepened my secret misery. I loved her the better for them. They proved that she was not vain or self.con scions. So intent was I on my own thoughts that I was considerably startled when Charlie broke into a regular double sh ffIl that would have done credit to Topeey, accompanying himself with a real old time whistle. It was ten minutes before I could quiet him, and then he broke down suddenly. I felt an unusual amount of respect for my partner when I saw his big heart for an instant more plainly than usual as he said "God bless her l She's worth her weight in pure gold ! There's only one chance in a thousand that she'll have me, a poor Western stock farmer. but I mean to try to win her. You and I have earned a holiday, Jack, now that the new house is finished and furnished; suppose we leave the stock with the men, for a few weeks, and go east for a visit? I forget to men tion it at the time, old man," he went on with a quizz:cal smile, "but I sent your photo to sis a few months ego, and bte thinks you a rather good looking fellow. Will you come ?" You can divine my answer. Our wooing prospered, and when my partner and I re turned to the West, we were accompanied by sis, Agnes, and Mrs Harding. Charlie found that Miss Harding would not leave her mother, so hbe deeiled to take the old lady too ; and the now house now holds the happiest, most complete family party in old Oregon. 