MY WIFE'S GHOST. BY JAMES SIMSON. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER I.-THE GHOST APPEARS. 'Harry! Harry! Did you hear the door of my bedroom open; and was that not a footfall on the stairs? Do rise and look. There must be some one in the house.' 'Yes, dear; don't bother. There can't be any one but ourselves in the house.' Yet my teeth were chattering all the while as I scrambled, with fear and trembling, out of my virtuous couch. I, Harry Curtis, had been taught an unquestion able obedience to the behests of the first lamented wife of my bosom. Sarah Jane, of large and strong-minded memory, had taught me to come, and I came like a docile lap-dog—to go, and I went like the chicken-hearted fool that I was. And I a strong man, six feet two in my homespun socks! For two long years I had been a sorrowing widower, when daring one of my peregrinations in the 'North Countree,' sweet, piquant, little Monalda Gordon won my heart beyond all hope of recovery, and I bore her South as my bride to my erstwhile desolate home. She had up to the present borne me one of the sweetest cherubs on whom the sun has ever smiled—excepting, of course, the periodical squalls of the teething equinox—and was, in a word, the antipodes of strong-willed Sarah Jane, and nervous to a degree. Still, even Monalda was a little tyrant in her way—l suppose all wives are—and from the fact that strict obedience under petticoat government had become to me quite a second nature I promptly obeyed her slightest wish, no matter at what personal discomfort. Before retiring to rest on this wretchedly cold December night she had regaled me with some nonsense about hearing a creak on the stairs, exactly at the midnight hour, on the previous night, when I happened to be from home on urgent business. Owing to the teething equinox being en tapis, I, selfish man that I am, occupied a bedroom adjacent to that of my wife, with the view of snatching sufficient repose for the business of the morrow. But as for sleep, like that of Macbeth, it was certainly murdered that night if ever it was. Monalda gave me strict injunctions to close her bedroom door and to leave my own ajar, so that I might hear and believe in the ghostly visitant for myself. Very considerate! But I nevertheless carried out her instructions to the very letter. It wanted a full hour of midnight when I got under the blankets, determined to get into a sound and unbroken slumber, oblivious not only of teething children but midnight spectres. In vain I tossed and tumbled about, intent on wooing 'Nature's sweet restorer.' I give it up in despair, and lay awake thinking of my dear, deceased Sarah Jane, and strangely enough won dering if in the land of spirits she knew of my perfidy in marrying a second time, and allowing another woman to preside over the home that had been hers. I further aimlessly wondered if she could actually revisit and reproach me as she would so forcibly and effectually have done had she still been in the flesh. I heard the winter wind howling outside; but inside the house all was as still as the grave. There seemed to be an expectant silence around me. At last I heard the first strokes of twelve from the neighbouring steeple, and, as I counted each stroke, and strained my ears to detect any further sound, I found myself actually breathing hard with fright. The sound of the last stroke of midnight had scarcely died away when— Sure enough that was a creak on the stairs almost opposite my bedroom. I knew the exact step well, for there was a loosened board by the creak of which, through my unsteady foot pressing upon it, Sarah Jane always became aware of the fact that I had come home slightly elevated. Monalda's door also moved on its hinges, and the perspiration stood on my brow in great beads as I felt the night air entering my bedroom by the partially open door. I almost fancied I heard a stealthy footfall at no great distance from me. Chapter ll.—More Manifestations. Monalda's frightened whisper was enough. I was a man—minus the courage that was oozing out at my finger ends. 'It is nothing, my dear,' I managed to mutter from between my chattering teeth as I hurried to her bedside in my nightshirt; 'the wind is making some weird noises, that is all.' 'The wind couldn't walk on the stairs and open my bedroom door,' sobbed my nervous better half as she hid herself in the bedclothes. This was so convincing that a cold shiver in voluntarily ran through me, and I would have turned and fled—anywhere! had not my manly instincts and my duties as a husband and the head of the house come to the rescue. There was not a night light in the room—we discarded it for hygienic reasons—and in my vain search for a candle and matches I bruised my un clothed shins in a most unmerciful manner. 'I am quite sure there is some one under the bed,' again sobbed my wife. Having got hold of a box of matches and a candle I was soon able to bring my visual organs to bear on every corner of the room. I cautiously opened the door of the large wardrobe, and quite as cautiously peered under the bed; but all to no purpose. Nothing of a suspicious nature was to be seen. On assuring Monalda that her fears were un grounded I found that she was somewhat re lieved, and I considered that I was free to make quick tracks back to bed. I calculated without my host. As I turned away Monalda again com menced to sob, and assured me she could not sleep until I had searched the whole house, par ticularly the back bedroom. She might quite as well have asked me to sign my death warrant as to visit this back bedroom—which I looked upon as a neglected, uncanny spot since Sarah Jane's demise—especially in my present state of nervous prostration from fear and cold combined. Monalda's word was law. I descended the stairs with a firm step, but the hand in which I held aloft the light shook like an aspen leaf. The lower, regions had first my undivided attention, but I discovered nothing to cause the slightest alarm. I paused before the door of the back bedroom to recover my breath, and entered with fear and trembling. Before I had time to distinguish any thing in the somewhat dingy apartment my bare foot came in contact with something soft and warm, which sent quite an electric shock through my system, causing me to drop the candle, which mishap was followed by a yell which made my hair stand on end. I turned and fled. Half-way up the last flight of stairs I paused, and uot desiring to unnecessarily alarm my nervous little wife I lit a match and returned. Picking up my candle I found the cause of my alarm to be a big black cat which had entered by a ventilating pane in the casement, and was now making sure its escape in the same way. Pussy had evidently gone to sleep on a large sheepskin rug, and the candlestick having fallen on her back naturally occns oned the ye.l which bo. alarmed me. Here was a nice little tale to unfold to my wife. By sheer sagacity the cat had opened the ventilating pane, and finding the door of the room ajar had passed upstairs, and there being a defect in the latch of my wife's bedroom door pussy had also caused it to open by merely rubbing against it! On getting upstairs, thoroughly cold and tired, I effectually soothed her by this cock-and-bull story, with the additional embellishment that I had very wickedly omitted to close the door of her bedroom properly, so that either the cat or the draught from the open window would sufficiently explain its sudden opening. Not that I was alto ether satisfied with my own explanation, but I resolved to trouble myself no more that night at least, and, readily accepting my better half's invitation to get into bed, 1 was soon Bleeping the sleep of the just. ; Next day X found that I had sown the seeds of a cold and rheumatism, which 1 did not get rid of for many a day. I resolved at last to atop the creak on the stars, by whatever means it was cause I, and I had a carpenter in to make the loosened board entirely firm. On coming home from business in the evening I found my wife in a new state of terror. In company with an old gossip named Mrs. Ma'a prop, she had made a close inspection of the house, and on the floor of the back bedroom cer tain dark stains wore pointed out, which Mrs. Malaprop assured her in an awe-struck whisper was the blood of a woman who had been murdered there some years before we entered into tenancy of the house. My wife beliaved her. This, to her mind, was the explanation of the mysterious noises we had heard, and she was actually in a state of high fever. I tre.itad the matter lightly, and before I allowed her to retire I gave my wife a soothing draught, and soon afterwards had the satisfaction of seeing her go into a sound, refreshing slumber. I shared my wife's bedroom, and before getting into bed I took the precaution of locking the door. Although I fell auleep I awoke with a start at midnight, and to ray intense surprise, not to say terror, I a?ain heard the myster.ous creak on the stairs, and I could have sworn the door was noise lessly opened and closed again. With an effort I turned up the night light, which I had taken the precaution to leave burning, and looked round, expecting to see some fearsome thing entering the room. But no; the room was in its normal condition, and the door was apparently secure as before. The mystery seemed to grow in intensity, and I felt myseif growing quite us superstitious as my wife. The carpenter had certainly made the faulty board on the stairs quite secure, for I had repeatedly tr.ed it, and the only conclusion 1 could arrive at was that the house, although by no means an old one, was haunted, and that the footfall 1 heard was that of a supernatural per sonage. Forgetting all hygienic rules in my terror, I left the night light at its fullest, closed my eyes, and fell into a troubled sleep. Chapter lll—Laid. About this time—early in December, 183—, I had to leave home for a few days; and my wife had become so fretful and really ill owing to the ghostly noises that I telegraphed to my sister Bertha, requesting her to hasten her promised visit for the Christinas holidays, so as to keep Monalda company. Bertha was a dashing, handsome, brave young lady, who repeatedly declared that Bhe had no be lef in supernatural visitations, and I merely shrugged my shoulders when I heard her declare that she would not only put an end to the noises on the stairs at midmtfht but would clear the cobwebs out of the back bedroom and occnpv it herself. On my return, however, a day or two before Christmas I certainly found Bertha happy and contented in possession of the room which of yore pertained to my dear deceased Sarah Jane, but my only pair. •omewhat perplexed, although not altogeter hope* lets as to the origin of the mysterious noises, not* withstanding all her efforts to obtain a due. A few weeks before this an old Anglo-Indian merchant named Meredith had taken up his abode next door, and I now found iv his grandson, Jack Meredith, an old college chum to whom I was glad to turn iv my dilemma. 801 frequently invited Jack to smoke a pipe with me of an evening, and on the night of the 23rd December I told him the whole story of the mysterious visita tions, and unwisely, as it afterwards proved, and that I believed that my deceased Sarah Jane was In spirit haunting the house as a punishment for my perfidy in not retaining my state of single blessedness. Jaok at .first looked grave, but after a long pull jtt his briar-root laughed outright. My friend had a theory, and a most feasible one. Bis grandfather was an eccentric old fellow, and had a notion of dividing the twenty four hours into two equal parts, one twelve hours to be entirely devoted to work or recreation and the other to sleep. Ho accordingly began his day at twelve noon, and retired to rest punctually at twelve midnight. 'Now,' continued Jack, 'you are doubtless aware that the houses in this terrace aro nothing more or less than jerry-built structures; and all that divides tho staircase in your houso from the Btaircnse in mine is a single, imperfectly built wall of brick. My grandfather passes upstairs to his bedroom just as tho last stroke of midnight has sounded; your ghost, who has never taken shape, appears at exactly the same hour. Put two and . two together, and you have the solution of the ghostly visitation.' To remove <i!l lingering doubt on tho subject I proposed, and Monalda readily acquiesced, that we should have a littlo party on Christmas Eve, and that wo should effectually lay tho-ghost by Bitting up till past midnight, Jack's grandfather's clock Doing in the meantime put half-an-hour fast, so that the old mun'u movements might be acou rately gauged. It wanted but a few miuutes of the midnight hour. Jack Meredith and I wera sitting alone, and actually in the dark in the back bedroom, with tho door wide open. A great deal of chaff had been indulged in during supper, aud Bertha had gone so far as to ■ay that it was all very well to sit up for the ghost in a lighted room, as we did not havo the manliness to watch in tho dark at midnight. Monalda at once backed out of this test, and leclared that she would rather remain in the lighted and cheerful dining-room. Jock and I— brave men that we were—declared our willing ness to undergo the test, while Bertha elected to^ keep Monalda company. 4i ' Twelve at last,' said Jack in an undertone; 1 I'm getting tired of this monotonous work. The old boy won't go to bed at twelve to night; that* certain at all evonts.' Bure enough twelve was striking from the •teeple, and I counted: .' Ohe^-two —three—four —five—six —seven —eight—nine—ten—eleven— TWELVE!' There was silence for tho space of .two seconds. ' I told you so/ triumphantly exclaimed Jack, but the words seemed to freeze on his lips. Great heavens! there is that horrible oreak again. Horrors on horrors! I he"ar a distinct footfall on the staircase; and what was the great white luminous- looking thing even now standing on the threshold, with hand outstretched and hollow eyes looking reproachfully upon mo. In my terror I felt my knees knock together and my hair, stand on end, ami I clung to my Bilent and unmoved companion for support, else I would have fallen prostrate on the ground. 'Sarah Jane! Sarah Jane!' I moaned in my dire tenor. ' Forgive mo— ' A peal of laughter and a flood of light on my half-closed eyes awoke me to a sense of the ludicrous figure I was making of myself. Mischievous Bertha, divested of the ghostly habiliments, stood before mo laughing heartily and casting knowing glancas at Jack Meredith, who knew something at least of tho plot; while my wife, bearing a light, had suddenly appeared from the dining-room, and heard enough about Sarah to induce her to tormont mo on that subject for some timo to come. Jack Meredith had in the main been right in his theory about his grandfather; but it appeared that tho old man, finding that his watch did not tally with the old clock in the steeple, followed the time of the latter, and consequently went to bad at the same time as usual. On old Mevedith being told of the story he gave up his late hours, and so fond did he become of Jack's future wife, Bertha Curtis, that he settled his well-hoarded means in equal proportions on her nnd his grandson. As for me, I have never been entirely allowed to forget' My wife's ghost.' [The End.] Viscount Drumlanrig, the eldest son of the Marquis of Queensberry, met with a terribly sudden death on the 18th October while out with a shooting party on the estate of Mr. E. J. Stanley, M.P., at Quartook, near Bridgwater. His lordship had got some what in the rear of the rest of the party when a shot was heard. No notice of this was takon of this at first; but as Lord Drumlanrig did not rejoin the party several gentlemen went in search of him. On coming to a hedge whence the sound of firing had proceeded, the gentlemen were shooked to find Visoount Drumlanrig lying by the hedge, apparently dead. His head was terribly injured by a shot, the gun having, it is supposed, been aooidently discharged. Medical assistance was at once obtained, but when the doctors arrived on the scene life was found to be extinct. Mr. Stanley, the host, was not with the party at the time of the accident, having gone to an agricultural dinner, at whioh he was to preside. A telegram was immediately sent, and the hon. gentleman returned home shortly afterwards. The un fortunate young nobleman, who was only 27 years of age, was a Lord-in-Waiting to the Queen, and had been a lieutenant in the Cold stream Guards. He acted as one of Lord Bosebery's private secretaries at the Treasury, and was identified in politics with the Home Bule Liberals. He was last year oreated a peer of the United Kingdom, with the title of Baron Kelhead, and by virtue of this title took his seat in the House of Lords in time to vote for the second reading of the Home Bule Bill. Lord Drumlanrig had only just become engaged. His grandfather, the seventh Marquis, was also killed by a gun accident in 1858; while an uncle was killed by a fall from *v«» MaKerhorn in 1805. 