CABINET COUNCIL EXT11A ORDINARY. FRv OtTu Spphtat. PRnvnftRAPHIST.l [A. Cabinet Council without) » phonograph i« as defective as an ethnological expedition without; a register of aboriginal tongues, a Dartv denrived of a renresentative to repeat whan hn is told, or a spirit lacking or«ans_ to communicate ite aotivities. Government being too neverc'y economical to provide for all public requirements, baa left: id to Preaa enter prise in this, as in other things, to meet tbs want. How the machine waa introduced into and removed from the Cabinet meet ing hero reportud are mere matters of detail, which, although doubtless of in terest) to an autocrat of a secretive turn of mind, are of no special value to the public. The 'reading' of the instrument is as sub joined.] Tho Premier (beaming upon hiB five colleagues, whose admiration for their chief is notoriously as unqualified as it is unique in the history of South Australian Cabinets) — Hail, brethren ! Behold how good and pleasant a thing it is for brethren to dwell together in unity. The C.S.— Pray, Chief, don't; quote The Book so often unless you intend to square your actions by it. The Premier— Now that Tom's away ' there is no one to dispute with me supra- - macy in Scripture knowledge. Holder's not in it. The O.S. — Is there not just a possibility of mistaken identity with an ancient) celebrity 1 The Premier— Hannah, fion'fc be pro fane.- Abstain from preaching in the wilderness about the fine folk at tho Cathedral unless you are prepared to forego your sumptuous little dinners, sparkling beverages, choice Havannahs, whist, and sundry other dissipations in compatible with locust fare. Keep to Abou. Wo trust much to vour falicitoiiH speeches, which charm the Fossils as they have charmed so many audiences in the recess. In truth, we have all done good work in the country, and if our recep tions were not particularly enthusiastic we have never failed to say they were. The T. — To conciliate and so facilitate I suggest that we the original Itinerant Ministry (expenses paid out of 'un- forseen' vote) should sing at this general conference, after our many travels, the well known lines : — And are we yeb alive And see each others' faoe ? The Premier — I will give ifc aa a solo. All— Heaven Forbid. The Premier — You are as jealous of my vocal powors as you are of my knowledge of Holy Writ. But if you object to my sincing there shall be no singing at all. The C. P. W.— It must not be forgotten that one has baen taken from you, but I am glad, very glad to say — I cannot tell you how glad — particularly as it is near the beginning of a month, that I have been borne again into the Ministry. The C.O.L.— Double the Whip's ex pendituro on lollies, eh ? Pass the bag round, and let us anew taste the sweets of office. The C.S.— I won't Buy, Jinks, that your joy is our Borrow, beoause we are a happy family mom;. The Premier— Inasmuch as 'no man can serve two masters?' If you want variation, gentlemen, I'll trouble Selkirk to express my feeling : — I'm monarch of all I survey. My right there is none to diupnte. The T. — We never had a more able loader, 'a demon for work,' most masterful and sagacious — bo mien say. Tho C.C.L. — Permit me to remark that 'Education' has fallen into a sleep or trance. He has a heavenly face, a Conkling curl ; his expresion ia too beautiful for Parliament. Tho Premier — Like my .giddy young mentor, Hannah, John Alexamder is fond of his 'nap,' but each enjoyait in hia 'several way' at an early hour in the evening. Peter Paul, pleaso whisper in Iub ear that tho Mount Barkar Courier has a slashing article en him, because his poli tical gossip was not up to dato. The M. of E.— What's that? Very sorry, won't do it again ; anything to make my re- election sure. Oh, it's a Cabinet meeting. Beg pardon, I was ? dreaming — : Tho Premier — Apology unnecessary. Never knew you to do anything else. To business, gentlemen. First, no divulging outside. The fear of Charles Cameron is in the stoniest hearts in the Civil Service, and they are sealed to the Press. The T. — Oivil Servants only know the man they have to deal with. A reign of. terror prevails. Sexagenarians in the top r-inks tromble at hia footstep and shudder at his voice. Ho is the Civil Service bojjey man. Ghosts of shunted officers haunt Victoria-square. The C.S.— Even the head of a depart ment dare not grvo tho public the number ? ?? of voters on the roll without a Minister's : . order. The C.P.W. — And a Minister must not give permission without tho consent of the Premier previously had and ob tained. It is a Cabinet of an overshadow ing iron-willed personality. Tho Premier—This ia rank Bedition. Are you running the Show or am I? You noed the loaves and fishes aud I the honour. You can have your reward, but I must hare discipline in order to realize my ambition. What's the state of the narty ? Eh ! The C.S.— I am delighted with the change in the personnel of the Council. My lines have fallen to me in pleasant places. The Opposition in beheaded and otherwise mutilated, the gilded Chamber' ' being now but a Ministerial Echo. The C.P.W.— The Opposition would not have lamented with loud voices if; there had been a first-class political funeral from the Assembly. The Premier — Eh, what's that ! They might then havo chosen 'Major' Castine for a loader. Tho perky little drawing-room soldier actually fired a popgun at me during the recess. , It is marvellous that the kick of the ? gun did not hurt him. I think tha Opposition had better be content with the ills they have than lly to tropical Solly, explosive Jamie, or mild Moule. It ia aa well that my well- beloved Chaffey should bide awee for the handle to his name, for he might be tempttd to come off hia perch if he had it. Suppose Ward should be moved to retire to give Copley a seat, xb another winning Bice available? Bice is a veritable Absalom. The C.S.— We know nob another Bice, and it would be difficult to secure the seat again, while tho ' Liberals' of Augusta and Pirie think more of the Battle of their Parts than of the struggles of their party. The Northern District victory represents an exceptionally wise choice of a candidate, but we had to work the Oracle well to get him in. Foster and Burgoyne wore with us iu that for obvious reasons. The Pramier— We must revive that Additional Ministers' Bill. (Winks.) It will hare its uses in steadying one or two in both Houses who think their merits entitle them to a reward. Let me see. In the Assembly we have through stu pidity lost a vote, which means two to the other side, and makes a. tie. But I have angled to advantage in the country waters. The M. of E.— I thought I was a past master in tue Beductive art, but I yield the palm to the chief. The bush echoes with tho old, old song — ' Charlie is my darling. !I The C.P.W.— Yes ; the Chief can be as sweet as molasses or as sour as vinegar. I pity Larry, the new Whip, if he hasn't the numbers right for a division. Mount Vesuvius isn't in it when he belehes adjectives in such a crisis. With voluptuous lavi=hnees ho scatters sulphuric devastation on friend and foe. Ask McPherson. a talo to unfold. The Premier (loudly and stamping hia foot) — Prattling Ministerial bantling hold t&y; peace or I'll administer a dose of Windsor soothing syrup upon a Governor's ladle. The C.C.L.— I dislike a forward child. (Laughter.) What are you laughing at ? Am I forward ? A Yoice — No, only like 'a parched pea in a frying-pan.' The T. — I am afraid, Mr. Chief, we are degenerating into personalities. Do you know why the Labour party wanted a Singletaxer in Parliament? The extre mists were always blaming the Labour members for not advocating Georgianism, and they wanted a scapegoat in Birks or Proud. To pass on. Can we not give our policy an attractive name ? Sum it up in a word — ''Forward,' and we have something to compel admiration. The M. of E.— 'What's ma name?' If you must have one, it is nob so impor tant to have it accurate as telling. Let it be alliterative. Christen it 'The Producers Progressive Policy,' with special emphasis on the 'Progressive.' The Premier — Doctor, you unite the cunning of the serpent with the harmless ness of the dove. I agree with you. Wb must drive — nay, wo have driven — a ?wedge into the Country party. The C. S.— What bait did you use, Chief, when you went a fishing ? The Premier — For Giles I caught a fly upon the Germein railway route, for Hiddoch & Co. I took a bit of frozen meat and drain pipe, and for MacLachlan I fell back upon a chipping from the blarney atone. The Q.P.W.— Could you not get a picture of the Angaston Railway route to divert thp highly respected Hague ? Of course you will keep the Ivopperamanna Bill going. Have you a pretty lady doll newly dressed which Caldwell may toy with in the gallery and forget to inflict npon the House his half-digested philosophies; 1 The T. — lAncl a boundary contraot to engage stone wallar Ash. The PremV.er — I'll see. As part of 'The Producers Progressive Policy,' I suppose we must in view of the reduced private incomes through low prices for wool, wheat, &c;, permanently increase tho taxation on land and income to supply deficiencies on railways, Customs, and territorial. To cajole the Country party we mast make it graduated ab present, so as not to touch the majority of their constituents. Having once laid the foundation what may noc be done. By-the-way, methinks the Labour mem bers are beginning to convince them selves that after all this is really what their party wants and not an All Hound IncreasB. The M. of E. — I could say something about who is to thank for that. The Premier-nEh ! Eh ! Whab's that? Doii't natter yourself too much. But now what we all have to do is to shed a halo of glory round the policy and make a song about 'Encouragement to rural industries.' 'Voice — Cant. The Premier (sternly)— Who said 'cant?' The M. of E. — II was a faint heart's whisper that it canr't be done, that's all. ('Oh.') The C.C.L.— Don't forget to blow about the village settlements and bow they are settling the unemployed. The C.P.W. (sotio vote)—' Settling' is a good word. Tho C.S.— What shall we say about Bray 1 We had nearly forgotten the inci dent, but Downer and Grainger haven't. The Premier — Talk to Sir John of the impending Conference and the Exigen cies of che Empire. We had to send Playford to Ottawa, and the other matter was merely a fitting in of arrangements. Tell the Country party Playford has gone home not to whisper soft nothings in drawing-rooms, but to look after the inter ests of tiie Producers. That magic word Producers ; it has an unction which 'Mesopotamia' hus, and 'Protection' had. See what we have done for the producers— given a bonus for butter ? The T.— Which has profited the middle man not a little. The 31. 'of E. — Only as a mere accident beyond departmental control. The Premier — And behold what we are going to do — erect a shed at Port Ade laide, take the advice of experts on new industries, and trust to Young, controlled by Tom, to make the London wine depot successful. The T.— Good. But what about the Temperance party ? iBitt stirred them up ?well about the liquor law. I have pro mised to satisfy the agitation. The Premier — You wont quite far enough there We are all temperance men, bat you must work out your salva tion with fear and trembling. You can have plenty of time for it. Couldn't ?we take the reform from Dr: Magarey in homeeopafchic doses, too small to irritate ? The M. of E. — And the Labour party is demanding its daily political bread. The Premier — Here are a few crumbs : Facroriee, Conciliation, and Women's Suffrage Bills, Legislative Council re form, the Referendum, and an amended Part XIX. measure. Tho T. — Will you do something to excise the cancer of betting, which _ is rapidly spreading over the community and eating at the vitals of morality ? In the country the small children save their ha'pence to bet with at the race meetings. The Premier— Eh ? Y/hat's that ? Can any one tell me the latest ladies' odds on the last election cr the next football match 1 Or what are the quotations in the smoking-room that the Ministry will not last through the fourteenth Parlia ment ? No. Then here endeth the first lesson in policy hatching. Gentlemen, we mee1'. again and often to complete the coat of many colours for a short and jcuive session. 