Musical Notes. (lIv I(UTERPLJ The trionnial muate festival held in Beptem her at Hereford, England, while not quite up to the mark as regards the attendance of 1891. was in every respect thoroughly euccoseful, securing to the charity for which it was held something like £1100, and inerodocing to the musical public two novelties by English cony posers-namely, a setting of ianoopune'. "8tabat Mater Speciosa." by Dr. L F. Bridge ; and a ballad, "SirOgie and the Lady Eieb," by Dr. Harford Lloyd. The "-Cradle of Christ," as Dr. Bridge's work is called, in both engaging and scholarly, and may be on sidered the bhst and moast hopeful compositioa of ths Gresham profeusur, being, of eours, specially suitable for Chriatmta music. The Etch precentor has in "Sir Ogie" treated a' gruesome theme with a good deal of cleverness. the whole being musically interesting. Chortl. bodies with a liking for ghost stories will fin themselves well suited in this piece. It seems to the lay mind dlmosbimpobsible fur one person to effectually carry out the, duties of both miniater and organist y yet the' Rev. Mr. Husband, incumbentof St. Michael'ae, Folkestone, who is his own organist and choirc menter, is said to be very aucestsful, as am organist at any rate; although nothing is said of his sermons. Fon the Iet twenty yeare, ii addition to his clerieal duties he hoe played-a daily cathedral service; oqnducted more tb-n, 44000 choir practices; played at nearly 10,0/aO fll .services; and given over 300 reclasls Tlhe organ ennsole is fixed close to the insossa bent's stall, and the instrument itself is am: unique one, containlog seresal orchbetral efleets designod by Mr. Haoband---cnh sa. drums, cymbals, anid hells, worked by eleotbo movements under.he control of the player,. The drums are brotght into antion by ties. organist preesing an electric knob fixed to the: back of tfte sentans hereby hansa tale. One: day there was a strange organst and the urw rangement had not been enplained tohim. Thou, It happened that he had no sooner leaned bank to hear the sermon comfortably than a etartJle uprear began in the reoeasee of the orgnn.' Looking up in astonishment the oneuspeet musician only pressed the knob the harder=: nod faster and more furiouns became the actiom of the deums. This wenton fsr a time, gatili somebody with presence of mind rushed .nIp and explained the secret, no stepping the noise -. the tlmpaninnd the giggles of the nongregS: tion ! The following will beeOf iterestto violininC, Aluminium vnolins art being made, and arb said to yield a great volose of tons. A-speei' men was lately introdnoed at a meeting of. "ocielntits,'. nd played upon by a enmpetenin performer. "Sofme snasleinn declared that, the quality was noqt as good as a wooden one, for solo work, buf that it would prove good 'ini orchestral work.. Ohern ionik the oppositet eideaf the question entirely, .while a few pevi sited that in a few ydars aluminium violinet will be eubltituted for the wooden Instro-i menta." America, of ceoure I ' ' There seems to be same doubt an to the right: " t?mpo" of thel pianoforte eols.plqyed at the. recent competition, and the sollowing explaon-:v tions may be useeul:--Ilosto f the players eid-i nbly touk the words printed in the centre oa, themetronome as a guide, which, however, like; the words "change," "fair," do., on a, barometer, depend entirely an the surreoud-, rigs, and are ametimes qulteostofplape. Xe. music, the charaeter ofthepieee and the words, i if nay, at the eonimencement nerve an a guide., to the "tempo." This piece was marked " Allegretto rorliono," ead I ask my readre t loka up in the dictionory the word initealies. ten'leleoohn was not writing a polka when 6e penned the "Spring Bong," the melody of: which should "sing" like a beauntifully played violin, and the "tempo" of which ehonldbe abaut MM. quavtr=14. I can imagine Mcndelsabhn standing by the: soa shore on a quiet spring morning, listening: to the rhythbnic ripple of the little wavelete as, they tll od a pebbly heath; whioh he hbn co ruly represented with bis beautiful arpeggioe, in his pianoforte song. THo teleerams ahoit the illeoss of the lateu Cear of Russia. says the Darling Dowse Gazette, produced a great effect, it appears, ott one person, at least, in Esbort, who wan anxious to cave so valuabhe a life. Itaeems that ' this person, not usunally known to be public spirited, believed that he could ours the Gear'? of dropsy, becooae he ha4 a brother who bad been cured. The cure, it is stated, ounsisted in , throsting a needle into the ceotre of the Cear's abdomen, " to let out the water " and this was to he a remedy without foil. The posesasr of this valuable secret waited on the Premier with a request that he would at once telegraph this "' treatmeat to Ressis, list the Premier, for eone reason, probhhly from cheer igosranre, de-* clined, sod sent the philanthrepist away in sorrow and anger., Not to he beaten, not to let his greotsecrctrrmoin untried., he went to the telegraph-office and telegraphed it himself,. paying no less titan £4 lOs. for the telegram. A comparison of dares ehsws that the Gear 1 most have died before the telegram racbhedi Russia, hut, nevertelress. the inttet was good, though the treatenott wee net each as to eots-.. mend itself to the modicnl attendaets of the deceased monarch. It is strenge that theo desire cs indulge a hoalhy should reveal a seim of henevolence never seutpected to exist before, end which might be worked to better adean tage. Ma Litke R. Tippios, Master of Mietley Norman School, Essex, writes to the Titeest .--_Will yot kindly allow a schoolmaster a little epaoe to point out one very probable ca!?se or the close oonoo siection between schools end diphtheria l 1 helieve the elates Ito nr?e are -very com mon carriers of the germs which cause. diphtheria. Children very often clean' slates by spitting on them, and still more often lick their lingers and rash out figuree from the slate . . An in fected child may use a dowen different slates in a wenk, otd any one slate may he mosed by a dozen different children in a week. I hart for rome yeara been irai the habit of soaking elI slates in atrong. dieiosfectant whenerer it seemed advisable. i I make each child ctick to oneslate, and prevent any child from putting pencils or penholders in his mouth. Althonoh diphtheria has been introduced to this school several times (the source being in each ease easily traceable and some being fatal) vet diphtheria has not spread at? 