THE SQUATTER'S DAUGHTER. By Harold M. Mackenzie COPYRIGHT RESERVED. Chapter XVI.. .(costisukd). f He knew Miss Borthwiok and Muriel to be fast friends, but whether ho could make a. confidante of tho .former he was , not anxious to try. So making some re mark as to the next dance beginning, led her into the ball-room again. . , After what Brio had heard, he felt there \- and then an inclination to seek tho open air ; to get anywhere from this . gay laughing crowd, which was whirling be fore him. ) The music seemed to shout at him like eome mocking thing ; the faces, flowers, and .. everything, in fact, that gave life , to the scene, only seemed the Anoro to add'to his misery. To leave for Timboora at once was the dint thought that' ocaurred to him, but this he felt might bring him into notice. 'Ho, he would, at least, remain till the 'morning aind tfhen make up his mind. ' As these reflections were coursing swiftly through his mind, he caught sight of Miss Manton. ' Are you dancing this?" he said, hur riedly. t "No, but what on earth has made you look so pale, havo you aeen a ghost V Without a word, ha gave her his arm, and led her far away to the corner of an apartment whioh had beon tastefully de- \- cora(ed with flowers. " Here we can talk in peace," he said. " My worst apprehensions are fulfilled if Miss Borthwiek'a statement proves true. Everything has been in vain." "Well, tell me quickly," exclaimed Miss Manton, " It's too horrible to think of. Muriel Grey is to marry another. God help tho cursed woman who penned that letter." \- His voice became thiok as he uttered the worda, and Miss Manton seeing his emotion gently placed her hand on his sleeve saying, ' Do not believe all till you have such proof as may convince you. Much as I beliove Miss Borthwick to be a truthful girl thera may yet be something to alter circumstances. " . "You were ever hopeful," said Erie, " but sho has convinced me. Why, bIio heard it from Muriel's own lips in Lon don." 1 Further discussion of the subjoot was useless juet then, strive as Miss Manton did to bring balm to his wounded feelings. She thought it bettor to leave him quite nlone for the present, so whon her partner came to claim his dance she arose, and iwith a gentle word of reassurance went out into the bright light of the ball room. . | Erie never stirred the live long evening from where he had thrown himself. ' The musio came and went as some tireless thing laughing at his misery. The flowers around him were .drooping arid dead from the heat of tho rooms, and his aoul within him felt no less weary. The one overwhelming grief of his lifo had as completely stunned him as tho fall whioh be had received ip the Squatters' Cup. On tho dawn of the next day. he made preparations for his return to Timboora. He could no loriger stand the thoughts of raceB, dances, or anything else, and wanted to be quite alone. Alone with ihis thoughts, which, distracting -as they were, seemed easier to bear than when . mixing with a throng of pleasure-loving people. As he rodo slowly along on his way to the station, never did weary wanderer returning from the hardships and perils of /campaign appear nudre completely broken down. Now that strength had returned, and life seemed pleasant for him again another blow had befallen him. Revenge was beginning to rise in his proud nature for the first time. He could have forgiven Mrs. Fordyce even bad Muriel once more been restored to him. But now that this last gleam of hope seemed to be lading in the distance he .cried aloud -for vengeance, at all events, that he should stand before Muriel a guiltless and honorable man, that she ' should hear from his own lips what vile hand had torn their lovo asunder. 1 " Would it be toe late — too late to stay her marriage ?" ; «« Why do I ask myself this J" he mut- . tered. " Nothing that I can do will pre vent it. She loves another." i Tears coursed fast down his cheeks, like 'any woman's. . CHAPTER XVII. SUB 6'AIASI.ltOPHE AT MAPLE SPI,1:0B. The news of Malcolm's onagemeni ' with Muriel had boon given out to th« world. The Society Journals had finished slandering the' baronet's son, and were . rather inclined to regard his futuro in a tobre hopeful tone. Wild reports had beon oiroulatcd re- igarding the wealth of the 'young ' Australienne, who'was to be the future „ Lady Soobold, which caus ed much annoy- ,anoe to Duncan. Groy. Ho liatod any- . thing of tho kind, and flatly denied the report whonover ho had an opportunity, 'and threatened to thrash the editor of a 'certain paper if he did not immediately cease publishing falsehoods. Now that everything had been arranged regarding the futuro of Muriel, and tho son-in-law elect, Dunoan saw no reason Ntny there should be any immediate jfavcessity for returning to Auatralia. He . Iliked to think, although Muriel must bo taken from him in one sense, that a few Ihours by rail would bring thera together again. . The thoughts of living in Australia, |whilat she and her husband wwre in Eng. . 'laud, did not at all meet with his views, land for this reason he took a lease for 'twelve months of a fine estate in Suffolk, where ho could amuse himself with the ' gun and have Malcolm and Muriel to \- stay with him occasionally, i Mrs. Grey, at firot, thought that pro longing thoir stay in England was rathtr injudicious, seeing that Duncan bad busi ness in Australia . ' . " Why, Violet," he said, "you seem more concerned about the plaoe than I ara myself. The seasons are good now, apd there is no cause for fear, otherwise I should be off by the next steamer." The estate which Duncan had leased . was one cf those splendid shooting pro- parties whioh entailed a large amount of expenditure to keep it up in any sort of style approaching its deserto. The owner, a young earl, who had come to grief on the turf, never resided there, for tho good reason that he was unable to afford it. \- ' Hie annual income was so cut down, .what with agricultural depression apd high mterost -to bo paid on the existing y mortgage over the property, that to have nttuiiipiuu to uu so would have hastened IhjB ruuujsTho jronng BP«r Jifli foundji 'jjopd tenant in Duncan Grey, who took a priae in the place, though the latter knew that any irriprovements carried out would not be for his own benefit hereafter. " I hate to see a place like this going to the dogs," he would say, as he rode round with a friend. And muoh good had he done duriug his short sojourn among the tenantry, who looked up to him with reverence and respect. The house was an immense one, stand- ing on the highest part of the estate, from the towerof .which, for miles around, a glorious view of the country could be ob- tained; From the pleasure grounds immediately surrounding the house sloped away the shrubberies, once shamefully neglected, butnbwthatDuucanhadcoraeonthescene, extra gardeners were employed to keep them in perfect order. The tennis-courts, flower-beds arid hot-houseB were Mrs. Grey's especial delight, and visitors to "Lambton" who knew them ia their former days o£ negleot were load in thoir praises of them now. For miles around woods, stocked with game, gave splendid shooting, and Dun. can, who was an ardent upholder of this class of sport, revelled in the delights of trairipiug through turnip fields after the partridges, or standing at a hot corner bringing " rocketers" to earth. In the beginning of October the Greys had taken up-their residence, where Mal colm hod followed them shortly after, wards. The caup-de-graee whioh Lottie fondly imagined she had given Muriel in regard to hrijr love for Malcolm had signally failed. Immediately on receipt of Muriel's note he had hurried to Havre arid explained matters, telling her that Lottie's story was a vile calumny merely to extort money. In her innocence and lovei for Malcolm, she was ready to believe it, and took him for none other than a devoted and muclvto-he-pitied man. How to conoiliate, or rather get rid of Lottie, was a task which proved no easy one for Mal colm on hearing that she had firmly de clined to letve. His teniptatioris of large sums of money were merely ridiculed by her. "As if I am to be bought out arid cost adrift by your bribery. No, men chlr, you will live to rejporit your work arid will see some day that a wonuop cAn strike, and hard too." This was the last time he had ever listened to her. His terirper rose to an ungovernable height, whence, hurling at her all the epithets his tongue could find, ho gave her a cheque sufficient to cover immediate wants and left her for ever. Ab she slowly raised the paper lying before her, she smiled that smile of triumph which so often was seen on her lips. " A# if he can escape me," she said to herself. " I will let him marry ; Oh yes ! we women do not spoil sport, and then my turn comes." Lottio soon after returned to Paris, where she had taken apartments for the winter. She made no secret of her whereabouts, though she did not oars to Be so rinuoh en evidence since her desertion by. Malcolrii. When she saw, one day, that the marriage was to take plaoe early in November, a slight flash tinged her cheeks as she In id atide the paper. Silence Waj her only chanoenqwof making her successful in tbe erid, arid this ehri knew well how to preserve. -- LikA a snake in the grass she lay ) awaiting her opportunity to dart. Malcolm's days were one long dream 'of bliss. He loved Mqriel with all hiB soul, and was her slave entirely, granting everything that was in his power, to make her life if anything still happier, " How often I recall the day of .that horrid woriipn's visit," she said to Malcolm as they wandered through the gardens one morning. "My love, why trouble yourself about these silly ideas when nil is over ? True, it was a fiendish story to invent, but where i« the man who ia .sate irom the tongues of slanderers ? ' That woman is orie of the moit notorious of her kind in London or Paris, and has many times be fore practised the same game:" "Oh, Malcolm darling, I am so thnnk- fnl to think that she left me when she did. The remembrance of that revolver being pointed at my head will never fnde from my memory. Even now in riiy sleep I sometimes awake with a atari and imagine she- is looking down at me with those oruel eyes. How they shone 1 I shall never forget them," " My poor Muriel, it Was indeed a terrible ordeal to go through. Do yon know, too, that the woman was actually in the gardens watching us that morn ing t Yes, that was hqvv she found out, and then directly my hack was turned eho seized tho opportunity of telling her lies, and thought to obtain money from you." "Ae it was," said Muriel, "she took those lovely sapphires you gave me." "No mattor, better she should have those than have injured a bair of your head ; besides, what are bushels - of sapphires beside my sweet Muriel." Hero lie bent down and softly touched hor forehead with his lips. " Ah I will this great happiness always go ori go on for ever 7 Dearest Malcolm, I wish for no other heaven than this. For you always to be with mo,, and wlien death takes one, for the other to be token too." ."Come, Muriel darling, do not grow ad over our love, remember we have onr duties in life to perform though we are to bo man arid' wife. We cannot quite shut ourselves up from the world, or what would it say of tie?" " I suppose it would call us selfish," said Muriel, " but lovers are selBsh at first, and it seoms only nnturql." The pheasant shooting had now begun in real earnest, as each morning a party of beaters were sent before tho guns to search the woods for game. Malcolm was a good shot, and for this reason was always given a busy corner in tho drive, where, as the bronze-winged birds sailed above his head with a laud whir-r-r-r, he seldom failed in bringing them. to bis foet. Muriel would often accompany the", hooters in thiok boots and short gown, when her maroh through turnip fields or even through ploughed ones would prove her to be as energetic as the rest. " I like shooting for its surroundings Sfid not aotually for tho sake of killing," she said, as they sat at lunohoon ono day. " Now how muoh nicer this is than having lunohoon indoors." Well, for my part," said Duncan, " I would prefer lunohoon inside. I can't nay I am particularly fond of beetles crawling about mo, and n risk of swallow ing a wasp in the claret," " Papa, you haven't a sorapof romance in you, and sep nothing beautiful in nature ; why, thio very treo we are seated under is a study in iteelf. How can it be compared to those ugly gum-trees we have boon living amongst all our lives? Somotirnes whon I look baok on the years in Australia' I think it so much i time wasted," | "You littlo traitor," oxohiraed Malcolm, i why, only s few months ago you would J noc_hmt.aj.vqrd enid affojngt tho place, and. now you run it down wholesale," " Yes, I admit such was the csso, but that is the way witli nil Australians, until they loarn bettor. When first they.como to England they hate everything und soo no beauty in anything, -London looks ugly and black, and as a rule they have fow friends to visit, consequently they aro dopendent for amusement entirely upon themselves. They soon grow tired of it, and aro glad to return." But that wasn't your case, Muriel," said her father, "you had a hundred people who wero ready to make life ploa- sant for you, and one, I am thankful to say, has succeeded." Duncan here raised his glass with, a knowing wink at Malcolm. " Oh I I am not talking about myself ; yon are so personal, papa." She blushed a little and looked away. Those were happy daya in the EsBtern County as Muriel wandered through the golden-colored woods, whioh would soon be hard and chill with the frosts and snows' of winter. Scarce a month re mained from the time when she would become Malcolm's wife, and though so short a space, an unbidden thought wonld steal into her heart as she lay awoke in the silent hours of the night wondering if anything would come to check their union, Muriel had believed every word of Erio's letter which had been roceired stating Mrs. Fordyce's villainy, nod, although regarding Erio in the light- of a true sind honorable man, hoped that he wonld not now oome to disturb her other and deeper love. She had loved Eric once, but thus she reasoned with her self. " I knew nothing at the time, I was a mere child. I never knew what real lovo was nntil I met Malcolm." She eoald riot feel grateful for what Mrs. Fordyce had done, and yet, within herself, there was a secret feeling of self- congratulation in having bad removed from her path that one person who do- barred her from marrying Malcolm, What Erio's thoughts were on tho matter she hardly liked to think about. She.knew what a large and unselfish heart he bad, and' how dreadful a blow her marriage with another wonld cause him; ' " " But I do not love him, and life would never be happy for him, or for me either. I cannot write to tell him I am engaged. But he will know that soon enough. It is, indeed, a hard thing to be situated as I aril, and no one can advise me." These were some of tho thoughts that would keep her for hours tossing on hor pillows. She thought that when once the marriage was over nothing could matter than. Erie might come to Eng land if he liked, bnt all talk about her previous love for him would be a more waste of time. Murjel still felt that thoro was ono thorn in her bed of roses which might at any time make its presence felt— that thorn was Eric. Oftentimes Muriel would complain to Malcolm about leaving her, perhaps on wet days, to Bit over the fire whilst the shooters were after tho part ridges. " It'e all very well for you men going off early in the morning and leaving us women at home. But you havo no ideu how bored- wo ge.t. with one another's sooiety," . - . . Mrs. Grey had asked several yonng ladies with their mothers to make up the number at dinner of an evening, bnt Muriel, beyond making herself just ordinarily agreeable, never cared to be long in their company. In fact, whon Malcolm was away from her the world appeared as a blank. " Well, let us drive to-day, Muriel," he said one morning, finding hor in a dis contented frame of mind, and accordingly it was agreed upon. Very many times nfterwards ho would order the pnteton witli its thoroughbred chestnuts, whioh spanked along the quiet highways with no more thought of the weight of the enrringn behind them thai hlid it been a child's. "I'll keep no rubbish in my stableB," Duncan would say, on showing his equine collection to a friend, which was very true. ' And his horses whethor for saddle or harness, were perfect of their kind, and Duncan loved thoro- as if they were his own ohil'ren. " My v.ucience, how they're pulling. My arms are aohing despite that snvcro curb pn Marmion,"'snid Malcolm, as thay . traversed tbo road which led from Lamb- ton to Dullington, the nearest town of any importance. "Have wo much business in tho bust- ling city to-day 1" exclaimed Midcolm, satirising the place which loomed ahead. ' . Dullington bore out its natrio to the letter, lis grriss-grown streets, wide and long enough for armiuB to be marched through them without breaking lino, wore the aamp appearance ovory day of the week, oxcopt Saturday, on whioii day niarkot- was held. Its shops had the same things in the windows month after month, despite tho' rapid changes of fashion, whioh, in this nineteenth cen tury we are so accustomed to. "Well, of all the holes 1" exolaimed- Malcolm, drawing up liis horses, with a scrooping noise against the curb, " this is about the dullest that I've evor been in." "You have always some disparaging remark to. make about -places or people, said Muriel, preparing to alight. " It's the same everywhere oxcopt in your be loved London. Now thero.is plenty of historical association, oven in this holo as you oall it." " Whilst 1 am ohoosing a carpet suppose you go and inspect that tea-service-in the Museum whioh Qneen Elizabeth is said to have used on a visit here." "Hang Elizabeth, what do . I care about the woman or the tea-service," \- 'Malcolm almost bawlod this last remark out, so that t Beveral of the passers-by looked np. - f'-" ' -sV'-v The sight of the trap, horses, and oocupants, was a general objeot of ad- miration as it bowled along through the quiet streotB, making them eoho again with its dunking polo-chains aud clatter of hoofs. "How nice we look in the shop windows," said Muriel. "Well, don't bo- all day admiring your self. Jump down and order your oarpot and I'll drive round to tho Club." - Muriel in a second had sprung lightly to earth, whilst Malcolm, giving his horses e touoh, rumblod np the main streot to what was generally known as tho Qlub, remarkable ohiefly for bad cooking, inferior liquors. w6rn-out furniture, and members whose subscriptions wero long over-due. (To be eontinved.) j > I . I. , . 1 "What gsnrient is this, Maris?" sokes yonng husband, " It is a > shirt, Arthur. I made it all myself as a surprise for yori." ' "How good you > are, darling I" said the husband, tenderly. "Gan you think I'll ever soil > that beautiful ehirt be woaring it 7 Never I I shall keep it and cherish it > forever. I wouldn't wear that shirt down town-denr. tor. a whole .TOM'S. > OAjnrjr,iV 