' FORTUNE, . AH' AUSTRALIAN STORY. BY IVAN DEXTER ^CHAPTER XXX.— Continued. .. Charleston returned: home tho samo day, ? It being understood that Trenoweth would ; make hia way to Melbourno nnd return with . /ft yaihtroven if ho bad to get ono built, - . . ? Ho told tho Ityans about the finding of ? - 'tho treasure, and tho Bad fatd of Parsons. Tho latter had been well known on' Capo ? Barren Island, and the news of his aw.fol death caused general regret. The good old couple did not appear moch . conoomed about the gold, That 19. the (net of obtaining such wealth ^ did not affect thfcm, though they listened in . . wander lo tho strange narrative. ,~v, . Mrs. ttyan, indeed, rather upsf-t Edward by exhibiting considerable anxiety to know \- what hud become o! tho hugo king fish ?-: . winch had startled him in the bold of the Gillthrand. , j... f* Qh, we killed the b'g fellow and had ai . ; portion of him for dinn'or,' he replied. : ' Well, that was better thau to let it die . a lingering death in the ship,' tho sympa \- tlietic woman aaid. . A couple of daya later the Flora entered . the little harbor and Trenoweth bade hia friends adieu. Ho did not toll them what tiia intention was, as he. wanted to give them a pleasant -? surprise. He was entrusted with a message to Miss \- Ryan.and when, a few days later, he reached ? Launceaton, he had an excellent excuse for * silling on the young lady. 1 . ? In lact, during tho three daya he was in v ' Launceston ho saw her several times; and at each interview his good opinion of tho fair ? tiaujr tioa luuicuauu. | . When he got. to Melbourne ho went at k; ? once to his ever staunch friend and guide, K v.Tohn Barr, and told him what he was in m-: ssarch ots j m The genial Barr was pleased v?ith the i K notion, ntid introduced him toa naval friend V ol his named Captain Sch'illz. i'tic latter was a thoroughly experienced nurincr, and just the man to make a wise Hileotion. ' . ' ♦ An advertisement was inaeited in the leading Melbourne paper*, at uing forth TrMiuweth's want, and in less than a week lw fonn I himself the proprietor of a beau tiful little thirty-ton yacht, named Tho Flinders, . ^Caplain Soha'tz also carefully selected a vary .frflieient crew for tbe boat, and ai fortnight after his arrival in Melbourne- i Trenoweth- waa again ready to sail for the I islands. ? lie did not tarry long irv the Victorian ' n-tropolis/fnr after taking a few friends IV the bay he gave ins skipper orders to it Glarko*s Island. ^ yacht was an excellent ana boat and luotialy appointed, and as the fortunate » Corhiahmati reclined on deck as the skimmed aloug^ he oould not help idling his ease aud luxury wilh those of anguish aud suffering when he wt in the parched interior, idenly he started up, nnd going to his , opened hd old portmanteau and took it a carefully wrapped parcel, ng on deck he opened it and revealed pof magnificent silver ore. ? a full hour be gazod at the specimen, his face bore a apeculatively- troubled Iriatmomories did thab lump of heavy |6caHtahim? ley wero ovidently no pleasant ones, for repression on his face wai njt that of. lire; but rather that of pain. Ipoweth kuewin a dim, vague way that Lwub something connected with tho ore j^R3 poignant with consequeuces, but, life of him, he could not ebrystalise ?oughts whiah floated iu confusion iiia oraiu. ^Ht a mystery memory is 1 ^Keuius of man can penetrate beyond Htor system into stella worlds lualiu the depths of space ; it can. harness the ^?g from heaven and make it entirely j ; but memory is altogether beyond ^^Kentist, no inspired investigator, has able to explain the mysterious B of that god-like faculty we call ^^Hd man can sit on tho brink of the ^^^Rd unfold from bia mental treasury ^^Hrama which stretches in a long cradle. He can conjure up in a the events of bis life, yet he it ib done. ^^^^Buii Trenoweth. ^^^^^Aizzled to think why ho could ^^^^^^viding of the piece of ore ^^^H^^Uand and the face of Kalla on him, and yet not be thire WAS a gap, iWTuT inu'r^conactouarcsa iold ho could get no further. With ot up and, going back to his ed the piece of ore. :ko's Island was reached no time placing the boxes of gold on icht and, with Charleston as il was made for Cape Barren Lis of thia out-of-the-way place surprised to seo a statoly into hay, and their to pleasure when thoy found ^^^^H^rof tho pretty craft. many years since a pleasure at the place, and they felt an honor to entertain thoBo extreme pleasure, he found, ' near the pior, that Kelly beside hor mother, wait the cast ho insisted on over his purchase, and lio ^^^? repaid when he saw the do* ^^^^^B^pred in the bright eyes ^^^H|BfentoQ thV JSland and, when ^^H^^^Bhourne, Trenoweth insisted Nelly going with bim to p o ^^^^^?toe eloquent fashion ^^^^^^^Bhoolmnstcr must need a a frotn his ?BPH^mrTTnis he Hrtuntuui .mat. it -wna fully &~Suatter of k ceutury prov^oun, Ed- i i ward brushed tho ohjeeltoai aaidti aa hemp: ! valueless. ^ ^ | ? MrB.Ityan favored , tho young raan?s sug« i ;geBt\on, and between thom it was decided as i Trenoweth wished; i 'Tho trip across was a doJightful one, and i the schoolmaster had not bi»n an hour at sea . when ho mentally congratulated lumstdf on i having been persuaded to /all. m with the i hia frif'nd'rt dn«»rn. .i As for tho fair Nelly, sho waa more than i delightsd, not so muob with the nctv trip, aa she nraa used to .that in her frequent vimta to -Launceston, but with tho prospcct of Beewg Melbourne. ... She had never yofc been across t3io atrrots^ and her wiab wa^to boo the city of whi'qh-she bad henrd so much. * ' . When Barr Jieard of his friend s arrival boihsisted that heand those with himohould all atop atEssendon.and he uncenmoniously removed them from tho hotel where they had put up., . ' ? ^ ? v y OHAPTBU XXXI; r THE OLD STOJIY. As soon aa Charleaton had diapoaed o£ faia share of the gold, Trenoweth dccided to deal -with his portion. He went to thci Victorian Treasurer nnd laid all the facta before him, and the roply he got reaesuied hitn. u Divido the money amongst tho charities, my friond, Tho Government coald not i claim it, and it would be. practically impos sible to find she rightful ownors. Jf you make it public you will have a )ot of bogus claims sent in nnd jio enil of trouble.' Tho authorities At toe Melbourne Mint were considerably aurprised at the large quantity of the precious metal which was \- ilVred them by the islander, but beyond, a formal question or two tbe surprise was not manifested. The gold waa assayed and found pure, thu regulation price paid', and the transac tion ended. Various of tbe charities benefited by Tre. noweth'a generosity, and a largo aura wab kept for similar purposed to bo expended iu Tasmania, ?Neither was Charleston a niggard with his new-found wealth. His tustes wore simple and bis .wants, on Clarke's Inland, few The fact that he was nowa comparatively wealthy man did notseem to have the slight est elffcct ou him. lie was one of thoso tew mcu-whom riches dots not demoralise. It occurred to Edward at thia time to try and ascertain what had become o£ the' par ents of the Nottona. Ho know that Grey had no relatives in the colony, but he felt particularly anxious to huuw if tho old couple who had been no suddenly bereaved of their sons were still ulive. Tho 'missing friends ' columns of the leading coiouial papers were laid under contribution, and in less than a week the advertiser was surprised to be waited on by the couple ho wished to see. Too story they told waa an exceedingly a£f- ctiug one. When intelligence reached them at Ingle wood of tlu* supposed tiagic fate of their eons they i utilised tho little money they could aud a. toff for Adelaide. From'therd they started into tho interior, and nctuidly travelled as far us Mulwa station, determined , to set at rest all doubts as to the fate of their sous. At Muiwa thoy saw manaser Anderson, arid from tho information given by him, aud also by tlio rcmnnuU of clothes and articles found near tlio dKeletons, they knew that death had swept the loved ones for over from them. The kind- hearted manager drove them out to the grave on the plain, and they bad tho melancholy satisfaction of knowing that at lea*t decent burial had been given to the dead. Broken in beat t and with almost empty pockets, they managed to get back to Mel bourne, where they wero making a precari ous livlihood, Trenoweth. told them the story of the fatal expedition, ns far as he know ; and he took ca.ro that the childless old couple should never want again as long as life lasted. lie made a provision for them that placed | them in an independent position, and he , | felt that never had lie derived moro plea- , sure from the expenditute of money. The days went swiftly by after thia with Trenoweth, In the society of Miss Ryan ho seemed to forget nil the troubles of hia life, and he became agaiu tho happy youth he had been vfhen he worked tho Wheal Merlin and his life &ky; had aover a cloud to mar its sun shine. . U.seeined as if be had quite forgotten his promise to Mrs. Ryan to bring her husband and' daughter back to the island in n couple of weeks* time, ? The old man himself, it must be confessed; did not appear in a hurry. to return, and his daughter tooK an aimosc cnnaisn aengnc in seeing tbe sights ol the city. She never seemed to weary, and she taxed the ingenuity of her friends to ilnd her new plnceuaud scenes, How long this blissfiirstatd might have continued it is diilicult to say, had not an untoward ovent happened which caused Ifldward to bring his Melbourne visit to an ond. It was the month of Novomber, and the beauty and fashion of Australia waa gravi tating to thu Victorian metropolis to assist in the prcat racing carnival of the year. Usually staid people seemed fer the month to be afllicted with a mania in the direction of hor8Q*tacing. They spoke of littlo else than tho Mcl* bourne Cup, and the universal topic of con versation was betting. The secular newspapers wore filled with quotations of tho 'odds,' and minuto des criptiona ot the last fast gallop. One day it would be announced that the favorite had a bad leg, and a thousand times more interest waa manifested over the con dition of that horse than if it bad been tho most powerful crowned head of Kurope. The religious journals thought the time opportune to denounce in scathing terms the frightful vice of gambling, which aeemed to have fixed its demoralising grip fast on the hearts of tho people. Uevcrtnd editors wrote columns of these denunciatory articles, and then they actively assisted at their church bnzaar and encou- 1 raged the begging young ladies in their1 monetary assaults on the purseBOf tbe bach i olors* '.u bUangi^tiLna- altogether. Vor the^periodrman bowvd down in worship .to ihu tior&e; and forgot ntght eUo. Ot course, it wna arranged that Trcnowoth and hia friundft ahould go to the Melbourne Cup, aa halt tho population of tho colony was going- to do likewjse, A sclcct party was formed, consisting' of Barr and blB family, with. Treiioweth and his i guefita,. ' . o ? . - The young man, it roust bo said, tbok but littlo interest in horae^rwlng ; and, had ho .consulted his - individual . . iasto, ho would not have gono to tho Flemington courflo at oil, ? ?? ?/ The wo*the?;j£bMhe great racing event of thu year was . all tliat could he di^ircd, i and tho course alono was well worth :^oiu^ I to DGO. „ ' The school Tiaator, aael to tiie quietude of tho isolated island, was driven; almost be. wildered by the ruali and roay of. the mighty crowd in which he found himself aV Fiemington. ' He had never in hia life scfcn nnything to annroaeh tho excited multitude, aud it took Barr a considexable: portion of his time to look after bis elderly friend. .. Trenoweth, of course, devoted himselt to Miss B-ao, and was extrtmely assiduous- in bis attentions. The operations of tbe H Ring M at last at tracted their notice, They had been on the courso for a little more thnn an hour wiien the hrass-thr-mt(M 'entry, who make a living by ' laying the [-dd6,n caused tho pair to pause in their peregrinations. The Cup waft tho next race to be run, and it was on this ovent that the wageriug was being made. - Thu din of voioea resembled the confusion that must have prevailed at tha Tower ol Babel, and it was quite iucomprehensif)Ii: to 'both Trenoweth and Misd Ryau, at the first. As they listened it became raore. intelli- gible, and gradually they wcrp able to distinguish what all the shouting wat about. One man in particular was particular foi bis brazen throat, and Trenoweth gave n start as he heard him called Simpson by ri gentleman who had just taken the oddufronr him. Why he felt any surprise at the mention of that name ho could not tell at the mo ment. It was, as the reader knowa, a man named Simpson wlio married Inez Jasper, but since that event Edward had met a number ol peoplo bearing the name. Ue looked at the fellow in front of him with considerable cuviosity, and the mon ho scrutinised him the more confident hogol that he had met with eome ono who had crossed his lifj. ' Tho face of the bookmaker waa not v pleasant one, by any means, Thfc skilled physiognomist would have n'* difficulty in reading evil in that face, on vice hud marked it in no uncertain man Ho was evidently betting heavily, ns la could scarce iin-i time to book tho nume rous wagers which wero flowing iu on bim. * The deseiiption given by Mrs. Trenoweth in her last letter to her son rose up in Tre uoweth's miud,and to a great extent it corre sponded with that of the man he was look inir aG. Tac difference could easily bo accounted for by the l:\psu ot time and the wild and dissipated lite which the houkmakcr bad led. Then Trenoweth recollected that his mother had said that Charles Simpson was a squatter, or bad represented himself to bt such. Is was quito feasible, though cot at all probable, that the foimc-r squatter had, bx reverse of: fortune, retrograded iir.o a book maker ; hut it was still more likely that the Simpson of St. CoUimbV Cove had falsely represented himself to Mrs. Tronoweth and Inez. If his object was to win the latter it was morally certain that had been aono to gain his point. Qu was- so engrossed in his study that Nelly Ryan spoke to him twice' before he answered her, and he'had to apologise for his fit of abstraction, as he called it. He reflected that if Simpson were really the man he 6U3pected him to be, his wile, if alive, would olmo9t certainly be on the course.' In a crowd of sixty thousand persons it would not bo easy to pick out a single iudi vidua!, but if Inez Jasper was anywhere about Trenoweth felt sure ho would see ber { — even if the crowd numbered more than n million. { When the race was run the young man noticed that bookmaker Simpson appeared ill ac ease. . His face was decidedly pale, and his lips twitohed nervously, as though something unforeseen had happened. For a wonder, a red-hot favorite had won and there was a settled gloom on the facifa of a good many bookmaker?. Their boiBterous demeanor was now sub* , ducd, and it was apparent that many ot them bad been heavily hit by tho result ol ti.u Cup race. Trenoweth and Miss Ryan strolled on to the lawn, and the young lady could not help enquiring what madu her companion look so serious. He was fain to protest that nothing wa* the matter- with bim, but his face belied hi* assertion. They met Barr and. tho oid schoolmast -i on the lawri audTuul just turned away frou them, when Edward came face to face wit ono that caused him to stop suddenly auo utter an exclamation of surprise. Not ten feet away stood lata Jasper, or rather Mrs. Charles Simpaou. She wart staring full at bim, with a pecu liarly sarcastic smile on her lips. She ha-' altered somewhat, but not for the better. There was that indefinable expression in her looks which spoke of tinhappiness, and care sat heavily on hefT For half a rainuto Trenoweth returned the stare of tho woman who had jilted him, whilst his companion regarded him with silent surprise. Then, with an abrupt apology for bis conduct, bo ottered Mi-js Uyau his arm and, with a muttered excuse* turned back with her towards the spot whero bet father and Barr were standing. ?' I believe I havo seen ghosts to-day,' he said, with a sad smile, to bia companion. ?' Twice this afternoon I have been startled by seeing people I thought I kn^w,butit was only fancy.' | As tbe young coupl© turned away Mrs. Simpson regarded them with an eager look, aud remained motionless for soverul mm UtfeB. Then, with a half suppressed 6igb, ahe turned nnd went off towards the grand, &tand.;— To be Continued. W P 21 