plays a13d players- dramatis gossip of the week. Ill' "Tlli-: IT.OSIPTBH." " Tforc wo are again I" — Clown and panta loon, IIarkqtiin nnd columhino and 44 bobby," Care is flung away to the mountains of Laughter drowning everytliioc that's ouby. Charily and children juat now would fill a ICcop 'cm hath in mind, friend, when look- lug fur the panto, 'lis woll, 'tia somoihinff that although tho year 1894 haa heen nono too rosy from n theatrical point of view, its last wool: will boo our Ioc.il houses and huiis open, all hot one. Tho purees of tho people arc reflected in the pay.boxcn of the playhouses, ami evon surviving management have had a tough struggle of itniuce last pantomime seaton. Liu "we'ro not dead yet," and the long-Biifforing and patient pro. is oc- tuatly revelling onco more In the joys o( Jong- delayed rehearsal. What with pautondmcs, melodramas, mnsi «al enmody, and abuudanco of variety thnro is room for noarly all the dunngagod »' anny, and the best Christmas wish lor. them is that the several ghosts may walk without a limp far on into tho New Year. Boauty and tho Beast was a big success at Sydney Lycoum last Chriatmas, owing In o forgo n.03, uro to tho loot that MIsn Nellie atowurt wue tho Beauty and that inembora ? Conno Opera Company supported V? r tlio company will ho doing New Zealand, but a good uU round combina tion has been secured for the repetition of tho panto., and, needless to say, tho mount- teg ffnd drawing will bo first-class. The localisation of tho- book, a most Important tent bnndaa, lnoreovcr4 iu "7 compo- Not an inoh of tho hueo spnoo available th0 UJQl footlights will bo wasted in Aladdin, and preparations on a very extensive scaio havo been in progress for somo weeks past. BriUfnnt BjHistacular effects, and a transformation ccouo well worthy tlio n»mo tho Royal will lie features of the show. I rodatoros j rcmirrisc«ut of more than two other oporao, especially SuUivao's, but there ii nothing oven distantly onproaching GU- bort in it. "What its fate would Jiavo boon had it not boon composed by a Governor and porformed by tho Royal Comic Opsra Com- p»ny is loo uwfnllor noutoraplalion, ihoublosu piutaros were franiad for tbo Just time hero laat night. They will bo rerked into the Sydnoy pantomimo, and N ow Zotland mud come over if it wants to koo them. ApleiuBcito on tho aerloa would be intercalipg. Of udilferont olaaa from Eobo, —.-a uutuixttuio. in somo ox tno othort' a thin faco spnila tho effect, but tlio dying4, soldier looks hfs part to tho lifo. always popular boro, will bo spocially interesting during this threo nights' iuvlvol, with Mi„s Nollio Stowart in tho nan jo psrt. Melbourno hav soon two Alartons, His 7>iario Halton end Miss Violot VarU»y. Both loft little, if anything, to ho desired, but tho now Morton will havo tho advantage of being neither too largo nor too smalt for th .s part. iho Hoiking. a Dramaterialisiug Company appear at tlio Lkinccsu' on" Wednesday nnfl xiiursday niuhts. It includes Messrs Ernest and Geordio Htts-Jslngs, und Mosdam-B MJKopliitio and Ciaijo HoBkiiiffs, Cliocoiato creams can ho obtauvod at tho lolly shop near tlio dross cjrclo obtranoe. Hosklngs is a printer liy trade, &ml; lias often voritrilo- quiscd and conjured at concerto and suburban socials In Melbourne. \Ho went to Sydney lo ir 'op a kiltot, buinp tired of Llclboume, and Mrs Mellon, so to ajutak, woko him ono morning and he fonnd himself famous. Thoro's big money in his sh ow just now, and i« « Prft8i' the fact he will probably open on hi own" in Melbonrne, And thon goon tour. In tlio moantimo Professor Davis Is succosafuity doing tlio tnatcrialisteg business- at thu Waxworks, Tho oxcollcuco of Harry Ribtu'ls' Jonathan Wild ut iho Royal surprised ond ploascd evoryono. IIo may ho sot dov.v as nne of tha most veraatiiu und olover young actors about just now. By tho way, a n«. w actress mado hor debnt in The Golden Giant ? \ edoeaday. She is a d'aufthter ff Arthur Zcplin, tho well known nn?sictan, and her impersonation was marked by con- eidcrr.hlo rcposo. Mis Zsplin is jat six months old. and took the part of too usual rug infant. Tho objection to real babliW on (ho hoards has hithorto beon that they will insist on "gagging." Miss Zoplin diuVt irnproviao any dialogue. Arthur Grconaway makes his first oppcrtf- acco since hln rctiun from America at too "Hon to-night n Buaniinh JI'Coul, a part which ho has ployed successfully with Oral- tan Riggs. Goorgo Darroll runs The Double Event at', tho Opera House from Boxing Night. With uiin ho will huvo an principals Arthur Urcctiftway, James Atliolwood, Frcu Cam- ... « iu«#i.uuii, wiiiin unno, Misses Dora Mostyn, Nellin Mortvno, Lily Brvcrand MreMolyneaur (lato of Sydney. Oa the 22nd or 20ih Inst., Dan Barry will produco at tiio Oxford a iliroo act iar. rical musical comedy entitled "Itond tho Clock, by Mr M'Clilton. The cast will inoturlo Dan Barry, J. p. O'Nefi. Will Wiiitburn, Harry Stoncham, Charles and Will Bovis, O. Solwyu, 5\. ,.0UnS» Goorgo Coppin, jun., Mado Murray, misbcb Alarion Willis, Ii. Sydney, Marsdon, Judo Woodvillo And othors. A very special ballot ami flovoral variety 44 turns" will bo Introduucd Into tho comedy. Ono of Iho Aladdin chorus is tho daughter orauolici-scrgcant who wua ahoTdeacl by tlio Kelly gang. SOhiirloy Cagill having learnt to cycle during the Inst four momtlis, having Iol over 2 t. in woiffht, and Imving ridden twenty miles on Thursday, is about to rc- nppaar as Cornor# Mr Polls, hurled from tho rocks in Freda- toroj, is Squire. ITiggins in Morocco Bound and Lurclior in Dorothy roiled into ono. i n. '!1# Withered Leaves and Sorcerer bcnolit, for tbo Distressed Aotora, at Haw thorn, throe hundred scats were bookod at Allan a hi tho first two hours. Air Norcott. hiiibjod of Misv 1,1ft 0«borno, stngod Tho Burcorer without iv prompt book, Ausujitos Harris is negotiating wllh Atirod D-impinrfor thu prodaotlonof Robbery Unrtor Arms in tho English provinces. If terms itrourrangort, Mr A. Rot fa Dcagert in tlio AInggjo Mooro Company), and Mrs Uolfo (Miss Lily Dampia;) will Icuvofor I'.tiffland early next year. Charles Faburt, who loft for Africa with thn Jonnio Leo Company tho otlier day, I a firat-rank comedian lost to Australia, whore ho never got a fair chanco in two years, ex cept for a few weeks iu Sydney# Ho was i ho original Don Tr.icadcro In Paul Jones bnforo it oarao out iu Louden, und has played ovorything from Shakespeare lo broad furco. lie wants to coiho out again, If ho cim cot an engigomont. Before ho lnfi he told Robert llrnugh that In luul dUoovcred someouo in- auhimiiu who would colipso Pattio Ilrownb iu sonhretto parts, llrough nked the uamu, and Fabort snid, "Oh, you know I'm not your ucent. but what I tell you is nti right." iarliamont— or a largo portion of It— will alt next Saturday nleht at tho Royal in onlor to Assist at tho wind-up of Miss Magglo Mooro's dramatic season. 