NOW FIRST PUBLISHED IN AUS TRALIA. (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED BY THE AUTHOR.) MURDERED AT MID-DAY. OR A GIRL WITH THREE LOVERS. A TALE OF COUNTY GALWAY. SUMMARY OF FIRST 12 CHAPTERS. By SKIPP BORLASE. The story opens in Ireland, at the Galway Hunt Ball, of which Kathleen O’Connor and Norah Dillon are the rival belles. Both love Patrick Desmond, the genial, generous, and Improvident young sqaire of Ballyyally, and Morab thinks she bas tbo fnost right to him because they are cousins, and have been daily companions from their earliest childhood.: He, however, loving her as a sister, pines to make Kathleen O’Connor bis wife; ,and has won bor consent, provided that bo caff obtain her mother's also. Mrs, O'Connor,, on tbo other band, is determined that bnr daughter shall marry Sir John Berkeley, of Garuragb,. a wealthy Englishman, who has acquired a largo estate close by, and has proved hi id self a very bard landlord, for though none can complain of injustice on bis part,* no one cun' say that ho ho bas ever tempered justice ’ with mercy. Ho is a man, in short, who, though not in theloost understanding the Irish character, is more hated than ho■ perhaps deserves. He is now on tbo point of departing with his regiment for the Crimea; being major in a crook cavalry corps, and is going to leave his younger and only brother George, a pale faced -student with a clubfoot, temporary master of Garuragb. Now, George Berkeley loves bis brother Sir John, but ho loves Kathleen O’Connor much more, whom the! baronet, never suspecting him to bo possessed, of such a feeling, begs him lo guard and protect during bis absence from tbo only rival whom ho fears, Pat Desmond. Hero tbeo,~wo have a girl with three lovers, which oiroamsUnco hao givon the eoooud-ticlo • tale. ~ rvr ' : V - ‘ -_Horah Dillon, daring tbo progress of Iho, bill, grow»-W4»»t*»-K«kinloßrt'o’Connor for her. superior loveliness,, and because Desmond’s: eyes are always following her. Kathleen mother, however, has forbidden her to engage herself for more than two dances, and those square ones, with him during tbo evening, bat to give Sir John Berkeley as many as ho desires, Kathleen, during the evening, tells Sir John in a conservatory the real state of her feelings, and beseeches him to press bis suit no longer. In reply, he assures her that how jj’a is more determined than ever to wed her, for her sake even more than bis own, becau.' 9 F&l;'fdk Desmond is riding post haste to rain. fl 9 adds that her mother knows wbiob maff the two will mako her tbo host husband,' an!d that ho will be quite content to win her lover After they are married, if she will not Jet him do it before, rather than she shall shipwreck Ww whole future. In chapter three '.Kathleen finds an oppor fonity of telling Patrick Desmond of heir vain appeal to the English barenot’s generosity and magnanimity, ana that she bolds her mother' in 100 much awe oppose hor wishes. Failing to give her that necessary degi'oo of' courage, Pat goes away to a refreshment room, and woos comfort from a whisky decanter. He is thus engaged; when bo observes Sir,] John Berkeley and:bis brother George coming down the-.long passage to the apartment wherein ho is for tho momeiit olono. Knowing that bo will not be able.to meet tbo baronet face to face, after tho stiitmlant ha has just swallowed; without having an -open rupture with him, at which ho, fools that’ Kathleen would be much annoyed, ho slips behind a heavy window curtain, believing that after they have had a glass-of wine together the brothers will return to tbo ballroom. Instead of ♦■bat, however, they, stand at the buffet' talking of him, and in snob an insulting manner that it causes bis blood to boil. To reveal himself bo knows would be to look like A fool, so bo has no choice but to stay, pnd f jt&so; to all their fine schemes for preventing him ffSi& marrying the girl' whom bo loves, «hd who, .he is Well aware, lores him in. *wa. Consequently, directly they depart,. J* the Assembly-rooms, almost mad uu Afld indignation, and seeks bis inn witn rage determined fhat ho will waylay and bis hor. -HceJoy * on bis road home to our John Bei. - one or. other of them Garuragb, and . . sah, rise. All (his shall not live to see , poking - on at the while, George Betke. p p * ey6nt3 hlm dancing, which bis ola- . $ t hftti from joining in, wonders ho. £ 0 sba .j himself tbo jvlnlo for wishing ... f £rs: , ■ able lo win Kathleen O’Connor aw v J ■ brother whilst he is absent at tho wai. < « . Chapter four describes bow tho ball and the two Berkeleys see Kathleen and b v mother homo. Sir John there bade a long farewell to his affianced bride, axd with George look- horse back to Garuragb. Hardly has ho reached tbo oonffnes of bis wide estates, when they behold outside tbo door of a miserable cabin a corpse, laid out on.araisod plank, with open right band soliciting aims to' pay for its own burying (no uncommon sight in the west of Ireland thirty years ago, or in l Switzerland at the present day). Sir John ■dismounts, and places a fistful of loose silver, tin the open palm, hut tho weight causes tho -dead hand lo slip down, the money falls to tho ground, and a woman at the same instent rushing out of the but, and rccogriising the alms-givor, declares that her dead husband rightly rejected the offering of bid murderer, for that it was one of Sir John’s gamekeepers who shot him dead for trapping a, pheasant, wherewith to sustain the breath of life in their starving children. Sl& John professes deep regret for the occurrence, and promises that the widow and the orphans shall bo duly cared for. But the woman will accept of. nothing from bis hands, and in her character of a local prophetess,, or wise women, fore tells his future in tbo following words, to wit—. Abat one is at that moment waiting to shad lfi« bloody that the girl ho loves will bo murdered At God's very alter-; and that bis brother whom he -trusts (and how long will bo trust; him, she effects scornfully to wonder), will be suffocated ben oat litJvj enrolling bog of Ardmobr, owjng his .death £0 connivance, if not to bis very faaudj &c.; . ’ in chapter five, finding that (ho excited cretin re will neither Ira comforted nor the two brothers ride bn, when lo*! atitbo first turn of tho road, the wise woman's first prediction becomes verified,, for' there is tbo a Irish' squire,' Pat Desmond, sitting on >aok, pistol in band; .waiting his rival’s appearance. When Sir John Berkeley comes up with him ho offers- Jb|m -tbo other bolster. Sistol. and insietaJUjpbn a duet to tbo death, at Sir John good-temporodJy declare* that as; tho party he. has ithoAhqioo of weapons, nndtboir stent huntingwldpwj) IjiirW iar better ones than pistols. Diamond atlast -consents to this mode ofsottllngtho dispute,. «nd in a few'minutes Is knocked stunned nod] bleeding from hissaddlotothe ground; Sir . -John then rides homeward*, bidding . his brohcr stay behind and bring Pat Desmond to his senses with tbu help of His brandy flask. ' Having succeeded in this, Georgo remounts, and overtakes his brother as he is passing the Bog of Acdniohr, whoso inky flood, after remaining ' quiescent for many years, is said to have commenced to roll afresh, at the rate of, o. yard or so an hour. The next morning Sir' John Berkeley joins his regiment and starts for tho Crimea, leaving ins brother Georgo the protector of bis hotroihodj and, os the latter believes and hopes, the arbiter of her destiny. An Intbjival op Nearly Two Ybaks. The news arrives-at'Galway that tho war is over, and that Sir .John Berkeley is returning homo a colonel, and the winner of tho Vic toria Cross, though be has loft his right hand .behind him at Balaclava. Kathleen O’Con nor, still loving Pat .Desmond, takes quick alarm at this, and begs her mother-nol to insist on her marrying the baronet. Mrs. O’Connor declares, however, that if she does not wed him there is nothing; bat tho direst poverty, and disgrace before Thom, for that of late they have boon living wholly on; credit, and the credit has been given on the-strength of Kathleen’s engagement to the rich English landowner. To. save her 1 parent from dis grace, tho daughter then consents to the .dreaded sacrifice, and.says she will marry Sir John whenever her mother ..wishes. At this juncture George Berkeley arrives at tho cot tage, and asks.Kathleen to take a walk with him. .By the side of Lough Corrib bo tells -her that bo gloves her twice as dearly as his . brother docs, and’basoeohes bor to marry-him; instead. Frightened at his"vehemence, and tho disclosure of a passion which she had never oven suspected, she trios to leave him, but be detains her by force, declaring that she shall hear him to an end; bat at that instant Georgo is lifted off the ground and hurled into the lake, by Sir John Berkeley, who has. arrived at Galway two days before ho was expected, and upon being told by Mrs, O’Connor in which direction his brother and his betrothed intended to walk/' has followed them and reached tho lough, side In time to hear much and see all. In chapter cloven George Berkeley scrambles out of the ioagbj and Sir John orders him off homo, bidding him put on dry clothes os soon as possible. George obeys, slowly, sullenly, and uttering vague threats as ho goes. Kathleen then pleads on his behalf, telling Sir John how ho has ground down the tenants his absence, in order to be able to send him the wherewithal to food and clothe his gallant soldiers in the Crimea, upon the almost total collapse of the Commissariat department, and how the wretched tenants have grown, to hate him, so that some of them t)ave even threatened to shoot him for what they have considered his merciless severity. At last Sir John promises to make friends with his brother, if the latter will only allow it, and that in any case the sun ’Shall not go down with his own wrath. Then he sees Kathleen homo, and on their way they meet Desmond and bis cousin, Norah Dillon, out riding together. Doamoad tolls Sir John obconly that bo is glad to see him safe homo again, and Norah regards Kathleen, at least so the latter thinks, as though she bud won Pat away from her.' In chapter twelve Sir John returns to Garuragb, but George does not appear to welcome him, nor will ho join him at the dinner table. Ho does so afterwards, how- . over, and asks his brother tb give him Kathleen O’Connor and half his fortune to creditably support her as bis (George’s) wife. Sir John laughs to scorn what ho considers to he a most cool and oven impudent proposal, whereupon his brother informs him that instead of half his fortune ho could, if ho liked, take tho whole, and bis title as well, for that a certain Dublin doctor called O’Dwyor is able to prove that ho (Sir John) was born previous to tho marriage of thoir parents, and bos offered to do so in considera tion of a thousand pounds, the money to bo paid only in tho evont of his succeeding, George Berkeley declares, however, that bo only wants Kathleen and sufficient means to provide her with every comfort and a few luxuries in addition. Sir John, whom those revelations, backed up by such a demand, have had a terrible effect on, though bo admirably conceals his emotion, says bo will take tho night to think over the matter, and that ho ; shall spend-the greater part of it out of doors with bis gun, because ho feels that an.affray with- poachers would do. him a grent more good than harni; /Ho -wishes bisr TTrotbor Qeorgo him that” he can’t-bring himself to shako" hands - with •Uhn-you' ’ CHAPTER XVI. Day had dawned ore Sir John Berkeley returned home, pale, haggard, and evidently much perturbed in mind. The servants, most of whom were down stairs, and had already begun their daily round of work, stared at him in wonder as he strode in at the open ball-door, recovered himself as though with difficulty after stu.vibling over a piled-up heap ot mats that had just been shaken, and, without tin least acknowledgment of their obsequious greetings, or even seem ing to be aware of their presence, hurried past them,, entered the libary and slammed its door behind him. Rapid as had been his transit, however, they all observed the condition that he was in—the pallor of his face, the wild ness of his eyes, the muddy, and, in places, torn and rent state of his .apparel, as also i hat ho carried a gun in his single hand, a weapon which it was known that he could load, take deadly aim with, and fire, just, or at all events very nearly as well, os though lie was still possessed of two. Some of them noticed even more than all this, to wit, that the cocks were hard down on both nipples (for the gun was a light doable barrelled one), and that the small, delicate-looking hand which carried it was bloody. They, seemingly, did not dare to make any comments thereon aloud, but some of the male domestics looked at each other enough to say “ He’s been shotting some poor starving wretch for attempt-, ing to keep body and soul together by poaching a hare or a rabbit, a'd the magistrates won’t be so hard on him for. doing it as they would on the likes of us forgiving away .oven the broken victuals to the famishing children without his leave.” Whilst they.were thus meditating, and looking the Hatred which they didn’t think it prudent even to whisper to each other, for there is believed to bo a “cornuy. Jng. spy and traitor’’ in every such Irish household, Sir John Berkeley w-is pacing up an'* .do*™ bis spacious library like a man demV’^d. If he had out C® 8 the night before in that very roonf 1»« Had tol-l his brother that he should), in order all the better and sooner to combat and to conquer his thou freely owned to passionate,and even vindictive feelings, he apparently, bad either not succeeded even in abating th<-m by so much as the smallest fraction'/ or else he had gotten in their stead an ag my of min'd, which was still harder to endure: for, as he strode up and down the roomy chamber, much as a newly- caught wild beast stalks up and do.w'n the narrow confines cage, his w-ell- kpit and stalwart form seemed actually to vibrato with the intensity of the passion -tHat raoked him, hit lips were continually ot a tremble, his gaze ever wandering, yet turning.awgy with a weary expression of disgust from every object that alighted on, , whilst ever ftj>d anon he would murmur, or rather mu:ter to Himself some such disjointed and apparently ngonfsed ut terance r as“ Murdered by l»l« own brothdf” —, u Murdered by his own and only brother legitimate by the illegitimate Oh God I it is more Hian l Hear without going mad—mad -T-mudf-' So he went on, lor at a couple pf hours, never once sitting dojyn, t£reo and almost worn out with fatigue though lip looked, when suddenly the breakfast bell commenced to ring. f | ffn seemed to regard it as a welcome .sound, £nd, without paying the; least attention tp ,® fcfcir( V or apparently, being even cognisant jpf 'Jfact that biV •solitary hand was He ppeneijl I'pio study door and hurried away to the breakfast room, as though he felt cortaia of finding there someone whom he was very anxious to see. HEis face fell as ho entered tho, some, what gloomy and heavy . furnished chamber, and found it unoccupied save by the servant who had just placed, the last dish upon the table. , j “Eh, what, isn’t my brother George I downstairs yet?” he exclaimed in a; petulant tone. “ I don’t think so, Sir John. None of us have seen him about,” answered the man, staring in ,his amazement hard at his master, whom he had never seen prepare to sit down to a meal iu such a condition of not to say of dirt, before. The usually proud and haughty baronet seemed to quail before that evidently wondering regard, but with a forced smile upon his face ho said : “■Well, go upstairs to his room, and tell hiin from me that hot devilled kidneys wait for no man.” “ That the devil waits for no man ? Yes, Sir John, ” answered the servant, who hadn’t exactly caught what, his' master had uttered .;.and, looking more, suprised than ever, he hurried away on his mission. Presently he returned with a perfectly blank expression of countenance, and exo’aimed— “ Mr George isn’t in his room, Sir John. I knocked at his door three times, and, receiving no answer 1 made bold to walk in. Once inside I preceived that the window was wide open, and ihat his bed hadn’t been slept on. There was a wee bit o’ scribbled on paper lying on his dressing-table, kept down by his brush, which I've made howld to bring down to yer honor, thinking as how it might ex plain matters.” “ You haven’t dared to read it, you rascal ?” stuttered his master excitedly. “ I hope I know ray place better than oven to wish to do such a mane and dirty, action, Sir John. And sure what should I have g dned by so far forgetting myself, seeing that it’s about nothing at all, except his going away and perhaps not coming back any more, dear young gintleman ?” was tho indignant rejoinder. Sir John Berkeley took no notice, or at all events no heed, of the admissions which the servant had unwittingly lot slip in contradiction to his own assertions, but impatiently snatching tho piece of paper out of his band, at once mastered its contents, , which our readers are already aware ran as follows :—“ Should Lnot return, marry,.Katie O’Connor, and make her as good a husband os I should have done.—Q.B.” The baronet certainly showed traces of surprise at what he read, which, under the circumstances, was most natural; but he also exhibited symptpns of gratification —intense gratification that -bordered even upon delight, and which the servant man, ■ who had read every written word himself, and was watching his, master’s face closely and keenly in consequence, though very strange indeed. True, Sir John mastered his emotions and their expression almost immediately ; bat iu doing so he had merely locked the stable door after tho horse was stolon ; or, in other word-', after he had afforded ample material for gossip and surmise in the servants’ hall ; nor did what he now any, respect, as .-..anj antidote to look. - ■■ l ' ' “ Milos, ” it. was “ my brother has gone away in a tiff, and when he will makeup His mind to come back only himself knows. He and I had a few words what I may call a family quarrel !—lost evening, and whilst X was-so incensed at what he said that I wandered about all nightj seeking thus to recover my good temper, he seems to have been so moved by what I said to him as to have gone off altogether. 1 don’t toll you this in con fidence, for you may repeat it to your fellow-servants, iu order to prevent their putting an erroneous construction upon ray brother’s disappearance. He will come back one of these days, no doubt, and whenever he does come back I should be.very pleased to see him, asl’veno doubt,, you and everyone else about the place will be. Now that’s enough upon the subject —you may remove tho covers. Miles.” So Joyce did remove the covers, and then withdrew, but Sir John Berkeley would assuredly not have been pleased had he heard all the comments tint were made upon the subject of his brothers sadden and mysterious disappearance in the servant-hall, or concerning tho blood which so many of the domestics had that morning observed upon his own hand.. Even as it was, after its first persual, the contents of the scrap of paper which George had loft behind did not seem afford.him so very much satisfaction, for he made a most miserable breakfast, and sigVd a great deal more than he either ute or drank. Directly tho meal was over, however, he went to his bod-oharaber, summoned his valet (for without the aid of one he was unable now to dress himself), and with the assistance of that “ gentleman’s gentleman ” he presently became consider ably more like his usual self. Satisfied of this fact by a hasty look in tho glass, he donned outdoor apparel, and half an hour later, was being driven into Galway for the purpose of calling on Katie O’Oonnor and her mother, in order, if possible still further to hasten on liis wedding, an event which he was now feverishly anxious should come off as quickly as possible, because a sort of pre sentiment had taken possession of him since the preceding evening—or it was only sines the preceding midnight ?—that if it did not, it would never take place at all. OH AFTER XVII. . Sir John’s well-horsed curricle bad<tV passed out through the park gates a clear five minutes when there entered in thoroat a little, dapper looking, middle-aged gentleman, having a strong resemblance to the usual portraits of Mr Pickwick: but a second glance at him would have parried with' it the conviction that if ho was Pjckwiok in the flesh he had been pulped .dry o£ all thp njilk ofhumanbind ness which that individual had on#* been so full of, Hs. was not Mr. Pickwiok, oh dear no, but Doctor Cornelius O’Dwyer, one time of Dublin, and possessed of-a very fashion able and lucrative prnc'ico there, anti 1 , t-mptccj by a hundred guinea fee, he had performed an unlawful operation,his patient had died* he had been■ tried in ooneo quonoeona charge of murder, escaped; being convicted by one of the narrowest shaves in the world, which shipwrecked; His reputation, alienated his clientele/ and, in brief/by altogether rpining him? jbprued him into a very formidable and, Jangoroys choyalior d’industrie, resolved" thenceforth tojiv.b, ps Hoatjie eoqld, upon, the professional secrets whiob bo hgd ’become possessed of in thopast, and what! Jagliionablo .doctor is not necessarily | < on trusted with many such ? : . .■ -.; It is to endeavor to make money: out of a professional 'secret which has brought him on this bright summer's morning, to GUrurugh, and it is not his first visit there by any manner of means, though as yet he has pot succeeded in his nefarious designs , -True, the fish had nibbled at the bait, but a nibble and a bito are two very different things,as every such skilful angler ns Oornolius O’Dwyer is perfectly well aware of.' To-day, however, ho expects that his bait will be greedily gulped, for ho has not been staying in Galway Town five long weeks for nothing, but specially lo pick up every profitable hint, wrinkle, and scrap of in telligence that can be turned to account in order to convert young George Berkeley into the.goose that shaM lay him almost any number of golden eggs. > He has taken due- care not to enter. Garuragh grounds until ho bos watched Sir John Berkeley drive out of them,-but now that the coast is perfectly clear he walks jauntily up that long sinuously winding carriage drive, towards the. fine old mansion that still bears a few traces of having once been a castle, and having reached the vast .pillared portico, ho knocks at the heavy,, gaol- like, frontdoor, with a strange admixture of assurance and trepidation, the later characteristic owing perhaps, to its being so very gaol-like as either to recall unpleasant memories, or to afflict him with yet more sinister fore bodings. Be that as it might, when the door was presently opened by Joyce, the little doctor looked as self-possessed as .ever as he enquired, in his usually soft insinuat ing tones; if Mr. George Berkeley was at home? “No,.your honor, he’s neither at home nor likely to bo for many a long day. Mr. George is gone av?ay, sorr— perhaps for good,” replied Miles, who was always loquacious to a fault. Doctor O’Dwyor looked as though he had received a blow. “ Gone away ?” he stammered. “ Gone away, did you say? In heaven's name what for and whore to ?” “ Deed, yer honor, the where to it is what we all want to know,—Sir John the most of all. The what for is a dale more easily answered, for Master George had a tiff with his eldest brother last night, sorr, and on that account it was that be took himself off before morning’s dawn, laving no more trace behind him than did the very night itself.” ' “ What not even so much as good-bye to anybody?” queried the doctor. “Oh, aye, snrr, ho left a kind ov one for his brother in the shape of a few pen cilled words on a wee scrap of paper placed under a hairbrush on his dressing-table, though they wor more about a young lady than his own self.” Doctor O’Dwyor looked botli puzzled and disappointed at this last communica tion. “ A young lady, eh 1” he exclaimed, en quiringly. “ Faith, yer honor, there’s a petticoat at the bottom of every mischief going, as you should surely know atyour time o’life. You niiy set me down for a fool, sorr, if in the present case a petticoat wasn’t the cause of the two brothers’ disagreement and of the masther’s wandering in the woods all night wid his gun, and coming home after day-dawn wid his clothes all torn, and blood upon his band, looking more like n ghost ihan a livibg rain,' as well aa la\dhg' oaruragh in the manner that he’s done.” Doctor Cornelius O'Dwyer looked wide awake now and anxiously eager to know more as well. “I daresay you’re right about a woman. —I mean to say a lady being in the case,” he exclaimed musingly; almost im mediately, adding “ Well, it’s no concern of mine, an! of courto Sir John has insti tuted searching enquiries, in order to make sure that his younger brother wasn’t en ticed away from the house to be mur dered.” “ Blessed Mary! such a. thought hasn’t entered into any of our heads, sorr, his honor’s least of all. Who should want to murder the, poor young gentleman ?” ex claimed Miles Joyce, looking.as frightened as though George Berkeley’s ghost had suddenly risen up in front of him. “ Many of the tenants, whom common report declares that he has ground down to the dust in bis brother’s interests, have for long owed him - a grudge ’tis 'said, and a grudge is uow a-days often paid with »i bullet or buck shot in County Galway, as you should be well aware. Yet you say that Sir John has made, and intends to make, no attempt whatever to discover where his younger brother has gone,' or what has become of him ?” “ I didn’t say nearly so much as that, sorr, though I can utter naught to the con trary. No'enquiries whatever have been mode yet, nor have we heard any talked of either; but anyhow we none of us think it’s his honor’s fault, for a better brother there couldn’t be, and for the present he’s like a man that’s betwitohod, for not only does he wander in the woods all night with his gun, but as soon as ever he gets home in the grey of the early dWn instead of going to bed, he shuts himself up in the library and begins to practise : play acting.” “Play acting ?” reiterated thO astonished : doctor. “ Aye, sorr, just play acting—l know what that is, for ho used to practise it regular, preparing for the Amoteur Thayatricals. What else bnt that should make his houour tramp up by the hour together, and spout such things as “ Murdered by his own brother ! Mur dered by hia own and only brother ! The legitimate by the illegitimate ! Oh, God, it is more than lean bear without going mad—mad—mad 1” There, sorr, aren’t they play acting words to the very life ? And haven’t you heard them, or much the same, in many a theatre ? We heard ’em sorr, because he was, most of us listen ing on the other side of the door, b • raison -that at first we feared the maslher couldn't bind up his hand, which he camo indoor with all bloody, and that it was the, pain which was causing him to rampage up and down and every now and then give a groan. Whon I discovered and told ’em it wua nothing but play acting, we all vent away.” « “Of oouwe, of course,” assented Doc'or -Gorpelius O’JDwyer, upop whom this artless confession of Miles Joyce had let in a whol' flood of information ; and then, with a few commonplaces to the effect fiat “ho hoped allwon Id come right in the end and that nithing serious had hap pened to Mr. George, ho hurried away, for he was now most anxious lo bo alone wi h bis thoughts r fooling sure, as he did, .that his original scheme for enriching himself had fallen through; bnt that on its rains he would find it easy to build up another of a more ambitious and also of ’a far morn lucrative nature. The reader may giiow nt Us character Jrom-~the little doctors muttorings, as lie retraced his steps down the carriage drive ■■towards tho entranco lodge aiid whiohran as followsii—' ■, t•. T f? On-the strength of the information which I gave him a ago the fool; ■braved - his .older brother, perhaps even; threatened him, and then Sir John saw no way out of the difficulty-except through murder. His pi ty-acting, as that block head called It, shows me, who am behind the scenes, clearly enough that he did kill him and also what for. ’The legitimate .of the illegitimate,* aye those five words pro\e that George told him everything which was what no one else oould have told him except ho and mo.” At this point Cornelius O’Dwyor gave veut to what sounded like the very ghost ef a chuckle, and proceeded in silence for 0 litt’o way; but presently he broke once more into an audible 3 soliloquy, muttering discontentedly:— “ I wish I’d wormed out of that addle pated Joyce what was on the scrap of , paper that George Berkeley left behind him ere he was lured forth to be butchered. By the bye, what made him suppose, I wonder, that he -might never return again? A mere presentment, I suspect. For all that I should like to know what ho wrote upon the piper, I’ll warrant me that that fellow oould and would have let it all out had I pumped him judiciously. However,it’s too late to retrieve (hat error, now.” Here Doctor O’Dwyer ndulgcd in a frown, but it quickly gav6 place in a malevolent grin, as he continued his re flections with:— “ But I’ll manage very well, maybe, with what I’ve got, and will soon get; for that Sir John Berkeley has killed George Berkeley, rather than the latter should declare him a bastard, and make him a pauper, is as clear to me as the sun at noonday. The only thing that puzzles me about the matter is that the younger man should have viewed such a course with scorn and utter loathing up to only a few days ago, and then have suddenly veered right round and plunged into the matter con amore as one may say. Ha, I have it—I have it. A thousand to one Miles Joyce was right about there being a woman in the case, and a million to one that woman was pretty, dainty, little Kathleen O’Connor. - George wanted Sir John to give her up to him, and on his refusal lost his temper and vowed that he should only win her in his true character of a bastard and a beggor. Aye, love of a woman was the only earthly temptation that could possibly have changed George Berkeley’s known affection for his brother into bitter hate, and the fear of losing a woman whom he worshipped was also the the sole temptation that was capable of prompting John Berkeley to shed a brother’s blood. All the same he’ll have to fee me heavily for keeping the secret, for I con separate him and her far more widely than the dead man if still living could have done. Altar and haltar are words of a very similar sound, but of a mighty different significance, and Sir John Berkeley, as he calls himself, shall pay me — let mo see—ten—twenty—thirty—aye, forty thousand pounds for merely allow ing him to choose between thorn.” It was a downright genuine and hearty chuckle that Cornelius O’Dwyer indulged in now, rubbing his hands together the while as though he was washing them.) Presently, . however, he broke forth afresh with :—. “ But I musn’t be too precipitate ; I must get my evidence carefully up first— evidence that’ll thoroughly convince him 1 can hang him, else I’ll not be able to. get my hands so deep down into his pockets maybe. Then, as I must do that without permitting anyone else to grow as wise ns myself. I’ll have to-be my own detective. Well, there’ll be economy in that at any rate, and there’s many a pro fessional thief-taker worse qualified for such work, I flattor myself; ha, ha, ha, perhaps for forty thousand reasons, more or less.” But now Doctor Cornelius O’Dwyer’s reflections became silent ones, perhaps because he had arrived almost close up to the gate lodge. When ho had left both lodge and gate behind him, however, they continued tn be the same, wherefore wo will leave him to got back to Galway Town the boat way that ho can, whilst we push on there in advance of him in order to bo present at a very important interview between Patrick Desmond of Ballyally and bis pretty cousin Norah DUlon. (to db continued.) 