HIS SEOOND WIFE. DY.OAROLINB CONBAD.; ' ' Daniel Duttcn was a widower, and well- to-do. He bad one child, a little boy, Ezra, one of those precocious youngsters styled by their victims itiiis. Ho hnd also two sister's in law ; one, Miss Arabella Taggst of ripe age, the other, a widow, Mrs. Eliza Stork. He also had a pretty nurse-maid for Ezra, known as Ann Mary. . Mr. Dntton boarded with tho familjr from which his deceased wife bad sprung, and bis two sioters-in-Iaw vied with each other in tender assiduities to the bereaved man. It was most ' touching, too, to witness their devotion to his orphaned child, who responded' to. their endearments by exclaim ing ' \- Ob, bosh 1 Ann Mary says it aint me, but pa you're after." The week before Christmas ' Daniel Dutton was writing a. letter to a 'friend which contained the following sen tence; " My bsioved wlfo, as you know, 'departed this life on Christmas Evs » jour ago.. She often promised mo before ber death that if the dead oould return to earth, sho would oomo jnok and reveal herself to me, in oxsctly one year from that time. The year will eiplro next Thursday, Christmas Eve, -and, though! am not a supersti tious man, I hope, I csnnot help looking forward with somo emotion to that day on whioh my precious Metiids promisod.if tho doad could come back, to appear to me. I em thinking, in my loneliness, of msrrying ngrin. What if my deer loot angel should gladden my soul with hor ap proval of my intention, and porhepe even direst my choice." Thus far Mr. Dutton naa prnccsaen, when ho was called away for half an hoar, and left hie -unfinished latter lying on the tablo. r A few minutes aftsr Miss Arabella, pass ing the open door, saw the letter, and I glanoing .hurriedly round, slipped into the room, and up to the table, muttering to her self : . " I just want to see if be is writing to a woman." As Miw Arabella went ia some one olse stole out.-v s«u opposite dwr. It was' Eliza Stork., "Thinks 9k aarryltig again, does mo?" murmured Mv. tiiorc, , with a satisfied smirk at heJ tut tt/1 Buddy face in the glass. " Oh. dear me," sirtd Arabella, <« I hope he'll choose ac HUsa has had one hue- bantu The day. before Ohriuinsca oame » wnd l though Dnuiol Dutton was notaepurttaalisfc, he resolved for once to attend a " jqa.-attq," lust to «tfl what .wouiq happen, " " ; Something did happen In the " eesnee." tt dirty scrap of paper was presently presented to him by ono of the "mediums)" who. called It a 11 communication from his dc'ceasoifl wife. . . ' The "communication" purported to 'somo from his. deceased Matilda, who promhsed ta appear to him as agreed upon, that night, It it conhJ poBBibly bo done. \ Ho was to? keep awake and watch for -her, till morning if need be. . Diiniol'Duttcn went home in a state of mingled awe and curiosity impossible to1 desuribe. . . The evening passed without any sign, tbougli be upont ir. alone in his room, and without a ligki, according to orders. ' At . ylovon o'clock ho thought' ho might' a we! i retire to his bed aud watch there, I Ho was ast slipoing between tho sheets, when a faint sound ilka a "spirit rap" cam from the next room. v -.' ,' Is lb.a spirit?" ho asked, 'solomnlr. " " No, pa ; it aint. "It's me," little n».« answered. "I'm looking to see if any- thing's in my stocking, and thoy aint — not yet." ... Somewhat diignsted, Mr, Dutton crept inter' bed and proposed to watoli. But though ..the spirit was willing, the flesh was weak. Daniel .Dutton was presently ' sleeping as soundly as if he bad never heard of a ghost, . . . ' It must have been about midnight that hs: was awakened by a hollow and -unearthly voice, saying. " Daniel 1— Daniel I— Daniol !". three times, with a long pause bet woen 'each time, and in the most solemn and awful accents. " It is she I" he thought; turning cold aud-- denly. -It was a groat' satisfaction, of course, have Mb dear, departed Matilda come back ; but a ghost was a ghost, for all that. " Daniel !— Daniel I — Daniel'" ths vole ' saidogain.', , Daniol 's dry lips unclosed at last, and from between bis. chattering teeth csme tha words : " Who calls me 7" " I— am— Matilda— your— wife ("returned" the voice, in a monotone more solemn and measured than that of the ghost in Hamelet. "You are thinking of marrying again, Daniel. Det it be my sister Eliza! She will be a'good mother to my child. Promise me I" i Daniel Dutton suppressed a groan, and re- ' maincd silent. Promise I" the voice repeated. And then a tail, white figure glided from somewhere near the foot of the bed, and slowly approached him. . " I promise," the appalled man cried, and the figure retreated majestically, uttering, in sepulchral tones, the word, " Remember," ss it vanished in the direction; of the door way. ' ' Daniol Dutton lay quite still when it had gone. He did not dare to get up. Ho scarcely stirred, but in Mb heart be was saying : ' " That dreadful Eliza Stork 1 It's too bad if Matilda's going to order me round now she's dead, just the same as she did when she was alive," or words to the aaaa effect. , Teh minutes pasBsd, Suddenly he heard) hie name pronounced again. This time the voice sounded muffled and far away, as' if it ohms from somo region beneath him. " Daniel Dutton," it said, " awako anfl hear me. That was a lying spirit that just talked with you, and not tho spirit of your wifoj Matilda. lam she. I am n'&t; permitted .to; appear to you," '(Daniel thanked Heaven for., that) " biit I am allowed to worn you. Yon must not marry Eliza Stork. She haa already worried onp man out of the world. . If you give my obild ber for a mother I Bhall s not bo abio to lie quiet in my grave." . "I never will. -I'm bo glad you - don't . like her, Matilda," quavered Daniel, in an. . awe-struck whisper. " I hate her myself." "It is well," the voice went on. "My sister, Arabella, will" make you a far better wife. Marry iter, and be happy." ' Dead silence followed. " I hate Arabella worse than I do Eliza, if possible," thought poor Daniel, with his head - well under the bedclothes. " Mcbbe this ia a lying spirit, too. I'm sure I hope so." As Arabolla stole into her own chamber, a tall, ghostly figure, all in white, rose up from beside her bed. Arabella shut the door,' and sank upon a chair with a hysterical giggle. " How dare you call me a lying spirit 7 " said Eliza Stork. .Arabella tittered again. " You sha'tt'e have him 7 " cried Mrs Stork. lifting hor arm, dramatically. " I'll tell him it was you, and where you were." "If you do," said Arabella, calmly. "I'll tell him ths-other was you with a white sheeF round you," . Mrs. Stork reflected. " Take him," she said, then, savagely, and went out of the room. When the two ladies entered- the breakfast room on the following morning Daniol Dut- - ton was already there, looking pale and wor ried, and as if lie hod not slept much. and. little Ezra sat in the deep window seat near him. solemnly unpacking a very well filled stocking ; and Ann Mary stood by with ber blaqk eves downcast as usual, and hercheeks. which wero generally oa red as Christmas apples, very white. As tne sisters entered she hastily concealed' a handsome ring she was holding, " I meant to marry you," Daniel Dutton bad juit been saying to ' her, disconsolately. . "I lovo you to distraction, and I hate Ara bella. But it's a solemn thing when the dead come back and speak to ub, and I dare not marry anybody but Arabella now." NcverhsdArabellaTaggetlookedsoangular - and uqly to him as she did this morning, in. contrast to pretty Ann Mary, with her long,, soft curls falling about her shoulders, Ara bella came simpering forward,. . . Young Ezra looked up, with his mouth no,- stuffed with candy he could scarcely spoak. " Ah, pa ! " ho' cried, " I lay awake and) . . watcbod for Santa Clans last night, aud i saw him 1 Hs had a white shs;i around him, and) hs went into your room Hat, nnd he.weno into Aunt Liza's." Mrs. Stork shuddered. . , " Aunt Arabella was watching for hlraf toon. I guess. Wasn't thnt what you was under phi bed for? " be .asked Arabella, who glared av.i - him like a stone Medusa, "And what madt , yo'u-say you was pa's wife 1 " the precociouiJ youth went on. " It's wioked to toll lies." ';"" Ann Mary laughed. Daniel Dntton stareoi 1 " What is the darling child talking about I U Arabella managed to say at last. , ; - " I know" Daniol Dutton exciaimeu;nitq gloomy countenance brigh tening to April suuL shine all at onoe. " Ann Mary, oomo heredj LadieB," to bia amiable sisters-in-law, " I arn, about to marry again, I have chosen " Ifij young lady to succeed your dear, dcpaii-.all sister in my home and heart." " That hussey I " shrieked Arabella, " Don't be a fool, Arabella," whisperoti Eliza Stork, and want up to Ana Mary apr. shook hands with her. ll " Let's have breakfast," oried Daniel Dnj ton, tuoking his betrothed under his arm, acq leading her to the table. The others followed, all but Ezra, at whoQ Arabella shot a vindictive glance as-she sat down. ' _ "I hopo you may ahokc on that candy; young moo," she thought. . But he didn't, , . 