Literary News, Notes, etc. I 'We obtain aa amusing glimpse in Lady Cfranville's Letters , o£ our Sovereign the Queen, just oh she was beginning to toddle : — 'The Duchess of Kent raves about her baby. 'It is my happiness, my joy, my existence. It is the imaae of tbe lato Kiim' (Gesoree the Third). Think of the baby. They say it is King G-eorge in petticoats. So fat it can hardly waddle.' A new novel by Mr. E. P. Benson, the author of Dodo was to be ready in London in April. E. and E. Olark, the Edinburgh printers, who get ready the books issued by some of the principal London publishers, have been interviewed by the Westminster Gazette re specting the employment of female hands. One of the firm says^: — 'Nearly a fifth part of the 550 hands we employ are girls and women. They have been employed ever since the great strike of 1872. First we introduced them only in the composing department, and it speaks well for their work that at least one them is with us still. Now we employ them in every department except, in the stereotyp ing room. Up to a certain point they do ? very well. Indeed, it ia our experience that during the first three years of apprenticeship girls do very much better than boys. They are quicker in every way. Aft-r that the tables are turned. The chief leason, I fancy 18 this — that when a girl grows up she begins to think about settling down and getting married ; consequently she loses interest in her work, and not unnaturally, thinks of other things. With a young man it is just the opposite. He also may be thinking of settling down, but this only makes him the more eager to do his work well. Hence he rises and earns more money, while the women do not go beyond a certain stage.' ' Are they good proof- readers ?' — ' I am sorry to Bay onr experience has been that they are not. We had one awkward experience. A womanv had road the proofs of an edition of Tenny son, and we found that the pages crawled with faults, and then I said that this should not happen again, and since then we have not entrusted a woman with the reading of final proofs, though, as you see, there are many assistant female proof-readers.' Tbe accession of Lord Eosebery to the \- Premiership has revived the oft-told story of tbe matrimonial adventure of his predecessor, Lord Dalmeny, about the middle of the last century. The story (says the St. James's Gazette') is perfectly true, being originally related at the time of its occurrence by tbe Mayor of Colchester in a letter (Aug. 15, 1752) to the General Evening Post. The then Lord Dalmeny had married, in all good faith, Catherine (' Kitty'), daughter of Bobert Cahham, of Thorpe-lo- Soken, Essex (baptised there Feb. 11, 1721), and wife of the Eev. Alexander Henry Q-ough, vicar of the parish (from 1745). It is alleged that he met her in London in 1749, and was dazzled by the beauty of the Essex farmer's daughter, who' passed herself off as a single woman. Confessing shortly before her death, at Florence, who and what she really was, and, imploring that she might be buried at her own home her corpse was brought there by Lord Dalmeny and buried at Thorpe on the 9th of . July, 1752 — her ' two hnBbands,' it iB eaid, following her to the grave. Lord Dalmeny seems to have died in 1755, aged thirty or thirty-one; so that he never cume into the earldom of Eosebery, which wbs inherited by his younger brother Neil. As the peerages say little or nothing about him, there had been a singular confusion as to bis identity. The story, of course, is somewhat analogous to that of ' Kitty's' contemporary, the notorious Duchess of Kingston, who ' married' the Dnke in the lifetime of ber husband, Captain Hervey, afterwards Earl of Bristol. 1 How that famous old song ' Auld Bobin Gray' came to be written is told in Women of Letters by Gertrude Townehend Mayer (Bently and Son). The author was lady Anne Barnard (previously Lady Lindsay), and Bobin was herdsman at Balcarres, the seat of her family, the Lindsays. Lady Anne spent a good deal of her rather lonely younger days in a little room ' which commanded the sea, the lake, the rock, the birds, the beach,' por ?ing over old volumes and scribbling verao and prose. One day a fancy took her to write new words to a Scottish air which Sophy Johnstone (the ' child of nature') used to sing, the old ones being un suited to ita plain tive beauty ; and in the course of her attempt Bhe came to a standstill. Calling her sister Elizabeth, who was at play hard by, Bhe said : ' I have been writing a ballad, my dear. I am oppressing my heroine with many misfortunes —I have sent her Jamie to sea, and broken her 'father's arm, and made her mother fall sick, and given hor Auld Eobin Gray for a plover ; but I wish to load her with a fifth sorrow in the four lines, poor thing ! Help me to odc I pray.' ' Steal the cow, sister Anne,' eaid little Elizabeth. The cow wap lifted, and the ballad completed. Lady Anne Lindsay married, late in life, Mr. Barnard, whom she accompanied to the Cape of Good Hope in 1797, on his appointment ae Colonial Secre tary. AILITERATION BY THE POETS. When Hogarth's bear in canonicals, the Bev. Charles Churchill, wrote his ' Scots' pastoral' called the Prophecy of Famine, which transcends his Ronciad as a specimen of masterly satire, he speaks of himself as having often, without success, prayed ' For apt Alliteration's artful aid.' Dr. Erasmus Darwin, of The Botanic Garden, carried to excess this love for alliteration ; and, thongh he is tolerably happy when he speaks of Echo ' with softest sympathy of sound,' and again, ' Echo sounds her ooft Hjmphouious shell,' he was too greatly addicted to such lines as I these (which occur in his Loves of the Plants and Economy of Vegetation). ' Suns sink on suns, and systems systems crush ' Man falls on man, on buckle buckler rings;' 'Groan answers groan, to anguish anguinh yields ;' ' And lessening orbs on lessening orbs en croach.' Lines like these are not far removed from those in the alliterative alphabetical poem, ' An Austrian army awfully arrayed, Boldly by battery besieged Belgrade,' &c;,, and bear no comparison with such lines as that of Byron's ( Childe Harold, lit. 32)—' They mourn, but smile at length; and smiling, mourn ;' or Crashaw's (in The Nightin gale's duel with the Lutist) 'She fails, and failing grieves, and grieving dies ;' or that singularly descriptive one of Shelley's (in his Address to the Sky lark), ' And singing still dost soar, and soar ing ever singest.' Yet alliteration is not always a sign of weakness, nor even a mere fanciful trick, as with Mr. Swinbourne ; quite oa frequently it confers strength and expres sion. The letter s is a great favourite in al literative writing. ' How silver sweet sound lovers' tongues by night,' says Shakespeare, and in his Sonnets, we have that exquisite idea,— When to tho sessions of sweet silent thought I summon up remembrance of things past. Pope spoke of the ' pilfered pastorals' of Ambrose Phillips, who in one of his transla tions from Sappho, has the line ' softly speak and sweetly smile;' while Dryden, in his Alexander's Feast, has this couplet,— Softly sweet in Lilian measures, Soon he sooth'd his soul to pleasures. Thomson, in his Seasons (Summer) uses the alliterative s to assist bis description of the Nightingale's song. While in our shades, Through the soft silence of the listening night, The sober-suited songstress trills her lay. Thomas Warton, in his Pleasures of Melan choly, effectively repeats the alliteration of sio, 'The due clock swinging slow with sweepy sway just as Collins, in his Ode to Evening, had used the sh in describing the bat, ' With short, shrill shreak flits by on leathern wing.' Gray's Bard has not only ' Tho steep of Snowdon's shaggy side ;' but is full of alliterations, ' To high born Hoel's harp, or soft Llewellyn's lay.' Weave the warp, and weave the woof, The winding sheet of Edward's race. Mountains, ye mourn in vain Modred whose magic song Made, &c.; There is an old Scottish song by Alexander Montgomery, whose versification waa copied by Burns, which is, throughout, a singular specimen of alliterative construction ; here is a brief specimen The jargon of the janglingjays, The craiking craws and keekling kays, They deave't me wi' their din. This is as expressive as the line in Mallett's ballad of William and Margaret, ' In glided Marg'ret's grimly ghost;' or as Tennyson's Maud, ' Cold and clear-cut face, why come you so cruelly meek.' Mrs. Norton's line, ' The horn of the hunter was heard on the hill,' was said to have been a cruel trap in geniously devised to catch the cockney singers of Kathleen Mavourneen. 