MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1894. THE NEW VICTORIAN PARLIA- <*> MENT. The first session of the new Victorian Parliament has been inaugurated, but its actual work will not begin for about a fortnight. The re-election of the mem- bers of the Turner Ministry is partly re sponsible for the delay. Tina is one of the cases in which the arrangement re quiring a member of Parliament who accepts office to seek afresh the suffrages of bis constituency may appear unneces sary. When a change of Ministry occurs during the currency of a Parliament it is desirable that the electors should be con sulted, but whether members of a Ministry comiug into office as the direct and. imme diate result of a general election ought to be subjected to the same ordeal is another question. In this instance the appeal to the country was upon the issue whether the Patterson Government should or should not be displaced, and the answer was both dear and emphatic . The stringing majority which sent Liberals into Parliament in the propor tion of two to one was a vote of the colony fur Mr. Turner. Had his second return by the electors of St. Kilda been even risked it would have been a farce. As a matter of fact the re-election of Ministers was a mere formality. In bat one case was there any shadow of opposi tion. Mr. Isaacs, the new Attorney- General, was one of the sixteen members who were allowed a walk-over at the general election, and hence a trumped-op contest on his acceptance of office seems the more strange. The whole thing Ravors not a little of petty spite. Blr. Isaacs' pseudo-rival, baring been beaten for another district by a brother of the Attorney-General, seems to hare thought that it would be fine fun to embarrass the near relative of his victor, and so has oilered himself as a ffaraii^t^ for Bo?ong. He has never been regarded as having the ghost of a chance, and bis withdrawal so aa to save his deposit money has been fully expected. The Turner Ministry having passed through the prescribed ordeal, such as it was, has taken the earliest opportunity of formulating and publishing its pro gramme. The manner in which this has been done may perhaps be regarded as suggestive. Tniitnad of delivering an oration Mr. Turner has issued a kind of manifesto. In the few speeches be has had to make in connection with official or semi-official functions he has con tented himsolf with brief and cautious references to his future policy. Ap parently the new Ministry means to be one of deeds rather than of words. If this prove to be its governing purpose it will present a distinct contrast to the line recently followed. Mr. Shield is a master of rhetoric, and had be lived up to his utterances his Ministry might have been in office stilL Sir James Patterson was great at after-dinner speeches, and he seemed to regard himself as a land of political evangelist, whose basines* it was to work up a revival by the boldness of his assurances and the attractions of his eloquence. Mr. Turner is not aiming at anything of the kind, and he has already sud that in choosing his colleagues he did not seek for on lam bat for men who had a capacity for work. This homely but common-sense way of looking at things may be discerned all through the piece. The Turner Ministry does not propose to indulge in fancy work, but to take seriously in band the most pressing problem of the time and to labor for its solution first of ail. The one great busi ness of the present session is to pat the finances of the colony straight. Other matters may have to wait. It goes with out saying that the task thus undertaken is sufficiently formidable. As the case stands at present s great golf yawns be tween the revenue and the eipendi tore. Victoria is drifting to leeward at the rate of £1,500 a day. The prospective deficit, in default of remedial measures, would be another £300,000. The country has said that this must not be, and both the Parliament and the Ministry are pledged to obey that mandate. Retrenchment cannot be carried much further, and each an heroic measure as cutting to the bone would be only talk. The augmentation of income through the Customs has proved decep tive, and what the late Government did in that direction was distinctly damaging. Hence Mr. Tamer will be compelled to tap other resources in order to replenish the exchequer. This was what he urged when in Opposition ; it was the proposal on which he went to the country, and it is what he will seek the aid of Parliament to enable him to carry out. On two great questions in which all the colonies are profoundly in terested Mr. Turner has taken a definite line. He will not this session attempt tariff revision, and be will foster the movement towards federation and intercolonial free-trade. There is shrewdness and sagacity in the treatment of both these subjects. Mr. Turner does not deny that the tariff arrangements of Victoria may be improved by revision, bat he holds that such a revision should be made on intelligent and scientific principles, and that whenever effected it should have as large an infusion of per manence—not to say finality—as the state of the case permits. This conten tion is eminently reasonable. Large and important interests depend on the Customs laws of any country, and are liable to be prejudicially affected—per haps dislocated—by their disturbance. To be incessantly tinkering with the tariff is to perpetuate restless uneasiness throughout the entire commercial world, to hamper trade, and to discourage en terprise. Mr. Turner has already taken steps for the Tariff Commission to complete its work, and when that is accomplished there will be trustworthy data to work with towards a satisfactory result. Meanwhile the attitude of Mr. Turner on this subject and that of Aus tralian union, which is related to it, is suggestive- Taken m connection with what has been said by the Premier of New South Wales it affords a prospect that fresh vitality wiil be infused into the federal movement, thus ensuring more rapid progress. At the same time a conclusive answer is furnished to the statements industriously circulated, and designed to obscure the real issues before the country, as to the prospect of fiscal changes resulting from the general election. Instead of tariff alterations being the main business to be taken in hand by the new Parliament, that subject, for tbe session at least, will sot be touched at all. 