AN OUTCAST." a joshfe socking, Utnri" The Stray of Andrew Halifax," " Jaim EartoeJwooV "Z01ab,"Ao, iju Bieon BiiwmJ Po&IWM; ly special amrajremaiiisiih Afccrrr. TYard, Lock and Soadm/himihi, BOOK IV. runvisT, OHAPTEB I. bow IT BSOAlt. "There are two engob that attend nones Eaoh one of us, and in tho great book reoord Oar good nnd evil dooda. Ho who writes down . Tho good ones, alter avery aotion olosea xus voiczne, ana asoenai with It to God .. The other keepo hie dreadful day- book . TiffmmMt, that we may ropent , whloh Tho rooord of tho aotion fadoa away. And learea a lino of whlto acrora the mp?l«SdHea"a'M 8od dood Tho reet la yoora. ' — Lonorstnow. .1 was the evening following tho night of tho dark docd on tho cliffs. Tho Pie00 woo tho library of Penwithen. Throng hoot tho morning Bonbon bad oat www brooding. Sometimes ho felt eafo bom all danger, at other times ho trembled at every sound. When lunch was over ho oonld stay Indoors no longer, so ho hod ordered his home to bo saddled, and had ridden to Tintagol, ostensibly on business, bat really to hear what pooplo wero talking of Frnsor. No ono knew of his death, Men had boon working along tho coast all the morning, trat no dead body had been seen. Evidently the sea had not given np its dead, well, eo mash tho better for him. Pot heps the body might float for days, and then be washed on tho beach at Padstow, or Now Quay, or Bade. It might be that no ono wonld oonneot it with John Eraser. That worthy had told hia tip room com panions again and again that ho ehonld go Go America, whero there wee room for a man of hie toloniei and eo suspicions wonld be divcrtod into other channels. Well, ho ehonld eay nothing. A great longing como to him to go to tho econo of the strngglo, hot bo said he wonld not bo weak enough for thxt. Hohadhoardof many murderers being discovered in that way, bat ha wonld not be eo foolish. And ao no rodo back to Penwithen for dioner, and appeared gay and happy all tho tlmo, bat directly the meal concluded he looked himself In the library again, A Are burned cheerfully In tho grate, the lamp on tho tablo sent out a cheerful light, and Bonbon enjoyed hto comfortablo surroundings. Ha had not partaken of much dinner, but, contrary to bis nsnal custom, ha had drank several gloesos of wine, and thus for; the time, was flashed with a fstoo courage. In an hoar or two eta influence would leave him, bnt at present its power was grateful. Ho had eat about on hour when a knock . came to tho door, and, on hie opening it, a servant gave him a note. " Any answer; Boson f" he sold absently. "No, 'Sir i tho boy that brought it is gone/ ' ' " Do yuu know too boy f " Tea, 6&f;» it was Jane Hehdy's boy— . the as was servant 'ere years ageno." "Ah, thank you, Susan." He spoke more kindly than usual. He wanted every one to' think him oheerfnl and satisfied. He looked tho door again, however, and, sitting down in his arm- ehair, opened the envelope. After that he looked at the address. It was evidently written' by a women who had had littla praotioo in tho art of writing. Thus it .ran, q "tomr.Bnbennenwithn 1 : ' op' to Penwithn." .who can this bo from?" he mneed, i and then taking ont the letter, read as i follows:— | " respected ear. i opo yu will souse mo i zor ciaSo yew ma a good "Ttmster to nio up to yonk onso, an 1 toot yn wad ltko to 1 ou n»i on, eo l am rttm thia, boot ton o'opokthlamornln that blaol ntoodohap called lehmid who do Ilvo np to Ooombshod, corned In 'oro bob ho ard to work Hiesne Hondy. iso saya i, tia o lot . ardor beinmarrid than bein In earvieollko i woe np to penwithn, 1 was Jano Blokott then, an ad a good time coa maaotor pon- wfthn woe eioh a good: jnaaetor, mji 1, he'd a vlllJn ees so, no ebtbing seal, oo was a good onaater to mo cf over thoro wao one, look ore eeB ee, oee ho rite- to bo . there, an somebody els will bo' toero soon, git away sea 1, for i never did liko thdt chap, eo allays mado mo feel oal croopy liko, noil ees oo yon now mrshendy thot tee do ave onryus ways, and oevo- got a -aoret, I've found it oat, Ire got tho thing htnre bin hidln for years, on yon will soon \- see a now muster to penwithn, tie in my pooket ees ee etoppiu his Jaoket, and ee laffod oal ouryas like sea oo 1 alnt abin lookln ool thaloo years for notoln, wot do ao main says i, yon will soon naw cos oo, then eo showed his tooth again an looked strange round the eyes and went of. then! nea to mysol/mr penwithn shod saw this grafii beaut well null to walk far at present so IJaond my little boy without tellin any body your nbediont oarvont jane Hondy. " to mrBnben Penwithn "uptoponsrfthn. p 6 (hu« ear ee said something bout your soon boin Bodmun jail," - When Boflbon finished reading this enlatla ha woe trembling Ilka an aBtwn leaf : when ho hod road It the scoond lime a oold sweat stood on hie forehead. Woo tho man a ' demon P How oonld ha havo found ItP Did tho letter refer, to tho will stall P He . iromembored Jano Hondy as a gossiping girl who hod been servant at Penwithen, bnt who was, nevertheless, honest and . truthful. " . : r /Oonld it bo that it had oomo to light after all these years? ''» of toot nlghtto terrible deed now f Whllo ho was struggling with Steeer.whohobpliovodwra tha esoontlal link, this Nomoola mnot by oomo mcsn3 (havo discovered tho ooorot UldlnB-plnoo and found what ho had cold hla noul to c&tatn.; "Oh, dovil, thou art a hnrd mnntorl" hooiiod. "Twonty-flvo yearn hnvo-I kept this thing a ucorot, end now ft will como to light. I shall bo hissed at, n tonal, driven ont of tho neighbourhood. Oh, father, did you rear nse for this t IlargsryOondgo, did yon tempt me for this? Como book, son old hngy oomo from your gravoand tell mo what I am to do I" _ Ho road tho lottor a third tlmo. . Ym, it was plain .enough. Ho hid hid it all thoon sears t i-rf flight ho had token tho iiio of Ida fo Uow-motl to preservo his eoorot, and 11 for this. Evsnhls children would lootho (him Stop, though I Ki? mtut think, think. Supposing tho will wcro found,, eapposo Jtahmaol aid hia worefc. would be t ao Qttxscquonbo P Tho game ttjffbt not bo loot. vVhooouldeaythowlllwSaii'phB'PJJ Oonld ho not urgo that it hod boon fofgou . Who woe Iolimnol P A nameloaa man,Eosi- maratlvoly, with unknown antecedents. Who would gain by thowillP Iehmnoloud Ihlo mothor. Wolf, tho mother had boon Booked cpon no mad, whllo Ishmaol was greatly avoided as a mysterious charaotcr. Ho would olalm thot tho will was a forgery j S1 thra if the esse woe dooidod against fscra they would bp tonepoitcd. .At leapt, Ishmael woifld. Ah, tho case woo not so bed. For who could provo tho will m Ono'i ?'10 two wltnoaaoa wore dead, Margery hod died years before i wouU never bo i , ho would oooopt Ish- No ono- Ho was a mogWrato hlmsolf, and ho know. A man ta, tho county wonld bo boHeved a thousand times boforo this man. Toe, ho wonld fight to tho end. Io,%r "Bain, and his mind turned fate a different ohannol. Might NodoubtJanoHondy Zlu?1 J19 'otter, no doubt, too, Ish- oa bnt had ho not dono thiflto frighten him 9 Should he go and epcak to hor P No | W0lT a croaenco to Ipbmaol'e HCatoment, for, of oonraey there mtut bo no Jr j 71' E?» hmaol could never havo found it. Why tho plaoo woa unknown, i7cn If it was known, a hundred men rf Siffl11 nvot dw -v»w uuiiomc ro bog, ana tnen— no, no, in could not bo 1 Again ho peroged tho letter, and tbo moro ho felt confirmed in hia opinion# He Iookod at hie watch. It woa nino o'clock. He wont to the window and looked ont. It was a wild night Tho sky was loadeo, and tho wififis howled fiercoly. Tho palo oroscont of tho moon oonld not bo soon. Ho could barely eeo tbo trees whloh sur rounded the house, bub between the gusts of wind ho could hear tho loaves dropping from tho branahes, whloh wero foot be coming baro. Tho winter was coming on early » Bo went back to his chair and sat down again. Be mast know the truth of this, ho conld not rest until hs wu sure. It was essential that he 'should bo certain, so that he might make hli plans Accordingly. Ho bad mado op his mind to keep indoors daring tho evenings ; last night's work had itiBtrnng his nerves and mode him weak. The memory of it was terrible. Still, tho work was done, and he wonld no longer bo harassed in that dlroction. Ob, if Ishmasl floated by his sido I" H.XV1 aQd ho ssld. at length : St journey, bat I'll go," He lookod at his watch again and con ildered, "Tho tldo will be at its height at half put eleven," ho mnsod: " br half-n&tt; twmvo I can gel along at the foot of the clJiis, If I Btart from here at about a quarter to twelve I shall bo nblo to manage I l' thero <j aur truth tri too old folke stories? I wonder whother toe ghosts of murdered people do appear at nlgbt time? ItH bo a terrible journey \ 8® # I shall never rest till 1 m certain." I? £$_nP lo the glass. I look an old man," he sold, as ho gaud on tho reflection of bis haggard face. "Another twontyfonr hours Ilka tho last has been and my hair will bo white. Yes. another boar, ana It'll be twentyfoar hoars since I did It. Ob, I novor thought It would oomo to this I " Ho set down again, and rooked to and fro in his misery, "I'd bolter rive it no," ho cried, "I'd bettor go to Ishmael and make terms with him. Hall rarely be willing to make arrangements, 1 can give cum Grace's dowry, Whst if It does destroy tho marriage errangemsntsf Graco would ho glad.. I can eco that she hates the thought of ?B Bot.lllck, oven although she's sacriOcing herself for my sake. I wonder if bo would, now 1 No, no,.IH not oak a favour of him j I'll fight It to the and | loss or win, I'll do It I " , At aqmrtor to twelve he put on a pair of thlek hoots and a warm overcoat, ' ; xhsri he went to a cupboard and took therefrom a imell portable lamp, and placed It' In hla overcoat pocket, Thou he took soma matches.' rad aftor striking two or throe, to sea that they ignited cailly, he studied ft1 tulnuto, as If In doubt as to whether, them 'was any. thing mere, He noiselessly opened ' the library door and stood in the dark passage; Ho remembered being there with Judith long yean before. Ah, how she loved html lies, that night was the first step In tha groat sin whloh had ended twenty-five years afterwords In murder. . No, not that— justifiable homlddei ' ' He listened Intently; All Was silent, ho sound brok- the ettllness of the night. He thought ho heard one of the . servants breathing heavily, but that was all, ' Every one was asleep bnt himself, and he felt as though ho should nover sleep again, Like Macbeth, ha hod murdered It. He turned the Ismp low, end crept through the postage into the kttohen, and then went ont Into the yard by the kitohen ioor. A dog leaped forward with a low growl, bnt seeing who it wns whlnod affec tionately and wagged its tall, as if expooting to accompany Mm. "I dare not Jake him," he muttered, 11 although he would bp company. Lie down , nera in roe sitonen, ota man, and bo quiet. The dog did as ho wao bid, wbilo Benben, , letting himself ont again, hurried aorasa the i yard into the lano, He stood etill and i listened. Nothing could be heard save the i wind moaning through tho trees.'; , He i hurried up tho lane, stopping suddenly; now , and thon, as If In fear, but no one appeared, no sound was heard. After a sharp walk he arrlvod At the eliffi, and saw far t»neath:hlm the. restless, tnr- bulont sea. It was not so dark ont here nndor tho open sky as at Penwithen. The pels moon conld be loan oftener, tbo clouds wero swept more repldly aoross the wild sky, the night 414 put appear quite so sullen, . He looked all aronnd him, anglb'naly, fear fully, and thonlbreatbod a sigh of rellot No one woo near, ' The apot wae open, neither hedges nor honses were near, and so It would ho impossible for any ana to hlde. :It was terribly Jonoly. The nearest cottage w»s far away, and the howling wind, mingling with the roar of .the, goa, made Mm ahnddor. Flakes of' foam were constantly , blown against Ms face, so ho know that the Atlantlo woe in a Anions mood. He walked on . nntll ho cams to the ireolpltons footpath leading to tho bcaoh, For one who dla not know overy yard of the ollffe descent wonld bs portions, but" Bonbon did not hesitate, end In a few minutes stood on tho hard sea sand. Yes, the tldo was receding, end even now ha raw a otrotoh of sand a few fcot wido, He wont southward. Fanev the soeno. On the ono hand. towering rugged cliffs | above : a wild sky ; on the other, a storm-toejod angry sea barling Itself on the roak-bonnd coast. The time, midnight, Ajl sonnd drowned by the Incessant roar of the waves end' tho howling winds. "Everybody will bo in bed," muttered Brahms "no one hnt a man with hell In his heart would como to such a ipnt as this on snoh a night as this. My God I I wish I were back at Garloggap with an empty pooket end a light heart, On bo trndged, now stumbling over the rocks, now sploshing through somo stream of wator whloh tan towards tho receding sea, but etlll making Ms way southward- " I wns a fool not to destroy It," ho wont jpn at length j " If I had, there would bo no need of tMs. I should havo done It, too, if I hadn't hoen a cowardly fool. Ob, If thot letter wore only written to frighten me, and It la etlll there, I shell destroy It tho moment I get book to Penwithen. «cs, rii ao h, tfcwglj the ghost of old Michael appearo before pee gnd tolls mo to stop, I con understand those old men's stories now. I l,C0,Iv'1y 'key bargained with tho devil. ffledly eell all the soul I've got to live lu H the rest of my life and he safe. <>nd filadnose In tho thought i sUUuMo'dootr oyo""0' "" 'b M . wcr,t np, carrying with It anAx' 'ho wator roocdsd,'Ioft L inkU nniiw'X; the storm-light It did pol look unlikfl the body of a man. H<i ,n a 'y o' torror, God! howled, " 'tia ho I I can go ! RW ftfrald.- I daro no? no pait that thing/", . Bomothlng flapped en'J" tc Me car, nnd a ghastly sorcdoh frcae tbo bloou hit veins. It was only n e<a bird , whloh. bo luu," turbed, and whlob, as soon ns It oonld flow book to He shelter sgalq | .bnt to Beabea It was the fit j of a lost soul, It wee a wandering spirit whloh ooold Hal no rest, , ' ? "It was like Us wy last night whsa he ffjy "hf puped. ' " Oh,' all the Penwithen lands, ell the money It has brought me. good Aamo, and all the rat will not pay for IB go straight back and let' Mm do Me worn. began to retrace hia atepj, but had only gone a few lUpi before ho ohanged hla mind A Qrc® and Bart?" ho Ihougbt. them It I can# I promlied thilr mothor that I'd nevar negleot thorn, and 1 mast savo them, Poor, dear Amelia f Bbo Ravo her life for Graool Oh, my darling I Cant yonholpmenow? No, no. Iftheio's a heaven, choc thoro j and tbo help I want can t como from heaven." Onco mere ho turned hla face toward tho south, and with trembling limbs caao to the spot whore the log of 'wood still lay. Ho gave a laugh, half of roUof, half of misery, "lt'e only a bit of tea drift I " be cried. Ob, what a coward I am— a great, hoiking coward I ' , 0 ho rushed, ' unmindful of winds and WAVOS. Thft itraffth n# i««J two. twfita 1 w.am m then woe no dUBeaity In walking! Presently » heap of rooks protruded them- elves on to the Boaoh, and then he stoppod. B00II. know," he cried. "Ah, If it S; still there It shall soon bo ashes. I'll ,b.aI? ' M spite of all the dead mon's curses iv?'." ever Invented. Why, oh, whv didn 1 1 dolt years ago t" Ho erept behind the great hoap of rocks, and found a fiisure wtdo enough, through whloh to squoizo hla body j then ha orawlod along a few fcot, nntll' he was out of the wina. Outirido tho wind walled and the sea tX2a ' ho'9 « eholter and rest, ?. 1,mP ,bom poekat, he e.ro. him.i,.. i?.Di Jpckci anxiously around care wblcb he went farther into the 'he light fall on the ground, ho examined tho sandy floor. It had not bran abiurbed sinco the last flood tide, and no mark of a foototep was to ba seen. Ha looked upward, and ovorythlng appeared aa U was when ho came there loet. All was dork, gloomy, and efleot. Tho sea sounded faraway | he wae alone— all, all alone. Ho stood still a second, us if afraid to act and ho stralnod his com, as if he thouoht ho beard romothing. No | aU was silent u death. He mado a itep forward towards a dark corn or of tho cave. Hark, what was that f Hll thODffhfc ha hliinf Mnnil 1IL« at.. i tolling of a « tone, and ho listened again, i No, ho was mistaken ; he was simply afraid, i He went to tho dark corner, and after looking awhile found an aperture. Into this bo put his hand. Ho could feel nothing, . Cold sweat trickled downshift toce/and his limbs trembled. "Ho must hare found ft I " he carted, "and I am loitl" v ' Again ho pushed hli arm into thoapoitnre, this tlmo as tor as he could reach, ilia Augers touohod something smooth and coli Ho clutched it tightly and drew it out. " Safe I safe f ' ho criod ; I'm a man again. Let ma bam this when I get home, and then what baro I to fear? Unbuttoning his coat, he pit it into his breast-pocket, then ho carefully buttoned his. coat again, and again ho realised tbo haunting fear which he had foil long years before when old Margery met blm aioog the coalt and asked him zor the will. " It seems to carry a euro with it," he mattered, " but it will bo only for on huur." Ooce more bo held np the lamp, bnt in so doing knoekod his arm, and tbo lamp fell from bis band In ploking it op be looked towards tho eatranco of the cavo, and ho thihigbt ho Baw somothing shining, and quioUy hold the light towards it, but nothing was to beseem "Another delation," he mo&nad;, "another dolnslon— ah, bnt I wish John Frnsor was a delusion. Living or dead, ho Is a ourae to moj BtUl, .the will is safe, and tho namo of Penwithen will nofc-'bb dltgracod.-" Ho groped out of the cave again, and in a few seooous later he stood nnder the open sky. Madly he rushed along the boaoh, looking neither to the right nor left, and so lie did not notice that ho was followed. ,Y«t it was 'so. A. man- 'bonding almost, to a double kept near blm all the way, even as he bad dono ever, sinoe he. had left Penwithen. When \ Beubou Ponwlthen had stood , on the aiifi, ; and breathed a sigh of relief becausu ho was un noticed, this ciestnre had boon lyiag fist on , tho ground j but. his . oyes- were never taken from the' frenslcd yooman . When Reuben had. turned and fled from tha log. that the waves had rolled on the shore, his' follower crouched behind a rook audwatehed, and when' toe f roosted man had entered the cave; and searched for the will, no movomeat went unnoticed. The ' watcher muttered ofttlmes too \ but ho feared . not, No ghostly visitants troablod him j all his thoughts wero about- tho man boforc him, whom ho knew walked in hell. When Reuben hurried towArds Penwithen, and Btumblod'eometimes as ho trndged along tno oeaon, ms watcher seemed to be un. decided whether to mako himself known, but ho let hiin ollmb tho otlfZ first, then, rushing up as easily as a ohamois rushes up a mountain path, ho saw that he must do hiBi work quickly, Oaco on tho headland again Reuben's heart beat lighter. Hvon the last night's deed did not trouble him so much now, and so, 'grimly- smiling as he felt tho.paokot lying safely over his heart, he journeyed rapidly towards his homo, Presently, how over, bis quick ear deteoted a sound, ond ho was about to tarn are and whoa he felt a stealthy hand- toiten luelf upon his arm like toe grip of steel, whllo a low, mocking voice sold to him : "I want to speak, to you, Reuben Pen withoa," CHAPTER II, , DESPAIR I ' " The eorrowa of death compassed mo and thdpalns of hell gat hold apon me," — PSALMBi ' "And it was all play, andno ono oonld tell what it had lived and worked for. A striving . and a striving, and anAonding In nothlDg," . " — OlilVB fiODBBINEB. Rouben. Btartod in terror. He had thought ha was alone, ho never dreamed, in sptto of his watohings, that any ono but himself could bo' out at., eush' an hour, on Buch a night, And so he gasped,— \- it no we yon i wnac ao yon want I" 41 Buvoral things," was the quiet reply By tbls timo he had got .over his surprise a little, and ho looked up into the tooo- of the man who spokoso strangoly, " Ishmael PoagellyJ" j " Yes, You didn't think . I was so Interested in your movements, oh ? Well, I am, you leo." ; 41 what do you want!" 41 know yory well, I want what yon fltole, what ( haya beoR seeking for jcoia" pid h® know wqat bud' been done, npd where he had eon | . Reuuon did not know i bat hedotermtocd to Btruggle to tho oqd, "I've only a fo\7 pounds, with tpo, lob maol Pongolly, If you'd asked mo la a propor way 1 would havo lot yon have them readily, Bat it scorns you prefor becoming a midnight robbor, t Well, I exported It of you," 41 Fortunately, 1 do not want your monoy, I only claim my rights; minw «nd mother's. You possess' wnat does not belong to you, and I claim It," " What do yoa mean ?" 44 Yoa know what ' moan, , Michael Penrose's VlU," ' titlik mad on that? hopo novor woe a will : "Voty wall, than I'll ho oqnfonf with what TOO iiU la TQ'ar hroast poo hot." "Bioaotpockotl My— you— you raw "Uawi cortainly I did. I kopt ray oyra opou lor that." .... ... Then Peawlthon lost Ms prtsonoa ol mlnfl " Bat how— how difl yoa hnowt"ho criod, " Know 1" replied Ishmael I " I told you'l know, Yoa -thooght yoa weto aloao to- rdliht Wdtl, yon weren't | I lollowcd 1 saw yoa eater the cave. 1 raw yoa taka the will Irom its hldtOff place. . Xou bavo it notr— give it to mi." (l „ ""#.sna cant that-"1— . J— , .-' aha lttlet. Yoa ko, my I mado sure that the letter would fetch yon, and it has." "You scheming demon I" cried Bonbon, maddened by too cool mockery of his tormentor. "Yes, we'va both sohemod. I to gain my rights, you to keep what was never yours. Bat I schcmod but, Yoa ore too much of a coward to bo successful in what yon do. Your nerves are of putty, mine of steel# There's tho diflerenco#" Ishmael held him In tho eamo steady grip, never missing a single movement of his body. " it. wasn't a will I took" said Beubon. " It was somothing whdob does not affeot you in the slightest degree# But 1 11 got yon what yoa wont. Come to me in tho morning and yon "bqii havo it." " It wouldn't bo oonvonlent for mo to como in tho morning," paid ishmaol mook- togly ; "you see, I'm so much interested in thoso Lolant mines. Rvor sinoe yon wore so anxious, through Squire BetalUok, to put ilvo hundred pounds u thorn for mo, uvau wuiUB aavo ON a wonuorcui zaeoui ation," and ho laughod'a low, bitter tough, Reuben writhed ao ho heard this taunt. Tho young man had soon through bis every movement. " Besidos, "Ishmaol went on," I'vo a very strong desire to see what yon took from the eavo. It must havo a carious history, and as yon say it does not affoot me, there can bo no pocsiblo objection." Rouben hesitated a minute, thon he said huskily— " Very well, yoa shall boo it." Ishmaol loosened his grip somewhat then, and Bonbon who had anticipated mado a sudden struggle, and slipped from his grasp Ho mado a wild leap forward, and fled for lifo. A minnto later ho was hurlod to tho ground with terrible forco. " Very well," sold ishmael t " slnoo ono way will not succeed another mnsb bo fcriod." With so gontle hand ho tore tho ooat open, and took the packob away from tho prostrate man at his foot. He put it in nis own pooket, and buttoned sis coat carefully over it, while Bonbon, who had been stunned by tho fall, reoo slowly to his foot# fly this timo Ishmaol woo boooming ox rated. His oyes gleamed rod, and his hands quivered with passion# Every nerve WAS hiffhlv atronff. At la«fc hn ma vln. torions. Long years he hod been waiting for this timo, waiting, watching, and soheming. Now that he had found too will the lands were his, and to him that meant home, happiness, heaven I He felt that ho possessed a groat treasure, and the mn or men who took It from him wonld havo a terrlblo work bofore them. Ho no longer folt that he ooold mook Bonbon; ho wantod to pour out his hatred in burning, bitter words. Still ho retained command ovor himself, and still watched tho ho had so far conquered# But tho battle was not ended yet. "Giro that baok," criod Bonbon "It is not yours; it to mine." Prove it yours at a court of tow, then." " Yes, 1 Willi and if thoro u a towin the land yon shall snffor for this, yon thieving, murdering——" " Words are cheap, names ore cheap," said Ishmaol# " I tool Uko calling yoa names. You who havo ruined my mother's lifo and blighted mine# Yoa.who for fivo- and-twenty years havo grown tot on what has novor belonged to you, you who bavo tried to rain my proepeoto, my lifo, yon who have embittered my heart, and mado tho earth blaok. But nover mind, the day of reckoning has oomo, and now wo sea who will win# Porhapa when you lie in a felon's cell, and your children are cursed by your evil deeds, you will know that you made a bad bargain whon you sold your soul to tho dovil in order to rob a dofenooless girl of her rights. < But you'll sutler. You have suffered for'flve- and'twenty years and you will suffer to the end." "And .do you., think you will not suffer too?" criod Reuben.- " Oo yon think you will have all things in your way. If I sold my toulto the devil, haven'tyou t Haven't you' given yourself over to hate, and cruelty for kevengo 9 ' Whioh to tho worse, you or 1 9 i I sultered for twenty-flvo years, you sayi'yes, and you will suffer as long as you live if I've sown lies, you've sown hate, mid God will make you reap hell, aa he hae made me reap It." Bouben Penwithen scorned to forgot himself as ho said this# For a minuto nto eyes were opened to truth, and he eaw things in a new light. Even lehmael's heart quailed as he heard Hie words, whloh no somehow folt were trno; Bui only for a moment. M know nothing of your thoology," he said; "it to not in my lino, I'll got my rights, and risk nil the rest. I'll get those 1 love in . tbo old house, and reioioe that you reap what you've sown in a felon's cell, and. of tor that on a-i— " , " You nover wiU oried Beuben, o new light flashing in His eyes for- o moment. "The thing jou'to token from mo is forged : it is so irorthless as tho paper on whioh it is written. Michael Penrose sorer mado a Will." . . - : . Ishmaol laughed, "I'll ohanoo that. Bonbon Ponwitheni and if 1 were yoa I would think a little boforo I mado oilly ototomonto. Ton ohohld have wotohod old Margery Goudgo morooloooly. Ton should havo listonod to heii ooiiverattons with old Solly Grigg when she was dying. Death frightera peoplo, it mskoo them toll." ' What do yon moon F" gasped Bonbon. " Mean. I moon that Margery .Gondge madoaoohfesslononher doath-bed. Bho wrote on a plooo of paper shortly boforo dying the truth about old'Miohael'a will oho signed it with her own hand, and old ly witnessod it. . I'vo got that oon- fession. Bonbon Penwithon. Do yon think I'd; dare to matoh myself with yon until 1 was prepared t For yoars I've boon waiting tor tods, 1 ehonld havo triod this means of getting. tho .wiU before; only 1 imow yon wbnla bring np your forgery etoiy." . "The oonfesslon is a forgery too I" yelled Bonbon, "the wholo thing ie tramped np I" . ; , ; . "we'll seo": raid . lehraaol, "As It hflnnnni. SaIIv ii ntllmiwiiiss - , 'rii true but Bcuriblc, qullo iszuiblo, 5l were a canting hypoczito liko you, and went to Ohapel liko youdo.I should say that thtre wai.treth in that laying abonfc tho wiieels of God grlnding slowly, bnt grinding exceeds ingsuoil," . .. Boring ! this time thoy had besn standing toco to tooo, taoh watering the other, eaoh trying to fees the weakness in each other's armour, bat at the&o; lait (wtfd of Ishmaor Benbonseomed to loao kil cqhbrol over him self, and mado a frantio lcap at the young man, ad madly tried to wrest tho will from him, A® wo havo eatf, Boubsn wu a strong span, and had peon tr&juod; In tho art of wrestling, Moreover, hlo strength at trio tlmo was tho etiangth of despair. If ho conld onao got tho will baok again, and born It, thero wonld ba hopo' oven yot, eo bo ' straggled' with a ghastly) unnatural fitzesgth. Bat' bo had matched hlmsolf with .a man far stronger than' Hmenif, Tho loosoly-bnllt, rawboncd, nngainly youth hod grown' to bo as strong as a young giant, Every physical feat that could bo attofflptod daring tho years ha had attempted, every posslblo aeons of strengthening his body ho had used, .antll.hls sinews liko steel. Besides, 'if Boubsn had some thing to'tragglo for, so hod he j and so tho battio proved unequal 4galn tho older man lay on tho ground, an inert moss,- whllo Ishmael stood ovor rim, his meat -Cots olenohed . "Noj.Bnuben Penwithen, " ho Bald, "you didn't fled John Fnwer to deal with this time, did yoa? I'm not bo easily thrown ov«r a cliff, Ha| ha I" and his mocking laugh made Penwithon's flesh crcsp. "It's a llol" bo 'otlsd In agony, (feollng bow closely tho not of hia destruction was beioff dtown around him, l4 It's a llo I" 44Thonmy eyea Red, Maw. you, but I didn't get up soon enough to stoptho docd. Oh, I've a strong oasor and tho world shall know. A felosrtefllil Ah, I torgct, H'U be tbogeUml" ; . speak H C&li; ProT0 it I - Dflod men can't "That's true, and Eraser's dead, Isn't ho? But pooplo toll things before they die, Aa U happened, tho cliff was tor from perpendloular thiro, and hit toll was broken. Bo I rnshod to the bcaoh by a pathway Borland found him bruised and battered/' \- . he's not dead j thank God for that I" ' 44 People don't foil that dlstanco and live 8/ rspllod Ishmael, 41 Bat I carried him to his boot, and deicrlbsd on paper what yoa had dono, and ho wrote his namo to it, d it was witnetsed, and hot by me only." Beubon Penwithen rose to hlo feet slowly. Nolongor was there wild passion In his oyes, out a look of sullen despair. An unnatural calm seemed torcri upon him, and all desire for strngglo was gono. " Yore well, Ishmael," he said ; " you've done what yoa almod to do. Yoa' vo worked "V aestraetlon ; you've rained tho lives of my ohlldren, I'to dono all I could, and yonwe conquered, I robbsd Judlth and aocdvea her, and Judith's son was reared for vengeance. Well, you'vo got It. Novai mlndj I ve lived in bell, so mil yon. I've stoned for self and greed and pride,' and afterwords for tbo love of my, ohlldren j you havo tinned in hatred gqfl cruelty and revenge. You havo won tbo battle f but you'B no It," Ishmaol liitoned like ono in a dream. It Memea as though a cold hand were laid on his hears aa Bonbon spoke, and he could not wpij. "lm going baok to Ponwlthen," Bonbon went on i "1 shall not inhabit it long, but I must go baok now. You can do your worst t It doesn't matter, it's only a llttls whllo." He went away . without speaking another word. Ishmaol stood and watched titn,. By this tlmo the iky had become clear, giid tbo moon shono brightly. Ho walked liko an old man, Bvmetlmoshoreeled, Still, he mado his way to the bono whero his ohlld ren lav, and through tho lands whloh he had sinned to obtain and to koep. Presently Ishmaol gave a sigh. His joy now was not so great as he hod expected, but there was a feeling of grim satisfaction in his heart. 14 At but, at last," he murmured, "and now it's all mine, all mine How pleasod mother will be, ay, and how pleaied Graco will be. It shall be her homo, hor lands ; wgGtuci we win oujoy it. when I'vo finished this work I will find her, and thon I shall bo able to rest." Then he wandered away towards Coombs- head, bogging to rii body the words old Miohaol hod written before bo, Ishmael. was bom. Aa lor Reuben, ho went baok like ono tunned. Tho tin of twenty-five years was dlsoovered, and proved. Boon it would bs known to ths world, soon his namo would be a by-word among tbo people, and hla ohlldren despleid and avoided. All his care to mako his position was In vain now, all his aristocratlo acquaintances would closo their doors against him. And ho deservod it. well, well, it would not be for long. Alter all, his oaly grief now was for his children, it was hard that they should suffer for him, but so It was. Oh, it had beon a weary, weary struggle, and It bod ended in deloat, terrible defeat, and disgrace, And suppose it had ended in victory, what then f Ah, tbo game wss not worth tho candle. He had neen far happier, far bettor as Riuben Penwithon, of Oarioggas, than as Bonbon Penwithen, Kiq., owner of Ponwlthen. Strange as it may seom, he scarcoly re gretted that the will was taken from him, Cgncealod guilt, with a oomtont fear of discovery, was bat llttlo better than dls oovered guilt. All would bo known soon, but, he would not know what tha world said. Ho was determined on that. He entered Penwithon Hottso in tho aamo stolid way, and, as if by instinct, turned towards tho library, whero ho had brooded eo many hours. He oat down in the old arm ohair, and remained motionless for hoars ; thon he roso up and, opening his desk, began to write. He rapidly soribblod a dozen pages, then read them, as if he wanted to see whether ho Rod ex pressed his thoughts correctly. . When he had dono this, he threw all he had written into the fire, and began again. . This time he did not write so much, just a oouplo of pages of note-paper. " That will do," hef> said- when he had finished. "I cannot confess my guilt to them, I oan only warn them. They will know soon enough; he will gloat over their suffering, ho will laugh at their die grooe." Calmly ho folded the paper, and plaocd it in an envelope, wrion his carefully sealed. Thon he wrote in a. dear, stead v hand:— "For my boy Bertie, ' And my maid Graoo. " To bo read when I am gono. '' May the Lord have mcroy upon them and Upon me. \ wnataoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.M',<. ... , Ho placed tho noto inside the desk, but he did not look it. .'They will be sure to turn to it,"ho said. " And they will have no difficulty in guesBing the reBt" , He sank back hi his choir again, and began to brood. . Evidently he was thinking deeply, and woighinq'EOrao dread altoraa- tw., tor spasms of pain often 'rerouted thopseires In Ms fooe, his hands twltohod nerrensiy. ' Tes.it is best," ho hinssd. presently, "It ranst ' bo beet. When I Urn aend; peoplewiU pity the ohildrsn. . ' Poor yennff.thinRs P thoy will say, thoy cannot holp it. if! liro tlioy will ;havo moro to bear. Noi l wili onrso thorn as little as I osn. Bosides, pooplo often pity a criminal aftor he s hanged. ' He wont to a cupboard and tmloakod It. thep he took from thoro on old pistol.. It was on antiquated weapon, bnt deadly not- withstonding. and he looked at it ooimiy. oorlonsly. After thia he -took :a powder H«k ana a shot-hag from the onphoard. Ho;oarofully moaanrea ont the powder and emptied It into tho barrel of the pistol, cautlounly knooking tho etook so that the p®waor might oomo book to tho nipplo. With a steady hand ho .rammed'ln tho powder, and afterwords poured the shot into hia hand. Thoy . were lorgc-rizod buckshot, ond four, of these ho plaood iu tho pistol, and pressed them down ao coolly as u loading his gun for a day a shooting. Thon ho plaoed a cap on tho nipplo, pressing it carefully down with tho cook of thoplstol. - "There," ho Bold, "I think that's all ready; and as far, as I know there's nothing to writ for.' . . . '"Uuy look camo into his oyos,ond lips tromblod. oni" h® muttorod, tho ond of oll'my soheming, all my hopes, uy toare. .\YeU„bettor this than to bo bei -tho magifltrates, and after judgo.'ond bavo it proved against mo that 1 havo boon' a trier,' a defrauder, a f?,od <Joai bettor. WoU, lot trio bo' tho cud/ ' Ho lifted tho piotol in his hand, - What will it bo afterwards P" ho mut torcdjV/what, I wondorf WoU, I ohall coon know. No hell can bo woree .than tho hoU I vo boon in. : Booldeo, it. is my duty to tho children I 'thb not is drawn around mo; on ovcry rido, every ridoi' . Well—" ?o otofhsd griltflyfor ho hoard a stop outsiaoihordoor, - fHOihad forgoiten that wo zught had passed and that tha morning nod como, and - so did <not know that- tho servants had ontcycdthb kitohon ; but tho noise aroused blm, «W®U, Ifcrn tlmo Onoagh, Ifo tlmo enough, ho thought, as ho put tho pistol Jow.ms pocket i "tlrao enough, but I'll Iteop it haindv through tho day. No doubt, work, and soon thoyTI bo horo, WoU, thoyll not find muoh whon 'thoy oomo t I'll toko care of that."' 1 Quioldy ho . lookod tho cupboard, and mado tho room tidy; then noblcariy ho vrontto hlo ' bodroora, and washed Vtimwolf and brushed hio olothos. This dono, ho seemed to ba lighting a. groat battle with hlmsolf | -but tno matter in his mind waa coon eottlcd. "Tco, I'll go down, and meet tbqm, X want thoa to think m kindly of mo CD tin: I cfitb no- mntaan>4j mi e!t;r r.TfWirJ i hearing: Toicos In the dining, room, ho des cended, nnd .thero .grootod Bortio ohaer- f uliy , , and kissed- Graco sffeotlonfttoly. Throngh the brenkfut hour, too, ho chatted plossantly, although ho oonstantiy looked oat of the window, nnd towards tho door, as though, oxpoMng. visitors. A/tor broakfaat, ho ognin wont to the library, pleading thot he had mnoh to' do, mid there he sat thronghont the day, listening, wstohing, and tninkln'g. To his surprise; ho had no callers. All wsnt on oq usual. His lunch was brought to tho library, but tho servants noted just Qs ususl. Eridently nothing hod reoahod their ears. Still, ntovory sound ho grasped his pistol, nnd their whon'ho know that no one had come, he would drop it again with a sigh of relief. "'Lifo fa Very QWeet, after ail," he would murmur, "and- 1.. would .liko to livo, and atono for tho past, if only for tho ohlldren's soke. , But i6 oauaot bo. j Ho can . show no 1 una so ic q only a matter of hours, just a matter of hours." - . Presently ths.darknen came on, and still 4 52 5 HJjoooJ, no sign' of oAliers. It j was not liko rim to be so tardy—what was i !?!?niD?0.1,1". Well, Ho would go ont, l and taks a hut look at tha bonis end lend. . Ths moon sbous aloarly,anrl bo oonld see bettor to.nJgSI, The olonds had gono, ths night was frosty. ..." . —ont out fnto tbo night, and looltd lovingly st tho old grey wall., end at tho old lumoaodgarden) tbra.leoilngstrongorwlth tbefreibeir, hswcnt.lnto thelanslandlu If impelled by an over-mratoring, lmpuiw, ho 'ra»Id» Ttotagel. It wu a long watt, but hi rosohsd the village at length, and entered tho Bosoastlo rood. ' "I .can't hsip it, ".ho raid to himself, "I muBcgo. Ho hurried along as though he had an ia- poitani engagement to keep/ and byandby a look of dellriam camo Into his eyes. Then hoMughcd a wild, freuzlod linghi ... wgoroer, nest together life wIU toe. u., imd tbo flah wfil sat u., and we «i"ii bo beaten against ths rook, together." ra. .trX? ,0X?"en whst I .Mural had said, for tbo time be was mad; Bomorio, despair, nad for tho tlmo nnsottlod his mind. He camo to tho apot wharf he and John Eraser wte b. found . pathway u j . .. ,rooa on while tho sea sargod at feet, flianding tbira alone, his frensy loft rim, „ became sail on and remorseful again. ' at W0Ikf at work." ho thouoht i 44 very likely the police are at tho house by now. Of coarse, It took some time for him to get tho warrant. What'U tho children say? Ob, it's hard to die J And jot I throw mm over. He must havo fallen just here." Ho landed he heard voices on tho heights above blm, and the thought that camo to his W waa lhat Hhmael and the police had followsd rim. 44 Thoy shall nover have mot" he cried, never I ' and he plunged Into the sea. He sank into tbo deep waters, And tho waves relied over him, whUo tbo palo moon thono brightly, and tho etan crept out ono br one. ' To b$ Continued. 