THE ELECTIONS. Tiie result of the general elections bo far go to bear out the prediction we indulged a fortnight ago, that the new Parliament, at least as far as the Lower House waB concerned, would be iub moderate if not more moderate in. character than our first constitutional Parliament. We .cannot tsay that we are at all surprised at the election of the new men in the three divisions of forth. The three old members for the Metro* polis were, all things considered, .a politi cally weak trio, and we cannot think that the reputation of the .House of Assembly is likely -to suffer by their removal from the political stage. Tho only one of the three who made any at tempt to carve out an independent line of action in Parliament was Mr. Cann ing, the lat© member for East Pertly and he gave up the opposition ghost after a few months ag^jpyhea "the post of Chairinan of $>«,.« me -vacant through tho resignation ,of Mr. Bandell, as. lempora-y member ;for the Moor*. For the last two >ws ia id a h. «IE Mr. Canning was entirely .bereft of any effective political standing au4 no dou*»t on last Thursday woefc the "electors of such an important aou *tife»enoy must ha^e fet that their .future .member should be something more than ft mew?.parliamentary offic ai. 'The ovet whelming and generally un expected defeat of that gentleman must .be taWea. esthi*r a .testimony of tlio great airength of .his -opponent, Mr. JaTnce,<jrjas an evideuceof the personal . unpopularity of Mr. .Canning ^ for with .one, or two unimportant exceptions bath candidates sto <dui<on similarly advanced ©laUoinm. In the case of West Berth, ?there can be m>datibt whatever that the largest -constituency in the colony has lettered its representative standing by yet^ning Mr. B. C. Wood, who is quite -as liberal in his .political programme as Mr Quiu'an. The latter gentleman's main claim tested on hiB personal intimacy .with -a large section of the electors, and his possession of .the seat [for the term of last Parliament. While ,he was, perhaps, eager and anxious to .better qualify himself and improve his ipelttieal knowledge, it cannot be said Ahat the Jate member -displayed auy ithing approaching the ability to be ex pected from the representative of such Atl advanced constituency .as W est Perth. Considering the fortunate worldly position occupied by Mr. .Quinlan, he Aad excellent opportunities, which he- seems-ti have missed, of strik ing out, however crudely, an indepen dent line of action in Parliament. To those who had liot scrutinised the.Perth ^Central) electoral roll and taken note of its conservative personnel as a whole, Mr. Molloy's defeat by a large mojority vcame, perhaps, as a surprise, especially when remembering the strength of Mr. Molloy's former opponent, Mr. Edward Keaue, who was defeated by a small jnajorily in January 18S2. That elec tion* however, was decided on the ?Water-works scandal agitation, in which Mr. Molloy took the popular side, and iMr, Keane's defeat -was due more to the careless and vacillating standee as . Bumed than to Mr. ^ Molloy's fitness to .represent the principal propertied disr trict iu the colony. When summing up ?.the causes of last week's contest in the premier electorate, the above facts ;sh6uld be taken into consideration in injunction with the circumstance that the - roll .vae just twice as large as in ? 1892. The election of Mr, liandell was, therefore, in accordance with " the eternal fitness of things," and in ithat gentleman the Legislative Assembly will Becure at least-a .capable Chairman ,©f Committees ^besides >& forcible de~ Jaaler out of Committee. By the Perth Sections the Government have gained a straight-out supporter in Mr. Wood, i»nd whh Mr. ttandell in his old position 5they w.ill have practically silenced two of the centres of former discontent and .opposition. In foot it would seem from i4he returns in contested and unopposed .electorates, tip to date, that fair Jolin Forrest's Government .may .count on a long lwe of power with as large, if not a larger,,majority 'than that which fup* ported the Ministry for the past few years. A contemporary has given, it as its opinion that rthe three metropolitan contests were decided on the question 1 Education. We can see no proof .jat such was tho case, and beaming in ,«iind that the journal in question was jSXiainly responsible for introducing the subjectito the electors, its prejudice .is perhaps pardonable. On the contrary, .everything points to 'the belief that netsonal popularity combined with the Sei»ti«! political virtues o£ the old member* assisted largely the new men In fceirSght for victory. Ae JEreman tie has returned Ue old members it « unneceBSMj to comment upon the toot tether than to say that the small ?mai'oritf ia the .case of Mr. Munmon .and the minority of Mr. Pearse when Spared With the combined ^erato voteof Messrs. Baker and MOBS, afford evidence o£ a great change of feeling m tt-kk second town of the colony . y Se the nest general elections come . ^und^ we shall, no doubt, hove to deal with mnr? organised democratic foi'CPfl I in Perth an i Pieman tie with the in ? .evit.ble lesult ot an a;iuoat -complete chango .in the representation oi: those radical centres But for the present it .is juufc ae well, as we have repeatedly-' affirmed, that radical le^is-a'iion will have no place ia the eiiauiug ilarJia-. incut. 