'For the com-t tlutt tacki uratuio Tm the wrmz tlmt ue-4i iwWmim For (he tmtnre Is {be dlrtwio* kni tU good Ibit we cut do.' TUESDAY, JAK. 16, 1894, OUR CHOICE. Electors of tbe Cumberland district are iu a particularly unpleasant position. Those of a certain portion of it, namely, the electors residing in Zeehan, obfaiued a great victory. They voted for the West Coast member in the proportion of three to one. Such a preponderance in favor of one member in one district means much. It has been said all over the colony, in the public press and by word of mouth, that the residents of the West Coast are fools, It has been said they have elected the worst man of the two candidates. Whether Mr Urquhart is a worse man than Mr Brown we do not pretend to say, but we do say that the West Coast had to assert itself, and that it did so. The West Coast is supposed to have 6aid that Mr Brown could uot represent it so well as Mr Urquharfc. The West Coast said nothing of the sort. It said, ?'our interests have been neglected, our importance has been overlooked, aud we intend to assert our import ance.' By electing Mr Urquhart the West Coast proved its power and showed that political parties had neglected to take into their calculations (he political factor represented by the West Coast. Politicians have now found out their mistake, and have decided to use all their influence against tbe expression of opinion and the effort to get political power made by tbe West Coast in the Cumber land election. Mr Urquhart was not the choice of the West Coabt because he paid he would promote the adop tion of certaiu principles, but he was the choice of the West Coast because he represented a protest against the neglect of (he West Coast in Parlia ment. Both Houses have regarded the West Coast hitherto as a milch cow. They have looked upou it as 'the place above alt from which they Leonid get revenue ; they have not considered the axiom that for every profit there is a corresponding duty. They bave said that a big amount has been expended on the West Coast, and that, therefore, it ought to be taxed. But instead of taxing it according to the amount expended on it, they simply tax it to make up the deficiency in revenue. What we are liable for we have shown. What we are liable for we are paying. The West Coast is clear of liabilities. Now, the Government wish to put us to the expense of a fresh election for Cumberland. We say the Govern ment intentionally. We do not believe that Mr Brown wishes afresh election for Cumberland. We believe that Mr Brown has been compelled by the Ministry to lodge the petition agaiust Mr Urquhart's return. Mr Brown told the electors that lie was a poor man, therefore he cannot afford to stand the cost of fighting a petition iu tbe Supreme Court Somebody else is standing the cost, and is trying to bluff the West Coast electors with the idea that Mr Urquhart will not pay the cost of opposing the petition. Were the grounds of the petition sound no *one would support it more thoroughly than the 'Zeelian Herald.' But whether the grounds of the petition are sound or not, the West Coast will back their choice for the next election for Cumberland. Mr Brown got 113 votes on Zeehan for the Cumberland election. Mr Brown, for the Montagu election, by the exercise of a little diplomacy, might have got 613 votes. But if the petition is carried through, and Mr Brown gets a favorable verdict, or if Mr Brown stands for Montagu now, he has not got a ghost of a ehow to be returned as member for tbe electors residing on the West Coast. No man had a better chance np to Friday of being elected for Montagu than Mr Brown. After to day, he frill not, if returned for Cum berland, have, Jbf. confidence of one single miner on the West Coast. He was rejected for Cumberland simply because Parliament, despite his hard work for the West Coast, refused to recognise the im portance of the West Coasi. The thinking portion of the electors of the West Coast would have put him in for Montagu had he worked for the amendments to the mining law which we submitted to Ministers' consideration when they were last on the field. His programme and Mr Urquhart's were similar, and the addition of one or two details would have compelled all consistent electors to vote for him. But the petition is founded on grounds which we do not believe Mr Brown believes in. We believe Mr Browu has been illad vised. He has worked too hard for the West Coast in past times to be capable of spoiling I he show he had to represent the electors of Montagu had he exercised his own judgment. Unfortunately he has been misguided, and the issue must be fought out. The election for Cumberland can be upset on two grounds, if proved. One is that the poll at Remine was not opened (ill noon on election day. It is asserted that the delay prevented enough electors from voting for Mr Browu to alter the result of the election. It may be to. We leave it to the electors and the public to determine. It is also asserted that Mr Urquhart exercised undue in fluence on voters by 'treating,' whatever that means. As the case is sub judice we cannot say thnt the charge is a lie. If the case was uot sub judice we might say it was a lie. But just now we dare not eay one thiug or the other. Doubtless electors will judge for themselves, but we do dare to say this, that the voice of the West Coast has been pro nounced honestly, and that in every future election it will be pronounced, aud if not with equal effect, at any rate with equal honesty. Mr. Bnmn and his friends may upset the election, but they will never counteract the widespread recognition of the neglact tbe West Coast has experienced at the bauds of Parliament 