A SCHEME THAT WORKED. By W. J. Lampton. Fred Burgess was a young feUew of 24, and, after the fashion of youngsters Of that number of years, desperately in lore. The young woman who had led him captive was four years his junior ; pretty, popular, and poor, and juBt coquettish enough to keep Freddie on the ragged edge most of the time—a not unusual characteristic of young women under similar conditions. In addition to this, he had no idea that the girl loved him, or, rather, permitted him to love her. because his father was very rich and had promised Fred a handsome mm on his wedding day. To a girl . fond of society as Harriet was, Fred knew that money was an object, and, while he was ready to furnish the money to a wife, he did not wish to furnish the money for a wife—a nice distinction1 that some men with money sometimes overlook. Fred's father wa3 a handsome widower of 45, and was more elder brother than father to a boy, and their comradeship and community of interests were the subjects of many pleasantries among their friends. " How about the girl, Fred ?" asked the father one day, as they sat in the library. " Which girl 1" smiled Fred. "The best,one, of course." " You mean Harriet 7" Fred's face grew longer. " Well, pop," he said familiarly, "I don't know exactly, and I don't like to aay what I think." "Oat with it, my boy," urged the father ; " between us we ought to be a match for any woman alive," " I don't want you to be a match for tins one," ventured Fred, shyly. Mr. Burgess bowed his acknowledg ments "Permit me to say equal to any woman," he smiled. " Granted," said Fred ; " and I think : we ars; bat yon ean't 'most always sometimes telL" The hither indicated some surprise. " She isn't going to fly the track, is she ?"he asked. > " No, not that; she's going to stay on ana make therace, but Firiafraid it's > entirely for the parse that's up." " O, ho," laughed the father ; "she's making a shy at the shekels, is she ?" "Jffo, pop," protested Fred: *4I wouldn't say that; only I'm afraid she might be." Mr. Burgess become thoughtful and Fred was silent for some time. "Frederick, my chicken," said he after a wMle, lying his hand On the yonagffian's shoulder," I hare a scheme; great schemeand he tapped his *ome of thought with much personal pride. " Where did you get it, papa 7" asked . Fred banteringly ; " import it 7" " No, my son ; I manufactured it right here'at home." again tapping his \- forehead. " Now you sit down and let me tell you about it." " Wait till I brace myself, in order to j resist the shock," said Fred, seating himself deep down in a ;big easy chair. " Let her go, pop, I'm ready," and pop thereupon proceeded to let her go. Three months later Mr. Burgess and Fred were in the library of the Burgess j mansion once more, Fred haying re turned only that day from a risit to some friends in England. " Well, Father Burgess," he said, with unusual impatience, " how did the scheme work ?" " My boy, my boy," groaned Mr. B. lugubriously, "I'm not in it sixty seconds." " Wouldn't it work ?" asked Fred in! a disappointed tone. j " Let me tell the harrowing tale," and x Mr. Burgess fixed himself comfortably, j $"-A month after yon left, in my coy and j diffident manner, I asked Miss Harriet j one day on the street if I couldn't walk home with her. She was just too sweet for anything,"—Fred winced—" ani Mid it would charm her beyond ex pression. So I walked along with her, talking abont you and other young men. Miss Harriet was enraptured to hear what I said of you and of the other young men, and then very demurely said she thought older men were so much nicer. Then I was channel!, and when we reached her home she invited me to call with such a winning grace that I couldn't resist it, and accepted the invitation in my very best style." Fred got up and tramped around the library awhile. "Confound the women," he sail " Did yon go ?" " Didn't I go ?" responded the father witba semi-whoop, "Well, I should say I did, and until four days ago I didn't give one of those other youngsters a ghost of a chance at any ^By the way, Fred," he added fallyr^Ht-cests like the mischief Msourt a girl right these days, doesn't ;? I -had no idea it was snch an ex ye luxury." writhed in his chair. jjjGkt on," he said almost sternly, Ih, I did go on," laughed the ""and she encouraged me, too, r Jore, young fellow, I became so " I couldn't stop going on." oked at his father in amaze ; fljis thing continued he felt disagreeable would but he said nothing, limed Mr. Burgess, four m., X called for the ime, and my miiij was v-jfco have that girl in the family, had to prove myself a traitor to i%tt»d almost forgot him«df, bat he .!i h» noweif of restraint, "Said I," continued Mr. Bargees, 'after I had beaten around the emotional bash for half an hoar, ' Miss Harriet, yon hare become very near and dear to me.' "' Yes V she smiled,' I'm so glad.' "' Thank yon,' said I, «and now, withont farther preliminaries, I want yon to be my wife.'" Fred stood np straight and looked down fiercely on his father. " Yes," said that gentleman, as if Fred were enjoying it, " those are the exact words I used on that interesting occasion, and I nsed others and kept on using them, bat she only shook her pretty head. "'Just think,' said I, coaxing my very best,' how nice it would be for yon to be Fred's stepmother.' "'How, Mr. Bargess,' said she in response to this argoment, and she smiled in a way that made me want to grab her, ' don't yon think it woald be erer so tnach nicer for me to be Fred's wife?'" Fred laughed hysterically and kicked an unoffending ottoman clear over the table. " 'No, I don't,' said I, trying to take her hand. "' Well, I do,' said she, dropping her smile and getting firm in the fac9, ' and that is where we differ to an extent that you, with all your money and good looks and palavaring and experience cannot hope to change in a million years. If there is any other relation to your family that I wonid prefer, above being Fred's wife, it might be to - : your stepmother jnst long enough . give yon the spanking yon deserve, trying to persuade me to be disloyal . J Fred, while he is absent and oannot see what is going on, so he conld put a stop to it. Good evening, Mr. Bargess,' I and with these unkind remarks to your! devoted and loving old father, my boy, your dear Harriet flonted oat of the room and left me sitting there feeling like an idiot, four stories tall and as big around as a barn." Fred jumped np and threw hia arms around bis father's neek. " Pop, old boy," he exclaimed joyfully. "you're a trump." " Yes, my boy, I know it," sighed Mr. Burgess, "but yeu've taken the trick, and I'm going to dednct from your wedding present what it eost me to court that girl while yon were away, and I wish you would tell her so with my compliments." 