LE BEAU MONDE. Mr. and Mrs. P. C. IJrodribb lmvo returned io Wynlla. Sir I'ntrluk Jennings passed through town on Tues day en route for lirlsbime. ' Miss .iciinlnuB was In town on Tnexliy as th* guest of .Mra. jKncas McDonnell. Mr. nml Mr?. .T. W. Rylance nrc staying nt Henncssy's Queen's Hotel. Miss EvatuT iti paying n short visit to friends In uriHUiuio. Mr. and Mn, G. G. Clark, of Tnlgnl, were in town Tor n dny or tno'ns guests of Miss B. Evans. Mrs. MeDoiigall, ot Lyndhnrst, Warwick, lias re' turned homo after a brief stay with Mrs. Mackenzie, Q.N. Hank. Miss Ceeil Milman is the Client of Mrs. Clomlinnlng' N.S.W. Bunk. Miss Micfurlano is on a visit to Mrs. 'Arthur ? Mort' Frahklyn Vale. ? Mrs. Cameron, who has been sjiomlinir tho winter mouths in Brisbane, returned to Fiiirholmi! on Satur day. Mr. Charlie Munro pnssed through by mail train on Wednesday night, en route for Brisbane, after a six tnotitU'8 visit to England. The marriage of Mr. McNloh, solicitor, Brisbane, and Miss lie Oruuliy, wan celebrated at Highfickls on Thiu-tdny la-it. The marring* of Miss Sims, to Mr. Albert Stuinm, na* ccjlclir.itcil by tlm Uer. T. Jones, of Imloormipilly, ut the residence of the brido'B parents, on Wednesday 3rd instant. The wedding which tor family reasons Wits « VUlj i|iuit uiiLi ^iiitii; L'viiifi uiiij nit; iciititico of the bride ami bridegroom present) took place at thu residence of the bride's mother, Hume-street. Mr. and Mis. Stiimm left by the afternoon train for Ilrlxbane. The evening before the we'dding Mrs. Sims entertained a number of friends in tho School of Arts. A most enjoyable cvoninir was spent, and many and sincere wore the cood wishes and congratu lations ottered to Miss Sims aud Mr. Stuniin. There wore many pretty dresses worn, among them being the following:— Mrs. i-ims black silk nnd jet, Mrs. (??room bluck satin, Mrs, MeLellan blnck, Mrs. McLean, lilaek and pink, tfrs. Tanner hlaek nnd pink, Mrs. Uox black and yeilow.Mrs. Morrilt black, Miss Hazard ciram crepe nnd pink surah, Miss G. Groom pale bine nnd silver, Mi™ Sims whito and pa e blue silk, Miss Kdcn white silk with sleeves and sash of buttercup silk, Miss Proem hclitroue crepe with ITllllll UIUHUII iinu ii.iii^iu.'', in ins mi wt'iiiiii iu'tn Mil 1 11 f Miss G. McLellan whito pearl-cmhroidercd net. Miss N. Groom cream silk relieved with crimson, Miss Down fawn and brown velvet, MisH Trercthnn white and pale blue, Miss I,. MoLcllan pale pink crepe, Miss lllnck pink satin with tinsel trimming. Tho engagement is announced of Mr. Monerifl' Scott, of Warwick, to Miss Bundcl, daughter ot Dr. Iiuudel of Sydney. Miss Blanch Evans leaves for Brisbane hy early train Saturday, (to-day). Mrs. Hodgson, and family returned to Kton Vale on Friday. A lesson tho 1'rcncli girl learns with her earliest grammar, and with surprising facility, is scr.i pulons atiention to the details of dress. Wcll-fliting gloves, neat and smartly polished shoes, a veil ex -1U1»!IU!J ui'u, uuL 11 nuii-t, ii*iuii.ii iit,*Lt-i;i;ii luu iimci/iiiic place of a skirt and waistband, no indicntion of plaquet hole or pocket, nml Ih- most inexpensive frock and hat will receive ' an air ' Hut reverse the case, 11s so many do, and Oil' n'liolc effect of an elaborate costume is completely destroyed. Let us quote a paragraph or two for you fromic liable sources that you may feel at ease in the future government of your wardrobe :— ' Madame T,a Mode's devotion to the coat and skirt for wearing with the loose blouse or light waistcoat shows no sign of diminution. So great is the rage for tlr's comfortable array, and so inexpensive have our good friends, the drapers, rendered it that it bids fair to become the positive uniform. Now that it is possible to lie coated and skirted for IS*, lid. we may expect to encounter Surah Jane thus attired walking niir with l»or 'vnniitr innti ' mi RnmliivK K.i fnv from giu'ng up the ghost the blouve Ims neqiiirod a new lease of life. Future chroniclers of vesture in this period wi'l undoubtedly immortalise the blouse as the garment of I lie decade, and certainly it is well worthy of the niche in the Valhalla, of fashion.' Xow for the head «»ur, Bonnets remain small and arc worn faroll'the face. Sunburnt and gold nistie straws are lirst favourites. In tlowers it will be ' roses, roses, all the war.' l'oppies, cornflowers, and violets come next i.i order, but the rose is to be the Queen for the season. 