Hire Ms. ANT) y E SKETCHESp bt :# BEBfOl^ Q THE BRIDAL OF RUBY—DONE IN dream—TWO A >^iVEr BORN DIED. (Copyright.—The Federal Association «f Journalists. THE BRIDAL OF RUBY- On the morning of the 17th February, 1880, the 5sttn, r far as the inhabitants of Central Australia , were concerned,. ro^e'in/ff sullen*, perfunctory fashion frptn. behind the banks vof thick clnuds that-shaflei* the peftks of the M'Bonnell R*&ge4.; It wfes bkrdly worth'its while to ^j&uiel-fojr; tlie benefit :pf the little cotopy thaife had settled. at the foot of tha obief peak of the range, distant, as tbvcww-fiieS. TBO miles from Palmerston, at Toft Darwi -i ,7 7 0 from Adelaide, 150b-ftoin Gape Cn*ier, on the West Comt,,and 1100 from &ockhampton;, in Qoeensliind'-^-aimoSt in tfee centre of the confetti. ' Td ffis iBOgth . of this port lie^e^ffie Raters, olLake AxiM^na;,' -apd ^n«mberies3 , mountain springs, in isome'-seaSons ^gurgle BMBiciilly; :lr Stfierfe roarJahd leap over robjr Mild and bastard 1 iVrearii' tin, until they jea^h |he plain,.. : wb>>*. • -tfwj sepiwate, toonite again and: form:« network • ofwacfcer-oourses for nearly-50 miles. At tbte'tfae of this ;Bt<^<ftase" creeks wire outjined merely by. stains of, shal-. lowpoolsi; .Rfl^iin some $ases only by t.be deposits of mineral sake that rose ghost like wthe-finmbre surface" of the creek. bed 1 drift : "Fill into l;he bac£-grpund a dark v iieftyy barred anGUboand with-iron and diorite, a few amak blovs'of tf rotten granite fortnation, with infiint sun-wys of; purple, and mabVe.,.;an^• •-J&W; struggiin^' painfully throu^tbebeayy .clouds lying, on the eastera : horipoi^ and thepicture as seen and * ufapprtftiated for- years by the settlehs'at ttuby Drift' is complete but for, one feature- lAi the foot of the range, andbuilt againstan out-crop of rock «o: that a- natural -back wall was secured, is a Tint—the residence of the onlj' wtiftg'" 1 people for a radiiis of 170 mfles.' , /The, scenery being in position the " leading; lady." makes her appearance from^thfc ; 4mt. And : such a lady—a tdl^lj^l^^i^jot^yaj^' from 30: to 40 ; ; A ^Jiwwy jmasculine figure with sextf&ifeFeasi;$ itramall red nose, jutting outuagrese^jjffi'om a small white face, Ufea'feo^.flrowmttgln'dttsty milk, and Dressed in.jpjar^ctly indescribable costume, ber . skirt-idl limply. to what would hare been her*bfcfrs; tf her - nether limbs, covered by' a pair of policeman's. trousers, had been/jpbssessed .of any shape. This lady was koown as " Ruby. Julia " to the getters at the drift—partly on account of%er"wid nose; parfl^ owing to the fact thatshe iriis th4 best digger and Washer ontlielrangeg, On. this particniar day she doesas shefeaa done for many' years —dra*® 1 a budget of watek^'from the ondSrj^uiid tpnk:.fy troqfc^pf tlie ^hoter bailding-tp make. br9ai^t..:f^e, had:ooai« from the ranged ta fieltana in '76, «nd the eight yeartf of her 1 ifr in the ttubj 'country— whicH, it" wpuld now appear, was not a Rubyicountry at allr—had transformed her frofaa gavky girl into a kind of female buttyip, nearly 1 a man, and yet with an tfniiiiteiikable smack of the female about hgr. . iafcer in the day, a sag-headed, red haired-'man, carrying a swag whose lightness showed either the poverty or. thelazinessofits owner, was toiling overthe creek watered elopes which rose highitid threatening as a wall of steel between him and the M'Donnell Hotel at Ruby Drift. The sun was sinking erethetraveller descended the last range and entered on the'kangaroo track leading through the burnt apd : stunted salt bushto the hotel. Theunlicensed landlord—short, fat man tfhoralways wore two suspenders.as a belt—looked at the stranger through the smoke of a large clay pipe.with all the. superciliousness he coald command. Having heard the traveller's account of his journey, garnished with Various profanities condemnatory qf his eyes, and the flies, and the son,; be explained that he—the man with the pipe and suspenders—ha 5 ! been a copper miner at Mopnta, which place heiiid left about a year previously to prospect the alleged raby country for an AdeWdiB syndicate which had purchased the^ rights of mining there from the disgust^ .first holders'. These last got certain stones, in galpfe^ bat they were zircons and inferior garnets,.a. fact that the Adelaide syndicate had aot discovered in 1389. The fat man went on to sty that he had four men under him, was the proprietor of • monthly mail service, and the - proprietor of a shanty, thus paying the wag^ui of his shifts in whisky; it and clothing formed the only currency of the quarter. • The monthly mail took down the bastard gems to civilisation on its retara trip, and there, tie liability of the ranges glided. The 4^-hieaded man had sapper, and before he went to sleep that "night' was duly installed as an additional getter at tuck- h- wages. He awoke late next morniiiir, for which piece of recklessness he wa$ tnagnanimoasly excused by Bob Swan, his employer, who-set before him the ruins of a wild turkey as breakfast, and tiieD giving him a shovel and a dish pointed out a giaut eucalyptus growihg. at the bend in the creek, half a mil-i; away, and told him that under that, tre he would find the " hold cousin." TW sag-headed man obeyed this direction, and a few minutes later arrived at the tree. As a matter of fact he did not know whether the object of his search was a man or a bird, and he looked inquiringly at a hole dug in the creek. Suddenly from this toy shaft there appearedpsabitp face ,sjxraiouii|ed by a bristlpfg moM>f black||»air^:.; The li||iVl 1 you tied a hoJ^MiJnhiguo^^p^i^^ " Swan sent me to find the horn cousin.' The head spake again, " I'm her." _ Her_i:._., _ .... Yes, I'm her," repeated Julia, for by by this time she had hoisted hersel ffrom the wash hole and was standing on the surface with her skirts rolled up half way,above her knees^Mi^roid.JJoljce. pants showing large clay stains on the legs thereof. The sag-headed man gazed aghast at the picture. Well;" " my name's Ruby Julia : what's yonrn." Mine answered the new arrival, " Those as knows me well calls me Bo'iflcs : those as don't calls me J im— Jim Simpson. " And what are ye come fur ?•' " To git." "Well, git, then, and leave me alone." " B'it the boss told me to find you and start work." She of the Ruby evidently considered this explanation satisfactory, for she m >ti»nel Booties into the hole in the drift and cried • stuoke-bo !' And it was a "real smoite-ho, for Julia produced a pipe of workman-like blackness and puffed away stoiidiy at the remnants of a filling placed in the bowl after breakfast that day. They worked in spells until night stole on them, the lab jr of digging and waphiug having been diversified at regular intervals by trips to the hotel with tin vessels containing a mixture of alleged rubies and sure garnets and zircons destined to be picked over by the hands of the shanty keeper himself. One day in the rainy season of '82, an extraordinary baby, looking in every respect like a wizened old man, worn out with a life of toil and mon°y grubbiug, opened his eyes to the sombre wintry scenery of the little world at Ruby Drift. His mother was Ruby Julia, and his father ? Well the sag-headed man had a stake, in the country. The old yonngster grew quickly in body, but his mind, such as it was, had been seemingly formed in embyro. He bfegan to walk and talk unconsciously and looking on everything as being the natural result of something else, never seemed to be surprised. If he improved he was insensible to his improvement, had he retrograded he could not have knofrn it, and so he assimilated—that is the only word possible in his case—his information imperturbably. At three he could swear fluently, und his vitiated taste despised water and clung like a limpet to Booflss whisky. For the three years following the first cry of their first-born, Julia and the sag headed man lived in a hut removed about 600, yapiyjfirpift tJeQBbanjtfc and then a littla red-nosed female—a small edition of her mother—called the blase boy-brother. Of course the reader will sar that this life was immoral. What would you have ? A parson never set foot on the scene of our story, though if he had it is extremely improbable that his services would have been called into requisition, in this vase at least. Julia,s ideas of civilisation were comprised in one hasty, careless glance, caught as a child of 12 . years at the township of Hergott Springs and there were no silly notions of conventionality about her. She was not a woman,only a female, and posessed of as little moral sense as a kangaroo. Her \- life was. and yet was not in unison with : her surroundings. Like the gum clump" fringing the border of the silted creek she was primitive; unlike them she did not hold their virgin purity. About this iime Boofles created the materials for this story by exercising the prerogative of manhood—he thrashed Julia with a sapling. His body was steel, but in her hands it was steel in the hands of the forger, for Julia was as strong as Samsjn before his hair was shorn. It came abont in this way. They were working as usual in the creek near their hut, when a dispute arose and the sag-headed man struck Julia with a stick and fellsd her into the drift-hole. , In a second she had regained the surface, in another she had the stick wrenched from his hand, and five minutes later he was begging for mercy and bleeding energetically through all the . available rents—and they were many— .in his clothing. Boofles had a brain, albeit a very small one. In a week he argued by •ome species of inductive reasoning peculiar to himself, that Julia could best be punished through her first-born, and so this unnatural father subjected the old-man-child to numberless nameless tortures. Julia was defeated ; the instinct of motherhood was strong in her, and hereafter Boofles could kick her. without resistance, so long as the weazened piece of semi-humanity she called ber boy escaped. In the middle of '86 this ill-sorted couple and] their off-spring left the ranges, and two months later reaohed Gawler, where Boofles got work as a farm-hand. For two years after they lived the same old life—the male always beating the female, the latter waiting with ia dull despairing sense of injustice for the day that would avenge her injuries. , ^ % ^ Jalia, it maf beianJf WaiVwyltrange ideas of law. She believed that if she only secure a share of her partner' • tew. i 1 b-the wouin ive„ her a rigTfttQ !• S Siifci slffij , sfeen . -a SrailwSJ St^rMM 1 th m Boofles would marry her someday, as she said to her nearest neighbor—a woman who had mangled for the Bishop— he was alius doing foolish," and she ^ waited patiently, and took all the blows he aimed at her without comment, never avoiding one as that would have angered him the i»p£e..>.-.... c At last the dfcy came. The sagheaded man,Nfi^a fit offftrunken. generosity toot his bride to file loca^egistrar and she caniS back to hibh^Sk with a new feeling—partly of new born respectability, and partly of sorrow that her- children's—names, were not also changed : and feeling that she now held a judicial claim to a life of peace. Let the touch me again," she said to the long round rafters of their dwelling Anil'll Jjring the lor .on 'im The moonlit January night at Gairler was to the local resident who had a soul typical of peace. In Boofles hnt. the new made Mrs. Simpson snored in a deep base tone on the nuptial couch, and in beds on the floor lay the two nameless children—the boy with the body of five years and the face^ of fifty acting as a pillow for his sister's head. B iofles left his wife at the con-.lusion of their brief wedding ceremony. He had been supplementing his good-humored intoxication at various public houfl'S, and now he reeled along the street mad drunk. " She's my lorful missus," he s )liliqu ?« 1 thickly. " and 111 knock outrof her yet." Two a.m. The dim light of a slushlamp fell on the face of Boofles' bride and his mad eyes glared down at her. She did not stir, and of the three dwellers in the hut but one—the old-manciiild—was awake. He looked at his father .and decided that mischief was abroad,-for Boofles looked dangerous and carried a pick handle. So the boy rose and made for the door, as he had often done before, to bring help to his mother. As he did so the sag- headed man struck at him furiously with the pick-handle ; the boy received the blow on the shoulder and staggered but quickly recovered himself and ran out of the humpy and along the slumbering streets like the wind. The flams-gf tjie-slneh lamp qnivered and flickered and almost died, and "Boofles placed it on a stool by the side of the bed. Julia still slept and her snoring maddened him. She was a devil, he thought, and she was not sleeping but breathing vengeance and violence on him and yelling instructions in his ear to the terrible crow that he had got inside his brain and was pecking at him with short, sharp, vengeful strokes of its cruel beak. He must kill her and then the crow would leave him. He lifted the pick with both hands high above his head, and brought it down with all his drunken might on the head of his slumbering wife-. the light leaped up and died, and Boofles fell over her body, bathed as it was in her own • blood, * and • slumbered. He ma8|awakened years after it seemed to him—by * erowd led by his son. Two policemen handcuffed and placed him in the outer room, while the doctor—a young fellow fresh from student-work— bent «ver the woman. " It's a very bad case" said he, and then then, telling the usual professional lie, he added, " but I think we can bring her round. " Twelve hours had passed, and Julia was still conscious. " Am I goin' ter croak, Doc. 7' she sail. "Not if you keep the bandages right. " And if I take 'em off I'll peg out eh?" He nodded. "Who'd take care of the kids ifl do ?" " The Government." " The Guv'ment 7 There wasn't any Guv'ment to take care o' me when I was a gal. Go away a bit and let Boofles come in. I wanter to speak to 'im." So the medical man went out and a trooper pushed Boofles into the bridalchamber, and kept watch outside the closed door. ,* Ye married me yesterday, Jim," she said in a voice that gradually became a hoarse screech, " and last night ye mauled me with thet ther pick. " The Doc. says I'll live but he's all out, and [m glad of it. I've bin a good woman to yer for years, even if I was'nt straight till last night. Ye've knocked bits off me for years back, and I've stud it sooner than let yer kick that pore kid with the coffin in his face. The Doc. says I'll die if I take ofi this kalliker," touching the bandages on her brow, where already rested death's awful shadow, " an' I'm goin' to send yer ter the gallers. The kids 'all be all right—The Guv'ment will look after them. I hate yer Jim, ye've made me do it, and I'll take yer out of this world with me.'- With the last mad effort of departing life she tore off the bandages from her head, exposing her terrible wound. In half an hour she was dead. Boofles did not hang, and is now serving a life sentence in the Adelaide Stockade, but Julia's vengeance is none the less severe for being doled out with prison rations. "Guviment ' was only called on to take care of one chSd—the little girl. The old boy "with the coffin in his face " proved the truth of Ruby Julia's almost prophetic words, for the sight left his aged eyes, and be was enclosed in a pauper shell before the sexton had time to fill in his mother's grave. 