CiiAfTra XV. ' lie useful when.- thou live**, that they uuy Botli want and wish thy plcasitii presence still. ? All worldly joys fro leas Tn llie otic jw- of duiii^ kindmatocsk.1' you in that brief meeting?' asked Theodore. ' Bid he strike you as a roue/'1 -o, Unit was the odd part of the business. He had the steady, respectable air of a bread- wiuner, a professional, or perhaps a commercial man. 1 could uot U;U which. There was nothing flashy or dissipated in bis appearance. He looked me steadily in the face vvlit n he bowed to me at [uxting, and he hd.fl a frank, hiraigbtforward expression, and a yravc decision --f manuer thau was uot with out dignity. He wns soberly dressed Iu a slyli* llidt allfacle.l no atteuLiou. I had no duubt lhat lit- wua a ^eutlciiiun ' ' He was handsome, you say '*' ' Vcs,, lie was ducideaiy handsome- -1ml I can riMitcinbcr only thu general character ot his face, not fealui-ea or details, for 1 saw him only i»U* in u,y lite' ' All, you oaw liitn agaiu then ':' 'Ou.:e a-ain -ounic yean, later, after lli-r ? Icjith. ?'.She is, dead, UicnV critj Theodore ? ' lba.1 is till- fact. I have \«*-u iryiug to learu' fVoin any reliable source of information. I here Was a rumour of her deatli yeara a£O, but no oue could pve me aoy evidence of the fact. 1 »cut to Boulogne last week to try aud i nee ber lo her last resting-place, but I could discover neither tombstone Dor record of any land.'' ?' Aud yet il was at Boulogne the died ' I will U-U you all 1 know about her if you like. It docsu't aiuount to much. ' ' ^''ay, t*Il me everything you can 1 am iTtE^nTu1*/111 '' yo' '°r h*vinfc' ln;at-!-i ine ??ir»^,Uou Iot a°Sunt I revived you. I am glad t., talk to nijonc who i« interestol in her piuful Sate There wcie oo few to care for her. I think theie U no lot more sad tbiui that ot a broken -down geutlemau's daughter horn to an inheritance she is never to eoj..y' brought up to thint of litiself as a peruonace' with a right to the world', respect^andfifj' ing herself friendless and peouiles. in the bloom of her womanhood, exposed to lie worlds contumely.'' Theodore's face Bushed a little at this mention of his interest iu the Squires daughter, for be could but feel that the interest waa of a sinister kind ; bat he held his peace, and Misb Newton went on with her story 'It was ever bo many years after that meeting in Richmond Park— I think it most have been nearly ten years when I ran against that very man upon a windy March day in Folkestone. I had thought much and often of my poor girl in all those years, wondering how the world had need her, and whether that man whom she trusted so implicitly bad been Lrue to her. I shuddered at the thought of what her fate might have been if be were false. I had never heard a word about her iu all that time I had seen no report of a divorce suit in the papers. I knew absolutely nothing of her history from the hoar I parced with her by Thomson's Seat, till I ran against that man in Folkestone. I am rather shy about speaking to strangers in a general way ; but I was bo anxdons to know her fate that 1 stopped this man, wboee very name was unknown to me, and asked him to tell me about my poor friend. He looked bewildered, as well he might, at being pounced upon in that manner. I explained that I was Evelyn Strangway's old governess, and that I was oneasy at having lost sigbt of her for so many years, and was very anxious to see her face again. He looked troubled at ray question, and he answered me gravely — ' I am sorry to say yoB will never do that- Your friend is dead.' I asked whan she bad died, and where? He told me within the last mouth, and at Boulogne. I asked if he was with her at the last, &ad; he said no ; and then he lifted his hat and mnttered something about having very little time to get to the station. He was going U- London by the next train it seemed, and he was evidently anxions to shake we off —bat I was determined he should answer at least one more question. ' Was her husband with her when she died ?' I asked. His face darkened at the question, which I suppose was a. foolish one. ' Do you think it likely r he said Trying to move past me \ but I hud laid my hand upon his sleeve in my eagerness. 1 Pray tell me that het end was not nnhappy —and that she was penitent for ber sins.' He looked very angry at this, * If I stand here talking to you another minute I hball lose my train, madam/ he said, *atidl have important business in London this ifter&oan.; ' A py came strolling by at this moment. He hailed it und jumped in, and he drove off into what Tbomas Carlyle would call the Immen sities. I sever saw him again ; I never knew his name, or ?^Hirg, or place of abode, or anything about him. I can no more localise him than I can Goethe's Mcphislopheles. God knows how he treated my poor girl— whether he wad kind or cruel ; whether he was faithful to a dishonourable tie, or whether he held it ob lightly as such ties havn been held by the majority of men from the age of Abraham downwards.' The little womiui's fa.se flushed autl her eyes filled as she gave vent to her feelings. 11 And this is all you know of Kvelyn Strangway?' said Theodore, when she had finished. ' ThiB is all I know of her. And now lell me wiiy yoa are so anxious to leant her history— you who cau never have seen bur face, except in the picture at Cheritoii. I dressed her for that picture, and sac by while *' I will tell you the motive of my curiosity,'* answered Theodore. ' You have treated me bo frankly that I feel I must not withhold my confidence from you. 1 know thatt 1 cxn. rely upon your discretion. ' ** L **,ftn t^-llr^ as you have just heard,' sniil Miss Newton ; ' but 1 can be us silent as the grave, when I like.' *' Yon most have read something al-oui the murder at Chcriton last J uly. '' ' I read a great deal about it. I took a morbid interest in the case, knowing Uic bouse so well, in ever)' cranny and corner. I could picture the sounc as vividly as if 1 had «nru the murdered man lying there. A most inex plicable murder, apparently motiveless.' ' Apparently motiveless. That fact has so that one of the Strangways must have been the author of the crime. She h;is liruoded over their images till her whole itiitul Ills become possessed uitli the idci of one of trial banished race, garnering his wrath for Iimijj years, until a.V last the hour canu; for .i Moody revenge, and then striking liis deiiLh Mow mil of the dark- striking liix fatal l,lmV :.???) vanishing from the si-lil of men, as if a pli.ii. toni ami had Uccu stretched out of tin* tii^lii to deal that deatli-bW. She lias aslii-.l me to help her in discovering the murderer, and I am pledged lo d-* my utmost IowaoU th;it tremble for the cuiiseqne-iK-e if she sImmiM U allowed to broud loug u[m-ii lliis inorl)i-l t;in-v about Uic .StnuijrMtty*. 1 think, li.ru civr, tha.t \uili your help I have mm U\\.\ iLi.u ghost. I have ira.»l lli« two l.rutliei-« l-, their g™avcs; and I t&uppusc; we may drccju the statement of the man you niel at Folk estone as sufficient evidence of Mrs. D.uvy's death ; csiiecially as it seems to tit in with tin acconnt of the then Vicar of Cheritou, who looking very ill and much agial.' ' It -was in the taring of '-w I met thai man at Folkestone. I . oul.l tin.1 tin- .lair in my diary if you wished to lie very preside about it, for it is one of my uld-niaidbh ways to U very regular in keeping my diary. }'oor Evelyn! To think that anyone nln-ul.l W wild enough to susjtcrt hit1 rit l»clnj^ cjipaMc of murder — or KrcJ or Ke^itiaM. 'J*hcv had the Straugway tcaipvr, all tl.ivc «f them. and a licry tcmi»er it was \i-lu-n ii u.ih roUsHil. a temper that led to family '(maiti'I-i a tut .-]] sorts of unhappincs?. : Ihil murder is .i dif ferent kind of tiling.' 'That is the question,1' said Tlicotlan; gravely. ' Is there such a wide gulf between the temper that makes family quarrels, set* father against son, and brother against brother, and the temper that pulls a trigger or uses a bowie-knife ? I thought they u or* i one and the same thing in actual quality, and that the result was dependent upon circum stances.' 'Oh, don't talk like that please. Murder is something exceptional — & hideous solecism is nature— and in this case why marder? What had Sir Godfrey Carmichael done that any member of the Strangway family should want to kill him ?' ?* I tell yon that the idea is a wild one, the morbid growth of my consul's sorrow*.' ' Of course it is. I am very sorry for her, poor souL I don't suppose any woman could suffer wok than nhe must have done and live. It is a dreadful story. And she was very fond of her husband, I daresay.' 'She adored him. They had been lovers almost from her childhood. There never were a more devoted bride and bridegroom. Their honeymoon was not beginning to wane. They wer«* still lovers, still in a state of sweet surprise at finding themselves hoshand »ud wife. Poor giri, I Baw her the day before the murder, a brilliant creature, the very spirit of joy. I saw her the morning after, a spectre, with awful eyes and marble face—more dread ful to look upon than her murdered husband on his bed ot death.' *' It is all too sad,*% sighed Miss Newlou. 'I begin to think that Chen ton is a fatal bouse, and thax no one can possibly be happy there. However, you can tell this poor lady that the Stnuigways are exonerated from any part in her misjery,' ' I shall write to her to-night to that effect. And now, Miss Newton, let me thank you ouce more for four friendly fatalities*, and wish you good night.' 'Don't be in such a harry, Mr. D&lbrook.; f like your face, and I should like to see yoa forsaken place as Wedgewood-street.*' ?' 1 shall think an hour so spent most tie UghtfuUy employed,' answered Theodore, wUo was quite subjugated by the clmnr, of this little person and her surroundings. He did liK«d better than this Hrst-nW front in Wedge wood -street, with it^s term -cot t a. walls, ind prettily -bound books, and curious odd ments of old china, und comfortable curtaius of workhouse-sheeting with a bold vt-rmillion border worked by tjarab Newton's :udefatig able fiugtrs. 41 1 should very much like to hear all about your life in this — strange neighbourhood,' he said. ' There is not much to tell. When my little fortune— left by my uncle, the drysaher —fell to me I was a lonely uli woman, without surviving relatives for whom I canxl twopence. 1 was pretty tired of teaching French and Uernian— Cod knows huw niuuv h and red times I must have gone throU'b UHoq dorf in both languages —and I'vt Jone him a good niajiy times in Italian, jxif ttt-x**-* ft nmrrke. Perhaps I might have held on for a year or two longer, as I was very fond of ihox; nice girls and l»oys at Kettisford Vicaraire, it it hadn't t-een for Ollendorf H- .)-ri.)^i me. Leila, tlic youii'cflt 'irl, had oulv just licuu tint accura«l hook. She was bLututurin]; Jler t)ic hiker's golden candlestick the wry worn ing 1 »ot the Uwyer^ letter to teil trie of my uncle d death, and the uill, and the lcur-*cy. / an.itcheJ tde book oat of her hand, and shut it with a. Wng. * Ain't I to -lo any more Ollendorf, Sally V bhe adked. ' Von may do as much as you like, my Io*'e,' I «aiu, ' (tut yori'tl do no more with nic I tn a millionaire, or at least I feel as rich and independent ab if I were a Rothschild.' Well, I lay awake all that uighl making plans for my life, and trying to think out how I could get the most happiness and comfort outof my liitle fortune, enjoy my declini*!' years, have wcrythiu' I wautolt » »1 yet £ of some u^c to my ftll5u up my mind to take a roomy lodging in i pour neighbourhood, where 1 should not be tetnuietl to spend a pfnoy upon appeal auces, myself happy in just my own way, without caring a straw what anybody thuuglit aiiout me. [ knew thai I »us plain as well as elderly, tdat I could never be admi'eJ, or eut a h(Tun* in a. ceutecl world, So I determined lo mionnuc the gentilities nho-elli«- ami i,- I-L* fookcil up to iti a little world of my own. 'Ami you Uavc found yfluryila-U answer — — '' ?? ]l lias answer.-.! Iwyolld i.-iy hopi^ Kv.r l«in«- 1 uas thirty vein of aac un.l lis.I iloue with ..11 my vouiii; i.l.a- an'.I .liiv-.lr.-H^.s, I Ii.mI „„,. |,.irliiiil.ir 'i.ie;il of earthly li.i[,pHi,--, an.l lli.il «:.s the position of a i-nmtry s'luiri-'s hJvinj. 'her ,no.Iel rotui!;cs ami her allulinrnt Mm- g.wll Cfiiius of hp'r litlle c.mii.unily, .. it ,'ii!.l new: be my lo! I' rei-n »n a lau.led rf..U-. 1.. l.uiU wtl^ns »r .-lit ii|i fertile !iii.m.1..«» ? ...tu-ei--Ear.lcii.s:l.ut I tnoi.,-1.1 1 l.i latin- up my al««lc in a [Wjr i.righl,..ir !,(„.. I. an.l visiting quietly and in i fricn.lly, familiar wav -uo irueUs or preacMujjs — atnoiii^ (lie unwt respcctiiiile of llic inhaiiitant-1, an.l ?lo.ly fcclintf my way ai.ion? tin- ilillh-ult »,.b).-.-W. I illicit *ra.l..ally a.-,,uir.- a,, i,, flu.-iu-.- jnM .i» stroll- as Hut of the Li.ly l;,,.n.tifiil in a country parisl!. ami Tni^l.l | ,-omt: t' 1«- .« useful in my amall u.,y .us the hi'.-'.lon-- it,' aj.led Mi« Sewlou lrim.,,.1, anlly 'Tlirrc are roou.., in thii streel kii.1 in .ulicv Ktreeta llu.l are to i.ie Inv n,n.|,l ivlta.'i- n.ere arc meruorkcxl, iimli-rM wmeii olw I.«-L nl- lo nir as th.-ir 1V..1 i.le.,,i : llurv arc- diiW.ei, Vlio mnic: an,l lu,uS to my sl.irlsa-. I !»« iJonj; the »lrjcls : their- an ?i-.ji b.illiii.- mni »lw -'-I- u'V -i.lii.- .lm.I Oel me to wrft..- tlielrk-tu-rs for tile,,,. \\\ li.il ^.i^J.l a =41, lie's wife have more than that . Aii.l yet I tare only a liuuiireil ami Jili.v [m-ui..1s a year to spend upon my people.' ' You invc them something more than money. Vou gile them nyrapartiy — the mai; ni-tisin of your siroQR and generous nature. '* Ah, then' is something in that. Magi^- I tisrn ia a poor! word. There must be mme ' cason why people attach tliemselves so ardently to Mr Gladstone, don't you know, some charm in him that holds them almost in spite of themselves, and makes them think as he thinks, and veer as be veer?. Vet., they swing round with him like the boats Roing round with the tide, and they can't help it any more than the boat* can. And I think, to comparts biuall things with great, there roust be some touch of that magnetic power in tn*;,' concluded Miss Newton. '1 am sure of it,' said Theodore, 'and I tttii sure too that you must bn like a spot of light, in this daik little world of yours.' ' I live amouf* tny friends. That is the point,' explained Miss Newton. 'I don't come from BelgruvLa, or a bright, pretty terruce in Ivensinstoa, :uid tell them they ought To beep their wretched rouain cleaiicr, and open thtri windows, and put flower-pots 00 their window-eills. I live here auil they can come and see how I keep my room a, and judge fur themselves. Their landlord is oiy landlord ; and a nice life 1 lead liini about water, aud whitewash, and drains. He is thoroughly afraid of me, X am happy to say, and generally bolts round a corner when lie sees me in the ?treet -, bnx. I aw too quick for his overfed legs. I tackle him about all hU shortcomings, and he finds it easier to ufx-ud a few pounds upon his property now and then than to have »w upon his heels at every turn ; «*o now Crook's tenements have uuitc i± repu tation iu Lambeth. If you were to ace the old dragon you would wonder bt my pluck ia attacking him, I cob assure you.'' 'Your whole life is wonderful lo me, Miss dreds of women in this big city living; just us you live. Tell me, please, ivliut kind of people your neighbours are. ' *' Oh, there are people of all kiuja, some of cour«e who are quit£ Impracticable, for whom 1 can do nothing; bu*. there are many mure who are glad of my frieadithip, and uho receive me with open arm*. The siti^le women and widows are my chief friendd, and pome of those I know asivell *a if we had be*D brought op and educated upon the umr social leveL they are workwomen of all kinds, tailoreisea, ahirt.iuaU.:rii. trirls who work for militory oultillers, exna 'li*nils loi Court dressmakers, nhap-i^irla sr tlic hutnltter class of shops, shoe-binders, unilicial floivei makers. 1 wonder whether you would like to see some of them. ' 'I should like it very much indeed. '' '* Then perhaps yon will come to one of inv fe^. parties. I give two tea part.tej a u-tuk all women-friends as this room will hold. It holds about twenty very comfortably, so I make twenty -five *he outride limit. We rather enjoy a little bit of a crush — and 1 eiv? my invitations so that they all have such little pleasure as I can five them, fairly, turn and i urn about. v\ e do not betnn our evening too early, for the working hours are preeinus to uly poortbingm. We take tea ateight o'clock, and we ueldom separate before half-pa£t eleven— joet ^ jf we W1.rc at thp t|1Mitre. We have a little music-, aud a little r.-a,lii,g afi.l rccitarioo, Bowetiincs a ratmil ^a»ie »l cards. Wheu we are in a wild humour ?- play dutnb-crauibo, or even puss-in-the corner; aud ue liave alirays a great .leal of talk. \l e «l routiil UiUfire pla™ in a double half circle, the younger ones sitting on the ru' in front of us elders, and we tali:, and talk, ami talk abont ourselves mostly, ami you can't think what good it does us, Surely (-od gave man Mik-ci as the universal saf«ry valve. It lets on' halt our troubles, and half our sense of the world's injnstice.' 'Please let me come to your very ne\t party, ' said Theodore, Emiliii' at tlic little woman's arduur. MUs Newton. ' 1 shall have Ut make an ejeeux! for your appearance, a-, we veri seldoui invite a man. You will h;.ve to r^ad 'l'will uo't recoil even from that test. 1 have dieringuislied invself occisionallv at a Penny Rea'iiog. Act] 1 to be tntiiic — or \- lie both ;fy..u call. We like to lau-h ; Inn we revel in something that make* us cry desperately. If you could give us snimtliiiM . r.-|,v int.'. Ilie l.an»i,,. itw -mr blo.«l «illi a ghost or two, it would lie all the inoreinj.iy. able. ' ?? 1 will satiate you uilh my ukine : 1 -,liall fuel like Peulheus wheu he iutr'..l«l u|k,,i I,.., mother and her crew, and »l,.,]l I.L- I.um.Mv ,-r.ilrtul f..r nnl Uin- I.iru to piece-. 1 daiv »ayl .haliW torn to pie,-.* ? rally, n, lh-: uayof .-rilieiMii. Cuud ui-li t , ;n,.l a thousand thanks.' ??Wait,' said Mis« Neuuin. ?? I'm alrai.l it is miK-li f.^^ii-r tluii u hen v-u can..-. I luve Kii.-l! the 'f.« .oiuili- ,.n uliil.-»v li.il, Ih-,-., i..lkiii-. Wi.nl.lii t you like -. . -Ji- ' -1 .h.iul.l i .-!?-? i.iu.li. but 1 .l.inl.i it 1-1...11 \- -?,.» woul.ln7!. l.m I ,Un.*jy I can -^l you oue. ' replied Miss Newton, decisivi-lv. SI,,: l,i,l ..„ unobtrusive lit lie . lialolaii.'. hi hi-r M,l,-, aud fro,., the b.iiicll ot li,,|,],-in,nt ,. I scissor-,, peliknite, lliin.ble, she srlvcle.1 a : suL.tliihistle. Then .-.he pull.-.! iu, k „„.? ..f tu.- cream -white curtains, ,.,«?„, . I tl,e uii,,l,.», ! and uhistl.-l lou.l an.l sl.rill in:., ill.- f..-. ' Tuo uiilintvi. .-ift.-rwaldslher.-i-.iim- .. -.???.ill ?' treble voi.-e out of the darLlie' ' '? Wh.ui-ii, Miss Nrwu.n ' I ?? Who's th.il - ' ??T..Himy Mnulowa' -All ril'ln. Tommy. II.. y,,u il.i.,1. y..n ,-i.nl.l hn.r-* Imiib.M,, «ul...nt -eltii.- V'Tsi'lf '?'?Kalher: Ik. you «..nl il I.: i-.-.-.l lo i ...Ir ' ' ] 'in 'off? 'crW th'e''l?i ill voice, Jini in less- ' than ten minute-, a two wheeler rank, I a lew the street, and drew up tliarply at Tommy's inside, enjoying the drive and the un.er uiinty of the driver. | Bit-- spirits were still further edited by the rift of sixpence from Theodore as he stepped Lhe^Tenipk.' ° ™ Ua' (To br. amtilwed.) 