Topics of the Week. . — *. Mails close for tlie Australian colonies at ihe Bunbnry Post Office on Monday, 31st December; and for the United Eingdom, Friday, 4th. January, 1895 Our 'hotels and boarding houses lurre been fairly titled lately with, visitors from the Metropolis and Northern towns. All speak highly of our salub rious climate, . and now that Busselton is connected by rail numbers of visitors have gone to that pretty little town. There is no doubt but that the number of visitors will be quite as large all through, tlic summer * * As will be seen in our advertising co- lumns Messrs. Bogue and Gallagher of the Vasse Road have introduced a new industry in Bunbury — the bottling of beer and porter. The firm secured a gallon license at the last Licensing Court, and have now on hand all the necessary machinery for bottling beer and porter from the Perth and Fremantle breweries, where Mr. Bogue was engaged for a number of years. What might have been a very nasty accident happened on Monday last near the railway crossing on the Vasse Road, to E. Brittain, as he was looking at a young horse belonging to Mark Travers. The animal suddenly turned round and kicked him violently to the ground, dislocating his thumb, spraining his wrist, and grazing his thigh. He was at once taken to Messrs. Kirton and Co. 's, where his thumb was set and his wounds dressed, and he was little worse for the accident next day. We regret to record the death of an other of our old residents, Mr. Bradley Gardiner, of Wellesley River, Bruns- wick, which took place at his residence on Thursday last from cancer, from which he had been suffering for about two years. The deceased came to this colony 52 years ago in the ship Trusty, being then a boy about eight years old. and has since then been chiefly engaged in agricultural pursuits. His funeral, which took place on Thursday was at- tended by the largest number of mourners we have seen at any funeral in Bunbury. The service was conducted by the Rev. J. G. Mitchell, and the funeral arrangements entrusted to Messrs. J. and H. Gibbs. * 'We understand the erection of an hotel at the Vasse to the order, of Cap tain jSToyes is to be proceeded with at once. Mr. Pickard is said to? be the successful tenderer for the erection of the building, and Mr. 11. Finlayson for the -carling'of the bricks and stone.. Our usual supplement 'will be con tinued next issue. * ' * The manner in which ' Betsy' has been staged by our amateurs has been so much appreciated that by special request it will be performed again to-night. . A report of the first performance appears in this issue, The prices for admission to-night are most liberal — front seats, Is 6d ; back seats, Is. We hope to see a. crowded house, for it is without ques tion one of the best amateur pcrforra A .ances ever witnessed in Bunbury, * * We are glad to be able to eontradiet the alarming rumours in circulation that Mr. J. Fletcher, fruiterer (of Bunbury), was suffering from typhoid fever, as on his arrival in Perth on Wednesday even ing the medical authorities at once pro nounced him to be suffering from the -effects of sunstroke, and with little care it was anticipated' that in a few days he would be quite well again. The s.s. Tc Kapo arrived in Bunbury k yesterday from the Eastern colonies, and for the first time came alongside the I jetty to discharge her Bunbury cargo. She had on board 40 saloon passengers and 90 steerage passengers, 50 tons of cargo and 1 passenger for Bunbury. She carries for Fremantle besides cargo & number of cows, horses, and pigs, and a large quantity of fruit. Mr. Fuller, the purser, informs us that when at Albany on Christmas Day, the passengers could siot obtain any fruit in the town *** A meeting -of the Bunbury TJoads Board was held in the Mechanics' Insti . lute on Thursday, 27th inst., but owing to ?the holidays and alteration in the train ?service, there was only a small attend ance of members. Several accounts were passed for payment, subject to the works being inspected by members of the Board. Mr. J. McKernon — repairs, 30s, was also passed. Mr. Swain was reappointed secretary for the ensuing year. A letter was read from the Colonial Treasurer, stating that £150 had been allotted to the Board for the upkeep of ?the roads of the district for flic year 1895, Owing to the small attendance ?other business was postponed. The chair man, Mr. T: Kay-ward. J.P., Messrs. J. J?. Johnston. J.P., and ii. King were the au embers jn-esent. The entertainment in the Masonic Hall on December 21st. although not so largely attended as might be expected, was most enjoyable. It is unnecessary to say that Mrs. C. L. Clifton's singing Avas appreciated, That lady's cultivated ?voice has always commanded the applause -of every audience. Miss A. Timperley's ?' Whisper, and I shall hear.' was ex cellently rendered, and Mr. O Bourke's songs and slop dancing was deservedly ^applauded. Mr. Parry's cornet solo's are always delightful, and the ' Ghost nf Benjamen Bins' and other comic songs by Mr. J. Shaw, whom we have heard for the first time, caused consider - .-able laughter. ? **? Mr. G. P. Morrison, (late of Johnstoue tincl Shanacssy of Melbourne) lias arrived in ]5unbury, and intends opening a photographic ?sriulio in tiiis (own under the name of the 'Delias Art Studio's' We have seen some specimens of Mr. Morrison's work and have no hesitation' in saying' that those shewn to us are really high-class works of art. We ?understand that Mr, Morrisoii is the pioneer of the 'Dallas Studios' in West Australia and ?that the proprietors intend to open in Perth ::ind other principal towns in this Colony. It is the intention of the firm to establish in 13uubury a factory for enlargements, as tlicv consider the climate of this town is peculiarly .adapted to that class of work. It will now no longer be uecesary to have enlarged photo graphs niivde iu the other colonies as they can be turned outhcre at a less cosh and finished in the very best style, Mr. Morrison informs us that no expense will be spuml to ?obtain the very best artists for the various 'branches -throughout the colony. We wish Mr. Morrison aud his colleagues every suc -cess in their new venture. #'* : ' - Seldom do -we hear of anyone in this ?district being bitten by a snake. Such, however, was the ease on Monday last,' ?when a Jittleboy named Lee was walking through a swamp on the Vasse lload. When bitten he immediately tied a liga ture lightly round his leg and was taken without loss of time to Messrs,- Kirton and Co. Chemists, a messenger having been sent forward on horseback to say he was coining, and Mr, Kirton had the necessary preparations made and treated the little patient without one moments delay. The lad is now as well as .ever, :and, while speaking on this subject of snake bites it will be of great interest .and importance to the people of this dis trict (o know that there is now within the reach of all a successful remedy for this much dreaded catastrophe. The treatment carried out by Mr. Kirton was .the one originally discovered by Dr. Calmette of the Pasteur Institute and confirmed by Professor Halford. it con sists of the Hyperdernn'c Injec'ion of So Jution of Chlorinated Lime, The sub ject so much concerns many people in Australia, that it may be well to copy Dr. Calmette's rules for 'the treatment of a man biiten by a venomous snake': — :(1.) Place if possible, an elastic ligature, moderately tight, between the bite and L^tJw root of -the limb, so as to prevent ab rsorption Gf the poison. (2.)' Inject at ' or.ee into the wound and all round about 20 to 30 c.c. (loz, or more) of recently made solution of the bleaching powder (1 in 12 of water. When required, 5 parts of this with 15 parts of water ) (3.) lic movo the -ligature as soon asthe injections have been. made. Wash the wound with ran abundance of the concentrated solu tion of the bleaching powder. 