THE HUMORIST. The -wisest men will gladly borrow, From wit and mirih, surcease horn sorrow. A ghost story.—" 1 am thy father's spirit." Doing, time— The lady who grows younger every year. .raraqoxicai as it may appear, tne greatest losing game Is that of picking winners. A great deal ofthe piety of to-day is a thing of great beanty becaase it is only skin deep. One of the dampers of ambition is the fact that the mantle of greatness has to be worn as a shroud too often. One's own capacity is a poor standard of measurement; toe stars shine, though my near-righted neighbor deny it. Butter is primqgwhen it's fresh; but a man has lost his freshness when he reaches prime. Not Too Late. — Simpson : Been oamping out, eh ? I have a little hook on that subjeot I'd like you to read. Thompson : Well, I can't camp out again this year ! Simpson : Never mind. Yon read the book. One chapter gives fourteen remedies for rheuma tism. A New Excuse. — Tramp (looking in toe door) : " Please, Mum—" Farmer's Wife : See here, if you want work you can have it right now. Our hired man left yesterday;" Tramp : 41 Very well, Mum ; if you'll Bend for a regiment of soldiers I'll begin. I ain't taking any other man's job without protec tion, these days, Mam 1" Behind the Age. — Publisher: I have not had time to examine your manuscript yet. Does toe hero of your novel get inoculated against cholera or anything ? Struggling Author: Why, no !" ''Too bad! A de scription of some new method of inoculation would be deeply interesting. Perhaps the heroine is a toeosophist, and projects her astral body to the moon or somewhere." " No ; she is just a dear, sweet little woman, and the hero is a brave, handsome, and good man." 4 Humph ! What on earth do toey do ?" 41 Fall in love with each other.'' 44 Shocking ! Here, take your manuscript baok ! If you oan't work in a few hospital scenes, morgue horrors, spiritual seances, dis secting room novelties, or even a new religion or two, you'd better drop literature and try something easier." 44 My task in life," said the pastor, com placently, 4» consists in saving young men." 44 Ah," replied the maiden, with a soulfal longing, <( save a good one for me, won't CI 3 you r Her lips are two red cherries, Her oheeks are peaches pink ; But her nose, it is a turn-up, Which is not so nioe, T think, Tonix: 44 My friend Soarer's business frequently puts his life in danger, but I've never known him to desert his post." Tod dies : 44 What's his business?" Tonix: 41 He's an aeronaut." Heb, Picture. At his watch he looks intently, While a smile lights up his face. And I know as well as can be There's a woman in toe case. 44 Phat," asked Mr Hooghligan, 44 is the matty wid yer head?" " Mickey Dolan knocked me down wid a half- brick, 5; re sponded his son. " Yez hov disgraced to family., vJDb's the foorst toime thot a Hoogh- iigan was iver knocked down wid less than a whole wan."; Not A Becent Discovery. 44 Why do you turn the lamp down low When sitting with your bean at night ?" The maid replied, with face aglow, f Why, love is blind, and being so, Thrives just as well without a light." Recently, a letter of introduction was handed by an actor to a manager, which described the presenter as an actor of much merit, and concluded : 44 He plays Virginias, Richelieu, .Hamlet, Sbyloek, and Billiards. He plays billiards the bsst." A couple of ladies were looking into the window of a picture store on Woodward Avenue at a fiiY painting. 44 What does it represent ?" asked one, scanning it oloaely. 44 A Venetian scene," answered her friend. "Excuse me, madam, but you're wrong," spoke up a floridly dresBed -woman with the air of a connoisseur; 4 ' that's a scene in Venice. I know, because I've been there." vastly different. She gave me back my heart, but, oh ! It was a different thing When I requested her to.send.. Me back that diamond ring. Frozen.— A famous actress was playing some time ago as Miami in The Green Bushes, and towards the end of the play was supposed to commit suicide by jumping into the river. When, however, she reached the usual emi nence of rock, she found to her dismay that no mattress had been placed in the 44 river" for her lo jump on, so down she oame on the bare hoards with a heavy thud. Her confusion was intense, but was increased tenfold when a voice from toe gallery sang oat,. in a rich brogue - " Och, be jabers, the water's frozen!" Her Cooking. He wsrengaged to the girl, but he would hot carry out the contract, though he refused to give her up. She had coaxed him at first to give hp his foolish notion, bnt he wouldn't have it, and finally she kicked out of the traces. "Why don't you stop fooling," toe said, 44 and marry me?" 44 My dear," he pleaded, 44 marriage in my ease would be suicide. " ' Suicide 1 What do you mean?" "I mean that I am so poor I could not hire a cook." 11 Well," she urged bravely, 44 what of that? I am strong and well, and can do the cooking until you are rich enough to hire a cook." 41 1 know that, my dear love," he murmured, taking her faoe in his hands ; 44 it it your oooking that I am afraid of," and young love's dream was split wide open. SOME SATISFACTION, 44 1 know," Remarked the gay coquette, 4 1 haven't Caught a husband yet ; But then," She added, softly sighing, »« Fve had some fan while I've been trying." Her First Chance. — be "(just accepted ; 44 You say yon were never engaged before ?" She: 41 Yes.' He: 44 How is that? I .... . ... , „ T - thought all women always had three or four engagements." Sherfgnilelessly r- Well, I presume I shall, too: "You see, this is the first chance I have had"' The Same toe World -Over.— Wife : 44 I mended the hole in your waistodat pocket last night after ymi had gone to bed. 1 jun a careful little woman, am I not ?" Husband : 41 Yes, but how did you know there was a hole in my wsistooat pocket ?" A Private Interpretation. — Mr A. : 44 Just look at that dolt of. a Lehmann ; stoat a charming young wife he has got ! How true it is that toe biggest foolB always marry the prettiest girls." Mrs A.: 44 Oh, you flatterer" A Night Alarm — Madame Salomon : Lawks amussy 1 Isaac, Isaac, don't you hear f There's somebody snoring under the bed. It must be a burglar. Mr Salomon : Husb, Rebeoca ! No noise — let him sleep. We'll charge him for his lodgings to-morrow morn ing. Warlike Charlie. W illie Wong Lee, The Heathen Chinee, Is harrying back to the Land of the Quene. He can paralyze dirt, And do up a shirt, And thinks he can do up the Japanese, too. A Division of Labour. — Husband : Wil you remind me that I hare to Write a letter this evening ?'' Wife: 44 Yes, dear. And will you remind me of something- ?" Hus band : 44 Of coarse. What is it ?" Wife : 44 Remind me that I have to remind you." A Guarded Reply. — "Are these clother supposed to be washed ?" asked the 'woman at the linendrapei's counter. "I don'l know, ma'am," replied the new salesmen % 44 1 should say it depended a good deal «/. who buys them." Not Au Fait in French. — Penelope Pink» ham reading paper) : What is liors ds combat, Mr Blocdgood ? ' Mr Bioodgnod, jun., nonchalantly : 44 A stable quarret of some sort, I suppose." No Time to Recent. — 44 And so you mar ried in haste. Weil, did you repent at leisure?" 44 Hardly. I have not had a leisure moment since the ceremony." A Luxury. — Barber : 44 But you have paid me a penny too much." Van Pelt : "That's all right ; that's a tip for not asking me if I wanted a shampoo." His Reason. — 'Philanthropist: 44 Why don't you earn your bread by the sweat of your brow?" Tramp: 44 1 dou't perspire,- except with exertion." what a pity ! Blue are her eyes as summer skies, And red her oheeks as roses; The fabled dryads she outvies In graceful air and poses. But woe is me — in vain, alack ! My grief I try to smother — When on her bicycle, her back She humps/ just iike her brother. The Workman and Mister Duke. A good story concerning one of out noble dukes is worth retelling. He decided to plaoe a lift in his town house, but toe difficulty arose that "her Ladyship " de tested noisa, and to fix an ascenseur without some hammering is not an easy matter. The workmen were much irritated at the constant orders given to them to make no noise, and finally the climax was reached when they were requested to go about barefooted. One morning at about 9 o'clock, one of toe men commenced a murderous hammering at the top of toe lift. This 'outrage quite upset her Ladyship's nerves, and. too Duke was prevailed upon to interfere. His Grace stepped into the haQ end inter dewed the offender aloft with — 44 Hi ! you fellow ! stop thai confounded row, will you ?" . 44 'Olio , . what's up now wi' yo ?" retorted the man, proceeding with the hammering. 44 Look here," said his Lordship, 44 if yon don't corns down at onoe, l'l come and klok you down," 44 I've been sent to put this 'ere up, and I ain't a-coming.down for nobody," replied the workman. 44 Do you know who I am?" shouted toe Duke in a rage. 44 No, and I don't care," answered the man. 44 1 know ye ain't my bass." 44 I'm the Duke ! " roared the infuriated Ddke. Well, then. Ml Dook," oame the retort, 41 yo just step np 'ere, and I'll gie'vbsuoh a shove of the jaw as'll make yo wish you hadn't come." Captain Higginson. Mr James Payn tells of an amusing inci dent which took place the other day on board an Australian liner. A toy Australian major, after spending the first evening very late with his friends in toe saloon, suddenly returned to them after saying ".Good night." and requested an interview with the purser."' He was very white. 44 There is a lady." he said, 44 In my cabin— No. 42." 44 Rubbish !" exclaimed the purser, " Here's the list ; your companion is Captain Higgin- son." "Nothing will induce me to go into the o&bin; agaiu," and the: major. 44 Well, I'll go." returned the other. He returned with great celerity, and with as. white a face as toe major's. 41 Upon my life, you are right ! We'll put you somewhere else for toe night, and see about it in the morning." With the earliest dawn they sought toe steward and demanded an expla nation. 44 It's all a mistake, gentlemen," h said. 44 It's Captain Higsrinson all right; here's his luggage." 44 We must have this explained." said the purser. 4 ' This port- . tnanteau is unlocked ; let ns see what is in it." It contained a lady's wearing apparel. , By Jingo," oriel the steward, 4. that's what come of taking names as don't belong to us I She said toe was Captain Higginson ; but Bhe didn't say as it wa> only in toe Salvation Army." A little boy, whose father was rather an immoderate drinker of .a moderate kind, one day sprained his wrist, and the' mother utilised the whisky in her hus band's bottle to bathe the little fellow's ' wrist with- After a while the pain began; to abate, and the child surprised his mother by saying, " Ma, has pa got a sprained throat f ' 44 Now look here," said the professor to the infuriated bull, "you are my su perior in strength, I am your superior in mind. Let us arbitrate this matter and see which should by right have the better of our controversy." - "Oh, no," replied the bull, 4 4 let's toss up for it." Later— The professor lost. 