ONE LAW FOR ALL. [By Lady Cook, nee Tennessee C. Claflin.] Our glorious cause is like that grain of mustard seed which, once sown, grow into a noble tree, whose protecting branches over shadowed the whole earth. Wo have had too many instances during tho past year of the unequal conditions which customs and laws apportion to women. Cases have occurred, and very recently, in which husbands have slain tho seducers of their wives. In each, apart from its merits, the slayer was generally applauded. In the last recorded, he was acquitted by a jury, and left the court exult ing in his act. But let a woman kill the female seducer of her husband—let her shoot, poison, or stab his mistress—and she becomes a common malefactor, for whom judge, jury, and society have neither admiration nor pity. Plaudits for the man—the scaffold or penal servitude for tho woman! Now, we do not advocate that women should be permitted to murder. We simply point out the different meed of “justice” awarded to each for a precisely similar offence. Again, everyone knows or ought to know that it is a common thing for a man to have one or more mistresses, on whom he bestows his attentions and his wealth. Some people talk as if this were only a Continental practice. Would to God it were! But tho chief difference is that here men have their mis tresses secretly, and on the Continent openly. In both places they keep a wife for profit or reputation, and a mistress for pleasure. The wife is encouraged to economise, the mistress to be extravagant. And often tho mistress can only be afforded through the careful expenditure of the wife. Nor is this confined to worldlings. How many a canting hypo crite goes through the little farce of religious observances and home decorum during one part of the day, and is locked in the arms of a lewd woman for the remainder ? If Asmodeus would lift the house-roofs for us during any twenty-four hours of tho year, and permit us to look down on all going on in this great city, what do my readers think they would see ? But if presumably reputable women took to polyandry, what would be said of them ? Or even if one depraved and aberrant creature so sinned, would not society throughout tho length and breadth of this Christian country stone her till she died ? Women make allow ances for tho failings of men. How are these kindnesses reciprocated ? Wives are constantly seen to cling to their husbands in all mis fortunes that may befall them. Their large heartedness and loyalty impel them to follow with true sympathy, even to the foot of tho gallows. This is all as it should be. But let a husband stand by his wife in her errors or crimes—let him sit near to watch over her, say, in a court of justice, when she stands a prisoner—and tho world will wonder how any modern man could be so foolish or so chivalrous. What is expected from a woman surprises us in a man. Tho man who is unfaithful to his wife looks to her for forgiveness. Her charity covereth a multitude of sins. Rarely does she remain obdurate to his expressions or penitence and amendment, and her generosity is very fre quently tested. But the sinning woman expects no pity, because it is so seldom accorded. For her to fall is to be condemned, and to be condemned is to be expelled from home, husband, children, and caste. What shall we say then to these things ? Is it from her inferiority or from man’s injustice, and the far more cruel injustice of woman to woman, that what is venial in the one is as the sin against the Holy Ghost in the other— that what is loyalty in the woman is mean ness in the man—and that he may with impunity do that daily which would be moral and social death to her to do once in a life time. We protest against the assertion of her inferiority. At each point her conduct proves the contrary, and other circumstances give force to our argument. We would by no means excuse immorality in a woman any more than in a man. But we plead for equality of judgment. And we protest against the loathsome hypocrisy that publicly requires women to be chaste and privately debauches them when opportunity occurs. We protest against the law which divorces a wife for adultery but refuses to divorce the husband for the like offence. We protest against all systems of morality which are modified by sex, and against all legislation which refuses a complete separation to those who are divided in heart, and' whose legal union is rendered intolerable through mutual weariness, opposing sympathies, disgusting habits, or general incompatibility. Such couples are already divorced by the eternal law of nature—a law superior to any formu lated by priest or layman. The existing marriage law, tho laws of primogeniture, bastardy and inheritance are so framed that, instead of being moral safeguards, they offer the greatest incentives to immorality. We are wise in many sciences, strong in invention, and rich in discovery. But the one of most importance, Social Science, has comparatively few students, and is little understood or re garded. We require searching and thorough examinations of candidates for any office in our public departments, from a rural postman to an attache; but from those who make the laws and rule tho Empire we demand no proof of knowledge necessary to their functions. A prosperous butterman from Cork, an inexperienced scion of a wealthy house or a youthful cadet of a great one, a butcher, baker, grocer, tailor, ploughman, or raw mechanic, is as eligible for the suffrages of parliamentary constituencies as the most devoted student of social science—as a Cairnes, a Mill, or a Spencer—and perhaps would stand a fairer chance of election. Thus the vote of an ignoramus may nullify that of a phil osopher ; the shallow-—who are always roost numerous—may swamp the profound; the superficial men of narrow vestry ideas outvote those whose penetration is deepest and their views wider than the wants of a class. It is no wonder, then, when any bigot, faddist or tyro who can worm himself into the House of Commons becomes at once a full-blown legis lator, that our laws are often conflicting, unreasonable and unjust; that our foreign policy is a game at shilly-shally, and our home policy a constant wobbling from reason to unreason. Good government requires clear and undeviating views of equity and social needs. In this way alone can we be strong abroad and happy at home. If those who legislate for the education of the masses would also apply a necessary educational test for themselves, the House might become a most powerful lever for the elevation of society. We want men of cultured mind and noble independence in our Houses of Parlia ment—and especially in the Lower House— and not mere owners of wide acres or big bank balances, nor greedy brewers and lawyers making “M.P.” a stepping-stone to personal ambition, and sacrificing the country to-party exigencies. The women voters of New Zealand have just given us an object lesson and shown how men ought to vote. When it shall have been learnt here, our cause will be full of fruition, and our moral perceptions will be cleansed of the errors that now cloud them. Immorality and injustice will no longer flourish under specious names, nor that be thought good in a man which would be evil in a woman. There must be one law for all —one rule of right, one measure cf capacity, and privileges to sex and sex alike. 