TALMUD ;i i r OOPYIUGTIT. "" & Strange Narrative of CeD.« tral Australia. . (F0UN0ED ON NATURAL FACTS, by 1VAN DEXTER. CHAPTER XXI.— (CONTINUED.) \-- J The two blacks did not remain long. After the chief had gloated over me androughly turned me about to see that I had not tampered with the 'fet ters, they went back as they had come, ' holding their torches above their heads. " Hour after hour I lay in . that agonized1 -state,1- and at . length my i umbed faculties were tardily aroused ty what must have been a tremendous noise, but which fell upon my torpid ears as a mere whisper. "The sense of hearing had almost failed me, and even that of sight was. fast leaving, yet the latter was the stronger of the tw4, and I could see amidst the glare cast by twenty torches a band of sable, executioners coming up ..he queer passage in which I lay. They were followed at a short distance by the youths of the tribe, between fifteen and . twenty, and further back came a num ber of females. Of course I need scarcely tell you that amongst the can nibal aboriginals of Australia the women ' are never permitted to eat of the human least, but they are always invited to the killing of the victim, except when the latter is done on the field of battle. As ) saw the crowd coming along all this rose before my mind in a -most vivid manner, and I concluded that the end of my sufferings was approaching. ' "I had often heard it said that just before death the faculties are extraor dinarily active and clear, and from that morning I believe it Almost coma tose as I was, the knowledge rose be fore me that I was about to die, and, as far as I can now judge, it did not cause nie any terror or regret. " Woosai led the savage band, and I saw as they approached that they had smeared themselves with warpaint in the shape of clay. None of the warriors carried spears, but each of them bran dished a formidable nulla, and some how I thought it was a matter of perfect indifference to me whether they clubbed or speared me to death. No doubt I was losing the sense of physicial feeling and that must have deadened the men tal faculties. The men ranged them selves in line as well as the limited" space of the place would allow, and next them came the youths who had not yet been admitted to the privileges of fiill manhood. Further back than the latter the women were drawn up in an Amazonian phalanx. " Standing close to me — the proposed victim — Woosai began to talk and ges ticulate in a loud and violent fashion. 1 knew nothing of what he said or meant, and perhaps it was as well I did not It might have been that the white man- had done him or his tribe some irreparable injury and he was seeking in his own way and according to his lights to avenge the wrong. At the same time I was not conscious of having ever injured him, or even any aboriginal of the continent, and my heait was filled with undying vengeance against him — a vengeance that blood alone could quench." " And you settled the score in that fashion, did you not?" asked Strang- way. . "Yes ; ten years later I avenged the torture the chief inflicted on me, and after that I felt that a horrible memory had beeh swept away for ever from my brain," continued O'Malley. "After a long harangue the chief walked round my prostrate form nourishing his club, and he was fol lowed by those, next him in rank_ or honor. A kind of hoarse , rythmical chant .was meanwhile kept up hot un- like'the accompaniment to an ordinary novroboree, and each moment I ex pected the fatal blow to fall. I was kept in this fearful suspense for what must have been fully an hour ; but at last the action of the chief convinced me that my end had come. . _ . "He advanced towards me with his nulla raised on high as if to strike — and I am quite certain that was his object ; — but an extraordinary thing now hap- pened. I was lying 'quite resigned to mv fate, (or pain had numbed my feel- \- ings, when ail ayvful cry from the females, who were looking up the. cavern or i ' tunnel whilst the males had their backs 'J : " to it and werfe facing the entrance, made , , all. pause. : . >. , " From my position I could see the, gins- pointing back, and as the men . r " turned' they looked for a moment and : . then made a wild rush for the entrance. They, sprang. over me .like -antelopes, ' V and in a few mdments the cavern was ; . quite empty. .:/' v.;;../.'/',; Z.iJ- The., chief, Woosai, was partly, >5 'carried, out, but- lie soon, recovered himself, and, with a guttural cry, I saw ,him running ' back apparently to desF patch me. During this time I could , V not understand the cause of the sudden; flight and was; amazed at it,. - Woosai; vwas not more than twenty feet from nie,' . .when from out the solid rock;it seemed „ -to, me stepped the strangest figure I , had.ever seen. "-The contrast to the sable chief was . < of -the most startling character. Atall, v thin man Clad in whitish robes and \- writh' a face even whiter still stood be- tide we. In the semi-darkness his eyes gleamed like rubies, and the whole \- aspect was supernatural. The ghosts v - of our imagination were repeated in the figure, and as I looked for a moment on the apparition1 1 closed my eyes and mercifully became unconscious," \- Whilst O'Malley was talking Stanley and Strangway exchanged meaning lOlaiices. and ihojormcr at length said : " Do you remember what we saw in the cavern, Strangway? There must be some connection, I should say, be tween O'Malley's saviour and that ex traordinary being." i " Remember 1" repeated Strangway. " Yes, as long as I live j it is burned into my memory." , " What are you talking about, lads ?" a9ked Mills. ' , : " A strange .adventure we had in those same ranges our friend is telling us about. We did not mention it to you before because we could not quite understand it; in fact, we could not make it out at all and preferred to be silent about it as probably it-was only, mere imagination on our part," respon ded Stanley. " It was no imagination, as you will learn," continued O'Malley. " How long I remained in that swoon I never knew, but it must have been a long time and the period was an utter blank to me. When I recovered I was con scious that an extraordinary change had taken place in my condition. " At first; in the weakness of my state I thought I must be in that oLher vvorld beyond the grave of which we. know, so little, but from which there is no re turn." " You were not there, it is quite cer tain ?" interjected the squatter. " No ; but I was in a world almost — if not quite-"— as strange to tis as the unseen spheres of spirits, and since that awakening I have been dis posed. to fully believe the saying, that there are more things in heaven and earth than is dreamt of in our philosophy. I have proved that the secrets of the earth at least are sealed to humanity in numerous ways. " The light which surrounded me first attracted attention. U was not sunlight or moonlight I knew, but I could not define it ; it was soft and halmy and filled me with a sense of profound calm. I next found, with something of wonder and gratitude, that the fearful pain which had pre viously afflicted me had disappeared. I involuntarily raised my hand to my shoulder to feel if the broken spear was there, but found, to my infinite re lief, that it was not, but in its place was a soft bandage. Then as my senses fully awoke I began to narrowly scan the surroundings. The couch I was' lying on felt remarkably comfortable, and I noticed that it was as soft and springy as an air-bed. I could not examine it at the time, but later on I did so and was surprised at the in genuity with which it was constructed. <f Glancing round, the size of the chamber next demanded attention. It seemed to be limitless and looked as though I was lying in the open air, yet I well knew it was not so. I could see translucent beams and sheets of soft radiance in every direction, and the roof of the chamber appeared to "reach the sky. I afterwards found out this was only an optical illusion but one that had a material object in view and rendered immense service to those who carried it out My eyes quickly be came accustomed to the strange light, and then I noticed that I was the only occupant of the vast chamber. " I might as well here explain that thp place was not by any means vast but only made to appear so, and though simply done the effect both material and aesthetic was excellent. " When I began to recx vcr I saw that the place was really, an oval cavern not more than forty feet in its longest measurement. The, roof was about the same height, but, I can assure you, that a person lying on his back on a plain aDd looking up at the vault of heaven would not believe the latter lo.be lareer than I . did the chamber in which I awoke to consciousness.. With little effort — a fact that surprised me even then — I got up on my elbow and peered around. "The place was absolutely tenantless save by myself and I marvelled at it. My wounds felt as though almost healed and then it occurred to me that I must have been weeks in the unconscious state, I well knew that unless I was qnder the spell of some magician, or in the hands of a. wonderful scientist skilled in the use of drowsy herbs, such nepenthe could not have come to me." , " And may I ask, you,"- interrupted Mills, " if you had been in an uncon scious state for long? Did you ever find that out?" _ " Yes, Later on I discovered that I was nearly six weeks in aN trance, or rather it could not be called a trance condition ; for though my brain was asleep my bodily functions continued —and, in fact, when my mental and nervous faculties, awoke I was almost cured of my terrible injuries. . .. / " That is a rnost extraordinary thing," the squatter again said, "Yet it is absolutely true, as you will hear," continued O'Malley. " After looking round the chamber ..foj some: minutes, :I lay back on my couch, and began to think the matter over. The only recollection I had of past events was the attack "made by blacks on Stuart's camp and my capture and ; sub; sequent agonies. I could remember the influx of. natives into the cavern where I lay and the strange antics they carried oh, but no further could I get.. The hideous form'of-Woosai was ever before my eyes, but as I continued to think the matter out memory began to weave the thread of circumstances, and at last like a flash of lightning the store house of my mind was illumined with the'flgute of the strange white man, : " I turned my head in alarm at -the thought and beside me . stood the ex traordinary being whom I had before seen in. the black cavern.- As T gazed .at him I 'made An effort to speak, but he made a gesture of silence and sud denly left me." ' ' , CHAPTER XXIL ' ' A;.- THE BURIED' SEA." "As one .mentally . and physically paralyzed I watched'the slowly retreat ing-figure of the white apparition, 'for so far I could not quite comprehend that my visitor was a being of this world; The. whole thing seemed so unreal that my doubts were scarcely to be wondered at, you will say. Waking from the long trance in which I had lain in , a. place such as my, eyes had never before rested on and amidst sur roundings appearing to me weird and unnatural, perplexity and wonderment were what might be expected. I saw the figure as it got farther away accele rate its pace, until in a few moments it appeared to almost fly across the seem ing vast chamber, and then with a sharp turn to the right I lost sight of it < "A few momenfs after two figures entered the place and came swiftly to wards- me. Of courso it was the op-' tical illusion of great distance which made the movements of my visitors appear so rapid. .T soon discovered that their usual gait was slow and solemn. "The second visitor was different from the first inasmuch as a long white beard depended from the chin, whilst the face of the first was quite bare. The.garb, too. of the newcomer seemed to my unaccustomed eyes of richer material, though .it was of the same style as his companions. " On reaching my couch I was reas sured by the kindly loqk which the two beings bestowed on me. There at least was no .indication of cannibal ism. The ghostly pallor of the faces was to me strangely impressive,- whilst the eyes — more ruby than pink in color —considerably heightened the effect. " Regarding me for a few moments, the second visitant took from his com panion a small brazier-shaped vessel containing what I took to be white colored herbs, and by some means,' which I did not detect at the time, ignited them. ." Swinging the vessel over the couch a smell not much unlike hysop stole upon my senses and I felt a delicious languor fall upon me- Gradually the figures standing by the couch became more and more indistinct, until at last they seemed to melt away in a white haze, and I remember no more. . " When I again came to my senses I felt stronger andvmy faculties wore on the alert As before I was alone, but the chamber was now somewhat fami liar to me and I began to discern that it was something like a cavern or an oval room so arranged with mirrors that it extended into infinity. I sat up on the side of the couch which I found was set upon legs and sides of white rock. With an effort I tried to stand, but was so giddy that I was fain to seek the aid of the couch. Then I noticed that the clothing I wore when taken from Stuart's camp was gone and garments somewhat similar to those I had seen on the two mysterious visitants replaced them. They were not so loose nor quite so ample, but were sbft and pleasant I noticed that they appeared to be" knitted or woven, and very skil fully so. "I felt for the wound on my shoulder but it was almost -healed, and though I pressed it hard could not feel any pain. This was, indeed, a marvellous transformation, and I sought to think what had happened. In vain I racked my brain. No' theory I could advahce or build up would account satisfactorily for my position. But a day or two previously as I thought Stuart's camp had been attacked and I wounded al most unto death . and carried off a prisoner by cannibal blacks. " The fearful journey to the side qf the strange river where the waterfall was, rose in my mind, and then the scene in the cavern with the natives dancing and gesticulating around me were conjured up. I remember the flight of the blacks and the appearance of the white appari- tion and also my awakening. But what did it all mean ? " Common sense told me, through my wound being almost healed, that unless a miracle had happened the night attack on the camp must have oc curred a month or more previously. Yet, what caused the blank in memory during that period ? "There were no famous hospitals or physicians in Central Australia to work such a transformation. Perhaps, I re flected, Stuart may have rescued me from the aboriginals and conveyed. me south, but the absurdity of the supposi tion at once struck me. , Such a tre mendous journey could not have been made without my knowledge, and, moreover I knew what a British hos pital was like. " The mysterious place. I was now in did. not bear the remotest resemblance to such an institution, and neither did the queer attendants. Perhaps it was a phahtom hospital with ghostly nurses and doctors that I was an inmate of I actually pinched myself as this thought flitted through iny mind. to see if I were living or dead, but soon com eluded that T was very much alive. ; " After sitting in an. upright position; trying to think out the problem of my whereabouts for- more , than half-an- liour, , the giddiness:; which -at. first afflieted me through® being so' long 're cumbent partly passed away.; When I stood up the second time T could keep my feet; and as I' made a few steps away from the -couch 1 the sensation of walking was quite a novel one. I made towards - the apparently far-distant .wall of the chamber, ' but as.! went forward, slowly it seemed to. approach me'rapidly. At first this was bewildering, but ,I.;soon grew accustomed to it. " It .was wUh;ho;little surprise I found .after taking a dozen steps that I had reached the,- wall -of the chamber. ' A short examination-convinced me it, was formed of , polished : stone arid afranged in peculiar - convex surfaces; (The , stone —ores rather > the main rock — was, I should 6ay, granite, but it was veneered over' in; a remarkable' manner with thin- flakes of crystal. : , (.."I was' trying to fix my attention oil it to . distinguish whether it was natural ;or artificial in formation, when a reflec tion canght my eyes and turning I be held the two beings approaching. " They reached the couch as I turned and stood there appai ently waiting for me to return to it. Something in their mien, or mayhap a peculiar attraction, drew me back and slowly 1' went towards the Spot and sat down on the side of the bed.— (to be continued,). T 17 