Chapter XLVI. HOW THE DEAD CAME BACK. With two of his cronies the man bad spent the day in a room overlooking the harbour, drinking hard and playing billiards. Early in the afternoon a messenger had come from Ballawhaine, Baying, " Your father is in come home immediately." "By-and-by," he had said, and gone on with the game. Later in the afternoon the messenger had come again, saying, " Your father haB had a stroke of paralysis, and he is calling for you." " Let me finish the break first," he had re plied. In the evening the messenger had come a ne, saying, " Your father is un thitd time, conscious." "Where's the harry, then?" he had an swered, and be sang a stave of the " Miller's Daughter"— They married tne again 4 my will, - When 1 was daughter at the tnilL Finally, Casar, who had been remonstrat ing with the Ballawhaine at the moment of his attack, came to remonstrate with Ross, and to pay off a score of bis own as well. " Honour thy father and thy mother that thy daj*8 cried Csesar, with uplifted arm and the high pitch of the preacher. "Butyour days will not be long, anyway, and, if yon are the death of that foolish ould man, it won't be the first death you're an swerable for." "So you believe it, too?" 6aid Ross, cue in hand. " You believe yonr daughter is dead, do you, old Jephthali Jeremiah. Would you be surprised to hear, now " (the cronies giggled)" that she isn't dead at all ?—Good 6hot—cannon off the cushion. Halloa, Jephthah Jeremiah has seen a ghost seemingly. Saw herself myself, man, when 1 was up in town a month ago. Want to know where she is ? Shall I tell you ? Oh, you're a beauty! You're a pattern ! You know how to train up a child in the way Pocket off the red It's you to preach at my father, isn't it? She's on the streets of London—ah, Jeremiah's gone They married me against my will— There yon are, then—good shot—love= twenty-five and nothing left." Pete pushed through to the billiard-room. Fearing there might be violence, hoping there wonld be, yet thinking it scarcely proper to lend the scene of it the light of his countenance, Caesar had stayed outside. " Halloa, here's Uriah!" cried Ross. " Talk of the devil—just thought as much. Ever read the story.of David and Uriah ? Should, though. Do you good, mister. David was a great man. Aw " (with a mock imitation of Pete's Manx) "a ter'ble, wonderful, shocking great man; "Uriah was his henchman. Ter'ble clarar, too, but that green for all, the onld cow might have ate him. And Uriah had a nice lil wife. The nice now, you wouldn't think. Bat when Uriah was away David took her, and then—and then" (dropping the Manx) "it doesn't jnst run on Bible lines neither, but David told Uriah that his Wife was dead—ha! ha! ha!— Vhofiv her die I said the fly I saw her -You'll choke me Stop that—let go—help —help!—help!' At two strides Pete had come face to face with Ross, put one of his hands at the man's throat and his leg liehind him. donhled him back on his knee, and was holding him there in a grip!ike the grip of a vice. " Help!—help! —oo—ugh !" The" fellow gasped, and hiB face-grew dark. " Yon're not worth it," said Pete. " I meant to choke the .life out of your dirty body for lying about the living and blacken ing the dead, but you're not worth hanging for. You've got the same blood in you, too, and I'm ashamed for yon. There—get up." With a gesture of indescribable loathing, Pete flung the man to the ground, and he fell over his cue und broke it The people of the house came thronging into the room, and met Pete going out or it His face was hard and ugly. Ac first sight they mistook him for Ross. Caesar was tramping the pavement out side. " Will you let me do it now ?" he said, in a hot whisper. " Do as yon like," said Pete? savagely. " The wicked is snared in the work of his own hand. Iliggaion. Selah," said Cmsar, and they parted by the entrance to the Cpnrt house. Pete went home, muttering to himself— "The man was lying—she's dead, she's dead!" At the gate of Elm-cottage the dog came up to him, barking with glee.. Then it darted back to the bouse door, which stood open. " Someone, has come," thought Pete. " She's dead. The man lied. She's dead," be muttered, and he stumbled down the path. While the Deemster was stepping np to tl dais, and the people in the court were risk to receive hiin. a poor bedraggled wayfarer wi toiling through the country towards thetowi It was a woman. She mnst have walked fa her step was so slow and bo heavy. Froi time to time she rested, not sitting, bi standing by the gates of the fields as at came to them, and holding by tbetopmot bar. When she emerged from the dark lknt into the lamplit streets her pace quickene for a moment; Mien it slackened, and then quickened again.. She walked close to tk houses, as if trying to. escape observatioi Where there was a short cut through an 11 lighted thoroughfare she took it, Anyon following her would have seen that she wi familiar with every corner of the town. It would be bard to imagine a women < more miserable appearance. Not that In clothes were so mean, though they werepoc and worn, bat that an air of humiliation si upon her, such as a dog has when it is lot and the children are chasing it Her dree was that of ah old woman—the long Hun cloak of bine homespun, fastened by a grei hook close under the chin, and bavins a bob which is drawn over the head. Bat in spit of this old-fashioned garment, and the ur certainty of tier step,"she gave the impra sion of a young woman. Where the whit frill ol the oldf country woman's cap shoal have shown itself under the Range of Mi hood there was a veil, which seemed to b Bnspended from a hat The oddity fcnd l&Oongniity; of her attii attracted attention. Women came oat of their -houses and crossed to the doors of neighbours to look after her. Even the boys playing at the oprnert looked upasshe went She was not greatly observed for .all thai An unuspal interest agitated the town. A wave of commotion flowed down the street* The traffic went in one direction. That direction was the Gonit-honse. The Court-hbufie Baas re was thronged on three of its aides by people - who were gathered both on^the pavement and on the green inside the railings. Its fourth side was the dark lane at the back going by the doot to the prisoners'yard and to the Deenuter'a entrance. The windows were lit up and partly open. Some of the people had edged to the walls as if to listen, and a few had clambered to the mils as if to see. Around the wide doorway there was a close crowd that seemed to ding to it like a burr. The woman had reached the first angle of the square when the upper half of the Court house door broke into light over the heads of the crowd. A man had come out. He surged through the crowd and came down to the gate with a tail of people trailing after him and asking questions. •' Wonderful!" he was saying. " The Dempster's speaking. Aw,a Daniel come to judgment, sir. Pity for Tom, though—the niau'il get time. I'm sorry for an ould friend but the Lord's will he (lone! Let not the ties of affection be a snare to onr feet—— it'll be five years if it's a day, and (D.V.) he*U never live to. see the end of it." . It was Cffisar. He. crossed the street to the Mitre. - The womau trembled and turned towards the lane .at the l«aek. She walked quicker than ever now. , But. stumbling over the irregular cobbles of the paved way, she stopped suddenly at the aonnd of a voice.' By this time she was at. the door to the pri soners' yard, and it was standing open. The door of-the corridor leading by the Deemster'a chamber to the Court-house was also ajar, as if it hod been opened to relieve the heat of the crowded room within. " Be just and fear not. Remember, what ever unconscious misrepresentations have been made this day, whatever deliberate false-swearing (and God and the consciences of the guilty ones know well there have been both), truth is mighty, and in the end it will prevail." The poor bedraggled wsyfarer stood in the darkness and trembled. Her hands clutched at the breast ot the cloak, her head dropped into her breast, and a half-smothered moan escaped from her. She knew the' voice; it had once been very sweet and dear to her; she had heard it at her ear in tones of love. It was the voice ot the Deemster. He was speaking from the judge's seat; the people were hanging on his lips. And she was standing in the shallow of the dark lane under the prisoners' wall. The woman was Kate. It was true that she hod been to London ; it was false that she had lived a life of shame there. In biz months she had descended to the depths of poverty and privations. One day she had encountered Ross. He was fresh from the Isle of Man, and he told her of the child's illness. The same night she turned her face towards home. It was three weeks Bince she had returned to the island, and Bhe was then low in health, in heartland in pocket. The snow was falling. It was a bitter night.' Crowing dizzy with the drifting whiteness' and. numb with the piercing cold, She had crept up to a lonely honse and askeishelter until the storm should cease. The house was the home of three old people, two old brothers and an old sister, .who had always lived together. The eldest was a. weaver, and when .asthma did not shorten, his breathing, or rheumatism cramp his, fingers, he could, weaveone yard'of flannel ; in a day, and for th~is he received fourprnce ha'penny. Hie younger brother was a shoe-' maker, and for soleing and heeling a pair of boots he was paid a shilling by the shops, and he coold finish a pair in two days. Besides cleaning and cooking, the sister, the youngest of the three, seventy years of age. made nets for the fishermen. Bhe could make a "pair" in a fortnight, and for that she got three shillings. In this household, earning something like a shilling a day, Kate j had spent three weeks of sickness,' and the Manx cloak on her back was a parting gift which the old woman bad hnng over her thinly-dadshoulders. Back in the roads Kate had time to tell herself how foolish was her journey. She was like a sailor who has alarming news of home in some foreign port and hears nothing afterwards until he comes' to har bour. A month had passed. So many things might have happened. The child might be better; it might be dead and burird. Never theless she pushed on. When she left London she had been full of bitterness towards Philip. It was his fault that she had ever been parted from her baby. - She would 'go U.ck. If she brought shame npon him, let him bear it On coming near to home this feeling of ven geance died. Nothing was left but a great longing to be with her little one, and a sense of her own degradation. Every face she re cognised seemed to remind her of the change that had been wrought in herself since she had looked on it last She dare not ssk; she dare not speak; she dare not reveal her- ' self. While she stood in the shadow of the prisoners' yard listening to Philip's voice, : and held by it as by a spell, there was a low hiss and then a sort ot white silence, 4b when a rocket breaks in the air. The : Deemster had finished; the people in the court were breathing audibly and moving in ' their seats. A minute later she was standing by her old ' home. ' It was' dark and uheerieCa. 'A candle had been buniingin the parlour, but it was now spluttering in the fat at the socket As . Bhe looked into the room it blinked and went out During the last mile of her journey she had made np her mind what she'-Would diz Bhe would creep op to the honse and listen ' for the soundof acbild'a voice. If she heard it, and flbe voice was that of a child that was well, she wonld be content, she would go ' away. And if she did not bear it, if the child was gone, if there was no iong--r any child there, if it was' in heaven, she would g^awiy just^the^ tome—only God knew how, The'ioad was quiet With trembling fingers she raised the latch of the gate, ana stepped two" paces into the garden.' There was no sound from within.- She took two steps more, and listened intently. Nothing ; was audible. Her heart fell yet lower. 'She told herself that wheh n child lived, in a j house the very air breathed ot its presence, ■' and its little voice was everywhere. Then ; she remembered that It was late, that it was \ night, and that even if the child #mtp)l it 1 would nofr be bathed and in bed. " How ! foolish f* she thought, And- she took a ieVr r' stens more. -- She had meant to reach the ball window ana look iivbutbefore abb coold dp ao some tiiing came scudding along the path in ' direca^n. It was the dog, ap4 hewas 1 ini furiously. AH al tin? began to capfer abbot her.Then he broke ihto baryngfcgafri. this Hoife with a note of ' recognition ,aijd delight, . shot into . . „ ,—"•bdrkihg, tbe house and ctorieback.gtifl bfirkifig, and making a circTewjoyous salutation in the darknfe&B; round her.; ' ' • Quaking with ,$ear oLinstant ..discovery,: ehe crept under, the did treeand waited. Nobody' came ■ Irom" the • hpuse. "There's no one at hotnb, she .told herself, and at that thpngbt the certainty that the child was: gone fell on her Us an oppression , of dis-. tress. ■ • Nevertheless she stepped up to the pbtfeh and ..listened again. There was no sound within except the ticking of the clock. - The dpor was ajar, and she pushed-it with the It made a rustle as the tips of her lingers. It made a rustle as t bottom brushed over the rushes that lay on the floor in honour of Sb Bridget's Eve. - At that she uttered a faint cry and crept bock trembling. But all was silence again in an instant .The fire gave out a,strong red alow which spread over the walls and the ceiling. Her mind took in the impression that the place was almost empty, but she had no time for such observations. With slow and stiff motions she slid into the house. In on instant she had seen the thing she looked for—the cradle, with its hood towards tbe door and its foot to the fire. At the next moment she was on her knees beside it, doubled over it and crying softly, " My darling! Mv darling!" That was the moment when Pete was coming up the path. The dog was frisking and barking about liim. "She's dead," he was Baying. " The man lied. She's dead." With that word on his lips he heaved heavily into tlie house. As he did so he became aware that some one was there already. Before his eye had carried the news to his brain, his ear had told him. He heard a voice which he knew well, though it seemed to he a memory of no waking moment, but to come but of the darkness and the hours of sleep. It was a soft and mellow voice, say ing, "My beautiful darling! My beautiful, rosy darling! My darling! My darling!" He saw a woman kneeling by the cradle, with both arms buried in it as though they encircled the sleeping child, fie.- hood was thrown back, and her head was bare. The firelight fell on her face, and he knew ib j He passed his hand across liis eyes as if try-1 iug to wipe out the apparition, but it re mained. He tried to speak, but his tongue j was stiff. He stood motiouless and stared, j He could not remove his eyes. j Kate heard the door thrown open, and she lifted her head in terror. Pete wjis before her, with a violent expression on his face. The expression changed, and he looked at! h r as if she had been a Bpirib Then, in a voice of awe, he said, " Who art thou ?" "Don't you know me?" she answered, timidly. It seemed as if he did not- hear. " Then it's true," lie muttered to himself; "the man did not lie." She felt her knees trembling under her. " I haven't come to etay," she faltered. " They told me the child was ill, and I couldn'tJhelp coming." Still he did not speak to her. As he looked, his .face grew awtul. The dew of fear broke out on her forehead. "Don't you know me, Pete?" she said, in a helpless way. Still he stood looking down at her, fixedly, almost threateningly. "I am Kathefine," she said with a down cast look. ^' Kathenne. is dead," he answered. ''Oh! oh!" " She's in her grave," he said again. , Oh, that ahe were in her. grave indeed !". said Kate, and she covered her face with her hands. - . : ■ - . "She is dead, and buried, and. gone from this house for .ever," .said Pete, and .he pointed.to the door. There was a moment's silence, and then Bhe uncovered her face and saiu, ' I unaer Btand—yes, I will go away. I oughtn't to have come back at ail—I know that. But I will go now. I won't trouble you any more. I will never come again." She kissed the ohild passionately. It rubbed its little face with the back of its hand, but it did not awake. . She palled the hood on to her head, arid drew the veil over her face. Then she lifted, herself feebly to her feet, etood a niohient looking about her, made a taint pathetic cry and slid out at the door. When she was gone, Pete, without uttering a word or a sound, stumbled into a chair before the fire, put one hand on the cradle, and fell to rocking ib After some time he looked over his shoulder, like a man .who was coming out of unconsciousness, and said, "Eh?" Tbe soul has room for only one great emotion at once, and he had Itegun to say to himself, " She's alive! She's here 1" The air of tbe houBe sevtned to be soft with her presence. Hush! He got on to his feeb " Kate!" be called, Boftly, very softly, as if she were near and bad only juBt crossed the threshold. " Kate 1" he called, again, more loudly. Then he went out at the porch and floundered along the path, crying agaiu and again, in a voice of boundless emotion, "Kate! Kate! Kate!" But Kate did not hear him. He was tugging at the' gate to open. i(, when something seemed to give way insidebiBhead, and a hoarse groan came from his throat. She's better dead," he thought, and then reeled back to tbe house like a drunken man. Tbe fire seemed to have gone out He sat down in .the darkness,-and put his hand into his' teeth as if to .keep himself irom crying out. 