"DASHING DANDY." "THE HOTSPUR OF THE HILLS ; OR, PONY PRINCE'S STRANGE PARD." BY MARY GAUNT. No, I don t mean to say I wrote it, not for a moment; I could not afford to be so nobly liberal in the matter of a title, but I bought it--one of the Aldine "O'er Land and Sea Library," it states on the cover--at a railway station bookstall for the modest sum of twopence, and I have been trying ever since to arrive at what it's all about, why it was ever written, and how it is that there come to be 133 volumes in the "library," as is stated on the cover, while more are in preparation; and, lest twopence be too much for the average reader, there is also an advertise- ment of the "Boys' first- rate Pocket Library," consisting of one hundred and seventy-six volumes, with "others in active preparation," any one of which may be had with "a beautiful coloured cover" for the sum of one penny. Mine has a beautiful coloured cover, mostly done in red, and the hero, in a brigand hat and some young cannon stuck in his belt, is stretching out his hand offering to stake his life on a game of cards. It is a most exciting frontispiece, and naturally I hurriedly turned over the pages to find out what it was all about. And first I ought to state that though I have given a month to the careful study of the book, I can't yet say in what part of the world, or at what period, these strange and wonderful adventures took place. From references to a pony express rider and Goodman's Gulch I conclude they all came off in California, but as to the time I am as much at sea as ever. However, this is, briefly, what happens about page 8. The scene is laid in a "saloon fitted in elegant style, and owned by Colonel Dick Burton, familiarly known as Devil Dick, who is the villain of the story, and masquerades throughout variously as the captain of the road agents, the owner of a large cattle ranche, and a few other trifling billets of that sort putting on false beards or moustachios or a wig, as occasion may de- mand, and, of course, being totally unsus- pected by any one of these hundreds of men with whom he comes in contact every day. To his elegantly fitted saloon then comes the hero, fresh from a fray--a victorious fray, of course, the writers of the "Aldine Library" don't allow their heroes to be so human as to fail--and at once some villain, without rhyme or reason, points his pistol at him, but he calmly--this man, I find, is always calm--looks in the glass and fires over his shoulder, fatally wounding "Eng- lish Bill," "one of the worst devils in the Gulch, whose shot passes harmlessly by him and smashes the glass to pieces. Being a hero he naturally didn't look round to see if his shot had had any effect, not he; he dashed off his glass of liquor, and said without the slightest trace of emotion, ad- dressing the barkeeper-- :That shot was aimed at me. What do I owe for the glass?" Of course that barkeeper won't take any- thing, English Bill falls back dead, and nobody is as much concerned as if he had killed a mosquisto, though when he goes up to the register and writes his name down in a large bold hand as "Iron Heart, the King of Fate," the clerk does "glance at him with surprise," but the only other effect is to order a servant to show him the best room in the hotel, and the Pony Express Rider remarks that "he's a pard to be proud of." Then--well, I must confess I lost the thread of the narrative for a little, but when I become again conscious I find that Devil Dick and Lion Heart, or Dashing Dandy as they call him, have chummed up, and are having drinks together, when a crowd comes in escorting in their midst an Indian chief, bound, and a girl, "young scarcely eighteen, with every feature exquisitely moulded, large, lustrous blue eyes, a wealth of red gold hair, and a slender, graceful form, dressed in a fancy vivandiere costume that was most becoming, and wearing a slouch hat with a gold cord and feather. . . . In her belt she had two gold-mounted revolvers and a pearl-handled knife, while at her back was slung a small rifle, and her fearless, determined face proved that she would use the weapon if need be." This bold young person, however, who, by the way, is a wealthy ranche-owner known as "Firefly," has got herself into a scrape in spite of the ride and the gold-mounted revolvers and the pearl-handled knife. She has discovered that the Indian chief, who is her friend, and who has saved her life a "score of times," is in danger of torture, so has bought his freedom, the price being "Myself" marked in very sloping italics by the Aldine printer. The saloon is crowded, for Firefly is "loved by nearly every miner in and around Goodman's Gulch," and they're all in a great way, but naturally the justice of the bargain is at once recognised Devil Dick, who all through is always quite ready to take up any stray girl that comes along, offers ten thousand dollars for her, and then Iron Heart tries to buy her for double the sum, but of course the colonel refuses, and then Iron Heart challenges him to a game of cards, and after a great deal of discussion (without the slightest sign of emotion, and with a silence like death in the room) Iron Heart says slowly-- "I will explain, sir. I will play you one game of cards, or best two in three games, for that maiden, against my life." And again the printer put the last three words in very marked italics. I don't know what would happen in reality if such an offer were made and taken, but in the Aldine Library Land it was greeted with a wild burst of applause, and after a good deal more conversation Iron Heart shouts drinks all round, calls the good look- ing young woman to sit beside him, and in order that he may be entirely unarmed takes off his belt, which "contains two large pearl-handled and gold-mountul revolvers and a knife of the same style of mounting and exquisite workmanship." There was great excitement over that game, I know, because the author expressly says so, and after a page or two I find that Lion Heart, "without the slightest trace of exultation in his tone," remarks--italics again-- "Colonel, I have won!" After that I freely confess the excitement was probably too much for me, for I don't know what did happen. Lion Heart wanders round up mountains, remarking at intervals, "Ha! there is mischief here!" and perform- ing all sorts of marvels. This only takes us as far as page 11, and there are 64 in the book. Another young woman turns up, quite an old young woman, for she's twenty- two but for purpnica ol rtvin"i or two, which is not quite clear, she has dis- guised herself as a man and is the lieutenant of the land of road agents, who have a stronghold in the mountains, close by Good- man's Gulch, and periodically stick up the coach, shouting "Stand or die!" No one suspects her disguise, in spite of her possess- ing a " tiny hand," and it is not until she has been shot and buried and dug up again that her sex is discovered, and she retires from the road agents and proceeds to play ghost in a shirt of mail, much to the dis- comfiture of the coach-driver, who, naturally, is as much in the dark as I am, and can't imagine for what reason the ghost is haunt- ing him. Dine There is another young woman, too,. also exquisitely beautiful, who also goes round as a man, looking out for the man who has betrayed her twin brother, and she gets herself hanged, and I think with a sign of relief that one, no, two, of these our many characters is safely disposed of, for her faithful henchman is hanged beside her. But oh dear no, you don't get rid of the virtuous folks in this book quite so easily. Dashing Dandy has bounded forward "like a deer, rinsed his right arm, a pistol gleamed in his hand, and two sharp reports followed in quick succes- sion. . . . then springing forward he caught the fallen youth in his arms, for his bullets had cut the two ropes in twain!" And I really think we might fairly replace the Aldine printers italics with capitals. He's a most considerate man, too, as all heroes ought to be, for when discover- ing this young person to be a woman, apparently because her false moustache fell off, he skilfully fastens it on again, and says to the man who is looking, "Mind you, not a word to anyone of our discovery, least of all to her!" But the captain of the road agents, who is the captain of the Vigilantes, who is Devil Dick and various other people as well, and on occasion wears an iron mask, kidnaps this bold young person and carries her off to his den, where she kills two men, and comes away back to join Lion Heart, and I'm in despair, for this only brings me up to page 17\. There arc several caves in the mountain simply lined with gold; one belongs to Iron Heart, one belongs to the father of the masquerading lieutenant, who is mad--the father, not the lieutenant, and the other belongs to the twin brother of the last young woman, who is also disguised for reasons of his own, and who has another cave, in which he keeps his enemies chained to the rocky floor by chains 3ft. long. There are five of them here in the dark and the virtuous young gentleman describes them to the King of Fates as "beasts in their natures; human beings only inform." The King of Fate, fearless and "nervy" as he was, starts back with a cry of horror on his lips when the light falls full upon their forms shrunken, half- naked, and dirt-be- grimed, and chained by a band of iron round their waists; but, of course, he's far too much of a gentleman to interfere with another gentleman's little pleasures, and he just brings him two more prisoners to look after, and goes off to try and break up the road agent's camp, for they have stolen Fire- fly, and have stuck up the coach and the treasure so often, its getting quite mono- tonous. I may as well confess that I haven't as yet discovered the plot of the story, or any rea- son whatever why it should have been written. Iron Heart, the King of Fate, in the end announces his name to be Guy Fair- fax, and he has been on the track of Devil Dick, because that gentleman left his sister to die and in the end he challenges him to a duel, and shoots him dead, though why on earth he shouldn't have done so on the first page, if his desires ran in that direction, doesn't seem to he quite clear. I've only read this one of the " O'er Land and Sea Series," but it's quite enough, nothing but the promise of very great reward should tempt me to invest another twopence, but the question does naturally arise who does read them? They adorn all the railway bookstalls, all the suburban stationers' windows are full of them, so one can only come to the conclusion that this style of literature must recommend itself very highly to a certain class of the com- munity. It can't be very edifying, but surely it can't be very pernicious; it is so entirely unreal, so deadly dull and unin- tercstmg, the virtuous and the vicious we only know because the author tickets them as it were, otherwise we should not be able to tell one from the other, for they are alike distinguished by a tendency to "draw on sight," the only difference being that the virtuous man gets his shot home, while something generally happens to spoil the wicked man's aim, unless, of course, his target is merely a common miner or an Indian or somebody who really doesn't matter. 