NEWS AND NOTES. The attention that has been directed to our present insufficient jetty ac commodation is, we are told, shortly to bear fruit and steps are in contem plation by the Government to remedy this long existing evii and constant source of complaint to shippers. It will be interesting to note what is ac tually to be done by the Government and whether the same startliug measures of strengthening ties used by them last season are to he repeated. The work that was done last year on the jetty was much ridiculed in Bun bury. There can be no doubt that the proposition to make a stone head ing to the jetty has gained great sup port in the town. Such an extension would insure a safe landing to goods and would serve to a great extent to break the force of the waves which have hitherto joepardised vessels lying moored to the jetty in rough weather. We bear that this matter will in all probability receive attention at the I next Council mooting A special general meeting of the Bunbury Cricket Club was to bare been held last night at the Rose Hotel, but owing to the smallness of the attendance it was postponed until an evening next week. A movement is on foot to have Bank Holidays proclaimed on Wed nesday aud Thursday in Show Week. We hear that a requisition to this effect will shortly be canvassed, and we hope that the support which it will receive will result in this modest demand being complied with. No stone should be left unturned to assure the success of our first " Bun bury week." On Monday evening last the Rev. G. C. Rowe delivered bis popular lecture on " Some old folks at liotne." The Masonic Hall on this occasion was fairly filled, and the audience were much pleased with the lecture. Mr. Rowe chose for the scene of his lecture his native county, Cornwall, and he paid an exceedingly high tribute to the beauties of the scene of his boyhood, and also the character of its sons and daughters. His character sketches were much appreciated. The chair was occupied by the Iter.! J. G-. Mitchell. At the conclusion of the lecture a hearty vote of thanks was proposed to the lecturer. Dr. Emily Beaikebd Eyder who has been lecturing before large and enthusiastic audiences both in Perth and EremantJe has eome to Bunbury to deliver sotue of her Health Lectures Here, and we are sure that the ladies of Bunbury will give her as cordial a reception as she has received in the o! her parts of the colony. Her lecture ertitled " How not to be ill" will be given next Monday afternoon, as will j be seen by our advertising columns, and on Thursday evening next the doctor gives an Oriental Lecture En tertainment, when Hindos, Pars is and Mahommedans will be represented in Oriental dress, and to which the geueral public wilL be admitted. That new blood has lately been in fused into the Municipal Council the recent meeting of that body alone serves to amply demonstrate and we understand that several matters are in embryo for their consideration. One of the most important which is at present occupying the attention of our Mayor, Mr. E. M. Clarke, J. P., is the formal opening of the Bunbury Kailwav Station and be purposes next meeting approaching the Council with a view of suggesting that this interest ing event should take place on Tues day November 13. The Hon. Sir John and Lady Forrest will be invited to perform the ceremony. Our readers will be pleased to learn that the same amateur theatrical com pany who so successfully performed " Caste" last season intend to again appear before a Bunbury audience on Tuesday and Wednesday in Show week in the role of " Our Boys." This very popular piece has invariably been a great success and when played London by Messrs Thorne and James was repeated for over 1,000 consecutive nights to crowded houses. The proceeds are to be devoted to im proving the approach to the Masonic Hall. We are sure that all those who have patronised this creditable build ing especially on dark and wet nights will appreciate the object towards which the proceeds are to be set apart and we can safely leave the irresistible comicalities of the piece in the hands of this talented company. We have recently had much pleasure in inspecting a large and assorted importation of leather at Mr. H. Prosser's boot manufactory in Arthur Street. The leather is principally for uppers, and is of a varied description. It consists of French, English and Colonial calf, and yearling leather of every thickness and weight, and which Mr. Prosser is making to order at an extremely low rate. Also a large order of men's boots both light and strong, and ex ceedingly well adapted to winter wear. Mr. Prosser has, in addition, a large quantity of tan leather and ladies' kid, French calf, Prussian tan, and other leather to be made to order. This is the first time that such a con signment of leather, more than suffi cient for over 1,000 pairs, has been imported into Bun bury, and we are sure that Mr. Prosser will reap a golden harvest from his enterprise. The leather is well worth an inspection and which Mr. Prosser invites. It is all of the fiuest quality, and many orders have already resulted from visits of inspection. The anniversary services of the Wesley an Church were conducted last Sunday by the Rev. G. E. Rowe of Perth, Chairman of the District. There were large and attentive con gregations both morning and evening. In the morning the Rev. Gentleman chose for his text Acts 11. 24. " For he was a good man, and full of the Holy Ghost, and of faith," and in the evening St. Matthew 11. 19. " The Son of Man came eating and drinking.*' On each occasion the discourses were of an eloquent character and created a I very favourable impression in the minds of his congregations. The Flower Service for the children at 3 o'clock was conducted by the Pastor of the Church (the Rev. J. G. Mit chell). There was a large gathering of children and friends and which would have no doubt been still larger but for the showery weather. The children of the school each brought a bunch of flowers which were deposited on the table in front of the nostrum. Mr. E. A. Gibbs read the report of the Sunday Schools throughout the Circuit. '1 he Rev. G. E. Rowe gave an interesting and instructive address which was listened to with great atten tion. Special hymns from the Sunday School Hvinn Book were sung. The Church was artistically decorated by the ladies of the Church assisted by several gentlemen, Dumscr the past week 3-01 inches of rain have been registered at the Bunbury Observatory as agaiust 0 23 inch in the corresponding week of last year. The totai rainfaii recorded from the 1st of January to the present date is 24 02 inches as against 35-69 inches in the corresponding period of last rear, thus showing a decrease of 110/ inches. It will be remembered that at the last meeting of the. Bunbury Municipal Council the Town Clerk, Mr. G. R. Teede, announced his intention of retiring from that position at the end of November, and applications were invited for a successor to tbat post. Mr. Teede has filled the position honourably and faithfully to the Council for 20 years, and we think that on the date of his retirement the Council would be acting gracefully in conreyiug to him a small souvenir and testimonial for his past services on their behalf. Ait exceedingly successful concert in connection with the Wesleyan CFiurch Anniversary was held in the Masonic Hall on Wednesday evening last. The hall was fairly filled and the programme a good one. The Rev. J. G. Miicbell occupied the Chair. The following songs were contributed ; Miss Timperley, " Won't you tell me why, Robin" ; Miss B'aylis, "The old promise" ; Miss Tecde, " The Crown of Life," which was deservedly encored; Miss Roberts, " The Chorister" and "Daddy"; Mr. Parker, "The song for me" and " Forget"; Mr. Roberts, "Scots wae bae" with "It's all up with poor Tommy now," a coinic song for an encore. Mr. Roberts also sang " Come down and open the door," with " Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep" for his encore. Miss Foss played " Off to California" as ail over ture, as also Mrs. Farre.i and Miss Port a pianoforte duet. Miss Baylis played a violin solo " Home, Sweet Home," and Mr. Parry gave two cornet solos, " 11 Travatore" and " The Gladiator Polka" with " Killarney" in response to an encore. Mr. Cross was much applauded for his recitations " Barbara Fritchie," and " Christmas day in the Workhouse" ; and Mr. Bur cham " A Christmas Story." The Rev. J. G. Mitchell said he was soiry that the Treasurer's report was not ready for that evening, but he was glad to state that the debt on the Wesleyan Church had been reduced bv £10, the debt last year being £312 and this year about £300. He baa to thank the many friends of the Church for their liberal support in the past and he only hoped that this would be continued until the debt was wiped out altogether. They bad no foreboding for the future. ITl' conveyed to the ladies and others who bad contributed their talent to mak ing that evening pass so pleasantly a handsome compliment, and be thanked , Mr. Brashavv for bis excellent caler ing for the tea which had preceded the entertainment. Altogether there can be no doubt that the Wesleyan Anuiversary this year has been a great success and we regret that pressure upon our space has prevented our paying more attention to it. 