Jocularious. '['...:. who has it bad. one Is head over hceli Ig love! v$itb\jfc xddug uisuf'ABde «ler%, ^ough' he..calla« or t#kes her out fise nigjjts in.f weelrj sheia jcoteatisfiad. She is always yBirijing for hfe dear presence ; for, when he is away, she withers like a daiaty Aowet in. a cold blast. Tho love-sick maiden usel to call at ? his ofibe frequently, but the.oarfi8.-of -boai. ne83 prevented ; him' givtUg^thB^pTfonep attention lo .her.; andj aJoteovdr, he tSaeid. dob demonstrate his affection behind the screen which surrounded his desk for fear that some of tha all-hearing clerks would learn too much, The girl is one of resources, and she has hit upon a scheme which is working beautifully. She got her 'paw paw' to have a telephone put In hef rflaU detce; and cow every afternoon* at five5 olclock shearings ^nphor lov^a office, ....and, after the exchange of the usual greeting, she, Binga to Jain over the stfre, Ijar selection usually bsing pop abont lov{aa til] jjeajhi. The Telephone Esohange should charge her extra rates, for it is found that the burning ~ vows exchanged through the telephone are having a remarkable effect on the wires, which have developed a tendency to shrivel The BngHsh ienerolent lady, Baroness Burdett Caiitts; wafl. attending a tiountrf board school tb hear toe ohildren reply7 to t clergyman's questions. The three first boys of a class were told to answer in order whqn asked ' What do you believe io.— -God -t^e Father, God the £on,. and^Goa the &ol;$ Ghost*.' Ori forming a line tlie first lad was asked the qaestioa. * Go! the Father,' he replied, ' Very goad,' said the clergyman, and tnrning to the sscoad he said : * What do you believe in ?' * God the son,? was the reply. ' And you,' queried the clergyman to the third boy, who said, 'Nothing, sir; the boy {who was to have believed ia tha Holy Ghost had the etoniach-Sohe and had to stop at home.' _ : Grocer ; — ' What have you been doing in the cellar so long ?' Grocer's 'Apprentice : — 'I have been cleaning out the treacle measure. It was so choked un that it didn't hold morn'n half a quart.' Grower :— ' Ob, that's what you've been doing, fuve you? Weil, you take your hat and go home, and tell iyour father to put you into tbe tract distributing business. You ain't fitted f jr ho grocery trade.' —O—o— A lady in Hong Kong engaged a Chinese. When the Celestial came, among other things 'she a^ked his name. ' My name,1' said the Chinaman, smiling, ' Wang Hang Ho.' 'Oh, I can'.t remember all that;3 said the lady; 'I will have to call yon John.' Next morning when John came up to get his orders, he smiling all over and looking inquiringly at his mistress asked: ' What your nami?' 'My name is Mrs. Melville Lanion,' ' Me no memble all that,' said John, ' Chinaman he no sivey Missus Membul Liudon — I call you Tommy.' 