CHARLEY'S FIDDLE. 1.1 fi. Story of the American . Fratricidal War. ' : : er ROBBBT O, UBYER3; IT is small matter to what army, North or Sontb, this drummer-boy belonged. . Young he was, bio fair skin a tanned by tbo grim old san, 1 bin blno oyen iihininROut, liko 3 very. lorget-ma-notB, in tbo 1 dull, dark aurronudinga. j Tbey said ot him iu camp 1 that he was a boy, and auioly Jv, tboy treated bim, in their rt) rough way, like uohild. Snn- I burnt men eallcd bim Charley talkod with bim; $ polio of ecenea far away, i-Jf ivhere thoso whom tbeaa tun- burnt men loved moro tban Buytuingcloa in tbo world lived ; and Charley listened to tbem, and heard what was never told to older, lees uneophisticatod com panions, for Hamohow his yonng fooe and light, ahecrfol laugh appealed to theso men, and raude them ccnfldo in bim. There wau oven a minor that Sandy Green, tho tail, awkward widower from tbo frontier, had told Charley about his own young days, and mado tho boy'o blno oyca brim ovor nt eome little tnnohof sentiment. - You may, perhaps, say that there 'is no time, no place for sentiment among big, brawny men prepared for and experienced in war. It ie not so. Around camp fires, in dim places at night, when tbe tramp, tramp, tramp of tho sentry acorns ghostly, arid dreary, and full of diro warning, there are tales of love, and sorrow, and lots, and hope remem bered and told to liotening ears tbat hear these faintest whispers as greedily as tboy do the awfnl, death delivering sound ot can non, or swift whistlo of the rifle-ball. Thus was Charley, the drummer-boy, a oyolopsdia ot tbe gentler thoughts of the soldiers aboat him. Often in tbe dusk ot evening, when tho men wore loitering about tbe camp, and tbo kindly stars were pooping faintly out above the while tents, thero would come a little, wailing sound on tbo breeze, and the listeners would Btop in thoir gams of cards, or their wild talk, smile, maybe, a little, and say, " That's Charley's fiddle 1" And did anyone tako the trouble to look for tho boy, ho might be soon perched ap on a ledgo ot roek, or sitting flat on the ground, bis ehin pressed down, and his bow in liis hand, scraping dolefully out of his shabby violin all the old, old tunes he romcmbcred, and some of tbo newer ones made tor the war, and oven some silly, love-lorn ditty, whioh bad oome by a devious way and a fear ful misohanoo into eamp. So, here among the purple shadows, whan tbo fire on thD ontposte shimmered, and there was a strange quiet around, while tbe crickets chirpod, Charley would play tho tunes ol peaos and happiness, tbo Br.mo as miles away they wers being played and sung by laughing, oareloss people in tho orownod cities, -filled, with tbe rumors of war, not understood, but appreoiatcd. Bat Charley had nover been in an engage ment as yet, and the men said, " Don't bo so anxious, boy ; it'll all ooms soon onough 1" And it did oome uoon enough for him. Charley wrote to his aunt that camp-life was just the thing for bim, only it was so monotonous. Ha also told the boys that this aunt was tbo only rolative bo bad in tho world, and that oho was a queer old woman, strong of will and tamper, cud that she was " mortal angry with bim " for going away from her — for, somohow or other, bo guested she "sort 0' liked bim." That was all ho told them, and thoy got qnito a joke up about " Aunt Teddy;': ond often spoke of her to Charley, and told bim, when tbey saw him busy writing, to ba sure and sond muoh of their love to bar. " You don't know her," said Charley, " or yon wouldn't mako so light of it. Why, she oould take any ol you single-banded, and you'd never know what hurt you." And so he wrote often ond often to her. Bnt Obarloy's fiddle! Well, it seemed part ot bim. Ha loved it I He loved tbe miserable little tunes ho aonld play on it ; he loved to sit down anywhere, and at any time, and ctriko up one of thoso little tones, and play, and play, and play, till it was a wonder how muoh endnranco catgnt has, not to mention hnmen fingers and patlenoe. Ha would pat bis fiddle almost as though it wern a little ohild, and his bine ayes wonld flash as his band swept over tho strings. And tha time went on ; and iu the intervals of Charley's drum-taps hiB fiddle took it up. Tho day oama when there were prepara tions for a battle going on ; the enemy woe surrounding them ; and Charley was glad, but quiet. Tbcro was lass timo for fan in oamp now, and picket duty was not- sentimental any more— oxcopt that it was tragio. Two man bad been picked off by soouts, and the grim faces ot tho boys looked death when they beard. Yet one pleasant, oool night, while the long, white streets 0! the oamp glistened in tho moonlight, and it was not yet time for the mon to turn in, Charley was seen by Sandy Green busily writing a' letter on bis drum-bead.' " For aunt Ted, Obarleyt" asked Bandy Green. And the boy nodded, and' laughed. Toon tbo old man etood tbero w&tobing; him for a long time. He saw the pleasant,! brown faoe with the' bluo eves bent over the writing — and ho -— wob a rough, a very rough man, mind you 1 — a tall, ungainly, rad-hnirsd backwoods- man, older tbaD middle Ufa, too ; and one to whom trouble was no account, because it must be surmounted. And yet bo stood here, in tbo oarly moonlight, watobing tbo drum mer-boy writing a letter to an old woman. Gharloy lookod up when ho bad finished. "Ho, Bandy 1 von there yet 1" said ho. Then ho folded too letter, ond direoted it. " Sandy, I'll give it to you to see posted for mo. Wilt you do it ? Yoa'vo got more ohancos than I bavo." So Sandy took tbo lotter, and said, as ha turned to Cbarley : " Do you know, boy, that we expect a sorimmsao to-morrow ?" Yes, Charley knew it, ODd bo was glad. He got Sandy Gresn to toll him all ovor agaiu about the battles that bad been fought beloro ; be listened, and was bright end chirpy over tbo stories ; and the older man warmed with bia subject, wntabed tbo light in tbo boy's oyes, and ended by patting him on the back, "You'll do, Charley 1" ho said. "And now give ns a tune, for who knows— -well, givo us a time I" So Obarloy brought his fiddle, and eat down on tho eido of his drum ; and Bandy laid his sprawling length on tho ground, his head on his band. Then a tune, light and gay, wont forth from tho littlo liddlo I And the tuno went on and on, till tbe stars blinked, and grow brighter; and nil ot once Sandy said: . "Say, Charley I givo ns tbo song you ployed last night." There wao a slight pause, nDd then quietly, plointivoly on tbo pleasant air oamo me whole timo of "Homo, flweet Home," ooftly and slowly plnyod, filling tho air around, ond touching with kind Angora tho hearts ot tho listeners. The boy a head 1 rapped over his fiddle as he sat tbero lanosd on th'o drum, and Sandy Grcen'u . (| waa pressed hard into his head, . And -e tune went on and on, and the stars tukled, the crickets obirpod peacefully, ' en, all at once, a bugle sounded, a con- .0«d noiso wM bornojo them. Sandy was on bis ieet,uaatnys arnnrwasmmiDtaQ- and the enemy was on them I Who can toll of the droary anrprise, of tho terrible fight of that night, carried far into tho beautifnl morning when innocent daiaioe wero rod and horriblo to look at, and the leavoa of trees wern blackaned and scorched by tho powder ? Who can tell of tho wild, smirched faces, turned slightly up to tho sky ; the dead bands alutobing tho grass ; tbo soiled and torn olotbina pierced with a little new hole, whenoe lifo and flattered out? Long into tho day it lasted ; and there wore no moro birds' songs heard. The white strcots ot tho oamp wero gone, and a confused- mass of men, soma wounded, and all bitter, wero hero instead. And the fight had ended, tbo onomy had disappeared, and those man were— victorious ! Throughout the fxiht tbey all remembered to hsva hoard tlio drum, Tboy romombered seeing young Charley batlcss, his lithe, boyish form in the thickest of tho fight ; for. there had beon small order — it could not bo otherwise. And soma ot tbem said ho had bosn seen with a muskot in bis hand, loading, and firing, bravo and soldierly. But now there was a silsnoo ; these woro not bia drum-taps. And somebody else sonnded tbo roll as those men stood up to answer to their namos. There were many gaps in tho roll — many men who would answer to but ono roll-call moro— tho mighty Roll ot tho Last. And when Charley's namo was called there was no response ; and many eyes turned to other eyot in rnuto inquiry. So on the roll wont ; and at last Sandy Green's name was called — no answer. Auain it wob called, and then— than Sandy Green's voice answered from far away, and they saw him coming end limping up tho hill, Charley on his shoulders, wbite and wild, Tbo man cheered — yes, they did— thoy cheered I And Sandy stood in tho midst ot thom, his leg wonndod by a ball, and told bow bo had been found by Charley when a bayonet was going to mnke an ond of bim, but that Cbarley had ancd his bsyonot to dreadfnl purpose, and Sandy bad beon saved. But, utrsngo to say, tho boy had not seamed to rccognieo bim, Sandy lad taken bim on his shoulders, for tbo boy had growu faint and white, had called his namo ; bat a blank look was all the reply be had received. Charley's mind bad stopped. There he was, looking at the men, a smile on his faco, bnt an unmeaning light in bis blno eyes. They looked at bim, thoy shook him by the band -, bat ho said nothing— he recognised no one. The surgeon earn, ond shook hie head, " 1'rinht !" he said. Uut Sandy Groan cried: " It's a lie, begging yoac pardon ! The boy wasn't frightened." For all that, it made small difference to Charley. Day by day, as this portion of the army made entrenchments where tbey wore, and prepared for winter quarters, (cr this point must be guarded, Charley loitered about tho hospital, not siok, uot ailing, but with his mind olonded. One ot the boys had hunted for his fiddle, bnt only tbo frag ments nod tho strings wero left, and these Sandy Gresn had taken charge of, ro ho lay iu uio cut ; tor, euiu i/e, " Tho eight oi thoso things might mako tho boy worse." Tbe surgeons studied tho ease. It was new to thom ; a fine opportunity for experi ment; and experiment tbey did, and made nothing of it. And still Cbarley smiled, and went about seemingly happy, knowing no one, spooking to no one, missing nothing ho had before known Tho men, when tbey met bim, called out, " Hi, Charley ("and he seemed to be pleated at that— nothing more. Ofton tbey would look at him, speak ol him, for you soe tbey | had all so liked him. Aud Sandy Groan was . grieved at heart, though his manner was as gruff and rode as ever. After awbilo the surgeons oamo to a strange eonclution. They said tbat tho lite of Charley, from tbo first surprise on that eventful evening, that night when he bad seen a fight, was a blank. They said Ibat there wao no bridge to oonneot the tims be loro, and tbe time after that terribly experi ence. Tbey cited vest authorities, end con futed themselves about tbem, and so far oonfused Sandy Green, who was hobbling about, that tho rough man looked on Charley so though ba ware n ghost, One day Sandy green, feeling in bis poekot, found tbo lottor whioh Charley bnd written to Aunt Toddy, end which had nover been posted, end had been forgotten ever since. At sight of it, ho went for paper and paneil immediately. That night ho had told the boys he had written to Charley's aunt, getting the direction from Charley's unposted letter. 1 Annt Teddy's opining to camp, boys," said Donio of tbem, in faint romembraneo of their old humonr, over Charley's relative. 1 " Sandy Green ban written toiler, telling her I all about the boy." | Lo ! lo ! A few days after, a toll appari tion, gaunt and grim, draped in grey, made its appearance in the hospital, asking for Oharloy Morgan ; end in less than an boor it wae known all over that Charley's Aunt Toddy bad come. All who oould sauntered past the window, juet to peep at her. But they did not go twice, for her fierce look wob something dreadful ; and it was overywhero at onco. Tboy were afraid of hor, Tboy might fnae the enemy, but Aunt Teddy was something mora. And Charley f SI10 jast wont ap to tbo poor lad, nnd took hie faco botwoon her 1 two bony hands, j "Ohatleyl" she said. And ho turned his I smiling moanlnglces I faco to her, and laughed low, and did not know her. ... She snt quietly down, ana rocked herself to a fro. Not Annt Teddy oould do nothing either, So tho days woro on» 8Q(1 some of tha boys oaw bar sitting boeido Cbarley, holding his band in hers, and lookiDg fiercely about her like a lioness guarding her young. She would not bavo him stir from her, and he aesmed perfectly contented botide her. And when .tho mon saw hor sitting there, fierce and on guard, holding tho boy's hand in hor own, nnd he smiling ana happy- looking, they felt a lump in their throats ; and In a way tbny rospcotod Annt Teddy more than if she oried overhhn, calling him loving names, for they saw strength there, like their own— »trann>h of nrateotlon -'Ana, ao yon know, it was said that' vrnfita Bandy Green saw her coming in tbat day, be hobbled out as fast as ho oould, end with a wliito lace ; a> d ho would not go near bar when sho asked for tho man who had written her about Cbarloy. He, too, wao afraid of her— tho gaunt, grim apparition. To tho doctors ebo was a littlo moro conciliating ; and, although sho told them tbey did not know tboir business, yet, when ono ot tbem leaned down, and tried to tako Charley '0 band from bor'a to givo it a friendly shake, sho said : ' Don't, please ! I want io hold him to mo, for ho'n all I've got." And tho doctor cnnld not help grasping iter's, with a great cboka in bis throat. " It wo could awaken Charloy to eomo momory of tho past," said tho_ doctor to hor ono day—" if we oonld bring him baek to tho day before tho fight— if he oould recognise something he had known then, wo might save bim porhapa." " I'm not n rioh woman," was the reply, " but I'll write this instant to my agent to sell my liouse, And that money — all I bavo in tbo world— I'll give to tho man who brings my boy book to me." Now all thiB was duly roporied about camp — all this and more. And it was told to Sandy Gresn, among others. He shook bis head gruffly. Bat in the middle of tho night Sandy Green roso up like one poeseesed and searched around, and foand'nn old flat cigar- box, All the next day he worked at the box, worked mysteriously and kept lookers-on away. For two days ho eorapod at it. On tho third, Charley was to go away with hia aunt; forehabsd determined to teke hint bome. On this last evening Sandy Green was seem larking about tbo hospitRl ; and onso, wbon Aunt Teddy rase and went, to eeo about soma final prcparntione for departure, ha darted in, caught Cbarloy by the band, and limping swiftly away with bim, took bim to a littlo knoll far off— took bim to a drum laid side- wisa on tbo ground, and, seating him there, pulled out a cigar-box. shaped rudely like a violin, the strings of Cbnrley'p own lost in strument stretched npoti it, Then he brought out a rough bow. Cbarley ant down there, and amtled vsguely up at the sky. Sandy drew the bow across the strings, but before he could repeat it, a rustling noise was heard, ond there was Aunt Toddy, frightened out of her wits at missing Charley, and she was followed by half tha boys, the two surgeons among thom. Bandy Green raised bis bawd to warn tbem, Thoy stopped, motionless. Then slowly, laboriously, ont on tho pleasant ovoning air oama tho old tone of " Home, Sweet Home," rudely and brokenly played; bnt there it wae— there it was 1 The smile on Oharlcy's face faded out.lika tho light of the ijptis fatuus. A e tar tied ex pression came instead ; he leaned forward— bo tietened. Tho boys pressed closer and elossr. Sardy Greon's fingers trembled so tbat he could sonreoly hold tho Impromptu fiddle. All at once, nil at once, two tears rolled dawn Charley's faoe; he started up, looked confusedly about him, opened bis lips. " Aunt Teddy t" he cried. lie wae oov- His annt was Kneel ing at his feet, nagging bis kneea, crying wildly. Tbe bays stood there, a glitter id Ibeir eyes, until tbo twodaotors went up to Sundy Green, and shook bim by tho band, for be had done more than tboy oould do, and they owned to it. Then they all, every man of thom, went op to Sandy, nnd wruDg bis hand. Ha had let tbe fiddle fall to the ground, and his tough lace was Beamed with tears. " Here 1— somebody lead me to Sandy Green 1" oried a voice, the voiee of Charley's eunt: " for I can't eee, I'm crying so hard ; g3 CICSS jgrn nnww vwa J And Aunt Toddy was marehed ap to him, bat not before Charley hod caught both Bandy's bonds in hiB. And what did Aunt Teddy do? Sho just throw her arms around Sandy Green's neak, and gave bim a sounding kiss, before nil tbe boys, too 1 And from a score of strong throats oamo a cry : "Three oboora for Bandy Green— and a tiger I" And she shook' hands with thom, every one. Aunt Teddy did not have to sell her house as a reward tor " nnyone who could eaveber boy." The cigar-box fiddle may still be seen there— and often is soen by Sandy Green and others — and, it is obristensd "Onaniisr's Fidsm:." 