Divers' Stories and Experiences. A diver who goes down in clear water has the strange and fometimes terrifying experi ence of aetting objects much enlarged, perhaps twice their natural size. A few years ago I was employed, by a company which under took to raise the machinery and boilers out of the wreck of the Commodore, which waB suns off Norton's Point, Long Island, U.S.A., in 1854\. At the time the steamboat went down there were no derricks strong enough for the work. We anchored a little sloop about 50 feet off from the wreck, and, when all was ( leady, I went down. 'When I got below into the boner-rocm 1 daw looking out at me, from one of the furnaces, two eyes as big as saucerB. I stepped to one side, and out shot a huge shark. As he darted past me he gave me a -flip with his tuil that knocked me 15 feet. That knock was not, however, bb bod bs it may seem; for it's easier to move objects under water than above. I myself could eaoily shove a man 10 feot under water. Divers often encounter sharks, and hags fellows they seem too. But we don't take -much stock of them. The diver is usually moving about, the escape valve gives a shrill -whistliDg sound, and my experience is that Bharke, like other large fish, are scared halt out of their wits when we divers appear upon ? the scene. A diver who went down to work on toe steamship Viscaya, which was in collision and sunk off Barnegat light, had a gruesome -experience. It was a difficult job, so two diverB were sent down — one of them to re . main on deck in 60 feet of water, to act as second tender to the other diver who went below. The latter had been below but a few minutes when three jerks came over the life line. When he had been hauled up on to ' the deck he was so unnerved that he forgot he was still in 60 feet of water, and signalled to have his helmet removed. When both 'divers had been hauled to the surface, he said that while he was working through a gang way, he had seen two huge objeets coming toward him ; and nothing could dissuade him from the belief that he had seen two subma rine ghosts — until the other diver went down and discovered that there was a mirror at the end of the gangway, and that the diver had ? seen the reflection of his own legs, vastly en larged coming toward him. One day, when we were working on a rock in the East Eiver, New York, I met, as I ? stepped off the ferry boat, a diver pale as a sheet. He was hurrying so that I couldn't stop him to aBk what had happened. When I came to the spot they told me he couldn't more than have reached bottom before he -signalled to be hauled up, and was so un nerved that he rushed off without telling what had happened. I said I'd go down and 'they lowered me — right on top of a dead body. It always gives me a disagreeable sensation to come suddenly upon a dead person under water, unleeB I happen to be diving for him. ? Then I'm glad, to meet him, even if he does 1 seem twice hiB natnral size. But there are divers who will not have anything to do with bodies, and when they come upon them snd . denly, will be unnerved and uBelesB for the rest of the day. In the dark New York waters you do not know of the proximity of a body until you chance to touch it. A diver told me that once, when he was working at the foundation of a pier, he put his hand np for support on one of the piles an.d felt a small shoe. He knew right away what be had found — the body of a little girl. It was spring time and the body was begin ning to rise. In working a wreck we always get the 'bodies out first. It is bad enough to be ' belting' around below, without having them about. The silence of the depths — unbrokeD but for the click of the pump—is too oppres ' sive for us to care to have the dead staring at us. We can judge by the temperature of the water where to look for bodies in a wreck. If the water is cold they will be on the floor or lying in the berths. If the water ' is warm they will rise to the ceiling or \- against the bottom of the berth above. When we raised the tugboat Bronx from the EaBt Eiver I found the fireman sitting in a chair in the fireroom. Divers, when ready to come up from a ?wreck, mnst exactly retrace their steps, other wise they are apt to get tangled up. For instance, if in working his way to the hold the diver passed to starboard of a mast, he should pass on the same Bide in working his way back, otherwise bis line and hose will ?catch around the most. To get tangled up below is a terrible predicament for a diver. There is but one thing he can cut— the life line, for they can lower him another. But I have known divers become so desperate when tangled up that they have lost their heads and ?cut the boee — which meant death. A cargo of barrels is dangerous to break out, because they are apt to float up when you have loosened them and get foul of your hoae. I once had a barrel with an iron chine jam my hose against the ceiling, and for a time it was a question whether I or the barrel won master of the situation. Jute ib alto a bad cargo to handle, because it tangles itself about a diver's leps, bo that often it will take him several hours to clear himself. There are about half-a-dozen treasure-ships ?off America's shores. They have been verit able treasure-ships to the divers who have been engaged to work them, though not per haps to the employers. An old bottom off Peekbkill is said to be one of Oaptain Kidd's Teesels. A man once hired me and a crew to raise the treasure. We had a good time all Bummer, and he Beemed to enjoy watching us work and paying us our wages. The best known treasuie-sbip hereabouts iB the British frigate Huoear, which struck on Pot Rock, Hell Gate, New Tork, in 1780. She went down with 107 men and, it iB said, a great amount of gold coin intended for the British forces. This vessel has been worked for treasure since 1818. Parties have operated with a diving-bull, have grappled with ice- tongs, and in fact have endeavoured in ways as numerous ' as they were ridi culous to raise the treasure. But I never heard of anything of value being obtained since 1819— when her guns and upper Bheathing were brought up — except the anchor, and I rained, that a few years ago. There lies the Fussar just where she sank, only she has worked herself a nest thirty feet below the bed o£ the Gate — and, if tbere was treasure aboard her, it is tbere still. If there is truth in the story that has come dowu from 1780, the waters of Hell Gati- are eddying over a treasure of £200,000. Romantic poB flibilitiei attract people so strongly that a party was formed in New York, ia 1881, to ' raise a treasure-ship in theSed Sea which was believed to have sunk about the time of Christ. The party sailed ii»o here on the brig Gypsy, but I have never heard of them kuick A wreck or other heavy objecta reiiuiinr when lt sinks, except that it m«y worh itself down into the bed ; and, speaking of the Bed Sea, it is my opinion that a diver could prove or disprove the narrative of the destruction of Pharaoh's host. 