Jfaii jfobB. LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent. 1 London, June 22, 1S94. The eyes of the mothers of England are fixed just at present on the White Lodge, where an ' interesting event' ha.s for Kome days been 'momentarily expected.' Need less to say the preparations for the ad vent of the youthful stranger into this vale of tears have been made on a most elaborate scale. Mr. Asquith, as Home Secretary aud the newest thing in family men, will be Minister in Attendance, aod a fire-engine is kept har ueased night and day to coavey him at full gallop from Guildford (where the right hon. gentleman ana nis wile are staying) to the scene of action. The Archbishop of Canter bury must also be present, so he too is on th6 qui vive, whilst some hundred lesser func tionaries lie in ainbush arouad Richmond anxiously waiting. The engagement is announced of Mr. J. M. Barrie — whom 1 am glad to say has become qui fce convalescenS — to Mies Mary AusclJ, the charming young actress who played in 'Walter, London.' Though it has only just beeu made public the pair have Leeu aiiianced several months, and Aliss Anae'l left the stage eotne time ago. I have not the nooor of the young lady's acquaintance, but if she is half as sweet and good as she looks Mr. Barrie will be a happy man. Tbo Master of the Rolls must have believed the Claimant alias Mr. Arthur Orton dead, or he would never have been injudicious eno-jgh to refer to that notoriety as 'a man of un equalled nerve and great natural abilities.' The ob3erva.tiou occurred, needless to Bay, in the course of Sir George Jessel's panegyric on the late Lord Chief Justice, bub '? the unfortu uate nobleman' is not the man I take him to be if he doesn't uiaaa^e to get 'stood' many long and strong: drinks oa the strength of the com pliments. Sir George only expressed the opinion of the whole legal profession when he characterised Sir John (Joleridgfa's crossexami nation of tho cl&imaat; as the most masterly of our time. No one, he said, can doubt'thab it broke down the case as no evidence couid have done, .«tnd had an eifect which no evidence eould have had. Au old lawyor recalling the scenes of that memorable feat in the Westminster Gazelle saya : — It is not too much to say that it was largely owing to the merciless effect of this examina tion that the plaintiff's counsel elected to be nonsuited. Day after day the corpulent creature, wearing faultless kid gloves to dis guise his rati hands, sat in the box to be riddled through aud through with a fire of questious, the answer to every one o£ which on!y tended to reveal more and more his profound ignorance of everything the real Roger Tichborue should have known. Question after question began with the formula, 'Would you be surprised to hear?' until it became tbe joke, not only of the law courts but also of the comic papers and tho humorists of the minor stage. It is questionable it the significance of thia memor ablo cross- examination, regarded as a forensic tour de force, has ever been adequately re cognised outside the legal profession. The Tichborne case mads so many repu tations — it also marred a few ! — that its particular incidents are apt) to be belittled and pereonal records to bo* somewhat dulled. I was present in court on several oocasionB while it was progressing, and I know that the effect it had on my mind was to convict the Claimant out of his own mouth of being the greatest impostor of the century. It was all done so blandly too. No bullying, no hector ing reminders to the witness that he was on his oath. All was courteous, even dulc6t. It was nevertheless the very refinement of torture, the very acme of inquisitorial pitilessness, to keep tbe miserable wretch for days at a stretch on the rack of an exposure absolutely un exampled in its searching completeness. The badgered liar got flurried, mopped his perspir ing face, and made desperate attempts to bluster his way out of the ambush into which his skilled questioner had entrapped him ; but that questioner, with his bland smile and soft seductive manner, went on just the eame, without haste and without rutti. Never was irony more perfect than the affectation of grateful surprise with which eome of the Claimant's aelf- oonvicting answers were re ceived by Sir John. One of she most sensational cases in which the late Lord Chief Justice appeared as a young advocate was the Road murder trial. Mr. (afterwards Sir John) Karslake conducted for the Crown, and Mr. Coleridge had been instructed by the prisoner's (Constance Kent) family to defend her. On being arraigned, however, she at once pleaded guilty. The cir cumstances of that mysterious tragedy, which for many months was the absorbing topic of public interest, are well nigh forgotten now. The baby brother of Constance Kent had been taken from its cot in the dead of night and foully murdered. Suspicion fell on several members of the household, but the crime could not be brought home to auyone. Con stance Kent herself was arrested on the charge, and a strong prima facie case was made out against her, chiefly through the circumstance that one of her nightdresses was missing, but the skilful advocacy of Mr. (now Sir teter) it dlin induced the magistrates to dismiss the case, audit would probably have remained an undiscovered crime if the guilty person had not, moved by religious influences, come for ward five year3 afterwards of her own accord ts pay the penalty of her crime. As soon as the plea of guilty was recorded Mr. 'Coleridge rose amidst a stillnees that was painful, and with deep emotion uttered the following sentences : — ' As counsel for Constance Euiilie Kent, acting in her behalf and by her direct instructions, I desire to say two thing3 before your lordship passes sentence. First, and solemnly, and in the presence of Almighty God, as a person who values her own soul, she desires ms to say that the guilt is hers only, and that her father and others who hare so long euffered most unjust and cruel suspicions are wholly and absolutely inno cent. Next she desires me to say that she was not driven to this act, as has been as&ertsd;, by any unkind treatment of her mother-in-law. She meb with nothing at borne bub tender and forbearing love, and I hope I may add, my lord, not improperly, that it gives me a melancholy pleasure to be made the organ of these statements, because on my honor I believe them to be true.' The words were few ; they added little to tho prisoner's own confession, bub they ae6med to those who beard them to be charged with a solemn meaning. As a judge, curiously enough, Lord Coleridge was not a great success, though his silver voice and his splendid dignity made him seem an ideal one. Lord Edward Cecil, of the Grenadier Guards, who was married on Monday afternoon last in great «tyle to Admiral Maxse's daughter Violet, is the fourth son of the Marquis of Salisbury, and a rather. heavy-looking man. None of the young Cecils seem to inherit ' their father's abilities. Lord Cranbourne has.' side' enough tor himself and all his ancestors put together, and is famous in the House for his manners. His -younger brother, the rector of Haifiold, one has heard good things of, but. what, I don't tor the moment remember. Miss Violet Maxee is a beauty, and said to be both witty and ' brainy ' — ft favorite Girton word — also. The marriage was solemnised at St. B&viour;'s, Walton- street, and of course the elect of the. beau-monde filled that , sanctuary. Ex perts prbnonnced .the '. bride's dress strik ingly simple .and conventional. . She. wore m vjejwis, b.ut tto moeti exquMta o&tntt;&j; orange blotsoms, and her bouquet of Odonto gloHSom Alexandria and white roses was some thing to wonder at. The bridesmaids, as usual in smart society nowadays, were four small but b.lue-blooded damsels, viz., Lady Marjorie Manners, Hon. Mabel Palmer, Hon. Beatrice Cecil, and Miss Barbara JekylL They were prettily dressed in eome pale mauv9 matRrial striped with satin, with yokes and pulfed sleeves of white chiffon and large chip hats trimmed with clustera~of violets. The bride groom presented them with enamel brooches bearing the initials E.C., with a' violet entwined. The prevailing note of this wed ding was severe simplicity and good taste. Flowers alone were in profusion, and these were superb, in fact the pick of the Hatfield hothouses. For once, top, 'O perfect love' did not figure in the programme, '.Gracious Spirit, Holy Ghost,' and 'Now thank we all our God' being the hymns sung. Lord Salis bury, Mr. Ball our, Mr. John Morley, and Mr. Asquidh signed the register. The most re markable feature of tbe Jong list of presents is that no royalties figure amongst the givers, even her Majesty's Indian shawl for ouce being conspicuous by absence. Tho Marquis' of Salisbury looked far from well, ' and it is openly .said he suffers from an internal com plaint which will prevent his ever again assuming the responsibilties of Government. The news of Sir William Harcourt's pending retirement from public life which I tent you some weeks back is now semi-publicly con firmed. Mr. ' Lulu ' Harcourb will also be seen no more in the lobby after the present session. I think it improbable Sir William meditates taking a peerage, as Mr. Lulu, it is said, means to do something in tbe eity ; or to use the more grandiloquent phrase, xo 'enter upon mercantile pursuits.' The days when it was appropriate to nick name a certain royal personage 'Turn-Tom' are no more. Under tbe fostering care of the great anti-obe=ity expert, Dr. Towers-Smith, bis Koyal Highness's waist has become nearly, that is to say almost, slim. ' Labby,' too, who threatened at one time to grow positively tubby, has ' likewise recently put off much solid fle&h.; ? *'Tay Pay' gossiping on this phenomenon in the weekly dun says: — Among -the many peculiarities of that Btrange and unique character — ot whom, probably, the memoir writers of the future will write more than of any man of our time not a great minister— I mean Labby — among his pecu liarities is an inordinate love of medicine — an almost insane desire to reduce his weight to shadowy and transparent limits. When first I knew Labby iu the House of Commons, he threatened to have an old age of rotundity that would have made him resemble a IJaalia in his declining years. Bub Labby took to Banting ; has gone nearly every year to a German cr Austrian watercure, swearing all the time that they are absolutely inefficacious ; and has added to the rigid teetotalism he has practised throughout his life very severe rules as to dietary. Tbe result is that he is now a very thin man. But the craze for taking medi cine never leaves a man or woman on whom it has once fastened ; and Labby goes about with saccharine tabloids and hail a dozen other drugs in portable form. The other day, sit ting next him at tea- time, I saw him take out a brown and not very appstis'mg-looking tab loid aud swallow it just before he took bis tea. This is a bran new drug, but now that I am about to mention its qualities, real or sup posed, I quite expect to find it universally adopted, for the desire to grow thin may be now described as the master pasBion of Lon don tociety. This tabloid is supposed to re duce you in weight at the late of about a stone a fortnight, leaving you at the same time perfect liberty to eat and drink as much as you like. It is the gland of. seme animal ; and I have eome to tho conclusion that it must be the thyroid gland. The introduction of this tbyrcid gland aeta by strengthening the weak part in your own system, and by purifying or strengthening tho biood extracts from the system the unhealthy elements which produce obesity. One man boasts that he has reduced himself from 17 st. to 15 st. weight within the space of six weeks, and all the time has enjoyed himself to his heart's content. 1 am sure this new tabloid will eoon bo found in the waistcoat pocket cf every diner-out in the metropolis. I have said that to get thin is now the dearest and highest goal of London society ; I know no stronger proof cf this than tha present appearance of the Prince of Wales — the leader ot London society. Some months ago I was invited to the dinner of die Middlesex Hospital, and I was ulad to go because I regard th&t; hospital as one of the very bust ruanaged institutions in Loadon and because I have more than one good friend connected with it. The Prince of Wales wes ic the chair. I had not seen the prince for a considerable time, and I \vs.a astonished by 'tbe difference in his appearance. He has become quite a nice young man again, and I f-hould add that he made one of tbe boss chair men I havo ever met. Tho prince is only cue of inaviy emancipated people who are raving about Dr. Towers-Smith — a physician whom I do not personally know, and havo never even seen. Dr. Towers-Smith has restored elasticity and lightness to the middle-aged, aad has given back ber trim and youthful waist to tiie matron, aud is in short the theme of. prayer s,ad praise and gratitude wherever I go. Mr. Chaplin, who used to have to pay an annual visit' to Carlsbad, now goes instead to see Dr. Towers-Smith, and though he still speaks on the wrongs of agriculture with profundity does so fioin a much-atceauated frame. Per haps Dr. Towers- Smith believes in the thy roid gland tabloid. The grand finale to a splendid afternoon's sport at Herne Hiil on Saturday was a Ten mile Bicycle Ra.ce with pacers, which re sulted in tbe destruction of Stock's ten-mile record by Mr. A. J Wataon, of the Poly technic. Tha principal riders were Soanes, of the Surrey Bicycle Club; Keuies aad Dance, of Catford ; Lambley, of tbe London County ; Lewis, Stroud, J. Green, of tbe Comet Club; Ilo&b;, PJatt- Bettij, Camp, and Watson. To a very eveu start the riders wece sent ou their journey. From the tiret tbe pice ruled fast, and by the time the first mile was covered a tail had b«eu established. Watson led at the second mile (4 inin. 34g sec), but soon after Green went ahead, and the third mile produced a fresh record,' viz., 6 min. 53 sec. Then Heuies took the lead and kept it uutil the seventh mile was negotiated, his times being — Four miles, S) mm. 4? sec.: five miles, 11 min. 272 sec; six milts, 13 ruin. 4SI sec; seven miles, 16 min. 21; eec. Watson went to the head of affairs next;, and so hot had the pace become that only five of the com petitors were still pedalling. Kight miles, 18 min. 2G sec., eaw Watson careering madly along, with lienies hanging doggedly to him, and Soanes in close pursuit. The leader fiaibhed his ninth mile in 20 min. 50J sec, and putting in all he knew for the last laps, the Polytechnic wheeler reached the end o£ his journey in 23 ruin. 4? sec, thus beating J. W. Stock's English record of 23 min. 20 sec. by 15? sec and equalling L. G. Mentje's American record. In the run home Soanes beat Henies for Becond honors, finishing about 150 yards in the rear of the winner. He also beat the Eng lish previous best by 2? sec. Henies got home in 23 min. 37 jl sec. They have gotten themselves into a pretty self-government pickle in New Ireland — I mean Newfoundland. ThiB pettifogging colony has apparently one peculiar function in the Empire, and that is to show how colonial self-government cau be reduced to an absurdity. The statesmen of Newfoundland a short time ago did their level best to set the mother country and France at loggerheads over the matter of the French treaty rights in the Newfoundland fisheries, and in spite of an amicable arrangement having been arrived at between France aud England long ago no actual settlement of the dispute has been possible by reason of the contumacious rejection of her Majesty's Ministers' vjry fair proposals by the islttnders. And now the colony has contrived to bring about an absolute deadlock in its own domestic affairs from which it is difficult to see any issue creditable at once to the home and colonial administration. The history of this domestic crisis might well serve as groundwork for one of the jocular absurdities which Messrs. Gil bert & Sullivan provide for the Savoy Theatre. The Island House of Assembly was returned (by manhood suffrage) with a two- thirds majority in favor of Sir William Whiteway. His creatures and himself numbered fourand twenty, the total representation being 30. Hardly had the session commenced than no less than 17 petitions were presented against the return of members of the White way faction on the ground of bribery and corruption. The accusations in cluded the giving of money, profuse promises of employment upon public works bo all who voted for them, and a lot of minor illegal vote-catching expedients. Sir Wm. Whiteway's seat was attacked, and also that of Mr. Emerson, the Speaker of the Assembly. In spite of vigorous efforts to cause delay the courts decided against one defendant after anobher. The positipn was getting utterly un tenable, so Sir William and his majority pro posed to have a dissolution, and so whitewash in the most convenient manner the politicians of their party accused of wrong-doing. But the Governor, acting it is believed on stringent orders from Downing-street. refused to die Bolve, so the Ministry resigned, and, backed up by their majority, proceeded to refuse supplies and obstructed business, whioh they could do with full effect 8«eing that the minority waa not large enough to even form a quorum. The Revenue Bill ran but, but the Governor continued to insist upon payment of Customs. The Speaker wrote home calling attention to this threatened out rage on 'constitutional principles,' and at once assumed the role of Colonel Hampden. He appeared at the Gustoms House and insisted upon the delivery of a parcel directed to him without payment of dues. On refusal he takes possession by force, being banked up by a riotous crowd. And so began the struggle between the : tyrannical ,Gqi»inar and a people (struggling jfco b0 ^tislitutionally free. As the St. James' » 'iQmme remarks, *' it would be. difficult _far'. Ingenuity to devise . a more complete f«&efaetto; ad absurdum «f colonial Belf|R»y|bittgnfc than crisis is got up for no other purpose . than to extricate a number of politicians from the consequences of their own alleged corrupb practices. The leader of the majority and the Speaker of the House, who are both personally concerned, are active promoters in the manoeuvre. To complete the comioality of the situation the Governor is obviously pre pared to pay no attention to the grand consti tutional tail talk of the majority, and the police seem perfectly ready to obey his ordera. What issue there is to be to this muddle we cannot well guess, but we are prepared to suggest that the Colonial Conference at Ottawa may reasonably be induced by the whole aeries of transactions in Newfoundland to ask whether it is not in the highest degree ridiculous that a colony on this scale should be endowed with all the apparatus of an indepen dent Government. If ever there was a practical argument for federationof the colonies it is here. Newfoundland has a population about as large as Brighton scattered over the coast of a very large island. It is in fact a large thinly inhabited parish, and its ' Ministry' behaves not much better than a country vestry. When this body is threatened with investigation, it strikes an attitude and begins flourishing the constitutional long sword with the most heroic gestures. Is it not absurd that a community of this type, which has neither extent and variety of population to lift it above the parochial level nor tho wealth and extent which would give it a sense of responsibility, should be in possession of a Government as fully aimed as that of Canada or New South Wales, and be abie to embroil Great Britain with her neighbors as easily &% it can set its own Assembly and Governor at loggerheads?' 