JNTEEEEES: " Short, Sharp, Shiny." " Mary, Mrs. Chambers complains that you grossly insulted her when she called this morning. "Well, marm, you told me to give her an evasive answer, so I hit her on the nose and slammed the door in her face. Warm. Cricket. "Cinders. Wool sales. Cyclorama. Crisis in Italy. "Continentals." Napoleon's ghost. Labor Conference. Fire at Davenport. Drowned in a tank. Lawlessness in Cadiz. Floods in Queensland. Serious riots in Berlin. Phylloxera in Victoria. Sudden death at Milang. Embezzlement in Sydney. More gold from Coolgardie. Wreck of the Eillon Donan. Serious accident at Richmond. A house at Edwardstown burnt. The East Adelaide burglars arrested. An old Northern Territory resident dead. Fine weather for to-night's "Continental." A warm day and "Cinders" in the evening. Public school " kiddies" holidays are nearly Another batch of 25 men dispatched to St. ] Kilda. The Italian Royal family are having a high old lime. An attractive programme at to-night's " Continental." The Duke of Clarence was buried on January 20, 1892. Porb Adelaide ratepayers object to the f move on" clause. A complimentary benefit to Mr. Walter Bentley on February 2. A new oyster and dining saloon was opened by Mr. 11. Taylor lasb night. A season' oE drama inaugurated at the Theatre .Royal this evening. The Intercolonial Postal Conference will be held this year in New Zealand. The Liliputians will give a concert in the Town Hall on Monday evening. Don't miss Beeing Napoleon ghost and the fairy fountain at the Cyclorama. Forecast for 24 hours ending 6 p.m. to-day —Fine, with light variable winds. The names of 3S5 unemployed have been registered at the Commissioner of Public Works' office. The steamer Bullarra left Fremantle cn Thursday, taking away gold of the declared value oi £21,526. ' The medical degrees of the University of Adelaide recognised by the General Council of Medical Eduoation of the United Kingdom. Tides at the Semaphore.—To-day—Low' water, 10 a.m.; high water, 4.30 p.m; To morrow—Low water, 10.30 a.m.; high water, o p.m. South Australia will probably be repre sen ted at the Postal Conference by the Minister of Education and the Postmaster General. _ This week, in reply to a sixpenny adver tisement in The Advertiser for a woman to do sewing, there were 50 personal applications before 9 o'clock on the morning of issue. GLEANINGS ON HUMOR. With all their wisdom, astronomers have not yet announced whether the dog-star is a skye-terrier. Visitor—"Your river is really; very bad." Loyal Glaswegian—"But just think how bad id would be if ib were worse.'' Bashful Suitor—" Would you jump at the sight of a mous6?" Up-to-Date Girl—"No; bub I might ab hearing a proposal." Biakely (as Tendertone, the long-haired tenor, passes)—"If that fellow's hair and his brains were to change plaoes ho would be bald headed." Fussy Girl (waiting for expected caller)— "There's a step. I wonder if that's him." (Step passes on.) "Dear, dear! I ought bo have wondered if that were he." Cora—"You have a fine sense for the ridiculous." Diok (rather flattered)—"Why do you think so?" Cora—"I noticed you smiliDg at yourself in the mirror." Stillingfleet —"How eould you conscien tiously tell Miss Elder that she is the only woman you ever loved?" Tillinghast—"It is a fact. The others were all young girls." Jack — "Modern brides don't blush, I observe." Maud—"Certainly not. Looking back over countless generations we are be ginning to realise that it's nothing, to be ashamed of." Pat (with bad tooth)—"Til take a bit uv that toothpowder, av ye plaze. Wan av them dentisb felleys pulled a tooth for me wunce, bud I'm after trying blastin' on this wan." "The scent of violets makes Patti so hoarse that she can soarcely speak," said Gasser to Chinner. That evening Mr. Chinner took home a large bunch of violets to Mis. Chinner. " Then, Marie, you don't love me any longer ?"—"No, dear, I oan only be a sister to you for the future." "A real true siBter?"—"Yes!" "Ah, then, lend me a sovereign." Justice (sternly)^" Why did not you inter-, fere in this digraceful fight?" Policeman— " Paith, yer honor, 01 hadn't the heart to intyfere in the besb foighb. I saw since Oi lift Connemara !" Mrs. Nuwed—"Henry, that new cook of ours is some relation to the one we just dis charged." Mr. Nuwed—" Great Ctesar ! how do you know?" Mrs. Nuwed—"Well, the policeman on this beat is Iter cousin, too." Her father (coming suddenly into the room) •—"Eh, what is this?" Her lover—"I was telling Miss Budd a story." Her father " With your arm round ber waist?" Her lover—" Er—yes, sir. It was a love story." Lady—"Do you always drink grog when you're thirsty, captain?" Captain—"No, madam. When I'm thirsty I drink water just like you." Lady—"Then when do you drink grog ?" Captain—" The rest of the time !" A man suddenly - ended his bachelor career by marrying a widow worth £40,000. "Don't imagine," said he to one of his friends, " that I am simply marrying for money. If she had had only £20,000 I should have married her just the same." A New Adjective—Customer—"You'll find I measure a bit more round the waist than I did last time you took my measure." Tailor—"Ah, well, sir, if I may be allowed to say so, you are a trifle more—ah more Lobenguious than formerly."—Pivtich.' " I believe you're drunk again, John ! And I'm told you were actually seen yesterday staggering through the streets ! Now what will people think when they hear who you are?"—"Oh, that's all right, sir! When I'm drunk I always give your name !" On one occasion when Edouard Devrient had been acting the part of the villain in Schiller's "Robbers," he was called before the curtain. After bowing to the audience he said, "During the performance I expressed what I did not feel. I now feel what I am unable to express." An exhibitor of wild beasts in Paris has adopted a plan for securing his money which is respectfully submitted to bankers and bond holders generally. Every night he deposits the daily receipts of his exhibition in the cage of the most ferocious of his animals, and he has never lost a penny. In a small village in the south of Scotland an elder in the pariah ohnrch was one day re proving an old woman, who was rather the worse for liquor, by Baying—"Sarah, don't you know that you should fly from the tempter?" Sarah (not too well pleased)— "Elee yersel'." Elder—"Oh, Sarah, ! have flown." Sarah—'' A well, I think ye'll be nane the waui o' aaithes flutter." 