CHAPTER I.-GOD'S FACTORY. They were a company of ropemakers. For two huudrcd years they aud their ancestors had been tenants under the dukes of Devon- shire. In this current year of grace the toilers occupy thc building in which their forefathers worked, and on thc same easy terms They pay no rent, nor ever did. Yet they possess the most wonderful house of labour in the world. It is the entrance to what is known to typography as the Devil's Hole ; but if ever building gave special evi- dence of the Divine hand it is to be seen in the great cavern of the High Peak. It has a dome and a nave that dwarf St. Peter's and St. Paul's. The roper's drum and wheels and flying yarn make a music of their own. It is as if the men and warnen gave tunes to the cordage which they spin. Thc strings of the industrial harp are many and various. Once in a way a woman's voice rises above the buzz of the rotating yarn, and the chorus breaks thc monotony of tho daily toil. This is generally a jubilate, in which the younger voices fling nut the refrain with open throats -" Happy Land ! Happy Land. What e'er my fate in life may be ; Still again, still again, my heart shall cling to Thee ! And this was their happy land, this Cave of the Peak, and this village of Castleton. Human fancy could hardly conceive for this unconscious worship a more impressive temple in which the Divine edict should bc fulfilled " In thc sweat of thy brow shall thou eat bread." In tbiB temple, that dominates the Cavern of the Peak, the ropemakers of Cavedale, men and women, girls and boys, work and live together as a model Socialistic community, but without the noisy reclame of a cheap democracy. They fulfil their daily duties quietly and in peace under thc unwritten laws of a united family. The Throne is their' ground landlord, and ever since there were Dukes of Devonshire, and in thc old lime before them, thc CavendisheB have been thc leaseholders. These ropemakers of Cavedale, In the palish of Castleton, have seven masters, j When one dies or is thrown out (an excep- tional incident, which formB one of thc chief motives of this present history) thc eldest son of thc family takes bis place. If there is no son then thc oldest workmen of the dead muster succeeds. There are to this day nome two or three score persons employed under thcBc BCVCII families. Five of thc mnBters belong to one family ; two to another. It isa very close borough, and picturesque as it is close. Strängen* who have observed in bookB of travels pictures of the High Peak cavern arc inclined to wonder what thc weird gallows-like uprights and posts arc, with flying ropes and hauging weights, and sug- gestions of vast wheels beyond, and curious figures standing out against the darkness. This is the ropery. Each master hus his walk. Seven rope-walks traverse this stupendous ex- cavation, which is thc hallway of the ea-callcd Devil's Hole, with its headways and subways, ilB hulls of Killis and its dripping wells, its underground rivers and its other mysteries beyond. These uro things that do not con- cern thc ropers much. In the old days there were ghosts in thc cave, hut the ropers were hardy folk and they had their free possession to maintain, so they paid no heed to ghosts, nor took any account of the shadowy men in armour who were said to appear in the grounds of Pevcril's Castle immediately above thom. Mr. Ruskin probably never saw this High Peak house of labour. Otherwise thc world would have heard something nf it, Bincc thc recluse of the Lakes loves hanp-madc things, and delights in tho primitive, thc lowly, and tho natural. Thc roabcrs of the Peak, who pay uo rent and work in a factory made by God, spin and weave in the old Egyptian way. Their ropes and twine, their halters and clothes-lines, their whipcord and cables, arc all made by hand. Their factory has no doors. It ts open to sun and shadow, to summer winds and winter blasts, and the ropers work lhere right through thc year. It ii a shel- tered site. You arrive at it through a valley which is made musical by the brook that is born in thc cavern and which now and then becomes u torrent-angry, yellow, opaque, terrible. As thc floor dips at its further end the central openiug is somewhat dwarfed, and hos thc remarkable effect of a mighty window which us you approach it opcos out, and finally gives upon thc footpath in Cavcdule, whence you see thc great limestone front rising up sheer to thc sky with lichens und stray flowers upon its wrinkled fucc, and here and there u wild bird sweeping athwart thc iron-grey rock and disappearing into thc heavens above. It was at this untaxed factory of freemen that Jessop Blythe was haled before his peers to suffer the penalty of the drone. For masters und men labour and obedience was thc legacy of God's factory. In thc most democratic of Socialistic communities labour is a condition of existence. When thc ideal Commonwealth is started, there will be much more casting out of thc lazy and thc dissolute than is dreamed of by the open-mouthed idlers who drink in thc sophistries of long haired and long-headed agitators in London, Chicago, and Paris. Jessop Blythe had worked in thc community since boyhood. Always a truant and a lag- gard he had over und over again broken thc unwritten laws of the master« of Cavedalc. Latterly he had taken to drink, and he was untrue to the best interests of his fellows. He hail undersold them in thc markets. He had reviled their occupation. He worked only by fits and starts, and had generali) drifted lo the bad. The masters were loth to move against him ; but at last their patience was exhausted and discipline demanded that he should be cast out from the hive. Fortunately for Jessop be had a hard-work- ing mother. She had succeeded to the business of her husband, who was a lapidary. Zodack Bradford was lier foreman. He had held a Bimiliar position with her husband. Zodack was what Derbyshire people call " a character." Everybody is "acharacter" in thc Peak country who is not of the common and regular pattern of humanity. Zodack in his way was a man of phrases. He shot his controversial opponents doun with a queer saying or a rough epigram. He was also the cleverest lapidary in all thc county. Old Blythe had put his son Jessop to the rope making. Thc lad did not frame well for the cutting, engraving, or polishing of stone. He was a dull metalled lad, und there was an opening in the ropewalk which in due course led to Jessop taking a master's place in lieu of the ordinary succession. On becoming one of the seven Master, Jessop Blythe Ead married Hesther Grattan, and within a month or two of his marriage he had taken to drink with a regularity and persistence that, devoted to his proper calling, would have lcd to prosperity. Jessop had always been fond of a glaBS and a bit of compauy. He was popular at the alehouse, and the delight of Saturday night smoke rooms, because he could sing a good song, and was " os sweet a whistler us ever cocked a lip," to quote the verdict of Castleton, and the old town wes fastidious in tho matter of inuBic, rejoiced in its Glee Club, and at Christmas time would give forth its " Halle- lujah chorus " from thc " Messiah," " Hark, thc Herald Angels," and "The Star of' Bethlehem," with un energy that was stimu- lated with mulled ale and rum punch, the recognised order of refreshment for the Waits all round about the regions of the Peak. When Jessop Blythe was haled before his fellows he had jusi been made a father. Thc new-comer was a girl. He had insisted upon drinking her health with his mid-day meal. Any reason for a drink waB a good reason with Jessop. Zodack Bradford said the youngest master roper had in one short year become thc oldest waster and vagabond of the lot. Not that Zodack intended to imply that the roperaakcrs individually or collectively were vagabonds. Zodack was a just man, and he knew that thc ropers were a law abiding, sober, honest community ; though once in six months every master made a point of " going on thc spree ;" but he combined business with pleasure. Once in six months each roper went forth to sell his goods. There were no middlemen connected with this cordage factory. Each master was his own commercial traveller ; and going upon thc road twice a year each man aB a rule made it a point of honour to enjoy himself, and it is believed by many I hat to get drunk once in a way is a very enjoyable, if not indeed a very healthy and wholesome thing. But the rope-makers would not allow this belief to break down the discipline of management. Therefore Jessop Blythe had increased the disadvantages under which he laboured as a recalcitrant by being more or less inebriate when, in the middle of tea-time, the men and maBters assembled to maintain thc vitality of their unwritten laws and regulations. There was a great deal that was good in Jessop Blythe. This may be said of many a worse man. Zodack Bradford declares that nobody is all bad, not even thc habitual criminal ; but the good is BO difficult to find that it is hardly worth looking for. He was very angry with Jessop because he liked him, and had seen him grow up. Beiug none too well off at any time, ana living to u great extent on his mother and in her house, Jessop had adopted a son. He did not call him hie son. but he treated him with paternal con- sideration. This youngster was a Welsh lad. His name was Lewis Trcgarron. Hu had found hin way from Cardigan, in Wales, with his widowed mother, firstly, to Cardiff, thence to Liverpool, in some small trading vessel, to drift eventually, heaven knows how, to Chesterfield, where the mother had died in the workhouse. While the Guardians, with a Íiropcr regard to the fair distribution of taxes or thc poor, «ere trying to discover the Earish to which thc orphan was chargeable, ewis Tregarron, with his high-sounding name, his empty pockets, and Iiis no less empty stomach, set off to seek some more home-like nest for himself than that which presented so hard a front to the far-away hills of thc Chesterfield workhouse. Lewis Terra- pin ran away from the workhouse, and one day, cold, hungry, thin, weird an to his sunken eyes and bony jaws, presented himself before the company of ropers at thc entrance to God's j^ctory. He was the most weary, dark-eyed, strange-looking little chap they hud ever seen ; and Jessop Blythe took compassion on him and succoured him. He was au intelligent lad, said he was eight years old, waB horn in Wales, had lived at Cardi- gan, hud neither father nor mother, und was willing to work, but would rather die than go back to thc Union, all of which pleased the ropers, und won the admiration of Jessop Blythe, who said he'd bc bunged if uny Union workhouse in thc world should compel thc lad to swig skilly or break stones so long as he I i veil. So Trcgarron was fed and mended by Jessop's mother, not without much grumbling and protest, and was forthwith taken on at thc ropery. They love lo nickname men and things in thc Peak. They called Jessop's mother "Stingy Iilylhc," and for this they no doubt, lind warrant ; but they were not always justified in their nick-names, some of which were incongruous us relating to the character nicknamed, und others, when they were not humorous, descended lo cynicism. Because the waif Tregarron was thin and odd, and too little to be of any importance, they named him in a grand way "Trcgarron, the Welsh man," and thc oldest master of the roners, for tho roason that he was of a mild and gentle temper, and benevolent and generous to a fault, they called " Billy Nipper." (To he continued. J 