, The Right Policy. TO THE EDITOR. Dear Sir, — That the ensuing Conference ?will have to face financial difficulties of more than ordinary magnitude is very evident ; but that they can be dealt with in a manner that will permanently relieve the whole Connection is, in my opinion equally certain. The Rev. A. J. Harding's letter ; directs attention to the difficulties, draws erroneous conclusions, but failB to suggest any practical way out of our. troubles. * Mr. Harding will understand the position better when I ask him to point out new circuits formed by the Conference within the last ten years that we should have let alone. Our troubles arise from an insane policy of of holding on to old stations , supplyingthem with single ministers, long after all hope of making them a success has faded. Rylstone for instance (in connection with Mtidgee) haB been tried 28 years, Bombala and Cooma: 23 years, Narrabri 15 years, Went worth 14 years, Bingera 11 years, and not withstanding that important centres like Newtown, Grenfell, and Bega were kept waiting for years, and pleading for help, we still sent on voting ministers to these hope less and decaying places the while bidding the others wait. The care is not fur to seek. At the Armidale District Meeting of 1890, I carried a resolution (I don't kncfw what became of it) recommending that all Circuits which failed within a reasonable time to discharge in full the obligations in curred by the appointment of a single minister, should be made Home Mission Stations; and that Circuits which (with reasonable help from the Church Sustenta tion Society) failed to provide within, I think, eight years for m married minister, should become Home Mission Stations. Let places like Rylstone, Cooma and Bom bala, Narrabri, Wentworth, Bingara, Port Macquurie, Adelong, and (if Mr. Harding likes it eo) Brushgrove and Ulmarra, re ceive the appointment of Home Mission aries, and we will at once be on a track that will lead us into smoother waters. Let us be thankful that the ensuing Conference outlook indicates a scarcity of young men for Circuit work. Already two circuits (Grenfell and Cowra) are without ministers, three of our young men now in circuit work should go this year to our Theologi cal Institution, two or three applications for a minister are from very much more promising fields than most or all of the above ; and if, instead of doing as we did last year, viz , send candidates into the circuits who ought to have gone 10 the Col lege, we resolve without fear or favour, to supply the people in decaj ing districts with agents suitable to their financial conditions, agents who will not bring to the Conference an additional married minister to provide for every fourth year, we will be able to pay our way and not close our doors against young men whom the Holy Ghost may bid us separate for the work of the ministry. Yours sincerely, G. R. Glasson. P.S. — Only two young students will, I believe, be available this year. 