PAVING THE WAY A ROMANCE OF THE AUS TRALIAN BUSH. Bx SIMPSON KEWLAND. p^MiQ^i -bj-spedal arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] Chaptee XXIX.— (Continued. ) The day bad at lost come upon which James Enfield was to take Maria Grantley to wife, and, as instrument for that purpose, a clergy man of tbe Anglican Church had been pro cured to perform the ceremony. Miss Maria 'h»A given a stifled little shriek when that irreligious, irreverant young brother of hers might be saved by an appeal to the Rood offices of the district registrar, and, if that were not sufficient, by a subsequent jump over the domestic broomstick. Enfield also thought is untimely jesting on a solemn matter and very properly insisted upon obtaining the services of the Rev. Jeremiah Jiggs, a clerical luminary with only one feature worth men turning, namely, his forehead, which was most expansive and even intellectual in appearance, though bis detractors maintained there was nothing in it. There was a chapel in the village — for En counter Bay now boasted of having become a centre of population — and here the residents far miles around assembled once or twice every Sunday. Bat for the Rev. Jeremiah Jiggs to have entered that unassuming *' conven ticle' with the view of performing a marriage service, or for any other purpose, would have been to touch the unclean thing, to commit the unpardonable sin — in fact, it was not to be so much as dreamed of ; and therefore the bell over the door was doomed to be Gflenc notwithstanding the joyful event which was to be celebrated. The Rev. Jeremiah would probably have strongly objected to a con venticle bell tnlfing any part in a function at which he was to officiate. According to his ideas there must be no temporising with those outside the pale of the only true Church. He would be happy to join the parties together in the holy bonds of matrimony in the build ing of which he was the unworthy pastor ; or .he would sojourn in the service of his Lord at Encounter Bay and perform the sacred ceremony in the house of his esteemed friend, Miss Grantley. As for Roland, when spoken Himself to be personally indifferent as to who officiated. 'I don't suppose,' said this highly im proper young man, ' tti&t; it matters one jot now, or by whom, they are married, so long as tie knot is securely tied. If Enfield or Maria, however, can be madeany thehappier by that solemn ass professing to perform a divine act and invoking a blessing on their union I have no objection — indeed, I am charmed with theireimplicity.' ** I am shocked at the looseness of your religious principles, nephew.' *' And 1,' he retorted, 'shall never more be shocked at what the strictly religious principles of a lady I know will allow her to do and deem it done in the cause of truth and xwbteousness. ' 'Properly so, too,' she added firmly, 'when xb is to bring the scion of a noble house to a eense of what is due to his family and his order.' 'Even though subterfuge and lying are used to rake up the dead past of ac innocent \- man for the purpose of blighting the life of a trusting young girL' 'Say cf a possibly innocent man,' sbe coolly answered; 'as to the subterfuge and lying, that is mere supposition on your part— you never even asked to see the correspon dence.' ' Nor was it necessary,' said he, 'since my surmise is evidently eo near the mark.' ' I care not ; my motive is to save an old name and title from disgrace and extinction. I have said nothing about my love for you, yet I have loved you more than all the mem bers of our race and would love you still if you would allow me.' 'Too late, aunt! I am not one of those ; who kiss the rod that smites them. True to ? tell, I should hate you for taking my part for ? or against me in this matter. You should ? have let roe * gang my ain gait.' My own accursed pride is your strongest ally, pro \- 'nobly quite strong enough without any bribe of estate or title to prevent me doing the only ? honorable thine to one to whom I owe the deepest gratitude man can owe to woman.' She wouldhavespoken again, but he abruptly left her. 'If I had but the spirit that would become me I should bring my Petrel up to that sleek parson and ask him to marry us ; but, coward that I am, I dare nob ! No, I can scoff at the pretensions of the Grantleys, but I cannot be ' tbe one to link my name with a stain. Yet I have only barely escaped the same stain my self, ay, and of a deeper dye, through her de votion and heroism. My sentence would have been 'hanged by the neck until you are dead,' probably commuted to imprisonment for life. How, then, Roland Grantley, are you better than David Cleeve? And it's not David Cleeve you ought to make your wife, but Petrel, who is as spotless of ctime or stain as purity itself. Ah, but the case is different and must be fairly stated with fitting sophistry. I, in the eye of the law, have been guilty of nothing. The charge of shooting blacks, though believed by the whole colony, or the world, carries no disgrace with it. Serving a sentence would entail that, ? but then I have not nor ever shall eerve euch '? » -sentence, eono taint attaches. ' David Cleeve picked up a hare, which to ? a man in his position in the wise old world is ' tabooed ; to break that taboo is a deadly offence. Listen not to his reasons or explana tions : try, sentence, and transport him. He . has suffered, undergone imprisonment, and is \- consequently disgraced and that disgrace descends— whether deserved or not matters not one straw — to his innocent child. Ay, . and to those after her to the third and fourth .^generation. Well, it is obvious, according to ?'-the reasoning of my esteemed relatives, that I, EVa- Grantley of Grantley Hall, free of all stain, » cannot, in justice to my order and ancestry, ally myself with so palpable and undeniable a blot and, moreover, fix it upon any offspring ? I may have. D ? my pure-bred aunt ! why could she not leave me in doubt as to that con vict taint? My virtue might' have gone eo far ?8 not to have enquired myself, and 'ignorance ?would have been bliss' with Petrel ! Some body said, ' The devil take all old women ;' if be had known Mies Grantley he would have added, 'and keep them safe, too. amen !'' From all which it will be seen that Roland Grantley is considerably perturbed in spirit and the future of our dear Petrel is wavering in the- balanoe. Chapter vyy. — The Reverend Jeremiah Utxkbs-4. Wobd ix Season. Ebxtune was kinder to Maria Grantley, for she 'was duly married to the man of her choice ; the Rev. Jeremiah Jiggs performing tite important function in a most impressive manner, not abating one jot of the whole aarvioe that can be used on such occasions. 'T hope yon don' 6 doubt you are effectually spliced, whispered Roland to the bride in a purposely audible tone, bo that the reverend ?gentleman could hear, ' for you have had the i comprehensive whole from 'Dearly beloved ' to 'amazement9 — enough, to make any man prefer the broomstick.' Of course there was the osual feast, the tearful farewell, and final departure, certainly to the relief of the two most concerned. Then ' they rode away os bush steeds to Enfield and . Ctffdrdfe station, 'The Creek,' where in the -course of this story we shall be compelled to :'tfoHow. Meanwhile, we leave them to the /fruition of those halcyon dreams which those \- -entering the perfect state of matrimony have a ? tight to expect to be realised. The Rev. Mr. Jiggs was to have remained' for the night or probably longer** Talkie, and 'Roland, as the host, naturally ought to have tdasired to«tay at home toenjoy bis society and -tB*do him honor. That gentleman, however, received intelligence that «fc»tn«wy»ii bis pre. '«BBoestaaout-e*ation. ** I must start at once,' eaid this shameless, jpnngman, 'and shaH not be back till late to ^aagbi; pray do not sit up for me;' and iaatcaighftwayberodeoff to the Fishery, where rnEotrel was waiting, all excitement to hear :,afboat the wedding. With her be*tbrew aside teMbe worries of the day and fora time listened |'«ith a lowerfe delight to her animated enquiries \aas4o how everybody looked, bow the bride bore the ceremony and the parting. Presently the gloom that had possessed him '/lately cameoverbim and nob all Petrel's flow -of spirits could disperse it He knew she mast, -when talking of each things, sometimes $hiak of when she too would be a bride — ^perhaps even wonder tfaat be never spoke on the eobject. They had gone to the old *ea*. and noticing that he had become »3en* and abstracted the pirl grew -more affectionate. Then bis passion broke 'i-wth in all its strength beyond his control. ? BeAoved bar — would she be bis without wait -ing for a parson's blessing? What availed 4hat? it could not sanctify their union; their tjove-did that, not the aotof church or priest or 'Jaw. Poor Petrel ! loving him as she did, bow was she to defend heraeif against his eophiotiy -aged with eloquent vehemence * At last in an imgnanded moment came- oa* ?nimpfied doabttha* be could marry her. 'My witfe me, darling,' be implored, ' to —ntitinr colony ; in New South Wales I will -takeout another run, and we will leave this .'hateful please where they elanderas and begin ♦new life.' ?'What - and leave dad?1 she cried, shrink* iat'fiiiin him appalled. 'Too cannot mean it. B I have not deserved better treatment ?idom yem, surely he has.' JBoc very shame be hang his bead. 'Yon would have to leave him if you married me,' he muttered. She burst into a pawdon of tpxs bo unoon tooDableand violent that it alarmed him and fc^BMBBfl-hnhad mlxbeen jqingjiec fidelity. and soothed her back to some degree of tran quility. But when they parted, though with all or more than the old caresses. Petrel felt the first doubts of her lover ; never more shall she know that complete trust in him or any man again. Love him ? Oh, yea ! to her last hour the must do that, but not as the perfecs hero who won her first affections. Ab for him, he mounted his horae and rede furiously away, ashamed, foiled, burning with the passion be 'felt for her, such as he well knew no other woman could ever inspire. On in a wild tumult he dashed, until the cool tea breeze calmed him down and he could review more quietly what had passed. He had gone so far now that the next meeting would bring the end. She would certainly want to know why he had so changed, and then he muse tell hits tale, what his marrying her would coat him, and why. Yet he shrank from telling her what her father had been and was etill. for ho knew it would cut her to the heart. When once she understood the bar between them she could not blame him bo much ; and then the ignoble thought again occurred to him, might she not, after realising all the circumstances, consent to be his without the marriage ceremony ? That she would offer to set him free rather than ask him to marry her and blight all his brightest hopes and prospects he was sure ; but that was not what he desired. She was the light of his eyes and the joy of bis heart — surely she could not leave him ; he would reward her for it by being faithful and true all his life long. His uncle, if satisfied that he had made no misalliance, would make him his heir, and thus be should obtain the two objects of his great desire — Petrel and the Grantley estate. His wild gallop along the sea beach over and these satisfactory conclusions arrived at our hero reached home in a much more prosaic fashion than might have been expected ou his leaving the whaling station. Nor were his dreams of a disquieting nature ; so persuaded was be of ultimate success that they even partook of the same triumphant tinge. After years of prosperity in Australia, in which Petrel bore i a part, he fancied that he went to the old world to take possession of his inheritance acd title. Great were the re joicings of the tenantry at the welcome given the master, Sir Roland, on his arrival from the far-away land ; but. though he could not un derstand why, Petrel was not with him in these proud moments. At breakfast the Rev. Jeremiah Jiggs hoped he was not fatigued after his arduous attention to the duties of his avocation and coneequent late ride, to which the young scoffer replied 'that he trusted he had not disturbed Mr. engaged, as be understood was the pious custom of men of the cloth at the midnight hour. As for himself, bis burden was almost greater than he could bear, but he hoped to be supported under it.' On this the parson looked straight down his nose and Miss Grantley could not forbear a grim smile, while Joan was on tc9 verge of a giggle. As the conversation was in danger of languishing, to 'set it in flow again Roland asked the reverend gentleman if he believed in ghosts or if the spirits of the dead returned to the earth * 'In ancient days,' answered the piotts man, 'we may fairly assume they did, because v.'e have the authority of Holy Writ to prove it; but as the age ot miracles is passed, when the body is once buried I think we may feel very sure we have done with the departed as far as this world is concerned.' 'Your reply,' said Grantley, 'opens up an aspect of the question upon which I wish to be enlightened. Suppose tbe unfortunate dead has not had the advantage of pious ministra tions or those of any one qualified to perform such holy duties, is it) nob then probatile that the spirit may haunt the spot where tbe mur der or violent death had taken place ? I have put the case before you, air, because it is confidently asserted in this neighborhojd that the missing man Salters ghost can nightly be seen sittiner en the white stone on Mount Jagged where hia tracks wore lost ; there was rjlood on it, but not a trace beyond has ever been found. If you delay your departure uutil evening you will arriveaitbe tragic epolabout tbe solemn hour of midnight and may lay the restless spirit.' ' Thank you,' replied Mr. Jigs?, ' but I cannot defer leavine en looir. I have a service to hold this evening at my own church.' ' I regret to bear it,' was the demure reply ; ' your horse shall be brought up immediately after breakfast, since you must- go.' It is needless to say tbe object cf our hero was to get rid of the pardon, inhospitable though it may appear. He distrusted him and felt that he had been incited to interfere in some way in what tbe lover knew was a crisis in his life. Already he had been talking with several of the gossips of the village ; pro bably his next step would be to admonish Petrel or to warn her father. Such, in fact, was Mr. Jiggs's intention. He was well aware where Roland had been on the previous eveninp, having had a confidential talk with Miss Grantley during bis absence. He had been informed by the lady of her nephew's position and future prospects as re gards the Grantley estates anu she even had led him to believe that Roland was bound to his cousin by all the laiva of honor. Under these circumstances it was bis manifest duty to warn tbe father ot bia daughter's peril from the addresses of an immoral young ec&pe-; grace. In inciting the reverend gentleman to move in the matter Mips Grantley had been actuated by th« desire to induce Mr. Cleeve to act ; and ehe felt that the most effective way wa3 to let him believe that Roland was not only engaged to a lady in Kngland, bat that by marrying Petrel he ruined his prospects of inheriting the family estate. She was also sure the parson's zeal would lead him to hint at the immorality of ths youDg man's inten tions; which could not fail to excite the Headman's anger and suspicions. All this she had prepared herself to perform personally if no suitable emissary offered ; but when Mr. Jiggs appeared ehe was almost ready to welcome him as a divine agent sent in answer to prayer by the direct interposition of Providence. She did not tell him David Cieeve was a convict ; she determined that should not come through her except as a last resource, as Ronald would be sure to divulge it in some way to Petrel; but ehe impressed ou him tbat, if Ronald Grantley married beneath him, his ruin and that of the old family was certain, as he might be considered tbe last of his name. The parson's norse was brought round for him, and, as be rode off after an affectionate farewell to the ladies, Konald seriously warned him to beware as he passed tho ghostly stone, lor his horse would certainly shy as it, aud one tragic event waa sufficient for one locality. * ' That youth is a scoffer, ' ea id the Rev. Jere miah to himself, 'and deserves a eevere chastisement ; possibly is might bring him to see the error of his ways. The day. is yet young; I will spend an hour and advise Mr. Cleeve of the sin and danger his child incurs by associating with ho wicked a youth. I shall thus be doing my Lord's work and complying with the wishes of the estim able lady with whom I have just communed.' It will be seen that Roland's machinations, upon the success of which he was pluming himself, were an utter failure; the early departure gave Miss Grantley's emissary just tho time and opportunity to execute the mission entrusted to him. In brief, the saint had proved too clever for the sinner — by no means an exceptional case, even where the subtlety of the serpent and the guile of tbe unregenerate are both supposed to bo on the side of the eon of perdition. The Headman was sitting in his chair on the verandah, both auntie and Petrol being away on some household duties, to that Mr. Jiggs had every opportunity for an uninter rupted interview with the big man. After a few words of greeting he said — ' My time won't admit of delay, so 1 must at once enter upon the reaeorjs of my calling on you. It is a delicate subject and an unpleasant duty to perform, but my duty as a minister of the Gospel compels me to undertake even un pleasant duties when requested.' ' Speak plainly, sir : there is no need to beat about the bush with a plain man.' 'Then,' replied the parson. 'larainfortaed that young Mr. Grantley is paying his ad dresses to your daughter.' 'Well, what then?' eaid the other quickly. ' Isheafit husband for her, thinkyou V I fear be is a wild, immoral youth, and that his in tentions are not honorable.' ' By heaven, parson !' broke out the Head man, 'you need be careful when you talk thus. I have known him ever since he came to me as a boy, and I am aware of nothing he has done to merit the charge you have made.' 'At beet he is not a godly youth such as a father ought to place confidence in, and, more over, hie station ic life is different from that of your child ; I speak both as a friend aud priest, and would warn you to beware ot him. Besides, do you know of no cause why be can not, or ought not, to marry the damsel f The still mighty, though wasted frame of the Headman seemed to collapse at the words and the pain-stricken face bank into his hands. Presently he raised his head proudly. 'No, sir ; before God, I know of no reason why my daughter is not fit bo be tbe wife of the best man that walks God's earth. More than that I believe ao man is half good enough for her.' 'Well, then, I must tell yon what I coped would not be necessary. I am informed that young Grantley is engaged, in honor and duty, to a lady in England, and if he marries any one beneath him he forfeits the family estate?. Think you he is likely to do that, even though he has cast his eyes on your daughter?' ' If he is the man I have always thought htm he will offer to do it, though I would ask no such sacrifice,' was the reply. 'As to being bound to any woman in England, that I do not believe. Miss Grantley may say so — for purpoeea of her own— but he left as a child, has not been there since, and is not likely to have pledged himself while courting my girL Whatever yon may soy, parson, he ib not bad enough for that.' 'I will say no more, Mr. Cleeve. It is only a eacred sense of duty that has made me say eo much. I Bhould not be worthy of my high office -if JLmw- a. profligate _yoimg.in&a; trifle with tbe affections' of an innocent girl and did nothing to save her. Learn for your self what is eaid about them in the neighbor hood,' The Headman reared his tall form to its full height, his good-humored face aflame with passion. ' / ask the village gossips and tale-bearers aught of my Pet, as if I thought or Euspected wrong of her2 Parson,! have seen the day when I would have taken thee by the scrufi of the neck and beat of thy breeches and put thee on thy hor.°e. I can't do it noir, but thee had better get tbee gone.' Then, calming hiinBelf — ' Possibly you mean well, but others have made a tool of you and it's poor wages you will get for doing their dirty work ;' and the incensed giant tottered into the cottage, leaving the reverend gentleman to ride away, ' feeling none of that self-satisfied, pious elation with which he had approached. ' A man of Belial etill, though like Samson shorn of his strength,' he thought ; ' the vials of his wrath will assuredly be poured forth on the young man when next he goes to look with longing eyes upon the maiden.' Probably this aspect of the matter satisfied the ruffled spirit of the holy man, for he smiled complacently as he urged his steed into a faster pace, aud so fades out of our story. He has performed his part, made one happy marriage, and done bis best to mar another. It doea not fali to tbe lot of every man to do as mush ia the short space of tweuy-four hours. Chaptee XXXL— Blighted Love. The Headman had barely composed himself when he received a visit from Abol Turnetile, the young farmer whom we have heard epoken of as an admirer of PetreL The latter was now a frequent visitor to the whaling station, Fcarcely eaying a word to any one but Mr. Cleeve, and as he was a pleasant companion hia visits were heartily welcomed by the invalid. So far the father had never thought of him as a possible suitor for his daughter's hand or that became, in colonial parlance, 'to hang up hia bat.' Nor, indeed, had Petrel, or she would have been much more reserved in her manner ; as it was, she had been perfectly frank aDd at her eate. Roland never met him there, because when Turnstile was with her father sbe, knowing that ' dear old dad' had some one to amuse him, bad watched for hie coming and met him outside. Today Abel came early and very soon assonished his friend by asking in a somewhat sheepish way for his consent) and belp in his wooing. The two aspects of the same question in one day almost bewildered the big man in his w--ak slate of health. He had not yet thought out fully all the bearing of tlie subject presentedjiin such distasteful colors by Mr. Jiggs, but he instinctively felt there was much reason to fear that the views expressed by the unwelcome emissary were in the main correct. If so, here was a worthy young fellow who had no relatives to oppose or make themselves unpleasant ; or if he had, they would bf-^ de Sghted to receive such a dear girl. Then again. Petrel would not be taken from him perhaps to She uttermost ends of the earth, as Grantley was not at all unlikely to do ; in which case he might never eeb her more. ' Ah, well,' ho thought, his gentle tender heart sinking all the while, 'even that too if she wishes it. It won't be for long. My little girl must please herself.' *' Abel,1' he said, 'Petrel must ast forher ^ejl. X wui leij utri lumxy au^ uuc oua wioui^s. and when she wishes; but if you take my advice you will say nothing to her yet ; wait a while and see what turns up. It may be that she will think more kindly of you when you become better acquainted with each other.' So it was settled. The lover was not so ardent bat that he could 'bide his time.' He knew that Petrel loved Roland too well for him to have the slightest chance of win ning her unless some strong influence were brought to bear on her. It might be by the father or Grantley'd family, each, member of which was bitterly opposed to the connection, as be in common with the whole community knew. 'I can wait/' thought Abel Turnstile, 'and the proud young master may tind that the waiting horse wins. If I do I'll take fine care that the same district; does not Hold him and us. I'm too fly for that. He's a regular devil with the girls and they all appear to like him for it too, which is wore than the men do.' As for the Headman, he now felt more in clined than ever to let things drift without attempting to control them, yen Petrel should be told that if Roland married her it must be at a great sacrifice to him. Both ought also to know his own miserable history. That had been brought home to him now that he knew his daughter's lover was heir to a great estate and ancient name. When Roland was a mere struggling young colonial is seemed to him nothing but reason able that a good and beautiful girl like Petrel should marry him without any embarrassing questions being asked about her father's antecedents. There had been many such mar riages in the colonies and would be many more, in case6 where old convicts (how he winced at the word) had prospered and made a position for themselves. Bus with such a stake ab issue it was dif ferent. No man ought to forfeit his expecta tions without his eyes being opened. Sup posing the parson had loid him toe truth, this was what Roland would ignorantly do if he married Petrel, believing her to be the child of a man of unstained reputation. As he was now in fairly independent circumstances, pos sibly he would fling all these considerations aside and take her to be bis wife in defiance of them all. At any rate there is no other course for me ; Roland must be told the whole truth. Petrel, too, will never forgive me if there is any con cealment and Grantloy were to marry her under a misconception. I nhall tell ber tbe whole history and then she shall be judge as to what oo;;ht to be done. That ehe would set her lover free he felt very certain ; but would he accept that freedom, forgetting that he owed both life and honor to her devotion? In his own great, generous heart, the Head man tbougbt this must be impossible. The boy he had cared for and loved as inucU as if he had been his own son would maintain that no sacrifice was too great to make for such a prize to take to his heart and home. Is it not always bo in actual life? We judge others by our own standard, which may be too high or too low for their deserts. *' Pet, dear,' said the Headman, ' I want to have a leng talk with you; come and sit down beside me. Parson Jiggs has been here speaking about you and Roland, and the up shot of it all is that you must be told who your father is and how I came out to Aus tralia. Come Clowe, dear, and I will tell you tbe whole story as quickly as I can and have done with ic. 'You know that I am the son of a tenant farmer in Staffordshire, and that there were two of us, my brother John and myself. JB'ather and mother died when we were biggish boys. Being steady fellows we carried on the farm and were doing very well. The family of the Cleeves had always borne the highest character, and tbe landlord had received his rent to tbe day for years past and was quite satisfied wish the way we cultivated his land. I was nearly twenty-one when I first met your mother, Ruth Barnton, the prettiest girl in the village. She was courted by a gamekeeper named Esau Box, but though be was very determined the threw him over and accepted me. For this he bwote to be revenged, and an opportunity soon offered of gratifying his spite. Poaching had been very prevalent, and it was decided to put it dowu by making an example of the first man caught. Cue evening I was walking along a lane near the village, which divided two large estates, when I came upon a wounded hare being worried by a dog. It was nearly dead, and to save it from the brute 1 picked it up and carried it with me, intending to leave it at a keeper's cottage a little further on. I had not got far when Esau Box and two policemen pounced upon me from behind a hedge and charged me with poaching. At first it was no usetny telling them bow I had found the hare and that I was going to deliver it at the keeper's cottage. They laughed and said, 'Tell that to the horse marines,' but after a while I believe they would have let me go but for Esau. One of the policemen bad seen the dog chase something and heard it barking, and there were the teeth-marks on tbe dead animal. Then Box put hia hand on me aud swore that, it they would not take me he would, and lac; rco too. I could not stand that, and knocked him down senseless. For a while we thought he was dead and a cart had to be got to carry him home. Of course they stuck to me now and I was locked up. Tbe trial came on and I was sentenced to transportation for life. That, dear, is how your father became a convict.' The last words were uttered in a whisper. ' My poor, dear dad !' and her arms took his bowed head and clasped it to her, as she wept and sobbed over him. '* In Van Diemen's Land, I was after a time assigned to a Mr. Grote, who was very good and kiud, and when a ticket-of-leave was granted he helped me to start fishing and I soon made a little money. Brother John had married and now came out bringing his wife and your mother. God blees him for it ! She and I were made man and wife and all went on well for two years. We thee bought a schooner and combined trading with fishing. . On one of these trips you were born in a terrible storm, which is tbe reason we called you Petrel. Several lives were lost, and it was a mercy the vessel did not go down. Your poor mother never recovered the effects of the exposure at such a time and died a few weeks later, leaving me wishing I could die too.' 'Then I went whaling, and after some years came here as Headman. John had died shortly before, so auntie came with me to look after you. That is all, Pet. Can you love your old father as much as ever ?' ' More, dear old dad,' and the girl smiled in his worn face, though her eyes wece tilled with tears ; ' I love you more than ever for all your goodness and all your wrongs. Oh, what yon most have suffered and-eo-unjoBtly, too!? -. There was a pause. 'What became of Esau Box ?' ' He was made alderman of the village when it grew into a town, and died in his bed twelve months aero honored by all,' was the answer through his set teeth. ' Oh, dad, and was he never punished ?' 'Xever; I could have died bappy years since if I could have had five minutes with him acd none to part us.:- The girl looked at him with her head erect and her blue eyes flashing with pride aud ad miration. It was thus thati women in the old days encouraged herons when the old law ' an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth' still prevailed. 'Must Roland be told?' she presently asked with a blanched, enquiring face, like one who had not yet realised what it all mean?. ** For your eake I will even give him up, and then this horrid Becret need never be known,' and she burst into a passion of teara. *' No, I'et, he must be told, though I expect that his aunt has taken care that he has already been informed, and then you and he muse de cide for yourselves what is to be done.' Then be acquainted her with Abel Turn stile's suit as a thing that she ought to know ; but seeing the pained look in the fac« he idolised, he added, ' Don't let it trouble you, Pet ; if you like I will tell him there is no hope for him.' 'Tell him never to say a word about it to me,' sbe cried with such distress that the in dulgent father promised anything to soothe her. Unfortunate Petrel! With a heavy heart she met ber lover that night at the trysting place. There was a restraint upon him, too, for he had determined to tell her all, and learn if there was any denial of his aunt's charge that David Cleeve waa a convict. But as he looked in her face, pale and more lovely than ever in the moonlight, and felt her arms dinging to him, his heart failed. So in silence they stayed for a while, and then she spoke — ' Roland, Mr. Jiggs came to father today and told him something about you. Some thing that I ought to know, for he Bays it may part us,' and she clung the closer, her head resting on hie breast. Bending over her he whispered, ' The part ing, darling, will depend on you,' and then he told her all— the conditions on which the great estate wouid be his, and that but for the in delible stain upon her father's name he would marry her aud trust to ner beauty and good ness to plead their cause with his uncle. At these words she drew herself from his arms and stood alone silent and motionless, with a look ot dismay and reproach in her eyes which was bound to haunt him to hia latest hour. 'Is the tale about your father true?' he asked, putting out his arm to clasp her again, Dut she recoiled from him. ' That he suffered wrongfully ? — yes.' ' Ah, Petrel, but the odium attaches all the same,' he eaid sorrowfully. ' I am sure he was not guilty, but we can never prove it after all these long years, and if we could my uncle would never forget or forgive what has been ; he is so proud of his old family and name.' She sank weeping on the stone seat as if un conscious of his presence, but when he touched ber ehe looked up. ' You here still? Why are you not gone?' ' I cannot leave you,' he said ; ' I love you. O, Petrel, forgive me if my pride cannot for get what your father has beeD. I could never endure the taunts and gibes I should meet. I cannot throw off all the teaching and training of my childhood like an old garment. 1 am not noble enough so sacrifice eo much. But will you not be mine without that hate ful tie which those who love each other as we do need not to bind them together for ever?' He had taken her again in his arms and passionately pleaded in eloquent burning words, while she clung to him like one taking a long and last farewell. Still he urged her, hi? soul on fire at tbe sight of her beauty, and believing her silence implied consent. How it was he knew not. but she slipped from his encir cling embrace, and he was alone. He could yet leel her kiss upon bis lips, how then cculd he guess that it was the last caress save one he would ever receive from the woman who loved him more than all the world? To morrow night he would surely eee her come again to whisper that she loved him too deeply to let him go ; yet he lingered as the epot where she bad been but a moment ago, almost believing that she would even then return. How lovely she was, worth all the wealth and rank of the old world ! If she came back, now he would sue for forgiveness and abandon all for her sweet eake. Should he follow her to the cottage and boldly, bravely, like an honorable gentleman, claim her as his bride? The generous impnlse was on him ; why did his pride prevail and turn aside his advancing steps 'i No ; let her come to him and be would be satisfied and lay all at her feet ; and so Roland Grantley flung his happiness away. It was a night of mourning. All through the long hours Petrel sighed and wept over her ruined hopes and blighted love, not for heiself only but for him. once her idol, her king among men, whom she bad thought endowed with auch noble attributes. How had he fallen — down — down to the common level of ordin-ry mortals, and yet her heart pleaded for him. If he came atrain, could she resist ? No, ehe must end it as her father desired. The Headman was early astir, and with wistful eyes wa3 gazing over the sea that he would n6ver more traverse when his daughter joined him, her pale face sad but composed, as that of one who has watched and prayed all night over the beloved dead whom she Ehall see no more. ' Dad,' she said, ' I will marry Abel Turn stile at once, but he must; take me away for a time.' ' My poor Pet,' replied the father as he kisaed her, ' God bless you !' Nothing more was said, but each felt that tbe other knew that all was over between Roland Grantley acd Petrel Cleeve. Chapter XXXIL— Roland Loves and Rides Away. Roland Grantley lay abed rather later than usual with his window open to admit the morning air coming in fresh and pure from the sea. He had been out late waiting at the trysting-place for Petrel in the vain hope than sbe would meet him. Refusing to believe that she could give him up, and therefore ready to assign her absence to any other cause, tie had been devoured with impatience and a tumult of conflicting feelings, and when compelled to leave the spot by the utter hopelessness of her appearing he was in a fit condition for any desperate deed. All had long gone to rest when he reached home, but that was no un usual thing of late, and without disturbing an3rone ht- went to his room and tossed to any fro, unable to satisfy himself why Petrel had not come to meet him. Even if the Headman were ill she surely might have come for a moment to eay so. Could ehe be ill herself ? No, he had seen her shadow on the window blind. There was some other cause which ho niiiHt fathom. Daylitrht broke with this purpose still occu pying his mind. 'V os, he would find it all out to- day, even if he went to the house and con fronted the Headman, which, since he had de termined to induce Petrel to elope, he had ubrunk from doing. He feared a scene and from the coldness of his reception on his last visit it was evident that both the old people distrusted him. No matter, get to the bottom of the mystery he must, if he bearded all tbe guardians ever appointed by the Providence that watches over maiden innocence. He would circumvent them yet; Petrel should be his by fair means or foul. She could not resist him provided he ouly had the oppor tunity to press hiB suit. Shu loved him far too well tor that. Ah ! a sudden light broke upon him — that was it !— knowing, fearing his in fluence and power over her she was keeping away from him, and the otbt-rs were helping her. By HeaveD, be would eee her in spite ol herself, and win her, too. 'Joan,' his aunt's voice came in loud tones through the open window, and instinctively he felt ic was for a purpose (in fact MissGraatley never acted without a motive) — 'have you heard tbe latest item of localintelligence-that is popularly supposed to interest -us poor women creatures most ? Petrel Cleeve 'is to be married to-morrow.' ' To whom ?' came the reply in a suppressed tone, for Joan at once thought of her brother. 'No other than Abel Turnstile, who has been courting ber lately. I told you how it would be, my dear.' With an imprecation that would have lifted Miss Grantley's false hair off had she heard it Roland sprang up. Tbs problem was solved without any trouble on his part. Some kind of intuitive perception told him, incredible as it might appear, that the report was true. Was he to be baffled thus and that thick headed clod to snatch the prize he had always looked upon as his own ? ' By God, if so it shall be soiled,' he swore. ' Can she, loving one man, as she undeniably does, marry another ? Why, damnation, it is worse than prostitution ; the vilest trafficker it; to the deepest) hell with pure women if they can do such things and justify them.' Should he snatch her from them now by marrying her? That, at least, was in his power. No, he would take a deep revenge ; he would bear her away when she was a wife — not at the church door quite, but a little later. He would only require a few moments with her alone, and that could be arranged by some subterfuge put in practice to get the new fledged bridegroom out of the way. Tbe man was indomitable in ' his purpose and there was a strong ally striving constantly for him in the heart of the girl, who shrank from the course ehe was oommicted to, scarcely daring to hope that at the last moment there might be some means of escape. ' I will see her to-night and win her from them yet,' he muttered to himself. But night came and went without his being able to meet her. Then his pride came to his aid. 'She could come tome if she wished,' be thought. 'She must have heard my signals, and, however watched, might have seized some opportunity. If our positions could be re jvened I would have gone to her through fire Wad water. It is all over now ; she will be turned dto-day.- -So be it! My beloved aunt has won, and will probably at tribute it all to a further manifestation of the divine interposition of Providence in shaping events to suit the projects of the scheming members of the bouse of Grantley. Say, rather, that it is an exemplification of the devilry that can be wrought by an intriguing unscrupulous old woman in prosecution of her own selfish interest'. But, aunt of mine, if I ever become the lord of Grautley Hall there shall be no warm nook, no share in tbe pplendor of the position for you nor safe pro vision for your old age either. I dare swear, though, you have already made that secure with Sir Archibald beyond n?y power to alter.' That evening he could not keep away from the old trysting-place. He went to see if Petrel had left auy sign by which he would know that ehe had been there or would come. There was nothing, but by the lights and moving forms in the cottage it was evident that thf marriage festivities were gome on. With a deep curse he turned to leave when a girlish figure appeared iu the darkness — not Petrel, he kuew that at a glance. There was no other who possessed her light, graceful, fairy-like form, or the gliding, noiselefcs step urith whirth Iih had seen her so of ten hasten to meet him. 'What is it?' he asked, 'you have some message !' Is was the ring returned to him that he had given ber long ago. Ue took it, to toss into tbe sea, but checked himself. It was a memento of her that be might value yet. 'Go,' he said to the girl, 'and brinp her here, if but for a moment. Tell her I will see her to-night — she may chose how J' Would she come? Yes ! There was no mistaking the woman he would ever love with the burning passion that is now consuming him. He is at her side, gazing with flashing eyes into her tearles?, hopeless face. Ah ! how changed since last they met ! ' How has all this come about) ?' he fiercely asked. 'Oh, I know not,' she anewered wearily, 'don't ask me.' ' Why did you leave me ? How could you have the heart to do it ?' ' I hoped to the lass that you would claim me, even at the church door,' she eaid in the same weary tone. ' Come now ! now !' he cried vehemently. 'Too late! Too late! I am a wife ! Fare well.' He snatched her to him. 'My darling, come! Come ; I love you.' There was a noise of opening doors at the cottage and loud voices were heard. 'They are coming,' she said. 'Let me go!' X Latt! U\JU* X Will. UUU ICU JWU £-Ua J- WU are mine.' 'Too late !' she replied despairingly. ' For my sake, let me go.' His arms fell fiom her and he stood alone ; ah ! never before go much alone, not even when on the Ninety- Mile Beach a desolate boy he fled for his life. Henceforth a solitary man, to fight life's battles carrying with him a load of vain regrets apd remorse. No, not yet ! The indomitable spirit of the man sternly refused to acknowledge defeat. He would go to Abel Turnstile's house and wait there concealed ; there might still be a chance of seeing her alone and bearing her away. He thoughc not, recked not of the con sequences to her. If she would go he would take her. The Star and his other best horse were ready and they could be miles away before pursuit was organised. Furious with anger and impatience he waited long hours. '?I will give her every opportunity,' he thought, as hour succeeded hour ; but they cauieuoc. At last he mounted his horse and returned to the Fishery. All was in dark ness. It was evident that the guests had dis persed ; but what of the wedded pair ? He ground his teeth as be realised that once more he had been outwitted. 'Perhaps it is as well so,' he muttered grimly, 'for if we two met now Abel Turn stile, if there is any manhood in you, there would be murder done. Come up, old Star ; you have boine a part in a crisis of my life before now ; but never such a devil's dieh as this. Oh for tbe old days when a man might follow and fight to right or revenge bis owo wrong.' In the morning he learned that, almost direcbly after he had seen her, Petrel was taken by her husband to a friend's house some miles on the road to Adelaide, and that they were on their way to another colony. Why could you not have tola me tnis last night?' he asked the girl, the same who had eerved as Petrel's messenger. ' I would have been for ever grateful.' ' In was all arranged before, but I did not know it until they found out you had seen her, and you were gone then. Besides, they bcolded me eo aud never let me out of their sight),' and she began to cry. ' Indeed, sir, I would have done more it I could.'1 'Thank you,' and he shook her hand, ' don'p cry ; it is better as it is — you know ' marriages are made in heaven' — or — helL' Stern and self-possessed, be occupied the next day in business connected with bis pro perty and then took his departure for the Ta tiara, never by word or lock having indi cated to Miss Grantley that he was aware of the part taken by her, through Mr. Jiggs, in shaping the events of the last) lew days. As he rode off — ' There goes the future baronet, Sir Roland Grantley of Grantley Hall,' Bhe exclaimed complacently to Joan. 'It is to be hoped that) when he taked possession of his hotwrs and estates be will be actuated by kiniSf feelings towards her to whom he owes them. Still. I don't love him the less ; he is a masterful young fellow capable of feeling a great passion and of doing great things. He will never forget his lost love ; but that does not matter if he marries Sir Archibald's daughter and leaves Heirs to the family estate.' 'Poor Roily, I am dreadfully sorry for him, going away so wretched,' said Joan. ' Pooh ! pooh ! my dear. His going means Floss Gifford coming — the discarded lover gone — the ardent wooer present. In must) be acknowledged that our sex plays strange pranks with tbe lords of creation. I have often wished to be a man, but since yesterday I think I am glad I am a woman.' From which it may be inferred that Miss Grautley congratulated herself on the trium phant consummation of her resolution to pre vent Arh:it: fthn fAlltvl h«r nemhutfr mAtintr a fool of himself by marrying that 'pretty young person.' 'If I had only succeeded in parting the silly things,'' she subsequently explained to Joan, 'it would nob have been half so eatitl actor y, because I should have always feared something bringing them to gether Again. Men are such foolish creatures where a pretty face is concerned, and I must allow that girl is remarkably good-looking; but she is married now, ray dear, and in this ca-ce really done for. Thank goodness, the episode is finally closed, and I may look upon it as though it had never been. It was a danger — an imminent pressing dancer — to the Grantley house and line. I should not wonder now if 1 succeed in inducing Roland to return borne to press his suit with his cousin, just to show ' tbn pretty young person' that he ia not inconsolable. That is just what one of our sex would do. Of course men are dilferent, and not infrequently wear the willow until quite old age. I can only hope my nephew will recognise his duty to the family, even if be is not to be swayed by the considerations that would actuate us women.' Joan in her heart did not at all agree with these, as she thought, disparaging observa tions respecting the constancy of ber sex to even a lost idoL She thought if Floss could marry some one else she would never, never love another, and without doing that could she bring herself to become a wife? Obviously not, and the girl who conld do so was a ' nasty thing.' Now Joan had never thought Petrel a 'nasty thing ;' indeed, though ber aunt had taken care that tbe two girls saw little of each other, yet they occasionally had met, and the young English lady thought tbe Headman's daughter the loveliest girl the had ever seen and one of the best into the bargain. At one time she had been ready to help ber brother to win her for bis bride and to take her to her heart as a sister, but Roland had nipped ber approaches in the bud. He would not discuss bis love affair with any one, much less with oDe of bis own family. What could poor Joan do then but let things take their course? But when Petrel flung over her brother and married that common place farmer in preference she could not un derstand it. That such an innately refined girl should take the poor farmer and reject the born gentleman, the man she loved, as every one believed, waa passing strange, and Joan had to give it up as inscrutable. Then there were pleaeanter things to think about — the arrival of that paragon of men, Mr. Floss Gifford, for example, to look forward to. She could not discuss this with her aunt ; in spite of the lead -over that usually austere lady bad given her on Roland's departure, things were not advanced enough between them for her to be taken into confidence yet ; but when sbe met Maria and James Enfield there was much pleasing badinage. Sbe pretended, of course in the proper maidenly manner, that it annoyed ber, but she could not prevent a tell-tale color coming into her faoe. On several occasions she found imperative reasons why ehe should visit tbe Creek to see dear Maria, and when there was very particular to ask if anything had been heard of Roland. When three weeks had elapsed another visit became absolutely necessary. Sbe had that; day received a brief note from her brother, saying that he bad safely arrived at the TatUra, so her anxiety could not be on hi» account. As ehe rode up Enfield met her at the gate to take her horse. 'Such a bother,' said he. 'Gifford has found it absolutely necessary to leave the station, and is not expected back for several weeks, perhaps months.' ' Then he won't be able to vieit you for a lone time,' replied Joan, with a brave attempt to prevent ber face from flaming. 'Who Baid he wouldn't,' answered be with affected surprise. 'Why, that is just the reason he was so anxious to start, almost before Roland had time to take off his boots. Never was a fellow in such a hurry. I believe there's a girl in the case; perhaps halfa dozen,' he added mischievously. But Joan was gone quite in a hurry to in form Maria that her husband was a wretch. After bearing how she had been caught her sister consoled her with the intelligence that Mr. Gifford might be expected in two days. ' I will ride over to see aunt when he arrives,' she said, 'and arrange for you pay ing the promised visit to ub. I dare say he will offer ;to escort me, as Jem already com plains that honeymooning has thrown his work behind and will be glad to relegate that duty to him. They soon tire of u«, my dear, and fly off to the all-absorbing uheep and cattle.''' The young lady did not reply to a conclusion so uncomplimentary to the male sex, but Ehe no doubt felt quite confident that her future husband would never neglect) her society for the four-footed animals that have sprung from Noah's stud. Shortly after this ehe departed for home with the pleasing reflection that another three or four days would bring her king of men to woo ber. Of that sb« felt very gure, though never a word of love bad passed between them. Then she made up her mind to be very reserved and not to show him a bit tbe Btate of her feelings of which she was so conscious. He must not think she was too easily won. Absorbed in these and other pleasant reflections Bhe was quite surprised to find her borse rubbing his nose against the Talkie gates almost before she had well started, as she had thought. Chapter XXXIII. —A Bush Mystery. The next three di»ys did nob appear the shortest in Miss Joan Grantley's experience but they were ab length drawing to a close when two figures were seen approaching at a rapid pace. One was Mrs. l^nfield, of thab there could be no doubt ; and there vi a even less, if that were possible, that the other was Floss Gifford, or why did her heart beat so? Of course she was delighted to see her sister, but considering they had met little more than two dayB eince, surely her arrival could not account! tor the warm, even effusive welcome and that tell-tale ruah of color to her cheek. At any rate, Sister Maria was soon handed over to Aunt Arabella's care, and Mr. Gifford had to answer a variety of questions respecting Roland. xuen tne plants naa to ue examined in tne garden, though it is problematical whether Floss saw them, as he seemed to be paying more attention to bis companion's pretty flushed face — in which he showed very good taste, for where in all Nature's vast variety of floral beauty is there one specimen to compare with fair maidenhood in the unconscious glory of her first love ? 'Now, Mr. Gifford, unless my husband is to become utterly distracted uuder the im pression that you have run away with me or that eome serious calamity has happened, we really must go. Aunt says, Joan, thab you can come to stay with us for a week or a fort night. I daresay Jem or someone will ride over and fetch you in a few days.' Floss looked as if he thought a more private farewell would have been the proper thing, but tbe inexorable young matron bore him off without any opportunity for this being afforded. ' A nice gentlemanly young man,' observed Miss Grantley ; 'he comes of a good family. With the exception of Roland, I don't know any one with a more aristocratic manner.' Which were high words of commendation from her and rightly understood by the young lady to mean tbat she was quite ready to receive him as a nephew. The following day Enfield appeared about some businef-a connected with the Talkie pro perty and the indefatigable suitor accompanied him. On this ocoasion he devoted himself to the lady of the house in a most exemplary manner, probably incited thereto by the dis creet Maria— a young woman wise in her day and generation in all pertaining to the arb of wheedling guardians. Miss Grantley was more prepossessed than ever. Mr. Gifford was now pronounced to be a gentleman of exceptionally good manner and address, 'as she bad always declared.' ' Nothing to foar in that quarter, Floss,' said Enfield, as they rode home, alluding to their late hostess. ' Now for a spin along the beach, or we shall be late for dinner ; acd, though you mayn't think it now, wives, when they get us alone, can flare up if we are not in rmnp.t.iiAllv t.n meals ' Gifford knew this must be a playful libel, if, indeed, his friend meant anything at all by it. Where yet was there a bachelor deeply in love and with tbe first mazy threads which precede matrimony around him, who ever believed that his idol would cease to smile upon him ? The following morning he rode down to Talkie and brought) back the fair Joan in the evening, and after that the two were of no wanner of use to anybody. They merely walked or rode to all the pretty places in the neighborhood, as tbe way of lovers is, and were quite content. One afternoon a mes senger came from Talkie to Eay tbat wild dogs had rushed a flock of eheep out of the yard during tbe previous night, and would Mr. Enfield ^come and attend to the matter at once ? ' I cannob go,' said that gentleman : ' there ia a lot of drafting to be done here. Two flocks have got boxed by the confounded care lessness of the fools of shepherds.' ' I'll ride over to-night,' said Floss, 'so as to be ready in the morning to hunt up the lest j urn bucks. I told Roland I would help you to look after the place.' So ib was Eettled and a horse was kept in the stable for his use immediately after the usual evening stroll with Joan. That night the four happy young people eat late over their dinner ; then the men talked in the verandah while smoking their pipes about the next day's pro ceedings. ' I don't Euppose I shall have much trouble about that flock,' eaid Floss; 'you say the shepherd is a good man.' 'So he is, and very likely he has got them all together again ; but if not you may have a job — the dingoes are worse than I ever knew them.' 'Well, good-nipht, old fellow; I shall not come in again.' Then he paessd through the house with a cherry farewell to Maria. Joan was in her room — had, indeed, been reading ber prayerbook (was ib the marriage service?) — and on bearing her lover's voice mechanically put it in her pocket. As Ehe was pasneng out after him her sister said — 'As I am tired, Joan, we shall soon be going to bed, so 1 11 say good-night now, and the bisters kissed for the last time. Joan followed her iover out through the gar den gate a few yards away. Maria watched them with a pleased, smiling glance. ' He will propose tonight,' ehe thought, ' and to-morrow Jo will have such a tale to tell me about the dear fellow and how happy she is.' ' Now, Maria, come to bed.' called her hus band ; 'I've got to be up at daylight to draft the sheep those confounded dunderheads boxed to-day.' 'They will be engaged to-night,' she answered as the closed tbe door, ' and I hope he will make her as happy as you have made me.' ' If you don't make haste and get into bed,' a smothered voice from under tbe blankets re plied, ' it will bo easy to do that.' 'There ehe comes in,' replied the wife, ignoring the implied threat, and hearing the door open and shut, ' I have a good mind to go oat aud atk ber all about it.' ' If you do I'll lock you out for the night ; do you suppose I can live without any sleep?' At the mere mention of such a direful threat as even a temporary suspension of conjugal rights tbe young matron crept meekly in beside ber lord and there we leave her. During the night there was a heavy fall of rain and the morning broke dark and cloudy. 'Pleasant sort of occupation handling wet sheep a morning like this,' grumbled Enfield, as he looked ruefully out of the window in the direction of the drafting yards, where his operations were to be carried on and which were situated about three hundred paces away from tbe house. ' However, here come the flocks, so I must make haste and get ready.' Presently he appeared equipped for work. 'Holloa!' he shouted to a shepherd just comincr out of the kitchen, a building inside the enclosing fence but a little detached from the house, ''are you going to pub the sheep in the garden instead of in the yards '(' The man shouted to his dog ' Baldy,' and in a moment the flock swuDg round tbe fence with a rush, almost forcing in the front gate, and then away in a dense mass out towards the scrub, whence they had to be brought back. ' Lucky the brutes did not smash all before them aud trample down tbe few flowers we are possessed of,' said Enfield, 'or both Maria and Jo would be in a pretty wax. As it is they have made the whole place a puddle.' After this tbe jurnbuoks were on their best behavior and ran through the race as if each individual were already tired of the neighbor he or she bad been so eager to join tbe day previous and meant to be rid of him or her with the utmost dispatch. Then they were counted out and pronounced 'all right !' 'There you are, men,' exclaimed the owner as one flock was nearly out of sight in one direction, while tbe other moved olf past the house in another. /* I hope you won't get in the same mess in £ hurry. It's drawing too near shearing to have much of this dirty yard work if fleaceB are to be fairly clean.' With which observation he bethought him self of breakfast and turned towards tbe house. 'Grilled mutton chops for three with buttered toast and flaming hot coffee. I'm ready if they are. Why, what's the matter with the wife?' He might well ask, for with terror in her face she met htm, crying distractedly ? 'Oh, Jem, I can't tind Jo anywhere, and she has not Blept in bed. What can have han penedtoher?; r A hurried visit to Joan's room at once con vinced Enfield that she had not Blept there or been in it since sh» went out the evening belore with her lover. The servant had neither heard ber go out nor return— indeed, had not seen her eince clearing away the dinner things and carrying them to the kitchen. Bat some con' siderable time afterwards as she stood in tha doorway she had heard Mr. Gilford's horse as he rode rapidly away. ' The first thing,' said Enfield, ' is to see Floss ; he appears to be tho last person who has seen her. I will start for Talkie at onceJ' ' Oh, Jem, you don't think she can have * gone olf with him ?' whispered Maria. ' I don't want to say or think anything, my dear ; I only go to him now because he was, so far as we know, the last to see her. While I get my horse look carefully if she has left a letter or if any clothing has gone more than she wore when ehe went out.' While preparing for this ride his wife once more searched every place where a note was likely to be found, but with no result. The clothes, too, of tbe missing girl wer.i all in their places, except those she had on when she kissed her sister and said good-night. ' She never went away of her own will what ever has happened,' cried Maria, 'or ehe would not havu bidden me good-night as Bhe d'd-' '? And we heard her come in, be answered ; ' you did not hear her go out again, did you '.'' ' No, bub I soon went off to sleep and did not wake till morning when you got up.' 'Yes, and 1 was just as creat) a sleepy head,' he replied. ' Perhaps she has gone out for a walk aud will return present^- laughing at us for making a fuss about nothincr.' ' But she never weut to bed, dear !' ' I had forgotten thab,' he answered sorrow fully. ' Well, it's no Ube conjecturing all sorts of things ; I will be off, and shall hope to find her here when I get back very sorry for having given us such a fright.' 'Ob, Jem, that is a vain hope; I am sure eomethicg dreadful has occurred,'' Bobbed poor Maria. 'Don't iump ab conclusious ; we shall -find \ her all right, I have no doubb.' Then he waa gone at a pace that would soon bring him to Talkie. As he dashed on a dark foreboding crossed his mind that an awful mystery was being en acted. What if his friend, urged on by an uncontrollable, overmastering passion as men have been, bad committed a crime, and then, to cover that, in hia frenzy had added murder^ Such deeds are recorded of many considered by those who knew them best as utterly in capable of evil. If so, he would exact a deep revenge. Then came a revulsion of feeling, a loyalty to the man he had known and trusted so long. No. he could depend upon the honor of Floss Gilford though all the world condemned him. He would soon know ; he would ride straight up to Talkie and walk into the house as if he expected to meet Joan in quite the ordinary way. Bat these plans were upset by meeting the man he sought at the gate of the paddock, and the first glance ab tbe happy face dispelled the lasb trace of doubb and suspicion. ' Hulloa, Jem ! have you ridden over to congratulate mo ? Joan said she would tell Maria the first thing in tbe morning, if no op portunity offered last nigbt.' ' Then Joan is not here ?' said the other. 'Here!' almost shouted Gifford. 'How can she be bera when she is at the Creek? Whab are you dreaming about ?' ' Flos?,' said his friend, ' we cannot find Joan. She did not sleep in her bed last night and no one has seen her since she went out with you.' Tbe other gazed at him with wild eyes and a dazed expression. 'I don't understand,' he muttered. 'Where else could sbe sleep ? I left her ab the gate.' 'Thank God for that,' murmured Enfield. ' And you have never seen her since ?' ' Never. How could I ? I rode straight on here.' ' Well, Floss, we must go back and find her. Perhaps it will be best nob to tell Miss Grantley yet; but I must call at the police station aud inform them.''' The sergeant when told of the circum stances looked grave. ' 1 wilJ follow you immediately,' he said, ' with two black trackers. There are a num ber of the natives camped at the Nob. I'll tell them as I pass to come after me and search.' Impatient to be off and doing the two friends scarcely listened to these details before leaving him. 'I can't make it out,' said Floss. 'I asked her if she loved me almost directly we left the garden, and Bhe eeemed so happy — , , t ill is^jji? ? il ? e ^ i ana sne was coo, no auueu uenantiy, as it cue other were contradicting him. ' You must be mistaken ; we shall find her laughing at us for being bo eilly ^when we arrive. Maybe Bhe will be annoyed at Ihe police being told, be cause the news will fly all over the district.' 'I trust you are right,' answered Enfield as they reached his house.- A look in his wife's face was enough ; he knew she had good tidings. Floss grasped her hand. ' I aeked her to be my wife,' he said brokenly, ' and she seemed so glad, and pro mised sbe would as soon as I liked and things could be arranged.' (To be continued.) 1 