The Turf. Ur Tjii:. To-day the A.J.U, Spring carnival opon at itnmlwick, una, woathor per mitting, oxcollont racing may be ox- pnetod, Tbo principal ovonte to-day aro tbo Dorbv. tbo Kuaora Handicap, and tho Spring Stakos. For tho Derby a larger Hold than usual may bo oxpoctod, but I think throo horses will tight out tho contest. If tho track is hard Cobbity will tako alot ot bout- lug as bo is tho best conditioned horso in tbo raco, nlthoiigh not a weight carrier in comparison with Bonnie Scotland and sorno of tho otbors. Tbo lattor colt is scnrcoly cborry ripe, and Nobloman's cold has thrown him back so much that thoro is no cortainty that tho son of tho Australian Poor . will start. It tho going in hard and Nobloman or lionnio Scotland boat Cobbity to-day, tbon I tako thorn to bn exceptionally good throo years old, and it is passibio that ono of tlioso may shako tho Molbottruo Cup. Howovor tho woathor is doubtful, and tho going may bo so heavy as to discount Cobbity's ohanco, and thoro- foro I will placo thom thus Nour/emav l, Coiiiirrv 2, Boxnik Scotland 3. Tho iipsom xxanutcap is a uimcutc raco to pick, inasmuch as it is very jiard to say which will start, but I liko Brockloign, Bungobah, Eureka, Tho Captain, Acmona, and Uabba, and to ?laco thom I would say Tna Oactaix , Bukokiiaii 2, and Euiioka 3, with Donizetti to upset tho pot, Tho Bpring Btakos ought to provo a splouaid contest, thoro boing a largo field. I liko thom thus, Limit Aiitim.biiv l, The Jeweu.kii 2, Patiiox 3, Tho Trial Stakes ought to go to Isaac if ho is sont, aud noxt tb im I liko Kino Ojihy, and Honda. It is about timo tho last namod won a raco. On Tuesday tho Metropolitan will bo run and will bo suro to draw a largo Hold so that I will not go into details, but tho host half-dozen to my fancy aro Tho Trior, Projootilo, Lady Tronton, Oxido, Tho Posniblo, Florrio, but to placo thom I should name thom as follows :—Tiik Tiiieu 1, Lady Tukxton 2, Oxide 3, with T ewelleu to upsot thom, Tho Spring Maiden Stakes should attract attention and a good raco inav bo oxpoctod in tho absoncc of Tuo Posniblo who will probably start for tho Metropolitan Stakes. I liko Honda for aftor his second to Olonlotb in' tho Molbourne Cup as athroo- yoar-old ho would have no diflloultv, if in tbo humor, in boat ing tiiis flold which is a vory moderate , ono, so I will placo thom as follows : — 1,'onda 1, BLAtCNKY«TONE 2, Ol/AllKB's fly xc 3, For tho Oak Stakos I will nlack-i AciiBNAto win with 8. Hordon's fllacti'in, and Heoina as tho noxt host. On t.V> third day (Thursday) the principal ovont will uo tho Oravon Plato AiT A® Aroo yoars old, and ouch cracks asMarvol, Light Artillery, Patron, Jou'dfor, Oxido, Loyolty, Pilot Boy, lns. &c.;, aro in it. Somohow or oth orl fancy a horso that has not yot run » w.f.a. racos will play a prominontp.vt -nnmoly, Isaao. It doponds on tho result of tho Derby which of tho throo yoars old. will run, but if Nobloman or Artillery win tho lattor and start for tho Cravon Plato, thoy will bo hard to beat. Howovor, as- Burning thatthoy will go fortboBionnial instead, I fanqy tho order thus.- IsAj 1, Patuon 2, Limit Ajitilleuy 3. If tho hemes that I oxpoct to ho placed in tho norny run in tuo xnonmui result may bo thus: Coddity 1, Now, eiian 2, Bonnie Scotland 3. Tho shorter distanco will suit Cobbity. Tho Warwick Turf Club havo fixed thoir Spring Mooting for tho 17th and lHth of Octobor noxt, whon a vory good prograinmo will bo run for. On tho first day will bo thoOponing Han dicap £20, Soiling llaco #15, Spring Handicap £-10, Juvoniio Stakos £25, Publicans' Purso £20, Shorts Hanili- c(lo £20, On tho second day will bo tho polling Hacfl £10, Mombors' Haco £15, Warwick Turf Club Handicap £00, Olifiiaman's llaco, Flying Handi cap £20, Fofcod Handicap £ 1 0. Tho well-known racoborso Corsican (Marvollous (imp.)— Catborrao Whool) who lias boon for . soino limo post lo cated at Mr. -T. Finnio's slablos, Dray ton, lias boon loasod by Mr-O- G»- bort, at Trontham Farm, UcJtuon, wtinro tlin bandsomo black will stand tho soason ot a vory reasonable fo a ot | i two guinoas a maro. Corsican is a valuablo addition to our local list of / atollions, and as far as appearances go should mako a namo for himself at tho stud. Aa o performor ho was a good ono, both In Now South Walos and Quoonslond. At Chortors Towers 'd Townsvillo ho achieved many , -victor108, carrying as much as lOst., » and alfc? lowering tho colours of such th"«.V<w 5«W0i Harvostor, Gildus, owQuootllUndor Megaphone ,«bol4-Sw#4) put Up auction at a rocont sale of stallions in Victoria, and was knocked down to Mr. Ross, a Now Zoaland sportsman, at tbo vory low figure of £200. Mega- phono's porformancos nood no com- mont, as bis victories aro too froBh in tho.minds of racing folk. Ho ran 42 rnco9, winning 19, ran socond in 10, third onco, and was unplacod 12 timos. Ho ran a milo and a-half in Jmin. 35.Jscc., was socond to Carbine in a milo and a quarter in 2min. 7sqc., both record timos. Mr. Ross must fool plonsod nt Boouring such a per formor at tho low figuro mentioned ahovo. Mogaphono's stablo mato Montor (Swivollor — Nightraaro) was also lot go at a miserable figuro for «o young asiro andMelbourno Cup win- nor. Ho was sold for £500, and stands tho season in the Murrumbidgco dis trict, Now South Wales. Tho Bangalore Cup (India) proved a good thing for tho Australian bred horso Tantallon (Wellington — Fizgig), (and woll-known in Queensland), for he easily defeated Syntax and Whirl wind. Last wook I mado a mistake in the siro of Mr. H. Fox's chestnut colt. Ho is by fMolbourno— Emblem) nnrl not by Whoatmoat as mentioned boforo. Tho Bamo ownor has started Phyllis in work again and the bay tnaro looks big and well. " Thoy raco in all shapes " is an old turf maxim. Tho host judges of horsofiosh aro sometimes apt to bo very far astray in their estimate of tho value of thoroughbrod stock. In his timo fow mon, if any, could give woight to Mr. AUon McDonouga in anything connocted with horses. Half an hour boforo tho decision of tho motnorablo English Derby of 18G7, whon walking about tho pad dock at Epsom, tho celebrated Irish horsoman came across a vory lean chostnut, good behind tho saddle and all head boforo it, with only a lad to look aftor him. Mr. McDonough dis posed of tho horse's chance by saying to a friond, " I would not give more than five sovereigns for that colt at a fair." Yofc this was Hermit, who a fow minutes afterwards destroyed a marquisate, enriched a commoner be yond his wildest dream, and attained immortality himself. Writing of "Royal Ascot" this yoar, an English journal remarks : — Old timors must have boon surprised at the tamenoss of the wagoring com pared with the gambling thoy have soon at Ascot. There was no plunging throughout an uneventful day, and had the ghost of Sir Joseph Hawloy revisited dainty Ascot ho would havo boon quite unablo to grasp tbo situa tion. Aftor Bluegown's Derby, whon ho had done in £30,000 on his other two ho got it all hack, and a bit be- sido, at Ascot. But then Sir Josoph used to back hiB opinion, and over Fitzroland, Musjid, and Beadsman he won £260,000. Tho Gold Cup at Ascot was established in 1807. Emperor Nicholas of Russia during tho early period of his reign took a deep intorost in England, was delightod with Ascot races, and declared his in tention of presenting tho Gold Cup annually. Therefore from tho year 1845 to 1853 it was known as tho Emporor's Cup. The outbreak of tho Crimonn War, however, somewhat damped tho ardour of tho Czar. Thus it camo about that , in 1854 the cup was given out of tho raco fund, and sinco that time it has been known as tho Ascot Gold Cup. Tho ontrios for the noxt English Derby number 285, as against 224 for 1894,229inl893and259 in 1892. His Royal Highness tho Prince of Walos has throo entries opposite his name- — viz., riafoty Pin, Courtier, a colt by Hampton out of Marguerite,, and a colt by St. Simon from Ferditta II. Mr. A. Belmont, the American sports man, has also ontored three. One is an Iroquois colt, the two others aro by St. Blaizo and the recently defunot Maxim. Franco and America are well represented, as, besides Mr. Bolmont, -Mr. Foxhall iCeeno and Mr. J. R. Koene each have nominations, although, they are largely English bred. An addition to our blood stock ar rived by the Ointra on last week in the shapo of a mare and two horses (says " So So " in the Townsville Bulletin). Tho former is named Lady Hilda, and is well-known about Brisbane, having won a few good races. She is by no means hanasomo, hut is said to be worth foeding. A roan . colt by Now- bold is not altogether a bad shaped little follow, and has the characteristic long oars oz ine rtewooias. a zew months feeding will do him no harm, lie is throo yoarB old, but has never raced. Tho third horse is a full brothor in blood to Mr. Carroll's horso Tho Abbott. He is a mouse color, and has the appearance of a weight carrier. His relationship to Tho Abbott will mako sportsmon koop their oyo on him. Up to the present he lias only won a hack race. Ho was known by tho name of Clansman in Brisbane, The three loft for Charters Towers yesterday. Tho Sydnoy horse, Isaac, was backed in Molbourne on Monday night for tho Caulfiold Cup for all the money avail able at 100 to 5, sevoral thousands having boon secured. Capstan has booa supported at 100 to 7, and Thoodoro at 100 to 6. I hoar from Sydnoy that Isaao is as good as Jowollor, and if so what a chance ho mtiflf. Iiuta in the Caulfiold Cud? | JowiJJor, fit and well, with 8st. 61b. would moke a- ono horse race of the Caulfid'd Cup ; Isaao has 7st. 71b. in tho Caulfiold Cup, and tfsfc. 9lb. in the Holbourno Cup. Liko Jeweller fte is by Splendour. Mr. "Bill" Forester has leased from Mrs, William Gannon the ohest- nut fillies My Own, by Eridspordo— Helena, aud Happiness, by Australian Peer — My Lovfl. Mr. Forrester has also leased that unreliable, but beauti ful, horse Ethelbert, by GoMsborougb »Ethel (not Brockleigh's dam)., on tho Gympie rococonrso on tho 2nd ult. to witnoss a private match botwoon Siro and Eiloon for £20 a-sido, dis tanco 1 milo. Tho sou of Excelsior- Silonco won oasily. Stromboli's brothor, tho ancient Volcano, won tho Montono - (Vic.) nurdlo raco tho othor day, carrying 10st. 101b. Volcano, who is a grilling has boon racing for nino sonsons. Ho holds tho Australian record (lmin. 1 lsec.1 for six furlongs, made as a two- year-old, carrying 8nt. 21b. In his host day as a three-year- old Volcano was as good up to a milo, if not hotter,, than his moro fortunato stablo com panion, the groat Trident. 