ilttt anb Humor, Hek Own Fault. Ada— 'You are a flab, Freddie— nothing more !' Fbeddie— ' What else could you expect! You. sit on me at every po&sible; opportunity.' 'They say that bhe Emperor William writes a very bad hand.' Mrs. Partington — 'Indeed ! And I've so of ben heard of the divine write of king6 !' ' How do you like your alaun clock ?' asked the jeweller. 'First rate.' 'You didn't seem pleased with it ab first.' ' No ; but it's broken now.' Mrs. Worry (awaking her lord) — ' Charles, get up. I think baby |has the croup.' Mr. Worry — 'Hadn't I better wait tul you're sure?' 'Brevity may be the soul of wit,' muttered Swanky, sadly searching his pockets in vain for the price of a 'butcher,' 'but I'll be blanked if I can Bee any fun in being short.' A little girl's father had a round bald spob. Kissing him at bedtime nob long ago she said, 'Stoop down, papa, dear. I wanb to kiss the place where the lining shows. ' A gentleman just returned to America from a tour in Europe was asked how he liked the ruins of Pompeii. 'Not very well,' was hi3 reply, ' bhey are so dreadfully oab of repair.' The Wife — 'John, you're intoxicated. How did you find your way home ?' The Husband — 'Darling, your bright eyes would light me home 'if I were twish's full's am now.' She forgave him. Clara — 'May I come to your wedding?' Agatha — 'I cannob promise you that. My parents are so enraged ab my choice that; I hardly know whether I shall be allowed to go there myself.' He — 'Oh, I have a splendid story to tell you. I don't think I ever told ib to you before.' She — ' 13 ib really a good story ?' He— 'Indeed ib is.' She (wearily)— 'Then you- haven't told it to me before.1' Mrs. Earls — 'Your daughter has been study ing painting, has she nob?' Mrs. Barby— iea. iuu buuuiu u»o tsume ui tne sunsesi she paints. You never saw anything like them.' It does aggravate a man to think thab while his wife isn't afraid to tackle him and nearly take his head off, she is madly terrorised by a cow thab he can ohaee oub of the garden at any time. Mies Wagner — 'Give me a nice big Bologna sausage, Mr. Cutlftts.' Mr. Cut lets— 'Shall I send ib home for you T' Miss Wagner — ' Oh, no ; I'll jusb take ib along in my music-roll.' 'There is one thing I dread,' remarked Johnson, 'and thab is a premature burial.' 'Don't worry about that, replied Brown ; ' bhe bhine is impossible ; there's no danger of your being buried too soon.' He — ' I am rather in favor of the English than bhe American mode of spelling.' She — 'Yes?' He— ' Yes, indeed. Take ' parlour,' for instance. Having ' u' in makes all the dif ference in the world.' Firao Strayed Reveller — 'Tell y' what. Bob ; I'm 'f raid to go home. M3 wife smell liquor on me, sure.' Second Strayed Reveller — '?' Hold y'r breath.' Firsb Sbrayed Reveller — 'Can't do ib, Bob; can't do it. Ib's too strong.' 'Thomas must be doing splendid on the etage,' remarked his mother ; ' he writes me bhab he appears every evening as a villager, s gipsy, and bwo kinds of soldiers — while Mr. Hamlet, the star, you know, performs oniy ons pare.' O'Brien — 'Did yez know that O'Toole is dead?' Brannigan — 'Not a worrud have 1 heard about it.' O'Brien — 'Sure, he dropped down dead in th' shtrate from a sixth ehtory windy.' Brannigan — ' Poor feller ! he took a dhrap too much.' He hovered around her and watched ha eyes, And hung on each musical word — And she was aware of bis stifled sighs, And the throbs of his heart she heard ; And though nothing was said between thesf two, He knew she knew that he knew she knew, Mr. Green (who has been listening to Mrs. Brown's account of a trip round the coast)— 'And how did you like it, Mrs. Brown?' Mrs. Brown — 'Well, I didn't Bee much of the scenery, but the cabin was very com fortable, and bhe stewardess a most sym pathetic woman.' Landlord — ' Good morning, sir ; hope you enjoyed a good night's rest, sir ?' Traveller — 'Yes, thanks; pretty fair.' Landlord — 'Saw nothing of the ghost thab is said to = appear from bime to time in the room you occupied?' 'Ah, yes; I did, though.' Land lord — ' And how did you get rid of the in truder ?' Traveller — ' I offered him a glass of your wine, when he vanished with a gesture of supreme disgust.' Two sailors undertook to compose poetry in friendly rivalry. Said the first improvise* tore : — ' In the Bay of Bengal I lost mv alL' 'In the Bay of Biscay I losb my stockings,' responded his companion. ' My lines rhyme^ and yours don't. Bill,' remarked the first poet. 'Aye,' replied the obher, 'but then my lines are true, and yours ain't.' One of the homeliest men in town has a beautiful little girl about five years old. The other day she was sitting on his knee with a hand-glass before her. She looked ab her father a moment, then looked ab herself, and turned to her mother. 'Mamma,' she en quired, 'did G-cd make me?' 'Yes, daughter.' 'Did He make papa, too?' ' Yes.' Then she took another look in the glass at herself. 'Well,' she said thought fully, ' He's doing a good deal better work lately, isn'b He?' 