OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. Friday. It is somewhat curious th»t each Go vernment in its turn has an international question. With Mr Service it was usually the New Hebrides, a watchful eye being kept on New Guineas, especially German N.G., because it did not brl-ng to us, and the acquisitive Briton always linkers after that lie hath not, with the Gillies, Munro and Shiels Cabinets New Caledonia was as the unquiet ghosts that haunted King Duncan's couch, and now Mr Patter- s in trumps all tricks with Samoa, playing the deuce to, and with Malieota, New Zealand leading. And like King Lieu tenant Belaye in Gilbert's ballad, the team " Are proud of their gun, such ptide is hardly wrong." And cackle over the diplomacy exhibited in following Mr Seddon's lead like a hen that has j list de posited on tho lap of mother earth lier first egg. As I have all along pointed out the position of Chairman of the Department of Public Health was superfluous, and that an ordinary clerk could perforin the duties just as well as the most highly salaries officer that could be dropped into the place. I am delighted to find that Dr Gresswell has been at last put into ins proper position at me head of the board. But the retirement of good Dr Dick from the position of Inspec tor General of Lunatic Asylums will be severely felt, as we have 110 officer of similar experience to succeed him ; and although the late Uunder Secretary, Mr T. R. Wilson, was only a few months of the year at his office owing to his delegate health arising, I believe from an affection of the throat which required to be con stantly treated by the exhibition of lubri cants, yet lie had a grip of his work which 110 successor who has not undergone the same training can possibly have. The fact is tli it by the retirement and superan nuation of- the former heads of depart ments, and the sub titution for them in many cases of moil utterly new to the duties who have not even been tesied in a preliminary canter as chief clerk " the service is going to the devil." What becomes of the ever increasing army of pensioners you may ask ? If you are wellxnown to the service it will strike you that about ten per ce .t of the men who you meet with in Collins-street of a day are pensioners to some extent or other. On the 25th of each mnntii you may see them pouring np to lodge their claims ; 011 the 1st of the one ensuing they are to be fouud clustered at the doors of the Im perial Pensions Office, where the process of distributing the amounts against their names goes on all day. So groat is the crush to receive t.lie State's money that this office, in order to cope with the rush, opens on pension day at eight o'clock in the morning, and as the r-gnlatims of late have made identification easy, the task of settling up is expeditiously per formed. But what becomes of the poor pensioners, you may ask. Do they com mit suicide, or take to drink, or die of ennui, in consequence of the deprivation of their daily dole of work ? Not a bit of it. They are mostly htppy, healthy, energetic mm, and large numbers of tshem on being superannu >te ' from the service at once c mimetice business in the city, where you may see them by .the dozen flying round like youngsters, and generally more spry. Oth -rs have a fe-v acres of land, and devote themselves to growing vegetables thereon, which helps the larder, its well as flowers, fruits, &c.;, for exhibition. Oth-rs, again, lovo poul try, or sketching front nature, or photo graphing it ; others betake th mselves to wooing the pri-cine darlings of tho pool, but all are employed, and I have only met with one who lias nut srid to me heartily, in tones that carried conviction with them. " Tnank God, I'm rid of the ser vice." And it is interesting how utterly worked out these gentlemen must In that, after being 30 years in the service, or having attained the age of 60, they are able to start in life anew with a fresh zest for it, and, with their pensions, able absolutely to make larger incomes than they ever drew from Government. The po'ice courts which are to us replicas of the seamy side of life, often present us with facts difficult to under stand, hut one of the oddest of these I ever recollect was the spectacle of a deaf and dumb pugilist, bearing the redoubt able name Maee, crawling to court, asking protection from the violence of a woman. For a puglist to be deaf and dumb is, in itself, remarkable, for these gentry are usually as handy with their tongues as with their fists ; but to think that one of the fraternity could not protect himself from being badly hammered by a woman, and that not 11 particularly strong one, nor much of a virago, is about the oddest overturn of all records I ever heard of. This Mace, by the way, must not be con founded with the stalwart Jim Mace. Our woman beaten pugilist is a colonial boy, born at Newcastle. The Reverend Mr Marshall "as caused a considerable fluttering in the racing dovecotes. Other clergymen h-ivo been outspoken in tlieir denunciation of the turf and its surroundings, but none of them have g.mc quite so far as Mi Mar shall. And what has done most harm to the sport is that the reverend gentleman's opinion should have followed so quickly on the strictures passed on suburban racing by the Chief Justice during his summing up in the Hayes v " Austra lasian" case. Mr Vlashall prefaced his re mark by the assurance that he had been well posted up by a journalist who was conversant with racing in all its phases. But has not Mr Marshall gone just a little too far. Has he not lost sight of the fact that with racing as will N many oher British sports it is tne "fringe," the surround! gs that are more responsible for the evil repute attached thereto than the sport itself. Will anyone say, for instance, that cricket, a game that Mr Marshall accep's with pleasure, is quire free from the taint of "foul" work, or that because one class of its patrons- save the mark ! — The men who sit round the playing' ground and make use of vile language and threats t<> the players, and another class who occupy higher places and have been accused of bribery and cor ruption in connection with international matches, cricket is to be abjured as a " sink of iniquity." Then again can any worse phase of ruffianism be imagined than has. bsen witnessed in connection with some of our principal football matches. And yet is football pure and simple to be condemned wholesale therefore. It sdems to Trie ' that in his eagerness to denounce : the turf, the Reverend Mr Marshall has somewhat "overaii' t the mark. Time was when racing both in England and the colonieswas looked on as the noblest' of sports when it earned the title of " King" thereof. -Nor is -there - any -reason why it should not again occupy the same high position. There are scores aye hundreds and ; thousands of honorable men who delight in the healthy competition of the tbroughbreds of all ages. These in common with Mr Marshall would be only too glad to see racing cleansed of its unsavory stir-, roundings and would , gladly . co-operrite with, the highest tribunals of the various colonies to that end. But. to say. as Mr Marshall does that the sport should be swept away altogether, is to advance an opinion that is a plebiscite would be certain to bo refused endorsement by a large majority of the population. Some surprise has been expressed that tho committee of the Eight Hours Fete should have so long delayed the drawing of their art union. The general rule has been to conduct the drawing on the ground on the day itself. This year, the date was first altered to the following Monday, then to Tuesday night. The -public mind is very prone to suspicion, in these matters. Consequently on Slonday when the second arrangement was made known there were expressions of dissent and distrust. There cannot be too much openess in these draw- inrrc fitvon f.ha alirrVifoaf ina of hnlo.fltlna corner work and failure would become a certainty on the selling of tickets. It would be far better for committees to re vert to the old plan of a'public drawing. By-the-bye I have just learned the true history of the winning of the first, prize in the recent Brisbane Property Distribution. Here it is. Three gentle men, one a partner in a large business " the lane," another a member of Parlia ment, and the third also a business man, one day while lunching together agreed to send £3 to Tattersali's sweep. In return, therefore, they drew a £10 cash prize. With this money they purchased ten tickets in another sweep, one of which won a £50 cash prizs, £40 of this they divided, and with the other £10 bought eleven tickets in the Brisbane Property Distribution. O110 of these won the fir.-t prize, the income from which is £1200 a year, or £400 a year each for in all human probability the remainder of their natural lives. Mr. George Darrel,. the well known dramatic author and actor, has just re turned from a visit to the States. In the course of a short chat he informed me that one could form 110 conception of the dullness in business matters there. Not one of tho theatres was making money, on the contrary five- sixths of them were now losing heavily. " Woman's Revenge," which ran for eight months in London, and is now being played at our Princess, cost Mr French; the " Boss" New York theatrical proprietor £4000 in four weeks and had to be taken off. Mr French told Mr Darrel that his losses durintr the sea- son would top up to £20,000. Nor was this an isolated instance, though many of the others would not of course reach such high figures. Numbers of the best Ameri can actors and actresses undeterred by our tales of depression were turning their faces towards Australia, their idea? being hat in no place in the. world could matters be so bad as in. America. 