THE WAGES OF SIN. Imagine a number of people gathered round a Sinner table in London, in a fashionable quarter, at the height of the season. Imagine the long table brilliant with glass, sugared bonbonus and orchids. Imagine a host who has sprung from nothing and grown into so much gold, and a hostess who has come of a good stock and descended into dia monds. Among a sprinkling of poli ticians and society butterflies sits a cer tain Captain Power and a young heiress, as beautiful as she is rich. On the man's other side is the daughter of the house, a pale-faced girl with the manners I of a duchess, and a brain that has been i crushed by the weight of gold. " I think," she says gently, "that we 1 must try and persuade you to come to i us at Henley, Captain Power. We are intending to decorate the house-boat a in quite a new style." r " How ?" a "Oh, papa has some artist with a wonderful scheme of color," says the a girl, with a puzzled expression. " I suppose it will be all right, however." f " You know I am always engaged," a the man commences, when the heiress breaks in,- L " Oh, yes, but this year you must a came. I am to be there too, and we p can have such fun." d The soldier flushes. a " I must think about it," he says. a The pale girl notes that the heiress flushed, too; and sighs. " I suppose," the heiress goes on, "that you have seen Loie Fuller ?" "Yes," he answers at random, his blue eyes watching her face. " She makes a beautiful, artistic pic- G ture," the pale girl says. " A picture !" The color effects are wonderful. She reminds me of the flames we can often I discover in a wood fire." " Charming I" murmurs the heiress in sweet, soft tones. Captain Power seems at aloes how to . continue. The heiress notes the crest- I fallen appearance of the man on her other side, who has taken her in to dinner, and flings him a word or two in order to restore his appetite. In a pause in the conversation, the man that is all gold is heard announcing the fact that he has bought Lord Blank's yacht; a young man, who seems too tired to do anything, suddenly rouses ] himself enough to discuss Ibsen with a juvenile old lady on his right, and in another pause makes an awkward remark on " Ghosts." The lady of the house, with some tact. drowns his voice and his stupidity by asking her neighbors if they will have some burned almonds, and pass her the olives ; while the captain, who has commenced a pretty speech to the heiress, breaks off and looks ab etracted. Then the trivial talk recommences. The few clever men there are-like the still fewer clever women-- crushed by the weight of gold. It surrounds them in every form; it flows to them in the voice of their host, and they cannot struggle against it. Their only retalia tion will be their remarks the next day to a sympathetic circle of friends. In the midst of it all the captain tells the heiress that perhaps he will go to Henley, and she murmurs foolishly but prettily, " Oh, don't go merely to please me." " But it will be a pleasure." "You have always refused before." "I refuse nothing now that takes me whera you are." " It is sweet of you to say that-but then, of course I-" " You can quite believe it-and you know you do believe it. That reminds me; will you let me come and see you to- morrow-" As she blushes and veils her eyes with long dark lashes, he breaks off. One of the men-servants has whispered that he is wanted, and will he come into the hall ? Puzzled aid much surprised, he mur mars an excuse .nd risks. The heiress leans across his empty chair, and tells the pale-faced daughter of the house that she has persuaded the captain to come to Henley. "How kind of you I" answers the other, with a glance that is anything but kind, for the triumphant smile of the heiress is maddening. The captain's footsteps echo on the parquet, then there is a pause and the intervening doors are hurriedly shut. As he comes into the light of the hall he stanjs amazed, and for one instant looks like a man in a dream. A woman gaily attired in cheap finery comes for ward and prefaces her words with a drmunken langh. "Thought I was dead, Jim, didn't yer ?" His face blanches. "' Yes," he answers sternly. "Well, I ain't. Where do you hang out at present ?" "Why did you follow me here I" " Saw you drive this way and came in. Knew you used to dine here in the old days when the girl of the house was .s mere ki. 'Spect you'd like to make up to her now, as you thought I was out of the way." There is a pause. The ladies are heard leaving the dining-room, but they Sascend by another staircase, and do not 'pass that way. Captain Power's face hardens. "What do you want with me ?" he "' You're my husband, ain't yer 7" "Yes." "Then I want money, and I'll not worry you again." "I must go," te speaks with an eort, "and make my excases upatairs. WaiC for moutsside ; don't stay here," * "Mind you come No games, o0 I'll kick up a fine row." "You can trust me. Now go. I will be with you in ten minutes." The heiress meets his eyes as he comes into the large drawing-room and notices nothing; she greets him with a smile that is enchanting, and waits for him to join her. The daughter of thi house rises hurriedly and as quickly resumes her seat. The captain speaks to her mother explains that he has bad news-to that fact his white lips testify-and is called away. The blaze of the diamond, flashes in his eyes for a moment, and she says something politely sympathetic He moves on, dazed, perhaps, by the sparkle. to where the heiress stands. " I am obliged to go away," he says, in a broken voice. " And not come to Henley ?" "It is qmte impossible now." She is piqued. "Oh, very well. Good-by." He looks at her with a dog's eyes full of entreaty, but she turns her proud little head, and makes a jesting remark to a lady near. As he crosses the room, his very senses dulled with pain, he misses the pale daughter of the house. Once outside in the passage, he comes face to face with her. "You are ill or in great trouble ? she cries ; 'I am very sorry." He hesitates, and she goes on " You needn't tell me. I can see it in your face. I hope all will end well.' " You are very kind," he remarks stupidly. " Have you any friend-" she com mences; but he breaks in " No-no friend can help me. You are very kind." In a dazed way he holds out his hand, but she shrinks back and feigns not to notice it. He is conscious that he is wounding her, but the heiress and her beauty have blinded him; his one wish is to escape. " If I don't see you again," she speaks hurriedly-" if you need a woman's aid in any way, remember I should be so glad-" "Yes, yes. I must go. Thank you a thousand times." He takes her hand, but her small fingers slip through his, and, without another word, she is gone. The men are preparing to join the ladies ; the heiress, hearing their voices, moves her seat to a sofa where there are places for two, and Captain Power descends the great staircase and passes out of the hall into the dark street; and what awaits him there ?" 