Was it a ,Ghost they Saw? M?n. H. H. JsNt-Iscs lives at No. 21.x Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order One night early in December (Ib~,)J the two women locked all the doors and wer.t to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the houwe. They left the gas burning, however,in the lrort parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing tnd talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark .man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his tlace was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleam ing through the eyeholes in it. His shirt sleeves ?ere rolled up. and in one hand he carited a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women tied screaming from the room, and when .?r. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no mne in the parlour and allthedoors and windosss securely locked. What was it the women saw ? S' During a recent period of ill health." writes an American iriend, ""I had slept badly for everal .ucceo:ive nights. On the fourth of .heý nights about two o'clock, I was suddenly Iroused trum a doze by " .shat snm.ed like the lathrig of my name;:" and at the foot of the bed ,?.udl the image of my mother just as .she lo? ked tse years before, as she seas leasing auome to go on a journey, on i hich journey she as killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I w\as foolish enough to tell of it. and the local old women gossips said it was a seummons and I would never get well, Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that ision caste of my weak nerves, for I've xi-er seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play ott on sou when your .ystem is outofcondition. In March, IS.o, it vas, that Mrs Jane Foster, of Darra cott Road, Pckesdown, Hants, wrote us as fol Lows :-' I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with nee, yet I did nut wish them far; away in case I should call ,ut for help. This was in June. 182. I slept t.cry badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eces, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow.and the stomach and bowels felt ,old and dead, By-and- by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin ,nd bone. My memory completely failed. My nead ached so dreadfully I thought I should osee my senses, and my friends agreed that I wvouid nes er get better. " I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs WPest. of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she w;as herself just as badly oft, and was cured by Mother Seigel': Curative Syrup. As she seemed tohave sc much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I -sent down stairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The itialady .Mrs Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostra tion. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by acci dent, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Wha:ever may be your opinion of the Bridge port ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestionand dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome,. 