Political Topics. [By TbItEqraph from: the Press Association.] THE PREMIER'S RETURN CONSIDERED CERTAIN. It is understood every member of the solidarity Labour party will take part in the campaign against the election of the Postmaster-General. It is thought the Premier will be returned by a larger majority than at the general election, and it is the general opinion that Messrs. Taylor and Foran, who have been put up in opposition, have not the ghost of a show of being elected, as many votes to the Premier in pi eference to either of his op ponents. It is stated Mr. Taylor comes forward as ' an opponent of Mr. Reid's actions and tactics, and to strike an effective blow at Government House conspirators.' In fact, the opposition is looked upon by the intelligent portion of the com munity as a huge burlesque. A few years ago Mi-. Taylor would probably have made a good fight, as he was then in the zenith of his popularity. Now, however, in a political sense he is never taken seriously, and so the threatened blow at the Govern ment House conspirators will be likely to miss its mark. The Labour Electoral League has acted wisely in recognising the futility of opposing the Premier, and where Labour made such a poor show notwithstanding a block vote, it is contended to be absurd to suppose that a candidate of the Taylor type will do half as well. It is anticipated Mr. Reid will have a monster meeting to-nght and that the Ministerial policy which he intends to outline will meet with, the approval of the country. The Government offices were unusually quiet this morning, and though moBfr of the Ministers were at their poats, nothing of public moment was considered. The Minister of Mines left for Bafchurst last night. Mr. Brunker leaves for West Maitland to night. Mr. Young, the Minister of Works, and Mr. Cook, Postmaster-General, left for their elec torates this morning. New electoral rolls are being prepared. These will include all the names on the general roll in November last and an additional roll prepared in June, and the names of electors who obtained or transferred their rights since that date. All cor rections and necessary names or occupations will also be made. The rolls will be ready for exhibition by September 5th, at all municipal chambers, post offices, and railway stations, and opportunities will be given for challenging any name that may appear on the list at a revision court to be held in October. 