TBE &T0RY; OF A DIAMOND NECKLACE. Vienna jewellers, according to the corres pondent of a London paper, are losing their reputation for caution. A well-dressed young gentleman lately entered the snop of Mr. X., introduced himself as Count) O., and ex pressed his wish to see the head of the firm for tha purpose, he Baid, of ordering a diamond necklace. Mr. X. very soon came down, his face one vast, substantial smile, a.nd, in words 'sweet as honey from hia lips distilled,' signified his readiness to do the will of his di8tinsuif-Vipri visitim-. 'I want a diamond neck-lace,' was the reply ; ' but the very best you have.' 'We have none but the best, count ; but, as tastes differ, you shall see all we have here now, acd can choose the one that pleases you most.' The count greatly admired the display, carefully examined the necklaces, etone for stone, then stepped back --, few paces and viewed each one apart ; and, *f ter a long hour's in spection, said : — ' Tnese three strike my fancy with equal force, but I only require one. i cannot choose between them. I will certainly take one of them, but I think I must leave the choice to the lady herself. Her name is no doubt familiar to your ears — Miss W. ;' and he mentioned the name of one of the best opera pingers in Austria and in Central Europe. ' Familiar !' replied the head of the firm ; ' I should think it was ! She is one of our very best cuatomere.' Well, I want you to send these three necklaces to the lady, and I will look in here to morrow and pay the bilL She will have made her choice by that time.' Herr A. pondered a few moment3 over the whole transaction before carrying out the in istmetions. Everything, however, seemed in perfect order. The young man belonged to one' of the very best and richest families in the ? monarchy — provided, of course, that the name he hatd given really belonged to him. Nobody knew the members of the family by eight ; but then- their palace was not far off, and — but no, there was no need sending over to make en quiries, and there might be some incon like to keep the transaction to bimeelf. The jeweller waited upon Fraulein W., who though unasquaiated with the donor, whom shefaad onlv vaguely heard of as a patron of tbe opera, was not amazed at a generosity which she had experienced in one form or another from other strangers. Besides the couat had told the jeweller that he would be present when the lady made her choice. Accordingly the jeweller invited a careful inspection of tbe three necklaces, pointed out the beauties of each, and laid special stress on the best of the three, which, of course, was the moat expensive of tbe lot. Half an hour passed in this way, but the young count tailed to put in an appearance. 'What do you intend to do V asked Fraulein W. at length. ' Well, I suppose it is useless to wait any longer. I confide the three necklaces to youreafe keeping, Fraulein ; I know they will be as well looked after here as at our shop. And, when Count O. does call, and you have selected one of them, he will come to us and settle up.' Herr X. had not left tbe saloon a quarter of an hour when the young man who called him self Count O. rushed breathless into the room and vehemently demanded the three diamond necklaces. ' The jeweller, Herr X.,' he said, 'has sent me this. moment to say that they were left here by mistake — a mistake which he deeply regrets and apologises for.' In reply to the lady's questions he further ex plained that toe counts instructions bad been misunderstood. He wanted the necklace for Miss B., who lived in the same house as Mies W., only one story higher, and a mis take had been made in the names. The lady was not in the least surprised. ' So this is the solution of the mystery. Yes; I was thinking myself that there must be some mis take, else the count would have called here long ago.' And she handed him the precious parcel. Next morning the jeweller called, ? and opened the conversation with the poser — 'Well, Fraulein, I hope you have followed my advice, and chosen the necklace I recommended 1 It is by far the best of the three ; and, as for the«toaes, I can assure you that Princess P., when she saw them a few weeks ago ? ' ' But you seem to be in a very jocular mood this morning, Herr X. I don't quite see, though, where the joke comes in. You kxow as well as I do thab the necklace was for Fraulein B. upstairs, :and your shop man tcok io to her last night.' *' What, in Heaven's name, do you mean? Wheie are my diamond necklaces?' And Herr X. was as pale as a ghost as he asked tha question. Suddeniy, turning to the diva, ba said — 'Frauleio, will you kindly accompany me at once to the shop ? I wast you to tell the story that you have just narrated to the police, and to put them ca the track of the scoundrel, at once, li may ytt be possible to recover the property ; but we must be very quick.' Miss W. ungraciously signified her assent, and the hair hurried off to the' shop with feelings too stormy for words. Herr X. opened the door, which set a number of electric bells ringing, and, to his utter stupefaction, beheld the 'swindiar' standing at the counter with some necklaces displayed before him. The jeweller pounced upon him as a tiger upon its prey, bufe the young man smilingly pointed to the preeious stones and eaid : ' There are your necklaces. Now listen ? ' 'You, sir, are a ? !' ' I^ow, do be calm, please, and let ms finish what I have to eay ; then you may talk as much as you like.' ' Count O. !' ' That's me ; and I have come to compensate you for thfi Hfctln inlrn T rmrr»Alirafc«-ri- The ft».nt ia T made a bet with Count S. that I woald go to the best firm of jewellers in Vienna and deprive them of the possession of a lot of jewellery for at least one night— of course eclsly for tbe pur pose of winning the wager. I have now scored a brilliant success and won the stakes. It only remains for me to express my profound thanks to Fraulein W., who so ably, if involuntarily, seconded my efforte.' And the count selected, not indeed a diamond necklace, bat a magnifi cent bracelet, and requested Fraulein W. to honor him by wearing it as a souvenir of the curious incident in which ehe had played such a prominent pare The jeweller, relieved on recovering his diamonds, was perfectly pacified by the sale of the costly bracelet and the promise of the count's future custom. The yousg man himself, in addition to his satisfac tion at having won the extraordinary bet, hod reason to co&grafculafce; himself on the fortunate circumstance that 6Ae police did not get wiad of his doings until they were known to be a naexe practical joke. 