IRISH FAIRIES. Ghosts and goblins still live and afl in the imaginations of innumerable Irish men and women, and not merely in remote places, but close even to big cities. It is dowh West ward' among the deep, bays and mountain valleys or Sligo that I have heard the- bait tales and found the' most' ardent belief. There, many a peasant dreams 'of growing rich by liiding a fairy's crock of gold,' and many a peasant's daughter trembles as she passes some famous haunted hillside, and goes over in her mind the nameos of men aslid women carried oil, as tradition will have it, to the dim kingdom. Only very recently one of these fabled robberies was rcported to have been attempted. A little girl, who was at service with a farmer in the village of Grange, suddenly disappeared. There was at once great excitement in the neighbour hood, becaude it was rumoured that the fai ries had taken her. A villager was said to have long struggled to hold her from them, but at last they prevailed, and he found no thing in his hand but a broomstick. The local constable was applied to, and he at once instituted a house-to-house search, and at the same time advised.the people to burn all the bucalauns (ragweed) on the. field she vanished from, because bucalauns are sacred to the fairies. Tliey spent the whole night burning them, the constable repeating spells the while. In the morning the little girl was found, the story goes, wandering in the field. She said the fairies had taken her away a' great distance, riding on a fairy horse. At last she saw a big river, and the man who tried to keep her front being car ried off was drifting down it-such are the topsyturvydoms of fairy glamour - in a cockleshell. Brides and new-born children are especially in danger. Peasant mothers, too, are sometimes carried off to nurse the children of the fairies. At the end of.seven years they have a chance of returning, and if they do not escape then are always prisoners. A woman, said still to be living, was taken from near'a village called Ballisodare, and when she came home after seven years she had no toes.-she had danced them off.-). B. Yeats, in the esre fousr. 