[?] — -£ Iflk/lKtf ' r" lT" SWTf f I 'Jw ffHIlBlf fflJSm& «j w//jfimifEr ttMM , I By XjmnHHp/ \ Jean Middlema ssTSBSfcM5 CHAPTER XI (Continued.) "The weather cook is veering," Jim Glendinning thought, when Lisbeth, with out awaiting for any further assertions as to his having seen Sir Miles since his return, Went silently to a cupboard in the kitchen and set some viands on the table. She did not invite the new-comer to penetrate into the sanctum she had prepared with ho muolpare for the advent of Clement Donraven, yet she did not consider that it would be expedient altogether to refuse him the hospitality of her house. Jim Glendinning seated himself at the Weil-scrubbed table where be had sat often as a boy, and eyed the viands. Convict though he had been, he was an- epicure, and the aspect of the well- cooked supper pleased his dainty appetite. Could it be possible that in preparing it Xjisbeth might have had a notion that perhaps Clement Dunraven would not have dined ? Anyway, she had litt o guessed who would share with her the food she had eooked with more than nsual care. Jim Glendinning helped himself with no frugal hand. " Who finds the money, girl ?" he asked, with coarse assurance. " Food had not used to be so plenty at our cottage in the old days. Crimson to the very roots of her hair, Lis beth answered, 11 There is no money, father. What little I have is honestly earned. I have been working for Lady Maroia Fol- j&mbe; ; she came over from Brentweila yesterday and brought me a basket of pro visions.' ' Blets me, the irirl seems to be acquainted with all the county. You are a clever woman, Lisbeth ; you take after your old dad, as I said before." Lisbeth did hot reply, beyond murmuring that she had muoh to be grateful for. She was wondering what effeot this unexpected home-coming would have upon her future. Would she be able to keep the existence of little Lisa secret from ,1 fm Gie&dmnmg;'e prying eyes, and, great heavens, if he should mud ut thai Clemeni .)anrfcv-.r>. legK.', husband what dire cat&gfc; roybe might: not be brought about ? Thus pondering, she was, nevertheless, by no means forgetful of her father's appeti to, , find rather regretted that she had no liquor riim ad mama 1.2. u wuoi miaiy no au iuiuu Udro aUUoquoU ulo tongue and given her more information on several matters about whioh she would gladly le&ru.; Without the aid of liquor, however, she was to be told something which gave her a shock almost as thrilling as. when Jim Glen dinning told her he had seen a mania evening dress in the wood. It was when he had finished his a"ple repast and was putting down his knife and fork that he said, 41 You'll have to give me a. shakedown for to night, Lisbeth, and I'll go back to the City road in the morning. You're right, the Coleshill gossips and I shall not hit it off." \ _ "To the City road," she asked ; 44 are you | living in the City road ?" i And the question seemed to quiver on her f ashen lips. > " Cf course. Surely you know my dead ( sister, Mrs Ellis? No, I suppose you never did. You've been at Coleshill all your life; but you've heard of her. Well, I arrived from abroad expecting to be received with tsome fuss, for IS ally and I were always good friends, when I discovered she had been dead only a short time, and, of course, I walked in as heir— -there was no one to try and oast me. They said there had been some female cousin, nursin' or stayin' or something, but she was gone. I can't -think who she oonld be, we ain't got no cousins, have we, Lisbeth ?" 44 Perhaps it was a relation of her husband's," said Lisbeth, making suoh an effort at composure that she nearly fainted from the strain. " Right you are, girl, that's what she must bejnjact, I think some of the old hags said so, Well, she took herself off, ttd if she comes again she'll find the rightful possessor reigning in her stead." 44 And you are going to stay there, father?" 44 Don't see as I can do anything better. Bit of luok wasn't it? 'Taint every feller who comes baok from a foreign prison as finds a nest and a tidyish income waiting for him on his arrival. It would be a home for you, too, Lisbeth, if you wanted one." 41 Oh, not for me, thanks, father," she said, so positively that with the next breath she thought it expedient to explain. 41 1 oould not live in London. T should hate it; besides, I am so fond of this dear old cottage." 44 But how you are going to live here I can't think ; the old man did not leave muoh coin, I guess." 44 No, he left nothing but the house and the wilderness ; still, 1 think I shall de. I am rigging the rooms up a bit and I am promised two old people to look after, and perhaps I shall get a child or two to enliven the house." 44 Humph. You'd best marry, you ain't an ill-looking wench. Looking after first and second childhood isn't a cheery way of getting your living." 44 Well, it will have to for the present, and and if marriage should eotne to me later I can give it up," she said with a laugh which by no means oame from her heart, sore and heavily- weighted by the secret that she felt would cost her far more to guard than she had ever anticipated, when she promised Clement Dnnraven that she would be silent. 4 4 Some of these rich swells, lass. Who knows — perhaps Sir Miles fancies yon ? Depend on it, he doesn't oome here for nothing." Lisbeth shivered. Shehated herself for the He she had told, but managed to answer composedly :» 44 1 shall never marry Sir Miles. Folks say he is sweet on Miss Delano." 44 What, Delano the millonaire's heiress? He mows which A&e; his bread is buttered. 1 | tlai don't you float him girl, don't you float - Mst ;hsiT85es are not always easy, to win, ; end chis one may have other adorers"' ' " | Strange fca&t; during all their conversation, i Fierce Vaughan's name had never once been mentioned, and yet he was its keynote. Had it not bee ; for hun, Jim Glendinning would Bo&ioely; have mme to Coleshill, where, he was tally aware, he would be received with aver sion and cut by most of the inhabitants. An hoar later the hardened old sinner was sleeping heavily in the room he had oooupied as a boy, bat without the reoolleotions of his childhood canting him any emotion. He dosed off ehuokling to himself over the mine he had it in his power to spring on Lis beth, for sinoe Pierce Vaughan ii&d; told him that he had seen Lisbeth enter the house in the City road, this astute old fox had no doubt but that she and the husband's cousin were one and the same person, though what Lisbeth's motive was for merging her iden tity into that of an unknown Ellis he had not yet discovered, but he intended to make farther inquiries on his return to the metro polis. The morning was dull mid grey as in the early dawn he: took leave of his daughter ; best not to let any of the neighbors Bee him if he could help it, he said, and truly relieved was Lisbeth, when having given him a cap of hot ooffee, she saw him depart. Would she have felt as thankfnl had she known how thoroughly he disbelieved in the existence of Aunt Ellis's husband's eousin. CHAPTER XH. — A Rash Act. Why did not Pierce Vaughan propose to Elvira Delano and recoup himself by her ample fortune for the disappointment his uncle's will had occasioned him? Had he done so, much that was troublesome and diffi cult would have been overcome. Bat it was not in Pierce Vaughan's nature to let byegones be byegones and seek philo sophically to make the best of life. r... _ j andtotrhrning. Were ltnotsSbe tberwbrld would roll on easier wheels, but ihen perchance misdeeds end croel wrongs would fluently pass unpunished. : . ' £ He had a grudge against Clement Diw- rayen f or robbing him, aa he considered, of his birthright. Cheating him oat of Aboyne Court, as he shrewdly suspected; by no fair means. He was resolved to leave no stone untamed until he had in some way revenged himself on Sir Clement. All this was far nearer his heart than either Elvira Delane or her gold. Besides, dainty little beauty though Elvira was, she scarcely of late unsurpfid the first place in his feelings, if a man so devoid of real affection as Pierce Vanghan was could be credited with feelings. Elvira herself thought that Lady Maroia Foljambe was her rival, but in this she was mistaken. Lady Marcia was merely a useful friend, a stepping-stone oy which Pierce hoped to carry out some of the schemes he had in view. The individual for whom he had elected to conoeive a passion, probably beoanse she avoided and flouted him— was Lisbeth Glen dinning. No more complicating or disastrous at- . taohment could, under the circumstances, possibly have arisen. When Pierce Vaughan came down to Brent wells to stay at Lady Maroia's, and pretend to the' world that he was the devoted cavalier of the gushing widow, it was because he knew that Lisbeth had returned to the Coleshill Cottage, and that he oould occasionally walk over and, &8 he hoped, improve the occasion with her. It was only a few hours after Jim Glen- dinning's departure that he started across the fields to pay his first visit. How he would be received he did not know, and — new sensa tion to t.hio hlfuw avnia ha drandad tha rsnon. tfbn he might meet with from Lisbeth, pre suming it should be a cold one, until he felt as shy and uncomfortable .as a boy of eighteen bdknd on a love affair for the first time. r To reach the cottage from Brentwells it was necessary to go through Coleshill, and there he saw a good many of the idle in habitants standing abont in groups, talking ; among them was the garralqons old woman he had previously met in the cottage garden. She recognised him at onoe and made a curtsey, probably in anticipation of a tip. But Pierce Vatfghan was one of thosa men who gaye 4 nothing for nothing and very little for a halfpenny.' He might perchance get a halfpenny worth out of this 4Ld hag, he thought, so he called her to oome and speak to him, asking her what event of importance bad occurred in which half at least of the Coleshill population was so interested. 44 it's either a ghost or a backslider, your honor, and no one ban just make up their minds which it is." 44 What the deuce do yon mean by a ghost or a backslider, old mother?'' 44 W by, Jim Glendinning, Lisbeth's father, as was convicted for a bad burglary and got twenty years. In. the flesh or out of the flesh he has walked through the town this morn ing, and Sam Styles, he do say as he seen him yesternight." 44 Pooh — nonsense. Sam Styles must have been drinking, and he had set you all off believing in the absurdities he has seen in his cups. Jim Glendinning has been dead this many a day. Old Josh told Sir Lotus all about it yeare ago." 14 Meroy alive, then it wanr his ghost. I said aa it waur. Lord, I feel my back is a openin' and Bhnttin'. I see it myself." Pierce Vanghan laughed. 44 Yon have seen some stranger who has a resemblance to Jim Glendinning, or what you all imagine Jim would be like if lie were alive. And yon get np as much sensation as if the world were coming to an end. I thought the Coleshill people had more sense. Upon my word, l am ashamed of you all-" 4 4 Ah, yon great gents haven't no belief, said the old wife with a sigh. It did not please her to be cheated oat of her link with the supernatural. The only compensation for which would be the horror they would all feel at having suoh a vaga bond as Jim Glendinning onoe more in their midst. Vanghan, still laughing, bat looking vary cynical. 44 Ibelisve thftta bit of coin will lay He put his h«nd into his pocket, and at first intended to give ber half a sovereign ; the next inBtant he came to the conclusion that five shillings would he enough. So he banded her five shillings, and told her to refresh her self and her neighbors and lay the ghost for no good would come to Coleshill as long as j such -like tales were bandied from mouth to mouth. She made him a deeper curtsey than before, and assured him his spirit would never walk ; he would rest peacefully in his grave if only for that day's kindness. With five shillings Pierce Vanghan had bought the good report of the Coleshill gossips, and if Le had not laid Jim Glendinning- s ghost, he bad laid the talk his own occasional visits to the cottage might have occasioned. On leaving the old woman after giving her this magnificent present, he said in a casual tone : 44 1 was going up to Aboyne Court, hut I will go round by the cottage and see if Miss Glendinning has heard or been annoyed by any of this nonsense." Fierce Vanghan was never really happy unless he could pave the .way for his next step forward. 44 So." he muttered to himself, as he strode on leaving the High street behind him," that blackguard h&s; found his way down here has he. I shall have to.be careful, very careful, or he will spoil my game withLisbeth; yet, he is a useful man, a very useful man. Un scrupulous people who will do your work for a consideration and who can hold their tongues are not to he fallen in with every day, and this man can hold his tongue. I have discovered that by his reticence in personal affairs. Pity that Lisbeth has not suoh a father, it will spoil her chance of marrying. She is beantifni as Juno, a paragon of a woman, and there is no saying — were it not for him— but that I — . 'if she only had Miss Delane's money ! You must \- - , not lose your head, Pierce, you muse suit lose ; your head. There are many considerations ic "i be studied." And so murmuring to himself he sauntered j in at the front door. He was just about to do so a coud time when Lisbeth opened it, no very doughtful expression coming into her hand some taoe when she saw who her visitor was. Neither in London, nor at Coleshill was she to be free from this man'3 assiduities ! She would have hidden him go about his business and have slammed the door in his face, only expediency — the gannt giant that sways so many of our actions — forbade it. Lisbeth found herself forced to be civil and look pleasant. Three minutes later Pierco Vaughan was even ' sitting in the chair Clement Donraven - had occupied on -the previous evening and was gating round the pretty parlor with a very approving glance. He thought that this beautiful girl was even less 4 4 of the people" than he had im agined her, if she could arrange her room with so much artistic taste. His eyes i&oidered; from these surroundings to her face, and the ardent admiration they showed all too plainly oaused the hot blood of indignation to redden Lisbeth's cheeks, thus rendering her, although she was quite unaware of it, even more attractive than be fore, enhanced as her beauty waO>y the flashing of her dark eyes and the JPud toss ef her well-poiBed head. 44 Teach not thy lips such scorn, for they were made for kissing, lady — not for such contempt," said Pierce, quoting Shakspeare, though of this Lisbeth was ignorant, since in book-lore she was wholly unversed. In fact, it would have been very difficult to have collected six books in Coleshill Cottage, for though lisbeth had had a fair education and could readeatily and write grammati cally, she had always found too much work to do in her home to have time to eit and read. Nothaving any intimateacquaintanoe, then, with tne great bard's immortal plays, Pierce Vaughan's quotations 44 riled" her to mad- How dare he talk about kissing her tips, and in a fury she forgot expediency and bade ' fer anger, however, had quite a contrary : effect to what abe intendei, for It served only to make him ten times more appreoiativeof her charms. He gloried that, he had aroused the lion in her natnre ; still; he was shrewd enough to know that if she were to be won, she must be gently wooed. He did not, however, recognise what a difficult task he had undertaken. Not that he would have shrunk from it on ac count. To find out what had pasfied between Lisbeth and his cousin, Clement Dunraven, was ever present in his mind, and that he would do so with less difficulty, on account of his own newly-born . infatuation for Lisbeth, he felt certain. 44 Quiet down, soft dove, and do not let your burnished plumage be ruffled by a few quoted words. Come and tell me how you like being back at Coleshill, and why yon es caped out of London so quickly." So saying he took her by the hand and tried to induce her to take the seat beside him. He tittle knew Lisbeth or he would have been aware that each word- he uttered, each sign he made, was rendering him mere and more distasteful to her. _ She hated Pierce Vaughan with a deep and bitter hatred, commencing at her first acquaintance with him and intensified by the dread she felt of. him when she became a ware that he was Clement Dunraven's foe. If he were going to add insult to injury by - making love to |jpr, there was no Baying to what lengths her fury, if not carefully guarded, might not lead her. The complications whioh had surrounded Lisbeth of late were making her very desperate, and it is dangerous for a man to play with a desperate woman even though that man be as clever as Pieroa Vaughan believed himself to be. She started back from his touch, tossing bis hand from her, as though a viper had stung her. $ 44 1 will not sit down," she said, 44 nor tell you aught of my affaire. You are a gentle man ; lam humbly-born, seeking to gain my livelihood by honest means. Compromising myself with a gentleman like you will not help me." 44 1 don't know that," he said, 41 yon are angry and do not see things clearly," or you would recognise that it is good to have a friend, even though that friend is an objec tionable gentleman like myself." 44 1 don't want any gentleman ; it is better to starve and be honest." 44 Yet i am not the only gentleman whose acquaintance you have made. Ah, Lisbeth, why should I be treated %rith a scorn you have not bestowed on " 44 On whom? What do you mean? You are taking strange liberties with my lowly position, bat you had best be careful, Mr Vaughan, I am not so unprotected as you think for." 41 Of course not. I forgot, your father has returned, and '' Whether it was with Sir Miles Berkeley or Sir Clement Danraven that he was going to link her, she did not stop to learn, for she in terrupted him with — 44 How do you know my father has re turned?'' 44 1 am not deaf. The whole of Coleshill is teeming with the news." She was white as ashes now, and held firmly tok chair for support. It was gall and wormwood to Lisbeth's proud nature to know that Jim Glendinning was her father, and that townsfolk should know he had re- . turned. 44 Well, you see, you may want a friend. Remember, too, that I am in the law, and that my knowledge and services are always yours to command. Come, Lisbeth, forgive til have angered yon. I am a sad bungler at winning a lady's favor, and if yon do not like the honied speeches, most women love, you shall have no more of them." She did not heed the latter part of his sen tence, but murmured: 44 What have I to do with the law ? Why should I want a lawyer to help me ?" It seemed as if Pierce Vaughan's offer was an evil omen, for if the law ever meddled with Y 2 — A1» 9 mm JI'WASMN ALAA wamU ' ii 1 T l_ _ _ _ llbUvIu o mm wv/uiu. yruvouiy 00 re | vealed which it Was the aim of her life to keep hidden. Nor could be have given her any reason why &? offered law services, eg he answered lighujr : 1 44 We none of us kuo wwhat we may waiffc—- I would merely impress on you that you have a friend in oase of need, and ask you to forget that my rash words have diapised you. Come, shake hands, will you not?" Somewhat reluctanUy sbe responded to his invitation and gave him her haud, feeling a very Jndas the while; for to have known v that he had gone away for ever to a distant- . " ' land, or that he had ceased to exist would- - have made Lisbeth truly thankful. This man her friend — ne ver — she regarded him as. her bitterest foe. His interest was most to be . dreaded in all the world, for was it not to his' interest to unravel the dark Secret ot her life, and use it for his advantage and her destruc tion. . - Having gained his point and forced her into giving him her. hand, Pierce Vaughan was loth to part with it. It was a shapely hand, and he held it with pleasure. Lisbeth wore no rings ; since she dared not wear the ring with whioh Clement Dunraven had wedded her, she would have none, though in her drawer upstairs, looked away with other valuables, were two or three that would have made the eyes of eveiy con noisseur in gems glisten. 44 If I bring yon a ring will yon wear it in remembrance of the compaot of friendship we have formal to-day r' ' asked Pierce, half afraid, nevertheless, of the mis war his temerity might call forth. And in truth he had once more roused her ire. - - » 44 Never !" she cried. 44 Rings are not for the tike of me, and yon are a bad man and a false friend to try and compromise me." 44 Rigid viriue ! Pattern of humanity ' Oh, Lisbeth Glendinning, how shall I ever win yon into believing in me?" he asked. 44 Let me be ; go your own way and I'll go mine. If ever I want yon 111 let yon know, that's best," replied, forcing herself into the oonoession of seeming to be friends with. him. 44 And may I not oome and see yon some times ?" i; VfJIAT DO YOU 2CEAN BY A OHOSS A BA.CKSi.IDEB " "What for ? It's no goodeither to you or roe that ye'n should be coming jbere. T?-am goingto turn this oottage into ahomefor babieB and old people, and to have gentle- v men about will be sadly In the way." Dojovl mean to say that I am. the only man who comes here to see- yon ?" " That, 1 guess, is my business, and not y our, if 1 answer roughly-; but -wishing to' be polite, I say 111 have no men dangling abont at alL The doctor and maybe the parson will be our only visitors." " And what about Sir Miles Berkeley ?" " He.is my grandfather's old master, and was left executor to his will. But he never hardly comes here. I don't know though why I should make these explanations to you. It isn't your affair, is it ?" " JSo, not altogether, but my deep interest in you makes me anxious as to your welfare. I hope Clement Dunraven has not wholly given you up since he married." There was a sickening feeling at Lisbeth's heart, and for a moment she felt as if she were going to faint. She managed, however, with a violent effort, to remain calm, but it was a crucial ordeal through whioh Pierce Vaughan was putting her. I never see Sir Clement," she said, in a dead-level voice, " but Lady Gertrude has been here once about an old woman for whom she wants a home. 1 wrote to Sir Clement .. "" stating what I intended to do, and his wife answered the letter in .person. Are yon satisfied?" lie was not, he was perplexed, but he 4id not tell her so. Could it be possible that after all there had never been anything between Clement Dunraven and this woman, that she was the rigid puritan she pretended. Impossible, the letter he found in the wood must have been from her; besides, various other incidents that he had noted pointed to their intimacy ; no, she was seeking to blind him, he most be doubly observant. Oacc she was in hiB power it would be his £ to decide whether he would win her and be silent, thus sacrificing his grudge against Clement, or whether he would let her go and embrace the opportunity to part Clement from his wife and possess himself of his rights. So great had become his infatuation for Bus woman who loathed him that he whs al ready wondering whether he would not give op fortune for sweet sake. It were vain to press his suit farther that day he, however, determined, and therefore rose to take his leave, telling her that not withstanding her desire to have "no danglers" he should look in when he was in Urn neighborhood and see how the home for first and second oMldhood was progressing. Thankful to be rid of him she accompanied him to the front door whioh she threw open to let him pass out. To her utter dismay and his no small de light, coming up the garden walk was Cle ment Duaraven. In the eyes of both men as they looked at each other was expressed natural hatred whioh they both so strongly felt, but usually strove to conceaL Clement Danraven.had just heard of the appearance of Jim Glendixming at Coleshill, hence the reason of this rash act. - He was anxious to discover if it were true, and if it would make any difference to his be loved Lisbeth. " Qui 8'excuse s'aceuse," as says the French proverb. He began an explanation about Lady Gertrude and a message which Pierce Vaughan in no wise believed, but shrugging : his shoulders he walked away more resolved than ever to fathom the mystery that en shrouded Lisbeth and his cousin. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 