THE MILLERS AND RESTORE SISTANT WHEATS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRISBANE COURIER. Sir,-I notice in your issue of yesterday a very fair and appreciative, editorial leader on the work which has been done by our Rust Conference. At the end of your article you express wonder why our proposed conference with the editors should be delayed for two years. The following extract from a paper I read at the conference will give you an idea of the attitude of the millers (of the general attitude of the millers, at any rate,, of the Southern colonies) toward the producer and of the difficulty we shall have in consequence in dealing with the millers : " I may say that our Australian wheats-the South Australian wheats I am specially referring to-first gained their hold on the English market in consequence of the possess- ing qualities which they are acknowledged down to no longer- possess. Richness in gluten was a quality for which they were remarkable in the early days, while the soils of that colony were still comparatively virgin, and had not become deficient in vegetable matter ; but as soon as frequent tillage and exposure to the hot sun had caused the vegetable matter in them to be burnt up and exhausted those soils could no longer supply nitrogen enough to varieties of wheat that wanted it for making much gluten in the grain; the consequence of this was that the good old sorts had to be replaced by inferior varieties which were less exacting of nitrogenous food in the soil, and could win the bulk of the substance of their grain from the air alone. As the other colonies have received practically all their wheats from South Australia; it is in this way that it has come that we find ourselves growing wheat. whose berries are little more than mere balls of starch, attractive indeed in the highest degree to the eye, as worthless things too often are, but far too deficient in the special elements which give to wheat its superior value as a food. The difficulty we have now to face is that our millers have been used for so long a time to these degenerate sorts, and have become so accustomed to the routine work of dealing with soft starchy wheats, that they look aghast and are frightened by its hardness, when they see a really good wheat given to them to deal with. Things have been made . worse by the fact that until now the millers have always been able to have their own way so easily and have had no trouble of getting out of the difficulty by pronouncing a hard wheat, whenever it has been submitted to them, to be of inferior milling quality. It is in this way, that wheats, which are in reality of superior milling quality and possess additional value on account of their being fairly rust resistant, have been brushed aside by the millers and kept out of cultivation. Little, as a rule, rio tim millers care whether the flour they make and sell is really good strength sustaining food, so long as it is white and attractive and they can make plenty of it from a bushel of grain with the least possible call on their capacity or effort. Flour that it white and attractive can be made from wheats of any colour, for it is the bran which gives to a what its colour. If a flour made from a red wheat is loss white in colour than that made from a white, it is only because the matter is wanting in skill. The opinion I am giving in regard to millers and their attitude towards wheat-growers is not mere conjecture. I have now had a pretty large experience of millers' opinions of the milling qualities of different wheats, and from the conflicting and inconsistent verdicts which have come under my notice, I have come to place very little value on a millers' opinion of wheat, and have ceased to be disquieted when it is unfavourable. So often, in fact, has it happened that a wheat I have known to be in reality of first-rate milling quality has been pronounced by a miller to whom it has been submitted to be inferior for milling, that whenever I receive an unfavourable opinion of wheat I feel inclined, unless I have good reasons for thinking the opinion to be a correct one, to suspect the capacity of the miller giving it. I am also in the habit of accepting favourable opinions of wheats far more readily than I do unfavourable ones. This is because so many illegitimate reasons exist for such opinions being made to be unfavourable. The above opinions in regard to millers and their ways of acting have been submitted to a gentleman who was brought up to their business and is familiar with it, and he assures me that facts entirely justify them. I shall give an illustration. The wheats which I had to be those which are most consistently resistant of rust in my own district, and in my own colony generally, are the Fines and varieties of the Fife type, such as the various Fires, Hornblende, Blount's Lambrigg, Defiance, At Those are the wheats which, are most used for soap-making, and are preferred before others at Minneapolis, which may fairly be considered to be the milling capital of the world. I have on several occasions received samples of these wheats which have been grown in America, and after plant- ing part of the sample, I have compared the grain I have grown from them with the American grown sample. From those com- parisons, not made once or twice only, but several times, I have become satisfied that we can grow, in my own district at any rate, as well as in many other parts of my colony, the Fife wheats at least as well as they are grown in America and yet, in the face of the above facts, whenever I submit a sample of a Fife wheat to one of our millers, in nine cases out of ten he pronounces it to be inferior or even worthless for milling." Now, Sir, you will understand why it is that we consider it desirable that we should have time before the conference with the millers is held to collect such an array of facts and information as will enable us to brush aside all illegitimate reasons the millers (who, by the way, are master hands at laying down the law may bring against the production of such ghosts as we believe to have the highest intrinsic food value, and to be the safest and best for the farmer to grow. We feel also, and indeed know, that scientific investigations in connection with ascertaining what the qualities really are which cause no wheat to be superior to another for breadmaking are to be undertaken during the next two years, and we have great confidence that if the conference is deferred until two years from now, we shall then be in possession of far more complete information than we possibly could be if the conference were held earlier. -I am, sir, etc., WILLIAM FARRER. A club in Berlin, called the Giants, admits to membership only men who are over six feet in height. 