The Storyteller. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] The Exile's Daughter (A NOVEL), [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XI.—ON GUARD. BY JOSEPH HATTON. Author of "By Order of the Czar," "Cruel London," "Three Recruits," "Under the Great Seal," &c.;, &c.; Within a fortnight Geoffrey Lathkill was as well known at Castleton as if he had lived there for years. He had settled down in the house with the iron gates, the grass plot, and the flower garden; and Mrs. Midwinter deolared ■he had never had so oharming a tenant. Her two maids were almost as complimentary about Mr. Lathkill's valet and man-of-all-work who had arrived at Oaatleton on the third day of Lathkill's visit with all kinds of luggage— easels, sketching tents, and what not. Mrs. Midwinter's drawing-room had been turned into a studio. It faced north and south, and thus possessed the artist light Mr. Lathkill desired. Two of the windows that gave upon the lawn were draped, but a glass doorway at the northern end was left open; and here the •ye fell upon the greenest turf adorned with,the brightest flowers, the whole shnt in by a high wall which in its turn was excluded from the ■kpr by the hill that overlooked Oavedale. Mrs. Midwinter made every possible concession in regard to the rearrangement of her house, for Lathkill was not only amiable but a liberal pay master. At first she was not sure whether it was quite the right thing for Adser Blythe to visit her tenant alone, even if only for the purpose of sitting for her portrait. The question had been debated by Zodaok Bradford, and had been protested against by Lewis Tregarron. Mrs. Blythe saw no objection; Adser could take oare of herself; and Geoffrey had spent more during one day at her Museum than any visitors throughout a whole season. Geoffrey would take his sherry and bitters one day at the Nag'a Head, the next at the Wheat Sheaf; he had Bat in the Bmokeroom of the Castle at night; and he had patronised the general trade of the place. He was never tired of visiting the lions of the locality, and bad sat for the hoar together sketching God's factory. The only man he did not get on well with was Tregarron; though he disliked a certain Staley Brent wood almost as much as Tregarron did. Sol Tidser amused him, and at the same time saddened him. There was something fateful, he thought, about the little Crooked chap who turned up in odd" curious ways at unexpected times, and his ohaunt of " Alter many roving years" seemed to imply a meaning that was certainly not intended. It WM aa if Sol knew Geoffrey's secret passion for Adaer Blythe, and noted it as the denouement of a world of wandering and easy oonqaest, to meet his match in this child of Nature, this woman of the.people. Sol had no suob fanoy; his aong, as we know, was a reminiscence of his friend and patron Jessop Blythe. Geoffrey's conscience troubled him a little, though it is only fair to say that he had no set design . against Adser nor any seriously formulated intentions one way or the other, but he per mitted himself to become fond of the girl, while he honeßtly tried to make believe that he was fascinated with the historic and artistic attractions of Castleton. Geoffrey and Adaer had already had many a quiet talk. Sometimes be found her at leisure in the Museum. Now and then he strollel into the Cavern, but mostly when other people were there. Nevertheless, he made opportunities for ehai. Once he had met her near the Gate of the Winds, and she had walked with him thence over the top of Mam Tor in the direction of Peveril's Oastle. It was during this pleasant ramble that Geoffrey in a bantering way asked her if Bhe had ever had a sweetheart— /'besides Mr. Tregarron," with a smile which ahe did not like. " I wonder why you ask me saoh a foolish question,"'she replied; "do yon suppose it is a compliment ?" "Well, no," said Geoffrey, taken a little abaok. 41 It's a kind of question lads oat for the day ask lasses they meet at teetotal trips from Buxton and other places." " Is it?" said Godfrey, amused. " What if I should ask you a question of that kind ?" Bhe said. • " Well, I should endeavour to* answer you to the best of my ability," he replied. Ad6er hated to have Mr. Lathkill speak to her as if he thought her one of the ordinary silly frivolous lasses that she allowed were common enough in shops and bars and such like places. Spite of her lowly station and her unconventional manners she was just as proud in her way as the best lady in the land. Not only in words but in her sudden silences, in protesting "Ohs," in her quick repartee, and by an occasional toss of her head she gave Geoffrey to understand that if they were to be friends he must treat her with reapeot and con sideration; for the more she found herself liking him, the farther indeed that she drifted into love with him, the more exacting she became on this score of courtesy. * "Very well, then," she said, looking at him with an aroh flash of her eloquent eyes, " have you ever had a sweetheart ?" "Tea, one," he said with acted demureneas. "Only one?" she asked, railing a cross examining forefinger. " Only one, in earnest," he replied. j^And where is she now?" "Bui>*lM is not your sweetheart now?" _JUse^tsH/l with a little hurry of increased " Oh," said Adser with an unmistakable sigh of relief. "She was a beautiful girl," said Geoffrey in something of his former tone of banter. " Of course," said Adser. ♦•A lovely figure." "No doubt," said Adaer. ••The loveliest hair." "Had she really 1" said Adser with a little ■Doffing laugh. "And she could sing divinely." "I shouldn't wonder," said Adser; " and how came you to let her slip ?" "I don't know what she had to her fortane, bat quite a large sum," Baid Geoffrey, not noticing Adser's last question. "I wonder that didn't decide you," said Adaer sharply. "Oh, then, you think I would marry for money?" "If you wouldn't you're a grand exception from all I've heard of men making up to rioh lasses and widows wi' brass." • "Brass?" said Geoffrey. •• Money, it's all the same," said Adser, " we oall it brass i' the Peak." "I'm aorry you have suoh a poor opinion of me," said Geoffrey, pretending to be hurt. "Nay, I dare say you may be the exception to money- marriers; you're an exception in so many other ways; but what became of yonder lass, you're only sweetheart wi' the fine figure, the lovely hair, and the divine voice?" "I'm afraid she joined the Salvation Army," Geoffrey replied, onoe more his natural self, with that little suggestion of banter, however, that troubled Adser, beoanse it seemed like " making fan of her." He pleased her moßt when he was serious and talked what she called sense, and told her about some of the wonders he had seen beyond the seas. "What! Wi' a tambourine and a great hulking fellow banging the drum under her aristocratic nose!" Adser exclaimed. " I can't quite say whether it had drums and tambourines in it, bat it was some kind of a Salvation Army. I know that I wouldn't take the shilling and become a recruit: so we oouldn't agree about it, and " " Don't you think you should tell that story to the marines, as our Zodack Bradford would ■ay?" " To the marines?" repeated Geoffrey, smiling at the familiar phrase, that sounded oddly on Adser'a lips. " Yes." " And who are your marines in Castleton ?" " Nay, don't ask me; Zodaok will tell you. Bat you seem to be in one of your funny whims to-day." * "No, I don't think so; if it is not exaotly true to tbe letter abont that Bweetheart of mine and the Salvation Army, at all events she had Buoh strange ideas of evangelisation and giving up all one's life to the work of the Master, and so on, that I found if ever I made up my mind to marry her that I should be a very seoondary person in the partnership, so it was off. Not, mind yon, Miss Blythe, that I was really in • love; no, and have never been that I know of; though it is rather suspioious this long stay I km miking in Castleton, eh ?" Adser did not reply, but walked on by his Bide silently. Then he atttenoped to take her hand, which she resented with a flashed face, and harried on as if she would leave him. " Don't go, Mian Blythe. You promised to show me the way, you know." " Yonder'a Sol Tidser," she said. •• He'll show you," and thereupon running towards Sol, who was sitting with a book in a grassy undu lation of the mountain walk, she called oat, Sol taking no notice sh&.gave out her signal whistle, that was something like a boatswain's oall, and Sol looked up and was on his crooked legs in a moment. 11 Sol, here's a job for yon," she said. " Mr. Lathkill wants you to show him the way to the Castle—not Oastle Hotel—Peveril'B, and down t'other side beyond Cavedale, and into the highway." "All right; I'm your msn, sir," he said, running baok to Lathkill; while Adser, without another word, fairly flew along the ridge, and soon disappeared beyond the remains of the onoe gloomy fortress, where suddenly recon noitring the oountry far and near, now shading her eyes, and now lying down as if to listen, she dropped down by the side of a bit of jutting orag, then sat still a little while, and finally, in a most mysterious way, slid out of sight altogether. Old Muoklethorpe was not surprised while going his rounds with a party of visitors from Liverpool to meet Adser coming from the furthermost end of the Gave. It was a trick the had often played him. Ho never could guess how it was done; and on this occasion he was so pleased to see her that he did not trouble to say that he had not seen her go into the Cavern, and nobody except himself had the key. She had deserted the post of volunteer guide bo long that he could only exclaim, " I am glad to see thee, lass; Ido hope jo'll help me agin wi* visitors ; I'm sore put to it wi'out yo'." Adser only laughed, and said she'd see about it; but just then she had other things to attend to. What other things did not transpire. Adser simply walked quietly home, went to Zodaok's room, sat in an easy ohair that he called her throne, and watched him chasing with a tine-pointed needle a piece of shining mineral that was whirling round and round on his lathe like an impaled deathahead moth; and Adser felt as if her own heart was being ■imilarly tortured. Gha*tkb Xll.—Adbir Blithe Sits fob Hsb PoaiiuiT. It was quite a week after this inoident of the walk over Mam Tor before Geoffrey bad induced Adser to sit for him in bis extemporised studio at the Laurels. Be bad done everything in his power to regain her friendship, though he hardly knew how he had offended her. Onoe or twice he had made sketches of her at the entranoe of the Cavern, when he had also been studying, or professing to study, the general effects of the scene. Onoe he had introduced Tregarron into a group of the ropers, and hoping to conoiliate the Welshman had shown him the result, but Tregarron only scowled at it, and remarked that a photograph was good enough for a rope-maker. Geoffrey was delighted when it was settled that Adser should Bit for him. He had begun to feel that a day without a talk with the girl was a lonely business. By no means unso phisticated in the art and praotice of flirtatioo, he nevertheless hardly knew how firmly this girl of the Cavern had taken hold of bis fanoy, and how deep an impression she was making on bis heart. The truth is he did not think about it. She amused him. It was a new pleasure to talk to so fearless yet bo timid a girl, and one who was so naturally and tinafleotedly beautiful. She seemed to lead him on, and when, as he thought, he was surely winning her confidence she would suddenly fly out at him, or sulk, or run away, juat as she had done that day on the mountain. But Adser was quite unoonsoious of leading him on. She had no subtle plan of making him love her; but she was impressing him in a way that kept her continually in his thoughts. He had quite looked forward to her visit to the Laurels. When she arrived he plotted all kinds of subjects for conversation. He liked to hear her talk. Even the blemish of her dialect did not affect him unpleasantly. He found a peouliar musio in' her voioe. Her laugh was genuine and mirthful, and her teeth fairly shone when she was merry. Geoffrey had" never seen a complexion so healthfully pale. It had nothing in common with the aneemio poverty of blood that accompanies the pallor of the Londoner. Her lips were red, her eyes bright; and now and then a flush stole into the fair cheeks that to Geoffrey seemed perfectly beautiful. Adser was sitting near an open window partly shielded from the morning sun by an outer blind. She was dressed as Geoffrey had wished —in the brown serge and old-fashioned sun bonnet in which the artist had first seen her. They had chatted about various things while Geoffrey was busy getting his easel and his palette ready. He was purposely dawdling, and Adser was in a good talking humour. Presently, taming from the weather and the opposition Adser had encountered at home on Geoffrey's proposal that she should sit to him, he asked her who was the remarkable person they oalled Soarthin Blytbe. "Ob, he's a queer lot," said Adser! "he'a my unole. Where have you seen him ?" " One day coming out of the Cottage, and on another occasion going into the tumbledown old place they call the Travellers' Best. The swinging sign is still there, bat I didn't notice much in the way of rest for travellers; even the sign was creaking in a very doleful way." "Yes," said Adßer, "it's generally a bit windy there; it's a rum kind of place, Soartbin's smithy." 41 Ob, do they call it a smithy 7" "Some folks do; he's got a bit of a black smith's shop at the baok, where he shoes hia own horses. Oh! he'a a hard lot is Scarthin Blythe; I don't know that any of my family's much to boast of; but even Granny Blythe can't stand Scartbin, though they say he's v rich as a Jew ; he's Rotten his hand on many a poor farmer's homestead I've heard say; but I don't know much about him ezoept that when he speaks to me I feel bb if somebody was walking over my grave. Jblh, but you should go through Winnatts at night; they call it Gate o 1 the Winds, you know; and there's been no end of murders done there. Last man killed there, however, was years and years ago; he was in a Glossop bank; he was running away with stolen money; his horse went over a nasty bit right into the Winnatts and he broke his neok; old Soarthin married hiß widow a month or two after, and made a drudge of her, and she looks as much like a ghost as a real boggart, they say, though I've only seen her about twice. I've heard a deal about boggarts, but I never saw one; I don't believe in 'em; if there'd been such things I should have oome across one for oertain in the Cavern. Eh, but lam chattering; I've never talked so much to anybody as I have to you, not even to Zodack Bradford." "I like to hear you talk," said Geoffrey; " besides, you have bo much to say that ia interesting to a stranger." "I dare say; I often think Oastleton and hereabouts must seem very queer to visitors, especially if they stay long enough to get to know all about the place." " It is a very romantic village," said Geoffrey, " and the people are what you call mostly characters. Now there's Staley Brentwood; what is he ?" said Geoffrey as he squeezed ft freßh tube of colour upon his palette. " He lives retired," Adser replied. "Lives retired?" repeated Geoffrey in quiringly. 41 He was in the Derby police and married a widow with money." 44 And why does Mr. Tregarron dislike him so much ?" "There are folk a man can't help bating; Zodack says it's their nature." i "But was there not something about his being willing to risk his life for you ?" " Who told you that ?" 44 Muoklethorpe." m," H, el a re«alar old woman for gossip, Muoklethorpe," said Adser, her eyes bent upon Geoffrey's palette, whioh was by this time radiant with oolour. 44 He seems a very amiable old fellow," said Geoffrey. " Oh, he's all right." " But how was it that he was willing to ■acriflce himself?" * "Oh, it was just nothing; the Cavern was noodea, and they thought I wsb in Boger Bain's house and couldn't get oat; and Staiey Brentwood volunteered to go after me, and be hadn't got as far as first dip in the. Cavern when he was washed out like a drowned rat." Adser laughed heartily at the memory of Staiey's appearance on that memorable ocoasion. It was a musical laugh. Geoffrey thought he had never heard a laugh so genuine and so fuU of the enjoyment of life. 41 And where was Tregarron ?" " Talking politics with Zodaok Bradford." •« And you ? Were you in the Cavern ?" " That's telling," said Adser with a little nod of the head, implying mystery. * " And is it ever siaoe Staiey wanted to save your life that the member for Wales hated him ?" "They always snarled at each other," said Adser; " but didn't Zodaok tell you that old Mrs. Brentwood was jealous of Staiey because he went and half drowned himself ?" Adser laughed again as site asked this, to her, most ridiculous question, pausing in the middle of her merriment to offer the comment of "Just fancy anybody thinking about Htaley Brentwood; 60 if he's a day, and with a nose in everybody's business; they Bay he was the most ferreting Bergeant of police that was ever known in Derby, always finding something out whioh there was nothing at the bottom of. He spends most of his time wi' county police in the Peak and spies on folk for them." " Now then, I am quite ready," said Geoffrey, placing a chair upon the platform for Adser; " willjou oblige me by taking this seat ?" He offered bis hand to her, but she stepped upon the dais unassisted, and sat down as if this was by no means her first experience of portrait painting. " Thank you," said Geoffrey. " Have yon ever sat to an artist before ?" "Do they call photographers artists ?" she asked with a little hesitation. "The photographers call themselves artists," said Geoffrey. "But you don't," said Adser, still a little embarrassed. " Hardly," said Geoffrey. "I once had a photograph taken for Zodack J* Buxton ; he liked it; I thought it was hate- Geoffrey moved towards her with a view to pose her, but observing a certain stand-offish manner in the way she looked at him he merely stood below the platform and directed how she should sit. He found her apt in her interpre tation of his maaning, and began to make a rough ctayon sketch of her. " We can talk while I work all the same," he said, noticing a somewhat fixed expression spreading over her otherwise mobile features. "Very well," she said, putting on what Geoffrey called her submissive manner, whioh was one that came at intervals when she was puazled or very muoh interested. "I mentioned Tregarron just now," he said, "By the way, I don't think he likes me much.* " Oh, he's a charaoter, you know," she said, recovering her habitual manner. "It doesn't do to take muoh notice of what he says; some folks think too much before they speak; aome think too little; Tregarron doesn't think at all, be outa with whatever comes into hit mind." "He likes you very much ?" " Well, I've never done anything to make him go against me that I know of," said Adser; " we've been brought up together, as you may say." " But they tell me he doesn't aspire to be your brother." " How do you mean aspire?" 11 He has higher hopes." "Oh, Tregarron has atl manner of fads; wants to ae'j life, he Bays; has had thoughts of being a missionary; Bays he envies ray father who ran away to foreign lands. But there's soft heads in Castleton who make out that he Bhould be a member of Parliament like Duke's eon. Such rubbish!" " He's a olever fellow, eh ? Can make a good spceoh ? Doesn't he write poetry ?" "Lewis Tregarron knows more than most; but when you come to ' Lord Ullin'a Daughter,' •Mary tho Maid of the Inn,' and ver-es of that kind, Tregavron's only a rope- maker after all." "A. very good rope-maker, but not a very good poet, eh?" " Havo you heard him say the speeob, ' Ruin seize thee, ruthless king' ?" 11 No ; is it very stirring?" "It isn't bad, and ' Men of Harleoh'—well, that isn't up to much, but it wants singing, he says. Have you heard him sing?" " No. I have a great many pleasures to come, I find." "Oh, I don't know about pleasures, but they say my father was the man to sing, and Zodack ■ tells of his whistling like a blackbird." "He's coming home, they say." " Grandmother's heard that story any time this two or three year." " Rioh, they Bay." " I wonder he dare show his faoe in Castle ton," Adser replied with a slight drop of the corners of her mouth. " Oh, but he is your father," said Geoffrey, pausing in hin pretended work to look at her. "Yes, that's it; and he left mother to die and me to be dragged up anyhow. A nice lather that! And if it hadn't been for dear owd Zodack Bradford, Nannie Blytbe would have brought me up with a stick. Zodack had many a row with her about it; but that's long Binoe. She has to be content to gave me the length of her tongue now instead of her staff." " You've had rather a hard life, my poor girl," said Geoffrey in a tone of pity. "Oh I no, I haven't. I've had a very good life as things go. I'm not to be pitied. I don't know anybody that I envy, and nobody that I'd change plaoes with." Adser drew herself up proudly, and Geoffrey teas quick to say, " My dear Mies Biythe, I don't commiserate you, I admiro you. I don't know when I have seen a young lady whom I admire so much." "Oh, don't call me a young lady," said Adser, the flush on her face dying away to ..paleness. " I'm no young-lady ; young ladies don't get up at 5 in the morning, and make fire and get breakfast:ready, and sweep up,,and be guides to cavorna, and go tramping about lanes find hills, and such like." "There are girls who cannot help being ladieß though they are born to drudgery. Do you ever read fairy tales ?" " I've read ' Cinderella,' and ' Diok Whitting ton,' and * Jack'; and Zodack has read some of 'Midsummer Night's Dream' to me—that beats them all, doesn't it?" " Yes, I think it does," said Geoffrey, sur prised at the answer. "Bottom! Oh! isn't he great? If he'd been a bit mean he'd have been something like Stftley Brentwood—and, oh! you must get Zodaok to chaff Tregarron about Parson Hugh and that other fairy tale, or do you call it a play ? Yes, I know a comedy; it's got Tre garron out of Baying ' Look you,' and ' Indeed to goodness,' Zodaok says. It's where Llewellyn says he was born at Monmouth, and makes out it was where Alexander the pig was born, that Bets Tregarron going, and Bometimes he's real mad with Zodaok, but they come round after a bit, and then Zodack gets him to say, ' Ruin seise thee, ruthless king, confusion on thy banners wait,' and it's enough to make a eat laugh." " It must indeed," said Geoffrey, delighted with the girl's gossip. " Mr. Bradford is your idea of a fino man?" "How do you mean a fine man ?" she asked. "A fine character, a man to make a friend Of," said Geoffrey. " Oh, he's a man of a thousand, is Zodack/ 1 she replied. " It's a wonder he never married." "It would have been a wonder if he had. Who'd he have been likely to marry ? Besides, he's an old man." " Not so very old. Besides, he was young once." " Yes," she replied thoughtfully, " of course, though I cannot imagine Zodack ever being young—that is gadding about, blackberrying, nutting, or wading in the streams for fish; he must always have had old ideas." " Yet he is lively enough, and nimble, too." " Lively! I should think he was, he's the life and soul of Castleton; and as for being nimble, he can get about faster than grand mother without a stick. And you should hear them have a bit of a squabble; doesn't he get the better of her! He told her one day she was like a millwheel that ran all day long and ground nowt, and I dare say you've noticed that about her, how she goe3 on; talk, talk, talk, and after all says nothing, unless it is some nasty thiug that angers you ; I mean none of it's any gooc*. Now I jinow what you're thinking; I can see it,-in the way you're smiling. You tbink I've' got a long tongue of my own; pot calling the kettlo black." " No, indeed," said Geoffrey, " I like to hear you talk, you're bo frank, and you're voioe is sweet." "Thank you," said Adser with a mook bow of her handsome head. " You'll be asking me to sing next." " You told me you could not sing, and I have asked you to whistle," said Geoffrey, smiling. "I only whistle when I'm giving signals to Muoklethorpe, or walking by myself down in the valley, or up above Pevertl Castle." "I wish I might go on one of those rambles with you," said Geoffrey as if he were speaking to himself. " You'd set Castleton talking if you did," said Adser, " and I don't know that I haven't given them points enough for gosßip aa it is in sitting for my portrait; they all know about it." " Do you care ?" " Not 1," said Adser; " I've flown in the faoe of Castleton many a time." "Indeed ; in what way?" " Oh, in many ways; in the way I've dressed my hair, and walking out of ohurch onoe in the middle of the sermon. Who's going to be talked to as if one was dirt by a curate on a pound a week?" " I ooi-tainly would not," said Geoffrey. Then there was a pause, during which Adser wondered why getting ready to begin painting took bo long, and if it always oonsumed bo muoh time why Mr. Lathkill did not get ready before she arrived. "Won't you tell me something else?" Geoffrey asked presently. "I oan't think of anything just now; you said you'd tell me something about that young lady that you think is the same that Mr. Jerry Bray wa3 tolling us abouc being in Sheffield when he was there, and they say is coming through Peak with her banner and her Binging women." " Yes, I will tell you all about her with pleasure, but another time; I want you to sit quietly now for a little while." " Very well," said Adser. "I don't mean to insinuate that you have not been sitting quietly all the time." " Oh!" said Adser. " We will go on with our chat soon." " Very well," said Adser. " Are you ready to bagin ?" "Yes," said Geoffrey, stepping up to the platform. " Permit me. Turn your head a little this way, please." He laid his hand upon her shoulder, a familiarity, slight as it was, that she let him understand by a glance of her. expressive eyes she dd not like. "Pardon me," said Geoff ey, who understood the silent protest as well as if it had been ex pressed in the most emphatio words. It passed through her mind that quite reoently when Tregarron had suddenly kissed her she had felt something like the annoyance that Geoffrey had set up when she found his hand upon her shoulder, and yet there was no flutter of the heart in her anger with Tre garron, whose faoe she had promptly slapped. Somehow the touoh and the look of Geoffrey Lathkill hurt her. To her curiously sensitive nature it was an affront. For a whole half hour she did not speak, and Geoffrey's spirits fell. " It's raining," were her first words after the long interval, during which Geoffrey had painted seriously, and without ceasing, " and I must have been here for hoars. I oan't stop any longer now." She rose abruptly, picked up a large sun bonnet which she had taken off on entering the room, and made straight for the door. "I have not offended you?" said Geoffrey anxiously, and following her, palette in hand. " No," she answered; " bat I can't stay any longer." " You'll get wet. Let me give you an um brella." " No, thank you. I've no use for umbrellas," she said, and was gone without looking back. Geoffrey went to the door, and watohed her disappear along the path towards the Lapidary's Cottage. She ran through the summer storm, her short skirts flying behind her, and showing her neat ankles, her flapping bonnet looking like a pair of Mercury's wings against her head. Geoffrey sighed as he stood watohing her; and when he turned to re-enter the house, from which the sign, " To Let Furnished," had been taken down on the second day of his arrival at Castlcton, Mr. Lewis Tregarron, the Welsh man, came up to him from the opposite direc tion. " A word with you, Mr. Lathkill," said the young man in a peremptory manner. "By all meanß," said Geoffrey. " Step this way." [TO TiE CONTINUED.] 