THE DOCTOR'S CAT. FELINE MATERIALISATION IN .FITZROY. Rond.ra nkillod in tlio lnro of fairy talci will TBmnnbor how frcqtiehlly t)i, .pirlt. of tliirm- bodiod prinoes nnd prlnseMn tnkn refug, in the elapa nf oete until eoma fortunate event enables them to lemime their human form. Thoee alio drilled In ilemnnoloev and witchcraft can. not forget the important part the eat play, in til, rotinne of Heeata'a servant., hut tlia opjioarance of n eat an a Mahattna ia something truly novel. Thorc 1.1, however, good rtaaon for believing tha attention which the recent l.eturaa of Jir«. Bciant upon Theo«ophy liave attracted hna fallen upon fertile aoil, and that a hitherto inejplloftbl ciroumatnnce is in a fair way of being oluoidatad. In order to understand the remarkable appearnneo which ie at present agitating Theoiopblcn! olrolea in Melbourne, it will be neceeeary to reoapltillati) pertain curious facts that lmva taken place, but wliioli have only recently received the attention they de- nerve. About 12 year ago a well known pbysioinn, residing in Fitzroy, found a cat one , morning in Ilia garden. Tide discovery wan not by itself either unusual or oxtrnordinnry, but, unlike thu majority of trespassing enti, this pnrtieulnr one declined to obey the doctor's mandate and be gone. The terriers, also, who accompanied their maater in hie .troll, and whose boHtillty. to the feline r»co was unap- non.ihle. slunk away a, if awed by serr.esuptricr power. Tbe dootor'e attention was attracted by those unusual oireumstancae, and ha soon saw that hit visitor wae no ordinary cat. Hie form wns remarkable for its elegant symmetry, his ey, col in, ids gait majestic nnd his dem.anor dignified. He followed tho doctor into tho house without any hesitation, nhd established himself as if he had spent hia whole life there. I.ittic by little Ida peculiarities showed them selves. He was an admirable mouser, lint would never kilt Ids prey until the dootor whs present. He would lie for hours patiently out side tho bedroom door waiting with tha captured mouse, and at last when tbe pitysioian mnda Ids appearance lie would slowly put his victim to dentil drawing the doctor's attention to the details of the operation, as if ho would say, "You and I are licensed to break the sixth commandment." He would accompany the doctor nnd Ills dogs in their morning walk, at times "sprinting" on a littio In front, chewing a bind of grass, and then following close nt heel. But' he would not brook the slightest attempt at familiarity, and if anyone took him on his knee, ha would at mice jump down again. In hie conduct towards other eats lie showed tho anmo dignity, never mixing in their pastimes, nor leaving hie own garden. For him there wcru no knightly tournaments on the top of ndjacont. wails, no noisy diiouiBionn in the follne forum, no quarrelling over tho charms of any Dulolnen. Sometimes a young oat would presume upon hia apparent good uaturc nnd disturb his aiesta as ho lay basking on a sunny window sill. But tin impertinent intruder soon ropontod his audaolty end retired discomfited with an soiling jaw. lu his food lie was particularly dainty. From tha ordinary morsel, of liver and lights furnished by tho family butcher ho Would turn up his noio in disgust, snd would touch nothing hut the freshest full nnd tho choicest piece uf stenlr. After some years, ill spite of hie ascetio life and careful habits, old nge liegan to tell upon this cat, and the doetor determined to put an end to his days nnd suflsriiign witli poison The drug wa> kindly aud skilfully applied, and Thomas brent lied his last. Few comes the extraordinary part of tho story. On the afternoon of tho dny on wliioli tho cat died, another cat was found ill tho same spot in the pardon whoro tho deceased had first been seen. In dignity, elegance, eir.o nnd shape lie was a perfect replica of his predecessor. The first cat, however, hod been a grey ; tho second was a pure black. The only difference be- twron tlio two waj color. In all other points, even in nsexuality, they were alike. At firsii the doctor thought ho was drenming, or that per haps he had only taken ono of the nino lives of lu. former pot, who had returned lnmentitig the loss of one life hy donning a suit of sables. But lie remembered that not only, had he killed his cat, but had in tho interests of science dissected it ; and iu such ciroumitanaes it could not have procured a Mew life like a poo! player by "starring" one. Ho was therefore compelled to h.iicve that tills was really another oat. But ovory doy the likeness between the cats became more nnd more strik ing, and thvir physical and pnyohologionl iden tity more oonvinolug. 'The doctor, although a man of strong uervua and great common sense, began to feci uncomfortable in tin presence of his visitor, who often fixed a reproachful glance upon liiro, as if in memory of the (toed which had deprived his prodeocssor of his life. Could it he possible that cat No. 2 was the ghost of cat No. 1 como baok to haunt ites murderer? This ond other uncomfortable ideas began to perplex the doctor ju.t about the time when Sirs. Bcssnt visited Melbourne and explained Iho aim and objeot of Mnhntmns. Iu Thoosophy tliero might iiuaaoxplivuationof tlio feline phonomenon -it might he that cats exist in the astral plane, and can he materialised in Melbourne just as Geordie ' or "Josephine" materialise, in Sydney. To discover whether iln-ro could be any foundation for such a bolirf tli. dootor con sulted somo of his Thcnsophicnl and Spiritual istic friends, and found tllut His supposition wna correct. Acoording lo those authorities, tho first cat wns a fclino Mnhnttnn, wiiose mission wna unfinished at tho time of his death, hut who Imd returned Immediately after dissolu tion to completo his work. Tho first eat had lived a good and holy life. Ho had thus acquired a right of ontranoe into the heaven of departed cats where mica nnd oanuriea nro abundant and wliero there are no terriers to worry, lint his great lienrt, filled with loyo for his unregenerata kinsfolk on earth, hd induced him, oven nfier peeping through the gates, to return to earth, nnd hy his example Uack other cats to give up their had habits and «iu« fit themselves for the abode of bliss. It wis pointed out in support of thi. explanation that tiie (hit nppcaranco of thu oat had been contemporaneous with tho nrrirni of a ship captain from tlm myatio Enet at n neighboring hotel, and that It wae highly probable tho cat had accompanied him. Ae to the appear- ones of the second oat, there wav 110 difficulty in these dsya of materialisations. Everyone Inowj that the atmosphere contains all tho dement, present in the body of a man or a cat. There wns no rencon, therefore, why tho spirit form of th? firat oat hIiouU not procure ol! tho nscemry ingredient! of % oafc In the Fitzroy (Mm intl reappear before the antoniuhed owtur. The diflfaroncc in color in easily Rplaitioi, for evidently the Fitzroy air due not WKitain tho needful pigment to make a grey cat, '9 tlio second one turned out blaok, which, aa Dciyono know, is ineroly tlio nhnonce of all colore. Thi ourioua oaa« i dividing attention fiti Mr. Mellon in Theosophianl circles, and the doctor has been urged lo ulny cat No. 2, in wderto see whether it will matorlfiliio into cib A3. Thi lino of Investigation is said to be wpiwtcd by the Ttiple Reform League, the nUT i ,los extstonce )mh hitherto been a ystery, but which now has a subject worthy of wi mighty intellects of Us members. 