'T'X-H.jS ' For tht cask th-t Uicki Mbtasoe rnr tn. iTroni? tbtt Bo«U «*!««? .a. For tVt fatort |D the dMuw SSL 4nd U» good tb»t we au «».' ^V SATURDAY, JUNE .9, 1894. AS YOU WERE. The King of France, it is said, and forty thousand men, marched up a hill and then marched down again. Like this potent monarch, the share holders of the Queen rolled up in full force at a meeting to do wonders, and then dispersed, after doing nothing, and without forming a ghost of an idea as to what they were to do next. As they seem so utterly at a loss as to what they ought to do, and as the welfare of one of the best properties of Zeehan is ft part of the general business of Zeehan whose interest the Press ought to look after, it is our duty once more to tell them what to do. They ought to do what we have got into trouble with them for telling them to do, that is to see that the mine is worked on mining principles, with the object of raising ore profit ably. We have had occasion to criti cise the action of directors ere this for working the mine for what deemed scrip purposes, by devoting to divid ends what should have been expended in developmental work, and also for making their former mine manager give up bis plans of conducting such work. For this we have been refused permission to visit the mine, and their present manager, seeing Hie trend of their ideas, proceeded to satisfy them by making promises which no one in ' the know ' expected him to perform, and also by keeping their expectations up to concert pitch as long as he could by raising ore torn out by the hair of its head without doing anything to open up fresh supplies at a depth in the main lodes. His policy we re frained from criticising, bat now that the shareholders seem inclined to mix with a grain of salt the reports they so thoughtlessly swallowed, we advise them to see that the directors io their business. That business is simple. It is only to acquaint the mining manager- with the amount of money available for expenditure on the mine, and to satisfy themselves that his proposals for its expenditure are conducive to the profitable de velopment of tie mine; to pay cash on the nail without getting into debt, and to keep the mine manager rip to his assertions. This the directorsof the Queen have not done yet, but we trnst that one of the results of the informal meeting will be a formal meeting at which the shareholders will compel the directors to alter a policy which has continually led. with but slight fluctuations, to a needless depreciation of a valuable property. In short our advice is to shareholders to clear oat directors and mine man ager, lock, stock, and barrel. The following unclaimed wires await their ownen :— G. MoGeergs, J, Burke, J- Lohrey. Much interest is being evinced la the forth coming entertainment 'On Deck' to be' given in aid of the Zeehan Bind and orchestral society next week, Mr Hamilton, representing several of the leading fire insurance compiniea of Hobart, Inspected the Zeehan Fin Brigade engine yesterday afternoon, eni was much surprised at the size and clean condition of same. Mr Hamilton advised keeping the engine more in the centre of the town, and was mneh pleased at the workmanlike condition the engine was kept in. Mr John Hamilton, M.H.A.. for Glenorohy, accompanied by his son, Mr O. Hamilton, merchant, of Hobart, who are at present on the field, visited the Western mine yesterday afternoon, being courteously shown over the property by Mr J. Provia, the mine manager. Mr Hamilton expressed his surprise at the amount oi work done on the company's pro perty, and after a thorough inspection felt more than ever convinced of the permanency of the Zeehan fields, and in the course of con versation with Mr Provis, in which the latter pointed oat the injustice we were Buffering under by the high railway tariff, promised to Msist by every means in his power attempts for the redaction nf the prasent exorbitant railway tariff. Mr Hamilton leaves (or Hobart to-day, being more than ever convinced by his visit of the permanency and settled character of Zeehan. , ? W. T. Tork and Co. have Borne very cheap groceries. Their apeeial prioa list for groceries, drapery, boots, etc, are published. Mean Craw Bros, and Creed have » f res stock of winter drapery and clothing, which they are selling at cheap prices for cash. Stubbings and Co. call attention to their special lines to-day in clothing of all descrip tions. Their prices are worth reading. Messrs Honiball and Farquhar, cash qrooers, call attention to their special brands of teai, and cheap groceries generally. - Dempster and Brooks are advertising a 'slaughter sale,' commencing to-day, owing to the firm having overbought different varieties of goods. Mr J. C. Harris reports having sold yester day, in Main.street, frontage block with buildings thereon, held under residence license, for £80, there being a good attendance of buyers. Sir 6. W. Margetts notifies that he has taken the premises lately occupied by Mr Armitage,and private sales of produce and general merohandise will be conducted there from 10 a.m. to 3 p m. Mr J. Smith, baker, notifies that be lias disposed of his business to Mr W. J. Heaps, and asks for a continuance of support to his successor. Accounts owing to Mr Smith are requested to be paid at once, and those owing by him must be presented before the 13th 