aEUlCTBIC «J?AJKK». What about that Mayor's nest. What's the tip for the football match to day. 'Shaughraun' »t the Excelsior on 29th inst. What about smokers and Bcinton and the cigar. Bazaar social Monday last A great anccess. The local brigade arrived at that fire before it went one ' Joe Morris was great on the tank question last Monday evening. Several little breezes at the Connsil meeting on Tuesday night. About that tip. It is likely to tip some of ns up shortly with typhoid. The Mayor can't hare Cr. Quinn np and down like the dog in a show. Morris very good .on 'Smoking.' What is his next paper ? Go on old boy. Dave, old fellow, how did yon like the ?whisky. It was better than the milk any I*-ok out for A.S.R. social ! Secure your tickets early, only a limited number avail* able. Don't wait for an eclipse Hancock is oomiog, bat ' Memoria Technics! ' is already here. Who Bhook hands with the ghost ? Was \- it the ghost of the young lady in the pill box or who! Katie dear they wonld'nt let you in. Who would have thought it. Where was JuliuB? ? . . - Joe. Morris denies that he ever said there . is any resemblance between the moon and s^,J|W«*'WMs.6.l,/t.Vj-iiVil.-,i V ....J^,'.;. ' - -v The -smokers 'were' ntterly routed at the '' last meeting of the Port Melbourne Debating Society. \- To be sung at the next choir -concert, 'When we two were wallflowers,' by our two leaders. There are four Hills* and four Siadaiia, members, and good ones too, of the Young Men's Institute Who gave instructions tofthat door keeper (!) and who is responsible for the shortage of tickets ? Chummy has commenced business on the Royal Handicap and Birthday Handicap. Straightout or place. The young man says that the old man is an old fossil, and ought to retire, or else he might get an electric shock. Cr. Tarrer says that the local Council is to be commended on being the first to introduce the minimum wage clauses. Who's the nine year old joker to he seen every evening near Graham- street. Tommy pass the cough drops please. ' Pass the tobacco smoke, please.'' This is to be the order at the next pound night of the Debating Society. Go and hear John Hancock on 'Socialism' next Monday, the 7th just., in the Supper room. A lively tame expected. Mr. Edwards nearly thrown hed-wards out of tile door for talking about chambers. Was it the Chamber of Commerce. Somebody remarked that there was a large number of lives lost at the fire. The nooses had been erected for about 35 years. The Youthful Help Tent, I.O.R., meets every Tuesday evening in the local Tem perance Hall. / Members please note. Wonderful bonuses given by the Citizen's Life Assurance Company- Gall and see Mr. OTorralL Further particulars next week. Wanted— Something livelier than dyna mite to move a certain conscientious door keeper for executing what he bditved to be his naty ! That ghost must have come from the land of bad spirits. It couldn't have had the J.D.K.Z. brand on it, for that is never materialized. 'I can draw plans and prepare specifica tions for a sewer, and that is more than you . coold.93; Bms Cr. Tarver to Cr. Qnisn on Tuesday night ? : i $£ jisTiiipt', 'generally ^ known that the P:SS^^I&fiS;^':iov^!'t^limeic' ? -'When ^ ;i^^ 4TO^ come Ib eee^rhoBe dog is' Om -contributor, 'Butterfly,' says the Port AleJboome Free Library is a king to the Port Adelaide one, neith.r have they suds a -7rwp librarian. Cr. Onscaden thinks that as Councillors know more abont sanitary matters than the Health Officer, perh&p;* they know moreabont sewers than the Surveyor. ;A speaker at tbe debtte on ' Smoking,' suggested that smokers should have placards affixed -m their backs to -this effect — ' Beware, this animal spits ! ' Two magnificent banners will be ex hibited at fee Graham-street Weeleyan Church to-morrow evening, when Mr. S. Mauger will conduct the service. The tip that the Mayor was talking about was not the tip for the next Melbourne Cup. That you will, have to seeJ. J. B. about. He will tap you for any amount you like. Cr. Plnmmer occupied the position of Mayor of the town for tie third time on Tuesday night, but only for a few minutes. Do coming events cast their shadows before. Thus Joe Morris : — ' When several good 'tobacco eaters' get together, and expec torate on the footfapath, ladies have to walk on the road Co avoid getting their dresses spoiled ' ! What member of that Debating Society wants to shop out all night until the question in debate is finished. Can it be the 'Secre- tary, Oh ! no, it must be Mr. Christopher and Mr. Morris. I'm not greedy but I likes a lot — said one of the guests at the Buffs' smoke night, as he helped himself to about a dozen tart*. Some one calfed out— now EUery, put some back. Here comes Lottie. ' Nut' appointed chief inspector ;at the last meeting of tbe Calatbumpians— Do your duty, -'.Not.' Don't pass anyone , unless '* hs's one of the dew-hammer i type,' especially the Black Doctor. . ' The 'Howl' says the reason that tbtt 'young gentleman' does not attend the Debating Society so of t as of yore:is that there is mtore attraction at the Bethel. iWiU-ht be quiet!— Ed.} The 'Owl' has been trying to 'place' : another effusion in our «aoctom, bat *re now have a hlonderbosB f or all Ql-omened night '?? birds. .-..-W-6 ^understand -he lias soooetbuic -'? -jgo^rl&.|i^*in^'3ibfw^^^ 2f v ^SitlteifSiiinW-in'eSli^ 'jtoflEtteaflaj5t'irisi ? tbe Mayor v. Cr. Flommer, then the Mayor v. Cr. Hill, And then tbe Mayor; v. Cr. Edwards, and then, of course, the Mayor v, Cr. Quinn. What can the matter be » Gem from the debate on Joe Morris's essay, ' Smoking ' — ' ' Xhe only rival that woman has in man's affections is the pipe.' WroDg, Frank, the only rival that woman has in man's affections is— the other woman. Cheers greeted toe local Sre brigade on their arrival at the fire in Princ-=»-utTeet on. Sunday night. They arrived within halfan hoitr of the alarm being given, although the fire was fully 100 yards from the station^. A lady suggested, after reading ' The trip to tiie moon,' that if the attendant at the Observatory had been np to his duty he would have made those debaters see stats by bumping their heads together, or ' bumping them on the floor.' Cis. Hill and Sangster, 7. J. Eastick, Esq., and Mr. T. C. E. Hunter, the secretary, are working right loyally for the newly-formed Young Men's Institute. Boll np to the 'emoko' in the Temperance-hall on Wed nesday, and give them a band through. One of the ladies of the Distress Belief Committee thinks we should nave a single Mayor, so as to attract the young ladies. Well, that can be remedied next year, as we have two handsome young Councillors un married, who are open for the position. Please note that the anniversary enter tainment apdfrait soiree of the Hechabites and W.C..T.U will beheld in the Grahani Etreet Wesleyan School-room — not Temper ance hall. Splendid programme. There is to be a big Gtmn there in charge of a Major. Many thanks for your postal present— ' The cause and core for a bachelor ills.' Be. who is the dear pretty pheasant. Who sends her sweet figure in pills ? Girls to the right of him, Girl* to the left of him; Murmured and grumbled. But, like Horatio in the days of old ; Mo matter bow they mumbled, Moriuty left those girls out in the cold. 