THE POLICY OF THE OPPOSITION. XVIII that portion of Mr I'oivers s address to his constituents at Maryborough on Friday evening Ailucli luvioAiod the work of the Opposition during the last session of Parliament the people of Queensland are not UOAA limit concerned. It may be summarily dismissed as ancient and familiar history w hat is of interest and importance is the policy of the Opposi- tion in the future In 1 parliament the duty of an Opposition is confined almost entirely to criticism of legislation and administration Outside Parliament the Opposition should make clear to the country YA hut policy it would endeavour; to pass into logical lation and administration in the event of a ' call to the Treasury benches. This task occupied a great part of the speech at a Maryborough. Good temper characterised the effort, and upon this the Leader of the Opposition may be heartily congratulated. Political discussion under the party system is openly exposed to the danger of violent temper, but it is always most effective as well as most pleasant to listen to when it is kept on the higher level. Our i party system generally demands the safeguard of a strong and capable Opposite tion, an Opposition which can make a big flight against mischievous proposals, and which contains experienced and trusted politicians who would be able to supply a ! noYV Government. Just IIOYV Queensland I has, in our opinion, an able and patriotic [ Government, and there is nothing in the visible signs of the times pointing to dis- a trust of it, or to a near appeal to the constituencies; but the situation YVOUUI be none the worse if a more united Opposi- tion confronted the Government in the coming session. And that seems to be the feeling which runs through Mr. Powers's speech at Maryborough. The Opposition shares the representation of and responsibility to the country. No doubt Opposition criticism left its mark on last session's legislation, and is quietly and healthily influencing administration. This is not an achievement to be despised. It is inevitable that Australian politicians should spend a large portion of their public life in Opposition. But good work can be done there. To have had some part in defeating or modifying bad and further improving good legislation is to have deserved well of the electors. Gratitude may be a rare virtue in the sphere of politics, but it is not altogether absent. And it is something for a politician to have the consciousness in himself that he had added to the welfare of the community. We hope the next sessional record will be much to the credit of Mr. Powers and his friends. An Opposition's strength consists largely of the confidence it is able to inspire in the electors, and this confidence is not to be Yvon by mere oratory, Too much talk, talk that becomes empty, more sounding brass and tinkling cymbal, by oxccssh'C j repetition of the same argument, state- ment, or protest, is a sure destroyer of public confidence. Mr. Powers admits that the general out- look of the colony is encouraging. There can be no doubt about the fact. In the comparison of colonies Queenslanders have no cause to be ashamed of or alarmed about Queensland. The colony is getting through the hard times remarkably YVOII. j No other continental colony is doing better. It has been laying new foundations for future prosperity on the bedrock of honest economy. During the greatest troubles in its history it has been in safe political hands. Of course Mr. Powers does not go with us in this remark. He has plenty of faith in Queensland, but none at all in the Queensland Government. Their great drawback." he said, " was national mismanagement." This is the everlasting i cry of Oppositions, We do not think this is just now the conviction of the majority of the people of Queensland. In a few weeks Parliament will be in session again, but we imagine the Government does not in the least degree fear its approach. There is no burning question. There is no profound anxiety. Political affairs are moving along calmly and satisfactorily, and if we are nearer crisis the materials out of Yvbieh it is to arise or be manufactured do not yet appear. Accord- ing to the present outlook the most important immediate task of the Opposition is to strengthen itself. Nothing like a full disclosure of Government policy has been made, but the probabilities are, if we may so interpret recent Ministerial deliverances, that no ¡ sensational proposals will be brought before Parliament. And there is room for the hope that in some things both sides of the Assembly will be of one mind. We are glad to find that Mr. Powers holds sound doctrine in regard to the future construction of loan - money works. He knows that Queensland would be an insignificant colony to-day if there had not been a copious inflow of British capital. But this capital creates obligation, and there is a limit to the interest the colony is able to pay. "They did not," said the Leader of the Opposition, " want any more loans for work that will not pay interest. He said that both Opposition and Ministry should be most careful what loans Yvero undertaken, for in future the interest going out of the colony should be earned by the capital brought into it. Any future loans should be only for public investments that I would unquestionably pay." We hope those remarks may be accepted as pledging the j Opposition to assist the Government in I resisting the clamour for railways and other works of doubtful financial character. I Certainly the most interesting and per- | haps the most important part of the Maryborough speech was that which dealt with the solutions of the Opposition and the Labour party. " he was convinced," Mr. I PoYvors said, " that the desire for a change of Government was largely checked by a ' lear, which he felt sure need not be felt, ' but which did neVertheless exist, that the Labour party if returned to power, would attempt to govern Queensland on the 1103 . of NOYV Australia." The desire for a change of Government is not very general so far as we can judge, but if it were it would undoubtedly be checked by the fear of Labour ascendency. Mr. Powers lets it be distinctly known that he is no more inclined to subscribe to the Socialist pro- gramme than to go over to Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith. Probably he and till his Opposition friends would rather become .M'llivriulhians their bow to the foolish do- j mand for Socialism in our time. He goes j HO far as to say that he would rather go ¡ out of the House. Has not the time already come for the Labour party to re- I consider their position '.' Is it worth while A to hold on to Socialism ? As a policy it is I demonstrably impracticable It has not the ghost of' a chance of becoming the law of the land. Even if there is no immediate hope of the Labour party becoming convinced of its intrinsic unwisdom, wheat in the good of attempting the impossible '. But that is not all. So far as Socialism is concerned the Labour party is equally separated from both the other parties. Isolated it is and isolated it will remain no long as it stands for this impracticable programme. So it limits its opportunity of other usefulness, So it cripples the Opposition. "The Labour party had allowed the impression to go to the country that they did not want 1 mon of Parliamentary experience unless I they signed the platform which they know was as a whole impracticable, and would retard the progress of reforms. How were they going to get on without the guidance of men of experience when exposed to such experienced men as McIlwraith, Tozer, Barlow, Dalrymple, and others ? Apprentices needed old hands to load them." i Thus Mr. Powers put the case at Mary. borough], and he talked common sense. "What is to be done ? " The Labour party," said Mr. Powers, " and the Opposi- tion should come together on some good practical radical programme which both could sign." But why have a Labour party at all Labour representation by all means. All classes and interests should be in Parliament. But why have a class party ? And why exact n signature from men believed to be honourable ? So long as a class party exists which it is intended shall be governed from outside Parliament the signature may he imperatively necessary. The Labour leaders may be convinced of its necessity. We will not dispute its utility for the system now in existence. But if Labour would merge itself in Liberalism ov líndicalism-call it by which term you will, though the older term Ima noble historical associations-there would be no need for the signature, and Parliament and the country would at once gain a strong Opposition. Mr. Powers wishes to make some fundamental, changes in the electoral law. The proposal to put an end to plural voting is an old one which does not call now for special comment. But the Opposition, if Mr. Powers speaks for it, as probably he does, will support the proposal to enfranchise woman. How the Government views this question has not been declared. Mr. Powers says many Government supporters are in favour of it. If this be so, there may be no party fight over it. There is no sound reason why women should not have a vote if they care to have it. In the long run the abolition of the plural vote will not make much difference. Mr. T Glassey discovered in the United States that it is mostly meaningless. And the woman's vote is not likely to make any notable and permanent reform in Parliamentary representation. What is wanted ! is a more intelligent and responsible use of the franchise. Perhaps some day we shall got the referendum, which we notice Mr. Powers favours, and that may have an excellent educational effect on the electors. We are inclined to expect much more from the referendum than irons mere extension j or levelling of the franchise. The referendum would demand definite opinions from the people, and such a demand should gradually create a more thoughtful interest in political affairs. 