PARISIAN LETTER. (FRoM OUR Own tOREOSPONDENT). ITis gratif ing tonoteo that the death of the animous display ofeympathyon the part of the entiro French press of all shados of poli tical opinion, French political manners are certainly improving, and the victorious Be public can afford to be generous to its adver naries, oven if the Comte do Paris conuld seriously be regarded as a political adver. oary. Recalled to France after the fall of the Empire,his political condnect was marked by the greatest circumapection, and his aubsequent exile was regarded by a large majority of Republicans os ne of the great eat political blonders. In fact, the Comte, almost against his will, was forced to take up the character of a pretender, and to serve as a rallying point for, militant Royal iste. Many Republicans imagine that the cause of Monarchy will die with the Comte de Paris but this is a great mistake, as the frequent revolations and changes of the form ef iovernment in France daring a century, have made the bulk of Frenchmen indiffer ent to all forms of Government whatever they may be. Aethe Republic protects life and property,and keeps Socialism and Radi calism at bay, its existence is assured; but whenever it should fail in this elementary duty, the masses of Frenchmen will soon show that they have really no preference for one form of Government more than another. Within the last few days a political ghost bas apparoed on the scene of publie affnrs- Scrotin de list verses Scrntin d'arrondiese ment. The Radicals are naturally very angry-at their present eflorced political efifaceient, and are casting about for the means of regaining their former preponder. once.- They think that if the methsd of voting wore altered and department voting substitnted for district voting, they would have heavy gains at the polls. It is quite possible that they maybe disappointed ; nu at any rats it is not for the ModerateRe pnbllcans-the party now in power-to afford facilities to their political adversaries by changing the method of voting.. The last experiment of district voting, 1885, was not a successful one, and turned against its inventors. From a theoretical point of view department voting is the fairest mode of electing, as it gives every locality and every opinion an opportunity of being represented in Parliament. 