ENGAGEMENTS. '1 HE en<*igeiiient is announced of Miss Maggie Wright, yoiingnst daughter of Mr. Wright, of Toorak.to Jlr. Guest, barrister-at-law. Mus. HA U.S-HEADLEY gave a garden party on Saturday last at her residence, " Redholuie," Toorak." The Mayoress of Melbourne, Mrs. Arthur Snowden. will open a Cake and Apron Fair in St. Philip's Sct.oolroom, Hoddle-street, on the 2!)th November, at three o'clock, and it will remain open for the two following days. The proceeds will go towards liquidating the debt on St. Philip's Church. Donations and gifts of any description for the fair will be gladly received by the Rev. Thomas Symonds, the Vicarage; Mrs. Sadler, The Gables," Abbotsford ; Mrs. Gahan, " Whitecliffy," Abbotsford; and other ladies of the committee. Mil. FRANK GREY SMITH, the president of the M.C.C., entertained the amateur players of Mr. Stnd'iart's team at dinner on the lflth November at his St. Kilda residence. The guests included Mr. Justice A'Beckett and Mr. H. C. A. Harrison, vice presidents of the M.C.C.; Mr. Travis, the hon. treasurer; members of the committee, and Maior Wardill. Mr. Phil Sheridan, the senior trustee of the Sydney Cricket Ground, was also present. The visitors are delighted with the kindness and hospitality shown them and with tbe heartiness of the recept'on accorded them by the people since tbeir arrival in Australia. A coMi'LiMENTAuv welcome, which will take the form of a grand performance of "Elijah," will be tendered to Mr. Julius Herz in the Melbourne Town Hall on 10th December. The chief vocalists will be Dr. O'Hara, Miss Bertha Rossow, Mr. A rmes Beaumont and Miss Elsie Cameron. MRS. JAMES WESTLEY held her usual monthly " at home" on Tuesday evening, 13th November, about, fifty guests being present. Mrs. Westley received her friends in a handsome black satin duchesse robe, trimmed with steel passementerie; Miss Westley wearing a pretty pale blue erepon, trimmed with black lace. The ballroom looked very pretty with its many coloured lights, and dancing was entered into with much spirit by th? young people present, the elders adjourning to the drawingroom for a quiet game of cards. During the evening Miss Ingbam sang "For All Eternity" with good effect, and Mrs. R. Dickson charmed her hearers with Denzer's lovely song, " Si tu ui'aimais," and Miss Ford and Mr. Kemp also contributed vocal BOIOS and a most enjoyable evening was spent. Among those present were Mr. and Mrb. G. D. Langridge, Mr. and Mrs. Fred Eskr-H, Jlr. and Mrs. J. Kemp, Mr. and Mrs. R. Dickson, Mrb. Darling, Mr. and Mrs. Ford, the Misses Ford, the Misses M'Leod, the Misses Miss M'Kean, Meeks, Miss Ingham, Messrs. M'Kean, Tandy, M'Leod, Ford and others: THE lvuv. A. O. Henderson, B.D., is announced to deliver a popular lecture on " Electricity " in the Cnitarian Church on Wednesday evening next. The lecture will he illustrated by experiments, lantern *'views, etc., and should prove very interesting to all who take an interest in tbe subject. liv the kind permission of the Rev. Father Kennedy, S.J., the whole of the St. Ignatius' Cadet Band will play the opening overture on the Hibernian Hall stage on New Tear's Eve. SIR WILLIAM CLARKE opened a Cake Fair and Sale of Gifts on 17th November in the Trinity Hall, East Melbourne, in aid of the fund for lncreasedparsonageaccommodation. In his opening speech Sir W. J.Clarke alluded to the necessity for a larger parsonage, and spoke in warm terms of the wol'k of the incumbent. Rev. W. G. Hindley. He expressed his regret that Lady Clarke was unable to take her part on this occasion, but 6tated that she would give a donation of £25 towards the Object of the fair, and that he himself would give a similar amount. Among the principal attractions was the Cake Stall, presided over by Mrs. Dawson, Mrs. Langridge, Mrs. P. H. Sunn, Mre. J. L. Purves and Miss Higginson. Guild Stall: Mrs. Cooper, Mrs. William Hughes, Mrs. Burnley, Mrs. B. Jones, Misb Townsend, Miss Burnley and JMiss Frith. The Fancy Stall, the articles of which always'lend themselves so well to artistic decoration, included novelties in photo, frames and beautiful lamp shades. It was presided over by the Misses Hardie aud was very prettily arranged. The Sweets Stall, by Mrs. Elliston, Miss Chapman, Mies Pratt and Miss Moore. The Flower Stall: Mrs. Moxon Cook and Mies Burnley. Refreshment Stall: Mrs. Hindley, Mrs. Halliday, Misses Jacomb and Miss Rout. The Produce Stall, in the capable hands of Mrs. W. Andrews and Mrs. G. Bruce, — well arranged and specially attractive. Another feature of the bazaar was the competition, prizes being awarded for the most prettily- dressed dolls by children under fifteen years of age—Lady Clarke's prize, which was gained by Mis6 Doberty ; Miss Wilton's by Miss M. Hindley. Miss Wilton _ also e gave another r..„„ prize for open , compeHtion,'th"eTnly comp'ektoVforwhich wis" Miss Rout, to whom the prize was awarded; a second prize, given by Lady Clarke, was awarded to Miss B. Pratt for home-made sweets; the first prize, given by Mrs. Chapman, was awarded to Miss F. Moore; by the Misses Hume, to Miss fl. Lang; and Mrs. Barbour's prize to Miss Watt; tbo prize given by Mrs. P. H. Nunn, for basket of small cakes, to Miss Smythe ; home-made scones, by Mrs. Langridge, to Miss Praagst; flowers, by Mrs. Rothwell Adams, for ladies' sprays, awarded to Miss Tessa Smith ; that of Mrs. Moxon Cook's, for gentlemen's buttonholes, to Miss A. Lang; by Miss Jones, for basket of flowers, to Miss Rocke; some special prizes, given by Miss Hardie, for lamp shade, were gained by Mrs. John Brock; second prize was given by Miss Jones, gained by Miss Frith; from Miss Patterson, for candle shade, by Miss Morrison. The appearance of the hall was pretty and animated, and the success due to the indefatigable exertions of all concerned, not excepting the ladies of tbe Guild, the committee, the hon. treasurers (Lady MacMabon and Mrs. Hindley); also Mrs. Cooper, the hon. sec. The proceeds amounted ,to ilOO. The judges for the competitive prizes were the Mayoress of Melbourne (Mrs. Arthur Snowden), Mrs. Kenric Brodnbb, Mrs. Joshua and Mrs. E.J. Balcombe and Mrs. H. Emmerton. Towards evening the hall became packed, and the musical programme, under the guidance of Mr. Amos Norcott, was enthusiastically received. t.,.. „t c. r* i vt rr n. lHK new incumbent of St. Colomb s. Hawthorn, ,, . „ TIT / >V Y /-^ the Rev. Carey Ward, M.A., Oxon., who has succeeded the Rev. Archdeacon Armstrong, was inducted into his new cure on last night week. Tbe new incumbent read the prayers, Dean I r Z Z T L ^ T r A h r d ChdeaC 4 L T l e y the following clergymen also took part, the Revs. Cresswell, Pringle, Howell, Tress, M'Carthy and ~ S. Kent. ,r . - On ^ Sunday fi , last ... the Rev. A Mr. Ward preached tor tha first time to his new congregation, and created a very favourable impression by his earnest and cultured style. THE Misses Greenlaw and Ekmans have invited a number of their friends' to a Meadow Party and Dance at Cheltenham on the 21th November. ME. and Mrs. Otto yon Dem Busch give a small dinnerparty at-their residence, "Nart-ena," Mathoura-road, Toorai, oil Tuesday. Among the guests were Misses M-Gregor, Hardie and E. Hardie, and Messrs. Aitkin, Brasch and Oiii xr. ON Saturday, 1st December (afternoon and evening, from 2.30 to 10 p.m.), a garden fete and variety fair will be held by the kind permission of Mrs. Booth at her residence, "Caenwood," Tennyson-street, St. Kilda, the proceeds being devoted to the funds of the Holy Trinity Church, Balaclava. During the afternoon and evening a pleasing variety of entertainments will be provided, including tableaux, photographs, magic lantern, &c.;, with Punch and Judy and merry-go-rounds for the children. Prizes are offered for the best home-made cake, floral buttonholes, and other articles. The admission will be one shilling, and the St. Kilda trams (green) run close to "Caenwood." Miss AMELIA BANKS, who has been so long a favourite on Melbourne concert platforms, has been engaged, in conjunction with Miss Lilian Twycross, and Messrs. Armes Beaumont, Linnox and Barker, to sing at the Hobart Exhibition. Mr. Otto Linden is acting as musical director. ONE of the special features of the annuil ball given by Mrs. William Green to her pupili, 3rd December, will be some original measures by tbis graceful teacher, two of which will badancid by Miss Sadie and Miss Florne Green, to muiic by an Australian composer. THE Melbourne Liedertafel will give a concert for ladies and gentlemen in the Town Hall next Monday evening. Mr. H. J. King will conduct. Tbe principal solo artists are Madame Ga ' .rielle Boema, Miss Alicia Burton, Mr. Farqubar i'oung and Mr. J. Brierly. Mr. Farquhar Young is on a visit here from New Zealand, and brings with him an excellent reputation as a baritone singer. The chief choral novelty is " The Bachelor's Apology" {agreat favourite in New York with tbe Mendelssohn Club), which has not yec been heard in Melbourne. The choir will also sing Mackenzie's music to " Marmion," and other more familiar works. Mr. August Siede will be at the pianoforte. Tbe box-plan will be open at Glen and Co's to-day (Thursday). TBE Town Hall was fairly well filled on Tuesday evening, 20th'Nov., when the'Melbourne Philharwonic Society gave Handel 'a "Samson," with full orchestra and chorus. The orchestra was under the leadership of Mr. Curtis, and the society was assisted in the solo numbers by Mrs. Palmer, Miss Grace Kemp, Miss Nellie M'Lelland, Mr. Armes Beaumont, Mr. fi. Lamble, Mr. W. G. Barker and Mr. E. M. Smith. Mr. Fentum presided at the organ, and Mr. W. H. Stoneham played the solo trumpet part, accompanying Mrs. Palmer in " Let the Bright Seraphim." The choruscs wer» well-rendered, aud the music entrusted to the various artists wa6 exceptionally well given. Miss M'Lellan created a very good impression in her rendering of *' Ye Men of Gaga." Miss Kemp thoroughly entered into her part, and was much applauded throughout. The duet between Delilah and Samson was delightfully given by Mrs. Palmer and Mr. Beaumont, and tbe lovely air, " With Plaintive Notes," jvas charmingly sung by Mrs. Palmer. Mr. Lamble's rendering of " Honour and Arms " was artistically given; and he is to congratulated on his pupil, Mr. Barker, who, besides being the possessor of a good voice, showed careful teaching in bis manner 0f using it. Among tbe audience one noticed the Mayor and Mre. Snowden, Mr. and tbe Misses J. JI. Bruce, Mr. and the Misses M'Kean, Mr. and Mrs. Hector M'Donald, Mrs. Charles and Miss Campbell, Mrs. Charles Cudden and Mr. and Mrs. Richardson. A ORAND sacred concert was given last Tuesday evening, 20th November, in tbe West Melbourne Presbyterian Church, William-street, when a large audience assembled and fully appreciated an excellent programme which bad been provided, t h e principal it«m being tbe first production of a n e w sacred cantata entitled, *' St. Stephen ' (the first Christian martyr), by the Rev. James Gibson, a n d for which Mr. Alfred R, Moulton composed t b e music. The first part of tlie programme conlisted of a solo by Mr. Moulton on tbe organ, " Marche des Girondins," song, "The Children & HomeJ'Miss Sara Lewis; violin solo," Serenta M r - Barry Stevens; and a song, *' Ave Maria,"' MisB Frederica Mitchell. Then followed the cantata, "St. Stephen," tbe following artistes rendering the solo parts:—Miss Sara Lewis, Miss frederica Mitchell, Mrs. Mortimer, Mr. Pallett, (tenor, of Sr. Paul's Cathedral) and Mr. Jenvey (baritone). The following ladies and gentlemen, assisted by Sr. Andrew's Church choir, also rendered valuable assistance in tbe various choruses and quartettes—Miss Bessie Harper, Miss Ada Power, Miss Angus, Miss Eva Hughes, Miss Maud Hushes, Miss Buchanan. Mrs. Head, Misses Bertha Vernon and Connie Go iard, and MesBrs. A. Hackett, W. Thompson, A. Jewell, A. M'Pnail, J. Elliott, Edwards, W. Craig, Thomson, J- Wray and Masson. Mr. W. H. Coupland officiated at the organ, and the following members ot Professor Marshall Hall's orchestra formed the instrumental quartette—1st violin, Mr. Barry Stevens; 2nd viulin, Mr. J. A. Sutch; viola, Mr. Dierich; 'cello, Mr. Claude Harrison; while the whole was conducted in an able manner by Mr. Alfred R. Moulton. * Tbe cantata n passed off j in a most satisfactory manner to all concerned, „„j »•„ „ u •' ^ w t i i z ^ congratulated on "fTcl'lf ,f UC ?, e f of tbe f i " t w„n T] 5,f 'If 1^^ " ' ' i ^5'au^and ^he contralto solo, ^ t V s ^ t " *T r " L ^ f ' T ^ I K ^ J manner, and great attention had been beBtowed on the decorations of tbe church, which was elegantly festooned with flowers and greenery. THE Sapio-Urso tour has resulted in a loss of .£1000—each of the ladies losing £:M>. There is a proposal to give Madame Urso, who sails for South Africa next week, a complimentary concert. Madame Sapio rnurned to London to fill an engagement for which she is to receive £ night. A CHBISTMAS Fair and Fele will be held in St. Coluuib's Hall and grounds, Bunvood-road, Hawthorn, on Thursday and Friday evenings, (ilb and 7th of December, and the afternoon and evening of Saturday, 8th of December. Tbe proceeds go to reduce the debt of the above church. Tne small charge of Is. will be made for admission, and (id. for children. The entertainments during vlie evening will include:—Music by band and orchestra; part songs of tbe style rendered so P°P ular by the Liedertafels; attractive entertainm e nt6 will be given in the main hall; marionettes, a n d the ever popular Punch and Judy. The ground will be illuminated to carry out the attractive spectacle of a Japanese Feast of Lanterns. For competitive prizes tbe following are offered (in each case there must be throe entries or no competition): — Dolls. — For the best-dres6«d doll, by child under ten years ; prize, 10s. (3d. entrance, (id. For the ' best - drpEsed doll open competition ; prize, .£1 Is.; entrance, (id, Sweets.—For the best pound of bouie-made sweetf, three to four varieties ; prize, 10s. Gd.; entrance, 6d. Christmas Gifts.—For the best paper lamp shade; prize, £1 Is.; entrance, 0i. All exhibits, with motto attached, and envelope endorsed with motto, containing exhibitor's name, to be lodged at Ot St. Hf. Coluuib's Hall IX«1I before & i p.m. on HI Thursday, I 0th December. All "exhibits to become the property of the committee. Tickets may bn obtained from tbe lady stallholders, the church guardians and members of tbe committee. Mr. Edward Cooper is hon.' sec. f THE Masonic Hall was filUd with a large and fashionable audience on the evening of 13th November at an invitation concert given in aid of the Consumptive Sanatorium at Echuca. The concert was under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor and Lady Hopetoun, and also the Mayor of Melbourne and Mre. Snowden, who honoured the entertainment by their presence. Captait) Forbes accompanied the Governor, Sir Win. Robinson also forming Financially tbe function proved fairly successful, upwards of £00 being collected. The Mandoline and Banjo Club rendered good service, but a little professional music would have been a grea addition to the programme. Miss Joshua's violin playing was much appreciated, her playing of Raff's Cavatina Calling forth good applause. Miss Broinfi^ld gave a good rendering of " Alia Stella Confidente," and was afterwards heard in " A Night in Venice," in conjunction with Mr. Lindsay. Others who contributed to the programme were Miss Anderson, Miss Keep, Miss Rosenthal, the Misses Purves, Mr. C. Bonynge- Kelly and Mr. C. Hall. TH E annual athletic sports in connection with the Church of England Grammar School were held in the school groundb on Wednesday, 14-th November. Tbe lAev. and Mrs. Sergeant were " at home" also to a number of friends and parents of the children. Tea, coffee and other light refreshments were dispensed throughout the afternoon in the several rooms, which were decorated for the occasion. A MOST successful Highland Fair was held on Saturday last at " The Terricks," Burwood-roacl, Hawthorn, in aid of the fund6 of the Hawthorn Presbyterian Church. Tbe opening ceremony was performed by R. Murray Smith, Esq ,M.L.A. The beautiful grounds were illuminated throughout the evening and attracted a large crowd. Miss TUBNER gave a most enjoyable " at home" in her rooms, Elizabeth-street, Melbourne, on Saturday last. An excellent programme was gone through, and included the names of the following artists:—Mrs. F. Stephens, who gang " When tbe Heart is Young;" Miss E. Greig gave " Serenade" (Tosti).with mandoline obligato, Miss Sprague; Miss Aimee Reid, song (Stephen Adami: Mrs. Scherek played valso in A flat (Chopin); Mr. Chas. Cunningham sang "My Life for Thee, (Stephen Adams), and Mr. Vannest " Patria" (Tito Matteli; Mr. Wallach, Concerto :(De Beriot); Mr. Blascheck, recitations, " Tommy on Ghosts," " After-Dinner Speech." Among those present were:—Commander and Mre. Collins, Mr. and Mrs. Angus Macpherson, Mr. and Mrs. Louis Daniel, Mr. and Mrs. B. M. Collins, Mr. and Mrs. Pultney Mein, Mrs. George Gunn, Mr. and Mr.-. Stewart M'Arthur, Mr. and Mrs. Cbirnside, Mr. and Mrs. Lamb Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Emery, Mr. and Mr*. W. Robinson, Mr. and Mrs. M'Devitt, Mr. and Mrs. Roland Woodward, Mr*-. T. Smitl', Miss Smith, Mrs. Bull, Mr. and Mrs. Prout Webb, Dr. and Mrs. Chas. Ryan, Dr. and Mrs. Power, Madame Njvelt, Miss Ethel Groene, Miss Currie, Mrs. Patrick Liinf, Mrs. and Miss Brush, Mrs. Gurner, Miss Sprague, Miss Alice Currie, Mr. and Mrs. Stewart Johnston, Mrs. George Robertson, tbe Misses Robertson, Mr, Paxton, Mr. John Russell, Mr. F. Hogg, Mr. Mason, Mr. Faed, Mr, Heywood, Mr. W. Fraser, Mr. Milbourne, Mr. Hewetr, Mr. Fowler, Mr. M'Hugh, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Thompson, Mr. and Miss Paterson, Mr. and Mrs. Shiels, Mr. E. Reid, Mrs. Fred Gray and Miss Aimue Reid. THE attendances at the Cathedral Fair at the Exhibition Building continue to be large, so large, indeed, that it is intended to open tne Fair on Wednesday afternoons as well as every evening and Saturday afternoon, as has hitherto been the custom. All the stalls attract a fair share of patronage and unlimited admiration, and the glories of Flemington are repeated in little at Miss O'Connor's race-game. The articles are selling well, whilst the raffles of the larger and more expensive goods fill rapidly. Amongst the latter special mention should be made of a Roman Miseal, embroidered, and presented to the St. Patrick's Art Union by Mi=s Welch, of 40 Elizabeth-street. It is bound in white watered silk, handsomely embroidered in coloured silk and gold thread; on the front cover in the centre is a large chalice, woiked in raised gold thread, above are ecclesiastical designs, the words, "Ave Maria Gratia Plena," the sacred monogram, " A. M.," and crowns. On tbe reverse side is simply across the bottom a design of flew de lis. and a Cross, .and in the uppe.r corners shields, with "J. H. S." Tne back also is embroidered. Souie beautiful work is shown by pupiU of Mrs. Rilph Ward, and include Miss Wimpole's glass file- screen in dafrudils, also a three fold screen in art oilcloth, showing clusters of roses before and after a shower of rain. Miss E. Wimpole shows a door with panelled landscapes, Miss Jacobv photograph frame w,th beautiful red poppies c glass. Tbe work of this lady's pupils is of j considerable merit, and reflects credit alike upon the artists and their teacher. There are aioo some very clever specimens of Mre. Ward's own work, including some opal menu cards in sepis. Amongst other admirable work may be mentioned a photo, frame in pansies by Miss Toohey; Miss Riley, a wood panel, showing tbe beautiful waratah blossom and some pretty tab'e centres in muslin, on which sprays nf Virginia creeper and wisteria were painted; Miss O'Donnell./eur Jt [ hs and fan palms on porcelain: Miss Mason, red | and white cactus, also on porcelain; Mii Howard, a hand-painted cushion; Miss Merrv,. panel of oranges; Mj^s Ljdia, an oak panel. At one of the stalls, which was beautifully draped. wirh the Italian colours, some most artistic work j was shown, notably a pretty mantel'drape ill 1 dark green satin, worked in ariasene, with a] design of pruttily arranged autumn leaves: i very bandsome chair in ariasene, the work of Mis Cusairk ; a crazy-work cushion, done by Madami- Pett; a novelty, shown by Miss Clara Merriv.ile.l was some poker work on a quaintly-designed! table. I WE desire to draw attention to the advertis'J ment of James M E wan and Co., in which gicatl reductions in jrwe are announced. Amongst t f| bargains to bj obtained at Messrs. M'Ewan's a«J many useful lequieites and ornamental specialties! particularly suitable for Christmas presents. WE have received an excellent little volume O'j poems, entitled " Numbers for the Old Land soil the New," by Elizabeth Hardwicke. Mrs. Hawf wicke's verses flow smoothly, and have in themij good moral tone tbpt mates healthy as well i pleasant reading. They are upon a variety subjects, and should find a place in every An tralian family. Tbe "Numbers" are publisM in paper covers at 2s., and in a handsome cloiW gilt, the latter making a volume specially suitat™ for a prize or a Christmas present. A LECTUBE was given by Miss Prances Tyrrell Gill at Mr. J. P.-el's studio (kindly lent) Inst Wednesday, on "The Spirit of Poetry." The subject treated could not but be; appreciated by any cultured mind. It is pleasanfeand instructive to listen to the fair thoughts of a&cturer; who has studied the art of poetry to such good purpose and can express her ideas in such polished phraseology. At the second lecture of the series, which takes place on Wednesday ~ext, Dr. O'Hara has kindly consented to take the chair at eight o'clock. 