A HAWKESBURY RIVER TRIP. (Br M. CAMERON ) Though the HawkeBbury ia the "show" river and the pride oi the colony, it is scarcely known to many thousands of Sydney residents, notwithstanding the fact that it is within less than three houra by rail; and daring eight months of tha year weekly excursions thereto are regularly advertised. Every facility for touring this splendid river is offered to lovers oi the beautiful aud picturesque, and "the round trip," as it is termed, is easily done in 12 hours; yet tha greatest ignorance prevails in the public mind regarding the natural beauties of the neighborhood, and even oi its geographical position. The river, like the famous Mississippi (U.S.A.), takes so many carious bends, and twists, and turns in its serpentine course that, though the two chief points of embarkation, "Hawkesbury" and « Windsor," are almost equi-distant from Syd. sey, there is a distance of 72 miles to be traversed by the boat when running between the two placcs. For about a third of the river route the scenery is bold, rugged, and wild, but the remaining two-thirds is aaft in outline and rich in coloring. It is singular that the Government, by means of the Bail way Department, BO largely advertise the beauties cf the mountain resorts, and run tourist trains at very reduced rates lo both the southern and western mountains, while almost ignoring the far greater claims of the Hawkesbury to public notice and apprecia' tion. In the first- class compartments of the railway carriages we see enclosed in glass beautilul photographic views of scenes on the Blue Mountains, such as Govett's Leap, " Ka toomba," and Wentworth Falls ; and on the other trunk line, the Fiizroy Falls, and other interesting Bpots; but the beautiful vistas to be seen on the Hawkesbury are almost uu noticed. Oae way ef accounting for this ap parent favoritism, perhaps, lies in the fact that there are no palatial residences, no country seats of city magnates gracing the banks of the queen river of New South Wales, while every favorite summer resort on the mountains has Its centre of attraction in some mansion of the socially great. A day is well spent in doing the round trip on the Hawkesbury. In no other show route can so much beautiful scenery be viewed with so little physical exertiun, and to the person of delicate organisation or the convalescent, it Is a day of pure, unalloyed ease and content. For the small sum of 10s. 61. one may enter a first-class carriage at Redfern, and In a little more than two hours arrive at Hawkes bury, then embarking on board the excursion steamer " General Gordon" traverse the river at the rate of 10 knots an hour for 6 hours, all the time in the fresh air and sunshine ; then, disembarking at Pitt Town, and entering 'bus, have the pleasure of a drive of four miles between the fields of waving corn, until reach' iDg the quaint old town of Windsor. Then rest of two hours, which can be pleasantly passed in Btrolling around or resting in the fine old Royal Hotel until the time of de parture by train for Sydney, which is reached at 9 p.m., just 12 hours having elapsed since leaving the same spot. No one who has once experienced the pleasure of this trip will ever regret the expenditure of his half guinea, and if be does not again and again feel a desire to make further acquaintance with this lovely river I am very much out in my estimate human nature. Three years ego I did the trip for the first time, and was so enchanted with the views that I lived continually in the hope of again experiencing the same pleasure, consequently when the opportunity cfferel few days since I gladly embraced it. Aiter leaving Bedfern station and passing the suburbs the most notable view presented to our giza wan the picturesque banks of the Parramatta River, on which Is situated the Walker Convalescent Hospital, whoBe quaintly formed red-tiled roofs make a brilliant spot of color amid its green setting of trees andshiubs. Near to this the railway crosses the river and soon after we pass through miles of unoccupied territory, broken country abounding in sandstone and scrub, an area large enough on which to settle the whole population of the metropolis, yet never sign ot the hand of man, for all is wild and irreclaimed bush. As we near Hornsby we notice signs of civilisation in the form of small clearings in the ecrub, and here and there newly erected cottage oi small proportions but in the region of Horcsby—a place once famous in connection with political jibbery fpd road-making—are to be seen fine pianta tions of orange trees end orchards in which, as we whirled along, we saw crimson apples hanging rn the boughs, and yellow peaches whose accumulated weight caused the branches almost touch the ground. Reaching Hawkefbury station, which is distant from Sydney 36 miles, we have a fine view of the famous iron bridge with its seven spans of 416 feet esch # Htre the S.S. General Gordon was moored, and quickly we were aboard, the genial Captain Murray, her commander, personally seeing the comfort of the party of tourists, who were quickly grouped about the clean decks, anxious to obtain the best points of vantage for eight-Beeing. We pass under the bridge at 1130, and eteam along right merrily in the broad expanse of smooth water which, in reality, looks like a mountain enclosed lake, for to glance ahead we can see no opening between the rocky hills that seem to completely encircle us. Long Island is to our left, and Sj-fctacle Island on our right. After passing under the bridge, the scenery is grand and mej istic In character. The river is guarded, so to speak, with rocky hills, clothed to the *water's edge with trees and shrubs of many shades of sombre green, and the outline is constantly changing its shape as the steamer forges ahead. Some of the hills are softly rounded, others cone-shaped, while some resemble the back of a lion in form. Some drop sheer down a rugged mass of grey rock, while again some shelve in beautiful sloping points to the water, forming a pretty green bank, where a landing might easily be effected Straight ahead stand out in bold relief beautifully formed mountains, which take on a lovely amethyst tint as distance lends enchantment to the view, but which appear a deep dull green on nearer acquaintance. We fancy for moment that the river has come to an end and we are landlocked, but soon the boat swings round and we are on the other side of point, and quite a different view is obtained Five miles from the bridge, we reach Milson's Island, which opens out Browera Inlet, and this is certainly one of the finest views ou the river. Sweeping round a sudden curve in the stream, we see a long sandy beach covered with mangroves that appear to grow in the water, and then we notice the mouth a tributary named Mangrove Creek. Signs of settlement now appear, and we notice a fine white stone house set in the midst of a slope of orchard with its rows of trees set in parallel lines. Behind the homestead the bluff rises precipitately to a great height, the frowning masses of neutral-tinted rock standing out in bold relief. The local coloring has many changing hues of dull green, brown grey, and bluish green in the foliage of tree and shrub that clotheB the hilly banks right to the water's edge, and wherever a sloping point is seen we notice a tiny hut or cottage, which is inhabited by fisher folks, whose boats "we observed lower down in the fishing grounds, Same of these lonely huts are filled with children, who coma out to watch the progress of Ibe steamer and wave their bands to us. " Sentry box" reach, so named frcm a huge stone, in Bhape like an old fashioned S6ntry box, which stands in lonely grandeur at a point by the head of the reach, is a lovely sweep of water, some two miles in length without a curve, and neat this we observe the ruinB of a mill, whose weather-beaten wheel has many years ago ceased to rotate. It stands rotfUss and windowle3s, like the ghost of former industry and enterprise, and one cannot but wonder why it should be so in this magnificent grain-producing district, for now the scenery is entirely changed as we near Wiseman's Ferry and observe the splendid tracts of arable land that lie on either side of the water way stretching miles away. Wiseman's Ferry is 40 miles from Sydney, and at this point there is a hotel and ferry boat. From here to Windsor, the scene changes altogether from the lower portion of the river. Everything of the rugged and grand has been passed and the soft and rustic appears. The lands are low- lying, and for miles the water is fringed with green willows, whose gracefully bending boughs dip into the river. Hedges oi qaince and peach trees alternate with the willows, and rank growth of all things green show the richness of the eoiL Many of the orchards in which lemon, orange, and other fruit-bearing trees are seen appear to have run wild, and many of the bouses are unoccupied, their unglaz 3d windows staring at us as we pass like the s'ghtlesa orbs of the blind. The M'Donald River empties itself into the Hawkesbury at a point close to Wiseman's Ferry, and some very charming views are to lie obtained in this direction. At Sackville Reach, which is A lovely piece of water one and a half miles long, we passed a river steamer, one of the trading boats, which made gallant effort to keep up with us, lut the General Gordon" quickly left her cut of sight, and as we passed a betid of the river we noticed a large giey stone house, evidently containing 20 rooms or more, which looked sadly in need of reconstruction. A churcb, with adj >ining parsonage, stands on a slight eminence on either hand as we pass. Sackville Reach, aud from thence to Pitt-town, the scenery is changeful and picturesque in the extreme. Clumps of swamp oak and clusters of Moreton B*y fig trees with other umbrageous growths beautify the landscape, and the farms and homesteads iu the vicinity ate well kept and fl mrishing in appearance. Calti Creek (appei) is a small stream which takes its rise near the Pitt-town settlement and fbws into the Hawkesbury, and shortly after passing it we arrive at Pitttown, where the boat is skilfully and quietly steered close to a green bank where we disembark, and after a minute's walk through the demesne of a happy-go-lucky farmer, whose calves, pigs, and chickens we nearly walk over as we cross his house-yard, we enter an omnibus and drive a distance of four miles along a narrow rural lane between acres and acres of gretn ma ! z>, some 10 feet in height, whose ruddy brown tassels wave in the breeze and make sweet whisperings as we listen to the soft rustling sound. Certainly this is the land of corn and fatness, for the pumpkin vines cover the ground as a carpet ot living green, and not content with this, they make energetic effjrte to get above the beads of their rivals, the corn stalks, by cunningly twining about their stems, and ducking under their broad leaves, until some more aspiring than the rest jump right across and cling to the tassel of the next door neighbor stalk until a network is formed ; but I opine that before the pumpkin is matured its weight will bring his tall supporter to the ground- Such is life ! We had two hours at Windsor' which town or village is quaint and old- fashioned enough to make an artist rave. There is euch an air of old-worldness about its narrow streets and jumbled up pavements, and irregular roofs, and small windows, that one juBt revels in the oddness of it all. The funniest thing about the old town is the fact that if you take any cross street diverging from the main thoroughfare you can get right into the camfields or the lucerne paddocks in about a dcz?n strides, so close is town to country ; any way you may choose to saunter will bring you in a (ew moments to a green expanse of field or garden, orchard or melon patch. It is simply a delightful place of repose and restful quietude, and why it is not crowded with city visitors from Saturday to Monday every week, is a marvel to me. The run from Windsor back to the city jast occupied two hours and a half, and we were landed at Redfern at 9 p.m., having thoroughly er j >yed our day of 12 houra in sight-seeing on the loveliest river i n the colony. We were the guests of the day of Captain Murray, owner of the "General Gordon," and as he has pioneered river 8 in many lands, and steered his own boats fjr a great number of years pest, his conversation bristles with anecdote and old time story, and being a capital raconteur, our trip up the river was made doubly pleasant by the fact that we spent most or our time in the glazed wheel house in the company of our host, who pointed out all the chief points of interest en route. I trust that readers of the Banner on both sides of the border will make a point of seeing and judging for themselves as to the merits of the trip which I have tried to describe in these lines, and more especially far interior residents, whose eyes, long accustomed to drought stricken plains, would be delighted with the verdant luxuriance of the scenes and sights of the river. The value of our eca-borne commerce is some 970 millions, against the 277 millions of France, and the 55 of Russia—that is to say, about three times the two together. John Glynn, mounted constable of Avenel, was found lyinq dead in a paddock on the tanks of tbe Goulburn on 15th ins*. He had gone to the river to watch for nets which he suspected ""ere being used by some fishermen. Mr. Edward Shelton, who was looking for his horses, found the constable's horee with saddle and bridle on, but riderless, and within a few yards discovered the dead body of tbe constable. The body was lying on its back, and the bsck of the head was split open. Constable G!rnn was some years in charge of tbe Avenel district and was an efficient officer, held in esteem generally. He leaves a widow and a family of nine yotmg children. 