on ana Off toe stage. The dramatic season of Mr. Bland ITolt commenced at the Princess Theatre, Melbourne, last Saturday, under favourable circumstances. The audience was large, and applauded each of the leading actors most heartily as they made their first entranoe on the- stage. The scenery was novel and effective, while the mounting was all that could be desired, but the " advanced drama" was a little disappointing. The late Mr. Henry Pettitt presents an interesting story in A Woman's Revenge, but he has failed to connect the incidents in a manner to impress the audience with their verisimilitude, or interest them in the characters. The parallel of every scene can be found in the records of celebrated trials, but the fiction of the novelist appears more real than the story which Mr. Pettitt has baaed on fact. The main defect of Mr. Pettitt's drama appears to bo the want of perspective and light and shade in the characters pourtrayed. Mr. Edward Sass personates Prank Drummond, a barrister by profession, an artist by inclination, and a gentleman at large by occupation. In the first act Mr. Sass is himself, and his personality suits the exigencies of the situation. In the second act, he'failed on Saturday to impress the audience with the intense affection the author intends Prank Drummond to show for his wife and child, or his wrath at the college clium who has inveigled him into the directorship of a bogus mining company. Neither does Mr. Sass show the power and pathos of the old school or the " reserved force" of the new school of acting when he learns that his wife belioves his traducers and has fled. In the third act Prank Drummond's mood to lie re venged on his wife, whom he supposes to be faith less, is supposed to be melted by the guileless affec tion of his little daughter, who " takes to" him not knowing he is her father. It is impossible to believe that the most precocious of children could "take to" •such a grim-spoken, high-tragedy looking stranger as Mr. Sass. In the final scene, where Drummond appears in wig and gown to defend his wife, on her trial for the murder of her cousin, Mr. Sass acts to advantage. As Mary LonBdale, the heiress who marries Prank Drummond, Miss Henrietta Watson has a part to suit her, but she made very little of the oharactor last Saturday. She has improved during the week, and may yet give a personation of the young wife, learning by bitter experience that ; the noblest love is that which oasts out doubt and jealousy. Mr. Bland Holt personates Dick Chilton, a grocer's cleric, whose courtship and married life afford the requisite comic episodes of the drama. There is no more variation in Mr. Bland Holt's style of acting than there is in Mr. Toole's, but like the favourite comedian of Cockaigne, he is always amus ing. Mrs. Bland I-Iolt is a charming soubrette, though her acting is preferable when she wears the cap and ribbons of the smart waiting maid or the print frook-of the pert village beauty, towhen she assumes the character of a "society lady." Miss Edith Blande can personate fashionably dressed adventuresses of many types to perfection, but on Saturday she was apparently too nervous to act her part with the cool self-possession of a woman who lias no shame. 'Mr. J. Cosgrove personates the scheming, evil- hearted cousin, [Robert Ovorstone. He has to " smile and smile, and bo a villain yet," but never by an inflection of voice, or vindiotive gesture does he suit the words to his action. Mr, W. E. Baker personates the scoundrelly solioitor, .Teptlia Grimwade. He did not make muoh of his scenes last Saturday, not even where he shoots Robert Over stone, but in the witness box at the trial his noting was really excellent, Miss Emma Gwynne, Mrs. Drumraond's housemaid, also noted the part of a witness in a cleverly i*ealistio manner. The other notors, including little Briglitie Smith, the seven year-old daughter who has to give evidence against her mother in the doalc, filled their parts vory creditably. Miss Maggie Moore entered on the fourth week of Struck Oil at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, last Saturday. Her personation of T_lizzie Stofel appears to have gained in vivacity and merriment each weok, and certainly Mr, Forde's John Stofel has developed more quaint humour and dry wit. Miss Moore s songs always delight the audience, and hor farmyard ditty in the after piece, The Chinese , Question, is the most popular air in the city. Tun Bijou Theatre, Melbourne, will bo opened again to-morrow ovening by Messrs, Thornton and Arnold's Company, with that most diverting of farcical comedios, Charing'a Aunt, Mr. Thornton's personation of the Oxford undergraduate who masquerades as the oldorly spinster from Brazil is so popular that tho more announcement of his per formance is suilloiont to draw largo audionoos. 'The other mombers of tho oompany have greatly improved with their six months' practico, and the scenes are played now with tho verve and rapidity essontial to the humour of farcical comedy. Mb, Arthur Garnor will commence a dramatic season at tho Molbourno Bijou Theatre on May 5. Mr. Gai'nor says i " It is my intention to plaeo boforo you a sorios of dramatic, works that will illustrate the virtues and follios of tho present; day without toiiahing upon tho seamy and offensive side of human naturo, mado so prominent amongst lattor-day ^raipatiot.s" Mr. Garner will again appoar on the stage, and included in his company will be Mr. Walter Bentley, Miss Edith Blaude, Miss Ethel Haydon, Miss Annie Taylor and Miss Jennie Watt Tanner. English and American novelties are pro mised, and theatre-goers may rely upon the word of the organiser of the London Comedy Company, that " every endeavour will be made to make the^ result as near perfection as possible in every detail." * * * Pinero's drama, The Second Mrs. Tanqueray, appar ently completely puzzled the audience which crowded the Sydney Lyceum Theatre last Saturday. The dialogue is pungent, almost too epigrammatic to enable the actors to deliver their lines in the con versational tones suited to the scene. The opinions expressed are also often too cynical to be accepted by wholesome-minded people who desire the diver sion, not dissection, of what Lucas Malet terms "the great mystery of sex." A Sydney critic has hit the weakness of Mr. Pinero's play in comparing him with Ibsen. Ibsen, "after all, deals always with the vital and eternal problems which arise out of our common human nature. Mr. Pinero contents himself with mere manners and conventions; or, at the most, with the truisms of elementary morality." Mrs. Brough presents a Paula Tanqueray with the temper of a termagant, and the disposition of a Becky Sharp, a reading of the character quite in accordance with the dialogue, but not calculated to excite the sympathy of the audience. It is probable, however, that she will modify the personation, bring ing into prominence the secret remorse for her evil life, the struggle between conscience and vanity. Mr. Titheradge is well suited to the part of the infatuated widower. Mr. Renouf was not quite at his ease as the experienced Captain Hugh Ardale. Mr. Boucicault's Cayley Drummle was a little too effusive. Mr. Ward supplied the low comedy element of the drama by his personation of Sir George Orreyed. Miss Temple was overweighted in the character of the lascivious Lady Orreyed. Miss Noble created a very good impression as Ellean, the charming ingenue, who, knowing very little of the life of "demi-mondaines," secretly thinks that re formed rakes make the most delightful of husbands. * * * Mb. George Jtignold's revival of Sims' drama, The Lights n' London, continues to be a powerful attrac tion at Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney, The plot alnd the sensational incidents appear to have an unfailing interest for theatre- goers. At the Sydney Theatre lioyal, the drama entitled A Wife's Peril, an adaptation by Shirley of a French play, well-known in Australians Impulse, was pre sented on Saturday. The principal actors were Miss Blanche Lewis, Miss Louie Amey, Mr. Albert Norman, Mr. Cyril Keightley and Mr. Herbert AbIi t.on, Buckstone's comedietta, JVaa, the Good-for Nothing, precoded the drama, Miss Polly Emery.play ing the part of Nan. The perennial East Lynne was produced at' the Sydney Bijou Theatre last Saturday, Miss Gladys. Leigh personating the lnchrymose grass widow. The Strategist was performed on Monday, and then the company terminated their season in Sydney. Mb. Frank Thornton .arrived in Melbourne on Tuesday morning last from .Adelaide. Mr. Louis John Lohr is now connected with the Thornton Arnold Company in a managerial capacity. Miss Myra Kemble has left for England by the Oroya, in order to consult Dr. Braxton-Hioka, the London pliysioian, Mb. J. 0. Williamson wan interviewed on his arrival in London by the representative of the Era, Mr. Williamson reminded the London aritios that he also belongs to tho innsr circle of the profession wliioh they guard so jealously. Thirty years ago Mr. "Williamson was a leading member of .Tames Wallaok's company in New York, having worked his way to tho front by his own ahility rather than by tho social influence of being the son of a popular medical practitionor of Pennsylvania. Tn 1874 Mr. Williamson commenced his career with Struck Oil, and, aftor his Australian tour, ho played for a whole year at the London Adolphi Theatre under the managoinont of tho late Mr, Chattorton. Mr. Williamson told his interviewer that his return to Australia was due to his determination to assort his rights to tho G ilbert and Sullivan comic operas which he had purchased. It cost him a good deal of money to establish his claim at law, but he did it. Speak ing of rocont vontures, Mr. Williamson declared that tho Molbourno publics were very particular about having operas and dramatic performances prosontod with all the detail and sumptuousnoss of London productions, though a run for over eight weeks is very exceptional. Mr. Williamson, however, on tho whole, is contont with the profits of his manage ment. Ho confossos ho was disappointed with the result of Italian opera, especially as in addition tc principals of established fame, Signor Guorrora, tho conductor, said tho chorus was infinitely hotter than in Italy. Tho host receipts over obtained by Mr. Williamson out of his rocont ventures were from tho Sarah Bernhardt season. Mr. Williamson is arranging for tho purchaso of over a thousand pounds worth of drosses for tho production of Utopia, Limited, Ma. Arthur Lawrenoo, lato of the Brough-Bouoi canlt Comedy Company, writes to Ids frionds in Austvfvttft vnatj after hie swopppatvil appoartwiop in New York production of Ibsen's Ghosts, he was at once engaged by Mr. Dan Frolimann for two years Prior to his fine impersonation of Pastor Manders lie says that ho " could get no one to look at him."' lie adds that the best public in New York laugh at melodrama, and insist that in future it will never again be seen in the Broadway, " especially after A Woman's Revenge having turned out a failure." In this production Mr. Lawrence appeared as the un scrupulous solicitor and arch villain of the piece, and, according to the Nav York Herald, made "the hit of the evening, playing with capital distinction, fire, energy, and admirable polish." Mr. J. J. Miller, the theatrical printer, of Mel bourne, has considerable pecuniary interest in Fillis' Circus, and has a representative, Mr. T. F. Mount travelling with it. Recently, when the circus was at Newcastle, a dispute arose between Mr. Mount and Ajlbert B. Odgers, a ticket taker, over certain financial arrangements,ending, so Mr. Mount alleged, in an assault committed on him by Ogers. The outcome was a summons for assault issued by Mount again'st Odgers. At the hearing in Sydney last week, Odgers admitted that Signor Agrati and himself had a dispute with the complainant, but lie denied that he assaulted him. He had " meant" to pull his nose, but Mount dodged him. The bench, however, thought that an assault had been com mitted, and inflicted a fine. Miss AnniB Montague and Mr. Charles Turner have returned to Sydney from Honolulu by the Alameda. Miss Montague's visit to her island home lasted five months, and was one long holiday of fetes and entertainments given in her honour by the principal personages of the Hawaiian group. Misa Montague had the pleasure of hearing her mother, Mrs. Coolce, who is now over 80, sing "Homo, Sweet Home " with a purity of tone which few mortals 10 tain at anything like, that age. The popular oper atic artiste comes of a long-lived race, as her grand mother attained the venerable age of 95 years. The Australasian rights of two plays, The Lion's Heart and The Yorkshire Lass, have been purchased by Mr. W. .T. Holloway. Manning's English Opera "Company concluded their Perth season with Maritana. At the conclusion of the opera the mayor, Mr. A. Forrest, entertained the leading artistes of the company with a fruit and champagne supper. Mr. Manning has promised the Perth people.to return for a short season soon. Pot,nAim's Lilliputian Opera Company gave a sacred concert at Her Majesty's Opera House, Bris bane, on Sunday last, and on Monday they closed their Brisbane season with The Gondoliers. The All Nations Minstrel and Novelty Company are strengthened by theaddition of Mr. Nat Braham, the "magician and wizard. The company are still attracting big houses at the Brisbane Theatre Royal. Mr. George Walton's Musical Comedy Company opened their season at-the Theatre Royal, Brisbane, on April 9. Skipped by the Light af the Moon, is one of the chief items on a good programme, Mr. Allan Hamilton's tour with the Alliambra iVaiuety Company finished at Hobart on April 17. ' Mr. Snazelle is in England again. Miss May Brooklyn, late a member of the stock jcompany now performing at the Baldwin Theatre, San Francisco, committod suioide a few weeks ago. She separated from her husband, Mr. Walter Bentley, the well-known tragedian, about ten years ago, and had continued in her profession ever sinoo. Report isays that she was engaged to marry- a wealthy Iman, but in a fit of nervous prostration ho shot iliimself some months since, and it is thought she ihrooded very much over it, The "Ta-ra-raing" Miss Lottie Collins lias boon 'having a bad time of it lately in San Francisco, 'where she has been "guyed" by the gallery hoys land laughed at by the Press. Lottio lost her toinpoi land declared "she was an English lady and oouu whip the follow who wrote the artiolo ridiculing h ias easily as Corbett did Mitchell, and , ithree rounds about it either," Tho inoidont ha proved a porfoot "haul" for Miss Grnoie Plaistod, a ■ the Tivoli, who makes any amount of fun out or it" A. M its. Scott-Thorpe, described by an Engb11'' paper as a "celebrated Shakspearian vooitor, announced to visit Australia and New /oftllV shortly. Tho lady, who has livod for years in J» rn < . has rocoivod many tempting o If era to go on French stago, but has doolinod thorn all. 