£ timtffit & mztinl Plant* often exhibit something very much like intelligent If a bucket of water dur ing a dry season be placed a few inches from a growing pumpkin or melon vine, the hitter will get one of its leaves in the water. If a prop or support of any kind be placed within six inches of a climbing plant, the tendrUls of the plant will surely find it, even though its position be shifted every day. It seems that every creature has its deadly enemy, and some specimens many more than others. Flies are at certain seasons, usually during the latter part of summer, attacked by a parasite that fastens upon their bodies. Their favourite location is around the win^s and the shoulders. Those tiny creatures grow rapidly, and soon become so fall of blood as to be perceptible to the naked eye. They soou exhaust tbe source of supply, and leave the wretched victim little more taan a shell, when it attaches itself to tome con venient place and gives up the ghost. Steel lace is a novelty. The lace looks as fine as any Brussels lace, and is equally as soft to the touch. 'This,' said the gentle man who showed the specimens, 'is only an Pituburg mill, and sent me to show what rime otlier patterns will be made, heavier, perhaps, but certainly more tenacious than thia piece.' cases if the object were to invite tbe lightning to strike the building 'protected' by the rod, a better arrangement could hardly l-c adopted. He says that it is essential to the protecting power of the rod th&* it should be connected with a plate of good conducting material and lar^e area closely embedded in the earth. Such a plate, he says, 'consti- tutes a. wide door through which the elec tricity posses freely into the eirtli, its disruptive and damaging effects beini; thereby avoided. Almost all astronomers agree in supposing great whirling nebula, or cloud, filling tbe whole space now occupied by the tolar system, and that the system has come into its present condition by tbe slou* condensation of this primeval cloud. The smaller globes — th« planets — have solidified and ceased to down more or leas completely, like*be earth. Rut in the great central globe the process is millions nf years lo come, so that it still and blazes with a brilliance more dazzling than any human art cau produce. For further for an explanation of the intensitv of sunlight.— Professor Young. Dr. Littlewood describes in 77w Lancet a method by which he has in seven cases suc cessfully removed needles from the body. The part supposed to contain the needle is thoroughly rubbed over with an electric magnet so as to magnetise the metal if pre sent. A delicately balanced magnetic needle is held over the part. If the needle is present its position can be ascertained -by the attrac tion or repulsion of tht poles of the magnetic needle. Having ascertained tbe presence of the needle, and rendered the part bloodless needle : the electro magnet is then inserted in the wound, and the needle felt for a»d withdrawn. If the needle is firmly imbedded the positive pole of a galvanic battery is placed oq the surface of the body of the mtieiit-, and the negative pole in conttct with the needle, which becomes loosened by elec trolosis, and can then be easily removed by tbe electro magnet. Almost contemporaneously with the inven tion of the bullet-proof cloth comes a report of the discovery of fire and steel proof wood. Several pieces of ironwood have long been known, and have been widely -used, on account of their extraordinary weight and hardness, in the manufacture of such articles as axles and ploughs. These, however, appear to be entirely surpassed by a certain tree found in the Northern Transvaal, regard ing which M. Basianx, at present travelling in South African has transmitted a note to the Geographical Society of France. The wood* says the Westminster Gazette^ is a sort of ebony, and is so excessively hard that it cannot be cut or worked iu the ordinary manner, except vrhen green. When mature and dry it resists every known tool, and either blunts or breaks the finest tempered steeL It is, apparently, almost impregnable agaiast fire, as it required a fortnight's con stant burning to reduce the trunk of one of the trees to ashes. The wood, though heavy, is considerably lighter than iron or steel. If it ohould be found to exist in any quantity, and satisfactory means of working it are dis covered, it is thought that it may find an ex tensive application in the arts. ' Solid and Liquid States of Matter ' was tbe subject upon which Professor Dewar lectured at the Royal Institution the other day. Mr. Lennox, tbe demonstrator, applied considerable pressure — forty tons to tbe square inch — to a block of ice — with the result that the spectators were able to see the ice forced out of a hole in the bottom of tbe compressor in the form of a very tbin wire. Sut ice was none the less a brittle substance ; and if we cooled it (as the lecturer did be pouring liquid «dr upon it).it would crack all over— which the ice obligingly did. But the prettiest experiment of the afternoon wan the last. Professor Dewar cook one of his goblet-shaped vacuum vessels and poured about a couple of tablespoonfuls of liquid air into it. The at mosphere of the goblet then became bo cold that when its image n-as projected npon the screen the spectators could see a tiny snow storm going oq m the glass. ' And now, said tbe Professor, 'I will see if we can freeze a soap-bubble.*' He then lowered a soap-bubble into the frozen atmosphere with an iron wire. Upon the screen the spectators b&w; the image of the bobble darker, and its movements slower. Suddenly it contracted. globule fell away from the wire and floated like a transparent eggshell on tbe liquid air — where it was an object of considerable atten tion on the part of those who stopped behind to congratulate or question the lecturer. It may be added that the Royal Society has granted Professor Dewar £400 to enable him to carry on his investigations in low tern* peratures. A coloured woman, who has just died in America, left £1000 to found a scholarship in Harvard University- for poor coloured students. The donor in early life was a slave. One night, with her husband and child, she escaped, and succeeded in reaching British territory. A fellow slave who accom panied them was recaptured. Husband and wife set to work and raibed $700, with which they purchased the freedom of their comrade. The London correspondent of the Melbourne Argus thus refers to the projected Australian deposit trust, some particulars of which have already beeo furnished in our cablegrams; — ' The Stock, Conversion, and Investment lian bank deposit trust, which will invite de positors in five of tbe reconstructed banks to exchange their deposits for an equivalent in stock of the trust. The operations of the trust will be at present limited to £2,000,000, aud this sum will be spread over the five bunks, namely, the Australian Joint Stock Bank, London Bank of Australia, tbe Com mercial Bunk of Australia, the Bank of Victoria, and the National Bank of Austral asia, in the proportion of £500,000 to each of tbe first three bonks, and £'250,000 to the other two. The stock of the truet company which will be exchanged for the deposits will consist of £1,075,000 of firBt-cbarge stock bearing 4 per cent, interest, £600,000 of second charge stock bearing 4A per cent., and £325,000 reversionary stock.' To put the matter as briefly as possible, the trust offers *o buy deposits to the extent of £500,0UO in the Australian Joint Stock Bank, the London bank of Australia, and the Commercial Bank of Australia respectively, and to tbe extent of £250,00:) in the Bank of Victoria and the National Bank of Australasia, respectively. receive for every pound a. pound's worth of stock of the trust in about the following pro portions : 10s. 9d. in first-charge stock bear ing 4 per cent, interest, 6a. in second -charge stock bearing 4£ per cent., 3s. 3d. in rever sionary stock. These proportions vary according to the bank in which rhe deposit in, but tueaboveare the average prices. Although this proposal has been submitted to tbe banks whose deposits the trust proposes to deal in it i& really a matter of indifference to the banks whether the scheme is carried out or not. Supposing it is successfully worked out it simply means that the debt is transferred from one creditor to another. The banks, therefore, will probably maintain an entirely neutral position with regard to the scheme. The particulars have not yet been allowed to transpire in London, so that no expression of I financial opinion caa be recorded. It may be mentioned that the scheme has been forma- ! lated by Mr. Faithfull Begg, a member of the : Stock Exchange and old colonist.'' j 