POLITICAL POINTS. TflK Government bill to make provision for the purchase of laud suitable for immediate settlement, and for facilitating the settlement thereof, atond first on the Assembly business paper on Tuesday. It provod a sufficiently fertile source of talk to occupy the whole of the sitting, which laBted until 11 o'clock. Mr. Barlow's speech in Introduoingthe measure was chiefly remarkable for its utter absence of enthusiasm, and gave rise to doubts as to whether the Government were in earneat, or merely playing with the question. He con fined himself strlotly to the purely mechanical ta«k ot explaining the sevoral sections of the bill, which members of course clearly under stood. Aa to the neceaaity for the measure, 'or the reasons which hadaotuated the Govern ment in bringing it forward, he was aa silent as the sphinx. H"l« excuse for refraining from making a speech was that the subject had been sufficiently debated wben the question TO before Parliament in 1881. But there has been a general election since, and tbe consti tution ot the present Assembly is very differ ent to that of the House which was sent to tbe ooontry last year. It the support of the new members was desired, full and ample reasons should have been given for bringing down inch . bill. No sucb reasons were vouchsafed, and from their absence members not unnaturally coboladed that Ministers did not oare very mnoh what became of the measure. The acci dent of circumstance! bad forced Mr. Barlow intjp tbe position of atep-fatber of the bill, but be evidently wished the House to understand that:he sras not tta natural parent. Mr. Powzbs was not alow to comment on the don'lHiare-twopenoe attitude of the Minis ter (or Lands, ana he quoted from a speeoh doltvertd in 1881 by tbe present Premier, who then toikupa position of onoompromlsing hostility to (be principle of tbe measure. Mr. Nelson rather astonished the House by stating tint ve held very much the same opinion still. Theblllhadbeen brboght down indeferenoe to ;publio opinion, wbloh bad demanded the Cotoviertlon of the Downs sheep-walks Into cul tivittobareas. Iftblschangecouldbebrought aboirtwlthontoost to the general taxpayer, it would be a velfy good thing for the country. And the bill was being submitted with the object of giving the Gorarnnient powerto make' theexptmnsnt. The lands whloh it was fle .lrfedtoaoquire might be purchased and paid for In 4 per cent, debentures of twenty years' sajrrenoy, or might be recovered by exchange. TbelPntaler'a speech, though by no means oftluaiattio.et lsast possessed some life. And in.thbunmeot itoontrasted favorably with the trim! flelftttanoe of his colleague the Minister for I*nds. * .. _» '. . ' ? . Taitteniber for Maryborough did notobject tothef^olpleof the measure. He agreed tbjkt KwaiaSsirable to inibstitute farmiug for gifc^g/.Wd .'that the land neoessary to pro vldi tionfeitor small 'settlers ought to be pur chased Jo districts where no Crown lands were available.'! But he wanted power vested in Parliament torevlew every provisional con tr«t fyrptmihaMentered into fay the Govern . metttiiitJ be objected to the land acquired belnsthroWnoptn tb unconditional selection. OntSheSe points the majority of the speakers wtfewith Wfr. -Powers. Ministers, however, held tbatunleuthe'Goranment were allowed . to make barailns the bill would fall, for land owners would not consent to have tbeir'offete' .ubttltted to Fariiamnt. They Would argue that»lf Parliament rejected their offers, the land -^ronld be depfoolated in value. More over, their private aSklrs would be exposed to the public sue. But, while holding oat for the bill as It stood, thePremler asldTiewonld fe^jSJ^IItowers M fataLlto'the measure" though he was afraid they would cause it to remain a dead, tetter. The Central members opposed the provision for exdiange, fearing that land In'their part of the colony-" our land" they described it-would be given tn payment for the Dowip freeholds. . » . . * . « $BcLeader of the Labor party stoutly op posed the fiJll, and ha found a warm supporter In 'the,-member fyt Balpnne (Mr. Morenead). Uurke hu-a keen^oentfor corruption, and be Sawln the bill innumerable opportunities for jobbery of the woret description. Indeed, he Insinuated .that the Government bad brought doWfc ibe bUI with the object ot "being good to their Minds." ' Balonne was apparently of Very touch the same opinion, though he did not »ay»o insuchpl&irilanguage.; He wanted -theHousenot to again submit to the domi SslbM tftbe'Downs members, who had bossed theconntn In the vast, ana Would'bbss it again IftheygottEe chanqe, Mr. Morgan commented on the strange coalition between 'the radical from Burke and the Tory from. Balthtiel evidently' forgetting the interview whloh' Mr. Moreheadgranted to* Press repre sentative In Rookhkinjpton some time ago, daring wbloh he described himself as " one of the «K>st radloal members of the Queensland Assembly." If this description be true, then Mr. Glaasey must be one of the most Conser vators. However, they coalesced on the pres ent'ocoaslon. Possibly the House will see them sitting oheek by jowl on the front Tree suty bench in tbe sweet by-snd-bye. ti wae oertii&l;^ either frsmailiable to find the nftmber»|» » bo4y, pot onlyspeak lag, but Wio voting, against a measure de signed to prpvlde homes for the.people. As the member, for'Warwick'pointed out, such msMinres'iiiVatfably commanded the approval and support of the Liberal and Labor parties in the parliament of New Zealand, where the dlsttoptlon of the blg estates was regarded as a matter of first importance.. With the ex ception of Mr. Daniels and Mr. Wilkinson, the whole of the member for Burke's followers racked themselves in opposition to the bill; but it is only fair to point out that Mr. Reld was'Amongst tboae who approved of the prin ciple; though hei found serious fault with the details. Mr. Glassey missed, an opportunity la his attitude towards the measure. Finding that Ministers were so half-hearted on so Important a question, he would havesoored by pointing this out clearly f then, having stated his objeotion to the details, he might have accepted the principle as sound and announced his Intention of rallying his fol lowers to assist in affirming it, reserving the right to impose ample safe-guards when the measure was uuder consideration in committee. But,' Instead ot doing this, he polled his party against a thoroughly sound democratic measure, simply because the details were faulty. In doing so he undoubtedly com mitted a blunder.. The people want land, anil the member for Burke ought not to give tliem reason to think that he and Ills followers are opposed to making land available. PROBABLY the best epoech beard during (ho debate *u that delivered by Mr. Groom, who effectually disposed of Mr. Qlaesey'e conten tion that there had been no demand for the bill, The member for Tonwoomba gave an interesting retumri of the history of settlement on the Darling Downs, and predicted highly benefiolal results from tbo operation of tlie measure shonld it beoome law. Mr. Rell also ?poke forcibly, and Mr. Allan likewise wel comed the proposals of the Government. Most of the other Downs members had some thing to say on the subject, Mr. Daniels declaring that the people of the Downs were opposed to the bill as it stood, though they wonld like to aee it passed if the power of Parliament to deal with every proposed pur chase or exchange wa« reserved. A division on the motion for tbo second reading was taken at 11 o'clock, tbo voting being as i follows:- | Avm, 71*2.-Messrs. Neleon, ToMr, Phllp, Barlow, Byrnes, Anncar, Potrie, Lord, It. If, 8mith, Midson, Watson, Pattersby, Mcltoster, Foxton, Tooth, Ann stronjr, Atrnuw, Palrymple, Daniels, Cnrfleld, Duffy, W, Thorn, Hell, Cullan, Grimes, E. J. Stevens, Allan, Dickson, Archer, IMunkctt, Morgan, Fngarty. Nobs, 16. - Mc«srs, Olatssoy, J]'Donald, Cross. Curtis, Kerr, Fisher, lJirnvne, Drake, Dawson, Turloy, Jackion, 0^rden, Hawlin^s, Hoi'), Dunslord. Pair.-Mr. Groom for, Mr. Morohcad against. With such a spanking majority the Govern ment ought to have no hesitation in going on with the bill. Hut if the Labor members should pursue obstructive tacticts in committee, the chances are that the Government will abandon the measure, LOVELY woman, whoso thoughts run in the direction of the Legislature, met with her first rebuff in the Assembly on Tuesday evening, The member for Maryborough, who knows how to be gallant though married, had some days previously brought down amotion having in view the dual object of plucking some of the feathers from the pinions of the male voter and sticking them into the embryo wings of the unfranchised female. Members listeued respectfully to what the htm. gentleman had to say on behalf of his fair clients, listeued and sympathised, bat were not convinced, hb the sequel proved. The attendance was meagre on Friday night-even the attractions of so attractive a subject, added to the magnetic influence o{ the occupants of the elevnted gal lery on Mr. SpeakerVs left, were insufficient to keep any considerable number of members in the Chamber-and it was therefore mutually agreed to defer the division until Tuesday evening, when the attendance generally runB up to about three score. Accordingly, the bells rang out soon after 9 on Tuesday night and members came trooping in from the library and smoking-room to blast tbe hopes of the well-meaning ladies who pine for more political power than they at present possess. The voting was fairly close-28 for emancipation, as against 32 for maintaining tbe status quo. The majority, of course, inoluded most of the rusty-crusty bold-bad bachelors of the House. The brutes I But a time will come ! THE progress made with the Estimates on Wednesday was on the whole more satisfactory than on previous Supply days. Members were in good temper during the afternoon and early part of the evening, and Ministers in charge of voteswere discreet. Under such circumstances the House sets on wonderfully well. The votes went through steadily ; but not one of them escaped critfolsm. There was the usual discussion about the iniquities of the electoral registrars-whose sins are, accord ing to some , of the Labor members, as the sands of the sea shore for multitude-and the committee1 waltsed up and down tbe items from blacks' blankets to loans to cemeteries, from social science to the sooial evil, and from the rescue of mogdalens to the remedy for measles. The latter subject was broached while the vote for the steamer Lucluda was under consiieration. The smart steam yacht-usually reserved for the nse of governors, admirals, oabinet minis ters, andotber officials of high degree- recently carried a cargo of special constables from! Bundaberg to Rockhampton. On the voyage j one of the pleblan pro-tern, polioeraen devel- i oped measles, and his companions havesinoe distributed the germs of tho disease indiscri-. minately and impartially among the regular " coppers," tbe shearers and rouseabouts, the unionists and free laborers, of the proclaimed districts in which thoy-the special police, not the microbes-are now engaged in enforcing the Coercion Act. Referring to this incident, Mr. Reld inquired whether since her return the Luoinda had been fumigated 1 The Colo nial Seoretary did sot vouchsafe a reply, and when the Labor members next go pic-nicking fb thepretty little steamer they will have to do so oppressed by tbe horrible thought that the livelyuicrcbe is going with (hem, to sit >like a ghost at the feast, and later on to dine upon his guests. TEE member for Clermont, if Pugh's " Men of the Time" Is to be believed, first saw the light in " dear old England" just about the time when Queensland won her iudopendenoe He came out to the colony away back in the late seventies, full fifteen years ago, and has sinoo learned more of our early history thau is known to those who were actually engaged in its making-or to anybody else, for that matter. On Wednesday night he told the Bouse and the country a fearsome story of the wrongs done to the blacks by the early squat ters, whose sins he had "readabout." Queens landers, he declared, bad murdered the abori ginals by wholesale, and the colony's name was dyed with tbe blood of untold numbers of these unhappy people. Mr. Cross appears to have a been appetite for horrors, and he loseB no opportunity of slandering his adopted couu 1 try and its inhabitants. It is not so long ago since he told a Sydney gathering that the con ditions of life on the sugar plantations of Queensland were, so far as the kanakas are oonoerned, as bad aa those under which the negro lived In America in the pre-emanoipation days. If these evils exist, and the member for Clermont is aware of the faot, it is his duty as a legislator to enlighten the House and the country, so that remedfal measures may be adapted'; bnt so far the attempt to supply proof has not advanced beyond the stage of mere bald assertion baaed on hearsay evidence. * V . . . * . Thb member for Fitisroy (Mr. Callan) and the member for Warrego (Mr. Crombie) pioneers both-defended tbe names of their contemporaries and tho fame of the colouy against , the aspersions so lightly cast upon them by Mr. Cross. The member for Warrego ridiculed the stories told to the member for1 Clermont as apocryphal. Tlicy tvere mere inventions crammed into timid city newspaper reporters by frontier squatters with a turn for practical joking. He had assisted in " stuff ing" one of these gentlemen with fairy tales of the description they had just listened to. The reporter-"!) question represented a Sydney weekly whj/!n dearly.lovcs sensationalism, and to keep hiti indoors, and so dn away with the necessity of carting him round the station, they soared him with blood-curdling romances of terrible encounters with untamed myalls. He took it all in, went south in due course, and wrote up his notes in & narrative which kept the hair of his subscribers on eud for many months. The gentleman to whom he referred was now a member of the House fof Commons, and his name was . On second thoughts, Mr. Crombie said he would not give the name. But the House had no difficulty in identifying Mr. HennikerHaaton, the "mem ber for Australia," aB the individual referrod to. Mr. DRAKE questioned the wisdom and the morality of Mr. Cromhie's conduct In contri buting to the publication of Bueb Hbeta upon the colony, and Mr. Hamilton hart a word to say in defence of the blacks. Bo knew quite as much about thein as the member for war rego, and had onoe had a "boy" whom he trusted " just M Implicitly us he trusted any member of the House," There were more blacks in the Cooke than in any other elec torate in the colony. .. Why, he could take the member for warrego to a place in his electorate where he would be eaten in lesB than a week." Mr. Crombie said he had no desire to be converted into food for the member for Cooke's constituents; ho could quite under stand, however, why they did not cat their own member. Mr. Hamilton is spare of form, with muscles like masses of gristle, and would require careful cooking. Ho joined heartily iu tho laugh which followed Mr. Cioinbic's sally. Mr. GM.HSKY and a few of his followers I kept the House sitting until nearly 1 o'clock on Thursday morning. 15y that time the whole of the votes for the Colonial Secretary's and Wnrks Department!* had been disposed of. Discussion during (ho latter portion of [ the sitting WRB devoted uhiefly to the vote for the Labor Rurcait, an institution which Mr. : Glasacy asserted was being used as a tncuns of forcing down wages. The charge was stoutly ! denied; tho Government did uot interfere in any way in suoh matters, nor did any of their ofticorfl, but relief would certainly not bo con* tinued to men who wore offered work and would not tako it. Then there was a com* plaint that the Bureau had iasuud railway passes to men who wero willing to go WcBt and take up the work that the mou on fitrike had refused on the terms offered hy the squatters. The Bureau, Mr. Hcid contended, ought to romain neutral in industrial disputes. This brought Mr. Barlow to his feet with the charge that the present distressful condition of the colony was all the fault of the Labor party, and the assertion that there would be no relief until that party was annihilated. The Minister was sleepy, and he WAS likewise angry; and when Mr. Barlow is angry he never gets out of the way of the enemy. Mr. Glassey retorted in unparliamentary language, describing the Minister for Lands as a "con founded knave," and was of course called upon to withdraw, which he did. Peace was even tually restored, aud the combatants went home to the beds which they ought to have been in hours before. 