KATHERNE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER VII.—(Continued.) The boat flew nearer. The man leaned over and picked up my lady. Major Frankland scrambled in after. ''Rather a close finish !'' their deliverer said coolly.''You were doing your best to make the bottom. Are you all right there, sir ? Look after the lady, will you ? I think she is going to faint.'' Bat Lady Dangerfield did not faiut— too much cold water, perhaps. She glanced at her preserver, and noticed even in that moment that he was one of the very handsomest men it had ever been her good fortune to behold. She glanced at herself. Good Heaven ! halt the exquisite abundance of curls and braids she had set forth with that morning were furlongs out at sea, her complexion was a wretched ruin, and her lovely pink grenadine, in which she had looked not a day over twenty-five one short hour ago—that pink grenadine, all puffings, and frillings, and flounces—no! words are poor and weak to describe the state of that dress. The boat, flying before the rising wind, made the shore in five minutes. Lady Dangerfield had not spoken one word ; tears of shame and mortification were standing in her eyes. Why, oh, why, had she ever come on this wretched trip — this miserable picnic, at all ? What business had Major Frankland to propose going out in a boat when he wasn't capable of handling a boat ? What a fright she must look — hatless, hairless, comparatively com- plexionless, and her bright, gossamer summer skirts clinging about her like wet leeches ? What must this remarkably good-looking and self-possesaed gentleman sitting yonder steering, think of her ? He was not thinking of her at all ; he was watching, with an amused face, Miss Hallam calmly and deliberately swimming ashore, and all the other people standing like martyrs in the rain. ''Now, then, madame !'' He sprang out and almost lifted her on the sands. ''Very sorry for your mishap, and if I might presume to offer a suggestion, would recommend an instant return home and a change of garments. Good-day, sir; your boat's all right— floating ashore.'' And then this cool gentleman, without waiting for thanks, or further ado, pushed off again, and skimmed away like a sea-gull. Such a plight as this pleasure party stood in when Sir Arthur and Lady Cecil rejoiced them ! Wet through, all their fine feathers spoiled— every one of the ladies in as miserable a plight as the ship- wrecked party themselves — every one drenched to the skin. Lady Cecil's dark eyes, full of suppressed fun, were lifted to the baronet's; there was a grave smile even at the corners of his sedate mouth. It was wonderful how they understood each other, and how much nearer they were then than they had been that morning. Of course the picnic broke up in the most''admired disorder,'' and at once. The wet mermaids were packed damp and dripping into the carriages and whirled away to Scarswood as fast as the horses could trot to the distance, Lady Dangerfield bewailing her fate, her narrow escape for her life, and anon wondering who her preserver could be. ''He had the air of a military man,'' she said : ''There was no mistaking it; and he was bronzed and bearded, and somewhat foreign-looking. A gentleman, beyond the shadow of a doubt, with a bow of a Lord Chesterfield or a court chamberlain, and the whitest teeth I ever saw.'' It was evident Major Frankland had a rival. ''I wish I had asked his name, and invited him to call, my lady went on.'' Common courtesy re- quired it ; but, really, I was so confused and frightened, and all the rest of it, that I thought of nothing. Abominable in Jasper Frankland to let the boat upset. I'll never forgive him. What could that stranger have thought of me, such a horrible fright as I must look.'' ''My dear Ginevra, does it matter what this stranger thinks ? We are all grateful to him for coming to your rescue so opportunely ; but as to his good opinion, I don't perceive that that is a matter of consequence one way or the other.'' '' One doesn't want to look like a scarecrow,'' returned her ladyship, indignantly,' 'even before strangers; and he was so distinguished looking, and had the finest eyes, Queenie. Perhaps he maybe one of the officers from the Castleford barracks.'' ''I thought we had all the officers from the Castleford barracks, and if any of them are emin- ently distinguished-looking, I have hitherto failed to perceive it.'' '' We might have had him over for our theatricals tomorrow night, if I had only had presence of mind enough to ask his name. But how can one have presence of mind when one is drowning ? And to lose my hat and my — my frizzes, and everything ! Queenie, how is it that you have escaped so com- pletely? Where did Sir Arthur take you ?'' ''To Bracken Hollow. We were caught in the first of the storm, and had to run for it. Such a race! Even Sir Arthur Tregenna, the most dignified of mankind, does not look dignified scampermg away trom a rain-storm.'' Lady'Cecil laugheri maliciously. ''It does people good to comedown off their stilts once in a while, and put their high- mightiness in their pocket. Really, it has been a day of extra ordinary adventures altogether.'' '' Yes,'' said Lady Dangerfield, crossly ; ''and adventures are much nicer to read of than to take part in. I don't want adventures out of Mudie's select novels.'' ''A day of adventures,'' went on Lady Cecil, laughing. ''You get upset in the midst of the raging ocean, lightning flashing, thunder crashing, rain falling — and what rhymes to falling, Ginevra, besides bawling ? And, at the last moment, up rushes the gallant knight to the rescue, handsome, of course, gentlemanly also, military likewise, and -with the bow of a — court chamberlain, I think you said? And for me, my knight takes me into the Haunted Castle, and we hear and see the ghost of Bracken Hollow.'' ''Oh, Sir Arthur is your knight, then, is he ?'' interrupted her ladyship, sarcastically. '' I thought it would come to that in the end. We don't refuse thirty thousand a year, do we, Queenie, darling, in spite of all our fine poetical, cynical talk of buying and selling. And what Bracken Hollow ? And what ghost ?" ''What Bracken Hollow ! There's only one, and your husband says it's haunted. I suppose he ought to know; he seems to be an authority on the subject of goblins and ghosts. Of my own knowledge, I can say it is as dismal and dull looking a place as ever I laid eyes on — iu the words of the poet, ' A lonesome lodge that stands so low in lonely glen.' And a grim and sombre old woman — a sort of Sussex 'Norma of the Fitful Head' — presides over it. And at the upper window we saw a most ghostly face, and from an upper chamber we heard a most ghostly cry. ' Norma of the Fitful Head' accounted for it in some way about a raven and a country girl.; but I don't think she expected us to believe it. And then I am sure — certain — I saw----'' But Lady Cecil paused. Why should she create an unpleasantness between the governess and Lady Dangerfield by telling of seeing her there? That there was no mistake she was convinced. Miss Hernecastle's was not a face to be mistaken any where — not at all the sort of face we mean when we say ''it will pass in a crowd.'' Most people in any crowd would have turned to look twice at the very striking face of my lady's nursery governess. Lady Cecil went up to her room at once, and rang for her maid. In her damp dress she stood before the open window while she waited, and looking down she saw, immediately beneath her, in the rose garden, Miss Herncastle ! Miss Herncastle, calm, composed, pale, grave, lady-like, and looking, with her neatly arranged dress and serene manner, as though she had been there tor hours, the last person possible to be guilty of any escapade what ever. She looked up, smiled, bowed, turned slowly, and disappeared down a lime walk. Lady Cecil stood transfixed. What did it mean ? Miss Herncastle looked a very clever person, but she was not clever enough, surely, to be in two places at once. That was Miss Herncaatle she had seen at Bracken Hollow less than an hour ago; and now Miss Herncastle was here. She could not have walked the distance in the time — she could not have ridden. And if it was not Miss Herncastle, who then was it she had seen ? ''Oh, nonsense.!'' Lady Cecil cried, tapping her slippered foot impatiently. ''I know better. It was Miss Herncastle. Desiree,'' to her maid. '' I see Miss Hern- castle down there. How long is it since she came in?" ''Came in,'' Desiree repeated. opening her brown French eyes. ''But , Mademoiselle, Mees Herncastle wasn't out at all. She has been in the schoolroom with her young ladies.'' ''Are you sure, Desiree ?'' ''Yes, mademoiselle.'' Desiree was sure. That is — she had been in the servants' hall herself, and not in the grounds, but of course Miss Herncastle — 'That will do, Desiree. You pull my hair when you brush and talk together. Make haste!" Desiree made haste, and in fresh slippers and rosettes, fresh organdie and ribbons, Lady Cecil tripped away to the school-room. Pearl and Pansy were there, making houses of cards. Down went the cards, and the twins surrounded Aunt Cecil immediately. ''Did she see the lightning — oh, wasn't it awful ? And the thunder — wasn't she frightened ? They were. They went up to the nursery and crept into bed, and pulled the clothes over their face. — and never spoke till it was all over.'' ''A very praiseworthy precaution, my pets. And where, all this time, was Miss Herncastle?'' '' Oh, Miss Herncastle ; poor Miss Herncaatle ; had such a headache, and had to go to bed, and they were so glad. Not for the headache, of course — they were sorry for poor Miss Herncastle — but glad that they had had a holiday. And that other dress for Seraphina'' — Seraphica was the biggest of the dolls — '' when would Aunt Cecil make that?'' '' Tomorrow, if possible. And so Miss Herncastle had a bad headache and had to go to bed. Hum-m-m ! When did she take it ?'' '' Oh, right after you all went away. And she went up to her room with some vinegar, and pulled down the blinds, and locked the door, and told Mrs. Butler she would try to sleep it off. She got up just before you came home ; I saw her come out of her room and go down to the garden.'' The door opened and Miss Herncastle came in, her roses and myrtle in her hand. She bowed to Lady Cecil, with a slight smile, crossed the room with easy grace, and placed her bouquet in a Parian vase. ''I regret to hear you have been suffering from a severe headache all day, Miss Herncaatle,'' Lady Cecil said, and the amber-clear brown eyes fixed themselves full upon the face of the governess. ''Pansy tells me you have been lying down all day. But for that. I should positively think it was your face I saw at the window of the house in Bracken Hollow.'' (To be continued.) 