The Future Capital of Australia. Any one who knows tlie relative advantages ?which nature has bestowed upon Sydney and Melbourne, viewed as ports, will read with surprise the Australasian's statement that Nature meant Melbourne to be the chief entrepot of Australasia. It has the best ;i' climate and the most central situation, and ' was until lately the chief financial centre.' The central situation we may admit, es \- pecially in view of the rapidly growing im f portance of West Australia ; the question of climate may be allowed to go tor wnat it is worth — next to nothing. The financial supremacy of Melbourne, admittedly a thing of the past, depended very largely on con tributions of trade from Eiverina and silver from Broken Hill; so that we reduce the matter to a comparison of the ports. Mel ? bourne, with its shoal bay, its narrow and tortuous Yarra; and Sydney with its deep and land-locked harbour, with abundant and absolutely safe anchorage, with miles of wharves accessible to the largest ocean-going steamers, comparison there can be none ; and our friends over the border must be in great straits for sources of con sola1 ion in their hour of adversity when they can offer such palpable make-believe confections for the encouragement of a dejected people. That a paper with the reputation of the Australasian should lend, itself to anything so artificial, so opposed to the logic of facts, goes to prove how the very atmosphere of the southern city must be saturated with the mmamfl. of protection— the denial of fact, and the cult of fiction — when such fumes could penetrate even to the sanctum of tho most avowedly freetrade representative of Vic , toria's conservative press. i # * * * # Mortgages Suspension Bill. The passing of this bill will have the effect of liberating about £14,000,000 at present impounded by the various banking corpora tions. It must appear a little singular, to any person who may take the trouble of thinking tho matter out that the Govern ment did not undertake the introduction of this measure themselves. But the fact is our present rulers have shown themselves upon every like occasion to be the true and unswerving haunchmen of Moneybags and Co. They came forward in the nick of time with a Bank Notes Bill to prop these totter ing institutions, and to secure by legislative fiat eight or ten score of rascals against the just consequence of outraged equity. But they never gave a thought to the unfortunate depositor, or the persons whose possessions were held by these corporations as security for overdrafts. Whether they were at the time capable of perceiving the injurious consequences which were certain to issue from this one-sided legislation, it is scarcely possible to determine. But in either case it is absolutely certain that the salvation of the banks was purchased by the ruin of trade, and an all round depreciation of real estate, stock, produce, &c.; The bill intro duced by Mr. Wall is a most necessary measure— a measure sanctioned by the prin ciples of justice, and one in every way calculated to relieve trade, stimulate prices, and give a renewed impetus to the business of exchange. Under present conditions a person may have five, ten, or twenty thous and pounds locked up on fixed deposit, yet, with all this, his available credit will not en able him to purchase £5 worth of real estate. While the all devouring bank or banks are protected by law in withholding his money from him for a long term of years. The re construction schemes, which have been burgled through with the aid of Government, provides that the first instalment only falls due in 1S99, and then only about £300,000 will have to be paid out of an impounded deposit fund of £14,000,000. Meanwhile the banks, having secured themselves^ at every point, commence a crusade against ' their debtors ; land, stock, and improve ments are hurled into the market much as Irish emergency men hurl furniture and other household effects into the public high ways ; and there being no money to purchase, the banks having closed their iron jaws on nearly £14 per head of the population, everything may be sacrificed for a mere fraction of its value. I do not mean to infer that the present Ministry are any more prepossessed in favour of banking in stitutions than Messrs. Gough, Rose, or O'Sullivan. They evidently owed a grudge to the country, and indulged it under cove!' of the Bank Notes Bill. However, the measure introduced by Mr. Wall will operate m dii ect opposition to the one-sided law of last session, and will be the means of liberating to some extent £14,000,000 of the purchasing power of the people out of the clutches of the banks. A. DOYLE. # * * * # . Cardinal Moran. hitting the NAIL PAIll on the head. The utterances of Cardinal Moran at Forest Lodge were such as might be expected from a broad minded and accomplished acclesiastic. His eminence cannot fail to win the approba tion of every honest man in Australia by his dry and caustic allusion to political « j saints,' those pests of parliamen'ary life who graduate from the stall and workshop to the Legislature, ai'd thence to the gaol, or some far-off land where warrants of extradition difficult of execution, He also laid the dim shadow of that traditional ghost which for nearly a generation has been made the bugbear of wry consciences on the eve of elections, by roundly declaring that lie would record his vote and use his influence to secure the return to Parliament of good Protestants rather than of bad Catholics. Honest, honourable men are needed at this time to serve in the Legislature, and it is of little consequence to the general^ body of citizens whether they belong to this church or to that, so long as they conscientiously discharge their duties to the public. Every man with a grain of common sense in the community knows as well as his eminence that the man who places his right hand on the shoulder of a 'saint ' can without shift ing his position lay his left on the back of a scoundrel. I was never an approver of ecclesiastical interference in politics, but when I read sound and sensible remarks like those of Cardinal Moran, I cannot but feel that public life would be made purer and more upright if every leading church man in the province spoke his mind on occasion, and tried to warn his people against thr: frauds and humbugs who block every avenue to public distinction, and pros titute the office of a legislator to the lowest and most abandoned uses. In reference to ' social regeneration ' by bomb- shell, I have no fear that the like will ever be attempted in this country. English speaking com munities are not given to this class of | violence, and the foreign element is not strong enough to infuse even a symptom of that destructive delirium which has so often brought terror to the hearths of continental families. If we could get over our wretched unemployed difficulty, there would not re main a single obstucle to impede our pro gress on the road to posterity. But, un fortunately, this problem is beyond the capacity of our present leaders. The Car dinal was well within the mark in partly at tributing the prevailing distress and de pression to usurious rates of interest and land mo aopoly — two cursed evils which are well calculated to bring the most energetic and self-denying people that ever lived or ever will live on this earth to poverty and desti tution. iiis wmmeuce appears sumownau any o:2 the political arena ; but, if his utterances are always such as he addressed to his audience at Forest Lodge on Sunday last, where is the man who will not welcome them, meditate upon them, and profit by them ? AXDEN DOYLE. # # # # # The Snail Parliament. The slowness of the snail is proverbial. Left to itself it travels almost imperceptibly from one point to another, and when alarmed or irritated shuts itself up in its shell ; but it gets its food all the same. So with our Legislative Assembly. In the conduct of public business it has emulated the slowness of the snail, and, when charged with its shortcomings finds any number of excuses ; but the salaries of members continue to be paid with unfailing regularity. . This, is a matter which should not be lost eiehtof during the coming general election. _ What ever difference of opinion may exist with respect to the principle of payment of mem bers, there can be none as regards the duty of those receiving salaries to do some work for the same. Yet how many hon. members attend with even moderate regularity the sittings of the Legislative Assembly ? How many have evinced by their attendance and actions a real desire to assist in furthering the business of the country ? There is any amount of futile talk, but of practical work very little. This should be a lesson to the constituencies. We want workers, not talkers, in Parliament ; men who will assist in placing our legislation on a sound and healthy basis, and so aid in reviving our lost prosperity. Snails have their uses ; so have parliamentary talkers, but this does not prevent both being regarded as nuisances, whose room is more ; welcome than their company, and with whose presence we could safely dispense. THERSITES. # # # # ?# The Central Division Leases. I In directing parliamentary attention to the unsatisfactory state of affairs in the central division, Mr. Morgan performed a public service, for during the discussion which followed it became apparent that the true principles of land legislation were beginning to be more correctly understood than formerly, and there can be no question that this fact will exercise considerable influence on the future policy of Parliament in dealing with the unalienated, lands of the colony. It was also clear that there existed a strong feeling in favour of the crown lessees in tho central j civision being granted an extension of their ! leases for portions of th,e lands occupied by j them, with permissive tenancy of the remainder until selected. This is encouraging, es pecially Mr. Copeland's declaration to the effect that it would be the duty of the Legis lature in the future to disallow the aliena tion of any portion of the crown lands of the colony except on condition^ framed to eusure continuous residence on the. same. Logisla tion in the past, has assisted in placing the selector on the land, but has failed in keep ing lvim there. Permanent residence on the land signifies its profitable Utilization, the ? progress of settlement, and check on the increase ' of, .large- estates. At. the present time there are in the central diy^sion several million acres open to selection, more than sufficient for all existing needs of bona- fide selectors, but which are of no (use to the professional selector, as their occmjation for agricultural or mixed farming ^purposes would m nowise interfere with theVsvork of the pastoralists. The cry for the throwing open of the oentral division to indiscriminate selection emanates largely from that » ( 1 ) 1 which has profited most by the black-mailmg facilities afforded by the Lands Act of 1861 and succeeding legislative measures. Al most every resident in the inland districts is familiar with instances of crown land, having little or no intrinsic value in itself, being taken up in the knowledge that, from its position the holder of adjoining lands would be compelled, in self-defence, to purchase it. This, as Mr. Copeland very justly declared, must be put a stop to. The land was in tended for the many, not the few ; but this is not the real aim of those who demand that the Legislature should repeat the mistake of 1861, and, under the pretence of bringing tho land within the reach of tho intending settler, practically hand it over to the mercy of the professional selector. It is not suffi cient to place the people on the land. They must be made to remain there, and if they abandon it, by sale or tranfer, to other than bona-fi.de settlers, it should be made to revert to the crown. JOHN PLTJMMER. 