CURRENT NOTES. Kr.w people will he disposed to quarrel with Sir George Republican Dibbs if he carries out his ^pressed intention of helping the disappointed" mill disaffected New Australians to return to the country they have so foolishly forsaken. We know all about their faults, their extraordinary anxiety to pet away from Old Australia, and the vehemence with which they abused its institutions, its public men and everything connected with the land when on the eve of departing, but \fu can afford to be magnanimous, and welcome back those of the misguided settlers ivho have discovered their mistake, and are willing to admit the error of their ways. Very few of the New Australian pilgrims are Victorians ; Queensland, New South Wales, South Australia and Tasmania practically contributed the whole of I In 1 children of the new exodus, and the Govern ini'iit of each of these provinces should back up Sir George in his generous resolve. Australia wants population of the right sort, and whilst there is any disposition on the part of her provinces to encourage European workers willing to go to the land, they cannot reasonably ignore the desire of the Australian bushinan in Paraguay to return to their own country. There is no disputing the quality of the . men who went forth with Moses Lane to find another promised land away off in America. They are most of them the pick of the bush workers of Queensland and New South Wales, sober and industrious men : also, they would not have had the money to join the silly pilgrimage, and sinhrious, or they would never have venturod on such a wild- goose chase after prosperity. These men, when they do get back and down to B'M-li again, will he all the more valuable as citizens for their recent experience, and contact with them will be the very tiling to prevent other men who may think of leaving for Paraguay from making particular fools of themselves. it ii strange that the only voice raised against the idea of helping the New Australians back '» this country was that of a labour member, ilie conspicuous Mr. Rae, who groaned over the lack of all good qualities in these men as manifested to his satisfaction by the fact that they could not agree with the angelic Lane. Mr. Hue, however, is an ardent supporter of the Sew Australian Czar, and possibly will become a in i <>f vice-autocrat himself in the same movement. if he has no luck at the next New ^ouih Wales general election. Even Mr. Rae will not leave Old Australia, with all its faults, whilst it is nilling to pay him £300 a year for wearing the letters, M.L.A., after his name. Tin: Government backbone is still inflexible in small matters ; its rigidity in the face of a question that directly concerns only a small wrlion of the community, and wherein an act «'f injustice is not likely to raise any general ill-feeling against Patterson and Co., is really wonderful, The police have experienced its cast-inm immobility, and now the dismissed ^tkte school teachers are afforded some proof thai its inflexibility is to bo maintained against right. So they are going to solicit the might of the law to double it up or break it. These ex-olijcers of State made application some little time hack to the Minister of Education for a refund of the money they have paid in premiums for compulsory insurances. The application was considered by the Cabinet, and the Cabinet lias intimated that "it does not contemplate refunding any portion of the amounts paid by officers whose services have been dispensed with." On the face of it, this is a paltry meanness, not justified even by the retrenchment scape-goat. The teachers in question have paid certain BUUIS into a fund from which, did they remain in the Service, they were to receive stated benefits. The payment was not a voluntary act on their part, the State having made this form of insurance compulsory upon its servants. Now that the officers are driven from the service, and deprived of the opportunity of participating in the benefits for which they have paid, they are denied restitution. This is repudiation—repudiation on a small scale—but the saw of our childhood taught us that it ia as great a sin to steal a pin as to Ulch an anchor. Mr. Carter, the Treasurer, always ingenious —and ingenuous—points out in justification of the Vjovermnent's action that the officers dispensed with received the benefit of being insured, as, if they had died in the service, their relatives would have been paid the insurance money. For refrigerated cheek this certainly deserves honourable mention. Suppose an outside insurance society informed a number of its customers who had been paying premiums for years that the office no longer admitted their rights to the privileges for which they were paying, as they had had many opportunities of dying, and so securing their insurance money to their relatives, but had not availed themselves of them ! In such a case there would be a pretty row, and.the law would speedily bring the society to a proper sense of its obligations. We hope "that means will be found to put a fenkinks in the Ministerial backbone re this matter. Certainly the. teachers in obstinately remaining alive neglected their chances, and threw themselves open to the risk of losing all, besides putting the Government to the trouble of firing them out of the Department, whereas they might have been buried so much more conveniently, and without any of the fuss tliat has resulted from their discharge, hut most men will be inclined to forgive them their lack of discretion and self-abnegation in not dying off, and to refuse to regard it as an excuse for the act of spoliation the Government lias in view. IF any politician in this colony wants to eujoy a joke, let him read the report of the deputation of agriculturists on the Stock Tax introduced to the Premier on Tuesday, and then turn to Hansard of October, 1892, when the Stock Tax was discussed in Parliament. "The Stock Tax presses heavily on the farmers," wailed the deputation. Yet it was carried by a reluctant House in the interests of the farmers ! It was a Freetraders' tax. The late Mr. James Campbell, Sir Henry Wrixon and others of that kidney voted for it and spoke for it. Protectionists, like Deakin, Trenwith, Tucker and other thick and thin supporters of the "settled policy," fought against it fiercely. JDeakin, we remember well, condemned it because, lie said, by passing it we "shall he taxing our own kith and kin for the benefit of the great graziers of this country —taxing those with whom it is our vital interest to allay ourselves by every tie." We are always canting in this colony about New South Wales blocking the way to Federation, And yet in passing this tax we did more to prevent Federation than anything N.S.W. has done of recent years. And now the farmers are tired of i t T h e y want to get rid of it! It has done them more harm than good ! Blessed be fatheadedness ! It has only been in force slightly over a year, but in the meantime the frozen meat trade has developed so rapidly that all calculations have been upset. Still, the tax was a blunder from the beginning, and the farmers don't deserve any sympathy in the matter. WB went to hear the Professor's little "Idyll " at the Town Hall last Saturday ; we next went armed with his own gushing description of his composition, a description which as a concession to the ignorant and the soulless must have cost Mr. Uall many pangs. We had studied that description— learned it "off by heart, in fact—in order to follow faithfully the gorgeous panorama as it was unfolded to our rapt souls by the Professor, assisted by the man with the slide-bugle, and the fiddlers, and the necromancer with the bass viol. We knew that the " Idyll " began with suggestions of " solemn awe," slid into summer nights, introducing "one who lies on the white eleaming shore and ga7.es far over the noiseless, immensurate ocean, beyond whose dim verge mountains and valleys, as if by enchantment uplift, ghost-like, dreams of another forgotten age, and other seas break there, upon other shores." We knew that presently "a note of pain " would be introduced, and we looked for that note anxiously—it was so suggestive of a crab at the leg of the enraptured dreamer. After the yell occasioned by the predatory crab we were aware that "a love motive" would sound through the sustained mass of harmony, and "a lithe, joyous figure bound from the darkness," and found ourselves wondering here whether the joyous figure would be dressed in tights or not. The description continues:—"A long, ever-varying love-scene follows, growing quieter and quieter ; a tinge of sadness is felt. The lovers, too, sitting handjn-hand, feel the solemn tranquility of thenight. The opening theme, coloured by trombones, enters, as it were, a symbol of eternity, a warning note, a reminder of the traiis-itovineBs of things earthly, of joy, of life, of love." The "Idyll' is supposed to conclude with shining stars, ocean murmurs.and "an echo of love, mingling with the mighty hymn of nature." All this we learned that none of the beauties of the composition might escape us, and now we must regretfully admit that, as far as »e were concerned, the performance was a grievous disappointment Our evening was completely spoiled by that description. Had we gone expecting to enjoy merely a musical entertainment we might have been highly gratified, we might even have thrown a bouquet at the Professor, but we were led to look for spectacular effects, mental views of mountains and valleys, and all those interesting items mentioned in the description, and when we didn't get them we felt hurt, and wanted our free pass back again. Maybe the " Idyll " suggests all Mr. Marsnall Hall claims For it, if a person sits down determined that it shall suggest those things, but after the description the music was really unnecessary for such a purpose, even to the most sluggish imagination. We could imagine the mountains, the seas, the stars, the lovers and all the rest of it, but for .the life of us we could not find any suggestion of hills or valleys, or oceans or spoony couples throughout the "Idyll." Incase Ihc Professor's moft ardent admirers should put this down to our lack of soul or our Philistinism, we beg to suggest that, the next time Professor Hall writes an idyll he shall keep his ideas about it entirely to himself, and that each of his appreciative followers shall write out his particular personal opinion of the things and sentiments it is meant to convey. There would be a great deal of amusement in comparing these opinions with each other and with the idea of the composer. It is easy to understand that beautiful music will awaken joyous, tender or unclassified emotions in a susceptible breast, but when a musician starts to docket" those emotions, and set forth which particular feeling must well up in the bosom of the auditor at any {Articular time, he expects too much, and makes people tired. Of course when the musician's unquestioning admirers know what they are expected to feel—they will feel those feelings or " bust" in the attempt. These opinions of ours are all very contemptible, no doubt, but they arc popular, and the time is not yet when the orchestra at the Princess', for instance, will be able to dispense with the actors, the carpenters and the painters, when the people wish to be amused with a spectacular drama. Tut: one man in this colony who is perfectly happy is Mr. Downes Carter, the Treasurer With a nice little deficit of about 4)400,000 staring him in the face, and confronted with the task of making it up, he should he enjoying himself thoroughly. .The Government came in on the " setting straight the finances" ticket. The finances are now more crooked than ever. Oh ! there will be rousing times when Parliament meets. Patterson has discovered that Prosperity is not a bird that will come to the hand when whistled to. It is returning to the cage gradually, step by step, pluming its ruffled feathers by the way; but certainly not in response to the beckonings of the man with bird- lime brush who so jauntily proclaimed that lie was going to entice the golden- plumaged creature, and keep it when caught. A deficit of £400,000 ! Phew : That means more taxation, more retrenchment, more uncertainty in trade, more insecurity about employment. And all because the Government really funked the situation last session in Parliament, and closed up the financial part of its programme with a ludicrous estimated surplus for the coming year of £3000—a surplus so absurdly conjectural that even Ministerialists laughed aloud whenever it was mentioned. Of courseJ. 13. is going to be very artful. If Pallianient turns nasty he is eoing to try and prove himself master of the situation and dissolve. He hangs the threat of dissolution over the heads of members. He will attempt to plunge the country into the turmoil of a general election before tackling the financial situation. A nice sort of patriotic politician is J. U. 1 He laughs up his sleeve at the prospect of it; but the country—the poor country that has got to pay! —alas for it ! Foil cool elaborate cheek, the Australian Natives' Association is certainly entitled to take the cake. At a recent gathering one gentleman claimed that the natives are a power in the land, because they represented TO per cent, of the population. This may be true, hut mark the disingenuousness of the suggestion. The Australian natives may tot up seventy per cent, of the population, but what is the percentage of the Australian Natives' Association ? There arc many men who are not candidates for Parliament, who love their country, and who are not members of the Australian Natives' Association. 