Literary Items. Mr. Fisher Unwin is about to publish the com plete plays of Sir Richard SteeL edited by Mr. C. A. Aitken, with portraits of Steel and Colley Cibber. It is, however, exceedingly doubtful whether readers of the present day will have much appreciation f«r Steel in the character of a playwright. Most of them, probably will be quite content to derive their impressions in that respect of Addison's friend and literary colleague from what Thackeray has said of him in the '?* English Humorists.'* But even without going beyond the ' English Humorists ' they may learn that at least one of Steel's comedies, ' The. Conscious Lovers,' had considerable success in its time, though it and other theatrical productions from the same mint are chiefly interesting now perhaps as curiosities of literature. Still it is not to be forgotten that so competent an authority as the one already referred to — Thackeray — recognised iu some of. Steel's comedies occasional touches not unworthy of the charming humor of his papers in the Spectatob. The 'revival of Irish literature,' which has recently been begun under distinguished auspices, seems to have been the signal for something like opposition in the same field, presenting what might be regarded as a sort of literary counter part of the ' divided duty' which the two sections of the Home Rulers perceive. The 'New Irish Library,' which Sir Charles Gavan Duffy edits, is published in London. Whether this was regarded as another injustice to Ireland or not is a matter for speculation ; but, at all events, a rival series has been started by Count Plunkett, the Rev. Edmund Hogan, and other Irish writers, in Dublin. It is styled the ' Irish Home Library.' The first volume, which has just appeared, deals with the wars of William and James. The Westhetisteb Review for April contains an article by Mr. G. F. Hogan, M.P., on the Costa Rica Packet case. . It is a vigorous state ment of the circumstances in connection with the arrest and imprisonment of the captain of that vessel by the Dutch authorities in the Moluccas, and an earnest plea for the enforcement of such full reparation as so arbitrary a procedure calls for. Mr. Hogan, as becomes an Australian, thoroughly adopts the Australian view of the matter, and contends that, despite high legal opinion to the contrary in England, the owners and crew of the Costa Rica Packet are entitled to liberal compensation as well as the captain at the hands of the Dutch Government. Mr. Hogan has little difficulty either in showing that the assertion of those claims concerns the Empire as a whole, and the honor of the British flag thus grossly outraged by petty foreign tyrants. 'A Short History of Marriage,' contributed to the Westminsteb by 'Lady Cook,' as the writer somewhat oddl^ signs herself, carries the reader, in somewhat devious and slightly bewildering fashion, over much ground, both ancient and modern. Her ladyship takes for a motto that 'the concealment of truth is the only indecorum known to science.' If plain speaking could aid her own search after truth, she ought to have found it. The worst of it is that her plainness is often entirely super fluous. However, one of her ultimate points of certitude is that marriage should be founded on mutual respect, intelligence, and sympathy. This conclusion is all very well in itself, but it can hardly be regarded as a fair set-off against the fact that it is led up to by very questionable philosophy, and still more questionable history. Mr. J. Henniker Heaton contributes to the New Review for May an article on ' Telephones Past and Present,' in the course of which he explains the causes for the comparative failure of the telephone system in London, and the im provements which he considers necessary to its perfection. Under the title of 'Essays in Modernity,' a volume of papers by the late Francis Adams will shortly be published. Some of them have already appeared in the Fobtnightlt Review. Though it is hardly fair per haps to speak disparagingly of a dead man's work, yet it is not far wrong to say that a good deal of the 'modernity' in question smacked deeidedly of old-fashioned egotism of the most intense kind — ' fluent nonsense,' with a strong infusion of bitterness. In this age of ours which — f or all its claims to scientific accuracy — has seen quackery of so many kinds revived, it is not surprising to hear of a republication of 'The Hennetical and Alchemical Writings of Paracelsus.' They are to be published in. two volumes by Messrs. James Elliott and Company, of London, for issue only to subscribers, and will contain the whole of the writings attributed to Paracelsus, treating of the ' Elixir of Life' and the ' Philosopher's Stone.' The question, indeed, has never been settled as to the exact order of cele brities to which Paracelsus belongs. Was he a great physician ? and philosopher, or simply an impostor ? At all events, as a practitioner of the healing art he acquired an immense reputation in his time, and was certainly revolutionary enough in his methods. The use of minerals in the compound ing of medicines was greatly encouraged by his example. He may. perhaps have been a chemist of uncommon attainments, and have had more than ordinary skill in the knowledge and treat ment of disease.* while his notions about the discovery of a universal medicine, and respecting the transmutation of metals, may have been honest delusions — de- lusions which were generally shared by his contemporaries. However this may be, at any rate, he resorted to a great many of the devices which have been the badge of all the tribes of quacks since the world began — mysterious assumptions of wisdom and pretensions to special art in unlocking the profoundest secrets of nature. But the writings of Paracelsus, what ever else they may lack at this time of day, must be interesting as illustrative of the strange and fanciful speculations which at one time were so widely accepted, even by the most accredited of sages and teachers. Herr Sybil, the distinguished German his torian, who is now in his 76th year, recently celebrated the 50th anniversary of his ap pointment to a University chair. Herr Sybil, like many others of his literary countrymen, was at one time strongly opposed to the policy of ^ Bis marck, but that feeling has given way to warm admiration for the genius of that masterful statesman, and presumably to personal regard for him also. At all events the professor of late years has frequently been a guest of the man of blood and iron. Outside of his own country Herr Sybil is probably best known by his history of the French Revolution. The poem of ' Tamerlane,' an early produc tion of Edgar Allan Poe, is in the original edition of 1827, one of the rarest of books. A copy was recently discovered which is valued at more than £300. It is said to have been picked up more than 60 years ago, and of course for a trifle, from a second-hand bookseller in Boston. A few years ago another copy of the same edition was sold for .£500. This posthumous honor to the author of ' The Raven' — who, while he lived, poor fellow, had so little recognition, at least in that substan tial shape — should, one would imagine, to borrow Marc Antony's phrase in Shakspere, .' make nis ghost gaze ' with astonishment in spirit land. - The Health and Police Committee of the Board of Supervisors of San Francisco, Cal. (U,S.),have handed over the old Receiving Hospital, a four storey structure, to the Salvation1 Army, rent free, to be used for the reception of 'waifs and strays, and out-of-works,' for which the committee agrees to pay 12| cents per head for board and lodging. . William Dixon, a shareholder in the Mount Lyell Company, and the originator of the com pany, has been arrested in Melbourne on a war rant at the instance of the father of his late wife on a charge of forging his name to.a transfer of 24 shares in the company. The London Presbytery North has agreed to transmit to the synod an overture on Ritualism in the State Church' by 90 rotes against H to* an amendment for non^tmamalidou by Principal fyfcMt . ? 