FOOTLIGHT FANCIES. To-night the Norman & McLean Dramatic Company will conclude their season at the Theatre Royal, and | henceforward for six weeks or so the Royal will be given over to brown holland, and cobwebs, and . fleas. February is a month during which theatrical performances are at a dis count One wants to be in the open air clad in light gauze dresses or pyjama suits, not to swelter in a building with the temperature at 90°. It is bad luck for the lessee, but it is an incontrovertible fact. Messrs. Norman & McLean are deserving of sympathy, for they have 9 worked hard, and have staged their pieces most creditably. The heat kept the public away, and as it was dispiriting, not to say disastrous, to play to houses which were not one half full, the season will end right away after to- night. (< Storm and Sunshine" has been the second production, and it must be pronounced a great improvement on " Cinders." Miss Blanche Lewis, was once more the playwright, and of course placed the leading part. Mr. Norman -was very effective in a role not of quite so villainous a character as those in which he has been in the habit of appearing, and the other members of the company acquitted themselves satisfactorily, Mr. Harry Douglas being particularly good. You might do worse than pay a visit to the Theatre Royal this evening, remembering that it will probably be some time before you will have an opportunity of being within its four walls again. * Mr. Walter Bentley will take a benefit at Hudson's Bijou this evening, and as His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor and several other notabilities have announced their intention to be present there will doubtless be a full house. The piece to be staged is "The Silence of Dean Maitland," and those who have read the absorbingly interesting novel of that name will be curious to see how Mr. E. Lewis Scott, of Sydney, has used the very effective material at his disposal. Mr. Bentley, as the* Dean, should give a very highly interesting por traiture of a remarkably strong character, and his performance will be well worth the price of admission. He will be supported by the leading lady and gentlemen amateurs of Adelaide, and as the rehearsals have been personally directed by Mr. Bentley it may safely be assumed that no hitch will occur to mar the pro ceedings. The application for tickets has been so satisfactory that it has been decided to repeat " The Silence of Dean Maitland " to-morrow night. * * 4c There was a large attendance at "The Continentals * last Saturday evening, and the programme on the whole gave pleasure, though it was by no means the best that has been submitted. Perhaps the heat made one captious, but there were one or two items which did not come up to " Continental77 standard. In the first place, the Military Band executed some of the numbers. There is no other term for it; they were exe cuted. If the band had been given a little more time the numbers would have been hung, drawn, and quartered, and this *is the fate that awaits Band master Yates, if he does not restrain the exuberance of some of his men, and make them pay a little greater attention to time and tune. The band is at its best in gallops. Miss Nellie Gibbons, of Clare, made her debut, and her first number was far from satisfactory, there being at least half a tone difference between the vocalist and the piano. In her second essay Miss Gibbons was more successful. Miss Lucy Stevenson, succeeded in pleasing those present with each of her songs, and "Marguerite" was very sweetly sung. Mr. Norman Malcolm was in ex cellent voice, and secured two# encores. His rendering of " Excelsior" was both sympathetic and good. On Wednesday evening the special attraction was Herr Heinicke's orchestra, to whom it is always a pleasure to listen, and it was not surprising to find that the attendance was very large indeed. The orchestra played delight fully, and nothing more need be said on the subject. Miss Alice King, of Melbourne, was an unquestionable success. She has an excellently trained and a sympathetic voice, which she uses with great judg ment, and the enthusiastic encores which greeted her showed that she had speedily made herself a favorite. Miss King will sing once more to-morrow evening. It was feared by many that Mr. M. Marcus would scarcely be able to make himself heard at an open air gathering, but such fears were entirely groundless, as every note was distinct in all parts of the ground. Mr. Cris, who was recently a member of Mr. Walter Bentley's Com pany, gave a recital of " The Field of Waterloo" with orchestral effects, and so pleased were the audience that they insisted on the elocutionist reappearing. Mr. Cris has a full round voice, aftd is possessed of considerable dramatic power. To-morrow night there will be a very varied programme. Besides Miss Alice King, Mr. T. C. Paltridge and Mr. W. B. Warner have been engaged, and the latter will contribute humorous recitations and coster songs. * * * The Cyclorama of the Battle of Waterloo, the illusion of Napoleon's ghost, and the magic fountain are keeping Manager Lockley busy at the jffindley Street establishment. During the very hot weather it is worth the payment of an extra shilling to see the fountain, and there is great difficulty in restraining some people from indulging in a shower bath on the cheap. * * * Miss Flora Graupner, who since her childhood has been taking part in operatic performances, and who has until lately been a member of Williamson & Musgrove's Comic Opera Company, is now resting in Adelaide. * * "Charley's Aunt" is meeting with phenomenal success at the Theatre Royal, Sydney. Messrs. Arnold and Thornton will bring the old lady to Adelaide at Easter, and she may rely upon meeting with a very warm reception. By-the-way, A. & T. have received disagreeable news from India. When they left London they imagined that they had secured the Indian rights of production of " Charley's Aunt," but the comedy is now being performed by two companies in that part of the world. As after the Australasian season, Arnold and Thornton intended to proceed to India, this announcement has come as a heavy blow to them. * * * Mr. and Mrs. Bland Holt, who have just concluded successful seasons in New Zealand and Tasmania have once more received a proof of the goodwill entertained towards them by the members of their company. They were recently presented with a large album containing portraits of all their employes. It was bound in red morocco and gold, and illuminated with views of various places by several well-known artists'. An address signed by the contributors was also attached. The presentation was made by Charley Brown. * * Pollard's Liliputian Opera Company opened in the Theatre Royal, Hobart, in the pantomime of " Aladdin" last Monday. * * Fitzgeralds' circus is doing good business in the northern townships. Port Augusta and Quorn were among the latest places visited. * * * The Royal Comic Opera Company will follow the pantomime at the Princess Theatre, Melbourne, at |the end of this month. One of the new pieces to be produced will be " Ma Mie Rosette." At the close of Arnold and Thornton's season the company will visit Adelaide. * * * The Garrick Club repeated their successful performance of " Fennel,* or the Violin Makers," at the Town Hall, Glenelg, on Thursday evening. * * * A benefit performance to "Dick" Whittington, the Treasurer of the Theatre Royal, is spoken of. Dick has always been a good friend to amateurs, and it would be a graceful act on their part to rally up to his support. A capital programme could be provided if the various amateur organisations would consent to work together, and Quiz throws out the hint in the hope that it will be accepted and acted upon. Dan Barry has struck oil at the Alexandra Theatre, Melbourne, where he is playing melodrama of the good old rorty-torty sort. "True Metal" is one of the latest productions, and there is enough villainy to the half hour to last an ordinary mortal his lifetime. Jimmy Cathcart, one of the oldest actors on the Australian stage, is Dan's stage manager. * A new opera company is on the tapis. It is understood to be, a private speculation. "Dorothy," "The Pirates of Penzance," and " The Gondoliers " will head the repertory, by arrangement with Messrs. Williamson & Musgrove, and the tour will be confined to the interior of the eastern colonies. Miss Ada Colley has been engaged for prima donna, and Mr. William Walshe for leading tenor. * * * It is hard for a 'prima donna to visit a country where reverence is unknown. Madame Patti's arrival in New York is thus summarised by an American re porter:— Manifest of the steamer Lucania : i Madame Patti. 3 Maids. . 32 Trunks. 1 Husband. $500,000 in gold. He adds—" This is what might justly be termed an assorted cargo." * * * Fillis keeps the lion Pasha in a cage by himself now. He remarked to a New Zealand interviewer :■—"You see, he is getting older, and as a con sequence more crochetty. I often think we animals very much resemble each other—as we get older, we don't like to be bothered, do we?" The reporter took the hint and proceeded to bother somebody else. 