PLAYS AMD PLAYERS. Mrs Brown Potter and Mr Bsilew, it appears, were unable to arrange dates with Mr Williamson, to admit, in the immediate future, at any rate, of their re- visiting Australia. Early in July. Mis Potter and Mr Bellew are engaged to play a season at San Francisco, 8nd as Mr Williamson conld arrange for their contemplated visit,- only during the month of June, the negotiations had to be abandoned. Mr Brian Darley, who will be remembered in Melbourne for his performance of the part of Mercutio, is now playing the part of Charley in a New Vorfc production of Charley's Aunt. llr John Hare is said to be so well satisfied with the success attending the revival of Caste at the Garrick, and the prospect of a run of some little time being secured, that he has gone to Monte Carlo for a holiday. During the second week of the revival money had to be refused in every quarter of the theatre except the stalls. It is very probable that Miss Kate Vaughan will be associated with Mr Edward Terry in the musical comody, in whiah this gentleman is to m«ke his re-appearance as a burlesque actor. Should such prove to be really the case the production will be of a doubly interesting nature Mr Charles Warner is to Etage manage at the A-delphi the new piece by Mr Sutton Vane. The title of this has been altered from the Bow of Hope to the Scales of Justice A feature in the new drama will be a scene in the interior of a cotton mill and an exact representation of the process of calico printing. This will be carried out from designs taken from Messrs Hoyle'a mill in Manchester where exact information in regard to details has also been obtained. Mr Probasco, the owner and trainer of Mahomet, the " talking horse,"_has recently been giving some particulars in regard to this intelligent animal. Calling one day at an American cattle-ranch, he learned that a horse on the place had just previously killed a man. Obtaining permission to try his hand at taming the animal, he succeeded so well that in two days the horse was going quietly in the saddle. Finding that the horse showed more than ordinary intelligence In learning circus. -Wok®, he determined to oi^ooxo mm to a higher pitch, and the feats at present performed are the result of three years training. Mahomet, it is stated, has had the unique experience, for a horse, of appearing as a witness in a court case. In May, 1S92, in New York, the owner being summoned for eiving on a Sunday what was termed a circus performance, but which, it was claimed for the defence, was only the exhibition of an -educated and cultured quadruped—the judge consented to the horse being called as a witness. The Animal on being called, came np to the porch of the oourt, and was interrogated by the judge. " How old are you ? " was the first question, to which the horse replied by striking the ground five times, with his hoof, signifying by tfcis " Five years." "How long have yon been in the business as an educated horce 1" was the next question, answered by three strokes, meaning "three years." Despite Ihese and similar questions and answers, however, a nominal fine was inflicted on the owner. Morocco Bound, which has had such a successful run in London, will be succeeded at the Trafalgar Theatre by a pieoe of a similar nature entitled Go Bang, written by Messrs Adrian Boss -and Osmond Carr. Messrs J. L. Shine, Charles Danby and Miaa LettyLind are mentioned for parts in the new production. From the last British census it would appear that there are more actresses than actors In England, the numbers relatively being 3696 and 3625. At Brooklyn, New York, 50 girls moving in the test society are stated recently to have blacked their faces and given a minstrel entertainment for a charitable object. Mr J. F. Sheridan has B company playing A Trip to Chicago in the English provinces, and in this company a Miss Amy Singleton plays the put of the widow Murphy, and Miss Nellie Arlinejhe banjoist, Lulu Murphy the daughter. 2BseGraoiePlaisted.iBshortly.to.be married, so it is stated, to a Mr Frank Fowler, an ex-congressman of the United States. A new mode of advertising has been hit upon by an English provincial manager. He sends np a rocket every evening, and admits to the performance free of charge the finder of tha stick. Stockholm, the stronghold of Ibsen and his dramas, is reported to have taken very enthusiastically to Charley's Aunt, which has recently been played there. Mr Abbey pays Mr Henry Irving 1,75,000 net for his resent Annrican tour. It is not unlikely that Mr Oscar Barrett's pantomime production, Cinderella, at the Lyoeom Theatre, where it has proved a formidable rival to Drnxy Lane may be taken to America on the return of Mr Irving and his company to the Lyceum. Despite his reoent illness Sir Augustus Warns is occupying himself with the new drama for Drury Lane. The piece will he the joint work of Sir Augustus Harris, Mr Cecil Baleig-hand Mr Henry Hamilton. There are indications, so it is said, that theatrical matters in London, and more especially in the provinces, will experience a substantial revival during the next few months. Mr W. T. Best, the celebrated organist, has been obliged, owing to ill health, to resign the position of organist at St. George's Hall, Liverpool. Messrs Gilbert and Sullivan's latest open Utopia Limited was tn have its first Ameri-. can production at the Broadway Theatre, NewYork, last Monday. At a recent operatic production at Dresden, Rubinstein is stated to have been recalled no leBS than twenty-four times. Madame VanderveerGreen,inoompany with Miss Emma Eames will commence a conoert tour at New York abont the 1st May. Amongst projected departures for India are those of the Perman trio, who, it is stated, will go there under the management of Mr T. Hudson. Mr Arthur Lawrence, the clever character actor who, until a year or so ago, was a familiar figure on the stage in Melbourne and S vdney, made first American appearance'at the Berkley Lyceum Theatre, New YorK, as Pastor- Wanders in IbBen's Ghosts. Mr Lawrence secures praise from the American napers for the same finished and careful acting and speaking that invariably characterised his work whilst here. 