The Ghost of Bartford Castle. "More than two hundred years ago," said Lady Flora, "when Charles I. was King, and every gentleman was a Cavalier and ready to die, if need be, for Church and Crown — very different to what most men are now — the Elmsley of that day was, of course, a gentleman and a Cavalier ; in fact, he was made Lord Dartford by poor, dear Charles, and beheaded by that wicked Oliver Cromwell." " And does he haunt the old tower?" inquired one of the guests. " He must find it cold on an evening like this." Tlis shrill, moaning whistle of the gale, which was raging outside the Castle, illustrated the sentiment so vividly that Lady Flora shivered, and put out her little hands toward tho lire before continuing her story : " No, he doesn't haunt the tower. It is .the cousin, 'Wicked Robert Elmsloy,' and it certainly serves him right. You see, Wicked Robert was a. Rqundhead, and he hated his Cavalier cousin, and coveted his land. And he know, that if lie could only get him out of the way and his little boy too, that lie- was .the next heir and would inherit the estates-. Arid so it was Wicked Rob'ert .'who betrayed his cousin to the Usurper, and they took him here and brought him out to die on the .terrace there — in front of those windows — and Wicked Robert stood and gloated over the dreadful deed. ' But Providence wouldn't allow such wickedness to go unpunished, and so as Wicked Robert came down from the scaffold, a man sprang out of- the crowd of villagers who wore ' .standing by weeping, and stabbed the wretch to the heart, and' I think it was a brave and noble deed," concluded Lady Flora nodding her little shapely head violently, while her great eyes flashed. "If ,1 had been a man I would have done it my self." " And so Wicked Robert did not get the estates aftef.'all ?" laughed the guest who had spoken before. " No, and his ghost is condemned to haunt the tower, until he has done atonement for his great wickedness. And I must say that though I wouldn't for worlds go near the tower, especi ally on a night like this, I do hope that, ho won't finish it off. yet, because, a real authentic ghost several hun dred years old is something to be proud of." "And what does Wicked Robert look like ?" At: that moment the door opened, and the servant announced in audible tones, " Mr. Robert Elmsley." An irrepressible smile went round the circle of guests, but Lady Flora showed no sign of mirth. On the contrary, tho shadow of a frown overspread her beautiful features and made hoi. seem quite plain. Dartford Castle,' - -where our story opens, wasa very ancient structure which had been the principal seat of the head of the Elmsley family from time immemorial— so people would tell you — or, to bo more exact, from the reigri of Henry VIII., who presented it to Robert Elmsloy, King's Commissioner for tho supervision and reform of the Monasteries, as a reward for the remark able zeal which that official had shown in carrying out His Majesty's wishes. Ever since that time the eldest son of the house had been christened Henry, while the original name of Robert was reserved for tho second son. The pre sent Earl possessed an only daughter, Lady Flora, but no sons, and in conse quence the next heir to the peerage was Robert Elmsley, Esq., before mentioned, barrister-at-law of tho Inner Temple. Lord Dartford was a just man, and was steoped in tho traditions of noblesse oblige. Ho could not bring himself to marry again ; he had had quite enough of matrimony for an ordinary exist- once. Therefore , lie must do his duty by the earldom and the family name in a different way. In short, though it was only natural that he should pro vide very handsomely for his daughter, both in the way of income, house and jewel-box, Dartford Castle and all tho great mass of estates which had come to him from his ancestors, and the pic tures, statues, &c.;, which had been heirlooms from generation to genera tion, were entailed and would go to his heir ;at his death. However, ho had no desire to anticipate that event, and so ho was on very good terras wicli his heir, and the latter in the . shooting season always had a very good share of it. In the moantime Robert Elmsley struggled on at tho' bar, spending four hundred a year in making about a hundred, Never was there a better instance of the starvation of the horso while the oats were growing. He went very seldom to Dartford because he was aware that Lady Flora hated him. She made no secret of it, and ho ! knew, moreover, that her dislike was grounded on his prospective heirship to Dartford. Dartford was her home, whero she was born. She hated the idea that it should ever pass into tho | hands of "a stranger." Her feelings were well known to her friends, and that wns why a smile passed round the group of guests when Mr. Robert Elmsley was announced, for they were well aware that their youthful hostess regarded her cousin in tho flesh with as much aversion as she entertained for "Wicked Robert Elmsley in the spirit. This dislike of hers rather inter fered with what had been at one time a cherished plan of her father's — namely, to marry her to her cousin, and unite the entire property in tho , most suitable fashion. Once he had been foolish enough, however, to sug gest this project to hor, bub she was most indignant. She said that Robert Elmsley was a horrid creature ; she hated himj and would rather die than be de cently civil to him, far less ' marry him. Her father told her she was a fool, and she said she didn't care if she were. And so tho matter ended; However, Lord Dartford persisted in inviting Robert to Dartford, and Robert came, though these visits were far from pleasurable to him. -When "Lady Flora heard that Robert Elmsley was coming for Christmas she at once filled up the house with special friends of her own to neutralise his disagreeable presence. » # » "Eloraisa great friend of mine," said Lady Yerderer to him after dinner. The unmarried ladies in th'eir loyalty to their hostess had rather given him the cold shoulder. Perhaps, moreover, their loyalty was stimulated by theremembrancethat olcl Lord Darfc- ford looked remarkably strorigand well and might live foryears. Lady Verderer, however, being married, did as she pleased. So slio outraged Flora's feel ings by talking quite amiably to Robert Elmsley. After that she devoted her self to Lord Dartford, and so interested him that he forgot to go to sleep as he usually did after dinner. The evening passed peacefully enough, but on the following day the firstnote of discord was rather violently struck in an unexpected quarter. Flora had observed to her cousin .rather rudely that she supposed that only people who were obliged to remained in London in December. To this he was gently dissenting, when suddenly Lord Dartford struck in harshly, almost brutally : " Look here, Robert Elmsley. Don't lay down the law in that way, man, to my daughter. You are 'hot master yet, so don't think you are ; and you will never be master of my girl, I can toll you." "That's one for him," thought Flora wickedly. "So papa's found him out at last. How do you like that, Mr. Robert Elmsley 1" It was evident that Mr. Elmsley was much amazed and embarrassed. " I can assure you. that you are under a total mistake," ho replied. "I was merely observing — " " Don't try. now to bully me," cried Lord Dartford outrageously. "First the daughter, then the father. Your head's turned, Robert, that's what it is, and I won't have it. I won't have it in this house, I can tell you." A further attempt on the part of Robert to explain met with such a violent retort that even Lady Flora's sense of -justice was shocked. -For this wretched Robert had really done nothing. If lie were the -heir by entail it was clearly her father's fauilt for continuing the entail, and to 'talk of the poor wretch bullying her when she had consistently snubbed him and jeered at him for years without succeed ing in provoking any adequate re turn, would have been ridiculous in private, but was monstrous in public. Sho saw that her thoughts wero re flected in the faces of all her guests ex cept Lady Yerderer, who smiled — as the Roman ladies did, no doubt,- when blood was drawn by sword or trident in the nrena. " Now, papa,'' said Flora suddenly, " don't be absurd. You know perfectly well that wo weren't talking to yon, and you'vo no right to listen. And it is very rude of you not to talk to Lady Yerderer." At this speech all the young ladies stared. Lord Dartford obeyed his daughter, and turned to Lady Yer derer. Tho unpleasant incident closed, and the only traco of it was left in Flora's manner to her cousin, which was far nicer than it had been. . " I could not help it," said Flora to her pet crony when they were having a final bedroom chat. " Of course, I treat Robert badly because I hate him, and I am a girl, and so it doesn't matter. But if papa were to do it in his own house, it would be really in sulting and dreadful too, because one doesn't ask people to stay, not even objectionable relations, in order to in sult thorn. So I was obliged to stop that." Experience, however, prov'ed that sho had only stopped it temporarily. 1' ord Dartford showed a disposition to quarrel with his hoir in public, which : was very unexpected and highly annoying to his daughter. She re monstrated with him privately. "Nonsense," said Lord Dartford. "Hurt his feelings? Rubbish! Do him good. - Take him down. He's giving himself too many airs." Tho manifest injustice of this struck Lady Flora very forcibly, and the result was that she took her cousin aside, and said to him with a very different manner to what she usually treated him to : " You mustn't mind papa, Robert, it's the gout, you know. When he has got the gout he hardly knows what ho says." Robort Elmsley flushed a little, for it was the first time l.hat sho had ad dressed him by his Christian name since the entail had been renewed, and he realised that it meant a great deal. He told her that-, of course, he attached no importance to her father's remarks. Coming from so near a relation, and one so much older than himself, ho could not be offended ; ho only hoped that Lord Dartford did not really think him impertinent. | "Impertinent?" cried Flora impul sively, "why, all the impertinence has been on our side, and I only wonder how you can stand it." "Well, one does not quarrel with one's nearest relations," said Robert gently, "and a lady is privileged, especially when she is a cousin, whom ono has known from childhood, And besides, important business obliges me to go to town to-mor- I ow — " But there Flora broke in, and said sho would not hear of it. She was so ashamed of the breach of hospitality implied in his words,- that she literally begged and insisted that he should stay, and, of course, he yielded to her entreaties . gladly eneugh. It was cheering to find that this little cousin of his had some remnants of good feel ing towards him, especially as in' his heart of hearts ho wished that it were a moro definite affection. When Flora told hor father what had happened, he only grunted at first. Then he said suddenly: " It's a pity you didn't let the young jackanapes go." "'Oh, papa !" " " Grirasides is coming down to morrow," pursued Lord Dartford. "Oh, the odious creature! Why ever did you ask him without telling me?" "Now listen to me, Flora. Under stand that I mean to be master in my own house, and if that jackanapes Robert has been setting you up to mutiny, out he goes at once. Grimside is a very sensible man, a wealthy man, and the barony is a very old one." "Why, he is like a gorilla, and I have hoard that he lives a most shock ingly fast life — all kinds of dreadful stories." "Pooh, .pooh. Appearance is noth ing, and men settle down after mar riage. I can tell you this, that many a father would be only too delighted if he could get. Grimside to be his son- in-law." At this Flora fled, protesting that such jokes were perfectly horrible. The worst of it was, however, that after a while she began to fear that it was not a joke. Her father referred to it again in a manner which left no doubt as to his sincerity. Lord Grimsido was a tall man, whose peculiar typo of feature caused him to be known generally as the " White Zulu." When he wished to make himself agreeable, he put on a special leer, which seemed to open the whole of his face. Treating Flora to this mark of esteem on his arrival, he made her feel quite ill. Lord Dartford welcomed him with a warmth that seemed to Flora perfectly fulsome. She blushed all over at the idea that he was making her cheap in the eyes of this dreadful man. Of course, Lord Grimside took hor in to dinner, and, of course, he/talked tremendously. His conversation was chiefly about himself, and he told an anecdote about how he had successfully " done " a cabman, which made Flora wish that someone would thrash him soundly. Sho was furious to see that her father treated him as a favored guest, and appealed to him as if he were an oracle. Worst of all was the fact that Grim sido took the cue from his host, and treated Robert Elmsley in the most contemptible manner. She could not understand how Robert could endure it for a, moment. Then on the top of it all came her father to tell her thatGrimside thought this, and Grimside had said that, and didn't she think Grimside was a most entertaining fellow ? " I think he is- a beast," she answered . vehemently. In her despair she actually consulted Robert Elmsley, for after all he was a cousin, and had known her for years, and it was not likely sho could discuss her father's conduct with a stranger. She asked him very anxiously if he saw any sign of a great change in her father, and Robert, after a demur, was obliged to acknowledge that Lord Dartford was not quite the same as formerly. Still, he could not own that he thought his uncle's brain was at all affected, in spite of Flora's obvious desire that he should do 'so. " He must be a little wrong in his head," she said impetuously, " or he would never — What do' you imagine he wants me to do ? — to marry that wretch." " Wh — a — t, Lord Grimside?" "Isn't it a horrible idea?" And Robert sympathised with her most cordially. The situation was in deed a dreadful one. The only ray of comfort lay in the fact that Lord Grimside was not an ardent wooer. Perhaps ho would bo easily snubbed. On the other hand, perhaps he was insolent enough to take her consent for granted. That idea made Lady Flora's blood boil. # 9 " What fun it would be," said Grim side to her confidentially — he had a way of talking to her that was quite alarming — " to play somo practical joko on that fellow Elmsley. Ho sleeps near the Tower, doesn't he 1 What a joke it would be for me to dross up as ' Wicked Robort Elmsley' and appear to him and slang liira in a hollow voice, and frighten him into fits generally ?" Now a few days before it is highly probable that Flora would have entered heartily into the scheme. As it was, her face showed th« indignation that she felt, and she would have expressed it, but at that moment her attention was distracted by one of the girls. " I was a fool about that ontail," said her father to her gloomily at another. time. " I seo it now. I ought to have seon it before. A man ought to think of his own first. I've a good mind to offer Robert a sum down to renounce his rights. After all I may live as long as him, and a sum down would be useful to the rnt now. I think wo could do it cheap, and ho would accept it gladly." This speech made it all painfully clear to poor Floru. Her father saw that Grimside was hanging back. Ho fancied that Grimside did not think her a good enough catch. Ho wished to perpetrato this injustice simply to draw — oh, it was too horrible. Sho replied to horfather undutifully ! and incoheiontly, bursting into tears at the close. Then she llew to her cousin. Ho was her only liopa now. She told him tho dreadful facts of tho j cose, and implored him to promise her ' by all that he held sacred never, never to surrender his rights under tho en tail for her sake. He glanced at her earnestly, but saw that sho was merely thinking of herself. 1'f ho could have seen the least sign of awakeningfeeling toward himself, it would have made his answer, so much easier. ' " I can't promise you that," he said. " I feel that I have no real claim at all on the property, and if your father wishes to revoko his gift, I have no right to resist his wishes. . But when she almost went down on her knees to him, and implored him, " I will do anything you ask mo in return," she said. " Dear Robert, do be wise and promise." "VVoll, of course he promised, swore solemnly that ho would never renounce Lis rights under the'entail without her permission. "Som8 day, perhaps," he said, earnestly, "I shall ask you to pro mise me something in return ; he gazed searchingly into her" eyes, but there was no responsive light. "I will promise anything you want," she-dried lightly. ' "And now, you dear, good Robert, tell me how are we to get rid of tho odious monster without telling him in so many words to go. And listen, what do you think ho had the audacity to propdso to mo ?" She told him Grimsido's proposal to figure as " Wicked Robert Elmsloy " for his benefit. However, such. is the contradiotori- ness of woman's nature, that from that day she showed a- more cordial ex terior to Lord Grimside, and. became a little timid and diffident to Robert. After a little thought she divined the latter's secret, and . she immediately jumped to a-conclusion as to what re ward he intended to ask when the time came. This made, her a little afraid, and' she felt no longer able to talk to him with quite the same ease and familiarity. On the other hand, she encouraged Grimside in a manner that quite nstonished the latter as coming from such a "stand offish " young lady, and the "joke" seemed to ' meet with her entire approval. Robert Elmsley wa3 to be chaffed into watching on Christmas Evo in the long upper corridor where the ghost was said to. walk. .Then Grimside, disguised in.' a make-up costume as "Wicked Robert," would rush out on him suddenly. When the costume was made up, it was objected by one of tho other girls that the ghost would look far' more; like: a Cavalier than a Roundhead, but both . Grimside and Flora said that if Mr. Elmsley was " properly frightened " he would not have time to . notice details. « It was near the witching hour of night when Lord Grimside, laboriously gofc-up in orthodox ghostly fashion, took up his position , in a room which opened into the upper corridor. There he waited until the distant chime of the church clock warned him that the hour of midnight liad come. Then he sallied cut into the corridor. Ho found it full of pale, flickering moonlight and' deep spectral shadows, a very house of silence and fantasy.' Now Grimside was neither nervous nor superstitious. He would certainly not have offered himself for such an errand if he had been afflicted either way, but when he found himself alone in that ghostly corridor at that dead hour with only the weird flicker of the moonbeams to light him on his way amid the legion of dusky phantoms which seemed to lurk in every shadow, it is no imputation on his courage to say that his heart beat faster. He had trusted to Robert Elmsloy's candle as beacon-light to guide him, and there was neither candle nor Elmsley. He cursed the coward who had stayed away at the last. . Wait. There was a faint gleam issuing from the door that led to the Tower. Grimside moved hastily to tho end of the corridor, and stood in deep shadow not far from tho entrance. Then it struck him that the gleam which issued from the archway was not like that of a candle. It was a palo phosphorescence, which threw no shadow. It was liko tho shimmering lights qn tho oce.aii, which — - — Stop. The dusky outline of. a human form appeared suddenly in the archway, and the phosphorescence went out. Seon in the dim light the figure looked dim and spectral, an effect enhancoa by tho long, shapeless garment in which it was shrouded. A moment's pause, and then the new arrival moved with solemn, noiseless tread towards the watcher until it was within a dozen yards of him, and then there burst suddenly on Grimsido's horrified imagination the face of a visible fiend — a ghastly palo visage, lined by black shadows, as if tremendous passions had loft their traces there, and two great eyes of fire, which literally glowed in the half-darkness. Tho cloak fell away from the shouldors, disclosing the tunic and,bands of severe Puritan cut, the dark trunk breeches and stockings, and plainest of shoes, and a sword drawn in the right hand. God in heaven 1 It was no lying fable. Tho ghost of Wicked Robort Elmsley did really walk by night in the haunted corridor, and tho false spectre was face to face with the true. Lord Grimsido's blood curdled at the sight, and his hair bristled upright. Slowly the ghostly presence raised the point of its sword toward tho watcher, as if challenging him to unoarthly combat, while fire flashed from tho blado with dazzling effect. With a shriek thnt was hardly human, Grimside turned and fled down the corridor ns if pursued by tho fiend in person. At tho door he cast a terrified glanco over his shoulder to find the glowing eyes close bohincl him, and tho fiery sword drawn back as if to plunge into his body. The shock was too much for him. He fell down insensible. The next morning there was great excitement, for it very soon was gene rally known that instead of frighten ing Robort Fhnsley, Lord Grimside had been frigh toned out of his senses by something dreadful, and had been picked up by Robert himself, who had aroused somo of the sorvants to help him carry Grimside to his room. At first Lord Grimsido refused to say a word about his adventure, though his haggard face spoke volumes. At last, however, ho complied, and then his talo was colored in livid hues ; but to his surprise he got very little sympathy. Flora laughed out right, while Lady Yerderer explained in hor sweet subdued way that a joke was a joke, of course, but that it must not go any further ; and she would be- the last to encourage foolish ideas of spectres, and so on. .My Lord Grimside could not endure this turn events had taken. He left the Castle as soon as possiblo. He must have told his host the real reasons why. he departed in such a hurry, for when he was gono Lord Dartford sent for both his daughter and Robert Elmsley and made a terrible scene, at the end of which Robert Elmsley was ordered to leave the house, and Flora was told to con sider herself in disgrace. Tho latter part of tho sentence did not trouble Flora much. She knew that she would not remain in disgrace long; nor did she. But knowing as she did that the plot to frighten Lord Grimsido was her own idea, tho injus tice of the treatment meted out to her cousin preyed on her spirits, and she became unaccountably sad. Her de pression deepened as tho weeks wore on, and at last her father noticed it,. Ilo told her that he- had sent for a doctor, who he thought would do her good, and though sho declared that there was nothing tho matter with her he insisted on her seeing the physician in question. And when she came into the room where the doctor was await ing her, it was Robert Elmsley. Then, for the first moment, she knew her own heart and betrayed herself. Later, Lord Dartford wroto to Lady Yerderer: "You have won tho bet, and I never had so much pleasure in winning as I have now in losing. Flora has just accepted Robert, and is quite prnpared to run off with him if neces sary. I have laughed ever since, I fanoy they both look on mo as a prodi gal father, but we shall get over that. If they only know how hard we worked to bring them together, but that, of course, they must never know. I must say, however, that I am quite ashamed whenever I think of Grimsido." The wedding was a very splendid affair, and Lady Verderer wns by no means the least splendid of the guests. She wore a magnificent diamond bracelet which no ono had over seon before. " It was a bet," she said airily ; " I know you think it wicked to bet, Lord Dartford," she added with a sly look at tho prodigal father, who re turned a grin of intense delight. " But it is a beauty, dearest Flora, isn't it ? and I am sure you think I deserve it." 