THE NUN’S REXUNClATION. TAKING THE BLACK VEIL. ’ — Argus. The chapel of the Convent of our Immacu late Lady of Morey, N[?]cholson street, was crowded Monday morning, when 12 novices of the order made their profession. The young ladies who took their final vows were specially selected in Ireland, but have passed their period of probation as postulants and novices in Melbourne. The ’ ceremonial which accompanies the profession of a novice is of the most im pressive character. Nothing is omitted that can lend intensity to the solemnity of the occasion or deepen the effect which the sight of a young and refined woman voluntarily separating herself from the world most create upon the imagination. To realise the full meaning of the service it is noceßsary to understand the rules under which ladies are permitted tn become religious members of the Sisters of Mercy. After a period of probation the postulant proceeds to the ceremony of reception, at which for the first time her hair is cut off, and she dons the white veil of a novice. Then follows an interval of two years, and finally tho ceremony of profession, when the novice takes the black veil of n religious sister and eolemnly makes the triple vow of poverty, chastity, and obe dience. It is the irrevocable step, the final renunciation; and its performance, when twelve novices repeat their vows together, with all the imposing ceremonial of tho Church of Rome, must awaken the most de vout and reverent emotions in those who witness it. At 9 o’clock on Monday the service com menced by a procession of the novicee, tho professed r-ligious nnd the olergy, the arch bishop and Ilia chaplains bringing up the rear. Each of the novices and the religious sisters bore a lighted candle, and, headed by the crossbearer, they filed slowly down the centre aisle, while the cantors sang the hymn, ‘ Veni Creator.’ Arrived at the foot of the altar the novic:s remained on their knees, and the religious sist-rs filed slowly left and right to their places along the walls, the congregation occupying the central pews. In this position tho contrast between the spotless white robes of the novioes and the sumbre veils of the nuns gave the scene an intense dramatic interest, which was heightened by the blnzo of candles on the altar, and the tapers which the sisters con tinued to hold throughout the service. Next came the solemn blessing of the black veils, which the novices were soon to adopt for the remainder of their Hvbb, and the consecra tions of the ring which each nun wears on her left hand as a symbol of her spiritual union with our Saviour. The Rev. J. Quinn, of Carlton, preached the sermon, in whioh he made a pathetic re ference to the sacrifice which was that day to be made complete. After the sermon the novioes were con ducted by the mother assistant and the superioress to the altar, when tho arch bishop, wearing his mitre, and holding his ernzier in his left hand, interrogated them as follows; Celebrant —My child, what do you de mand? Novice —My lord, I most humbly beg to be received to the Holy Profession, Celebrant —My child, do yon consider yourself sufficiently instructed in what re gards the vows of religion and the rules and constitutions of this institute; and do you know the obligation you contract by the Holy Profession 1 Novice—Yes, my lord; with the grace of God. Celebrant—May God grant you perse verance in this your holy resolution, and may He deign in His mercy to consummate what He has begun. In the name of the Father, nnd of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. After this a solemn mass was Baid, and each novice in turn was led by the mother assistant and the superioress to the altar, where the Covjitcor was repeated. Then as the archbishop elevated the adorable sacra ment, each novice read the following net nf profession, kneeling:— ‘ln the name of our Lord and Saviour Je=us Christ, and under the protection of Elis immaculate mother Mary, ever Virgin, I (M —N), called in religion Sistor , do vow nnd promise to God, poverty, chastity, and obedience, and the service of the poor, sick, and ignorant, and to persevere until dentil in this institute of Our Lady of Mercy according to its approved rule and constitu tions; under the authority nnd in presence of you, my lord, and right reverend father in God, archbishop of this diocese, and of onr reverend mother, called in religion Mary , mother superior of this Convent of Mercy, this 24th day of September, in the year of our Lord, 1594.’ Having written a crosß after her signature, each n»>vly-professed sister retired to her place, and the service was resumed. Later on, at the invitation from the altar, ‘Come spouse of Christ, receive the crown which the Lord hath prepared for thee, 1 tho newly professed again appro relied the sanctuary, and each received the black veil from the hands of the celebrant. Next the blessed ring was placed on the third finger of the left hand, with the words:— ‘ May Jesus Christ, Son nf the loving God, who has now espoused thee, protect thee from all danger. Receive then the ring of faith, the seal of the Holy Ghost, that tlion mayest be called the spouse of Christ, and if thou art faithful, he crowned with Him for ever. In the name of the Father, and of the Sod, and of the Holy Ghost.' And the newly professed responded:— ‘I am espoused tn Him wham the angels serve, and nt whoso beauty the sun and moon stand in wonder.’ Then after .some further responses, the newly professed prostrated themselves before tho altar (all the people standing) while the Tc Dcum Laudamus was sung. Lastly, the newly professed wero sprinkled with holy water, and tho act of profession was finished. Then followed a touching bobiio. Each newly professed was conducted to the superioress, to whom she knelt, and who raised and embraced her. Then passing on along the line of religious sisters esch in turn bowed and embraced her, while tho cantors sang tho psalm, “ Belmld how good and hnw pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity.’ 