WORRIES OF A TRAIN DIS PATOHER. It was the train-dupatohdr'r torn to tall a story and this was the one he told: 'I was working on a eastern roii iu 1880, and I had a long night trick. Too section of road over whioh I woried was a big ono. It was a single-track road and, as tr&ffio; was very heavy, it kopt iuo busy all the time. 1 4 O-Je wee* in February thero was a very heavy fall of snow and tho trains all got , behind. I was at my wit's end and one ' uight— it was Wednesday, February 1G, I will never forgot that date— I was tryicg to bsnola a heavy eastbonnd ya-deng-»r aad a wuitbound pass e nger that van lully as heavy. Theeastbonnd train wt«' way 'be- hind, and the westbound train had started Out on time. I gave the engineer of the westbound train an order to run to a cer tain station, and when I got a report from the eastbonnd train I ordered that engi neer to go to a certain station and ran on a sliding to alow the other train to pas*. I waa buay with a oouplo of freights at tuo time, and vhen I got through and had time to think it flst-hsd upon mo that I had given what we call a lap order. That is, tho two trains would have to pass eaoh other on tbe same track if my instructions wero carried out. I don't suppose that I would have feit so bad if I had Known that I waa going to bo killed .that minute. The room swam before my eyes ond I nearly fainted from fright. I took a big drink of water ond wind tho nearest stations. Both reported that the trains had left all right. There was a eireioh of traok fifioan miles 1 long between the statiund, ond I Bat there knowing that somewhere on that fifteen mileB those two trains would go together and 1 would bo ths oauss of the death of perhaps a score of persons. 'Tnat was tho moat awful five minutes I over expeot to pas3 throngh. I tried to uiui* »uu x ujuiuu t. iuy nrsc imputso was to run away, I grabbed up my coat and hat and was about to go. Then I de cided that I would stay and take the oon sequences. I sat down by my desk and stared at theoloo£. Every time the tele graph instrument clicked I thought it was bringing tidings of a foarfel wreok, I pic tured to myself the soano3 when the two trains orashed together, as I knew 'thoy mujt, for there was no way to reach them, and every minute seemed liko an eternity. I was pule hb a ghost, and had not tbe strength to handle the key. Great drops of sweat rolled oil my forehead. I lived ^ a century at that desk during that half hour. 4 Two or three tiaies tho impulse to run ' away came over me, but I fought -it back. Then I began to think of killing myself. I did not think I could live and know that I had niude a blunder with suoh disastrous consequences. Hooked around for a pistol but there wa^ none there. I even picked up my paper cutter and put it to iny throat. My nerve was gons, however, and I did not havo the courage to out my throat. I 1 prayed that someone would come in and \- kill me, but nobody came. I .couldn't sit in my chair, and orouched down in a heap on the floor and held my hands over my oars so that I might not hear the terrible tidings that sooner or later, I knew would oome over that wire. ?As I was huddUd thers I heard the operator at tho station from whioh T nant the eastbonnd train calling me. 'Ga'waa his call, and ho repeated it about a dozen times. 1 Here it comes/ I thought, and, by a supreme fcifort, I got over to the desk and tried to answer the man who was oalling. It took me five minutes to get sufficient control of my nerves to answer tne oall. Then I sank b*ok in my chair and waited ; to hear the news of death and destruction, i ' No. 12/ ho wired, moaning the eastbonnd train, 1 is backing into tho station. What's up ?' * It seemed as if Pike's P^ak had been Kftsd off mv ohedt. 1 inmned nn and shouted like a crazy man. It happened that j tho trains were running slow, and had j come aoross each other on a straight piece I of track, had seen eaoh other and had had j time to stop before running into, eaoh j other. I was given a 30-day lay-ofl for the blunder, but I didn't] kick. I; took me all of that time to get my nerves straightened out.'— 7. Lyne. 