NOTES AND NEWS. BRITISH AND FOREIGN. Mr. Maxim carried out his "spoof " game to a magnificent conclusion recently. He got a large company down to his works, let them shoot at his 7s. 6d. cuirass, and then showed that its principal resistance wits a chilled steel plate. The humour of the situation (says the Yorkshire Post was intensified by his calling the dummy figure aimed at by the name of Herr Schneider. This was cruel upon Herr Dowe, who is, by trade, the ninth part of a man. Anglo-Australian in the European Mail gives the following yarns as indi- cative of Queensland weather : - "Cooktown, in North Queensland, is well-known as one of the hottest places on the Australian continent, and there is a regulation story bearing on its extreme sultriness which is told to every traveller who visits those parts. There was a very bad man who once lived in Cooktown - an advertisement canvasser who, when he was not advertisement canvassing, was basking in the sun, and he was such an abnormally wicked man withal that there was never any doubt in the Cook- town people's minds as to where he would go when he died. Die he did eventually, as the story goes, and the town felt relieved. A few nights after his death, however, a local storekeeper was going the rounds of his store to make things secure for the night, when he came across the fellow's ghost, busily engaged in packing up a bundle of blankets ! He had come back for some warm clothing," This characteristic (for Queensland) yarn is now capped by the story of a party of North Queenslanders who came over recently on a visit to England. They feel the cold badly as soon as they landed, and one of the party soon developed pneumonia, and died on quickly. He left orders that he was to be cremated, so his friends had him taken to Woking and sent to the even in due form. The next day there was to be another cremation, and when the attendants opened the door of the crematory they were surprised to hear a voice from within shouting : " Will you fellows shut that door 1 I was just beginning to feel nice and warm for the first time since I came to this beastly country ! " The Czar has had a good many un- pleasantness of late. Among a number of documents awaiting his signature, which had been placed on his table, he found a sentence of death against the Emperor of all the Russias, to be carried out in 24 hours. It was stamped by "The Society for the Liberation of the Russians," and it was impossible to discover how it had found a place on the Czar's table. A few days later the Czar found a skull in one of the bedrooms, on the frontal bone of which was written "Alexander." "Wife-Lending" is the title of a small book just published. It contains a number of miscellaneous papers, the first dealing with wife-lending. The author states that it is a common practice among the lower classes in the North Midlands for husbands to lend their wives to other men. He goes on to show how such a state of things exists, or did exist, among certain native races in various parts of the world. The other articles include " How to Preserve the Poor," "Hunted by a Deceased Wife's Sister," "The Curse of Goodness," etc. In the preface the author writes that " these papers .... are fugitive productions written at intervals in a busy official life as a barefaced attempt to keep me from going mad." Some of his readers will perhaps be inclined to wish he had never made that attempt. Good news to Arctic explorers comes from the Westminster County Court. The North Pole has got into the hands of the lawyers, and it may, therefore, be confidently expected that we shall soon know all about its past history, especially any shady episodes which it may contain. Judge Lumley Smith, C.O., had before him a case arising out of the construction of a canoe for the Jackson expedition to the Polar Regions. It was of little importance in itself, and is only interesting as showing how that mysterious locality is coming within the range of civilisation, under the auspices of a county court judge and several solicitors. At the instance of the Lord's Day Observance Society two cases were brought before Mr. Justice Mathew in the Queen's Bench Division on June 2!). Proceedings were taken under the old statute of George III, and the defendants in the first case were a company owning the Leeds Colosseum, the complaint against them being that they had permitted the Leeds Sunday Society to arrange a lecture by Mr. Villiers, the war correspondent, and another lecture by Max O'Rell. Part of the complaint was to the effect that the lecturers caused much laughter. The learned Judge said that but for this unrepealed statute there could not be a more wanton and vexatious interference with the liberty of the subject than the prohibition of meetings of this kind. The effect of the action would be to call the attention of the Legislature to this Act and its effect in interfering with the legitimate amusements of the people. The jury, under the direction of the Judge, returned a verdict for the plaintiffs, but added a rider recommending the repeal of the objectionable statute. from Nice the death of the last of the Gamboltaa is announced, so that it is said that the family of which the famous Dictator was a member has ceased to exist. M. Gambetta, who has died at the age of 60 years, was his uncle. It is said that the old man was greatly upset at the assassination of President Carnot, and that this hastened his end. The. family came, it is well known, from Genoa, and the father of the statesman so far retained his nationality that his little shop at Cahors was called a " Genoese Bazaar." The Speaker makes merry over Dr. Robinson's theory that the good looks of children depend in no slight degree on the beauty of nurse-girls and governesses. The demand for pretty governesses (says our contemporary) may become tolerably brisk. A letter of dismissal in future may probably run thus :-" You are very good-looking and I have no fault to find with your accomplishments. But although my daughter has been under your care for six months, I see no change for the better in her appearance. She is still freckled, and her nose has not become the delicate aquiline for which I engaged you." Champagne is the English middle class nectar. It is one of the least delicate flavoured wines that there are, one of the most unwholesome, and the most difficult to obtain good. But, on account of its golden colour, its expensiveness and its popular association with luxury and merry-making, the average middle-class man and woman seem to regard it with particular favour. The old steward at Arthur's Club used to assert that in his experience those members who habitually drank champagne for dinner were the first to die. White wine and red wine upon alternate days is the more whole- some rule. But champagne, hotel champagne, at all hours of the day, is infinitely worse than suicidal-it is positively vulgar ! It was recently announced that the oldest clergyman in England was dead. Another clergyman, a little older, writes to say that he is still alive, and that he believes that he is the oldest still living. This is the Rev. Edward Allen, born in January, 1798, who was ordained 73 years ago, when Queen Victoria, eau de child of since Mr Allen, who was formerly rector of Kenton. Mandeville, Somerset, is now living in retirement at Tiverton. Another correspondent says The oldest Anglican clergyman, after Dean Macartney, is probably the Rev. Carr John Glyn, rector of Witchampton and pints Parva, Dorset. Mr. Glyn has entered his 56th year, having been born June 15, 1799, and is therefore nearly three and a half years older than the Bishop of Chichester, who was born in November, 1862. He has held the living of Hinton Parva for GG years (since 1828 and that of Witchampton for 64, and still actively discharges the duties of his position." It is computed by the Single Tax, the new organ of the Scottish Land Restoration Union, that there are now enough paupers in Great Britain to form four abreast, a procession considerably over 100 miles in length. An extraordinary fact is found in T. Nyland s report of the social condition of the people. The counties who have most money in the savings banks have the most paupers, and the counties with the least drunkenness have the most insane. That the infant Prince young York, who was born on a Saturday, will not be exempt from the duties incidental to his Royal calling seems foreshadowed by the following old rhyme, still current among wise women in the North : Monday's bairn is fair of face, Tuesday's bairn is full of grace, Wednesday's bairn is full of woe, Thursday's bairn has far to go ? Friday's bairn is loving and giving, Saturday's bairn works hard for his living ; But the hair that is born on the Sabbath day, Is happy and bonny and wise and gay. The week before the assassination of President Sadi-carnot the Paris Figaro had ready one of the usual illustrations by Forain, which, of course, was not used in consequence of the terrible death of the French President. The artist,thinkingofthethenpossibleretire mentef Carnot from the Presidency, had figured two waiters at the banquet at Lyons exchanging their expressions. One says to the other, pointing to Carnot, " Look at him well ; it is the first time you will see him." Lord Randolph Churchill will not, during his journey round the world, act as a special correspondent of an English newspaper, as he did when he visited South Africa. He has, however, accepted an engagement to write four articles for a Paris journal. There have been many munificent gifts received by London for the benefit of her people, but seldom has such a. magnificent sum been given towards the foundation of one institution as the Duke of Bedford's gift of £1,000 for the proposed free public library at St. Pancras. The contribution that can be called a contribution, which gives all that can be given to be at the entire disposal of those who will manage the library. The gift is a generous one, and may be quoted against the body of men who strongly oppose landlordism on a great scale in the metropolis. An early tourist has brought down a singular story from the top of Ben Nevis. One afternoon last winter, it appears, the assistants at the Observatory were somewhat startled by a knock at the door-a most unusual, occurrence at that season of the year. The visitor turned out to be a tramp from London, His clothes were frozen stiff, and his beard was a mass of ice. After having been warmed and fed, he astonished the hospitable winters on the Bon by informing them that he had come up in search of work. When at the foot of the mountain someone had advised him surely with rather grim humour to try Ben Nevis Observatory; and thus it was that he came to climb the four thousand and some hundred odd feet. The assistants, after re- plenishing his wardrobe and supplying him with a good store of food, sent him off on his downward way. The author of "The Silence of Dean Maitland" (the religious or irreligious, novel which attracted so much attention for a while), whose pseudonym is Maxwell Gray, is Miss Mary Gleed Tutlett. Her father is a doctor in the Isle of Wight, where she was born. Her health is said to be very delicate, a result, it is thought, of her too close application to reading. Tyrant man has no chance against his irrepressible victim. Even in the matter of oil portraits, of those women find ten buyers to one who cares for those of the ' tyrant. The Westminster Gazette tells of a friend who owned two beautiful Romney's, portraits of a gentleman and his wife, and received from a dealer an offer of £5,500 for the likeness of the lady. "And what can you give me for the companion portrait ? " " The odd £500," he replied. " Men are out of fashion now." The last- remains of Coppin's Melbourne Olympic, Iron Pot, were lately extinguished. No scrap of play-bill was found, but there was one queer old relic-an invitation play-bill, issued by the religious world, describing the villainies of the drama, at the "Theatre Rob All, under the patronage of his Satanic Majesty." Enthusiasm with a theatrical audience is very gratifying to the artists appearing on the stage, if it does not go too far. After the performance of the drama entitled Eagle's Nest at the Theatre Royal, Montreal, a short time j ago, the members of the company were called before the curtain. The representation of the villain was received with hisses and groans, and a large board was thrown at him with such force that he had a narrow escape of being laid prostrate. He preserves the piece of wood as a testimony to the flower both of the thrower's ann and of his (the actor's) performance. Mr. Keith of Boston, Philadelphia, New York, and Providence, has built an entertainment house at " The Hub of the Universe " which has cost £120,00. One of the double doorways is " fixed " with silver hinges ; the statuary has been imported from Italy; and the dates in the lower part of the house are in onyx. The act drop, which occupied the artist for a whole year, has been painted in oils, and represents an Eastern subject. One would naturally expect such a beautiful house to be devoted to the highest form of dramatic art. Not a bit of it. Mr. Keith runs three shows a day, from 2 in the afternoon till 11 o'clock, and the entertainments are high-class variety. An hour of opera is often an attraction, and the finest comic, mimetic, gymnastic, and other specialities are engaged the year through. An analysis of the 13,6!) signatures in the visitors' book at Shakespeare's birthplace for the year ended March 31 last show that 38 different nationalities were represented. England and Wales contributed 10,779 of these pilgrims, America 1,082, Scotland 296, Ireland 200, Germany 108, Canada 96, Australia 87, India 67, Africa 63, France 53, New Zealand 36. Four each came from Japan, Java, and Portugal, but only 2 from China and Egypt. A fisherman of Mutant, Ceylon, who had gone out deep-sea fishing the other day, was impaled by a swordfish which had been hooked. The man was stoop- ing over the side of the canoe and drawing in the fish when it leaped out of the water, with the result, that its sword or bill penetrated his chest. the tip coming out at the back. The injured man was attended to by his friends, and removed to the hospital without delay, but there were little Professor Garner, who has become famous as a student of " the speech of monkeys," is descended from several generations of American planters. He lost his ancestral property in the great civil war, in which he took an arduous part on the side of the South, fighting in a number of battles, and being twice taken prisoner. It was a natural love of adventure which led the professor to West Africa and '-he si tidy of the monkey tribe at home. Mrs. Crawford, the well-known lady journalist, has the Irishwoman's fun and geniality. who is the daughter of Mr. Andrew Johnstone, an Irish landlord, whose pecuniary misfortunes led his widow and children to take up their residence in the French capital." A year or so after, when only 22, Miss John- stood just and married Mr. George F Crawford, the Paris correspondent of the Daily News. She had written a little already, and she soon became an enthusiastic and valuable helper in her husband's journalistic work. Nearly 53, Mrs. Crawford works as hard as ever, both in her flat in Paris and in her cottage in the country a few miles away, where about half her time is spent. _ ===== 