A LATTER DAY GHOST. By 3,ss M. L. R.LYr. ti Do I believe in ghosts ? Great Caar's ;host, that Brutus saw on the eve of the battle of Phillipi, answer me." She earliest remembrance I have of super- I natural things is the reading in the Bible of the ghost of Samuel, which appeared I to the witch of Endor, thereby frighten- I ing her nearly out of her own wits, for a she knew she was quite incapable of u producing spirits herself, and was shrewd r enough to recognize a greater power d present than her own. Besides that, tl we have had all kind of ghostly exper- a iences in our own family. When my brother-in- law's cousin's husband lay on sl his deathbed there came three cracks of e a whip over the looking-glass, which instantly was shiveres from centre to tl circumference, and. as the nurse de- h clared, "' you could have walked on that t glass an it wouldn't have cracked." d And when my great uncle died the clock b stopped of its own accern, and could o never be coaxed to go again. There are those, 1 know, who will say k that the three cracks of the whip were w preliminary to the cracking of the glass It from natural causes, and that the old a clock ran down, being worn out with w age. he that as it may. we all have a ft yearnirg for the supernatural, and would rather keep our ghosts in their unearthly c habiliments as evidence of the vague h world of mysticism. whence they stray I for brief visits to frighten or instruct us. But I did have a serious fright from a s ghostly appearance which my Scotch it blood at o,nce pronounced a " fetch," and ai it is inst as near the sopernatural world w as I cars to reach until I become a ghost s myself and play pranks on my own account. f The ghost in question first appeared at a seaside resort-a farmhouse where s they eked out their scanty means by p taking summer boarders. There my e young friend, Kate Ellis, went after the death of a dragon of an aunt, to whom she had been bound as lxion to his wheel As soon as Kate found herself free and able to enjoy life on the com petence the aunt was obliged to leave her, she became morbid on the subject of herduty to the deceased. • If I had only been kinder to her, done more for her, made her life more t pleasant," she wailed. In rain we told her that she had done everything that could be done to comfort a cantankerous old woman, and she should now enjoy a well-earned rest she would invariably return to her self accusations until she finally lost her health. Then it was that we prevailed upon her to go down to the seashore, to this isolated spot, and live out of doors. She had been away a month when I received a letter, summoning me to her side. She was ill, and so changed I hardly recognised her. "It does not agree with you here. It is too lonely. You must come home with me." " Marie," site said in a faint, hollow voice, " I have seen Aunt Selina." I stared at her without uttering a word. 'It is true. The spirit of the dead can come back. I have seen her twice -she looked angelic-all in lovely white-with a veil over her like a bride." I laughed aloud. That homely, yellow, scraggy aunt of hers appearing in such a guise was too much for me. But I saw how deadly in earnest poor Kate was, and I tried to be serious. "' How did she appear to you, Kate ? In a dream ?" I asked, as I made room for her on the bench in the farmhouse garden where we could talk unobserved. "No, dear, I saw her in her own form, in the clothes- closet of the room I sleep in. You know spirits must con form to certain psychological conditions -she could not come through the door, so she attracted my attention to her. Each night an indescribable sound like a clap of distant thunder awakened me No one else heard it, I learned from inquiry of the fanmily." " Did she talk to you? Do you mean to tell methat she spoke to you 1" I asked incredulously. " That is the dreadful thing about it ! I had not the courage to look at her a moment, or to hear her speak. I saw a reproachful lock on her poor, white face, and I-ob, Marie, I must have fainted, for when I awoke it was daylight, and she was gone. There was no one in the closet." " You imagined the whole thing," I said, out of patience with so much sup erstition. "But she came again the next night. I was determined that I would be strong and ask her to forgive me for all the trouble I had caused her, but I was al.ne and so awfully afraid. It was morning before I dared to open the door of the closet and then-" She shuddered and looked around fearfully. " And then ?" I promoted. "Then Ifelt stronger and opened the door. Yes, she was there in nsuch a marvelously beautiful dress, but with that same sad, reproachful look on her face, and before I could speak she melted away from my sight." " Melted ?" " Yes. Dematerialized. It just seemed as if she vanished through the floor and I-I fainted again." "You poor child," I cried soothingly, " I shall sleep in that room to-night, and you shall take the one they have reserved for me. I believe perfectly in the theory of ghosts, but when it comes to their actual presence, I am not so sure. However I would be glad to see oven Aunt Selina. You know I always detostcd her, and I am a good hater, but if she comes back to be forgiven I'm not pure but that I will forgive her,' "Don't dear, you hurt me," saii Hate, meekly. "'I hurt for your healing," I re -ponded; "to-night, then, bring on conr ghost. Oh, by the way, are you quite sure this is not a prank of some ono in the house 7 Have you mentioned the circumstances?" "Not to a mor:al except yourself. I lo not want to be the laughing stock of the house. It is not given to everyone to see the spirits of the departed." " Thank goodness I" 1 ejaculated fervently. and then I became suddenly quiet as I studied the white face of my friend and dreaded the aproach of night. Yes. I may as well own it. It was one thing to sit in the open air and in the sun'ight and bher a story about ghosts, and another thing to be alone in a strange house at the time when the powers of darkness are abroad, and ex pect to see one. It was no proof that there were no ghosts because I had never see one. My Scotch ancestors had been gifted with second sight-why not I ? Nonsense ! They lived in a superstitious age, an-l imagined things. Joshua would never have commanded the sun to stand still if he had known it never moved. I took my courage ny the throat and dared it to forsake me. I slept in the haunted room. Yes, and I. too was awakens by that sound as of distant thunder 1 I had left the light burning, and looking at my watch I found that it was midnight. I concluded someone was up in the house, and then I distinctly heard a sound in the closet-a vague, muffled, uncanny sound ! I never was so wide awake in my life! And I was determined then and there to penetrate the mystery, even if I perished in the attempt. Frightened ? Oh, n-n-no indeed I I shook as if with an ague, but that was excitement, I told myself. To confront a bodyless spirit, an entity, the shadow of a substance, an on hollowed mirage, a vision, something that neither rested in the grave nor dwelt in paradise-lare I open a door between two worlds and face this thing of wonder ? Then I theught of Aunt Selina, who kept everybody uncomfortable while she was in this world, and was now exceed ing her mission by the same disposition as of old. My thoughts took a more wholesome and natural turn. I would frustrate the old dame if I coull. I laid my hands on the knob of the closet door. It sho k as if someone held it on the other side, and the door began slowly to open. I peeped. Goodheavens ! Awoman stood there, and if it wasn't Aunt Selina, it looked enough like her to be that antique specimen, even to the widow's weeds, which I saw by that glance she still wore. Strange to say, I was not as much frightened as I expectel to be, or else I was too badly frightened to know it, and so, in that half-unconscious condition, I pulled open the closet door to fullest extent, and facing the black-robel ap parition I shrieked aloud : "Well Aunt Selina, what do you want ?" For a full minute we stared at each other, then I began to laugh hysterically, and soon Iheard Kate and members of the family pounding on the door. I ad mitted them.a.nd_pointing to the ghost. which had not-yet evaporated, asked tragically : " What does this mean ?" " Aunt Selina !' gasped Marie. "Nothing of the kind," I said, dragging the widdow's bonnet and veil from the black clad figure, "look !" " Please be careful," said a sharp voiced women, stepping in to the rescue ; "we do dressmaking, ani that's my dummy. I don't want that new suit of mourning spoiled." " How did your dummy get into that closet ?" " Oh, there used to be a dumb-waiter there when we kept hotel. I had a wed ding dress on it the last two nights, and now this mournin' order. I just run 'em up to keep 'em from being handled." " At the risk of frightening your boarders out of their senses. You can t have your closet and room both, as we are going back to town as soon as it is I light." SWhich we did, and I am not sure that we were not both disappointed at the tame denouement to our nineteenth century ghost story; which after all does not explode the theory, though it does show how much imagination may do in outlining ghostly features. 