NOW FIRST PUBLISHED IN , AUS TRALIA. CHAPTER LIV. (AT,L RIGHTS RESERVED BY THE AUTHOR.) MURDERED AT MID-DAY OR A GLRL WITH THREE LOVERS A TALE OF COUNTY GALWAY. BY SKIPP BORLASE. It is now, high time to return to the Dillons’house on Salt Hill, and to inform, the render how No,rah received the intelli gence of her preservation. Desmond found old Mr. D.llon standing out on his top doorstep, for Nora h had told her mother where her cousin-lover had gone, and for what! reason, who had at once run. downstairs,and imparted the nows7to.,'the equally .distracted ‘ father, whom’, four. w,a|ls could no 'longer- hold ;until ; v he, had learnt the , result of life nephew’s interview with Sir John though be hadn’t the slightest idea the while on what ho wa*. going to base.his appeal to him, ; “Toll,me the best or the worst in a wori?” the old man said to his nephew, as, and indeed almost before, he gained his side. ~ s ;• “ Norali is safe 1” \yas the response. “ Then he made a full - confession of hjs guilt in that mat t-r also 1" persistently. queried Mr. Dillon. . “ He hps faithfully piomised me that my cousin sifall not suffer so much ns ovin a suspicion of having caused the death of Kathleen O’Oonnor,” answered Desmond with an unconscious frown upon his brow. “The villiHaj;! and ho has suffered my dear child tovendure the most cruel .mental tortures' for weeks on account of a most infamouaTcrimo of his’ own com mitting," exclaimed Mr. Dillon bitterly.;, “ RemOmber tliit hut for him your child would almost to a certainty have bad to undergo trial, condemnation and. death—the most disgraceful and terrible' of nilTdeaths, and sP reflecting, endeavour to feel gratitude to Sir John Berkeley instead of anger .and indignation,” rejoined Pat Desmond. ‘ . , Then observing that his uncle wns about to make answer in a way whioli he felt would at that moment provoke him to» reply which it would be better for liis uncle, aunt and cousin that he -should .restrain,,' he passed rapidly on indoors, i and hurried up tlie staircase to the drawing room’, where he piado sure that he. should find both Nprah arid her mother. ‘ ‘ ‘ f . He was nob disappointed, for the instant lie entered the aparlmhnt he perceived his cousinKyingupon the sofa, and Mrs. Dillon seated on ii low prie-dieu chair close at Her side. On hearing his footsteps, even upon the soft carpet, the, lovely girl lifted her head off,tlm sofa cushion, and turned her pale, tear streaming face, and fear lighted eyes towards him,, whilst exclaiming ex* citedly and In a voice unlike her own as it possibly could be. “Well? Wellr j “You .arc safe, Ncrah, quite safe,” was her cousin’s low toned, yet impressively spoken reply. But tlio agonisingly excitedand almost Jbysiericttl girl . made answer, whilst, she jprnng to her feet as though forced thereto a powerful electric shock “ Noj no, 1 am not safe or you'woiild look, more glad.. You bring ,mb my degth warrant—it is written upon your . very face, aye, and eigtifd’there as well. Oh, Patrick,, don’t fce'tearful, of causing my sadden death with your news, for if I must die. it is in your arms that I would wish to pant out cay life she wailed forth ; at the same time endeavouring to disencumber herself ' of a shawl, which owing to her. intense ox-, eitemeht, seemed to be suffocating and even strangling her, “ Norah,"said her cousin, catching hold of her hands, and clasping them tightly in his“Sir John. Berkeley wilj save you, perhaps ,has already, done so. jnay be quite sure of this and so you need have ho further on your own .account. All danger is, over—aye, altogether past and gone—I swear it to yoii ’’ “And you can’t lo)k mere happy than you do, now that I tun preserved to you 1 Oh, Pvt, there,is something in your fac<* And eyesthat hurts pnd terrifles me even i more than the prospect of the—of an un ;de»esVed'deoljj just, no.w did—what is it 1 Bay ? You look as though you both de spised and baled rue;’’ “ indeed X do heijbber the one' nor the i other, ifpw’oould X ?. Let your mother put you to bed, Norab. You i have gone' through ,a most terrible ordeal an J—now , .that the reaction has come—you cannot things as they really arc. Facts hav ing ceased to terrify yon,, /fancies usurp fchOir place, and to a disorc&rt-d; or un hinged mind fancies often prove more dis tressing, than facte. Goto bed Norah; I ’< bhaeech you at once to go to bed. To morrow-morning will show you my face looking just as usual—aye, just as it has oyer, done.” . } " Desmond's speech was meant to bn kind but his tone whs irritable rather thah comforting, wherefore even Mrs. Dillon (whom the intelligence of her daughter’s safety had affected with a sudden faint ness, bo that she could only close her oyes, sat quite still, ahd gave silent (hough for* vent thanks to God, for, os she mentally put it, “ softening the murderer’s end thereby delivering her innocent child from a great shame and peril,") could not help suddenly raising her head and looking at her nephew with infinite sur prise. , But Noroh regarded-him with very much more than surprise!,' and ot last having succeeded in tearing off her shawl, she flung it on the floor, and then clutch tog bold of the back of a chair, as though lor support, site stood before him ih ail (the glorious ' 'loveliness of evening dress pDco inore, and/cxclitimsd j— }'You think thatyou IliiVfe doneme a leflffeev tteuein Pot. X don’t If now; Whether' you or, no.; T really begin' tu (Jbubte Toll me *b«t has suddenly bome between top and. mo, and if you r tell the trutii, then > g/>all know Indeed whether I Haw. gaijicd V by your ; visit to Sir John Berkeleyr ■> ” in fact, the life which y£a have 1 he- is spared is w.ortli my pccep ,. concluded film lei go 4 /be chair nn ‘,l up to .her cousin, and laid her hands on broad shoulders, instead, looking op W-m? rose so her feet; and w? room,,; , ... ,i ,.,-N , .... .. hpF husband on the .'bresMd, . as hfi twas about to enter slip said td bim'. ;i niveau jleave ibo; young...people; ... my dear. . . Pat sayed Norah’s life— ; there can he no doubt about It—but shb’s excited and. hysterical, and hot can.soothe and comfort her better thon either you or, I,” but she added to'herself ; — “ God grant that ho may do so, for I can’t think what has come over the deaf- boy. I fail to make him out nfr all.” CHAPTER LY. Norah, left alone with h not.undmtand him “ Pat,” she said, as k$f>n mother had closed the rdqm\dobfc ; hor, “ Sir j olm bas set mo. I fool it. I know it, W grieved and disappointed from a horrible death; Come sir,” she added, trying to namme. a ( playful tone and manner, d look at me, and tell me that you rejoice at having saved my life, and that you are in ecstacy at the thought that I shall soon be all your own.” But, though two plump, milk white shoulders, were uplieavod most temptingly near to his moustachiod lips, Patrick Desmond kept his eyes fixed on the less lovely, albeit extremely beautiful , face of his. cousin, and replied coldly:—, “ I had to purchase your safety, Norah, at what, you will doubtless: consider a high price. . High or low I could not buy ; it at a cheaper one. . It was that - if Sir, John confessed to having . killed poor Kathleen O’Connor I would never make you my wife. , I gave him ray word of honor that I would not and the promise I regard as sacred.” “ And the promise you are evidently something more than content so to regard, f was afraid that after all I had nothing to thank you for, Pat Desmond, and now I know it. That man,. that double assassin has lied to . you about mo, andyou have loo readily believed him and so h t him teach you to halo mb.” “My word is my bond. Nor would .my heart relent though I’d not given it, for now that you-are safe I. could not marry you.” “ Then would that I could hang— hang—hang whilst knowing that you loved me. But you shall love me, fori cannot, will not live without your love. It bias’,ever been more , dear to me than aught else in lif«. Oh, Pat, you will never know, because I would never dare to tell you hpw much X have cared for you, or how much dared and done to make your love ray .own.” Bab Pat Desmond, even with, her fragrant breath upon his oh-'ek, ex claimed ;— “Pshaw! I’m stronger in will than you think for,” and pushed the fair, girl almost roughly oway from him, at the same time adding : —“ There, go to bed, and sleep away this folly. You are my cousin, Norah, but nothing more, you never will or can be anything more, now that the necessity has ceased to exist, 1 was your champion whilst you were in danger—I was ready to make any personal sacrifice in order to. give the world the lie so long as it charged you with sin and crime ; but that is now all past and g .no, and the world will take you in»o its arms again—aye, it will condole with you on what,it will term your unmerited mis fortune, and ciroisyou as compensa tion for your suffefings. Let all that suffice. My future may now be wholly spent in mourning the loss of my own Kalhben.” Of this, under the circumstances long speech, the concluding word* stung Norah Dillon the most aharpely. Sho could have borne that of a hornet with far more equanimity, and the manner, in which,' Pat a minute before had pushed her away from him, had bruised her heart to a much less degree. “ Kathleen O’O jnnor }" she exclaimed bitterly, “That girl stole your heart away from me years ago.” “Nob so, Norah, for X give ft to her freely.” i* It was no longer yours to give, for you had already bestowed it upon me. Not only did she deprive mo of your heart, but at a later da*o I owed to her your broken faith j and now, yes now, she is still a thief in her very grave, and I am still the robbed one,” was the bitter eponse; and then the lovely,- mind-, tortured, passion-racked girl added im petuously;— /‘Go, you arc not worthy of me, you why could hug. a cold shadowy memory to your breasjb ra 1 her than ray glowing living charms. Charm*? Your conduct makes mo doubt whether 1 cap really be so beautiful as I have.always"thought my self, whilst oven if Tam you have despised my beauty and so I loathe it. Thus will I show my loa f hing—thus —thus —thus.!” With each gasping, choking repetition of the last word, she, with her e’enohed fi.it struck at her panting and uncovered 'whose snows immediately became suffused with the delicate pink' flush of. the china rose. So rapidly had Norah attacked herself, that Pat Desmond could not possibly have prevented the a'asiult. Ere she could renew it, however, he seized her by both wrists, and hold her firm, saying (ho wile :— 11 Don’t be so childish, Norah. What has your pretty neck dono to win your hate? God never formed it so lily-white and lender, for usage such as that.” “ It shall .endure far worse, since you have scorped me. That scorn has made mo hate ipy loveliness,ns all inadequate to make you captive, and go I’ll torture it to take my spite ,out. M ff JjTo, no, forbear, forbear? Swear you’ll optpurt yourself until- the morrow, that is to say/jpatil f again. v . “ When will ypu como T •“ Ten in .the morn/ f‘ It would be vain. How coyld J. move you then, os I should do npw ? No, noj no, no, I'll know nry fa.te at .once, Withstand mo as I am, and you’ll with stand mo ever/'. , ■ •“ You.oannot really mean that you'll .do what you threaten (9 your fair self, if ; J am Arm,” ;. '• J yow I willj apd more. Belf-witted, pbjgUnaJte, pig headejd ? Wheji have I broke my word i Hq; vo 1 not courage? Po I.fear pain? l ,Bve never known tno do it and yet yoq ? ve seen mo beaten as a child—corrected for. my good withstern severity—did I wince then or d'd my prido prevent me? Oh, J, can -torture my owp. golf in vengeance, wfth a fierce: joy, and X will surely do it. By God aj)4 heoven .l'll .* do it whilsfeyou scorn too/' 1, “ Norah, I break my vord and marry you, For your fair bodyhj sake 1'IJ heap up shanfo upon 'toy head and heart. Bereft of honor, and of solf rqflpeot, do »dth me what you will, fori am yours, now arid f/?r 6'ver.” ! ( At this juifotufo Mrs, Dillon made' her upon tho scene, Bhe dame to tell her nephew that she thought it was high* time that he should, 4b on bls v/ftyhpme, Nnarh in bed; so to relief wells bad to be b'aotily Routes later lie was out in the cool Siting air of /the eably mbrnibg, with alltho glamour pf ohormg dissipated, leaving hi to humiliated and t ■;„;;Phaptbrlvi, f,,.’.'■ Wiljeft botcctiro /Blake boutoj 1° ft burning hut, with the door,, moreover, closed upon him., i The stench of the old .pair, of boots which he had risked so much ,to obtain, possession of, as. .they blistered,, shrivelled, and slowly burned away ,in the open turf fire whereon Tim 'O’Flannigan ‘ h/*.d thrown them, was enough to fpoison ■ VGr y dtiar tliat ;he would ho could be. poisoned. U J^T^® 0ine0Me quickly came ' to his ; V^ 1 :/ 1106 ’ and who could lie expect to ,s a, dinthat sparsely inhabited Ijjfretrict, for he could not remember another hut as standing even within, sight of tins one in which he was- being cremated whilst yet alive. Blessed are they who expect littl«, how ever, for they shall receive much, and Detective Blake realised the truth of the proverb when the door of ; the cabin,' framework and.all,fell outwards upon the ground with a crash ; and a wild looking figure, bare-headed, loug-haired, and: clad in fluttering rags and tatters, rushed into the interior vrith a kind of limp in his run, and taking hold of its solitary inmate under either arm, began to lug him back wards across the earthen floor towards: fresh air and safety. ; , Didn’t Blake pray fervently that the odd-lookicg being’s strength, might net give out ere bo could accomplish his pur~ pose, arid also that the thickly falling whilst fiercely furze might not set them' both a flume during the necessarily slow progress. ' " ■ Tim OTJannigan’s gaunt sow presently made a diversion in her master’s favor, and her 6\yn ns well, by suddenly, rushing oyer the detective’s body, and in between his would be-rpsduqr’s legs, toppling the’ latter over the former on to the floor on her way out ; for though it isn’t every lady who objects to a change of .name, the ono in question seemed to much prefer to bo still cdied pig to entitling herself to that of pork. ! The stronger fortunately picked him self up off the floor with the greatest alacrity, and set htmsolf to his humane task again with redoubled energy, so that Tim O’Flannigan’s late habitation b : ing far from extensive, rescuer and rescued were soon on the outside of it, and even at d safe dista'noe from the blqz’ng furze and'heather which the wind was swirling all about. - - Blake having got some fresh air into his parched throif, was soon able to thank the stranger for having saved his life; who retorted with :— “ What are you doing in such a place and what did those uu-n servo you out so badly for?” To the detective’s surprise the speech .of the man of rags and tatters was musical and refined. It was evidently the voice.of an «ducatod man and of a gentleman that questioned him. On that account, as well as for some other r< ason that it would have puzzh d Blake to explain, it won his confidence at one *, wherefore he made candid answer: — “ f came hern to obtain evidence that Sir John Berkeley did not murder his brother. Aye, and I shall yet procure it, thanks (o you.” “Thanks to too ! what do you moan by that.?” “ Why, the boots may barn, but the hob and clinker nails will he left behind, and I’ll bo able to fish them out of the cold ashes of yonder raging fire in time oo save (he poor baronet’s ijfe.” “ What good do you suppose that the nails can do him ?” asked the unknown coldly, M Why the the boots in which they wore in were worn by the wretch who, on some specious ' pretext pr other lured, young Qrorge Berkeley to bis doom, He left the pattern that tfp*y were set in, and a somewhat fanciful ope it was, deeply imprinted in ijie ’damp tenacious soil of the garden beds and lawn at ; Gorpragh, and I took caro to dig up the earthen moulds. When I have fjttod ajl those nails therein it will be a hanging matter for Tim O’Flannigoi), and ho will not have improved his position by burning tbe boots and trying to burn mo in their j company, for the doiib’e act will show that ho know very well how great u danger menanced Him both from the boots : and from the iran .whoso life you hovel preserved or he would nob have tried to destroy tho one and then made so des perate an attempt to rid himself of the other.” “ I apprehend though, that if taken, he will have little difficulty in proving that ho and tho others murdered. - George j Berkeley by hinbro her’s orders—-that, in fact, they were all time of them paid agents and Sir John's unscrupulous cats paws in the infamous crime,” said the stranger, wi'h extreme bitterness in his lone. > “You nny rest assured that no one will beliovT- the talc"; no one who has the leant knowledge of the baronet, at all events." “ 1 myself have had a pretty intimate knowledge of him—in tho past—and I should believe tho tale, implicitly,” answered tho unknown. “ In heaven’s name, why ?!’ snapped out the detective. “ Because the employer was present \vhen t)je crime was perpetrated, lie gazed upon his ypuog'r brother’s death* agony and felt no remorse. He even paid his hirelings in jblmfc doomed b r P fc ber'a presence—who saw him do it?” “ Who 'saw, blip do it! How know you that ?” .exclaimed the atarjbled and as tounded listener. . < “ Because t was, and, I supppso still am.'that brother," the oalip reply. “ Ypu are he ? Then I’m almost sorry that I pw.e my life to sucb a scoundrel. What, are you concealing your existence from the world until your own and only brother has been hanged for supposedly putting an end to It by the awful crime Of fratricide? I could not have supposed that there was so vile and malignant a wretch lb the world.” j ‘ , “ a bitj iny good follow; Do not Judge.‘me.tpo/horshly ari ( di qq wholly pyidonco, . Had I intended that Sir ij’ehn jjorkfeley should rriiilly liang, for my ; is |t gV a)| likely that I should haye my,identity to any. one — all tp a fredhrit partisan like r yourself—before ho v actually woS| banged j You must own that there Wrtsh't the least occasion for my doing so. The fact of the rriattpr is that ? the time has arrived, in which X have all along intended .to rbvftvl myself, I owe to my Older brother .all the ’bitterness and all the agony of death, though not death itsjlf, and ho in turn now owes to mo all tliq'biiternesB and agony of, death. . Thus I have paid him back in kind, and the dpbtMs.oanoelled. Had I not been already, pnmyway to Galway to show mysplf, .there as a living man, you would o’er this have been Si dead one, for I should 'not-, hayoljeen neighbored 0! yon fjiqp,' %a stand I have saved your' life riot once but', twjpp ttyis night,' for, those throe men's first inteftpion yrfi s lo pitch you headlong from a height Intp tho Bog of Ardmobr, and (n the role, of tiiy own ghost ! headed 1 them back and' frightened them a\vay, therefrom.” ’ ! , tf jtjfyq ! jfoo!.dMp, a; debfc 6t . gratitude to have aright to find fault with you any more, but I’m juat as con vinced as ever i was that your brother had nothing to do with your'hnppily only attempted murder.” “ I repeat to you that he was on the ®P ( >t and at the very least superintended “ Might you not have been mistaken 1 The night, I’ve been given to understand was very dark, save at raVe intervals, when the moon shone out from between rifts in the heavy clouds:” 4 *’ Yes, thxt was so. -I*ll own that it was too dark at the time for mo to re cognise my brother’s face, but the height was his, and I could clearly make out that he had but one arm,-which last fact was naturally quite enough ~to convince me that >it was he.” “ Why one of those three scoundrels w|io tried to murder mo juet now had only one arm.' I notice and it particularly; and, hang it, now that I come to give the matter a thought, he was just about Sir Jqhn|a. height and build as well." . ■‘ f G'feat God ! are you sure of what you say?”-: v V, “As sure as I am that, thanks to you, T have jusVeacaped burning.’’ - George Berkeley made no answer for a minute or more, and all that while, though the night was wa- ra, Blake could hear his teeth chattering in his head. Suddenly he exclaimed, in harsh rasp ing tones:—“l- was mistaken. Yes, at last I know—l feel—that I was mis taken,. and the error has almost made mo a second pain, aye, and not for the first time either, for once I was on the point of shooting- my brother; and most cer tainly - should have done so, if—but thefts, there, this is ho time for idle talk, ,£dr we must be up and doing. 1 will cut your bonds, and then wo must away with all speed to Galway Town. Stay though ‘—how can wo get‘there I You are in no condition for a long walk, I ,fear ?" ■ “ Whatj not when there’s three thousand pounds awaiting,mo at (he end of it?” exclnimed (ho detective gleefully. “Three thousand pounds? I fail to catch your meaning,” “ Why, your brother, Sir - John, has promised me one thousand if I save him from hanging, and another. couple of thousands backed thereto if I discover you •alive and well, and it strikes me very forcibly that I’ve accomplished both mittorp.?’ “But the shoo nails which you just now made so much of ?” “They can now only help to punish for Sir John’s innocence will be perfectly apparent through you and through you alone. Besides, i’ll be back hero by the time that that blazing hut is cool enough to enter, and Tin really anxious to get to Galway in order to despatch some policemen to hunt after and, if found, to arrest all three of the scoundrels. I could do noth ing against them in my present hand cuffed and battered condition, and they wouldn’t bo frightened of you either, as snbh as they discovered that you wore no ghost.” . , “No, I daresay not, and besides actual danger may attend our staying here any longer, for the men may comoi back. There, your leg bonds are cut. Ah, you can get on to your- feet—that is good— and now let us be jogging,” Blake was nothing loth, vherefora'they at once set faces towards Galway. (to be continued.). 