BREVITIES The Trades Excursions. Oztne engaged By St. Kilia j-nd Prahran. £18 collected in ' 110 tirn-} ' at the St. Kilda meeting. The Hon. G. Tamer contribntaJ £5 to the priz-) fund. ao aia jstr- woou, tue cty cmncus solicitor. 'Scenes thit are Bi-iglitest,' — Schnapper P -int. S 1 s iy the Tra ics. Inngination is to love what gas is to the balloon — that wiiich raises it from the earth. Mie conutry Press still 'picking' at the Speight — ^Syaie verdict. Prahran City Council resumes its sittings on Mon lay next. Hawksburn Cricket GItib hoi ling a cake fair in Prahran on Feb. 8, 1) and 10. Love is followed by disap ointment ; aimiration by mortification ; and obli gation by ingratitude. Hawksburn anH S'. Kiiia cricket teams meet on th; litter's yrou-.id to day. Hopeful spinster — ' Wint, as a man of the world, do y.iu consular the most desperate form of g.imbliog ?' The bachelor — 1 Marriage.' Dancin Gillies proceeds to England shortly an General Agent — beg pardon Mr. Patterson — we mean Agent General. Uow ti keep Ihe barglara out of llie house — 'we jonr jewellery on tha d »orstej». Bulletin saye — 'Two twin sisters a^e ttie b st joke in the Melbourne Itoyal Panto-ijnn*i — Gool j -ke that, when the twins are ' oys' Mr. Blurt — ' That t:an has a future bef.re him.' Miss Per — 'Has, lie ? Well, it w.wl 1 be v ;ry unu^nd were it be'iind him, woulda'c i; ?' St. Kilda E-lplm.rie crowded wilh visitors on Thursday evenin}?, 011' the - occasion of a bono coiic^n. i Efforts are yet to be made to indccc ; the South i'arra Trades and the Fruiterers' Club to join in thi Prah ran marine excursion. ' I Bay, Jenkins, can yoa tell a young tender chicken from an old tongh one?' — * O' course I can.' 'Well how? * — ' By th 1 teeth.' ' Chick ens have no teeth.' — ' No, but I hare.' Out of a met-ting of about fifty members of the P. ahran Tradesmen's Club the other evening only two had a word to say. Tiio cba.rimn, after any 4 motion was cirried, would anxiously exclaim, ' That's all the business, I 'i believe!'' j ' I have got the best of the railway , company for once in my lif?.' ' How is that P«it ?' ' I a v,; b ju^ht a return ticket to Dublin, and (in a whisper) I ain't ciming back.' Neartohercheeks his lips hebronght; His wish — he gently spske it ; 'No, no,' she said, but this she thought,. ' Why doesn't the stapid take it.*' She — 'Oh, you men are all the same ; it is ' out of sight out of mind,' with you all.' Fweddy — 'I must admit it, Miss — a*», Ethel in your case ; when you ars out of my sight, I am out of my mind.'* Really, you know, Freddy is getting on. ? The worship of mammon is a very strong element in t ie character of the O'Ril^y twins, vrh » appear with Miss Maggie Moore in the Royal Panto mime. Though but 'onr years old, the youngsters nightly make a raid upon Treasurer Sproule for wages, with success. It takes a smart man to make ths ' Ghost' walk nightly at a theatre. Brown's wife weighs over two hundred pounds. W Inn Brown asks her ' shall I help you over the fence, my dear ? * ' she replies demurely, u No ; help the fenc V , Willis—' That youig man who plays tli-' cornet is sick.' Walkca — ' D i you think he will reciyer V Willis— 'I'm afraid not. The doctor who is attend ing him lives next door.' Huebwd- — ?' I .have, just .had— my- portrait tak^n. Wn«t do you think of it?' Wife — ' Beautiful dear. I wish you would look like it sometimes.' He — 1 Mable, tell me do you love ine !' She — ? Yes, darling ; I would die far you.' He — * No, dear, I prefer your hair as it is at present.' Boding water which rises Irorn ar ?tesian wells ii to be run through the beating apparatus of bouses in Boise city, Idaho. When wo meet with better fare than Was expected, the disappointment is «rerlooked, even by th'e scrupulous. When we meet with warsj than was expected, philosophers 'alone know how' to make it better. ^ We'Aave heard of « when the anthem had oncluJed, rose ? and commenced . reading Acts xx. - fl That is e story on ' the ™ pdjSt, , now the js ' : ,- k. M repartee. ? We vfl following: discourse,. and sat ^ rose aad gang, «» It *0 9 