AMUSEMENTS. Another large and appreciative audience assembled in the Bijou Theatre on Tuesday evening, when the original Australian drama " The Squatter's Pardon" was again staged by the Garriok Dramatic Club, assisted by Mr. Walter Bentley. The performance went with a swing from the rise to the fall of the curtain, and more smoothness was notioeable throug^Kratthan on tfaeoooasion of tbeinitial pre sentation. Miss Mary Bancroft, Miss Moffatt, Uim Woodcock, and Miss Plnnkett all lent valuable aid in the interpellation ot the drama, and Messrs. Lyons, Bentley, Furlonge, Morgan, and Reevas were once more suc cessful in their various roles. Taken as a whole the performance was a smooth and an even one, and the dramatist, Mr. J. H. Lyons, and those who are associated with him have every reason to be satisfied with the reception accorded them by the audience. "The Squatter's Pardon" will be again pre sented this evening and throughout the week. ■? The programme for she two Bentley-Webster conceits whioh take place on Monday, February 26, and Thursday, March 1, is pub lished, and the box-plan at Mr. Howells's is rapidly filling up. His Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor has granted his patronage. One of the principal items of tbe programme will be a duet by Misb i?abeUe Webster and Mr. Nitechke, while Mr. Bentley will recite Hood's " Dream of Eugene Aram, and Mr. Duncan, a local tenor, will take part. A capital programme has been arranged for this evening's "Continental,'' whioh is the next to last of tbe season. Herr Heinicke's orchestra will again appear, and Mr. Milford Haven, a Melbourne tenor, will sing for tbe first time in Adelaide. Miss Hilda Harman, a local soprano, will also make her appearanoe, and the performance should be a thoroughly enjoyable one. The excellence and seasonable nature of these entertainments have led to numerous requests for a continuance of the Bfaion. and snould Mr. Basse decade to give another series be may be assured of meet ing with the approbation and support of the public. Tbe Cyekmma of tbe Battle of Waterloo still continues to attract large attendances daily, and the additional attractions of Napoleon's ghost and the enchanted fountain give pleasure to all visitors. 