A NE W NERO. (PeubLii hd by Spooi airrngment with :Mesrs. Ward, Look, ad Bowdenq, Ltd.) THE STORY OF HAROLD MOUNTSTUART'S LIFE. OHAPTER XV.-(Cnotinidu ). ' Don't speak of it!' I returned with a shudder. ' If I ever should inherit it, it would be to tremble at-my own . possible fate.'. : 'You're su"erstitibus, then ?' said my friend. Hie was a young officer, with a good recent record in Egypt for .nerves of steel. ' Not in. the least, my dear Sir rFrancie. But one has dreams, fancies, fads.' ' Rlight-one has. I understand you. Everybody would understand you. These things can't be oexplained, somehow. They're like burrs; they will stick. Or, better, they're like the Sfleas in the Soudan.': Sir Fmrancis Mountjoy threw back his blond head with a laugh that showed his strong, . white teeth. ' Still, if you should really drift into Graydon Hall some Sday, my dear Harold,' he went on, ..' I'll ask you to let me go down there and help you in the exorcism of its ghosts.' That winter in London was es pecially odious. The fogs began earlier than was their wont, and con tinued for weeks with a sluggish per sistence that reminded 'one of the murky disposition of my' cousin Edna. The hatred which I felt for her now and then startled moe. As I have re peatedly stated in this ohronicle of my dark deeds, remorse was .wholly aloof from my nature. The traditional dreams and nightmares of the blood stained assassin never intruded upon my rest. But dreams and nightmares which had to do with my abhorrence of Edna now troubled me in grisly legions. I saw her in many attitudes of open and insidious' injury, some times advancing towards me with a knife that maniacally menaced me, sometimes dropping by stealth into my food what I knew to be a furtive pinch of poison. But bloodcurdling enough was one dream that incessantly reduplicated itself. I stood arraigned before a .shadowy judge and jury in. an immense gloomy hall. Edna, phale as a spoectre, loomed from the witness.box. In a droning voice she repeated the entire history of my crimes, not missing a detail. She told \- how I had compassed the death of my Uncle Malcolm, and a groan of horror burst from the ghostly court. She told of my wily villainy to Egerton, and the same groan waxed louder sntill. She recounted my awful assassination of Blanche, and the groan became a shivering wail of exeoration. Then, at last, she narrated how I had slain SUnole Osoil, and, with a sharp yet mighty shriek, the 'whole nassemblage rose, rushing toward me as if to tear me in pieces. And Ilknew their mortal intent, This was what made my night maro so especially. agonising and caused mo to wake from it in a clammy 'sweat, with my heart thumping against :my ribs., Slowly, anid yet with a distinct growing certainty, I now became aware that a most decisive change had taken hold of me. At last I had reached a sooecure 'haven of resolve: my further course. of crime should be abandoned. Yes, I would spare three lives those of Angus, of Edna, and of Olive: I ',ould throw to the winds all future dreams both of gain and murder. The prize might be great, but the, throat of rlsk was unendur able, Not that I had turned a oowand; my courage .was firm as over. But Edna's attack, though ropulsed,' had shown me one thing; this was the decreased probability of my remain. ing undiscovered in the commission of those threeoo moro deadly acts which wore needed to empower me with the heirship of Graydon, ' Four lives had already been extinguished through my subtle and conolonooless craft, A monitor now rose within my spirit, callous as any force of impulsion which had yet swayed it, The name of this now deterrent motive was Prudence, I had Dyandotto, and a fairly liboral income besides, Life couldl 'give me,' from to-day uutil the" diay ; that I departed from it, many real diversions and paistimes, In me- was 'the zest of' the soholar, and my library Scould feeood this, In me was the zest of the: soloentist and my laboratory coul' set this tingling, both through ploaauras of application and study, and through forvours of hope to aohiove theoro some novel and startling result, On the oothrhandImightpursuo the path wherein I had planted iny intrepid and audacious feet. But pit falls and qultuksands might, in the latter ease, lurk for me, while to ao "apt defeat yet exist at enase though wivith moderate means would offer a prbspot shorn of perils and also clad .with comforts, 'There were moments when I eat in "my London chambers and told myslf that the porsittout and depressing fogs were alone responsible for this radical ohangeo of purposeao, One morning, after a walk through ]?looedilly, in which the almost inky gloom of the attoosphoro made mo mlstako the Haymarkct for St.,Tamos-stroeet, I do tormlunol to seek DJyandotto andi try the offoet of altered shies, Thie same evening I loft London, and soon afterward groeeted the urprieod' osr vants r at my hoeerful though modost little country estate, "'wo months of solitude now ensued for me, I trove to forgot my haunt ing hato of Ednn, and with at least partial auooes, Ofton I would spend several Ihourn at a tilma in 'my labora tory often I woul. puass many hours il may library, roeading rather the modern esloatllo volunmo which I had myseoll caused to be sent down to meo from London than the old-time historians, dramatists, and poets with whose works my father had long ago stocked the bookshelves. Odeasionally.I would take long walks near the sea, watching it'in all its mutable moods. Listless now and now turbulent, it for ever sang to me one song: ' Iam time made tangible, and yet I am eternity as well. Thou sands like you have gazed upon me, and in the splendour or gloom of my breast are the flashes of longing or of despair with which their eyes have watched me. Somo day I will perish as they have perished; my lights and shadows will fade into nothingness as theirs have faded. This world is but a caprice, a whim of the vast chaos beyond it. Its death will be of no more import in the enormous scheme of creation than the withering of the tiniest grass-blade. Hearken to my murmurs, and interpret them aright. They do not tell you the secret of the 8phinx, for she had no secret to im part. She cast herself into my depths because she had pretended to a wis dom beyond that of the fabled gods whose kin she boasted to be. She had nothing to tell, for she knew nothing, and, more than all, she knew there was nothing to know. The riddle of the universe is answerable but in one way : If Eternity were alive and con scious, which it is not, Nature would be its blended smile and frown, and Man would be its sneer.' I strove to feel contented with my new surrender of a half-accomplished design. But now and then angry ambition would pluck me by the sleeve. She came to me like a dark winged angel, emissary of Satan, the dows of hell on the snaky dusk of her hair. She cried 'shame' in my ears, and mocked me for infirm of purpose, as the weak Thane of Oawdor's hardier wife mooke him in the play. At such times I felt self-rebuke gnaw my heart as other men might have felt the wounding. tooth of remorse. Then again would come scornful rebellion against such persuasions. Was I a mad fool to tempt fate still more boldly? Had I not heard her warn ing sound through all my senses, and would I not deserve, if I failed to heed it, that very ignominy of the soaffold toward which her finger had seemed to point P No; I would pay satiric deference to those powers of the air which I had onceo despised. I would punish myself for my own un pardonable blunder. 'Let well alone,' runs the popular phrase; I would let ill alone. Discretion, they say, is the better part of valour; I would prove it also the warier side of sin. And yet the stress of ciroumstance was all this while destined to sweep away my intent. Oddly enough, I had of late boon studying the char aoter and composition of certain ex cessively powerful poisons, no doubt because of my recent acquaintanceship with nicotine and the spirit of fasoi natod inquiry which this. begot., Ranged on a shelf in my laboratory were several bottles of these destrao tive fluids, one or two of which I had prepared with gloved hands. It is quite possible that in calling forth such .noxious potencies from their sleep amid the complex arcanum of nature I had been stirred by dimly personal motives. Edna's accusations had set me think ing, Thoro had been criminals who believed every trace of their crimes buried beyond all chance of. exhumation, and yet who had waked some morning to find the shadows of disgrace and death bath ing them in twofold gloom. I had no droad of .boing either denounced or suspeootod ,for my outrageous past. But perhaps the manufacture of those fiereoo ,and ..swift poisons had some vague relation with the .conceivable tricks and 'treacheries of coming events, Without fear of dying, could not but prize the security of arming 'myself against calamitous happenings, even though they were wrapped in the drowsiest haze of dloubt. Tired of handling my chemicals, and wishing to banish their odours from my nostrils, I passed one midwinter aftornoon out upon the lawns of Dyandotto. It wasa balmy day, and yet one with a hint of dolloato cold neas. The sky overhead was Ilko a thil film of theo mdst tenuous azure fur, The bare trees-those athletic trees of 'umbrngeous Devonshire had leat all look of gauntnoss; their nude skeletons wore ideoalisod into a moro material semblanuoe of the vapoury air itself. Southward sloped a breadth of russot-tinted down, and beyond it sleepily flashed the quieosooent sea, Withered stalks of late aultumn flowers gave forth dry rustles as the languid marine winds touched them along the pathways I trod. Far inland a great leafless la pse of forest loomed against the pearly horizon, its branclhes molting together into a monouhrome of smoky purple, Visitors rarely came to 'Dyandotto, though I was popular enough among my neuolghbours. And now, whenu I saw a woman's shape advancing to. ward mo from the gatoway which led into 'the outer country beyond my limniteod domain, I fancied that she might be one of my few tenants, faring hither with some appeal to my purse. I Ihad a charitable roeputation among those hinds of people, though every poeny I had given them had boeen latontly begrudged. The prosncotive motlhig wlth some now petiiol??r bored mn just then past words. I was about turning my back on her and taleng a short out into thie houo, when I tuddonly recognised Miss Ilamiedell, Amrnazoment almost prevented me at first from golg forward to greet her, Th'len, o? I put forth an effort and played the allablo host, it was to per colvo that ahe appronacld me with faltering stops, ami? that she bore hoer snl! with much embarrassmoent, iDo forgive mn for daring to come,' asho bgan, an I took her hulil hand in its ralther dingy glovo,. ':Portive you P" I said, ' Why, how ash should I forgive myself if I did rnot bid you a very cordial welcome" to Dyandotte ?' 'Thanks-.thanks,' came her' flut tered reply. 'But.of course I'm like a ghost to you.' 'Like a very agreeable ghost,' I answered, with riady gallantry. 'An gus wrote me the other day,' I con tinued, 'that he was living at his for mer home, Oleeve Lodge, and that his sister still remained at Graydon Hall. Surely you are with her still ? Or have you at last decided to leave her ?' 'No, M.r. Mountstuart, I haven't left Edna-that is, I've been per mitted a few days of absence. My only brother, who has a small house in Edminton, .about twelve miles northward, was seized not long ago with a violent illness. He's rector of the village and a widower, with no children. I came here to nurse him; he's better now, and I must soon go back to Graydon; Edna is already writing me very scolding letters. But before I returned to her I had an idea of talking the train (the trains are always so conivenient, you know, be tween'Edminton and Dyandotte) and paying you a-a short visit.' Her voice trembled as she ceased to Speak, and her sweet, bland eyes pleadingly searched my face. I divined that the 'short visit! which she had just mentioned must have cost her modesty a severe struggle. Why, then, had she made it ? ' You took a very sensible resolve,' I replied, with my usual native suavity. Then curiosity prompted me to add: 'And you knew that I was here at home ?' 'Some friends of my brother told me you were living here very quietly.' 'Not so quietly, Miss Ramsdell, but that your presence breaks in the plea santest way on my solitude.' She started, biting her lips. ' You saythis now, Mr. Mountstuart, but when I've spoken further you .may foeel like. repenting your gracious words.' 'Don't be too certain,' I smiled. Somehow her coming was fraught for me with a peculiar subtle enjoyment. Had I surmised its radical signifi oanoe ? 'Pray come indoors,' I pur sued. .'We can talk better at my fireside, perhaps, where I have a smouldering log that just takes the chill from the air and no more.' 'This is a charming place,' she said, beginning timidly to follow me as I led the way. Of course, Mr. Mountatuart, I-I ought not to have come to it, alone,, like this; and I do hope you will pardon my bold. ness.' 'I'll smother it in hospitality, Miss Ramedell. I'll give you a glass of sherry and a bisomit.' But she Would accept no refresh mont. As she sat near my fire, sur rounded by the somewhat modish appointments of my favourite room, I thought that she looked an almost shabbily pathetic figure. I knew that Edna had not given her more than a beggarly salary, but till now I had never before noticed that she was ill clad. Much of the gentleness appeared to have gone from her thinned and paler-grown face. It made me think of a lovely spring sky over which veils of raminy haze are being mercilessly drawn, while the mellow flutings of its breeze turn sud denly harsh. A spirit of discontent, of brooding unrest, of sleepless an xiety, seemed gazing forth at me from below that care-clouded brow, on which the flaxen hiar now rippled with gray threads in its waves. She made no preamble, no useless beating about the bush. 'I came here to-day, Mr. Mountstuart,' she soon said, 'to ask you if you would lend me twenty pounds ?' 'You are going to leave Edna,' I said, not asking this, but stating it. She gave a slight start. 'I want to leave her. That is why I've asked you for this loan. I've caloulated the precise time in which I can repay it twelve months. That is, unless I fail in getting another position, and already I havo what is almost a p~ro mise from eortain people in the north -Durham in fact. My brother would aid me, but this illness---' ' Enougt, Mils Itamedell,' I broke ih amiaby. 'Tlhe sum you have named shall hbe yours.' 'Oh, you'ro too good, too kind I' she exclaimed, a flash of the most genuino gratitude sweeping across her face. 'I can't but recollect how little you really know of me, and how many a person with this meagre knowledge would refuse point-blank I' I smiled softly and shook my head. 'You forget that I know a good deal of you-in one way.' 'You mean ?' she murmured, shrinking backward in her chair. I purposely paused a short while bofore answering. Then I said, with tones at oneoo measured, low and em phatic: 'I'm aware that you were vilely treated by Edna, and that you greatly longed, at one time, for roe venge upon her. Pray tell me: do you not long for it still ' ('b I'o be ootntite). 