CERARLLE'S DREALM. Air-"Goblins in the Church-yard."' He went down to his office upon last Friday.ove; Ble wrote his pars, he read his proofs, and gave a sleepy sneeze. Then he dozed alnd closed his eyes, and fell int'. a slcp, Ad while he slumbered on he felt a ni htnae o'er him- creep. He tried to rouse himself in vain he heard a noise close by; He turned, Oh bor I all Brighton's Sg'ostr in white then met his eye. His hair stood up, his knees gave way-they filled him with slarm, For eah ghost hat ThI-Leader tucked underneath his arm. CHORUs- All of the ghosts commenced to read the Brighton Leader through, And sat stock still in a gh lstly row while yet their numbers grew. They.'all gave a loud "ha ! ha 1" they all g.ve a loud "ho. h;, I" He tried to wish them all good night, but none of them would go. One of the ghosts began to speak, and Charlis quaked wi h f ar, "I am a printer's ghost," he said, and C.L.i. felt queer. "Once I ran a paper on the Official Lay, I tried to bounce my readers, but found it didn't pay. I said that I must have their ads. their printing, too, as well, Or not a singl, par they'd get-they .. all could go to- . I'd bully them and bluster, I'd rant at them and rave, But now I come to think of it I can't rest in my grave." Chorus-All of the ghosts commenced to read the Brighton Leider through, etc. Young Percy Allen then appeared, and cried out "Mr. Rees, We've not a line of. copy, can you supply some, please. We've had ito printing in this week, and advertisenments ,re few; There's nothing. to put in the rag now people boycott you." Then Woodman came, Fred Blaokham, too, Bob Orford, all the staff. They'd not a stick of copy-Oh! how the ghsts did laugh. The printer's ghost just then exclaim ed "give them all the sack, You've kil ed the paper and yourself, and now can don the black." Chorus-All of the ghosts commenced to read the BrilLton Leader through, etc . "We take the Brighton Leader now, that gives us all the news. It does not let the .£. s. D. actuate its views. Mere mercenary grabbinghassickened us of you We want a local paper, loyal, just and true. Then Charlie woke and yelled aloud, with a terrific shout, "Percy, Woodman, all of you, take that notice out. Stop th.. machine, unlock the formes, and never it repeat. For it ruins mie and makes the man who lives across the street. Ohorus-All of the ghosts commenced to ,read the Brightoln Leader through, etc. The Moorabbin :council offered Cousrt bles Hoare and Mulcare £10 each to inspect and superintend the -beac. at Mentone and Mordialloo respectively. Mulcare said while other inspectors were getting £20 he .wouldn't act for £10, and the council said: .he needn't act- and the t chapter was thus ended with Mulcare I left. The council of Moorabbin Said to Constable Mulcare "We'll give to you a 'tenner' Toinspectthe beach downtbere." But the man of Mordialloo SAit "just multiply by twice," And the council of Moorabbin Said "don't wanr you at the price" 