MDER THE SHADOW OF CRIME ; OE THE MYSTERY OF CLEMENT DUN RAVEN. By JEAN MIDDLEMASS, Author of 'A Girl in a Thousand,' 'Sealed by a Kiss,' 'By Fair Meane,' &a; Published by epecjii arrangement with the author. All righ's reserved. Chapter XXIX.— A Close Shave. The Colesbill railway-station was in an un usual state ot fusB and flutter. An up-traiu and a down-train were in at the eamn time, owing to a slight accident having taken plane and causing a block en the lino further on, consequently the couple of porters, who were quite enough for ordinary requirements, found themselves perfectly inadequate to cope with the incoming and outgoing travellers and their luggage, especially an among the hitter were Sir Clement and Lady Gertrude Dunraven starting for the foreign tour which had been so strongly uigcu iwiu uy xj\\.* t% ttuiuu aau Lisb?th Glendinninp;. At first it bad been a diffieulb inatcer to move Lady Gertrude away from the little baby's grave, but after much persuasion and*telhng her it was for Sir Clement's sake she consented to go. Having done so, womanlike, she was in an immense hurry to be off, aad, as 6he said, get away from a place where, since the day she uad beeu brought home on account of Sir Louis' death, even before her honeymoon had com menced, there had been nothing bufi misery and sorrow. All the fuss and commotion at the station did not serve to raise Lady Gertrude's spirits. 'An accident,' ehe taid, 'always trouble wherever we go, it really is most strange,' and ehe began to cry, in iacu sne wouia nave broken down altogether had not Lisbeth'e cheery tones kept her up. Liabeth and Sir Miles Berkeley had come to the station to see them off, in fact Sir Mile? intendfd to do1 even more, for he said be would accompany them to London and start them next day by the Dover express. ' Will you not come, too ?' Lady Gertrude bad asked. ' It will be so good for CJem to have you.' But Sir Miles replied that he had some business to attend to, later on he would come, he could not get away just yet. The fact was that as last he had had a conver sation with Sir Clement about Elvira Delano's letter and they had decided that it would be better for Sir Clement to find out how the land lay aud send him word as to Elvira's mood before he put in an appearance. He might lose all hia chance by J olio wing her up too closely. At last all the luggage was in the van and the train moved slowly out of the station as Liebeth, the tears in her eyes, stood alone watching. She was glad tbey_ had gone away for awhile ; it was a relief in many ways, yet at the same lime she could not help regretting the departure and wondering- when, or if ever, the threads of their lives would be reunited. Then she went nlowly up the steps in order to cross the line, the town being at the back of the down station. On tlie platform she found quite a crowd of people, many of them acquaintances, for it was market-day in Coles hill, and all the neighborhood round was more or iees on the alert. iiiver fiiuco juisoetn naa turnea tne cottage into a ' Home' she wore more or less the garb of a. nurse, thinking it- made her look older and of more importance. A blue berjje dress and long cloak to match, and a cloaely ritting bonnet with a long blue gauze veil, which she invariably pulled down over her face, was now her unaltered costume. She had intended to wear black, bus Sir Clement bad set himself so resolutely against it tbat to please him she had moderated the rigor of her appearance. It mattered very little to her what she wore so long as people did not know how wretched she felt. It waa in order that they should not read this on her face, which she would fain keep concealed, that the blue trui I nroc olarava /Inwn nu npr*i a. 1 1 17 wrmn Tinainaaa took her into ColeshiU. As it was, the gossips said you would scarcely know Lisbeth .for the same parson. She had grown so matronly and looked ten years older during ths last few months. Of course it was all put down to her father having been tried for murder. She got through the little croWd at the station as quickly as she could, conversing with her acquaintances as civilly buBjas curtly as possible ; then she went through the ticket office out into the road. There was a burly red-faced man in a Koft wide-awake standing so close to the door that she had to push past him in order to get out. Having done so ehe looked baok. Where had she seen him before ? He was the clergyman who had married her to Clement Dunraven. What was he doing there? Why had he come all the way from Yorkshire to haunt that particular spot? Would he recognise her? Had eho not better hurry away as fast as Bhe cculd ? But an unaccountable fascination seemed to detain her and ber limbs felt as if they would not obey her wilL Attracted perhaps by her having looked at him or drawn to her by some oooult power Mr. Singleton, for it waa indeed he, went up to her. 'Vou are a nurse, I see, by your dress. Perhaps you will kindly give me a little infor mation for which I am seeking.' Lisbeth bowed her bead, but did not speak, not did sbe attempt to pass on.. 'Better that she should answer him than 9br another to do bo,' she thought. ' Does not Sir Clement Duuravenlivein this immediate neighborhood?' ' He does. At Aboyne Court.' it was wun tno greatt6t difficulty that she kepb her voice steady as she replied. ' How far is it from here V ' About three miles. Bat you will not see Sir Clement. He has started for the Con tinent by the train which left a few minutes ago.' And the knowledge that Sir Clement was gone made Lisbeth feel braver, especially as Mr. Singleton did not appear to recognise her. ' How very unfortunate. I missed him in town a few weeks ago and now I have just missed him again.' ' Do you want to flee him bo very particu larly V '' I do. I have an idea that I knew him once, and if so I should like to renew the ao quaintanoe. I suppose you know him as you live in these parts ?' ' i have lately been nursing his wife. Lady Gertrude. They have lately lost their only child, the heir. It. is on that account for a change for her that they have gone abroad.' ' Indeed I am very sorry. Is Laay Gertrude Sir Clement's first wife?' 'No one ever heard of bis having had another, and he always lived about hew with bis uncle. Sir Louis, until he married Lady Gertrude.' It was an ambiguous answer and a most judioious one. to himself. ' Why do you wish to know if Sir Clement over had another wife ?' asked Lisbetb. 'Because come two years ago, or rather more, I married a man called Clement Dun raven to one Lisbeth Glendinnizig.' ' Two years ago ! Then it can'6 be our Sir Clement. He has been married to Lady Ger trude nigh on two years. Where did you marry these people ?' ' ijp at my church on Templemore, in York ' My good friend, you will have to go a little farther afield to find the couple you are iu search of. 1 thick there is a branch of the Dunravens eettled in Ireland.' 'That's wbat Mr. Vaughan Baid when I asked him about the latter.' ' So you knew poor Mr. Vaughan?' 'Yee. Heeeemed interested in my state ment about the marriage and asked for the certificate.' Lisbeth did not speak. The revelations of the iftBt few minutes were so crushing that she was breathless. It was Mr. Singleton who continued. ' If I am on an entirely false scent it is enrions that the man taken np for murdering Mr. Vaughan should bear the name of Glen dinning.' ' I don't think there was anything said at the trial about this Glendinning being in any way mixed up with the Dunravens. £ believe his father waa bailiff to Sir Miles Berkley,' re marked Lisbeth, as quietly as sbe could. 'Then you think it was a mere ooinci lenne?' ' It'must be, I should Ray, or we should have heard something about it, Goodness knows, the subject has been discussed freely enough.' ' Well, I am eorry I missed Sir Clement. You really think there is no use in my going np to 4.boyne Court?' 'Of course you can go up if yon like to aee the place and have a talk with the housekeeper, though I don't think she knows as much as I do. She has not been there very long. 1 will show yon the way if you like.' Lisbeth had not the slightest intention of letting him out of her sight to have any con versation with anyone if she could help it, but she did not think it would tio to be too anxioui to prevent bis going. Her tactics were successful. ' If you are sure Sir Clement i3 nob at home what is the good of my going up there?' he said. 'My wife, who is an invalid, does not know I am out of London ; I want to get back as quickly as possible.' This was gojd news for Lisbeth, but she did not allow herself to appear exhilarated, ehe only said very quietly — *'I am sure Sir Clement is gone. I came down here to see them off in case Lady Ger trude should want me.' ' I wonder when there is a train back to town?' He took a leaf torn from an A.B.C. in reference to the Coleshill trains ont of his pocket-book and began to study it. Under other circumstances Lisbetn would have wished him ' Good morning,' but she decided it waa wiser to stick to him if sbe could, and see him off. He seemed rather talkative and if he got into conversation with any of the Coleshill people he might end out who she was, and her name would betray her. To her infinite satisfaction he said that there would be an ' up' train in five minutes by which he thought he had better return to town, though he felt very much as if be had come on a fool's errand and got very little information. ' Fll walk aorosR the bridge with you if you like,' suggested Lisbetb, 'aud I'll tell you anything you want to know about these people that I know myself.' ' Awfully good of you. But am I not taking up your valuable time ?' 'Not in the least. My patient is juet gone. I have no particular engagement this morninK.' So they started together back to the plat form from which Lisbeth had only just come, Mr. Sincleton aeking her many questions about Pierce Vaughau's death as they went along. Lisbeth, however, did Dot consider it neces sary to know anything that was not in the newspapers and professed herself personally unacquainted with Mr. Vaughan. All she knew was that it bad been a sad affair, and being followed so soon by the death of the little heir had been a terrible shock to the family at the Court. When the incoming train was signalled how thankful Lisbeth felt no tongue can say. Mr. Singleton held out hia hand to her. 'I am ho glad I met you; before we part you must tell me your name.' 'Nurses have no names,' she answered evasively. ' I am known as Nurse Jane- and your name? I am gojng'to write to Lady Ger trude about a commission she left me and I will tell her of this interview.' She knew it only too well, still it was dis creet to enquire. He gave her a card oat of his pookefc book, 'Rev. Abel Singleton,' and as he did so crushed the rising hope that had sprung into her heart when she thought thab perhaps sne had got) rid of him for ever. 'I am taking my sick wife abroad,' he re marked. 'Perhaps we may meet the Dun ravens ; have you any idea where they are goinc ?' ' Not the least. Their route is very unde oided.' The answer was a hurried' one and Lisbeth entirely forgot she had just said that she was going to write to Lady Gertrude. Ic was as good as any other, however, for the train glided off and Mr. Singleton had no time to make further enquiries. Ab ebe turned round feeling almost faint from the relief of having got rid of him a voice said, ' Hullo, Miss Glendinning, I thought I should have been in time to have seen the Dunravens olf. but I hear they went by an earlier train. Who was tbat ?'' The speaker was Dr. Wateon, curious as was his wont to know all about everything tbat was going on. ' A friend of Mr. Vaughan's,' replied Lis betb, still with aa effort keeping up the strain of answering with indifference questions that were to her of such vital importance. 'He wanted to see Sir Clement and condole with him and learn all particulars. He was sorry to have mideed him.' 'Jolly good thing he did. Sir Clement has had enough of tbat subject). Pity I did not bee him, 1 could have told him all he wanted to know.' Lisbeth could not help shuddering ab the thought of what might have been the issue if the parson and the doctor had met. ' You are catching cold standing about at these dismal leave-takings,' said the doctor, who saw her shiver. ' I shall have you on my hands next. Get into my trap and I will drive you home.' ? Lisbeth. accepted gratefully. She felt very weary and out of spirits. A drive through the fresh air might do her good. At all event* it was better than walking through the town, to be oross- Questioned at everv turn about the Dunravens and their affairs, as she inevitably would be. The difficulty was to keep up ap pearances with Dr. Watson aud seem to be her usual self. The little man was, however, such a good talker tbat it was an immense help to Liebeth and they drove away in the smart little gig very briBkly and enjoyable. That is, the doctor was thoroughly enjoying himself, and he took it for granted that) Lisbeth was doing the same. One not very pleasant outcome of the drive neither of them had considered which was that seeing Lisbeth Glendinniug seated by Dr. Watson in his gig had set the whole of Coles bill chattering and wondering whether the bellringers would have to practice wedding chimes. Not that such a wedding would have afforded Coleshill any particular satisfaction. The Glendinnings were by no means popular, more than half the population still believing, notwithstanding the verdict, tbat Jim Glen u miting iiau iuu a uauu iu tuo ueatu ui xierce Vaughan. And to see their pet doctor married to this man's daughter was by no means what Coles bill would have chosen had it been . consulted in the matter. If LiBbeth had been less absorbed in the con templation of her recent meeting with Kev. Abel Singleton she would not have run the gauntlet of general observation. As it was, she felt thankful for the doctor's protecting care and did not consider anything that lay beyond. She had been used to look up to him for help and advice ; it would have seemed un natural to have to forego bis assistance. Of course Dr. Watson could not help seeing that Lisbeth was by no means herself, but he ascribed it to her parting with the Dunraveos. He was quite aware of her devotion to Lady Gertrude, and that the departure of the in mates of Aboyne Court would create a great blank in her life. Ah ! if he could only nil it, he thought, as he sat there by Lisbeth's side. And then he, too, fell to ruminating over the suspicion that had been awakened in hie mind in connection with little Lisa. Thinking hard, he actually forgot to talk ; thus they became such a silent couple as they drove along that one would have imagined they had' been married for years. Nor did tb6y awake from their very different dreams until they reached tbo cottage. ' I'll just come in and see if all your people are all right,' eaid the doctor. In reality he wanted to have a good look at Lisa and see if he could trace any likeness that would be a guide to him for the future. f' What be saw in the child he did not pay, but citedly what ailed Lisa ; waa ehe ill ; did he eee any hidden disease ? She seemed hearty and strong enough. ' No, no, the child is well enough, there is nothing to be anxious about. I am only study ing heredity, it is a pet study of mine,' and he sighed. 'Studying heredity, what do you mean? What heredity did he find in Lisa, this waif?' and the bot blood rushed into Lisabeth's face as she asked the questions. He did not reply in a direot manner, but looked at her very hard and then at the child, and holding out his hand said he would call again injafew days. Dr. Watson was gone and there was no doubt but that he carried with him the knowledge that she was Lisbeth'e own child. She wondered what he would do with his knowledge. Would he guard it faithfully, or nMnlrl Its KAf.raW llA,*? KHa nnll f.flA l&t-At;* C1in_ position away as unworthy. She had too high an opinion of Dr. Watson to think him capable of betraying any woman. Sbe wept upstairs to ber room, took off her outdoor garments, and then, having locked thu door, gave way to one of those paroxysms of wild tears which — as a heavy storm clears the atmosphere of a summer's night — makes a woman's heart feel lighter for awhile. Lisbeth had that day gone through more than Bbe could well endure. The falsehoods, the humbug she had beep compelled to have recourse to in her interview with Mr. Single ton in order to shield Sir Clement, were most repulsive to her and added therefore to the misery she was already feeling from anxiety. Could she go on bearing this burden in silence ? Should sbe make a clean breast of everything to Dr. Watson ; would be not help her and Sir Clement too, or must she keep the secret until it drove her mad? Chapxeb yxf- — The Spectres of tttb FCTUKE. 'Don't yon think, Gertie darling, that a drive would do you Rood? For two days you have not been out of this hotel— we might as well hare stayed at home if you do not benefit by the change-' ' I am bo Sired, CIsm, I feel aa if I only want to lie here and beta* peace.' 'Are you sorry yon came abroad, dear?* ' No, I am very glad, for I think you already look the better for the change.' And bo be did. There was a good deal of elasticity in Clement Dunraven's nature, and hearing and seeing nothing to annoy him he had - to an extent thrown off his weight of worries. Of course he had his dark hours and very tarribte they were, but since the boy's deathhehad managed toconceal them from Lady Gertrude/aud as he did not look bo haggard aa he had done in England she reasonably con jectured thai the change was doing him good. And this was the one gleam of sunshine the poor little woman had, for her own heart was very sad, m$ so broken was she that those about hat.*hn«6i feared ehe had received her deatb-blolh«iBB*be baby died. »~ x»4&Mit; Ttowerer. would not believe this. He declined to eee any danger in his Gertie's condition. Other women had lost children before and had got over it, why should sbe not do the name ? There was no organic disease, of that Dr. Watson had assured him. Lady Marcia and Elvira Delane would arrive in a couple of days, and then Gertie would cheer up. How could he, miserable and remorseful wretch that be was, expect to be able to cheer her up, and as yet they had not met anyone in Wiesbaden whom they knew ? Thus he consoled hinieelf as he wandered about the lovely garden in which the kurhausand the principal villas are situated, and longed for the time when, her friends having arrived, Lady Gertrude would be induced to accom pany them in their wanderings. If he could only get her into the Kur-garten every day to hear the band he knew ehe would soon get all right. How fallacious is hope, yet but for hope how deep would be despair. Wiesbaden was not perhaps altogether the very best place to which Lady Gertrude could have come, a more bracing climate might have served her better. It waa Lady Marcia who had chosen it. She had, or imagined she had, various ailments for which a residence at Wiesbaden would be beneficial, since ib abounds in specialists of considerable renown, and the chief object being to get Lady Ger trude away from the reminiscences that sur rounded her ab Aboyne Court the climate of her temporary abode had not been brought under discussion. ' Do you not think if I ordered a carriage you would drive to the Greek Chapel, or the Platte, or some of the places of interest in the neighborhood?' persisted Sir Clemen 1. ' I am very well here at this window, I can see the trees.' They were ab an hotel -on the Wilhelm etrasse, looking on to the Park. 'Then I must go all alone,' said Sir Clement, with a Bigb. This appeal at once roused Lady Gertrude. 'I will go with you, Clem dear — forgive me for being eo peltish. Order a carriage for five o'clock, it will be cooler then.' He kissed her and went out to give the order, wondering as he went what there was in him, a mere criminal, that two women should be always ready to sacrifice their wishes and pleasures to his. Having arranged about the carriage to his satisfaction he thought he would go to the post-office and see if there were any letters. Owing to some uncertainty about their rooms in the hotel all letters were to be sent ' poste restante,' a plan, which especially suited Sir Clement, as he could thus receive letters from Lisbeth without their being observed either by his wife or the servants. There was one await ing him now with a small P marked in the corner, which meant that he was to open it when no one was by. The sign somewhat astonished Sir Clement, for though he himself had told her to put it Bhe had declined, saying ' that the letters she intended to write him in the future would be of such a nature thab anyone might read them.' Something unexpected then had occurred, Sir Clement feared, as he stood in the street tearing open the letter with trembling fingers. 'Perhaps the other child also was dead.' By one of those perverse whims for which he himself could have ziven no reason ever since the boy's death Clement Dunraven bad found himself constantly thinking about Lisa. Lisa, of whose existence he had not taken any account until within the last few weeks. If any sickness or trouble bad overtaken her he felt he would be sorry on his own account as well as for Lisbeth's, whose idol he knew she was. Bnt Lisa was well and hearty, the missive began by telling him bo, and he felt relieved. Very soon, however, was he to have bis rising spirits dashed to the ground as he went on with the letter and read the whole account of Lisbeth's interview with the Rev. Abel Singleton. Hydra-headed, he feared, was the relentless pursuer, who must inevitably sooner or later find out his sin. Lisbeth bad been most judiciotis and had laid the ghost for awhile, true, loyal woman that she was ; but there was no saying when it would begin to stalk again or ab what point of his travels he might meet it. He took a long walk before he returned to Lady Gertrude, although there were several letters at tbe post-office which he knew she would be glad to have, bub he felt he did nob dare meet her questioning glances until after this fresh blow he could manage to assume something of his wonted calm. One omission he blamed Lisbeth for in his mind. Why had she nob asked where on the Con tinent this persistent parson was going to take his sick wife ? It would have been so easy to avoid that particular spot and with the small means the Singletons had they were not likely to travel about much. Now he would be kept in constant dread, examining hotel visitors' books, looking into the face ot every stranger, afraid to speak to anyone who addressed him lest the man who epoke should be Singleton, whose personal appearance he had totally for gotten. Oh, it would be too dreadful, a new phase and a most terrifying one in the painful life- drama he had so rashly and thoughtlessly prepared for himself. When he reached the hotel, before) he went into the room where Lady Gertrude was, he began tbe enquiries, whioh would now be his daily task, by oxamining the book thab lay on the table in the halL No such name as Singleton. He passed on to his wife's sofa with the letters he had brought for her. While she read them he stood looking ab himself in the glass that hung over the mantel shelf. 'FlnprnRKftd in her oorresrjondenoe shn did not heed what he was doing until he said — 'Do you know, Gertie, I have a mind to let my beard grow. It will be wonderfully less trouble than shaving, and rather becoming, too, I suspect.' She laughed as she said — ' You conceited boy, yes, let ib grow. I should like to Bee you with a beard. No one will recognise you when you get back to England.' She little guessed that this was what he was aiming at, and that, »b for conceit, eyery par ticle of it bad died out of him months ago. The subject of the beard was not pursued. Sir Clemenb had gob his wife's consent to its being grown and that was all be wanted. Still she was too much taken up with her letters to think of anything but them for the moment. 'Thpv will he here to-dav. Clem.' fihn cried. ' By ' they' I suppose you mean Elvira and Lady Maroia?' ' Exactly. I am so glad.' And tbe excitement ehe showed about the matter quite verified his hope that with the arrival of her two intimate friends new life would he infused into Lady Gertrude's prostrate frame. This to an extent made him forget his trouble about tbe spectre Singleton that he knew might start up at any moment like Banquo's ghost and trouble the seemingly even current of his days. Thus the little excursion to the Greek Chapel was much more lively than might have been expected and by the time they returned to the hotel the drive through the sweet balmy air and the fragrance from the woods had cer tainly done Lady Gertrude good. The travellers had just arrived when they returned and the greetings were most affec tionate, though naturally tempered with sad nees, as Lady Gertrude's trouble bad fallen upon her since her friends had left home. Elvira Delane had quite recovtred her spirits and Lady Marcia, notwithstanding her supposed ailments, had never lost -here, so the dinner which Sir Clemenb had ordered with much care was done ample justice to, and though Lady Gertrude Baid she was very weary and would be glad to go to bed she was not allowed to brood. The obeering regimen which Sir Clement had for some time past been prescribing for her in his mind had begun with a vengeanoe. Would it prove of lasting efficacy or follow- - ing the fate of many another regimen that has gone before it would the test be too severe for her slender stock of strength? It seemed almost like it, for by the time they allowed her to go off to bed ber vitality was so completely spent that ehe nearly fainted when she tried to walk across the room, apartments. Lady Marcia shook her head anxiously as ehe saw them depart. ' Alas, alas 1' she said, 'where is oar bonnie blithe Gertrude of lang syne. Oh, for the days that are gone !' ' They will return, at all events let as hope so,' said Elvira. ' Clement seems devoted, why should they nob be happy? When I thought he loved another woman I doubted that they could ever be so, bub I think we maligned him— I believe Gertie is his only love.' Lady Marcia shrugged her shoulders. ' I don't know what it all means,' she eaid. 'It is beyond you and me to fathom, but there is something very queer about Clement, and in cuuequeiioH bdoud vrersie. w newer sne knows what ib is or- nob rwannob make out, bub whatever the trouble, it is killing her.' V Oh, Lady Mania, do you not think that it is sorrow over the baby's death tbat is making her ill, and with time she will get over it as others have done before her f' 'She was quite as queer before the baby died ; and as for him, can anything be stranger than his ways?, He gives yon the idea of a man who is always expecting a bailiff or some police offioial to tap him on the shoulder. Between you and me, Elvira, and with dosed doors, I should have half snspeoted he had had same thing to do with poor Pierce Vaughan's death if he had not been almost as queer before it happened.' , ? 'Oh, don't,' cried Elvira, 'pray don's (to on; I shall nob sleep a wink if yon put BUeh ideas in my head and I am dreadfully tired.' Tften, womanlike, she asked, ' What do waa think he had done?' 'GxwioaMjcisowal Got into some feoubte before to WMBftrtied, I daresay, and which he is always suspecting will come out and nuke a scandaL But here he comes.' and with « sudden change of voice and manner I*ay Maroia continued— 'I am sure you wm lite Wiesbaden, dear, it is such a presty place and tbe right sort of people are always to be found here. Seen anyone you know, Clement?' . 'No, we have been about so little; it has been bo difficult to rouse Gertie, but I hope she will be better now you have come.' 'I hope bo, indeed. We will do our best to amuse her. We have had a very pleasant tame —have met a lot oi desirable people.' ' And some very undesirable ones,' put in Elvira. ' Oh. that goes without saying. Well, even the undesirable ones have their advantages; they often amuse you and circulate your blood by making you laugh. Tbab oddity who pro posed to you on the platform of the railway station, for example.' 'The wretch!' ' Hullo, Elvira, have you had a proposal T' asked Sir Clemenb, forcing himself to take an interest in their conversation, though his thoughts were elsewhere. ' You did not aooept him, I hope. What will Berkeley say f Elvira did nob answer, bub she colored np and looked keenly at Sir Clement, as though seeking to find out how much be knew about her relations with Sir Miles Berkeley. ' And then there were those queer people who arrived at Basle the night before we left. A burly north-country parson and an invalid wife. Neither oould speak a word of any language but their own, and yet they were most fussy and loquacious. If 'Elvira and I had not come to the rescue, madame would have gone supper less to bed, for no one in the hotel could have understood that 'thede bceuf ' oould possibly mean 'consomme.'' Sir Clement laughed, still he looked and felt very uncomfortable. ' I thoughb they spoke English now in all the big hotels,' he said. ' So they do, but the big hotels were full, and we were all in an annexe with raw servants unaccustomed to English people. And the discomfort that particular couple would have experienced without our assistance would, I think, have made them return home without delay. Oh, it was funny. I hope I shall see U1U1 UKnin. xie gaiD wo uxn vm u. a. nuHun what I did wibhit?' She felt in her pocket and produced a small j case, from which she drew the object for whioh she was looking — Rev. Abel Singleton. ' There ib is ; look ab it, Clement. Such a name — Abel. He lives np to it too, for be looks like an antediluvian animal.' Sir Clement book the cord, whioh trembled in his fingers. So they were at Basle. He was glad to know their whereabouts ; still it was a shock to learn that Lady Maroia and Elvira had been in direct communication with these dreaded people. 'We tried to persuade them to come here,' went on Lady Marcia, 'by telling them we were sure it was just the place for an invalid, but they were bo bent on Switzerland that we could not move them.' How thankful Sir Clemenb was that they were immovable who shall say ; etill it was no pleasing matter for contemplation that these intimate friends of hiB wife's might any day receive a communication from the only man who could shed thab light on his past life which must inevitably rain him in the eyes of everyone for whose opinion he oared. Above all with Lady Gertrude. Thus thinking of her he threw Mr. Single ton's card back to Lady Marcia and asked— ' How do you think my Gertie is looking— better or worse than you expected?' Lady Maroia, with her usual bluntness, answered straightforwardly — ' ' Worse. If you don't take care, Clement, she will slip through your fingers. I can't think what on earth it is that has worried her into this condition — bnt I suppose you know?' ' le she worried ?' ' Come, come, man, don't pretend — of course she is worried. Do you and she have dis agreements in private ? You will say that is not my business, but if anyone gives me the idea of an unhappy wife it is poor, dear Gertie.' ' On my honor, Lady Maroia, we have never had a word of disagreement in our lives. We are always most affectionate. If Gertrude is worried the cause is unknown to me, except, of course, the poor baby'e.death, and that is* sorrow, not a worry.' ' She was worried before the baby died. I was saying to Elvie only just now. Naturally I thought you knew all about ib.' ' I assure you I know nothing. Ever sinoe . I married her I have made1 strenuous endeavors to do the beet I can for her and to keep her as much as possible from everything tbat might annoy or vex her. Nor do I think she is worried, but I fear she is very delicate.' m And bo Baying he laid his head on the table on hiB folded hands and his whole frame shook convulsively. Elvira got up and went to him. 'Good old Clement ' she said, 'don't take on, we must cheer up Gertie and she will be all right. She can't go on fretting if there is nothing to fret about.' He did nob look up, bub he took one of his hands from under his head and held it out to Elvira. ' If ever anything should happen to me you will be good to my Gertie, you and Miles Berkeley, eh; Elvira?' She did not answer for a moment. The coupling of her name with that of Sir Miles Berkeley startled her, but she pressed Sit Clement's extended band. Then sbe tried to toss the subject from her. ' Why do you talk like that to frighten one. Nothing is the matter with you. It is Gertrude who is in danger, not you.' 'We never know where danger lies,' he answered. ' Only promise me yon will look after Gertrude.' 'Of course I will, bnt for soodnma nalrn don't let us have any more dismal conversation to-night. We talk about horrors until we imagine they really exist.' ' Yea, -r said Lady Maroia, rising. 'Let us go to bed and get up in the morning prepared to enjoy this delightful place.' ' And so they left him, both thinking they had discovered where the mischief lay. Sir Clement had some mortal* malady and Lady Gertrude knew or guessed it, Ay, so he had, but not of the sort they ens peoted. If Singleton followed bun np and chattered out the whole ghasbly past there would be nothing for it but suicide, . Was that to be the end, he wondered. And ' how selfish an end? Was he to die for his own selfish pleasure as he had lived, leaving Lady Gertrude all alone to bear the brunt of ? tbe revelations that would be made ? Danger for Gertrude, wbat did Almira mean by danger for Gertrude? Did ahe think she was going to die? His Gertrude to be taken from him, as the child had been, as everything he loved in life would be taken in punishment for bis sin. With Gertrudes death the avenging angel must stay his hand, as, come weal or woe, it would be 'all the same to him then — Singleton might say bis say, the law might do its worst. When morning dawned Clement Dunravea was still sitting there thinking out the problem of the future, nor was he aroused from the miserable contemplation of what might one day happen until Lady Gertrude benelf, in a,loDg white trailing gown, stood on the threshold of the door, so startling him by her spectre-like appearance that the strong man cried aloud in feat. fToi* continued.; We have received from Means. Harrold Brothers, agents for the Union Steamship Company of New Zealand, a copy of ' the second edition of the beautifully illustrated book, 'Rural New Zealand, the Britain of the s South.' From Mr. Theo. Gum, the author of 'The Life of God and his Children.' we have re ceived a book entitled 'The Smenoe of the SouL' It is divided into 10 chapters, whioh deal respectively with the uncaused oanae of the universe; vitality and its two laws; tba great) designer; the human soul; Jthe. atone* ment; ChraVB spiritual resurrection; thetwa spiritual effects of the soul, 'heaven and heQ f '-^k heaven- and helL not places but states^ the j^^| origin of evil, and why it is permitted by God: _^^H and the Godhead. The volume oonMos j&S;^^^H pages of closely-reasoned matter. . ^^H Oh, who shall a«y ? ?? -:--' ???^???^: InfairCatisay ? ?»? . '????- ^o;-^ To worship woman and ?a«Bii*liirt*W^ v#? For each cf these ??-, , ??- ^ifr-i ^%^Sj I« Japanese. -? '???''''*&''-' 'Z&^'fjjm 