THE PASSING SHOW. BY ORIEL. "Public opinion must be educated so that the offer of a bet upon the racecourse may come to be regarded as a shame and an insult."—The Rev Alexander Marshall at Scots Church.) A DRAMA OF TO-MORROW Scene—The Course at Flemington. Enter Mr. Goloshes Galahad with flushed face. HIS FRIENDS.—Well met, man; the next race— — GALAHAD (agitated).—Hush; don't talk about trifles just now. (Looking round hastily)—Is there anyone here I can rely upon? You, Jenkins will do; or you, Jones. You shall take a message for me to that fellow Flutter. By Gad, he shall be brought to an account for this insult. FRIENDS (in chorus).—An insult, how? GALAHAD.—He bawled after me— FRIENDS.—Yes, yes. GALAHAD (with clenched teeth).—The odds against Sheet Lightning and offered 4 to 1 the field. I could have felled him to the ground, but passion robbed me of my strength. FRIENDS (disconcerted).—Perhaps it was but a jest. GALAHAD.—No, 't'was dead earnest. He meant it and made as though to book the wager. A bet—a deliberate bet, tendered in cold blood by one whom I had deemed my friend. If he will not fight, urging, coward- like, the obsoleteness of the duello, by heavens a horsewhip shall cut the record of the trans- action upon his shoulders when next we meet. (Enter maiden, clad in Cup dress, sobbing spasmodically, and flings herself into the arms of Goloshes Galahad.) GALAHAD.—Merciful powers! My sister! Maud, compose yourself; what has hap- pened? Tell me, girl, who has harmed you? MAIDEN.—Do not make me speak of it. (Covers her face with her hands and shudders violently.) Oh, the shame!—the humilia- tion! How could he? GALAHAD (grimacing terribly).—His name, I say. MAIDEN.—It was Franky Flutter. We were watching the Ladies Bracelet, and he said, "I will back Dina or Broomstick. You shall take your choice." I tried to stare him down (sob), but he went on. "Will you have it in g-gur-gloves," he said, "or in b-b-boo-boo-bonbons?" (Breaks down.) CROWD OF REGENERATED TURFITS.— Shame! GALAHAD (turning very white).—The dastard! Oh that such carrion should pollute the earth. (Struggling.) No, let me go, I say; unhand me, gentlemen. (Rushes frantically in the direction of the grand stand, regenerated turfites follow him pell mell, brandishing sticks and umbrellas. Frank Flutter, observing his danger, flees towards a hansom, but is intercepted by the police, and with difficulty saved from being torn to pieces.) SCENE II.—A CONSERVATORY. MAIDEN (rejecting aristocratic suitor).— Nay, Lord Piccadilly. You are generous, but I will not drag another downwards into the degradation which has overwhelmed myself. I have been proffered a bet. One has sought to make me his base co-partner in a guilty gamble. Although, thanks to Providence and the presence of the plain-clothes police, I escaped that ruthless snare, the indelible disgrace remains. I shall never marry. You will think of me, though, sometimes when the weighing-out bell peals o'er the springy turf and tender tan-track, when you sip your lemonade in the temperance bar with dear Goloshes, and exchange harmless surmises as to the issue of the next event. Farewell. (Retires to enter a sisterhood.) The steady advance of "Coxey's army" upon the Congress at Washington furnishes another instance of the peril of Parliament. Obviously if there were no Congress in session there could be no army advancing upon it. Herein the Victorian Premier is understood to see a powerful argument in favour of his own delay in summoning the Legislature. "Have we," asks Mr. Patterson gravely, "no Coxey's here? Of course we have. What would Coxey Maloney like better than the task of organising a phalanx of the West Melbourne unemployed; can we not imagine Coxey Trenwith beating up a corps of recruits at Richmond, Coxey Beazley doing the same at Collingwood, Coxey Peacock, Coxey Scott and all the other Coxeys bestirring themselves similarly in the country districts. There certainly is a dangerous attractiveness in the proposal that the unemployed desiring to travel, in- stead of taking a seat in a second-class compartment on a hardly-won free pass, shall simply take the entire train and bring it along with them; that they shall roost not in a model lodging-house or in the time- honoured wharf boiler, but in the cushioned galleries of the Upper House, putting their boots outside in the Queen's hall to be cleaned by the Parliamentary staff ere morn- ing. Mr Patterson is right, Parliament just now is a great deal better where it is—in recess. I see by The Argus of Wednesday that the Cemetery Site Committee has again been "taking evidence as to the soils most suit- able for burial purposes. That of a sandy character was preferred. Several witnesses approved of the Frankston cemetery site, while others favoured cremation from a sani- tary point of view. But one may ask why should the claims of Bullarto be so persis- tently neglected? This, I may mention for the information of the board, is a little town ship of 350 inhabitants, where the typhoid cases in three short months reached the number of 46. But of course with a metropolitan member as chairman the just claims of the country are contemptuously passed by. Let me advertise Bullarto, Victoria's natural necropolis:— To the pulmonary portion of humanity deceased, Let us recommend the township of Bullarto. We are sure consumptive patients will immediately be pleased With the fine and bracing climate of Bullarto. Are you phthisically tortured—are you physically faint? Do you groan 'neath new contagion, or hereditary taint? The infallible specific for tubercular complaint Is—to go and take the typhoid at Bullarto. They display a fine unconsciousness to nose destroy- ing smells Do the cheerful population of Bullarto. And prefer their drinking water from contaminated wells, They support the local flavour in Bullarto. And regard the name of sewage with a supercilious sneer, And a filter makes them shudder, and carbolic makes them queer— And the local undertaker makes three thousand pounds a year, It' s a thriving little township is Bullarto. To the enterprising tourist on the search for some- thing new, We should recommend a fortnight at Bullarto. He need only pack his coffin, and a flannel shirt or two, And then book a single ticket for Bullarto, And if presently he weakens with the symptoms of disease, And is fearful for his pocket, he may set his mind at ease, For excessive competition has reduced the doctors' fees— It's the medical Coolgardie is Bullarto. We can treat their hospitality in laudatory terms, They are free with invitations in Bullarto; To dinner and diphtheria or tea and typhoid germs— They are kindly to the stranger in Bullarto— And beguile the time with talking of the people who have died, And been comfortably buried in their coffins side by side, And the cemetery's mentioned with a pardonable pride— It's the leading Institution in Bullarto. All admirers of clear, plain, simple English owe a never-ending debt of gratitude to "Kewite," who wrote to The Argus the other day suggesting that Mr. R. L. J. Ellery should give some popular directions respect- ing the whereabouts of next month's comet. Mr. Ellery, with a courtesy which does him credit, has at once replied, and the directions are as follows:— "It will bear very nearly north-west, and be about 50deg. above the horizon. At this time it will have nearly the same bearing as Procyon—the bright star in Canis Minor— but about 20deg. higher in the sky. On May 4 it will have gone farther north, and will be in a line with Procyon and Regulus, and about one-third the distance from the former." The thing is so simple as to be laugh- able. All that is necessary for "Kewite" is to take his azimuth compass, and having accurately fixed the exact time—which may be easily ascertained hy a simple calculation of the comparative radii of Jupiter and Copernicus with the earth—to allow for the necessary deviation of Mercury, a problem requiring to be worked out to not more than 19 places of decimals. This done, the con- cluding steps are easy. Nothing remains but to compare the correlative and coincident forces of the concentric planets with their minor satellites, and after oblongating their orbits, to return thanks to the Government astronomer and—find the comet. Another but more complex plan is to take several drinks of whisky, and try to miss the nearest lamp-post. This method, though necessarily difficult, has the merit of pre- senting to the eye several comets at the same time. It also enables the person attempting the experiment to sign himself "Kewite," if not for the rest of his natural life, at least until the Governor's pleasure is known. When Miss Melian Stawell sat down the other evening after a fast forty minutes, in which she flew over every obstacle like a swallow on the wing, a buzz of well- deserved applause marked the apprecia- tion with which her splendid effort had been received, and even Professor Elkington could scarce forbear a cheer. And then a strange thing happened. As the ghosts of Rousseau, Cobden, mid Mill, who had been invoked several times during the evening, glided sadly back to their club to discuss the strange portent of a lady lecturer and the probable effect of such a phenomenon upon civilisation, another ghost, strangely familiar in its bullet outline, rose slowly at the back of the hall. A distinct tremor ran through the large and fashionable audience, and none but the chairman had the courage to address the spectre and inquire what it wanted. No name was pronounced by mortal lips, and yet each one present felt instinctively that it was—Somebody. Then the spirit spoke in a strange far voice that had still a haunting ring about it which suggested other associa- tions. Its words were soft and low, its manner was curiously quiet, and the matter of the speech was certainly sensible. The audience listened amazed, with bated breath. "Can it be?" "Yes, it can; it must be; it is." And slowly the truth was borne in upon them that the spectre purged of all grossness of speech and action, subdued to a restful decorum in debate by the magic charm of a lady lecturer, was—Mr. John Hancock. The "cry of the children" of Footscray when they found out that Mr. Fitzgibbon was not a circus after all has inspired Mr. McCarthy, M.B., the health officer of that suburb, with a passion of indigna- tion, which, however, he is careful to disguise in his official report upon the subject. Like all great masters of diplomacy, Mr. McCarthy takes care never to let his real feelings peep through his cor- respondence, and trusts entirely to a studied moderation that must heap coals of fire upon the head of the recipient of the communication. Mr. McCarthy is the sort of man who would scorn to knock an adversary down with a club as long as he could effect his purpose with a delicately-worded sarcasm, or an epigram in which the satire could hardly be distinguished from the compliment. For instance, he does not call Mr. Fitzgibbon a jester, as a more vulgar person might have been tempted to do. No; he gives him the highest praise in his power by predicating of him that he is a "prize jester," a prince of Punchinellos, that is to say, whose society kings have been known to covet, and to whom Jos. Pickersgill himself in his best form would be a mere circumstance. 