Mes and Sketches. [iLL BIGHTS RESERVED.] 'THE DAY WILL COME.' Bv M. E. BRADDON. Author of ' L*dy Audley's Secret,' ' Vi«n, 'Ishmtel,' 'Like ud Unlike,' 'The Fmtml Three,' &c; Chaftlr XX1L (CoalUmaL) ' Nothing has occurred since I was here to throw *ny new light upon the murder, I suppose, ' Theodore eaid quietly, as they ?moked their cigars, walking slowly up and down in the summer night. ' Xothing. ' '? Did her ladyship tell you that I have met a girt in London, whom I believe to be no other than Mercy Porter V ' Yes, she told me something about, that fancy of yoora, for I take it to be nothing more than - fancy. The world is to wide for yon and Mercy Porter to meet so easily. What was your trround for identifying her with the lodge-keeper's girl T' ' The lodge-keeper's girL** There was something needlessly contemptuous in the phrase, it seemed to Theodore : A studied ' It was ahe herself who suggested the idea, by her inquiries about Cheriton, She confessed to having come from this part of the world, and she has an air of refinement which shows that she does not belong to the peasant class. She is a v«ry good pianist* — plays with remarkable taste and feeling ; anil Lady rheriton tells me that Mercy had a great talent for music. I have do doubt in my own mind that this young woman is Mercy Porter, and I thick her mother ought to go to London and see her, even if she ahould not think fit to bring her back to the hoot* she left.' ' .Mrs. Porter is a woman of peculiar temper. The girl may be happier away from iherV' ' Yea. that is very likely — but the mother naight to forgive her. The penitent sinner, vrfiote life for the last few years has been UkjnelBsa, ought to feel that she is pardoned attl at peace with her mother. I tried to approach the object, bat Mrs. Porter re pelled me with an almost vindictive air ; and I*io not think it wonld be any good for me to r&ead; for my poor friend again. If you or Lady Cheriton would talk to her ? ' *4 1 will get my wife to manage her. It is a ma tier in which a woman would have more influence than you or L In the meantime if there b anything I can do to make Mercy Pornr's Efe earner, I shall be very glad to do it, foe' her father's sake.' ' W hat is she doing for a living *'* 'She does fine needlework. She lives in ?one small back room in Lambeth, and has only one friend in the world, and that friend happens I o be a lady who once lived in this boose. ' ' A lady wbo lived in this house :' ex claimed Loi-d Cheritoo, ' who in Heaven's oauM: do yon m* tan ?' ' Mias Xevto. V »*'» *»? governess to Miss Strangway nearly T forty years ago. ' ' What broogl it Miss Xewton and yon together!' 'That is rather * long story. I took some trouble to find the lady in order to settle ooe onsetion which ha d disturbed my cousin Jojudta since her ho sband's death. ' 14 What question 1 ' ' She was haunted ? **y an idea that Godfrey's murderer was one of I *e Stnngvays, and his murder an act of veug t&aoe; by some member of that haniihrri race. It was in order to set this question at rest foi ' ever that I took some trouble to bunt oat t be history of Squire Srrangway's two sons a »d only daughter. I traced them all three So t^eir graves, and have been able to couvin ce Juanita that they and their troubles ivere a U at rest long before the time of her hoslwnd's murder.'' 41 What could have put such a notion into her head V ' Ob, it came as turally' enough. It was only a development of Chut ton's idea, of a veodetta.' 'She was »iway« full of fancies. Yes, I remember she used to say the hoose was haunted by the ghost * of the Stranpways. I really think she had a dim idea that I had injured th»t spendthi ift race in buying the estate which they hi d wasted. And go to satisfy ?luanita you to* -k the trouble to ferret out Miss Xewton ? I 'poo my word, Theo dore, your conduct is mure Quixotic than I could have believed of auy young man in the nineteenth century. And pray by what means did you discovei the ci-devant gover ness?' Theodore told th-; s& -ry of hi» visit u- the scholastic agencies, hid journey to the Lake district, and his frfenJi y reception by Miss Xewtoo in her Laml-eth lodgings. ** She was much uttac hed to Miss Sirinc way, who was her fin t charge, anil near paaion than a pupil, ' I -* sai'i, '* and she spoke of her meU aehol y fate with £i«it read era ess. ' ' It was a melai icholj fate, was it 'i I what way was hei ' fate sadder than the a girl who hud been reare* 1 in extravagance and beLf-iiidulgenc*1, anJ nho tiods: herself taw to face with pen ury in the bloom of her womanhood V 'That in itself u ould te Kid, but Miss Strancway's destiny was ft-* Mer than that — comiuoupLux tiiough-, uo d-j-ibt — oaly the old wife.' Re could not help 1. x-kin£ at Lord Cheritoo at this point, think ing ho\r this common story of an unfaithful wife mint needs remind his kinsman of that other story of another wife which had infloei teed his early manhood. ?-. ??-? : ?- ??? i *i -rr -|- i| HT'III .ill' iii i ? ? ? He must surely have a densitive shrinking from the discussion of any similar story. ' She ran away from her husband ! Yes, I remember having heard as much. What did Misa Newton know about her— beyond that ** Very little — only that she died at Bou logne nearly twenty- years ago. This fact Miss Newton heard from the lips of the man for whom Mrs. Darcy left her husband. I had been at Boulogne a week or so before I saw Miss Newton, and I had nun ted there for any record of Mrs. Dairy's death, withont result. Bat this is not very strange, as it is quite likely that she lived at Boulogne under an assumed name, aud was buried in that name, and so lies there, in a foreign land, dissevered for ever from any association with her name and kindred.' 41 There are not many of her kindred left, I take it/' said Lord Cheriton. ' There swtna to have been a blight upon that race tor the last balf-cenlury. But, now, tell me about someone in whom I am more interested — the girl you believe to be Mercy Porter. I should be very glad to make her life happier, and so I told her Ladyship. You, Theodore, might be the intermediary. I would allow her a hundred a year, which would enable her to live in some pretty country place — m Devon shire or Cornwall, for instance, in some quiet sea-coast village, where no one would know anything about her or her storv.' 14 A hundred a year ! My dear Cheriton, ' No, no, there is no question of generosity. Her father was my friend, and I was tinder some obligation to him. And then the girl is my wife's prot^cee ; and, finally, I can very well afford it. I am almost a childless man. Theodore. My grandson will be rich enough when I am gone, rich enough to be sure of a peerage, I hope, so that there may be a. Baron Chert too when I am in the dust.** ' You are very good. I believe this girl hab a great deal of pride— the pride of a woman who has druuk the cup of shame, and she may set herself against being a pensioner ; but if the matter can Ite arranged as you wish she may yet see happier days. I think the first tiling to be done is to reconcile mother and daughter. Mrs. Porter ought to go up to London ? ' **Tosee Miss Newton's protegee? On no account. I tell yon Mra. Porter is a woman of strange temper — God knows how bitterly she miffbt upbraid her daughter. And if the girl is proud, as you say she is, the mother's reproaches would goad her to refuse any help xrom me or my wiie. .no, ineoaore, toe longer we keep mother and daughter apart, the better for Mercy's chances of happiness.' '* But if this young woman should refuse to confess her identity with Mercy Porter it will be impossible to benefit her.' ' That difficulty may be easily overcome. Yon can take ray wife to see her. She was always fond of my wife. ** 44 And you will leave the mother out of the question. That seems rather hard upon her.' ' I tell you, Theodore, it is better to leave the mother out of the question. She never acted a mother's part to Mercy — there was never any real motherly love — at least that was Lady Cheriton's opinion of the woman, and she had ample opportunity for judging, which, of course, I had not. If you want to help the daughter, keep the mother aloof from her.' *' I daresay you are right, and I shall of coarse obey you implicitly,' said Theodore, soil inwardly reluctant. He had an exalted idea of maternal love, its obligations aud privileges, and it seemed to him a hard thing to come between a penitent daughter and a mother whose heart ooefat to be foil of pity and pardon. Yet he remembered his brief interview with Mrs. Porter, and he could bat own to himself t^at this might be an exceptional case. 