COLOR EFFECTS. Some cnricur effects arc simply produced in this way : — In the top of a box . have a circular window, glazed with three sections of red, gretn, aad violet glass, so propor tioned that the resultant light produced from the three is whit. Place a flat opaqee ring a Bhort diitance above the white bottom of the bsx, and the eye may be dazzled wiih the gorgeous display of priimatic colors on the bottom. This will bs coveiel with most varied and brilliant hues, caused by the penumbra of the opaque holy being lighted with different colors on the different sides When the red and' green tides overlap, a brilliant yellow is produced ; where the green and the violet overlap are the blues ; and the red and the violet gives the purplet; while in the centre, when all the three circles overlap, white Is prodnced. Thes.- experiments, which test tha theory of the three primary color lighti in a practical and simple way, explain why there Is so litih appearance of colored light in come cathe irals, though the windowa are heavilj Rained ; though the sun blazei "through brilliantly colored glaiB, yet there i; only visible the characteristic "dim religion light." Any two colored lights which when mixed producs white light are termed "complementary." All arc familiar wit! he changing color of printed names wit! the eyeB open and shut, or when fixci steadily on the name and transferred Bnd- denly to a white surface. One has too oftei to amuae himself in this manner at a rail way station waiting for a train. He looks o.. the yellow letters with an indigo-blut enamel surrounding which till of somr remarkable soap or cccra ; he lifts his oyer to a grey sky, and then he Bees blue Icttets on a yell >w enamel. If the blind on a bi d- room window be white, and the light nm very bright, aid if the observer lookt s'eadily at a black object on the table, on closing his eyes again he will see the exact form of tha object quite white — not a bad way of accounting for ghosts. v "My husband has all i he virtues but one," remarked the wife of a struggling young doctor. "What is thatf" asked her sympathetic friend, " Fatienta" re plied the young wife, 