HOG AND HORSE. A TRAINED PIGGY RACER AND RAZOR-BACK, RACER BEATEN. Wo aro unable to ascertain to whom dis credit for this truthful racing tale shuuld bo given Oucedurlog time, tho propriotor of abolol in u little town in Illinois was a boreo fancier. IIo was auoh au eathueiast that it was common talk that his boarders would be mora likely to live if be would devote more attention to the bill of fare and leu to horse. Bat be coutlnuudl to talk horio and the undertaker stil thrived. One day he suddenly dirappeared When ho roturnod ho brought with him a horse. Ho called It a runner and said it was bred In Kentucky, altnough no ono beliercd he went beyond tho Egyptian districts of Illinois to get it. Sped the month, and to all the boarders camo a feeling such as we road of in patent mudicino advertisements The landlord talked of nothing but tho speed of tho boreo. At last, in a atato of mental aberration, a suburban resident named Turner otTered to bet that tho bono could no beat ens of hie hogs for a quarter of a mtle. Aftor the pealn sular on the landlord's face had grown red enough to do credit to a Kcntuoky colonel, ho replied that ho would bot all kinds of money that no hog could outrun his horse. While his mind was still on a summer vacation, Turner staked 10 dollars, which wai immediately covorci by tbo landlord. Then Turner's senses camo home. Now, 10 dollar bills aro not as plentiful with him as they were with Cortez alter ho discovered Mexico, and ho at onco fled - to a point cf seclusion where ho could think out & sohoao for raving the de posit. Ho thought and thought. IIo thought abont the hard times ; about how great Ananias could havo been U ho had livod in an ago when famo was acquired becauso of having owned fast horaoi ; but firstly und lastly ho thought about that lOdol. Turner had somo Roland China hogs which he clalffiod had been imported direct from Poland or Iceland, ho wasn't positive which, but thoy were of tho bar-tender variety and just as capable of going fast quarters as an alderman is of pausing laws that would benofita town. At last before his mlndappearcdaghost. It must have beon a ghost, for an animated frame of bones can't be anything else ; this ghost was nothing more nor less, and it could not have boon any less without parting with the tail, than a iouthorn wind- splitting razor-baol: hog. It was of tho tamo kind that a Mississippi scientist thought would tnako admirable substitutes for tbo carrier pigeons if thoy could bo induced to return hums at thu top of their speed. Tur ner kuow that a razor-back hog wonld go further for a feed than a policeman alter a drink, and at tf much faster gait. He con cluded it waa just what bo wanted. IIo gained a concession of six weeks for training, raised the hot to oOdol., aud at first oppor tunity imported a shadowof a hog. His first plans matured rapidly, and when tho hog arrived ho was ready. Tbo first losson was liko teauhlog a email boy tho danger of eating green upples. It consisted of placlnc a bucket of feed at one end of the lano and trying to start tbo bog in at the other. Finally tho hog was perenaded to go down tho lone. Of courso it found the feed. It was not nocos- snry to dlot tho hog to make It hungry. The instant it was in any other condition it ceaeod to bo a razor-back. To make a long story short, that hog proved to bo tho most apt studont over soon in Illinois. Tho lessons woro repeated dally, and tho hog allowed to go down tho lano at a clip so hot that If tho raco hod occurred in Sodom or Kansas City either town would havo burned. Tho landlord got a little bit shaky about starting his horso against tho hog, but his money was up, and on the day appointed ho oaine to tho score. The entries were to bo sent from a standstill start. Everybody was told to got ready. A score of idlo honrta waited for tho word. It was given nntl tho hog released. It startod with a " booh " that would bftvo frightened a Chicago mayor and went down the -road like a frightened comet. For at lout fivo seconds the horso did nothing but rear and snort bla disapproval of such a con test, and when onco starred it was evident bo wonld rather do anything than overtake the object bobbing up and down in the distance. The bog won. Turner pooketod tho fiOdol. and moved to town. Tho landlord sold tho horso, bought a hatchet, and ever einoe has boon engaged in chopping tho wood and out- ting off tho feet of spring chickens.— "Tho Horseman." 