WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? Mrs. H. II. J EN MINUS lives fit No. 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Muuiio 1'nnut boards witli her. Tin; house is an old one but in good order. Ouo iii^ht, early in December (181)1) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left, the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entored the house laughing and talking. Hut aa thoy wont into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a s. eond. Ki };ht in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his .face was conccaled by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the holes in it. Uis shirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long old-fushiotod pistol. The women (led screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later ho found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women, saw ? " During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, " 1 had slept badly for soveralsiiccessive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, 1 was suddenly aroused from a dose by what seemed like the calling of my name ;and at the foot of the btd stood the image of my mother just as she looked tive years before, as Bhe was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossip said it was a summons and I would never got well. Vet I did and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it is more three years ago now. No doubt it was the nerves. Why, theie's no end to the tricks the ncivcs will plav on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott Road, I'oke^down, Hants, wrote us as foliows :—" I was so dreadlu.ly nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me. yet 1 did not wish them far away in ease Bhould call out for help. This was in June, 1889\. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry ami yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. Tho doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my Stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that 1 would never get better. " I had given up all hope, when one day- Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly oil", and was cured by Mother Seitrcl's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, 1 tried it, and in three days 1 was able to walk across tho room, and by* the end of the week L went downstairs. Now 1 am as well as ever. I can eat and digest, my food, and all my nervousness has left me." Tho malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and tho system rallied only when the Syrnp had give i new vigor to the digestion ami thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions ami sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. (J hosts come fi om the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother .Seigel's Syrup does its work tho eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 60tf 