BY THE SA.NDS OF DEE. By JOHN K. LEYS, Author of " The Lindsays," &0. CHAPTER XIV. ARCADES AMBO. Marmaduke Verney and Mr. Liokford trer* like two doge, which, being separated after • severe tussle, lie growling and snarling at each other, but unwilling to nek another eooounter. The late skirmish had oonvinoed each that tbe other was not a man to be trifled with. Mr. Liokfold, on hie side, despised the threat whioh Verney bad used of trying to ruin him in his business. He was too firmly established in the district, he had too many papers in his deed-boxes, and too many threads of various sorts in bis hands to make that an «aey matter for any man to accomplish. And yet he knew that Verney could injure him, especially with the very people whom Mr. Lickfold moat eagerly desired to hare as clients. And the lawyer knew, better than Verney oould tell him, that it would never do for m man in his position to make his daughter bring an action for breach of promise against Lird Verney's son. It was the secret wish of his heart that he, or at all events his children, should be admitted to the sooiety of the wealthy merchants' families who had settled in bis neighbourhood ; and such a lawsuit, he well understood, would be fatal to asy such endeavours. He bad been playing a game of brag all through. He had been intending to frighten Verney into acknowledging the quasi-enpagement whioh his daughter believed to exist; and, to tell the truth, be had gone muoh further than he had ever intended going. He himself believed that he had ruined hie cause by insulting Verney aB he had done, and was muoh enraged at himself accordingly. It wae the first time in his life he had done suoh a thing. As to Mr. Verney, his indignation waa too great to allow him to think of the matter in m- rationai way for some time; but when he oooled down sufficiently to survey the situation he did not at all like the prospect. Of course, he never for a moment intended to marry Jane Lickfold, but he did not doubt that her father would oarry out his threat of bringing an action against him. It wai not that he feared that any social stigma would attach itself to him in oonsequenoe of the lawsuit. The distance between his own set and that to which the Liokfolds belonged was too great for that. His friends would pity him for having suoh a nuisance to put up with, or perhaps laugh at him behind his back ; but they would not be in the least disposed to out him. What he feared was the money it would cost him. He did not know enough to be able to estimate the expense, baft be knew that law wae a dear luxury ; aad thaa there was always tbe possibility of an advene verdict, and that would mean immediate bankruptcy and sooial ruin. Altogether the outlook was not cheerfuL But before there was say opportunity for a second meeting between the two men Mr. Lickfold reoeived a summons whioh surprised and delighted him not a little. This wag nothing else than a note from Mr. Delaroohe, dated from Brydges- street, Belgravia, in whioh the writer asked Mr. Lickfold to go up to London and make bis will for him. This was indeed an honour—that he, an obsoure oountry solicitor, should be asked to go up to the oapital, where lawyers abound, and draw a rich man's wilL " He must intend to ask me to be one of the exeoutors," Liokfold said to himself with something like a sparkle in his dull, fishy bin eye. It turned out that he waa right. Tha solicitor whom Mr. Delaroohe bad known and trusted all his life had lately died, ane tbe Squire had no great opinion of his euo- Oessor. Therefore he felt himself compelled to have recourse to Mr. Liokfold in spite of hu chapel-going proolivities, sinoe everybody spoke of him as a hard-headed and successful man, who had a ^character to Iofe. The Squire's plan was to have three executors—' his old friend Sir Thomas GnnliSe, of Brayl, Lancashire, the Reotor of Kadstook, Mr. Temple, and his lawyer. With his customary prudenoe Mr. Lickfold said not a word to any living creature concerning the true object of his journey to town. He went, reoeived his instructions, drew the will, got it engrossed at a law- stationer's, saw that it was duly exeonted, and returned to Cheshire. On the day after his return he went to the High Firs, and, producing a letter from Mr. Delaroohe to the housekeeper as his authority, be took oat a key with whioh the squire had furnished him, and opened a closet in tha library, from whioh he took a vast number of legal-looking documents. These he pored over for the rest of the day, paying particular attention to a bulky roll of paper in the stiff, formal hand of a lawstationer's olerk. From this he made many notes. Finally, he bundled all the paper* baok into their boxes, shoved the boxes into the oloset, and looked them up. The key he put into an envelope, addressed it to Mr. Delaroohe, and gave it to the housekeeper ta post. Then he washed his hands, and sat down to the dinner which tbe housekeeper had prepared for him in the great empty dining room. \ All the evening he was more than usually thoughtful; and when a groom drove him over to his own home next day be did not utter a word the whole way. Mr. Liokfold was always a quiet, reserved man; but his daughter oould not help notioing that for several days after his return from london he was quite unlike hie usual self. He oame and went silently like a ghost. It wae evident that his thoughts were far away from the persons and things that surrounded him. And in truth there was little wonder that the lawyer was absent-minded. He waa trying to solve in hia o wn mind a very intricate problem. For a month or six weeks this strange fit never left him. His ordinary business he abandoned to his olerks; and he spent a great deal of time visiting old Churohes, poking round Churchyards, and interviewing superannuated sextons. Some people notioed this, and began to shake their heads and hint that Lawyer Liokfold was "goin' soft." Others laughed, aud deolared that there was as muoh chance of the Enemy of Mankind going soft as Brother Lickfold. But after a time the solioitor seemed to have recovered from his fitof abstraction and his fondness for antiquarian research. He waa the same shrewd, hard-headed man of business as before. (Tobe continued.) 