Concert at Berry Jerry. (By .ouk Travelling Reporter, ' ' "Sooratks.") The concert in aid of the Wesloyan Church fund, organised by the Rev. Mr. Willard, of Junoo, and which was postponed from a previous occasion, took place in tiie Union Church, Berry Jorry, last ovening, and was in every way and undoubted success, tho little church being taxed to its utmost capacity to liold all the people who came, tliere being about 150 present. And, in deed, it was a mutter of wonder where they all came from, but the night being beauti fully fine and moonlight, added to the en thusiasm and spontaneity with which tho cliurch concerts are taken up at Berry Jerry, doubtless accounted for so large a gathering. The programme, which commenced punc tually, was nmdo up almost entiroly of Juuee vocalists, a contingent of about a dozen having arrived with the rev. gentle man who was conducting the affair. The first item was a chorus by the Juuee choir, " Passing on." Then followed a solo by Mrs. Peurcc, " Angels ever bright and fair," which was nicely rendered. A duet catno next by Miss Barrett and Mrs. Pcarce, " The wind and the harp," the two voiccs blending harmoniously. The next number was a recitation by Mrs. Cook entitled " The splitter's ghost," a pieco composed by that lady's husband. The recitation, which was listened to with interest, was splendidly given, and elicited loud applause at the conclusion, and it was a matter for regret that Mrs. Cook was ouly down for one number on the pro gramme, for one of the many vocal ducts which followed might well have given placo to something else. Mr. James then gavo a splendid rendering of the song " Wrecked and saved." The next number was a duet by rMesdames Carbine and Pearce—" Lar board watch," which was well received. A chorus by the choir, " Ring the joy bells," being then sung in fine style. Mrs. Carbino then contributed " The Iterry dance " in an especially pleasing manner. The next item was a recitation by Miss Bassott, "The Rum maniac." The effort displaying histronio ability of no meau order, the stage room, however, being rather inadequate to allow full scope to this lady' talents. Sir William Robinson's pretty song, " Remember me no more," given by Mr. M'Killop, met with merited applause. The dnet which followed by Mrs. Pearce and Miss Taylor, entitled " Friendship," also met with a good recep tion. Miss Taylor's pretty contralto voice blending sweetly with Mrs. Pearce's who took the soprano part. Mrs. Green, an old favorite, then filled the breach, siuginc with great taste " When sparrows build, which was well appreciated by the audience aud her. subsequent effort; "The wishiug cap," also met with hearty applause. The first part ended with a vocal solo by Miss Hftwkes, " Childrens' dreams," which was very pretty. • The second part opened with a quartette and chorus by the choir, " I will trust thee," and then Miss Bassett contri buted one of the best vocal items of the i evening, " Dear heart." This young lady, , who is a visitor from Victoria, having a fine soprano voice with good range in both the high and low notes, gave an exquisite ren dering of the song. A dialogue, " A wife's mistake/' created great amusement, the characters being admirably sustained by Miss Starr, Mr. James and Miss Cohoe, Miss Taylor, and Mr Hawkes. Mr. ICillop .then sang " Sailing," which pleased the audienco greatly, and another duet by Mesdatncs Carbine and Pcarce, " Mothor can this the glory be," which received its quota of ap plause. Miss Lentell then sang the procty Scotch air, " Wo'ed better bide awee," which was well appreciated. A chorus by the choir then followed, and then a recita tion by, Mr. Bennett, " Modem logio," which put the audience in a good humor, tho last itoms on the programme being a solo by Mr. James, " The white squall," well rendered, and a recitation by Mr. Double day, " The Hp sthat touch liquor shall never touch mine," this being an exceptionally good elocutionary,' effort. A couple of reci tations were given by Mr. M'Intyre. On the -whole*, tho concert was voted to havo been ouc of tho most successful from every point of view over hold at Berry Jerry, aud at the conclusion Mr. Pcarce moved a hearty vote of thanks to tho performers, which was secondod by Mr. Higman and supported'by Mr. Swann, who also asked for a hearty vote of thauks to Mrs. Brad shawfor hor kindness in lending her piano. Mr. M'Killop responded, as did also Mr, James, who. in turn stated that the thauks of all present wore duo to Messrs. James and Thomas Lord, who left his fartn work to convoy tho singers to Berry Jerry. Mr. James Lord, in thanking them all for the kind romarks, stayed that ho was amply re* paid by seeing such a large attendance. -The visitors were then invited down to Mr. Jonnines's, where an excellent supper was in readiness for them, and wlicu this was partaken of the Rev. Mr. Willard moved a vote of thanks to the ladies who got tho supper up, namely, Mcsdames Jennings, Swann, Pierce, Paynter, and Hig man. Miss burner and Miss Higman boing also assiduous iu attending to tho visitors. Mr. M'Killop secondod this, which was carried with acclamation. Tho visitors thon left for Junco, bearing the good wishes of all. 