TUB CULT OF MELAN* OUOLIA. (F\rom the World.) THBoentury appears to be dying of a bind of moral dyspepsls. As Its ysars of life grow fewer, Its mind beoome* more ?nd more a prey toevery epeclea of mor bid Influence. Like Macbeth, It is sup ping full or horror* before departing tolls flnal rest ; and tbe diet In wblob It eo recklessly revels In extreme old age is produolng an efleot upon tbe mlagulded nonagenarian tbst Is nothing abort of disastrous. Little did tbe cheery and optlmlatlo creator of tbe Fat Boy dream that that ghoulish youth would beoome, before tbe century, waa nut, a type and exemplar of tbe average Briton, But so It is. We are all Fat Boys nowadays, and, as we discuss our varied courses ot horrific fare, we beoame more anil more conscious cf the increase of appetite that grows by what is feeds on. Never, surely, wss such an era of miscellaneous 'dismals' as tbla. Wben we are not oommlttiugeulcldeouraelvea or defending Its commission by our neighbours, we ?re mostly engaged in seeing *' spooks,' sampling pesslmlstlo plays, and wrestling witb nsturallstlc novels, To be s Knight — or Dtme — of tbe Rueful Countenance Is only to put oneself lo touch with tbe prevailing spirit of tbe century end. Unless one Is prepared to conoede that 'notblng is new, nothing Is true, and uotblug matters muob,' to regard self-murder m a social virtue, aod to bold wlerd intercourse with disagreeable revenants devoid ? of tbe faintest esnse of bumour, one feels just a trifle lOBt in tbe days tbat pasa. Cbeei ftalneas bas beoome a vice, contentment a erlnvn. atiit lanvhtsr an ontravs amitnir tbe aad-vlsaged mleantbrnpeeof whiit was once Merry England. Tbe complaint tbat we take our pleasure? sadly has lost its meanlug, for we bave learnt to make a pleasure of sadneaa Itself. So strong baa beoome the prevalent paeaion for tbe mlaerable, tbe harrowing, and tbe morbid of all varieties, that It has been found neoeesary to meet tbe demand by colour ing our flotlon, our drama, and even our newspaper correspondence, with the same eombre hue. Years ago Mr. Toole uaed to delight Adelpbi audiences with a certain ' Horrible Tale,' which described the varying methods of quitting the world adopted by tbe several members of ? depressed and despairing family circle. If the onoe familiar ditty were revived to-day, It would stand k very fair chance of serious acceptance aa a faithful picture ot life, il Dot as it is, at any rate as It ougbt to be. Its psychological Insight would be gloomily oommsoded by all tbe superior persons wbo aggravate fcha hnllnvnMi of Ufa hv the* aarvtturlA nf criticism, sod its humour alone would escape general recognition. In like manner, we ebould hardly be surprised to find tlie more modern but n it leea genial etsuzss of 'The Bngi-y-Man' annexed by Colonel Sinnett and Mr. Stead for tbe melancboly purposes of tbelr unoanny propaganda. It is not easy to suggest an explanation of tbe fact that tbe miasma of assorted misery that baa lately overhung us ht-s lowered witb peculiar density over tbe columns of the evening papers. Though tbe duty or dlurnally dissecting morning contem poraries with predatory scissors, and perpetually involving ad eapta'dem con tents-bills, may not conduce to any ex travagant joyousness of spirit, there seem to be no sufficient grounds upon wbicb to exolain the circumstance tbat tbe evening press bas recently suffered from ? violent epidemic of ebort stories and sketches of an entirely dismal and repul sive character. Drunken wives. Ill- used children, starving sempstresses, suicidal cynics, and consumptive- hospital nurses bave chased each otber In ghastly pro cession across tbe DageB of tbe pink, J green, and yellow journals of tbs after n ion ; and the comfortable business- tnao wbo has been misguided enough tn ab sorb tbese varied horrors no bis borne ward way, must bave now %nd tben ar rived at bis desirable villa residence lu a elate nf mental degression wbicb tbe cares of tbe office bave been powerless to induce, abd In wbicb tbe very cosines* of bis well-furnished bome must bave op pressed blm with ? reproachful consul ousness oi isoiaiea ana semen Happiness. And yet one mast suppose tbat tbe law of supply and demand regulates tbe produc tion of literary horrors aa of 'other market able commodities, and tbat tbe evening newspaper Is made mlaerable day by day beoauae be prefers to bave it eo. ' The dlsmsls,' In every conceivable form, are clearly at a premium jnst now, and the patentees of tbe j off to and tbe Julias' are sharing with tbs purveyors of pic torial and dramatic abortions tbe reward reserved for tboBe wbo accurately dlag nose end mlnlstsr to tbe publio taste. No matter whether it be hereditary disease from Norway, or tbe gospel of euloide from Fleet-street, or tbe new ' Bogeydom' from, tbe offioe of tbe Be vlr.tt, of Review}, or adapted Zulaiem bomoepatbically administered In short story pilules, it Is allequally welcomed by a perverse generation, wbicb luete after morbid misery In all Its braoohee, and deapfses nothing more profoundly than tbe light heart, tbe even mind ?nd tbe cheerful countenance There is less excose for tbis strange craving for manufactured misery wben it le taken Into account tbat tbe supply of tbe natural artiole is at all times sufficient to meet all reason able demands At the present moment, for inetance. while our ?Mention Is anxiously divided between collieries and cbolera, and tbe prospect or ? neck-sod-neck race between pestllenoe ?nd famine does not appear to be very fai outside tbe range of praotloal speculation, Itmlebtbe supposed tbat tbe horrors of fiction and fantasy would be, so to speak, a drug In tbe market. Witb coals going up, aud the victims of tbe Aslatie plague going down In our midst, some otber kind of mental diversion Is surely neoes sary tban tbat afforded by tbe eombre study ot spectres, suloides, ana social cesspools. But tbe faot Is that tbe old century bas grown so aooostomed to the condition of moral Indigestion In wblob Its more recent years bave been passed, tbat, like many another confirmed vale tudinarian, It baa begun to bug Its com plaint and resent any suggestion of a oure. Tbe greatest need of tbe time Is some gifted aud Irrepressible Laughing Philosopher — some humourous genius bold eonugb and brilliant enough to bold tbe mlrroi up to our long, lugubrlona faces, and to compel ua to laugb at ourselves and ths dismal pbantoma of our dyspeptic Ima-t, ginlng. We want some such moral medloine-man to apply tbe bliater or seething ridloule to tbe fussy pretentions of tbe self-advertising ghost- raisers, pessi mistic philosophers, and dabblers In soolal eswsge, wbo bave brongbt as be tween tbem toourpressntmelanoboly pass Tbe fact tbat tbe present Is «n age of medloorltles Is largely aoooun table for tbe Impunity wblob tbls lugubrious tribe bas so long enjoyed lo our midst. Were we luoky to possess a Mollfere, a Dickens, or ? Tbaokeray In tbese latter days, tbe cult or melanobolla aud Itadingy apostles would long sines bave been langbed con temptuously out or oourt. At It Is, there li. little probability tbat tbe expiring osntury will pull itself together eafflol olently to make even a death-bed repent ?noe, for its sense of bnmour baa beoome hopelessly blunted by long dlsnse. But, lest It bs said witb truth tbat tbe death of tbe osntury bas 'left us with tbe palsied heart, and left ua with tbe jsuo am m' v.t m m b§!« the -o'td n . kei-ii i - ,ib'i'i gioal qw-' it* ii)e . . ? -1 — .it-l .! cmakcr- *? * r , , , 1 - --ov ^ !»? ' ?.-? » ? U|HI'- m.'plltti.i We -'p.- pttflf . y stand. 