BJSSEAW FAMING'S QUEST. By PERTRA.M MILFORD, Author of "The Gun-runner, a Romance of Zululand," ":Tween Snow "and Fire," "Through the Zulu Country; Its Battle fields ana its People," &c.; 5Publiehed"by special arrangements with tile author. ' All rights reserved.] Chapter XXIII.—Following the Clce. It takes a: little time to get used to sleeping out in the open and on the hard ground. The latter the novice is apt to find hard indeed. There is always that, refractory lump or stone just under the hip .hone, and oy the time he has removed this or shifted his position he only settles' down to find two similar sources of affliction where there was but one before. If timid he will think of snakes, if nervous he will be momentarily imagining some cold, creeping tiling crawling over bis ear or sneaking inside the legs of his trousers. Add to this the qovelty Of the situation and the hundred and . one varying voices of the night whioh combine to keep him awake and it follows that however alluring to the embryo traveller may be the prospect of "camping, out" the reality is less pleasant—till he gets used to it. «•; _ Renshaw, remarking that their late' formid able visitant needn't, have wished them good night quite so loudly,_ rolled himself in a blanket, and'in ten . minutes was fast asleep. But Sellon, being_ new to this kind of thing, speedily fell a victim to each and all of the bttle inconveniences above detailed, and passed a most uncomfortable and restless night. The howling of the'• hyaenas, mingling with the shriller "yap" of the hunting jackal—sounded continuous—then, just as he was dropping off into a doze, the loud "baugh ! baugh !" of a troop of baboons on the mountain-side started him wide awake again, his first: impression being that: . their late visitor was prowling ' around, intent on cultivating a closer acquaint ance. Twice, indeed, he did hear that thunderous, muffled roar, which once heard is so unmistakable, but it was in the fat distance. On the whole, therefore, all untested as he was, he felt, anything hut sorry"; when his companion, lookihg out from '.under , his blanket, stared at the stars, then leisntely sat up.' •, "By Jove! I've been envying you,", growled Sellon. " You've been sleeping :likO. a log, and I've' hardly closed -my -eyes1 ill-1 night" " Not, eh ?. Ah, I forgot you're not used to this sort of thing.- You soon will be, though. Turn in again a little longer, while I brew the coffee."' ' Coffee ! Why, man, it isn't daylight vet." 'No, but in a few minutes it will be. flow evep, you , lie stilL; Try and snatch- another | hour's sleep. I'll see to everything." , i \- He was as_ good as his word. When Sellon awoke—not in another hour, but rather more than two—the sun was already up,- but his comrade was nowhere to be seen, nor were the horses. There was the . coffee kettle, however, handy by the fire, and some biscuit. 7 Having absorbed a steaming cup or two, Sellon lighted his pipe, and felt better. ■ . . ; ■ . - • A. double report sounded from some way along the river Dank then and there. ■ In about twenty minutes Renshavy returned. "I've'been marketing," he said, turning half-a-dozen ring doves, out of ■ his pocket. "These little jokers are not half bad" when grilled on the coals, and they. dpnjt Jake. long: to coOk. :"To-"mght will he^tne l^titihie we cam make a fire,--. until- we find ourselves here again—that is, if we come back this way." " Well, I shall; go and get a swim," said Maurice,- jumping up and stretching him self. '■ -/ ' "A swim? Hold hard. "Where"will"you get it?" "In the jiver, .of-,-course," was the as tonished1 answer. ' But Renshaw shook his head. "You'd better not try it, Sellon.' It isn't safe." .. •- ''1 ■' "Why? Alligators?" v " Yes. You can't go into deep water, but there's shallow a little way up, wnere you can -have a good splash. It's only a.matter of a •few inches if you" keep close to the bank—and you must keep close to it too. I've been in myself this morning—and, by the saihe token, it's the last chance of tubbing w-e shall get. I'll go as far as the rise and! point'you out the place." " : Half an hour later' Sellon returned, rein vigorated by his bath and clamoring for break fast. - ' ;;-;v ■ The birds had been plucked and spread upon the embers, split open, spatchcock fashion, and ■when ready afforded our travellers a toothsome breakfaet. Then they saddled up. ■ -i " We shan't do our thirty miles to-day," said Renshaw, as they rode along. : "We started too late. But that won't greatly matter. We have plenty of time, and it's better to keep the •horses fresh than to rush them through." "So it is. But, Isay, this place is like the IJmtirara Valley, minus the bush-"and the greenness." ' • It. .was. As they rode on, the .desolate wilderness of the defile increased., -Rocky slopes sparsely grown with stunted bush", the usual cliff formation cleaving the sky-line. Boulders large and small studded the valley, lying like so many houses on the hillsides or piled up in unpleasantly obstructive profusion, right along the_ line of - march.. Of animal life there was little enough. - Here'and there an armor-plated tortoise stalking solemnly among the stones, or a large bird of prey circling overhead—but' of, game, no sign. As - the sun. mounted higher and- higher, pouring its rays into the defile as though : focussed through - a- burning-glass,- the heat tried Sellon severely. . "This is awful," he growled, for the fiftieth time, mopping his steaming face. . "Is it going to belike this all the way ?'• : "It may be, But we shall have to do most of our moving about at night. ' We can: take it easy now and pff;saddle, and-trek .on again towards "sundown. " Until we actually begin our search I know the ground by heart. Come, now, Sellon, you must;keep up. your determination.. Ifs beastly trying, I know, for an unseasoned chap; but think of the end." '- - - . - - • t "I believe Til get a sunstroke first," was the dejected reply, as the speaker flung him self wearily on the ground. "Not a bit of it. Here, have a drop 'of liquor—hut you'd better take it wealq or it'll do more barm than good." And getting out a pannikin, Renshaw poured in a little of: the. contents of his flask, judiciously , diluting it from .the water-skin slung across th9: pack -horse. - .; This water-skin, by the way,' was.-an in fenious contrivance of his own, and.'of which e was not a little proud. Like, its Eastern prototype—upon which it was modelled—it consists of a good-sized Angora kid—one of the 1<ot serving for a spout. "Not a bad dodge, eh?" acquiesced Rem shaw, in response to his companion's remark?; "The water has a leathery taste, I admit, but ifs better than none at all. I hit upon the -idea when I first began these expeditions.' Something of the kind was absolutely essential. Trekking with waggons you .cany the ordinary vaatje (a small, drurmshaped keg), slung between the wheels, but it's an incon - venient thing to load up on a horse—in fact,' the second attempt I, made the concern got looseand rolledthe-whole way down a inountaiq side^-of coure, splintering to atoms. Besides^ this /thing,, holds /.more and- keeps- the water cooler. I.cajne near dying of thirst, that time,5 being three nights' arid two days-without d drop . of anything;•/. for this is a migljty drji country, I needn't telbyou." . . : . ; . , ."What. if.the whole yam should turn out mooqshirie after aU?" said■-Sellon,; with the despondency of a thoroughly'exhausted man. "There's one thing about it that looke fishy. How could what'shis name—Gfeenway —wounded as he was,-fetch your place in two ir three days? Why,' if 11-. take us'nearly, a week to do it—if not quite." ;-j. " That very1 thing struck me at , first, " said Renshaw, quietly shredding up a piece Of Boer tobacco. My impression is he didn't come back the same way as he went. You see, he knew the country thoroughly. He may have taken a short cut and come 'straight over the mountains. Eor I'm pretty sure the way we are taking is an altogether roundabout one." "Then, why couldnt the fellow have told you the shorter one instead of . sending us round three sides of the square !" \- « That's soon explained, -In" the- first place, this way is easier to find, the landmarks more unmistakable, and the travelling better. In the second, you must remember the poor old chap was at his last gasp. It's a good thing for you, Sellon, that he was, for if he had oilly lived half an hour longer—even a quarter—he'd have ■ given fuller detailsj and I should have found the place long ago. Look how dis jointed the fast part of his story is—just the mam outlines, trusting to me to fill in detail. I tell you,- it was quite pitiable to see the man ful effort he made to Keep up until he had said his sayt" : Latet- ill thfe afternoon, the heat having somewhat abated, they resumed their way, which grew at every mile more rough and toilsome, between those lofty walls, winding round a spur, only to find a succession of similar spurs further on. Then the sun went off the defile, and a coolness truly refreshing succeeded. Renshaw, leading the way, held steadily on, for there was light enough from the: great sparlding canopy above to enable them to more than distinguish outline. At length the moon rose. " Look ahead, Sellon, and tell me if you see anything," said Renshaw at last. y. "See any thing ? Why, no. Stop a bit, though," shading his eyes. "Yes. This^ in fernal valley has come to an end. There's a big precipice bang ahead of us. We can't get any further." "Not,'eh? Well, now, look to the left. Sellon obeyed. .. At, right angles to the valley they had been ascending, and which here opened out into a wide basin, barred in front by the cliff referred to, ran another similar defile. • . "There it is," continued Renshaw in a satisfied tone. " That's the ' long poort men tioned by Greenway—and," pointing to the right, " there are the ' two Jdoofs.'" _ It was even as he said, sponded exactly. '■We'llgo into camp now," said Renshaw. " Let's see what you'll think of my ' hotel;'" Turning off the track they had been pur suing, Renshaw led the way up a slight acclivity. , A number of boulders lay strewn around in a kind of natural stonehenge. In the midst was a circular depression, containing a little water, the remnant of the last rainfall. '■'Look there," he went "on, pointing out a smoke-blackened patch against the rock. "That's my old fireplace. _ Our blaze will be quite hidden, as much as it can be anywhere, that is. So now we'll set to work and make ourselves snug." . . Until he' became too fatigued £o suffer his mind to dwell upon anything biit his own dis comfort, Sellon had been cudgelling : his brains to solve the mystery of the resuscitated docu ment, but in vain. He was almost inclined at last to attribute its abstraction and recovery te the agency of the dead adventurer's ghost. _ But the solution of the mystery was a very simple one, and if Sellon deserves to be left in the darkness of' pCrplexity by reason of the part he played in the matter, the reader does not. So we may briefly refer to an incident which, unknown to the former, had oceured on the evening of Rettshaw's return to his most, uninviting home. • • He had been very vexed over the French leave taken by his retainer, as we have seen: But, when his anger against old Dirk was at its highest, the latter's consort, reckoning the time had come ■ for playing the trump card,' produced a dirty roll of paper. ' Handing it to ner master, she recommended him to take care of it in future. . RenshaVs surprise as he recognised its identity was something to witness—almost as | gireat as Sellon's. He had been going about all these weeks, thinking the record of his precious . secret as secure as ever, and all the while it was in the dubious care of a slovenly old" Koranna woman. ' ■But on the subject Of how it came into her possession old Kaatje: was . reticent:'-. ; She had'.taken care of it while the Bkas wtb sick, and, but for her,, it might have been' lost beyond-recovery'. . More than this, he could not/extract,-except' ah earnest rCcotomenda-' tibw fp dook .afteri it better in the future. I However, .it's propitiatory object was accom ; plished, and' he. could not do otherwise than i pardon the "defaulting Dirk'on the spot.' The fact was she had witnessed the stranger's doubtful, proceedings, and'having her sus picions had determined to watch him. When; she saw him deliberately steal_ her master's cherished " chafm"*she .thought it was time to, interfere. She , had; accordingly crept up to: the open windowy/and reft the paper out of : Sellon's hand—as we have seen. So - poop old -Greenway's -ghost- may rest a.bsolv^;iin the^atter, Tikendse the enemy of mankind'and the preterhatufallyaccomplished; baboon/' And' alflidugh'she did not state as: much the fact was that the Koranna woman had intended .to -return the :dbcument upon Rensh'aw's recovery, buthad refrained on see-: ing him about'td take, his'departure in com pany .-with' the strange . Baas ' who'; she dis triisted,"arid:.n6t 'without good-reason."" 