& cocron’s sTonv. (COHMUMOX.) Mackenzie and if accompanied by tba police-constable and the coroner's man, fol lowed tie bearers of the colfia to the :nor ' As we were going there, 1 turned to as!: Mackenzie how his patient was. He shook his head as he answered mo. “X fear the worst,” ho replied. “Mrs Heatheotois very ill indeed. I'ue fever rages hick and is like n consuming lire. Her tem perature was u hundred and live thismorn “ I should recommend packing her in sheets wrung out of cold water,” I answered. “ l’oor woman !—how do you account for thissudden illness, Mackenzie He shrugged his shoulders. “ Shook or some sort,” he answered. Timm he continued: “Ifsho really knew of this day’s work, it would kill her off pretty quickly. Poor soul,” ho added, “ I hope it may usver reaoh her ears.” Wo had now reached the mortuary. The men who had horns tho coiiin on their shoulders lowered it on to a pair of trestles. They then took turnscrows out of their j pockets, and in a business-like and callous manner unscrewed the lid. After doing this they left tho mortuary, closing the door behind. The moment wc found ourselves alone, I Under ordinar y circumstances, such a pro ceeding would bo followed by appalling results, which need not hero he described. Mackenzie, whose face waa very white, stood near me. 1 looked at him for a moment, and then flung aside the pall which was meant to conceal tho faio of tho dead. The dead truly 1 Hero was death, which had never, in any sense, known life like ours. Mackenzie uttered a loud exclamation. The constable and the coroner’s man came close. I lifted a hag of flour out of tho collin 1 There were many similar hags there. It had been close!}’ packc-d, and evidently with a view to counterfeit the exact weight of thu dead man. I’oor Mackenzie was absolutely speechless. Tho coroner’s man began to take copious notes: the police-constable gravely did the Mackenzie at Inst found his tongue. “ I never felt mere stunned in my life,” lie oaid. “ In very trvih, I all but saw the man die. Where is be 1 In tho name of Heaven, ■what has become of him ? This is tho most monstrous thing I have over heard of in the whole course of my life, ana—and 1 attended thofuneraloftho.se ‘bags of flour” No wonder that woman never eared to see me inside tho house again. But what puzzles me,” ho continued, “ is the motive—what oan the motive bo 2” “Perhaps one of tho insurance companies oan tell us that,” saidthe police- officer. “It is my duty to report this thing, sir,’’ he con tinued, turning to me. “I lmvo not the least doubt that tho Crown will prosecute.” “I cannot at all prevent your taking what atop3you think proper,” I replied, “only pray understand that the poor lady who is the principal porpetrator iu this fraud lies at the present moment at death’s door.” “Wo must get the man himself,” mur mured tho police officer. “If ho is alivo we shall soon find him.” Half an honr later Mackenzie and I had left tho dismal cemetery. I had to hurry back to Harley street to attend to some important duties, bnt I arranged to mec-t Mackenzie that evening at the Ileatheotes henso. I need not say that my thoughts were much occupied with Mrs Hestkcoto and her miserable story. What c life that wretched Hearhcota must have led during tho last six months. No wonder he looked cadaverous as tho moonlight fell over his gaunt liguxo. No ghost truly was ho, hut a man of like flesh and blood to ourselves—a man. who was supposed to he buried in Keasal Green, bat who yet walked tho earth. It was abont eiffht o’clonic whoa X rurtched Uiuliotithcotco* itou«se. Muckeimo liact al ready arrived—he came into tho hall to meet “Where is Miss Gabriello?” I asked at “ Poor child,” ho replied; “ I have begged of her to stay in her room. She knows nothing of what took place this morning, but is in a terrible stats of grief about her mother. That unfortunate woman’s hours are num bered. She is sinking fast. Will you come to her at once, Halifax—she has asked for you several times." Accompanied by Mackenzie, I mounted tho stairs and entered the siok room. One glance at the pationt’s face showed me all too plainly that I was iu the chamber of death. Mrs Hc-aihcoto lay perfectly motionless. Her bright liair, still the hair of quite a young woman, wa3 flung back over the pillow. Her pale face was wet with perspiration. Her eyes, solemn, dark, and awful in expression, turned and fixed themselves on mo as I approached the bedside. Something like the ghost of a smile quivered round bar lips. She made an efiort to stretch out a shadowy hand to grasp mine. “Don’t stir,” I said to her. “ Perhaps you want to say something. I will stoop down to listen to you. I havo very good hearing, so you can speak as low as you please.” She smiled again with a sort of plc-asuro at my understanding her. “ I have something to confess,” sho said, in a hollow whisper. “Send the nurso and— and Dr Mackenzie outof tho room.” I was obliged to explain tho dying woman’s wishes to my brother physician. H« sailed to tho nurse to follow him, and they immediately left tho room. As soon as they had done so I bent my head and took one of Mrs Heathcote’s hands in mine. “Now,” I said, “ take comfort. God oan forgive sin. Yon havo sinned P” “ Oh, yes, yes ; but how can you possibly “Never mind. I am a pood judge of character. If telling mo will reliovo your oonscience, speak:” “ My husband is alive,” she murmured. “ Yes,” I said, “ 1 guessed as much.” “ He had insured his life,” ehe continued, “for—for aliont fifteen thonsand pounds. The money was wanted to—to save us from I dishonor. We managed to counterfeit— farther. “A week ago,” eke continued, “I—I saw the man who is supposed to be dead. Ho is really dying now. The strain oi knowing that I could do nothing for him—nothing io comfort his last moments—was too horrible. I felt that I oonld not livo without him. On tho day of my illness I took—poison, a pre paration of Indian hemp. I meant to kill myself. I did not know that my object would be effected in so terrible a manner.’’ Here sho looked towards the door. A great change came over her face. Her' eyes shone with mdden brightness. A look of awful joy lilhd them. She made a frantic effort to raisi herself in bed. I followed the direction of her eyes, and then, indeed, a startled exclamation passed my lips. Gabriello, rith her cheeks crimson, her lies tremulous, he hair tossed wildly about her bead and shoiders, was advancing into the room, leading: cadaverous, ghastly-looking man by the Ind. In other words, Heath qote himself i the flesh had come into his Wife’s dying clmber. “ Oli, Horat 1” she exclaimed ; “ Horace —to die in yotarms—to knowthat you will soon join me. rhis is too much bliss—this is too great joy!" The man line by her, put his dying arms round her, amlaid her head on his worn “ Wo will leathern together,” I said to Cabrielle. I took tho polittlo girl’s hand and led her from the room. She was iu a intic state of excitement. “Isaid he waiot dead,” she ropeated—“I always said it. was sitting by my window ■ a few minutes a, and I saw him in the garden. This ti, I was determined that ho should not escapao, I rushed downstairs. He knew nothinmtil he Baw mo at his side. 1 I caught his hann mine. It was hot and 1 thin. It waa lik skeleton’s hand—only it 1 (314 > burned with living fire. ‘ Mother is dying— j come to liar at once,* I said to him, and tlien i I brought him into the house.’1 j “ You did well—you acted very bravely, ’ j I replied to her. _ i I too!: her away to a distant part o' the An hour latoar, Mrs IT'-athcote died. I was not with her when Bho breathed her last. My ono object now was to do what I could for poor lilrie Gabriclle. In consequence, therefore, I made arrangements to have an interview with Heathcoto. It was no longer possible for tbo wretched man to romain in hiding. His own hours were plainly numbered, auditwns moro than ovidont that he had only anticipated his real death by some I saw him tbo next day, and he told mo in a few briei words the story of his supposed death and burial. “I am being severely punished no7.-,” he said, “for the ono great sin of my life. I am a solicitor by profession, and when n young man was tempted to appropriate somo trust funds—hoping, like many another bad done before me, to replace the money before the loss was discovered. I married, and had a happy homo. My wifo and I were devotedly attached to each' other. 1 was not strong, and moro than one physician told me thut I was threatened with a serious pulmonary affection. About eight montlis ago tbo blow which I never looked for fell. I need not enter into particulars. Suffice it to say thut I was expected to deliver over Ltd,000, tho amount of certain trusts committed to me, to their rightful owners within three months’ 51 y wife and child would’ also bo roducod to beggary. 1 had effected an insurance on my life for fifteen thousand pounds. If this Bum could be realised, it would cover tho deficit in the trust, and also leave a small overplus for tho use of my wife and daughter? I know that my days were practically numbered, and it did not strike me ns a*"particularly heinous crime to fore stall my death by a few months. I talked the matter over with my wife, and at last got her to consent to help me. Wo managed everything cleverly, and not a soul suspected the fraud which wa3 practised on tho world. Our old servants who had lived with us for years, were sent array on a holiday. Wo had no servant in tho house except a charwoman, who oamo in for a certain number of hours “You managed your supposed dying condition with great skill,” I answered. “That hemorrhage, the ghastly expression of your face, were sufficiently real to deceive even a keen ana clever man like Mackenzie." Heathcoto smiled grimly. “ After all,” he said, “the fraud was simple enough. I tookan emetic, which I knew would produce tho cadaverous bus o: approaching death, and the supposed hemorrhage was managed with some bullock’s blood. I got it from a distant butcher, teUimr him that I wanted it-to mix with meal to feed my dogs “ And how did you deceive the under taker’s menI asked. “ lly wifo insisted on keeping my face covered, and I managed to simulate rigidity. Aa to tho necessary coldness, I was cold enough lying witli only a sheet over me. After I was placed in the coffin my wife would not allow anyone to enter tho room but herself; she brought mo food, of course. Wo bored holes, too, in tho coffin lid. Still, I shall never forget tho awful five minutes during which I was screwed down. “ It was all managed with great‘expedition. As soon as over the undertaker’s men could be got out of the way, my wife unscrewed the coffin and released me. Wo then filled it with bags of flour, which we had already secured and hidden for tho purpose. My .supposed funeral took place with due honors. I left tho house that night, intending to ship to America. Had I dono this, the appalling consequences which havo now ended in the death of my wife might nevor have taken placo, hut at the eleventh hour, my courage failed mo. I could do much to sbiold my wifo and child, but I could not endure tbe thought of never seeing them again. Con trary to nil ruy wi/o’y onfcroatios. I , on coming- into tho garden, for the selfish pleasure of catching even a glimpse of Gab riello's little figure, as she moved about her bedroom. She saw me once, but 1 escaped through the shrubbery and by a door which we kept on purpose unlocked, beforo she reached me. I thought I would never again transgress, but once more tho temptation assailed me, and I was not proof against it. My health failed rapidly. I was really dying, and on the morning when my wife’s illness began, had Buffered from a genuine and very sharp attack of hemorrhage. She found mo in the wretched lodging where I was hiding in a state of complete misery, and almost destitution. Something in my appearance seemed suddenly to make her lose all seU-control. “ ‘ Horace,’ she exclaimed, ‘I cannot stand this. When you die, 1 will die. Wo will carry our shame and our sorrow and our unhappy lovo into the grave, where no man can follow us. When yon die, I will die. Oh. to see you like this drives me mad !’ “ She left mo. Sho told me when 1 saw her during those last few moments yesterday, that she had hastened her end by a powerful dose of Indian hemp. Hint is tho story. _ I know that I have laid myself open to criminal pro secution of tho gravest character, but 1 do not tbink I Bball live to go tbronghit.” Heathcoto was right. He passed away that evening quite quietly in his sleep. Poor little Gabrielle ! I saw her once since her parents’ death, but it is now a coupie of years since I have hoard anything about her. Will sho ever get over tho severe shock to which she was subjected ? What does the future hold in store for her ? I can not answor these questions. Tims alone can do that.—“Strand Magazine.” 