THE FUN DA Mb NT A L PRIN CIPLES OF RELIGION. In his third ' lecture on the Fundamental Principles of Religion, the Rev. J. Egau said we have seen in our last lecture a brief analysis of the principles of belief adopted by those who do not form members of our church. Its many difficulties were clearly shown ; it supposes, ou the one baud, the obligation of caoh individual to examine for himself the Word of God, and on the other necessarily supposes a train of learned, difficult and abstruse enquiry, to which the generality of persons are unable to devote themselves. It now remains for me to out line the fundamental principles of our belief ; from which it will appear that the process of our reasoning is sufficient to satisfy, not only the most logical inquirers, but at tho same time to come within re ich of tho most illiterate capacity. In Deu teronomy, 31st chapter, we read that when Moses had completed the law of God and had written it in a book, he gave it to the Levites, and commanded that it should he placed beside the ark of the Covenant, within tho Tabernacle, as a testimony against Israel. Hut tho law was not the only thing they were to thus recognise; for when many would have disputed the supreme priesthood of Aaron's line, and through jealousy would have claimed a share in his diguitv, God commanded Moses to give a rod to each of the tribes, whereon the name of its eiiief was written; and then all were placed in the presence of the Lord, en l next morning it was found that A ron's ro i Pud len-sotned and brought foi to fuiit. 'lime, in this case, there was not only the wiilnen law. but the emblem of audiOMly al.-o recognised; and God commanded the rod to be kept in the same place as the l.,w, showing thereby that he li.nl cmilided li:c spiritual rule and teaching to this body. The sacred volume was thereafter revered iu the holiest part of the Tabernacle, together with the rod of Aaron and the manna. Tho manna was a figure of the Divine gifts which the church had the power to bestow. Such was the threefold provision made in the old law, and this was but a type of the principle adopted in tho new. Catholic belief, then, was that the church had authority to “define” the meaning of the bible ; but this did not create antagonism between her and the Scripture; the Scrip ture itself bore ample testimony to the legitimacy of the church’s authority. The question at issue then was as to the “extent” of God’s word; whether it was confined to the Bible or embraced also the “unwritten” word of God, delivered by Christ to His Apostles and their lawful successors. Catholics believed that no new doctrine can be introduced iuto the church, but that every doctrine which was iu existence in the Apostle3 time and had been lawfully handed down since and be lieved, should be believed because of Chvist’s promise to abide with His church. Tradition, then, was not a mass of vague opinions which l’opc autl Councils lnay fabricate into an article of Faith ; neither was it something, the existence of which could not be proved. It is a belief in the Divine origin of Church Government; a belief that the authority of the church was true and unerring, as expressed by the church iu general Council presided over, by the head of the church. The preacher next went into first principles iu regard to the bible, namely, its grounds, its appli cation and its end. Ho paid the Bible showed that Christ not only taught eertaiu principles of morality to man, with regard to his future destiny, but that He took measures to perpetuate these principles until the cud of time. What measures, then, did he take ? He selected a certain body of men, and invested them with not merely great authority, but with authority equal to Ilis own. Nay ; He promised ever to remain with them. Thus it follows by nicio historical reasoning iliac fclioro must have existed, and must still exist, a similar institution to that which existed in the old law for the preservation and perpetuation of these doctrines which Christ came to establish amongst men. The inquirer having fully satisfied himeelf from the Bible that Christ has appointed a succession of meu to form tho church or teaching body, he next learns from this body that the Bible is not a mere history, but that it is tho revealed word of God, inspired by tho Holy Ghost, and that it contains all that has a right to bo included in its sacred pages. Thus is the Catholic, ou the authority of the church, satisfied as to the “ Canon” and the Inspiration of Scriptures. The Scripture teaches the truth of the church, and the church teaches tile truth of the Scriptures. This may look like a fallacy ; but it was like the laws of the country; the authorities received them from the legislature, whilst power of the legislature was derived from the laws themselves. Thus the Cathode fully accepted the Bible as the word of God ; but believed iu the authority of the church to define it, while denying that the Bible alone was an all- sufiicient rule of faith. Catholics could not indeed reject the Scriptures without rejecting tiie church, as her authority was derived from Christ through the Bible. It was an easy tiling to “search the Scripture” for a particular object, such as the Divine authority of the church ; but it was a very different tiling to search it for all things and to have no other rule. Moses had been expressly com manded to write the law given to him, and to register all the minute details of Divine precept ini writing. Vet, as we had seen, the written word was not tho only word of God in that case. Would not Christ have also expressly commanded His Apostles to write down Mis precepts if ho had intended us to be guided by a written law alone ? But there is not tho remotest suggestion or hint in the New Testament that Christ iuteuded one word of it should be written. Indeed, the epistles and gospels of the New Testameut were written either for indi viduals or particular churches, or under casual circumstances which called them forth liven a cursory examination of them showed tiiis. That there was no settled plan for the delivery of a code of laws was clearly shown. Iu tho old law the most important doctrines were not committed to writing. Despite the command for a written code, the more vitul dogmas were a matter of sacred tradition; a mass of precepts was not written down but com mitted to tile Jcwisil priesthood ; and these are scarcely alluded to in the Old Testa meut ; as for example, the future state of the soul nr a place for rewards and pttuish ment. There were clear manifestations in the later writings of the dews of a belief in the Incarnation and the Trinity, although scarcely a trace of these doctrines could be found iu the Old Testament. Kveu, there fore, if the written law had been expressly enjoined, it would he far from excluding the unwritten iaw or tradition, and it required, ou the other hauil, strong reasons to show that the Scripture was not merely the Buie of Faith but the ull-suliiciunt rule. 