THE CATTLE STEALER'S DAUGHTER. AN EPISODE IN THE LIFE OF AN EARLY SOUTH AUSTRALIAN SETTLER. BY J. M. WATERHOUSE, Author of "For Marjory's Sake," &c.; CHAPTER I. FALLEN AMONG THIEVES. In the first days of the South Australian settlement Frank Buckland found himself at the age of twenty-five holding the double position of Special Magistrate and Medical Practitioner for the Dis- trict of 0ngo Bay. He had studied in England with a view to entering the medical profession, but his health broke down before he had taken his degree, and he resolved to leave England to try his fortunes in Australia. No doctor having at that time found it worth while to settle at Ongo Bay, Mr. Bucklaud'e medical and surgical know- ledge was in constant request. Thus his time was soon overfull. One starry summer night he was riding homeward from Ilke, the most distant portion of the district over which he presided as Magistrate, in an angry frame of mind. For the fifth time he had failed in obtaining evidence sufficient to justify him in com- mititting for trial a notorious scoundrel who kept the neighbourhood in terror; he felt convinced that the cowardice of two wit- nesses summoned to appear in the Court had caused the miscarriage of justice. He had expressed his sentiments to that effect from the bench with more vigour than cantion. While Penfold went free he felt himself a sharer in the general disgrace which tainted the reputa- tion of the dwellers at Ongo Bay. The man was suspected of having committed murder, he was a notorious cattle stealer. It was the common belief that he had burned down five haystacks, the property of a neighbour with whom he was on bad terms, while no one doubted that he could have explained the mystery of a certain fire which had sprung up one night and destroyed the new fencing of another neighbour. " If I could only get hold of him for once myself," he thought. "Is that Mr. Buckland?" asked a man's voice from the dark shelter of the scrub. " Yes. What do you want t" replied Buck land promptly. He thought he reoognised the voice as that of Penfold's son, and he be- lieved that he was near one of the father's haunts. "The wife's very bad," said the man. '' I want yer to oome and see what yer can do." " All right; lead on." While he was following his guide, who now appeared, a powerful though clumsy figure in the starlight, it occurred to him that he might be walking into a snare. Far from being , alarmed at the prospect, he was pleased with an opportunity for discovering one at least of the hiding-places of the villain he was anxious to detect. On arriving before a mud hut set in a small clearing among almost im- penetrable scrub, he took his pistols from the holsters on his saddle, put them in the breast pocket of his coat, and tied his horse to a tree. The sole window of the hut was filled in by a square of calico through which a light struggled feebly; the door stood ajar reveal- ing a handful of red ashes in a large fireplace, he knocked lightly to announce his arrival, his guide having shambled off into the scrub, and he was at once admitted by a slatternly woman, who pushed a chair towards him with out speaking, afterwards flopping helplessly upon a box beside the fire. The sick woman to whose aid he had been called lay on a ragged but clean bed in the corner of the hut. He saw at a glance that he had been sum- moned too late. Death had already set his seal on the ashen face. Beside the dying woman knelt a girl anxiously watching. " Is she related to you?" asked Buckland, addressing the girl. "She is my brother's wife," was the reply. " Can you do anything for her?" He shook his head. " She is unconscious already. It will be an affair of minutes." As he spoke the patient turned with a last effort upon her side, gave a deep sigh, and was gone. " She is dead !" said Buckland gently, after a little pause. The girl made some reply, but her words were drowned by the shrieks and wails of the woman by the fireside, who instantly rushed out of the hut. " You'd better go," said the girl rising from her knees and looking at Buckland. He was surprised on seeing her face to remember that she had declared herself to be one of the family of Penfold. In spite of the disfigurement of feature left by crying her faoe was refined. He thought under happier auspices she might have appeared more than ordinarily nice looking—such at least was his impression of her seen in the dim light of a small oil-lamp. "You had better go," said the girl, "you are not safe here. Father may come in at any moment, and I know he is no friend to you!" In her voice and way of speaking there was a refinement which surprised Buckland as much as the refinement of her face. And while the thought passed through his mind that she was superior to her surroundings, he observed, even by the insufficient light, that she was really beautiful, with clearly-cut features, large luminous eyes, long black lashes, a fair skin, and a quantity of brilliant fair hair. How came Penfold by such a daughter ? he wondered. But he remembered that the ruffian was handsome, and half unwillingly he perceived a certain resemblance in feature between the father and daughter. However, Penfold was certainly not an educated man, and this girl spoke in the un mistakable tone and with the unmistakable manner of one who had been well instruoted, and had also been accustomed to converse with educated persons. Before Buckland had had time to put his vaguely formed impressions into definite thoughts, or to answer her last words, the man who had summoned him entered the hut, pushing before him the wretched woman who had so lately fled from the approach of death, and roughly bidding her not "to take on like a fool!" They were followed by a tall, stoutly built man with grizzled hair and beard, in whom Mr. Buckland recognised Penfold senior. In looking hastily from one face to the other Buckland saw that the resemblance in features between father and daughter was greater than he had supposed possible, but the difference in expression was so great as to make the unlikeness more remarkable than the likeness. "What's the — beak doing here?" growled old Penfold, addressing his son, but glaring at the Magistrate. "Oh, shut up!" growled the son in response, " I fetched him in to Peggy. You've no call to kick up a row." " No call! Havn's I ! He may come in for what you like. He don't go out again." "Go on!" roared the son. "Let the man alone. Well, doctor, what's to do about the wife ?" "Nothing," said Buckland gravely. "Your poor wife was past help when I first saw her. She has ceased to suffer." The husband looked blankly in his face; then let his eyes fall on the straight, motion- less form upon the bed, shuddered, and, sitting down on the box beside the fireplace, oovered his face-with his hands and groaned. Buckland pitied him sincerely, This was no place to give vent to his natural grief; all he felt must be choked back to harden instead of softening his heart. The elder Penfold was standing whistling in the open doorway, the woman sobbed with her apron over her head, having sunk in a heap upon the floor as far as possible from the bed where the corpse lay, the girl drew the sheet reverently over the dead face. "If I can do anything more for you," said Mr. Buckland, addressing the husband, "let me know. I shall be at home at Port Wolbi to-morrow." " At home in hell!" screamed the ruffian at the door, levelling a pistol at the Magistrate. "Think I forget what you said in that cursed Court ?" Buckland 'a pistol was out at the same moment and pointed at Penfold. "Drop them pistols and your gab together," shouted the son, starting up to snatch at Buckland's weapon. In the momentary struggle the pistol went off. Penfold fired almost at the same instant, but his arm was struck upward by a violent blow from behind, and the bullet lodged in the roof. He turned furiously upon the girl, who had spoiled his aim, and in an instant Buckland was upon him pinioning his arms behind; nor though Penfold was the taller and heavier of the two could he shake off his assailant's grasp. The woman sat staring, putting out her hands when the cambatants' struggles brought them near, as if to ward of danger from herself, apparently reduced to actual imbecility by terror. Penfold the younger again sat down and hid his face, no longer heeding the affray when the firearms were made harmless. In the doorway stood the girl watching the struggle with a white faoe and dilated eyes. "Curse you, Jake!" gasped the elder Penfold breathlessly. " Are you going to sit there and see me strangled ?" At the moment of this appeal Buckland and Penfold rolled on the floor together. " Hands off !" cried Jacob Penfold, address- ing the Magistrate, who did not heed him. He felt he was mastering his antagonist. In another moment he would have been able to kneel upon him and cover both men with his unused pistol. " Hands off! Loose the old man, or it'll be the worse for you !" But Buckland's blood was boiling. He was beside himself with rage. No thought of the folly of fighting against such heavy odds occurred to him, nor of the impossibility of securing his prisoner singlehanded. The villain once in his grasp should never escape. He still continued to grapple with Penfold, in spite of the emphasis given to Jacob's words by a smart tap on the Magistrate's head with a stick which he seized from the chimney corner. ' "Hands off, I tell ye!" said Jacob Pen- fold angrily. Buckland had by a sudden turn of fortune succeeded in getting above the elder Penfold, and was now kneeling on his chest. " I don't want to kill yer, " said Jake, again bringing down the bludgeon on Buckland's head, "but if yer don't let go the old man"— "Jake," shrieked the girl, for the first time losing her self-command, "you brought Mr. Buckland here. Let him go safe." She darted towards him as she spoke. " You infernal hussy !" cried her brother, striking her in the face. "Keep him off," cried Buckland to the two women. " Leave father and go," pleaded the girl pas- sionately, falling on her knees beside the two strugglers, while the blood streamed from her face unheeded by herself. " I can't help you against him, but go !" Jake seeing only that his father was being overpowered, and half suspecting the girl of being ready to join against them with the enemy, settled matters by dealing Buckland a blow on the bead which stretched him senseless on the floor. His father instantly sprang up shook himself, and looking down at the Magistrate's prostrate body gave it a kick. "Done for him, eh !" he remarked coolly. " Twas his own foolery," said Jacob, remorsefully. Twasn't me at wanted to do him no harm." " Well, there ain't no time tor looking after this kind of carron. You'd better shove it it away somewheres," said Penfold. Jake looked unwillingly at the supposed corpse, not caring to examine his work too closely. " We'll have to bury poor Peggy, too !" he said in stifled tones. " I can't stop all night here," said the father. "There's a job on at Willunga to-night. I come round to see if you'd go along with me. They want the cart there about daylight. If you aint on I'll go alone. There's that chap's horse. We can put him in the lead —get on a bit quicker. There'll be half a ton of meat to bring back." " All right," said Jake. " Best brand him first. There'll be a noise about this when be don't turn up. I never went to kill the fool." "Get out, you great soft!" said worthy Mr. Penfold. "If you're so white livered, I'll dig a hole and drop him in where he'll never be found. You ought to be jolly glad you got the chance. It's a good riddance for the lot of us. I'd have been in quod to-morrow if you hadn't been along. Where's she skulking? Frightened of Peggy, I suppose." Jake shuddered as he followed bis father out into the clear starlight to prepare for the branding of Buckland's horse, which was still standing as he had left it, tied to a tree. They were scarcely out of hearing when the girl rushed in. She had been hiding close by among the ti-tree bushes, and had heard what passed between her father and brother. The woman, her aunt, sat feebly smiling in her idiocy, nodding her head and looking to wards the empty fireplace. "If you don't want to be haunted by both their ghosts," said the girl breathlessly, "get up and help me to carry this man out to the cart. I'm going to take him home." "Oh, I can't, I can't ! moaned the woman, recalled by her niece's voice to realities. "I can't touch him—he's dead." She shivered till her teeth chattered. Your father'll kill us both, and him and Jake'll both swing. "Let them, " said the girl, angrily. " I give 'm leave—when they catch me. It's the only way to save father and Jake. If the police find Mr. Buckland's body in the road they'll think he only fell off his horse. But I don', believe he's dead." "Oh, yes, yes; they're both dead—dead and gone—dead and gone, as we all shall. Oh, dear! oh, dear !" But the girl was already half lifting, half dragging Buckland's helpless body out of the hut door in her strong young arms. The two Penfolds, after some deliberation, decided to dig a hole for the concealment of the murdered man's body before they branded his horse. The sooner all evidence of their crime was out of the way the better; and Jake's horror of his own act following upon the shock of seeing his wife dead was completely unnerving him. His father foresaw that if he was not roused he would presently become helpless. His face showed livid in the star- light and he shook all over. "It'll be easy digging in the swamp," said the father, shouldering his pick and spade. "A bit of hard work would do you more good, but we haven't got the time." It was more than an hour later when they returned to the hut, carrying the brand ing irons to operate upon the horse. " Hullo! where is he? and where's the cart?" shouted Penfold, senior. Not daring to put their new fears into words—fears which even in Jacob's mind over shadowed the terror of being brought again in contact with Buckland's corpse—they rushed into the hut. There sat Penfold's sister, gibbering in the corner, and there lay the still, long form on the bed, outlined through the sheet with which it was covered, but the body of the man was gone. While they were still shrieking curses and terrifying the wretched woman in the hut with their threats of horrible vengeance on her if she did not confess what had happened, Jane Penfold was galloping her illmatched pair of horses through the last few miles of the srub, the cart bumping behind them and herself obliged to put forth all her strength to keep herself in the vehicle while she drove, steering among stumps and holes with an un- erring eye. Sand whirled from the wheels as the cart was wildly dragged through the barren patches, sticks and leaves were flung into the air as they dashed again through the trees, and the sound of horses' feet fell with a rapid, steady, muffled thud upon the untraversed earth. The scrub spread out in dark masses on every side to the horizon. Above the stars wore paling and lessening. In the east was a faint light which seemed to pulse against the sky. Again Jane lashed her horses. It was a race now against the dawn. She had changed her first-formed plan of leaving Buckland's body by the roadside. The hope that life was not yet extinct grew every moment into certainty, and the conviction thas she had been able to save him from a terrible fate gave him a still further claim upon her. Not the smallest chance of helping his recovery should be lost, though her own life should pay the cost of her generosity. She would carry him to his own house and see him safe, and after that was done she could think what to do for herself. She had little fear for her father and brother. Doubtless time enough would elapse before Mr. Buckland could recover sufficiently to put the police on their track, supposing him to be still alive, to afford them ample time to escape. Once with the gang of cattlestealers, whom they had intended to join that very night at Willunga, they were comparatively safe; and though she had taken their horses and spring-dray they would soon find other horses to serve their turn either in the scrub or in the paddocks of their neighbours. 1203 At last she had left the scrub behind ; she could feel the cool sea air on her face and hear the thunder of the breakers on the shore. Her hair floated out on the freshening breeze in the cleared country as she forced her foam- ing horses onward. She had reached a level road, but it was full of stumps, and even more dangerous than the track through the thick- growing scrub. She looked neither to the right nor the left, she was unconscious of all but one desire—to reach the Magistrate's house before daylight. The last corner was turned. Jane was heading straight towards the south; she was already crossing the little sheaoak-clad point of Port Wolbi, where the Magistrate's house stood over- looking the wide sweep of Ongo Bay. Jane knew the house, as she knew every house in the neighbourhood, with a sad sense that between every decent settler and such as she there was an impassable gulf. Yet she was only guilty by the sins of others. She had long resolved to escape from the degrading life, and now she swore that she would kill herself or starve rather than go back. The first white light of day was stealing over the world when Mr. Buckland's man servant was aroused by a strange lad, who said he had picked up the Magistrate in the scrub insensible. He also delivered up the horse, and while the man was carry- ing his master into the house the boy dis- appeared with the cart and the other horse, which were found on the following day by the police in the scrub. For many weeks Mr. Buckland's reco- very seemed doubtful, but youth and an uninjured constitution won the battle at last against concussion of the brain. The Penfolds had escaped before he was able to give information to the police, but the district of Ongo Bay was rid of the curse of their presence. How Buckland's rescue had been effected remained a mystery to himself as to every one else ; but though he did not know of the debt of gratitude which he owed to Jane Penfold, her face had been ever present with him, soothing him in his delirium, and haunting him like a fragrance in the days of his convales- cence. Who but she could or would have saved him? he often asked himself. And though equally often he dismissed the idea as absurd and even impossible, fears for her fate if she had indeed run so terrible a risk for him began to trouble him. But neither search nor enquiry threw any light upon her ulti- mate movements. The whole family had disappeared, and no more was heard of them. Later the mystery of the daughter's superiority to her father was to some extent accounted for by a very nice re- spectable old woman at Ilke who was attended by Buckland in his capacity of doctor. She had nursed Mrs. Penfold when Jane, her youngest and only sur viving child, was born, Jacob being the son of a former wife. To her Mrs. Pen fold had confided her sad story. She had eloped from her father's house with Penfold, who was a footman in the establishment, she being pretty, vain, and romantic, and excessively weak. In an evil hour a distant relative had left her a few thousand pounds, which made her an object of desire to Penfold, whose hand some person had some time previously captured her wayward fancy. He had brought her to a strange country, wasted her money and broken her heart, but he had not been able to prevent her from educating her daughter in those principles in which she had herself been brought up, though she had not walked by their light, nor from teaching her with passionate ardour all that she herself had learned from numerous instructors. In Jane the seed of high principles had fallen on good ground, and the poor mother had not laboured in vain to prevent the develop- ment of evil propensities which she had inherited from her father. Then Mrs. Penfold died, and Jane was left alone to watch for an opportunity of escape, which she seized on the night of her father's murderous attack upon Mr. Buckland. 