ENTERTAINMENT AT YARRA GLEN. (FROM OUKjoWK COBBBSPONDEKT). A most 8U«essful entertainment took place in the Recreation Hall on Thursday evening, 30th Lugust. Long before the j curtain rose tie house was well failed. Mr Nicholas, Who vited as chairman, opened the proceedings by stating that the object of Hie gathering was to as3ist the Melbourne! Hospital fund, and he had always fouid the Yarra Glen people prompt in repl/iog to any such calls, as proved by the present gathering. A pianoforteeolo (Agnes Sorrell Quadrilles), skilfullylexecuted by Miss Dillon, was the first item. A duet, " Larboard Watch," was given in grand style by Messrs Davis and Horner. Then followed a song, " The Old Man," by Mr Christie. This was quite "hors ligne," and so enthusiastically received that an encore was responded to by a dance, which went near eclipsiug the song. The taste in songs was, maybe owing to late floods, decidedly nautical, as both Mr Lindupp and Mr Davis followed with marine selections, rendered in a very superior way, and Miss M. Cuuimings was anything but at sea with "The Fisherman's Daughter," which was beautifully given. A song,- "The Blacksmith," by Mr Horner, was a treat such as we seldom enjoy, aud we believe the singer has never been heard to greater advantage in the Glen. Mr Christie's song and dance were most uproariously received, and were only too short to please the audience. A farce, " The Bogus Talking Machine," was next stagedf Professor oniously appropriating money, had evidently advertised a talking machine which would lay over any of Edison's patents. This consisted of a dry goods box, branded VJ.O.D., which, it appears, stands -for "cash on delivery." A purchaser, Mr Martello (Mr Homer), being expected, it becomes neceasary to animate the machine, and the w:ly pr<»fessor induces an ebony-colored contraband, Pete (Mr E. Smith), for the sake of filthy lucre, to cirry out the deception by hiding in the box. Sir Martello enters, tests the machine, and is de lighted, pays cash, and departs in search of a porter to remove his purchase. This appears to the professor a good opportunity to vainooe the ranch and retire unostentatiously from the district. Hans Snyder (Mr A. Keets), a sunburnt porter, enters and starts the removal contract. Pete, with a white sheet round him, rises like the late Bunco. Hans, awe-struck aud evidently considering the C.O.D. stands for "Care of Death," start3 for home, hotly pursued and belabored by the sinful Pete. The acting was most spirited, especially the ghost, aud the actors well deserved the applause they received. Part II. was opened with a piano duet by Mrs A. Keets and Miss M. Smith,, both performers making a remarkable display of talent. Songs, " Queen of the Earth," by Mr Davis, and " Oue Hundred Fathoms Deep," by Mr Lindupp, were both excellently rendered. A recitation, " Kiss in School," by Miss M. Cummings, was a well-applauded item. A comic song, "A11 Boozed," was given by Mr Christie with his usual succcss and encore. The last item was a farce, " The Wigmakers " ; characters — Old Man (Mr Spear), Jimmy (Mr Horner), Georgie (Mr A-JKeets). This was greatly appreciated. ne pranks, talk, and local hits of the two Ethiopian apprentices, the indignation of the old flgaro, who spanks Jimmy, the substitution of Georgie's head for the wig block, in which capacity he drinks the old man's lager and enjoys a smoke, were all rendered to the life by the performers, who quite surpassed themselves. Excellent refreshments were partaken of by the audience. This department was under the management of ^ Jthe following ladies— Mesdames Samuels, Poulson, Irvine, Keets, and A. Keets, and they seem to have been as successful as the other performers. About 30 couples graced the ball, which was carried on with great vigor till daylight. 