The Bishop of Grafton and Irmidale at Moree. Moree, Monday. Bishop Green arrived unexpectedly on Friday evening. It had been arranged that his Lordship was to arrive on Saturday morning about noon, and be formally met and welcomed by the townspeople about a mile outside the town. This arrangement was upset by unforeseen circumstances. On arrival at Combadello station, it was announced that Mrs. MnRPR was danrrerouslv ill : the Bishop then de cided to come right on. Change of horses having been procured, his Lordship was driven into Moree that evening by Mr. F. Moses. The public welcome was carried out this morning, the Sunday School children of All Saints, the Town Band, and several townspeople met the Bishop at ths ceremony. A much larger number of peopie would have attended, but they thought there would have been an alteration^ in the pro gramme of reception owing to the arrival the pre vious evening. Tn the evening a conversazione was held at the School of Arts Hall to welcome Bishop Green, at which there was a large attendance. The proceed ings commenced by the Rev E. F. Hutchins, M A., reading the address of welcome to the Bishop as follows : — lo the liight Rev. Father in God. Arthur Vinccnt, Lora JJisnuji ofOra/lonand Armidale. We, the members of the Anglican Church in Moree with greatest pleasure welcome your Lordship to this remote part of your Diocesan See, and appreciate the zeal which has impelled you thus early to come to us. and in so welcoming you we fully appreciate the amount of fatisue and discomfort which you have sustained in travelling so far into the North- West. As members of the Church we congratulate ourselves on the fact that we have in you a man in the prime of life, who in order to carry out his episcopal duties to their full extent lias not shrunk from the vicissitudes of back block travelling, and whose piety, scholarship, aud eloquence, under God, assure the advancement of our great and beloved church. Words fail to tell the welcome of our hearts, and in this remote portion of your diocese we trust that you will pass a leni. nt judgment on our deficiencies whatever they may be, and help us with a loving father's care, and believe in the sincerity of our endeavour. Prayerfully desiring that under your Lordship's most able administration, our united efforts may lead us nearer to the perfect doing of God's will, and to the hastening of the coming of [lis Kingdom, ascribing gratefully Glory to God the Father aud to God the Son and to God the Holy Ghost, We have the h nor to be. Your Lordship's dutiful, faithful, and loving servants in the Redeemer. ine ?tsisiop in a stirring speecn tnen tnanKea tne Rev. E. F. Hutchins and the meeting for such an earnest welcome, especially mentioning tho welcome by the Sunday School children and the Band. Commencing at the other side of Walgett, he had been continually informed about what he would find at Moree — a hospitable friendly people, living in a place which had a grand future before it, and he was glad to be able to state that his informants were not wrong in their estimate. He was also glad to state that the Rev. E. F. Hutchins intended to stay amongst them, and hoped that he might find ' much peace, much progress and mnch prosperity' amongst his clerical charge. The Diocese of Grafton and Armidale embraced an area of 70,000 square miles, and although he did not wish to commence his career by making an undue number of promises, yet he would say that although he might not be able to pay them an annual visit, he would visit as often as he conveniently could, and hoped that he would in the near future be able to step into the railway carriage at Armidale and come right through to Moree without changing vehicles or styles of locomotion. In again thank ing the meeting for the magnificent welcome tendered, his Lordship hoped thev miizhfc be able to say of him at the close of his life that he had striven to leave the world better than he had found it, especially in tbe inculcation of the mottoes of industry, thrift, and purity. (Loud applause.) The Bishop then presented Miss Lily Everingham with a gold watch and chain as a present from the parishioners, it being a slight though inadequate return for that young lady's services as organist at All Saints for some years. Mr. T. R. Goff suitably responded on behalf of Miss Everingham. At intervals a musical programme was gone through, the glee numbers being much appreciated, showing the care which Dr. Eisner had taken in training the choir. Encores were demanded for the doctor's violin solo 'Romanza,' as well as Miss Murray's song ' Last night.' The following is the complete programme of the vocal and and instrumental concert : — Glee, ' From Oberon in fairy land' ( Stevens ) ; Soprani, Misses Everingham, E. Everingham. Rose, and Emmerton, Mepdarae3 Clarke, Cornell, Harveson, and Walmsley ; alti, Misses Clarke, James, and Patterson ; bassi, Mess's. Clarke and Eccles ; tenori, Messrs. Carter, Cornell, Midgley, and Goff ; song, ' Forgive as I forgive thee' (Glover), Mrs. Harveson ; vocal duet, ' Friendship' (Glover), Misses Everingham and Patterson; song, ' Whisper and I shall hear' (Piccolommi) , Miss Murray ; violin obligate, Mr. Robinson ; glee, '? Hail smiling morn' (Spofforth), the choir; violin solo, ' Rowanza' (Svendssen), Dr. Eisner ; song, 'Yes- terday' (Blockley), Mrs. Cornell; song, 'Last nitfht' ICjerulf), Miss Murray ; violin duett, 'Nocturne' (Dancla), Messrs. Robinoon and Eisner; glee, 'Where art thou beam of light' (Bishop), the choir. At intervals the refreshments prepared by a ladies committee were handed round. 