Reviewer. Publications Received. "'NEATH AUSTRAL SKIES." Mr. Edward Booth Loughran, who is well known as a contributor of original verse to the Southern Press, has published a collection of his poems in book form under the title " 'Neath Austral Skies." In addition to those reprinted from the newspapers in which they first ap peared, a number of pieces are included whioh are published for the first time, among them the dedicatory stanzas addressed to the poet's wife. These last, although betokening true and tender feeling and possessed of a oertain gracefulnens, are marred by carelessness of a sort to be noted rather frequently throughout the volume. A poem of the votive order may ha vapid, bat, technically, it must be flawless. Whatsoever, in the gift, may be oommanded by diligenoe in effort is to be looked for from the giver. Inspiration is not ot the things that oome at call, but painstaking in prosody, fitness of phrase, and wariness in tbe use of metaphor are all matters dependent upon the will of the individual. Suoh rhymes to the eye only as "bloom" and "come," "now" and " glow," should find no place in suoh a poem. Nor Bhould a "prelude" which "forecasts" a " dirge," a "Time," " twining silver bays," or an " alchemy" whioh— Can . . . endow "With Spring's new fragrance. Summer's glow, The Autumn spray forlorn. Of the sixty-eight poems contained in the book, those in which there is something in the way of a story told are as a whole the best, notwithstanding that the one excellent poem ot the entire collection—"The Palimpsest"—is not amongst them, and that the worst, the one really shocking example—" The Story of Burke and Wills"—in. Of the poems referred to " The Commandant," in which the old Moreton Bay settlement story of Logan's ghost is told, is far and away the most successful; the stanza well chosen with regard to the subject, the rhythm throughout oarefully preserved, the rhymes with one or two exceptions true, the verse spirited and the treatment not wanting in im pressivenesa, as tbe subjoined extracts will serve to show :— In the bush, on the river's southern side, The Commandant doth daily ride. And if he's kept waiting woo betide Tho punt«man, slave to his passion. He rides nil alone, and whither he goes Through the darkening forest no man knows j 'Tis " to meet the Devil." tho convicts surtpose, " New tortures to gather and fashion." His figure has faded among tho trees Ere the cowering ferryman feelß at ease From that glanco, which like poisoned lee oan freese The blood it in also burning. Later and later the eve wanes by, Higher and higher the moon climbs the sky, ' While the ferryman waits in vain for tbe ory Of the Commandant home returning. The " furious hoof-beats speeding" are heard at last, but— . . . Although the moonlight streaming Floods all around with its silver sheen, Nor on horse nor on foot can a form be seen— All silent, as though that gallop had been Heard but in a fit of dreaming! And by fits and starts through that vigil dread, The whole night long, he can hear the tread Of the hoofs of that strange, invisible steed, Now weaker growing, now stronger. In sooth, a night of horror and fear! To the watcher it seems as though a year Was passed, when the dawning doth appear, And the sounds are heard no longer. Next in order of merit comes "A Mine Hero:" A depth of nigh nine hundred feet the blaok shaft stretches down; Two miners at its utmost base—the light of heaven unknown— The holes have pierced whioh, oharged with might the Titans never knew. Touched by the magic spark, shall bring new wealth of gold to view. The fuses are lit, and the men being hauled up, but as the bucket upward floats one of them— Falls senseless, thirty feet below, where through the central gloom. Four swiftly-shortening fuses glow like fiery eyes of doom t The other man, a young Corniahman named Rogers, at onoe given the signal to lower, and readies the bottom in time to pull out three of the fuses, but— . . . The fourth confused in vain he seeks.' And with a vengeful roar of doom Death from his prison breaks. But Death has missed. The noble deed has saved a comrade's life; Wounded and maimed, 'tis true, but spared to children and to wife. And Rogers? Nigh unscathed he stands—tho true, brave, modest lad. Fit son of Lyonesso, that bore Arthur and Galahad. How weak to deeds like his are words I How coldly runs the phrase That tells, 'mid " Mining News and Notes," an act for Christ to praise 1 ■'•" The Dawn of the Dominion" seems to challenge certain comparisons; but quotation from that particular masterpiece, as from " The Commonwealth of Australia," " A Federation Sons*," or indeed any of the distinctively patriotic outpourings of Mr. Loughran's muse would be mere cruelty. The translations from Horace, and from the French and German, are interesting, as are likewise the sonnets, of which last the one addressed to our own colony merits grateful acknowledgment. It in pleasant to find that the author—whose earlier journalistic and literary experience was, gained in Queensland —retains so cordial a feeling towards his old home. Friends and comrades both North and South will doubtless be glad to have the collection of Mr. Loughran's poems complete, as in the very handsomely got up volume published by Messrs. Melville, Mullen, and Slade, of Melbourne. A leas comprehensive edition would, however, serve the author's interest, so far as . ordinary readers are concerned, infinitely better. The Era gives a lad report of the health rf Miss Nellie Farren, whose complaint, ohronic gout, is said to have " reached a point whioh gives very little hope of complete recovery," 0\. W. Plumridge W. Boutter H. J. Godsall M. Baldwin J. S. Anderson. T. S. Pratten Dr. E. O'Doherty E. J. Beard J. H. Bancroft W. Davidson F. C. O'Rourke (Toowong). (Vicepres.). (Toowoomba R.U.). (City). (Vice-president). (Vice- pres.) (Btanley). (Ooeidentai). (Royal Stars). (Past Grammar School). W. H. Beatrie H. R. P. Durham J. A. Haves (Viee-pre*.). 8. R. Welch E. J. Stevens, M.L.A. A. Faulkner G. E. Markwell W. B. Hill F. C. Lea W. H. Levingston (Hon. Sec.). (Hon. Treas.). W. Warbrick (Boomerang). (Maryboro. R.U.). (President). (Referees). (Viee-pres.). (2nd Rockton) (Vioe-pres.) (Rockton). THE QUEENSLAND RUGBT UNION—THE PRESIDENT VICE-PRESIDENTS, AND COMMITTEE FOB 1894. {Elite Photo. THE ASSASSINATION OF THE FRENCH PRESIDENT—THE CITY OF LYONS.—See "General Nows." (1); Place and Rua do la Repiiblique, where M. Carnot was Murdered. (2) Plan of Lyons, Showing the Locality of M. Carnot's Murder. (3) The Palais Du Commerce, (4) The Celestins ' " • Theatre. 5) Lafayetts Bridge. (6) The Grand Theatre. (7) A Side Street in Lyons, 8) The Man of the Rock. ' 