Time Tim. Ting civil war in Samoa appears ho ha nearly at an end, and that result seems to have been brought about by the bombardment by the German warship Blizzard and H.M.S. CuraQoa of the rebel strong bold at Lufllufl last month. The liev. A. H. Carne, Wesleyan missionary, writing from Lufllufl, Samoa, on August 16, states that the Atuans' forts were only some 800 yards to the west of the missionary, station at Lufllufl. On Sunday morning, August 12, King Malietoa's troops attached the Atuans, but were repulsed with the loss "of two men. No fur ther fighting took place during the day, but thero was a liberal exchange of musketry firing in the evening. The Lufllufl aud Atua rebels were warned during the day that their forts would he shelled on the following morning. The rebels were in great foar, and wrote to the captains of the warships explaining why they withstood the attack of Malie toa's troops. The letter was disregarded, and at 0 a.m. on Monday tho Thizz iril and Quruqna steamed out of Sahmfata harbour, anchored in front of the villages of Puila and Lufllufl, and shelled the forts for half an hour or more, • The Atuans suffered so severely that they abandoned their forts and Malie toa's troops took .possession. They were repulsed as they advanced into the, village of Lufllufl and fled, whereupon^thetOnrayaa opened fire, and sent three shells into the village, one of which struck the thatob of the .'Wesleyan Church and burnt the building,- TheiAtuan men retreated up the hill, and the-Government troops oooupaed tho western half of the village. 'I'hey had five men killed, in addition to the two killed on the Sunday, and five wounded. - The Atuans ; had two killed and 11 wounded. The K.ev. Mr. Garno attended to the wounded Atuans, and on Monday night went on board the durdgoa .io aslc for a doctor, On the Tuesday the doctors of both ships landed and attended to tho wounded both that day and the next. It is reported that the German captain sent a message after the shelling to the Atuans advising them to ylold at "once as bhoy would be ooinpellod to surrender in tho end. The Atuans sent a favour able reply during the night and were required to send four men on board tho OuraQoa to consult with King Malietoa and the captains. The delegates wont on the Tuosday morning and agrood to give up 100 rifles and disperse their homes. Meanwhile negotiations were going on betwoon the A an a rebels and the Government troops on the other side of the island. Peace was settled, but a party of Atuans who had gone to help the people of Aana returning homo plundered and burnt the western part of Falealiti—an action which the liev. Mr. Carne is of opinion should "certainly be punished." : The New Zealand Ministry have published their " cheap money " scheme, and the probability is that the Parliament will pass the measure with un -importnnt modifications. The project originated with the late Mr. .Tohn Ballanoe, and has been taken up zealously by his successor to the Premiership, Mr. Seddon. The measure is entitled "The Govern ment Advances to Settlers Bill," and it provides for the creation of a speoial department under the charge of a superintendent and a general board. iDistriot boards are also to be formed throughout the colony, and advances will be made on first mortgage on freehold lands. Grown lands on per petual lease, Crown lands on lease in perpetuity, and native lands on lease in perpetuity. The piniinum amount of the advance is to be .£50, and the maximum <85000\. The advances on freehold ar® not to exceed <81,500,000 in any one year. Solicitors rnd valuers are to be appointed in each district, who will give their servioes exclusively to this and other Government departments of valuation. The solicitors' fees are to be paid by the borrowers, and will be fixed on the lowest possible soale. Themensure appears to be based on tlio lines of the State land mortgage banks foundod some fifteen years ago bo relieve the agricultural distress in Norway. The Norweigan small landed proprietors were over head and ears in debt to private banks and mortgage companies, and the steady fall in prices of produoe rendered cultivation quite unprofitable under the heavy rental or intorest payment on the land. The Government loans were used very generally by farmers to compromise with the banks and finance companies for a release of their old indebtedness. Both borrowers and lenders were the wiser for their losses, and the Government assistance, though not restoring prosperity as in the time when every jone spent money without a thought of the day when repayment was due, at any rate. averted national bankvuptoy. In lS8di the Government again had to come to the assistance of tho farmer's, with loans from the State savings banks. .■ # ' ■ # ' Thw " Peace Preservation" hill whioh the Queens land Ministry oarriod through the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday after'the whole of the Op position members, except three, had formally retired from the House, declining to have anything to do jwith the measure, is the first coercion bill ever proposed in an Australian Parliament. It is more drastic than any suoli measure applied by the English Government to Ireland, and yet the Premier, Mr. Nelson, declared that the rioting and outrages by the shearers, against: jwliom the measure is levelled, had not become an insurrection, and could be coped with by the police. The old act of George IV. against trades unions. and organisations of labourers is still in force in Queensland, and consequently the police can arrest and have committed men charged with threatening to disturb the peace, with unlawful assembly, with affrays and assaults, all arising from actions which in England are deemed lawful. Under the new; ooercion bill the police are to be empowered to arrest whom they choose without assigning any cause, 'or bringing them before a magistrate, or bringing - them to trial before six months after their arrest. During the discussion on the bill Mr. Tozer, the, Colonial Secretary, admitted that he had given an order for 50 "leg irons," the Government stock hav ing been used up. Originally, it was intended, to. make the measure retrospective to July 1, but the, clause was altered, making it operative from the time of passing and to remain in force for twelve months. On Monday a publio meeting was held in, Brisbane to protest against the bill, amongst the speakers being Sir Charles Lilley and. Mr. W. Brookes, M.L.C. Another large meeting was held at Rockhampton, at which the bill was condemned vigorously. Seven of the Labour members were suspended from sitting in the House by the Speaker during ..the disoussion on the bill. His Excellency., tlie.y ^Governor, Sir Henry Norman, speaking at 'Gyrppie on "Wednesday, said that the scenes in the Assembly the previous evening were unparalleled in^the history of Queens land, and that law and poaise must be maintained in the colony. There is no doubt that ,the seriousness jof the situation, caused by the refusal of the Pas jtoralista' Union to submit! their dispute with the (Shearers' Union to arbitration, has boon intensified (by the panic legislation of the Ministry. If the (Labour leaders are sincere in their protestations that they are endeavouring to restrain the men, order may be maintained despite the Government action, but the harsh administration of the Coercion !Aot is certain to load to open insurrection. 1 The Now South Wales Ministry is in a "tight place," with the Conservatives urging ooeroive measures to repress the shearing1 troubles on the one hand, and the Liberals tacitly supporting the Labour members in their demand to have the dispute fought out without police interference. In the Legislative Council on Wednesday Mr. Cox led a bitter assatrlt on the Government "supineness and want of vigor/' in not dispersing the shearers' "camps." The Attorney-General/Mr. Simpson, de clared that the Government were doing their duty : in" a " reasonable way," and military would not bo / sent to the districts. Mr. Simpson spolce strongly about the " indiscreet utterances " of people inside and outside the House, and declared that the police could and would do their duty if not hampered. In the Legislative Assembly the Premier, Mr. G. II. Reid, has so far succeeded in keeping members o£L' the subject of the shearers' strike, and has suc /ceeded, despite the opposition of Sir ITonry Parlces, 'in maintaining the oiglit hours clause in the Mines {Regulation Bill. { This most important election address of the week !; is that of Mr. A. Deakin at Ascot Vale. His posi • tion in the late Parliament was unique. Feared by L both Governments, respected by both Oppositions, | he three times had the opportunity of becoming { Premier, but on no occasion could he have formed a 1 policy according to his own convictions. What his -■ political principles are he expounded at the meet ing of his constituents last Monday. The Conser vatives had put forward. Mr. A. McCracken as his opponent, on the ground of Mr. Deakin's " political inaction," meaning that instead of taking up an independent position when the Sliiels Government was deposed he should have become an unquestion ing voter for the Patterson Ministry. Mr. Deakin quickly disposed of this complaint and then pro ceeded to explain why he had voted against the income tax.. Mr. Deakin pointed out that the measure, as brought forward by Sir .Tames Patter son, was not for a fixed period, and, therefore, it would be very difficult to repeal. Once established it would bo hopeless to pass "a- just and equitable f,ax—the tax on unimproved land values." If more money was required after this tax had been levied an income tax could bo introduced to make up the deficiency. Mr. Deakin pointed out the defects of a " surplus tax," an " assets tax," or a tax on capi tal. Ho would not vote against such taxes pro vide^ they were equitably adjusted, but he re minded his constituents that people must be in a position to pay taxos by earning them. Speaking of Protection, Mr. Deakin said it was "a scientific theory which sought to enrich the nation hy bring ing forth all the wealth which lay in the brains and hands of its operatives. It was a theory that to waste men and material was worse than to waste a little wool i that it was better to have the farmers on the land, and the factory operatives in the city prosperous. It was a theory opposed to those who would like to see the colony producing raw material for other countries to manufacture and send them back for us to buy.. When Protection was turned aside and made tlio means of assisting the revonuo or lending an unhealthy and artificial life to indus tries that could not hope to sustain themselves except at the expense of tlio general community, it was time for the true Protectionist to see that the fatal error was correotod." 1-lere is the true prin ciple which should guide Parliament in the re adjustment of the Customs tariff, and hero is the true principle of direob taxation. The incidence of taxation, to bo oquitablo,.must be in proportion to the benefit derived from public works, and the Customs tariff,'as a sourco of revenue must bo differ entiated from the tariff as a means of Protection. • The member's of the Victorian Public Service have issued a lengthy statement of their position in regard to the retrenchment proposals of Sir .Tames Patterson. They point out that, apart from., their salaries, they'havo to hear an eqital share with the .rest of the community in the taxation imposed by Parliament. Their salaries were fixed, before the boom iporiod, on the principle laid down inthePublio Sorvioe Acts, that they should be in proportion to the value of the work done. The rates were regu lated with regard to the favourable conditions that employment was permanont, and that inorements from a '.minimum to a maximum were a certainty during comjmtonoy anci good behaviour. Already the'mbthbors of the* public service liavo submitted to the stoppage of promotion pay, to a G per cent, reduotion on present, salary, to such pay as the Ministoruorders during sick. leayo, ,to the abolition of overtime payments, and to the permanent reduction of Salaries of all' olasises and grades.' The memor andum gives illustx'fttlons showing how a percentage reduotion is really larger, than the nominal amount. Police constables, for instance, would be, {docked jclS 2s. Bel. annually on their pay of 8s. fid.; per clay, which is at the rate' of '12 por oont., instead of the Pattersonian >7 por cent.,1 while in addition they are compelled to oontributo 2J per, oont. to the Bupor anuation fund. Statp-sohool ,.tpaohaip In many ,in st'aubes will'tie rocluoecl .'virtually by 20 to'25 per ceni .♦ they having to tea^h extra subjects without, the -010 or <£15 per annum formerly allowed by the Minister. The average salary of a senior teacher is .£140, no one receiving as much as £500, only 41 scliools being in the first class. Senior letter carriers would receive £95 a year and juniors £9.). Heads of important departments receive under £000 a year, though similar offices in New South "Wales have only been retrenched to £1000. Sir .Tames Patterson • and his colleagues do not assort that the service is overmanned, and above all, it must he remembered that the obligations to the members of the Public Service are ratified by Acts of Parliament. With a contract of service fixed by statute, tTm public servants have in many cases entered into obligations from which the law cannot relievo them, and which they can fulfil if Parliament will not break faith with them at the instigation of a blundering Ministry. The subject of compulsory arbitration in trade disputes has been brought into a prominence during the present election campaign in Victoria very unpleasant to many candidates. That it is an important matter and one of urgency is apparent to anyone who takes the trouble of learning what is going on around him. The meeting of gentlemen held"at the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce, on Tuesday, for the purpose of pressing t he settlement of the question of conipulsnrv arbitration in the ensuing Parliament, is a notable sign of the change which has come over employers, who, a year or two ago, scouted the idea of being compelled to submit a'trnde dispute with employes to arbitration. At that meeting the speakers condemned Sir Henry Parkes' bill, which was passed by the New South Wales Parliament some two years or so ago, because it made no provision for insistir g upon arbitration when one-party to the dispute refused to apply for an order. In the United States Congress, Mr, James A. Tawney has introduced a lull which provides that one of the parties to a trades dispute may apply to a United States district court for an order citing the other party to appear and show cause why a board of arbitration should not bo appointed to settle the matter. Whotlier either party withholds consent or fails to appear, the court chooses three arbitrators, lending the dis putants to choose one each, and that board gives its decision. The decision of the arbitrators is to he enforced by law. Thus, if the employers are defeated, they will not be permitted, under penalty, to engage men except on the terms allowed by the arbitration, and if employes are found to be in the wrong, they will he forcibly prevented from inter fering with men willing to accept the terms. It has been said that such conditions are entirely in favour of the employes, but they depend far more than employers on public syrapnthy for success in strikes, and they would gee none in refusing.to accept tho just decision of a court of arbitration. # # In , the year I860 Victoria was " suffering a recovery," and Sir Archibald Michio, Q.C!,, delivered a lecture on October 30 of tliat year on the subject. In compliance with tho request of Mr, George Graham, the late member for Numurkah, Sir Archi bald Miohie has republished that lecture, which created a groat stir in Melbourne, thirty-four years ago. As a literary and historical production it is well worth reading, while its value at tho present as a political guide is that, it proves there are more ways than one of regaining prosperity. Tho prescriptions of tho State doctors then and now are remarkably similar. Sir Archibald Mitchie's panacea was FruutmcUi, 1 but he quoted the following catch-phrases ;—" 'Restore immigration,' cries one 5 * crush quart./,,' snys another 5 'put down your buggy,' growls a thiril • ' improve your mining machinery,' insists a fourth 3 plant vineyards and export colonial wine,' recom mends a fifth 5 ' drink it*,' urges a sixth j ' pass a thoroxxgh good land bill,' snys a seventh j 'protect ooloninl industry,' urges an eighth. And so on." Sir Arohibald gives instances of the fall in rents in Melbourne, whioh beat any reoorded since 1890. From £000 to £100 a year is enough to mako a landlord give up the ghost. "A new Melbourne had been built," said the leoturer. "St. Kildus, Pralirans, South Yarras and Emerald Ilills were competing for tenants 3 market gardeners and farmers were com peting for customers, artisans for employers, candidates for polioemnnships 3 and rent as well as prices foil as rapidly as ' they rose." Capitalists in those days, aooording to Sir Archibald ;Michie, usually obtained 10 per cent, for their money 3 and he was not going to take fi per cent., so wages had to fall. Commenting on tho. land I question, the leoturer pointed out that the roal ^rouble was the embarrassment of mortgages, and lie suggested an Encumbered Estates Aot similar-to that Introduced by Sir Robert Peel to cleat with a similar problem in Iroland. Sir Arohibald Miohie: also advooated tho founding of a State Rank, ancl wanted to know what had become of the Haines Ohilclers scheme of 18GG. He understood that a State Bank had been started in New Zealand1 and had collapsed beoause the State revenue and trans uotions^ were not largo enough to mako it wrath 'while to continue the institution. Victoria had jraore than one relnpso before rooovoring from tho -old bowitoliment of the flftiosj and the lesson to' ;be learnt to-day is that taught by Sydnoy Smith sixty years ago: •• Choap land will attract capital s high wages will bring population," 