NOTICES OF BOOKS 'Wone Like It,' — 'A Plea for the old Sword,' by Joseph Parker. London, James Nisbet and Company. This is one of the most timely books Dr Parker has ever written : and that is savins' a great deal. But by its publication he will earn the gratitude of many Christian teaoh era and Workers, who have been sorely puzzled by some of the over-confident con clusions of the Higher Critioism, in relation to certain books of the Bible. Some of the fine spun theories of the so-called ' Higher Criticism' are after all, like so many intel lectual cobwebs, which only require a long arm, and a strong arm, to sweep them off the walls which they have disfigured. In this book, Dr. Parker plies the housemaid's broom with a vengeance. He is at all times a trenchant and vigorous writer, but in this book he deals out to non-orthodox writers like Mr. Horton and others, some very vigorous strokes indeed. And ' he is 'not a foe to be despised. 'None like it,' of course means that there is no book like the Bible. It is the Sword of the Spirit, and the Spirit of God does not use an ineffectual and out of date weapon. Dr. Parker puts in his plea for the Bible as the ' Word of God.' It is not a mere liter ature to be understood only by experts and specialists, and Dr. Parker tells us that he is jealous lest the Bible should in any Bense be made a priest's book. We have not to wait a communication from Tubingen, or a telegram from Oxford, before we can read the Bible. The Bible is not the Bible to me because Herr Baur countersigns it, but because it reveals as no other book has yet revealed the almightiness and the all-love of the Eternal God. In regard to the Old Testament, whioh is a battle ground of modern criticism, Dc. Parker says : — 'I accept the Old Testament as inspired, not withstanding any flaws in the human workmanship. To me it is a revelation of God and His Sovereignty, of the Father and His Providence, of the Creator and HiB Dominion. It is infinitely majestic and solemn. Without God the Holy Ghost it never could have been written. In it, I feel the breath and see the very finger of God. I am not dependent in janv degree whatever upon 'tentative suggestions,' or ' future excavations.' We can heartily recommend this stimulating book to all classes of Christian workers. Wesleyan Book Dep6t. — Price 5s. The Lowell Lectures on the Ascent of Man, by Henry Drummond. — London, Hodder and Stoughton. Mr. Drummond's name is sufficient to give a wide notoriety to his book. His beautiful little tractates on many subjeots connected with the Christian life, have been so extensively read by Christian people, that anything coming from his pen will uuiuLLittuu uiitJir atienuoii. i3Uu W6 iear many of Mr. Drummond's admirers, and their name is legion, will 1 receive a rude shock when they read the 'Ascent of Man.' In this book Mr. Drummond writes as a Scientist, and in it he endorses and elabor ates the theory of Evolution, especially as it concerns Man. He pleads with masterly vehemence for our Animal Ancestry, and thinks that the descent of man from ani mals was not 'descent,' but 'ascent.' But whatever theory Mr. Drummond holds, he always writes well, and the last chapters in his book, contain many sentences whioh sparkle like jewels. He is a scientific op timist, who regards Evolution aB being full of hope and promise for the future., The book may be obtained from the Wesleyan -Book Dep6t, 381, George-street. Price, 10/ posted,! 0/8. A German religious paper says that the number of public-houses and wine shops is gradually decreasing in proportion to the population in Prussia. In the year 1879 there were 615 publio-houses to every hundred thousand inhabitants ; last year this number had sunk to 537. 