HIS OWN ACXUSE R BY HOUGHTON TOWNLEY (Author of ".PuA-led.") (Publishod by Special Arrangement with Messra. Ward, Look, and 3owdon, Ltd.' CHAPTER XIIL,-(Cont inucd.) The helpless man relaxed his hold upon his assailant's wrists and clutched convulsively at the air. His body writhed beneath his opponent's knee once-twice-again! His legs curled under him, but vain his frantic efforts to shift the crushing weight from his body. 'Not dead yet! still staring at me with those horrid eyes! Why don't you die ?' Phil saw beneath him a black, dis torted visage with rolling eyeballs. He loosened his right hand that he might savagely smite the loathsome face; the action gave the victim one moment's gasp of precious air another minuto's lease of life. ' I cannot kill him!' Phil almost shrieked in maniacal fury, loosening both his hands and smiting together with the two as though he would dash inward those rolling, glaring eye balls. The victim gasped and gulped the precious draughts of life snatched in the brief respite, and found again strength to writhe and toss. To Phil everything seemed whirling round. The face before him was mag nified like some horrible spectre in a nightmare. Again his fingers looked upon his enemy's throat. Then he hoard con fused voices in his oars and a woman's piercing shriek, the sound of hurried 0ootetepls on the stairs, and a voice calling plaintively for Dr. Marsh, a orash of glass in an upper room, fol lowed.by pattering feet on the stairs. A minute later the door of the room was burst open, and Pauline, in her night-dress, with wild, dishevelled hair, stood before him. 'Iknew itl I saw it!' she coried, clasping her hands upon her breast and staring distraught and mad. ' Kill him! kill him! Don't let me see the letter, only kill him, so that I shall never see it!' The sweet, gentle Pauline seeoomed turned for the moment- into an abot ting fiend. But the spell was broken. Phil re leased his victim and staggered to his feet. He realised that the ghost of Pauline's former self stood before him. 'Paulino !' .he orieod, plaintivelyS, stepping over the prostrate man and advancing with outstretched hands, 'is it you? Don't you know me ?' 'Geot away from me,' she cried, shrinking against the wall; 'you are a murderorl See, there is blood drip ping from your hands. You think I don't know you, but I do. You killed my father.' Pauline, Pauline I' he cried, ' don't look at mo like that. I am Phil you know mo, Phil ?' 'You are not Phil. You are a murderer. Look i' she cried, pointing to"the groaning man on the ground, 'look! he is not dead yet. Geot on with your work.'r 'Pauline I' 'Oh, come away miesy, do,' oried the agonised voice of Martha in the background, ' Oh, M[r. Phil, what ever have you been doing to Mr. Markham ?' ' Pauline, don't you know me ?' S'No, Mr. Phil, sho doesn't know anybody but me ; shae's boon like this two days. And she has boon calliug for you so, and to think that when you come she don't know you neithor. t's pitiful. Oh, poor Mr. Markham. Whthat have you done to him? How he's a-groanng,' 'Paulinoe, I'm Phil; don't you re member ?' 'I romomber,' sheo reploied, nodding several titnmos moaningly, ' Where is Eddio ?' He nadvancod towards her, and she roooilod swiftly out of the door towards the stairocaso, 'Ho came still noearer, bogging hor not to be afraid, and touched hor, She uttered a wild shriolk, and gave a look rouud that made his heart stand still, She s8emod for one brloe moment to rooogniso him and remouan. bor oeverything-her father's death, his own perfidy, and the oruel lotter, Then oblivion claimed her once more, and, staggering forward, sho foell seunsoloss in his arms, oxhaustoed with the ravings of her madneoss, The turning point in tho foevor lnhad come, Her soul wasne balanlnig upon the wheeool of lifo and death, and no man could say which way the whool would turn., Phil raised hero in his arms and carried her to her room elosoly fobl lowod by Martha, Tondrly hI laid her down, andil Martha applied such restorativoes as tho olroumstanooes do. manded, The poor girl had sunk at last bonouath the conflicting emotions of her dollrium. TLeo thied brain, worn out with wild delusiolns from the lanud of drooms, collapiod bonotth the strain, She lay in a half stupor, but oeoaionally oher eyes opened and rested upon thel Tofaoe of Phil as ho ]cnblt boaido the bod, hiolding hero thin, white hand in tIls, She smiled foeebly as she recognoisdi hlm, and closed helor eyes as if tosloop, Deep sighs oesoapod hIr lps at intor valet, and the quivoring form by degrooe sank Intol pacoooll roet, 8 She's going to sloop at last,'wh a porod Martlha, , 'fHush I' saenid Phil, oftly, l you have awakenoed h.or again,' The big, sad oeyos oponod slowly and gnond upon Phil wtli .t ua llodl oxproanin, rThe foeebleo white hands t toned upon thies drawing him closer, n beont over her tenderly andi lisltenaed nas sho whlsleorod (Phil, was it-was it a dream ?) ' Yes, yes,' he answered, smoothing back her tangled hair. 'Go to sleep, Paulinie; go to sleel). She smiled feebly, and slowly drew his big strong hand between her two weak palms, as though the sense of touch gave her comfort, and assured ier of the reality of his presence. Then her eyes wandered from his face to the hand she held, and Phil followed her gaze. Horror !- his hand was smeared with blood ! She- gave one dull look - at the crimson stain, then another, and with a start of terror thrust it from her. She recoiled from him with a frightened cry, and in a sudden burst of strength raised herself to a sitting posture, threw up her arms, and fell back senseless upon her pillow. Blood.! blood upon his hands ! The brand of Cain in gaudy smears! He smote his forehead and cried aloud in pain. He remembered once more that he was an outcast from mankind; but a moment since he had sought again the life of a fellowecreature. One last lingering look at the still, fair form lying on the snow-white pillows, bne farewell glance, and raising his hands above his head in wild despair, he turned and fled from the room. ' Markham, who had been left below, struggled feebly to his feet. and at the same moment Dr. Marsh's key turned in the latch of the front door. The doctor entered the room and gazed upon the panting, dishevelled man in astonishment. 'What is the matter?' he asked. * Look! look !' cried the tottering man, extending his hands and showing the stains of blood on them from contact with his cut lip and bleeding nostrils. It was a cry of fear; his face was ashen, and his eyes wildly distended. ' What have you been doing ? How did this happen?' asked the young doctor, quietly, seeing with a pro fessional eye that a physical encounter had undoubtedly caused the damage. * ' That - that young blackguard, Raynor has beenattempting to murder me,' gasped Markham. ' He - he tried to strangle me, and I'm afraid I'vo r-ruptured a blood-vessel. See the blood from my mouth! For heaven's sake don't stand there so calmly ! Do something-save me !' This as he fell half fainting with terror upon the couch ... ' You coward!' thought Marsh, and he half smiled. 'You havo done nothing of the sort; your. lip is out from a blow, and a little blood flows from the nostrils from strain, that is all. How did it happen ?' 'Are you quite sure ? ' whined Markham. ' Quite. A little cold water and a sponge will put you right in a few minutes.' ' The young ruffian!' snarled Mark. ham, as soon as his confidence was slightly restored, and the application of a sponge had stanched his scratches; ' Heo shall suffer for this. He shall A footstop on the stairs out short any further threats. Phil, wild-eyed and despairing, entered the room. For a moment he did not seem to see anybody, but soon his gaze rested upon his white-faced torturer, whoso physical courage sank at once in the preseonooe of his enemy. ' I want to speak to this man alone,' said Phil, turning to Dr. Marsh, and indicating Markham. His voice was strained and hollow, and his eyes fixed with a strange look upon the lawyor. 'You appear to have already ex pressed yourself rather forcibly, Raynor,' said Dr, Marsh. 'Don't you think you had better postpone your interview, at least till you are out of this house ?' 'No, it must be now-here. In any other place I should kill him here I have already gone too far,.:'He is safe with me now. Leave us alono,' ' I don't wish to be left alone with you,' said Markham, 'If I am not wanted, of course I shall not intrude, You soeem agi tated, Raynor, Has anything hap. ponod upstairs P Sho's not worse?' He paused and spoke with a sudden anxoiety that was far from profes sional. The eyes of the two young men mot., Phll know of Marsh's past lovoe for Paulino, and in this moment of trouble he felt no jealousy, Ex tending his hand, he motioned feebly to the door. 'Go to her. Leave me with this man.' Dr. Marsh hurried up to his patient, whilst Phil stood gazing silently at his persecutor, as though wondering what to do with him, the timid object of his scrutiny fidgeting awkwardly mean while beneath his-searching glance. ' You needn't be afraid,' said Phil, after a pause. 'Listen to what I have to say. This is the last time you or I shall meet and part alive. If we meet again-you understand ?' *'I presume you mean that your murderous proclivities will be too much for you-that, having murdered one man, you are anxious to murder another.' The door was slightly ajar, but neither of them noticed that it was radually opened wider, inch by inch, by some one outside.. The alert Jimmy, bursting with curiosity, and palpitating with excitement in the expectation of another physical encounter, was listening with his ear glued to the crack of the door. (To be continued.) 