g a g o f | } * 5 t RELIGIOUS UNREALITY. Archdeacon of Westminster, By Venerable F. W. FARRAR, D.D., Preached in Westminster Abbey, July 14. 0 Israel, thou hast destroyed thyself; bat in Me is thine help.—HOSEA xiil. 9. Unless we who are oalled upon to preach to others jealously watoh our own words and methods, it will be the inevitable tendency of our sermons, as of other religious exercises, to become empty, hollow, and conventional. They may oollapse only too easily into recognised shibboleths and customary tags. In the last century, when art had become as stereotyped as everything else, a well known painter, looking/at a friend's landscape, said, "It is all very well, but where do you put your brown tree?" It had become a recognised triok, a formularised rule to put a brown tree somewhere . in every landscape as an effect of colour, and a landscape was regarded as imperfect unless the painter followed the wretohed convention. No one pretended that there were alwayB brown in Nature, but they were expected in pictures, so far had art degenerated from the truth of Nature; and no less easily may sermons degenerate from the truth of Christianity. They tend, alas ! to be quite full of brown trees, and I for one do not wonder that so many of our Churches are empty, and so many men hold aloof from them; that they do not care for the endless iteration of formulas and dogmas, which seems to produce so little effect on the minds of those who preach or those who listen to them. Perhaps the mass of men around believe that sermons can be something- better sometimes than "vacant chaff well meant for grain," if they could see a more marked difference between the life of professing Christians and the life of ordinary men. As it is, we have preached Christ for centuries Until men almost learn to scoff, So few seem any better off. The old cry, "Christ is come, but when cometh salvation ?" is ringing more sadly than ever from many earnest hearts. We have multiplied services, but where is the proof of more willing, more winning holiness? We have multiplied euoharists, but what sign is there that they produce in the religious world more than the love which is the fulfilling of the law ? Now, as of old, the deadliest peril to Christianity arises from the unreality of Christians. Face, loved of little children long ago; Head, hated by the priests and rulers then, Say, " Was not this Thy passion to foreknow ln that death's hour the deeds of Christian men?" I have Iong been convinced that many of our opinions and practices of these days differ enormously from the simple Gospel which Christ preached. They much more resemble the dead Judaism of priests, of Pharisees. And amongst the commonplace, the self-seeking, the worldly, the torpid somnolency of religion ; among the cowards, the trimmers, the half-and-half, the nothing at all except in name, in the Church and in the world, how rare it is to be refreshed and uplifted by even a single inspiring example. If these be bitter truths I am sorry ; but it is our duty to speak truths, however bitter, rather than soft platitudes and euphuisms. David said in his day. " We see not our tokens; there is not one prophet more, no, not one is there amongst us who understandetb any more." And Jeremiah said in his day, " Prophets prophesy falsely, and the priests bear rule by their means, and my people love to have it so. And what will ye do in the end thereof ?" A GREAT PROPHET WANTED. I see but little hope for the reanimation of the true Christian ideal until God in His mercy raises up amongst us some prophet like Savonarola, or Luther, or John Wesley, some saint like 3t. Paul, or St. Francis, who iB a saint indeed. Until that day comes we may continue to do our own poor work, or the idle nullity which we call our work, amid the dead sea of torpid unreality and discouraged weariness ; our own work being but an almost imperceptible ripple on that dead sea of commonplace ; and we can but pray for the < ;buroh and for tbe world, "Come from the four winds, O breathe, and breathe upon these slain that they may live." I preaohed last Sunday on that oommonplaoeof Holy Writ and of experience; but the shortness and emptiness of life is meant to emphasize the repeated lesson of Christ. " Set your affections on things above, not on things on the earth." Instead of ending the sermon with conventional exhortations, I purposely left it to produce on every sincere aud thinking soul its own eternal lesBon, for nothing is easier than to forget that religion means a good mind and a good life, and that the way which Christ Bimself, like all the prophets and all the apostles, appointed was, " If thou wilt enter into life, keep the commandments." This was what Christ meant when He said, "Except your -righteousness shall exoeed the righteouBneBS of the Scribes and Pharisees ye shall in no wise enter into the kingdom of heaven." You may try your own ways and ptide yourself on your own respectability; you may punctually perform whatever modern forms of observances most nearly correspond to building seven altars, and offering on every altar a bullock and ram; but unless such methods bring with themcheelementaryChristiangraces they would be no better in God's sight than sounding brass or tinkling cymbal. Consider what He said so often to those who seemed to be religious of old—"To what purpose is the multitude of your sacrifices unto Me? Bring no more vain oblations. I hate your feast days, I smell no sweet Bavour in your solemn assemblies," Give me righteousness and not talk, conduot and not opinions, oharacter and not ceremonies, love and not shams. " WaBli you, make you clean, put away the evil of your doings from before Mine eyes, oease to do evil, learn to do well." I dwell on these thoughts, which are the most essential facts of religion, beoause it will go very, very ill with us if, amid the regions of emptiness, peopled only with phantoms, we fail to grasp even the few eternal verities which are absolutely and for ever true. DOCTRINE AND PBACTICE. In every religion there must be doctrine and practice. The basis of doctrine on whioh our life must be built does not need vast tomes of sacerdotal and scholastic theology for its exposition. The Lord's Prayer, the t en Commandments, the Apostles' Creed will give you more than all you require (or the salvation of your souls; and unless you see that they were revealed to us for one and one only object, to make us good men and good women, we miss their most rudimentary conception. Christ came to show us that God's will is our °anct.ificstion—"Only he who doeth righteousness is born of God." I know nothing that this acre, nothing that this nation, nothing that this Church needs more preasingiy than th<* lesson, "Get sincerity! Get sincerity! Simplify your lives, simplify your religion; return to the simplicity which is in Christ Jesus." Burn up the collossal superstructures of wood, hay, straw, stubble which you liave piled on the one foundation ; cease to oppress, or try to oppress, our intellects and our consciences by teaching for doctrines the commandments of men. Fling your worthless idols to the moles and to the bats ! Loam that the Rospel means to believe in tbe Lord Jesus Christ, aud bscause we believe in Him, not to rely on saying, " Lord, Lord," but to do the things which he ssith. Whatever our belief may be, whatever our worship may be, unless we keep mnocency, and do tbe thing that is right, we have missed the one thing, aud only thing, which will bring any human being peaoe at the last. Until some fire of God burns amid the accumulated rottenness around us, it is not easy, my friend, to prevent our lives from being debris in the all but universal rubbish-heap of vulgar religious semblances. Yet is the one supreme duty to work out our own salvation with fear and trembling before we, too, are ploughed down into the common dust of this level plain, where every molehill is counted for a mountain, and every thistle for a forest tree. The gospel, the revelation of God in Christ, was meant to save and uplift this our human life, which is so short here and s endless in the world beyond the grave. The view of life whioh represents it as a dream, a vapour, a shadow less than a shade, and nothing less than nothing, ooming no whenoe and leading no whither, such a view if taken alone is singularly untrue— AJ billows on the undulating main, That sweeping fall, and falling, swell again, So on the tide f ti e inconstant roll, The dy.ng body and the deatciltss soul. THE BRIDGE OF LIFE. Yon know that a great English writer in one of the most famous passages of English prose has described life as a bridge of threescore arohes and ten, rolling over the waters of a prodigious tide bounded by darkness at both ends, and many of tbe passengers continually dropping and disappearing through innumerable trapdoors, while yet the remainder are busy in the vain pursuit of bubbles that glitter in their eyes and dance before them, and which they never reach, or which if they do reach br^ak at a touch ; and envy, avarice superstition, despair, and passion likd obscene birds of prey, infest their course — and, fetching a deep sigh, he said, "Alas! man was made in vain. How has he given way to misery and mortality, tortured in life and swallowed up in death 1" Let us not accept these views as though they express the whole truth. Lot us always supplement them with the further truth that- Life is real, life is earnest, And tbe grave is not its goal; "Dust thou art to dust returnest," Was not spoken of the soul. There is on every side of us a false life, and on every side of us a sham religion. There is open to all of us a blesBed life and a real religion. If we attain, as we all can attain, to this we shall learn to thank God for our creation as well as " for our preservation and all the blessingB of this life," because through the inestimable love of God life may brine to every one of us " the means of grace and the hope of glory." Christianity in nearly all of us produces fruits so crude, so scant, so hunger-bitteuasto be little better than a store of Lavitism or a godlesB heathendom. Nevertheless, we must still try to bear suoh fruits as we can. Lhristif.nity smitten through and through with the curse and the blight of our unreality—that is tbe reason why it makes such little way and is losing its hold of the masses of the population. Yet let us not despair. God judges us not as man judges. He knows what wretched insects we naturally are. "He knoweth whereof we are made. He remembereth that we are but dust;" and therefore His compassion revives, and elevates, and inspires, and fills us with his plenitude and covers with the white rob6 of His redemption, and bathes in the purifying radiance of His eternity all cur deeply insrained corruption, all our unutterable littleness, all our self-deceiving shams. And because of this grace, this mercy, this forgiveness, though life is short, though it pass amid such surroundings, wo can make it happy, we can make it noble ; happy, not, indeed, with the sort of thing which vulgar minds take for happiness not happy with vile pleasures; not happy with the liittle brief authority of earth's haphazard and inch-high dignities; not happy with vain excitements; not happy with the UBelessneBS of the butterfly flashing through its brief summer day from flower to flower; not happy with the superfluity of animal comforts as swiue with their noses thrust into the well-replenished trough 1 " Crede mihi," eaid St. Augustine, " ret severa vera gauda"— "Believe me, true joy is a thing severe." And yet, I say, we may be happy, for it has been a joy even on raoks and in dungeons passing the joy of harvest, and joy like the odour of night flowers, born of darkness and tribulation. Though sorrowful, wo can still rejoioe. if we be true Christians, in a joy unspeakable and full of glory. We are passing through a vale of tears R-hieh the Saviour of the world has crossed like ourselves, and from whioh we daily drink tbe shallow, bitter, and troubled water of our lives. Yet happiness is not wholly absent from us ; it com-'s and goes; it is as the lightning shining in the east and vanishing in the west— the whole earth sees it and thrills, but) it passes — it passes like youth, like beauty, like guniufi, like whatsoever is happy. "Wotiia me," we are driven to cry, " that I am constrained to dwell with Meshech, and to have my habitation among the the tents of Kedar." Hence happiness may not perfectly abide with us, but it knocks at our doors, it sits beside our hsartb. the brightness of its fa.ee returns to us even amid our tears, makes them happier than the laughter of fools, which is the crackling of thorns under the pot. It lies near to, it embraces our very sorrows, and so uniting much affliction with joy of tbe Holy Ghost, vte can exult as Christ exulted ; we can eat our bread as did those early Christians with exultation as well as with singleness of heart; we can not only rejoice, but, in a sense, rejoice evermore. We can be sick, and yet happy ; indignant and yet happy; tormented, and yet h^ppy, because tbe springs of our happiness descend from foundations far above these dull, drizzling, and earthly cloude. We can turn from the murk of the storm without to the sunshine of a pure cone3ience within. Even amid ignoblenesB a true man oan be noble, and to be noble is to be happy. " Be your own palace or the world's your gaol." HELP IN GOD. Here, then, is the sum of the whole matter. Life is short. There is nothing which the world, the flesh, or the devil can offer us which is not profoundly unsatisfying— Man is to man the sorest, surest ill. Yet God, who givetb more grace, can deliver us from that fraud and subtlety of the devil or man which is the only final irremediable curse of our mortal lives. He can give us holiness, He can give us peaoe, and therefore He can give us happiness in Him— essential happiness here, eternal happiness hereafter. There is nothing to complain of in life, but only in ourselves, who pervert, and dwarf, and degrade, and poison it; aud soGod ever calls to UB and pleads with us through His Son, our Lord, "Ob, Israel, thou hast destroyed thyself ; but in Me is thine help." There are two deaths—the death of the body, the death of the soul; of the one we are certain, the other threatens us. But Christ stretches out to us the right band which for our sakes he suffered to be nailed to the oross of shame; and if we will grasp that hand, if we will make Him our only Friend, if we will hear His preoepts, if we will walk in His laws. He will draw us, as He drew Peter, out of the drowning seas; saved from the great tribulation, our robes washed and made white in the blood of the Lamb, we can be uplifted far above the surrounding falsities of meanness, malice, and intrigue. The heart whioh is pure and true is like the dewdrop whioh refleots the azure of heaven, though it shines only on the blade of shakened grass. If we spend our lives aright, if we use the world lis not abusing it, we shall not fail of a happiness here which is high and serious and solitary and icoomparable, and in the world beyond we may live to realize those words of our greatest man—"In supereminence of beatifio vision we may progress the dateless and irrevocable cycles of eternity, and clasp inseparable hands in joy and bliss in over measure for ever." 