RELIGIONS IN INDIA. At the Memorial Church on Wednesday Pastor G-. Soltau delivered an interesting address on ' The three religions of India and Ceylon ' to a large congregation. Re ferring to Buddhism, the lecturer said that this wjs established by a man of very pure life, whose teaching was also equally pure. It had for its aim Belf- control and. universal charity — two things which would be very good if they could be obtained. The priests were, however, the laziest in the world, and Buddhism in Ceylon was nothing moie than demon- worship. There was nothing in the religion but coarseness. After giving an instructive description of the religion the lecturer went on to refer to the efforts which were being made .to. Christianise these people, mentioning especially the efforts of friends in a Bud dhist village by a few earnest workers. At their first meeting they had 16 converts, and 12 others remained behind to seek further information, and at the second they had 12 more converts, and 16 others remained behind. At the third meeting he wan present himself, and he was struck with the great contrast between thbsV Buddhist converts present and the uncon verted. Subsequently he visited the town and found that the Buddhist priests had determined to oppose the Christians,, and a series of persecutions were in dulged in to prevent the attendance of the people at the Christian meetings. Christianity was,': however, progressing. The lecturer then dealt] with. Mahome danism in ? a similar lucid and interesting manner,; giving an account of an argument which he had with a Mahomeda'n leader, in which he advocated Christian belief as opposed to Mahommedanism. The people were, however, ' the 'most unapproachable ' ? in the world on religious matters, and the only power which seemed to get at them . was the power of the Holy Ghost. The religion was that of about forty millions o£ people. Hinduism waB also referred' to in an exhaustive manner, it being stated to be the religion of twenty millions. The Indian Trinity was also referred to, together with the different sects into which this great portion of her Majesty's subjects ' were divided. ' '; 