A STRAN(IE STORtY. I D. nW. H. RrssEtJ. contr.ibutes to Sala't' Journal the following:-In .85,5 a ceLrain sleek, handsomo young a.\laonnedan appeared in ,o n:lon, an:l gradually expanded, as it were, *"tiil Io ovreflowed to Brighton. lie was tomet in country houllss, and was Iuchlll favoured y Indies, to whom iis good looks, graceful mannera, and, perhaps,lhis pectullr complexion, were agreeable. Azim Oollahl Khllan was the ngent of I)undoo l'ht, the adopted sou-of \- .tbeoPeishwa. Ifocate o as tho envoy- of ani injured Indian Prince. one whose name wnas nut. thue known out of India, save to the few English statesmen who took an interest in the politics of lindustan. !.a threoyears, the name of that mani , known to the Britishl as ENana Sahib, heemue notorious and infamous all over the world. Azit Oallah Khnn's mission it London was a failure. He loft England to return to Cawnpore--hl did not go straight ; it was not his custom. Just after tho failure of ontr ssault on the Redan, on July 18th, 1855, I was astonishcd to find in my mut one morilngn Ilimn, dark coloured gentleman in the ordinary attire of the T.G.'s, who were then boginning to visit tihe camp before Shbastopol. Ile brought me letters; one from Lady D)uff \- Gordon, especially commending hiln to tiy assistance uin his intersling visit to Ito Britisl Army. Hoe xplaincd to mne thlathi haIlud come up from Constantinople ill order to have a look at Seb?topol, and to distl.ri bute some little artioles hlie was charged witlh, by the ladies of his acquaintance, to relatives in the army. He had visited tile hospitals ab Soutat; hod bhd ton to Bala. clava: he hbad heard that sickness Wits rife in our camp. "I particularly wish," said ho; "to see the trenches, and to get as near the Russians as I can." " If you will cotle with me," said I, "you can gratify your curiosity at once." And to-we walkted up the Cathcnrt's Iill,inlledit tely in front of my hut. Down below lIty the long lines of enttrnchments--parallels, zigzags, tald batteries from sea to river, facing tihe alakff,theR thte dnn, le ::olite wolls of theo city, the buildings, dockyards, forts, and the great bastions, down to the water's edge, which dotefetded th Queen of tie Euxine. There was a cannllonlde at Sthe tine ; great shells hurtledti through tlhe air from various forts aml burst, throwing iup clouds of brown earth and fragmentts of gabions. Cannon bdils piayed diucks and drakes on the glactr, plin inig into theo ravines, whlor no one seaw Cho work they did. I Azn,Oollah surveyed itha reono. "Do you think,.Sir, you will voer take Sobasto pol." "'Assuredly; not a doubt of it." At thab moment Coloneol Wittdham cano up ,and 1 asked him for u pass to tihe trenches for tihe gentleman twhelom Iplrosenttd to him. Wind. earl looked at the stratger and naked, " Anl SEtilish sebject,I troumot" "Coertainlyt ' roidied Azimn OollM; " I nm tihe vakool of \- tl -Peishwon'ctoiet England's Last frioed." r Windham walked away to tho GenertOl, andti presently reoturned with the pass, arranlgiung that my ,visitor was to go down in the evening with the reliole to the tihird lraolel,. As I Ilad busilleei at Balaclava, I t returned to my quarters, leaving word with lily servant that lio was to have suppelor for imy frieoid, wlhen he cname back. On niy 1 return latoe at night Azim 0nolith Khain was tsloop in a corner of tho ihut. I dlid not V disturb him. In the Vmorning I wolt0 soon 0 afteor daybreak. Azim Oollah was gione. , He ihad ad his potty saenddled, asked for a ° cup of coffeeoo ad a biscuit, and delartetd anr tour beforoJ,loning hie s carld and the words, "Infinitoly obliiged; must go back," uponll it. He wenot oll bonrd It steamor-a trans. port leaving for Constantluitplo that day -Rand vanished. t. \rlt Ito ninog tho, red-cotetod ollicors of tihe 1'oishwnt's sonI whlom I saw on DUeclmbor 31, 1858, flying before ,our cavalry across8C tihe Rapteo in the last fight of theo Indian iutiny, wiho. Lord Clydo chased the liegtum and tihe Nana, elephants, soldiers, followers, and all into Nanaull? I thougllt I could mnake him out in oneto of the itow. dells through tmy lsnes as I was watcllilng the 7thL Hussars charging doown upon tihe ford ; but whether it were so or not, it is I certi- that.t theo man who instigated or plotted the dreadful massacre of Clawnporo escaped witih tlhe Nalna into Nopaul. There was indeed a story I could neveor verify, tlat a squalid, miserable wretch, a living skeleton, was picked up ott the linoe i of march afterwards, and tlint a packet of letters was found onl him from inollo inl Enlgland,' couched in familiar tint ev1n 1 lafectiontnl terms some of them very ' affectionate indeet-addressed to "Azim Oollah ]h(ln I" ' robably, in the archives I of tihe Indian Govrnment tllhero may be 0 reportesrelating to his death and to the fate of the Nnota. .THE PROFESSIONAL PLAYER. h It is always assumed that the professionaltti player of a musieal- instrument is socially I superior to theskillod.!necihauioor arLizan, ° i t s no reason in theoworld why An orchestral player may be a person of V dlstinguishedeulturo and .addres; but ieo may;alsobeo illiterate, coarse, drukoen, not scrupulously hlonest, and, in short, a person a whom sensitive comiposers and conductors o0 would rnotelnploy if,lhis mechanical dox- a terity ciuldibo dispensed with. It An organist.may be in every respect theo superior of .tho-rootor, but ,-Io is juso tas likely to be the inforior of the keeper of the el village shop, who does not complain parti-d cularly about his s?atus. Some of the more innocent of my renders may be shocked at this, and may demand of meo whethler a man-whoso oceulatliot is to ilmtrprot- flandel, Ilozart, Beethloven, ot' even "tJackson in B flat," s notbliltoly to a hlave a more elevated soul than it butyor and seller ofpots and pans. ' I reply, not in theo 0 least. You milght as oell asI whorl.er a navvy, . constantly employed on vast 0 engnooerlig schemes, is nsot likely to beo inoro.largeomindo d than a woatchmacter. Take a man with c quick car and quick ci fingers tonolh him how to play an instru monbtnttd to read etatflr'otation; givo hn im some band pructico and there you avre your '!profesinnl able to do whiat\eVgner could not have dote for tholife du him butt no more ncessarily a musiciun in thio ider oeinse than a regimental marklman or broad aword:instructor is Icessarily a gonoral 0 or a.tnastor offorolgn policy. He need make no mnoro distinction betwoeen Boothoven and Brahms tlanI a compositor does botwoo Shtakespearo aiid Tennyson e.oven when Ie lias an oxeclliol. I ally fine sense of tite difference bictroee good and;bad execution, ite may niot havo the ghost -of ant idea of thie 'dlfforenceI betweeno'good andt bad musio, Orchqtral players good nouogh to lind constant employmonb hi tlho best European orchestras, and yet withl the lanierse, ideas, andconvcrseation of ordinry irinvalu soldiers, are less comloll thant f;ounerly: but thoynaro still contllmporary facts, and not anall anomalous one, except to mutddloe hIcaded peoplo who ilngino that ovrery mani [ who can play a string of notes writtot down by Mlozart and lBach mlut have thie hIcarbrt acd mind of MIozart and Bach. t 