The Bishop of Newcastle in Hobart. i Sunday last, the Holy Trinity Church, Ho bart, Tasmania, the Bishop of Newcastle was the preacher at morning sorvice. Wo take the Hobart Mercury s report of the sermon : The Bishop of Newcastle preached from Romans I1 v' \\-,', auso tho creature itself also shall bo delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God.' In his history of the Jewish people the Into Dean Stanley lomarkea the teachers of the Hebrew race ? u^iicvcu tiiac ciieir golden come- while contemporary peoples hold exactly opposite views. The latter believed that there had been in the dim and shadowy past, far back in the records of the world's history, the golden age, when all were happy, when sorrow was unknown, and when the goodness of man and the purity of life made the earth a paradise. Then, they taught, there came the silver age, when the happiness and rosy hue of life began to grow less until tbe bronze age was reached. But the present was always the hard stern age of iron. The belief of the coming golden age to the Hebrew race had always been a vast and potent force in their existence, and it was perhaps to it that the tenacity and piticnt striving of the Jews was to he attributed. For in all the thousands of years of their history they had ever kept on j they were subdued, and sometimes almost vanquished, but like a cork they always rose to the surface immediately the pressure was removed that kept them belo*.v it. The prophets were imbued with the idea, for they, in their broad and noble-minded view of the world, felt the purer influences first, as the topmo3t peaks of a mountain are^ bathed in the glow of the dawn, while the lew-lying valleys are still in snaue. 'he looking forward to the age which was coming, and which would be free from all the weight and worry of the present, wa3 as ancient as it was sound. Even science had it, for in science it was said that the orders of nature are progressive and sustained. All that is has been created by a slight gradual development, stage by stage, and stop by step, and at each stage and Step an advance has been made upon that which preceded it. Every day sees an advance upon that which went before it, and one could only regard the present state of things as interminable who held ^ otherwise. Science says distinctly that tne view of future higher development was logical, and t^at it was the only reasonable thing to expect something more to come in the future than had yet been experienced in the past. To the Christian it was perfectly logical that m the future every being would be more beautiful and more splendid than it had ever been before. There were^ other voices to be heard now-a-days : harsh, grating, ugly voices : but still voices that made themselves heard and remembered. They were the voices of Anarchism and Socialism, of revolution and chaos. They say that from this system of con^etition something must come, and tbat something an improvement upon what now obtains. But the thinkers of the day while agree ing with them in the evolution of better conditions differ in the means by which it is to be accomplished, for revolution is held to mean a retardation, if not 8 retrogression, and that wa3 never good. The French Revolution wrs now regarded as one of the most huge and serious blunders in the history of the world; and the cause of its being so was tho fact that it was regarded possible to obtain a great advance by means of human aid only. That was. where the Anarchists and Socialists were also failing. There was only one way in which that ad vance could be made, and that was through the medium of Christianity. No other religion of the world offered rimilar opportunities. NeoBhudd hism did not do it, nor did Confucianism, Moham medanism, or any other of the religions of the world. There was the great divinity in the religion of Christ, the faith of the Father in Heaven, that gave it the impulse that all others lacked. It was that which was beyond the comprehension of man, as when the world was in a state of nebulous vapour, no man, had he been able to see it, could have understood how it would grow into the beau*iful place— the thing full of beauty and magnificence— that it was to-day. It was for those who shared that religion now to make the advance. The Chnrch would be in congress next week, and there would be much opportunity then for good work to be done. There were many questions, it could and should deal with. There was the substitution of arbitration for war, than - which no greater could be found. The social ques tions and the relations of capital and labour was another, for did not those who served the Church understand political economy as well as other people ? There was the question of criminality, and the measures for reforming evildoers, and the changing of the gaols from penitentiaries into moral hospitals. It was their duty to look all those and other grave questions fair in the face, and' grapple with them, and then .they would be best serving the Church, and leading the way to the brighter and happier life to come. At the evening service in the Cathedral the Bishop of Newcastle (Dr. Sranton) preached from Acts xv., 2S, 'For it seemed good to the Holy Ghost and to us,' and spoke of the union of the' spiritual with the eternal, the earthly with the heavenly, and how the Holy Spirit used human agencies for carrying forward His divine work. 