Ifonftag jtobing. THE OLD SEliMON. The solemn huBh of midnight is brooding over the earth ; Alone in my state and splendor I wait for the new day's birth. No Bound breaks in on the stillness, no voice in the silence calls, So heavy the velvet hangings, bo thick are my study walls. I would sit in the dusky si enoe, and rest both heart and brain, And gather strength for the warfare that day brings on again ; But a picture comes in tbe darkness of a place I knew when a boy, And it chills the hears that is throbbing with the flash of worldly joy. 'Tis a Bimple church in a meadow land, Where I see a white-haired pastor stand, Who warns his flock with uplifted hand : ' Except ye be like the children, Yi cannot enter in.' There's a glitter and glory around me that is born of a guinea's shine ; I measure a thousand acres and know that their wealth is mine ; I hear in the shout of the gaping crowd the homage they bear my name — It is written in radiant letters on the glittering roll of fame ; The sound of the words I utter is echoed from land to land, And the helm that swayB a nation is trusted within my hand ; But my heart grows faint like a woman's when the dusk of twilight nears. And I dread the solemn midnight when that white-haired man appears. For soul and spiric become perplexed ,- I dread the tfords that are coming next, The awful sound of that simple text : ' JSxccpt ye be like the children, Ye cannot enter in.' Long and fierce was the struggle that placed me upon the height ; Wrought with a will for the lustre that has made my name eo bright ; I won me a crowu of laurel, and wreathed it around my brow, And the wounds of the mighty conflict I bear about me now. And mine is the time of resting, of pausing awhile in the strife, For I fought the tight like a victor, and con quered the thing called life. But that picture will come in the darkness and stiflts the firelight's gleam, Till I i-ale and shrink like a culprit who is bound in a nightmare dream. For I see the old man standing there — The lifted hands and the whitened hair ; And Ihear the trembling voice declare : '* Jiaxept ye be like the children, Ye cannot enter in.' So I sit alone in the midnight while the ghosts of tue past fiit by. And they warn me, with shadowy fingers, of toe end tuat ja drawing nigh ; I think of the iife within me, of the fierce and resistless will, And the frail and helpless body that must lie so cold and stiJJ, Till the quivering heart in my bosom grows faint and numb with fear. With dread of the awful summons that one day I must hear ; And I turn with a shudder of loathing from the power I stooped to win, And I long for the heart of childhood un touched, unsullied by sin ; For the voice of truth falls on my ears, And memory calleth adown the yeaw, While awed and frightened my soul hears: 'Except ye be like the children, Ye cannot enter i-it.' 