THE TURF LIBEL CASE. HAYES Y. THE AUSTRALASIAN. EVIDENCE EOR THE PLAIN TIFF. DIFFERENCES BETWEEN COUNSEL. In iho Second Civil Court yesterday, before Sir John Madden and a jury of aix, tho case in which James Hayes, tho jockey, in suing the pro prietors of tho Australasian for £5000 damages for libel, was resumed. Mr. Duffy and Mr. Leon, instrootod by Messrs. "Westley and Demnine, appeared for tho plaintiff; and Mr. Purvoi, Q.C., Mr. Isaacs and Mr. Mitchell, instructed by Messrs. Blako and Uiggall, represented tho defendants. James Hayes, tho plaintiff, again went into tho witness box. Mr. Mitchell announced tlmt Mr. Turves had concluded his cross-examination. lie- examined by Mr. Leon, witness said : I wan not connected with what is oallcd the "Windsor outrage it any wny whatever. I was not at tho house of Mr. Wcbstor at all that night. With regard to tho Alma Stakes, it would bo impossible to block a horse when I was level with him. If I pulled my horse to block tho other it would interfere with his ohanco nf winning. T board no nno orv nnfcx' "Trn. test." This concluded the plaintiff's evidence. John Hayes, examined by Mr. Duffy, said: I am a publican and a registered trainer under V.R.O. rules. I am the father of tho plaintiff. My son has lived with mo from his childhood. It is not true that he goes about Prahrau with a "push" of fighting msn. I don't know of any fighting mon in Prahrau. He has nevor brought any to my house. Mr. Duffy : Is tho boy of quarrelsome or dis« orderly habit ? Witness : No. I have never known him engage in a fight in my life. Continuing, witness said : to the alleged Armstrong assault, my attention was drawn to tho fact that Armstrong was assaulting my son. I went out and saw that Armstrong had my son by tho throat, and had broken his shirt collar. I drew my son away, and gavo him a clout, at tho samo time telling Armstrong that he ought to bo ashamed of himself for hitting such a small boy. My son ia now 18 years of age. Ho was 16 then, and was riding at 6 st. 12 lb. I bavo watohed every raco my son has ridden in. £ havo always backed his mounts, and have never heard of or seou tho slightest indication of dishonest riding on his part. Up to the tirno of the refusal of his certificate in 1893 I had received no notice whatever of mis conduct on his part, nor any intimation that tho licence would be refused. In tho Mcntono Handicap, in which my son rodo Steeltrap, and was accused of jostling Lewis on The Doctor, i saw the race, but did not aeo any jostling. I did not seo liim interfere with Somniloquist in the Alma Stakes. Ho did not hit Power with his whip, nor was Patron pulled, so far as I could so. I war near tho winning post, and did not henr any cries of " Protest " when tho horses oamo in. As to tho allegation that my aon on Gladstono pulled in on Premier In tho Oakleigh Handicap, I saw nothing of the kind. As to the allegation that my son pulled Baltic at the Epsom meeting and prevented him from winning, I had £25 on tho race, and dcKirod to see him win, but I think ho was boaton by a superior horse. I had no reason to complain of his riding, though I lost my money. I was never on unfriendly terms with my son, aud thero was no reason that I am awnro of why my son should wish to dcoeive mo 011 that occasion. Mr. Duffy : Scott says that in order to plonso your son he got you to back Baltio, and de ceived you 7 Witness : I hacked him on Scott's recommen dation, but I had no fault to find with the race. Baltic has nevor won a race yet. Was he any match for Auster or Muoklobar? —No. Do you romember tho samo horse running at Mounce "Valley ?— Yes. Was ho run fairly out? — Yos. Witness, continuing, said ho know tho horse Timotlieus, with whioh the plaintiff was said to have fouled Tho Victim at Epsom on 21st February, 1803. Timotlieus was a very wild horse, and frequently ran down his hurdles. I saw no foul riding. I did not see my son interfere with Prior in the Bay View Handicap at WilUamstown. I watched tho Hurdle ltaoe at Aspomlale Park when my son rodo StonobroUe. I saw no indi cation of pulling. Iu faob I considered my son rodo ono of the hardest races of his Ufa then, and tho stipendiary steward complimented him on Ids riding. He was only beaten by a short head. I only know two of the men my son was snid to associato with. "Billy Buck" had employed him to ride his horses, and he had not inado liitn a bosom friend. Mr. Duffy : lluok is said to be a low fighting man. Whcro have you seen him? "Witness: I have soon him at. nil the best mooting, and have seen him in the enclosure mixing with tho stewards and well known gen tlemen. I havo seen liiin speaking to Mr. Purves. (Laughter.) OruHs-oxaraiued by Mr. Mitchell : I consider my son a decent, honest, rcputablo lad. Nothing that he has admitted in the box will alter my opinion of him. I was not aware of his having frequontcd houses of ill fame. I was sorry to hoar that it was so, and would not have allowed it had I known. Sinoe my son has been refused his licence be has been assisting me in the training of horses. I never saw my son pull a horse iu his life, nor do I think he would jostlo a horso intantionally, as the risk is too groat. I honestly believe, to the best of my judgment, that ho did not pult Ids horse intentionally In tho Alma Stakes. I agree with my son that it would be impossible for any one except tho rider to sny definitely whether a homo was pulled deliberately. Anyono might give an opinion. Joseph Griifin, a horse trainer of 20 years ox- perionce, said : I know tho plaintiff and have employed him to rido my horses. I havo watched his riding, and have nevor accn him do anything that is unfair in the saddle. I was present nt Caulfieid when the Victorian Club Handicap was being run. I trained Lord Hopetoun, who won. I watohed tho race. Tho plaintiff rode tho winner. I did not Rec him oatoh hold of tho bridle of The Magistrate. Before tho race I gavo Hayes cor- taiu instructions. Tho liorao was a terrible rogue, and a I thought ho mightstopat the post I told Hayes to give him a good thrashing. Hayes gavo him a " hiding " before the flag dropped. He had flogged him on tho belly, acro-s tho head and closed one of his eyes up with the whip. Blows across the head would havo tho offeot of keeping the horse in. I romomber the Alma Stakos. I was in a position to soe tho finish of that race. There were throe horso fighting it out — Patron, Som- niloriuist and Projectile. Hayes was on Patron. About 100 yards from homo they singled out. Projectilo and Somniloquist; were fighting it out, and Patron was about a length behind. Close on to the winning post Hayes's horso started to roll," and he bumped into Somniloquist. Patron won by a head. It was a hard fought race. 'I ho roll wus caused owing to the horse being distressed. In my opinion the bumpihg was purely nn accident. It is a usual thing for horses to roll when thoy arc distressed in a hard run race. I board ho one call out "Protest," On the samo day I was prosonfc at Caulfieid whou tho Oakleigh Plato was run, and saw tho finish of the race. Hayeu rode Gladstone. About 170 yards from homo Gladstone was lead ing and Prcmior tried to como up on the inside, when Gladstone rolled on to him. Hayes was then riding his horso very hard, and tho rolling caused Premier to drop out. Hayes did not pull tho horse. Lord Hopetoun won easily. I bricked Premier in this race, and desired him to win. I know Timotlieus. Ho was a very fractious horso. I know the horse Baltio, and do not think he is much good. Cross- examined by Mr. Purves : I don't know who owiih Sardo. I once owned the horse myself. "Barney" Allen owned tho horso when I bought it. Mr. Purves : Tho same crowd that were dis qualified for malpractices for tho running of Islander? — Yes. Mr. Duffy (In nn undertone to Mr. Purves) : Perhaps you were in tho " push." Mr. Purves : During tho case it has been sug gested that I own horses. That I don't miuu. But in this oaso of Islander I asked the witness whether the horso was disqualified, whother Levy was disqualified, and whother "Barney " Allen was disqualified. Mr. Duffy : You did not ; you made state ments as of facts. Mr. Purves : My learned friend, Mr. DufTy, says, ""Were you in that 'push?. You scorn to know all about it." Is your Houor going to allow that? I hnppontd to have been one of tho stewards thnt know something about the raco. I noted as I havo always noted. . His Honor : I think it Was only meant as a joke. Mr. Purves: It was not meant ns a joke, xour Honor does not hear everything that goes on down hero. His Honor : I am inclined to pass it over, hut if it. was said seriously I think Mr'. Duffy should withdraw and apologise for It. I am sure Mr, Duffy did not mean to suggest what Mr, Purves says. Mr. Duffy : My friend was attacking peoplo who were absent. 1 did not intend to suggest that he had been a partner of Mr. Levy's. I don't think ho was— so far as I know. Mr. Purvoi : Does your Honor permit tlmt? His Honor (warmly, to Mr. Duffy) : You must rosume your scat. That muRt bo withdrawn and apologised for. It to an open and deliberate In sult? Mr. Duffy : What was? His Honor : The manner of the remark was unmistakable, and it is not worthy of you, Mr. Dully. You must withdraw it. Mr. Duffy j I swear to your Honor I had no intention of imputing it. His Honor : That is all tho greater reason why you should apologise for and withdraw it. Mr. Duffy : If any human being in court drew tho deduction that I inoant aoriously to impute that my friend wab a partner of Mr. Levy', I withdraw entirely, aud I rogret that your Honor or anybody should thiuk so. His Honor : Very woll. Mr. Duffy : I took the opportunity of making that interruption, hecanso I thought my friend was attacking those persons cither of his own knowledge or from instructions without getting a statement from tho witness. It ia quite im proper of my learned friend to make observa tions about theso persons of his own knowledgo or from instructions. b Ilis Honor : It is nob wrong to state a noto rious fact, Mr, Purves asks, " Is that the same Levy nnd tho same Allan that were disqualified in coimection'wilh Islander? " Mr. Duffy : So far from its being notorious, I am told they wore not disqualified. His Honor : I am only assuming from what tlio witno.id says. He says they ware. Mr. Duffy : I would like to know now whether they were dkruaHSsd? "Witness : I said Levy was disqualified in connoctiou with tho Islnnder oase. Samuel M'Cardel, importer, said ho at tended races. . He saw the race at Epsom when Baltic ran. He was interested in tho race, and watched it very closely. Baltic was ridden right out. He had no ohanco whatovcr. Hayes rodo the horso for all ho was worth from start to finish. Gross-oxainined by Mr. Purves : He wan not a commission agent. Ho had £50 on Baltic. He had nevor spolcon to Hayes in his life. Thomas Hayes, publican, said ho wan no relative of tho plaintiff's. He was in tho habit of attonding raco meetings. He saw Baltio run at Epsom, nnd he had some monoy 011 tho horso. Ho thought he had a fair run for his money. Ho did not think there was any ground for saying that Kayos tried to lose the race. William Lang, who Baid ho had ownod. trained and riddon racehorses for 52 years, said ho saw Hayes rido in the Alma Stakes at Caul- field. Ho noticed that Patron rolled a bit at tho finish, but ho did not think it was caused by Hayes. It seemed to bo canoed by dis tress. Thero wns nothing to indicate that the horse was pulled over on to Somniloquist. He beard no cries of "Protest !" He also maw ; the Bay View Handicap run nt Williamstown. Tho turn of the course wns so sharp as to cause hordes to run out. When Hayes came round he hung out, hut it did not seem to be tho fault of the jockey. Ho saw no causo of complaint with Hayes's riding. Cross-examined by Mr. Purves: You have owned a good many horses ? — Yes, I have owned moro than you. (Laughter). And ridden for me? — No. For my father ?— Yos. . Oh, then, perhaps you will give mo an ex planation. I have often wanted to get it. How did you lose the raco ?— I won it. Tho second one ?— I didn't loso the scoond one either. I rodo for your father, and ho was to mako me a present. And he didn't. (Laughter.) ne didn't toll you deliberately tlmt you "pulled" his horse? — No he didn't, bcoauso be couldn't. Did you ever own Flying Jib ?— I.did. Did you pull Flying Jib ? — I did not. Were you disqualified for it 7 — I was not. Were you ever disqualified 7 — I was once, for entering a falso protost against George "Watson detrimental to his character. You made an assertion that was not truo ?— I mado an assertion that was true, And I after- wards proved it to tho satisfaction of the stewards, who removed the disqualification. And you woto proved to bo an honost man ?— On that occasion. (Laugh tor.) You don't moan that that was exceptional ?— No, .(Laughter.) Edward William Forwood, a legal manager, said ho saw Baltic run at. Epsom. He had some money on tho horse, aud wished him to win He watohed Baltic vory closely, and wns not dissatisfied with Hayes's riding. He thought ho lost his monoy honestly. He had nevor spoken to Hayes. Henry P. Sutton, secretary of tho Williams- town Racing Club, said ho know the plaintiff as n jockey and had scon him rido horses fre quently. He saw the Bay View Handicap, nnd watched the race closely. Arquebus ran wido at the turn of his own nocord. It would bo im possible to prevent a horse in Iuh position going out. Ho Rnw nothing to lead him to suppose that Arquebus wan lakon out by Hayes pur posely. IIo was a steward on that occasion. Henry Yeend, a trainer and rider of many years' cxporionco, said he saw tho Alma Stakes rim at Caulfieid. He saw Patron being ridden vigorously and rolling. His opinion was that tho bumping of Somniloquist was an Accident. Ho did not hear any criss of " Frotestl " Thomas M'GuimiosH, a carpenter, said he went to the races occasionally. He saw the Oakleigh Plate at CaulfiQld from the flat. Ho watched tho raco oloscly. Ho had Imokcd Gladstone, ridden by Hayes. Premier triod to come up on the inside, but it was impossible to get further than Gladstone's girths. Hayes was riding tho horse his hardest. Ho did not see Hayes do anything improper. Frank Muigrave, a trainer and rider of 12 yoniH' experience, said ho trained Timotlieus for tho raco at Epsom. He saw the race. Tho borec went wild, as ho always did, and bo was very difficult to ride. Robert Frascr, n horso owner and turf com mission agent, of 17 years' experience, said he snw tlx; Oakleigh Plate at Caulfieid. Gladstone rolled on to Premier by aceident, as he ap peared to be distressed. Harry Tfnyiiea, trainer of over 20 years' expe rience, said he saw Baltic run nt Epsom, and in his opinion he wns riddon right out. lie did not have a ghost of a chance. Ilonry Connelly, trainer of many years' expe rience, snid I10 know Timotlieus. He was a very wild jumper. Hugh F. Pearson, a jockey of 10 years' experi ence, said lie hud ridden Timothous over hurdles. In a race lie was a mad headed brute and took his jumps wildly. It took men to hold the horso while I10 was being mounted. At this stage Mr. Duffy said that ho hnd sevoral more witnesses to onli. Among them were some whoso evidence ns to the plaintiff's personal character might have to be dispensed witli in view of what had oome to light. There fore, if his Honor would adjourn, he would bo ablo to arrange what witnesses he would call and what he would not His Honor said he was anxious to get on with the case as quickly ns possible, with a view to getting it finished before Monday. Mr. Duffy replied that ho did not think tho case would be finished to-morrow (Friday.) His witnesses would occupy nearly the whole of tho day. His Honor asked the jury if they would bo propared to sit on Saturday. \- The jury expressed their preference to con tinue the oaso on Monday after the Friday adjournment. His Honor observed that this would neces sitate his adjourning the Criminal Court, at which he was appointed to preside on Monday. Tho case was thou adjourned until the follow ing morning at 10.30. 