BACK FROM THE GRAVE. CHAPTER I. My name is Bertha Adams, lam an orphan. Last birthday I was thirty-three years of age. By profession I am a governess, but at present I hold the responsible and enviable positson of companionto the hon. Mrs Hamlyn Vipont, relict of Colonel Vipont, 6th Dragoon Guards, killed in action in the last Afghan war. Standing hero before the mirror I see a re flection of myself-plain, small and unattrac tive.' That is the reason I suppose why the hon. Mrs Vipont selected me as her dame de compagnie, during her tour through the Aus tralian colonies with her son, who was suffer. ing, as I came to understand, from some shook, some mysterious sorrow that was wearing him away, and which his mother seemed to fear would gradually drive him to his grave. I had been a year with mother and son at the time this story opens. We had lingered out the autumn in Italy, bhut the letter ap peared to grow worse, and Mrs Vipont was advised to try a sea trip, and a season in New South Wales. The mother, although kind and open hearted, as arule, was-narosw- minded, proud, and, on occasions,' cruelly .selfish. It was plain to me that sao was terribly jealous of the influence ot dther women over the son she idolized. I had heard from time to time vague rumors of trouble that t ad come in connection with the hon. lady's last com panion.' If these were true, I had no reason to imagine that my company would bJcome dangeroue to him. It never appeared to me, however, that Edgar Vipont troublel him self about one woman especially. Though he seemed partial to the society of ladies and admired their beauty, heo was the same to all. He was a strange, wayward, inoomprehen stble young man to'me, was Edgar Vipont. So polite, so clever, and handsome, in spite of his illness; yet in ot her ways so un oivilistd. I was always reminded in my inter course with-him of the old proverb, "Scratch a Russian and you'll find him a Tartar," and I could have imagined him inquiring with the greatest solicitude if the cup of coffee in which he was secretly administering to you a dose of deadly poison-was sweet enough for your taste, and taking Infinite pains to make it so if it were not, smiling at you the while. The days went pleasantlybyin the etty of Sydney. Mrs Vipont rented a charming residence at Rose Bay, on the heights over looking the magnificent harbor;, and the place was made gay by constant company. Edgar Vipont would often pass whole day with us; but there were times when he would become morose, shut himself up in his room, and refuse to see anyone for a week to gether. Once as I was passing the door of' his private sitting room, during one of his melan choly depressions, I noticed, with surprise, it was standing wide open. I had never entered this apartment, for it was usually kept closed and looked. Woman .like, I pa used to glance over the luxurious furniture, when my gaze fell on the full length portrait that hung at the further extremity of it. It was the picture of a young and lovely woman, with a pale oval face, long dark hair, perfect features, and the most haunting, melancholy brown eyes I ever beheld. Those eyes seemed to fascinate me to suoh a degree that I was held spellbound to.the spot. They fixed themselves on mino with an expression of agonised appeal, as imtense and real as if they had been living eyes, out of which the soul looked for sympathy. A sudden noise proceeding from the inner room, broke the spell, and I fled to my room, like a guilty thief taken in the act. This incident happened just one month after our arrival in the colony, but as the weeks and months went by it faded from my mind alto gether. One wet chilly day in August, Mrs Vipont and I were alone together in her boudoir. I was reading one of George Eliot's delightful stories to her, while she reclined on a couch nearthe window, looking out at the moun tainous waves rolling inwards at the Heads. While I read the door opened, and Edgar Vipont entered. There was a careworn look on his pale face which was most distressing to behold. "Good inorning, mother," he said in a quiet tone, laying a splendid bouquet of flowers on the table beside her sofa. " Good morning, Miss Adams," and he bowed to me with his usual ceremonious politeness. "I have brought you these flowers. See, the samellias are finer than I ever. remember to have seen them in Europe, and the violets - " "Ah, delightful," cried the aristocratio dame, kissing her son and inhaling the per fame of the rich purple flowers. "What taste you have, Edgar. No one could have arranged this bouquet as you have. How are you this morning, my son " she added, with an anxious look at his handsome face. Edgar Vipont laid his hand on his breast. " Ifeel wearied, mother; but I have nothing new to complain of. Want of sleep, want of rest, is my great ailment; and neither Dr. Martin nor Bernhardt-no, nor your own famous Italian medico, iesalino, seem able to help me there." And he raised his slender, wasted hand to his head. The lady looked at him with all the mother in her gaze. "Tell me, is your rest as dis turbed as ever ?" she asked anxiously. " Yes," he replied, "either I do not sleep at all at night, or, to speak more plainly, be come acutely, painfully wakeful, whep even ing falls, and other more fortunate mortals are sunk in quiet slumber; or my sleep is filled with dreams, which, though I cannot recall them when I wake, are, I feel sensible, so full of suffering, and a nameless horror to me, that they wear me far more than mere wakefulness would do," and be paused and sighed deeply. Then suddenly raising him self, said in a most eager tone, "By the way, ma more, guess who is in Sydney?" SWho is it, Edgar? Any of our English friends 2" "Aye, some one I met at the Bartone last night. Come, guess." *'I cannot; pray tell me," replied Mrs Vipont. "' He remembers you years ago, mother, before you were married, when you were Helen Fortesoae and the belle of the London season." cried Edgar warmly. "I told him you were still bseautiful, in spite of your forty tie vears, and asked him to come to us to nightin a friendly way. You do not receive to-night, ma mere P" "No, not tonight. my child: Only the sisters Clara and Ada Pollitt are likely to call. Bnt who is this old friend P" "None other than the eminent psycholo gist, Professor Huh Drayton, the illustrious savant, of whom all the world is talking." I noticed Mrs Vipont's slender fingers tighten on the back of the sofa as her son uttered the name. "Yes, yes, I remember him.'" she oiled. "A wonderful man, but he has the reputation of being a magician-a what.do-yonu- callUt in these days, Edgar ? And now-" "Now he lays claim to a knowledge of the hidden and mysterious powers of nature, I believe," he answered. "Last night we talked together a great dealon occultmatters, and he told me some marvellous experiences he has been through while travellinginNew Zealand and other places; stranger, indeed. and more marvellous than those of Homo and his school, though the Professor himself die; claims an iuteroourse with, or bsllef in, any supermandanepowers you know." 'No doubt. The Professor is a strange being. WVounldyou credit the fact that this same Hugh Drayton foretold to me in' my youth much that has since come to pass? could the hidden powers, as you call them, enable hitm to do that I" "I do not know, mother," he replied, rising, and lookins intently her, for she had become very pale. "\Vhatsaye Mise Adams P" and he turned towards me. The question made me laugh; It wasnot poslble to find a more matter.offactpersoou than smysoelf. I felt totally void of imagination, and was never troubled with a reverie or a day dream in my life. I had no belief vwhat ever either in Ilr Rlame's spiritual mission or In Professor Drayton's secret powers-no moro than I had in our old English legends of ghosts, Scotch tales of pixies, or Irish banshees. So I shook my head incredulously. " I fear that I am one of little faith, Mr Vipont," I. said. " Your old friend the savant, would find me a very stiff-necked heretic, I fancy, and hard to convert to his views." "Have you aver studied the subject?" asked Edgar Vipont. "No," I admitted. "I should not think of studying t seriously any more than I should attempt to practice astrology or magic. "Our race are famed for being the most practical people on the face of the globe. Per haps you would not be so credulous, Miss Adams, if you had seen what I have among a sect you designate Mad Spiritualists. You smile." "Pardon me, sir, but only think of all the shameful exposures of those so-called mediums that have taken place both on the continent of Europe and in England. Do they not shake your faith P", " Not so," answered he, with some anima tion. ' "In all trades there are humbugs, Miss Adams, but that does not hinder their being a residuum of honest men among them, I trust. . Look at Mesmerism ; no one doubts the truth of the phenomena now, though for a tinme'the crowd of charlatans who arose as followers of Mesmer cast discredit on what is now universally admitted to be one of the most inexplicable of physical phenomena." "True, sir, but- " "Well, well," interrupted he, smiling, "Professor Drayton will be here this even ing, and perhaps he will give us a sample of his powers. Would it try your nerves much, mother, or your's, Miss Adams ?" M?rs Vipont hesitated, but I gave a most decided reply in the negative. By and bye mother.and son began to con. verse in low tones, and I saw her lace grow troubled and almost stern, whilst his filled with a grave earnestness. Seizing on the first pretext for escape, I rose and left the room. As I was going these words fromMrs Vipont fell on my ear. " Can you not for get, even now, Edgar ? She is not dead-sbe has left you. She has forgotten you. Come' my son, do not forget that you are a Vipont." And then the door closed behini me, and I sped swiftly along the corridor to my own apartment. CA'n II............ As I stood before my dressing table arranging my toilet, previous to going down tp Mrs Vipont's room that evening, ily eyes rested on something that lay sparkling on the carpet behind me, being reflected in the mirror. I turned and observed, between the wainscotting of the room and the wall, an object which glittered like a small star. I stooped, picked it up, and brought it to the light. It was a plain gold locket, set with a. single diamond of great brilliancy. Inside there was a curl of dark hair, and a small portrait-the same fascinatinu face, with the sad, imploring eyes, which had held me spell. bound at the threshold of Edgar Vipont's private room. At that moment a strange, feeling of fear cameover me, and I- looked round, half ex pecting to: encounter the original, an idea that made me laugh heartily the next moment. To whom could the locket belongP I examined it long and carefully by the gas light, and then stood lost in thought before the fire, from which I was suddenly roused by the ringing of KMrs Vipont's bell. Hastily slioping the trinket into my pocket, I hur-. ried down to her. I found her dressed in black velvet, delicate lace and pearls, and who wanted me to do a dozen little nothings for her. She was seated before the fire with with the two Miss Pollitts-the elder a stout apathetic lady of thirty, the other a tall, t jolly, and strong-minded person, two years younger, with spectacles on her nose, and a decided tendency towards the masculine in t her attire. The Professor had not yet ar rived. They were talking about him as I entered, Stella Pollitt, the elder, deriding the secret force theory, and she of the spectacles urging that such. nonsense should be taken in hand and put down by the church. In a few moments the door opened and Professor Drayton entered, and I for one was forcedto confess that his appearance, at any rate, inspired contidence and respect. He was a fine looking man of five and fifty, with a close shaven, well-featured face, and a pair of small, peering hazel eyes that seemed to look one through and through. Wewore introduced to himoneafter another, and he then immediately fell into talk with Mrs Vipont, her son, and Dora Pollitt, whilst land Miss Pollitt sat by listening. "Well, but tell us, dear Professor," said Mrs Vipont after an animated discussion, "Is there any one of un who you think would be particularly sensltive to this strange force, call it what you will ?" The visitor looked round' and smiled. " You, at least, Mrs Vipont, are scarcely to 7 be called sensitive, and my young friend, v Edgar, quite the reverse. MisaPollitt," and a he bowed to the lady in spectacles, "would prove too mdch for it; but stay, this young lady," and he looked at me attentively, " is, t I should say, decidedly a sensitive, as I call it." " I, sir? Impossib!o," cried I, laughing. "\VWhat, Miss Adams !" they all exclaimed. " Why, she is an utter unbeliever in every thing, and practical almost to heresy," added Edgar Vipont. Professor Drayton remained unmoved, and still kept his eyes on me with a searchinge gaze which made me feel very uncomfort able. - "In spite of what you aver to the con- - c trary, I feel certain that Miss Adams is very a alive to and essily affocted by the power I II believe in," he returned. "May I test '1 you?" he asked, suddenly approaching me. I For the life of me, much as I should have preferred, I could not say No, but gave my h consent at once. ly the Professor's direc tions the doors were fastened, the lichtse i lowered, and we sat in a circle, I being exactly opposite to hilm. He placed some- b thing, a piece of metal in my hand and bade it me look at it steadily. ' His yco exercised v an extraordinary influence over me and I obeyed, and for a few minutes a deep silence 1' reigned in the apartment. • Istarted. Had I been sleeping ? What lhad happened to me ?' I felt as if I had passed thronugh a period of unconsciousness, and had suddenly awakened with quickened senses in another world. A world which seemed to centre in the presence o ,o one being-end that being was Professor Drayton. His pieroi.g glance fell full into mine with a blazing tirumphant expression as holaid his hand on my forehead and said, t " See."' I shuddered and looked around. We wereno longer in the room; beside the Pro fessor, almost touching him, stool a figure onveloped in white drapery from head to foot, and from whom there emanated an in describable odor. I saw Mrs Vipont shiver' and turn pale, a her son looked ghantly. Stella Pollitt stood I silent, almost appalled, while the younger salster crouched down beside her trembling visibly, and holding the elder sister's hand as if for protection. I hoard the Professor muttering to him- i self, of which the words, "peculiar" and a "strange " only caught my oars. •.'I. " What du you see, ltes Adams 1'" he enquired presently. t 1 struggled to speak,' my vocal powers aemedt numbed: then in a voice strange and hollow, that startled those who were listehing. I answered- ' ., " I see a form, tall, white; standing beside la you," and I pointed my fingers towards t it. ' ")Do*oribe it further," replied the Pro- I feseor. , o " I cannot see the fato,' I answered. " It is covered by a white drapery." "Tell the being you see to raise the drapery." I obeyed, and slowly the figure raised a long white hand, and removed the folds that hid the face from my view. As it dlid so a t nameless terror seized me, and I fancy con. I vunlsed me, for I remenomber, hearing Mrs I Vlpou't cry out- '''''' VProfseor Drayton, she is ill. Pray rouse her," And then I was quiet again, yet I recognised the face at once. It was the origlnalof the porirait I had seen in Edgar Vipont's room. "Describe what you see," comnranded the Professor again. " A woman," I murmured, " young, dark very pale, brown eyes, long black hair,, very sad expression." - " Stop her, for meapy's sake ! " cried Mrs Vipont, starting forward, for. her. son had sannk on the sofa insensible, whilst the sisters wore attempting to open. the dpor in terror. The seancewas at an end. Ina few moments I was restored to my normal condition. The hostess and her visitors, assisted by some of the servants who had been summoned, busied themselves in restoring Edgar Vipont to• consciousness, and he was carried to his avartments, deeply affected by what had transpired. As our visitors were leaving, Professor Drayton, who had been attending upon the invalid, approached-and said, " Ladies, let me ask you a question. Had any of you a look of hair or a souvenir of friend or relation deceased about you this evening ?" They all replied in the negative, and T did the same, totally forgetting thatinmypocket lay the locket I had found in my bedroom. The Professor appeared puzzled. " Well, ladies," he said,,'tI am really at a loss t so count for the strange odour which was per ceptible in this room an hour ago." -""We all perceived it,' answered the younger Miss Pollitt, pushing up her spec tacles to look at him. " Indeed, Professor, you are a wonderful man, and Miss Adams is an excellent subject. Do you feel alarmed br fatigued " she added, turning to me. " Io, only a little dazed, but I confess I am in no small measure shocked," I replied. "I did not expect or desire to find myself so alive to the secret powers,whatever they may be; " and I tried to laugh, but shuddered in stead, as I Oaught the Professor's full round eye fixed on me. "You must have a strong rapport with the spirit,or being' or power you saw this evening, Miss Adams." said he. "If you should at any future time see it aseain, will you write and toell ,ne the particulars of your ex. porience ". "Se itagain !" I uttered. in a horrified tone. "Nay, I trust not ! bat if I do." I added hastily, "I will do as you desire." For the spell he had exercised over me was not yet quite dispelled. Our visitorsdeparted, and we were alone that is Mrs 'Vipont and i. She was silent, embarrassed, almost stern in her manner, as I attended her at her toilet. It was my duty to read her to sleep, but on this night she dismissed me with a curt " Good night." As I was about to close the door of the bed room I chanced to put my hand in my pocket for my handkerchief, when my fingers came in contact with the locket. Strange, indeed, I should have forgotten it after the query of the Professor. I reclosed theo door, and approached the bed. " Madame, I have something to say a confession .to make," I said. Mrs Vipont looked at me with a smile of languid enquiry. " What have you to say, bliss Adams P" " Do you remember, when ProfessorDray ton asked if any of us held anything that had belonged to a deceased friend or relative? " "Perfectly," she answered with interest, and sitting up. "VWell?P" "I had forgotten that I had this in my pocket, when he put the question," and I put the locket in her hand. She gave a sudden cry, of pain as if the thing had been a deadly snake and had stung her. " Where did you get this ? " she demanded fiercely, and olutohing me by the wrist so tightly that the pain made me gasp. "Madam, I picked up that locket in my bedroom this evening, just before I came down to you. 1 put it hastily in my pocket when your bell rang, and the fact of its being there has been called to my mind only this moment." She looked at me dubiously. " Miss Adams, you know my son is very ill," she said, after a pause, in which she had turned the unfortunate locket round in her trembling hands. "Will yo promise meme one thing?" S- " What shall I promise" " "That you will never mention the exist ence of this trinket to my son." ' Ipromise." " It would surely kill him," I heard her murmur in a trembling tone. Then she dis missed me, and I was glad to retire to the quiet of my own room to think over the events of the evening. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 