THE STORY OF A DIAMOND NECKLACE. . Vienna jewellers, according to the corres pondent: of a Londou paper, are losing their reputation for caution. A well-dressed young gentleman lately entered the shop of Mr. X_, introduced himself as Count O., and ex-! pressed his wish to see the head of the linn for the purpose, he said, of ordering a diamond necklace. Mr. X. very soon came down, his face one vast, substantial smile, and, in words "sweet as honey from his lips distilled,"' signified his readiness to do the will of his distinguished visitor. "I want a diamond necklace," was the reply ; "bub the very best you have." "We have none but the best, count; but, as taste3 differ, you shall see all we have here how, and can choose the one that pleases you moat." The count greatly admired the display, carefully examined the necklaces, stone for stone, then stepped back a few paces and viewed each one apart; and, after a long hour's in spection, said:—"These three strike my fancy with equal force, bub I only require one. I cannot ohoose between them. I will certainly take one of them, but I think I must leave the choice to the lady herself. Her name is no doubt fa miliar to your ears—Miss W.and he mentioned the name of one of the best opera singers in Austria and in Central Europe. Familiar!" replied the head of the firm; T should think it waB-1 She is one of our very best customers." Well, I want you to send these three necklaces to the lady, and I will look in here to morrow and pay the bill. She will have made her choice by that time." Herr A. pondered a few moments over the whole transaction before carrying out the in structions. Everything, however, seemed in perfeob order. The young man belonged to one of the very best and richest families in the monarchy—provided, of course, that the name he had given really belonged to him. Nobody knew the memhers of the family by sight; but then their .palace was not far off, and—but no, there was no need sending over to make en quiries, and there might be some incon venience, as the young man might possibly like to keep the transaction to himself. The jeweller waited upon Fraulein XV., who though unacquainted with the donor, whom she.had only vaguely heard of as a patron of the opera, was not amazed at a generosity which she had experienced in one form or another from other strangers. Besides the count had told the jeweller that he would be present when the lady made her choice. Accordingly the jeweller invited a carelul inspection of the three necklaces, pointed out the beauties of each, and laid special stress on the beat of the three, which,, of course, was the most expensive of the lot. Half an hour passed, in this way, but the young count failed to pub in an appearance. ''What do you intend to do asked Fraulein W. at length. "Well, I suppose it is useless to wait any longer. I confide the three necklaces to your safe keeping, Fraulein; I know they will be as well looked after here as at our shop. And, when Count O. does call, and you have seleoted one of them, he will come no us and Bettle up." Herr X. had nob left the saloon a quarter ot an hour when the young man who called him self Count O, ruehed breathless into the room and vehemently demanded the three diamond neekiaces. " The jeweller, Herr X.," he said, " has sent me this moment to say that they were left here by mistake—a mistake which he deeply regrets and apologises for." In reply to the lady's questions he further ex plained • that the count's instructions had been misunderstood. He wanted the necklace for Miss B., who lived in the same house aB Miss W., only one story higher, and a mis take had been made in the names. The lady was not in the least surprised. " So this is the. solution of the mystery. Yes; I was thinking myself that there must be some mis take, else the count would have called here long ago." And she handed him the precious parcel. Next morning the . jeweller called, . and opened the conversation with the poser—" Well, Fraulein, I hope you have followed my advice, and chosen the necklace I recommended ? Ibis by far the best of the three; and, as for the stones, I can assure .you that Princess P., when she saw them a few weeks ago " "Bub you seem to be in a very jocular mood this morning, Herr X. I don't quite eee, though, where the joke comes in. Yon know as well as I do that' the necklace was for Fraulein B. upstairs, [and your shop man tcok it to her last night." "What, in Heaven's! name, do you mean? Where are my ^diamond neekiaces ?" And Herr X. was as pale as a ghost as he asked the question. Suddenly, turning to the diva, he said— "Fraulein, will you kindly accompany me at once to the shop? I want you to tell the story that you have just narrated to the police, and to put them on the track of the scoundrel at once. It may yet be possible to recover the property; but we must, be very quick." Miss W. ungraciously signified her assent, and the hair hurried off to the shop with feelings too stormy for words. Herr X. opened the door, which set a number of electric bells ringing, and, to his utter" Btupefaction, beheld the "swindler " standing at the counter with some necklaces displayed before him. The j jeweller pounced upon him as a tiger upon its prey, but the young man smilingly pointed to the precious stones and said : "There are your necklaces. Now listen r" "You, sir, are a——.'" "Now, do be calm, please, and let me finish what I have to say ; then you may'talk as much as you like." " Count O.!" "That's me ; and I have come to compensate you for the little joke I perpetrated. The fact is, I made a bet with Count S. that I Would go to the besb firm of jewellers in Vienna and deprive them of the possession of a lot of jewellery for at least one night—of couree solely for the pur pose of winning the wager. I have now scored a brilliant snccesB and won the stakes. It only remains for me to express my profound thanks to Fraulein W., who so ably, if involuntarily, seconded my efforts." And the connt selected, not indeed a diamond necklace, but a magnifi cent bracelet, and requested Fraulein W. to honor him by wearing it as a souvenir of the ourious incident in whioh she had played such a prominent part. The jeweller, relieved on recovering his diamonds, was perfectly pacified by the sale of the costly bracelet and the promise of the count's future custom. The young man himself, in addition to his satisfac tion at having won th'e extraordinary bet, had reason to congratulate himself on the fortunate circumstance that the police did not get wind of his doings until they were known to be a mere practical joke. 