AN AUSTRALIAN STORY; ICOPEIlIGHT.j WHO IS HE ? OR The Mian Matiatma Australia. ID f f i d '' A N A U S T R A L I A N S T O R Y I OF THE ti • r ~ Natural & Supernatural, CHAPTER IX. AUCE BABTOX'S MAKEIAGE. EY KEXNETK HAMILTON M.D., F.R.C.S. ' So the eve of my -wedding-day arrived, and I sought my own dear haunt by the river where so many maiden hours had been passed in childhood delight in the mere fact of living-, sought this time with a sore and rebellious heart. I sat gazing at the swift flowing river thinking how clear and calm the depths looked, and how sweet a rest I should find there were it not for tlie pain it -would cause my dearest mother, also faintly the sense of wrong with which one regards the wrenching aside the awful veil of the future life. No, no, I thought, I am young .and strong ; other ".veinen have borne, I will .bear; other women Irive conquered, I will m conqucr. Ah, perchance the Mighty Creator •will use me as an instrument to sof ten his nature and to curb and save this evil man. Truly that will be something to live for— something to wait and hope for. Mother Bays happiness is not the end of life, nor is it given to the greatest,, the purest, or the holiest, to have had a happy life. What am I that I • should demand it ? I will be brave and take , what has been forced 011 me in the best way il can, and God will help me. Bat, oh it is |hard not to have a scrap of love even to begin 'with; and womanly tears began to flow when "Alice, Alice!" called out my future owner, and forthwith my sacred place was invaded to my consternation. He had evidently been drinking, but not sufficiently to rub olf all the veneer with which he had overlaid his real character during the past three weeks. He approached qiSetly and attempted to throw his arm about my waist, but I eluded the familiarity. " Alice, dear," said lie, " to-morrow will sec the consummation of our happiness. Do you anticipate it as I do, I wonder. Of course you know I am not a saint; but, at any rate, there are sinners as bad as I am." I replied as kindly as I could that there •were plenty of men who could hardly be regarded as saints, though I had had very little experience of men either saints or sinners. This rather tickled his fancy, and he told me with a laugh that his experience of the other sex was a little more extensive than mine was of his. " I have no doubt," he continued, "that b you and I shall jog along as comfortably as other married folk. We shall both have to give and take, but if you don't look too closely m at my faults—I suppose I have them like r other people—I'll promise not to hunt out •yours. Taking everything into account it is m 1 sensible way to commence married life. I a don't think I have gained what people talk R so much about—your woman's heart—but, at k all events, lam sure of your woman's fidelity. Is there no chance of gaining anything more i than that, Alice dear?" he whispered, and again attempted to come closer to me. What was it that held me back then? Perhaps it was wilfulness. Perhaps it was a pity that I was held back ? Perhaps—but no. There was no response in my heart to his soft, whispered words, and I had not learned to be 1\. hypocrite. I was silent. The man then showed his real character. He got up from where ho had thrown himself by my side, and, with a course laugh, eaid: " All right, my bonnie wife, that is to be ; my innings will come some time or or other. Utfow, I will leave you to your reveries." Had I done right? that was the question. I had seriously debated whether at the last moment I should not defy consequences and irefuse to sacrifice myself. Now, I had thrown down the glove perhaps prematurely. It was a difficult position for a young and Inexperienced girl, and I thought myself ungenerous. Want of generosity, I think, is not a failing of mine, and the feeling that I had treated badly the man who had a right, perhaps, to expect some return to liis advances, did much to reconcile me to the ordeal of the morrow. 2 remained a long time alone with my own thoughts after he had gone. The troubles of my past life—short as it was—crowded on my memory, but the future had little of promise. Was it always to be like this ? Was life nothing but a wearisome change from bad to worse? Where were the recompenses ? It was a wearied woman, no longer a lighthearted girl, who retraced weary steps to the house that night, having buried all the girlish hopes, and lodgings in a crave by the river— the river, my childish play-mate, my girlhoods' friend—the laughing, smiling river. . Many a sad day e'er I saw my river again, and how changed then was I from the girl •who said a sad farewell on her wedding eve! Yet all through the river flowed on and on unchanged. ; Not to linger over this wrenching asunder of home ties^ the fateful day saw me the wife of George Barton, but pale, hcart-stricken, still brave for my own mother's sake. She, dear soul, in silver grey and dainty lace, looking fragile and sad, and my grim father •with his blustering waysand loud voice— " Now then, Aqnes, no vh imperial*. Mrs. Barton wants something to eat, so lead the way with the parson and the jolly young people can follow whilst I bring up the rear, eh, parkin? I know you're hunory—look it, poor devil. Eh—what! don't know the devil! Well, my dear sir, I do ; met him in India where he took the name of Nana Sallib and disappeared in brimstone and blue blazes. By Jove, it's a fact, sir. Saw him him myaelf—in fact was drinking brandy pawnee." So he rattled on in his usual overbearing style in great good humor at having gained his point, for we were to live for a time at least on an estate hi; had recently purchased In Akaroa. We went over to Melbourne for a month, and returned to take my mother lis for a visit to New Zealand. with } The six months tliat followed were indeed delightful, as my darling mother remained tlie whole of that time quietly with me in lovely Akaroa before my father saw fit to recall her home in such a peremptory style there was no eluding the command. that Ijong before this George had thrown aside the olight reserve that he assumed during the i first months of oui- married life and showed I more of that reckless disregard of all and 1 everyone save himself that afterwards ruined' 1 not only our married life but also every chance (of his own life ; and the parting with my j mother was in conseqnenoe full of bitterness sto lier, for the absolute knowledge that she Ueft the one dearest on earth* to her in the ^care of a man who regarded all women as j merely tho slavish creatures created for the ^UHffisement a'iid use of man. . The day before mother received the lotto rom father, as we returned from a sail in the harbor, (George had purchased a yacht tho irst tiling after we came to our own home) and were walking quickly over the lawn n front of the drawing-room windows, a ark, swarthy man peered out of the lilac bushes on my right hand, and, walking or rather gliding swiftly up to my mother, 6aid : " l«mir husband, madam, requires you." " How?" said she in astonishment. " I kuow," lie replied, with a singular smile. " I know, as I know many things—and more—I know that ho will shortly meet his fate. Should I tell you ? A dreadful fate it will be, but he brought it 0:1 himself. It is Karma, and that no one can avoid. Just as the tiny stone thrown into the immensity of the ocean sends a thrill throughout all its measureless volume, acting on every land, and perhaps re-acting throughout the whole miivei.se ; so our every action, however trivial we may suppose it to be, has its defined consequences and results. His acts, you know, have not been those the consequences of which he could anticipate without apprehension." " What do you mean ?" said poor mother, with mingled fear and perplexity. But heVas silent—only the same smila remained on his calm, unmoved face. "Mis, mm! Who are you!" I cried, " daring to terrify one so frail e.s my mother. You cannot know. We do not live in the days of prophesy and witclu-raft!" Nay, f;:ir lily, not so fast; you have yourself the gift of prophesy, the gift of clairvoyance and the gifts that belong to witehes I shall bestow 0:1 you if you will. I have the power, and more than that look steadfastly at me till I leave you." So saying he waved his hands twice over head and I became rigid and intent, when, marvellous to state, I saw only a clouJ of white vapor, which seemed slowly to glide before this dread man, with his pieivingeyes. and when in a few seconds it had clcared away, lie, too, had disappeared although all around us was bright sunlight and the smooth expanse of the lawn which no ouc could cross without being seen by both of us. So we stared into each other's faccs, half dead with fear; the air was suddenly filled with the sound of laughter, and a voice from besidp us exclaimed— Daughter of earth, the Indian holds many secrets in his breast, the result of many lives ; and the astral body is not as the earthly body. Seek for yourself the knowledge of which I speak." Fainter and fainter -the concluding sentences, and in a few minufc-s all v, as still. Too terrified to speak, we grasped hands and fled through the drawiug- room window. " Hallo !" said George from where I10 was lying stretched full length on the sofa. "Hallo, what the deuce is up now? You women look as if you'd seen Lady Macbeth's own special ghost." " Oh, George, such a dreadful ma.11 in the garden—an Indian—and I believe he's the same who came to our house in Tasmania the year poor Will ran off to Melbourne ;" and thereupon began a duet between my mother and mc as wc tried to relate the wonderful thin" to George. He sat up and said : "l?hcw ! By Jingo, tho same old card who told me I should soon bo his, though how 1 cannot say. Certainly lie's a rum specimen —u-^h! (looking round) I feel as if the eggar was hero now." A soft sigh from the corner by the piano ade us all three turn towards that part of oom, when a sardonic laugh and — " Good-night, my frien ls, remember the agic of India is not dead or impotent so long s licr sons live on the face of the earth. est. I go now. When next I come you will now more. Good-night." For onc-c George threw his arm around n a kindly way. me " Awful, old girl, isn'tit? If that fellow's not the devil himself he is his chief officer. No wonder you both look scared. By Jove, I'll have to take a glass of brandy myself before I get the sound of it out of my cars." After this mother was in a continual fright and worry, so obeyed my father's summons home all the more readily, for she was a woman whoso watch-word was " duty," and well did she carry it out to the end. Two years passed over in utter misery and constant humiliation for me. Drinking, swearing, gambling, .racing—fast iu every way, George led the life he loved best, and soon got through what money ho had from his father. Often after a few weeks spent in Auckland or Dunedin he would come homi bringing a troop of men and fast women and order me to be civil and entertain them well. _ Lathing my __ work I was forced to be coldly polite to people whom I despised and j detested, brought, as they were, by my own j husband to my own home. Reasoning and expostulation he never listened to. " Madam, am I master here or not ? J do as I like, and the sooner you know it the better—no matter what you think. Who cares ? Get out if it doesn't please you'." Awful as this all is, many a tune had I sully my ears listening to what was a thou- sand degrees worse, or to put up with his; equally degrading caresses when he was] pleased to "be inVhat ho called "the deuce' of a good temper;" but I could generally, I found by this time, get rid of liim by writing a cheque and persuading him (not much per-I suasion needed) to go and enjoy the races or any other festivity of which I chanced to hear, and then a few days or perhaps weeks helped me to bear a life almost unbearable and growing daily worse. This spring a hope came to mo long a sweet wee form would lie in my to that before arms; little arms would twine round my neck and soft wee lips be pressed to mine. Oil, holiest joy of motherhood! how wondcrfnl thou art! ' What can compare with tlice! Thus the Catholic church makes the mother-licart of Mary the fount of all love and pity, for she knew the joys and trials of a woman. Yet even this did not soften George, and his treatment of mo became more and more brutal. Well do I remember his cruel hands wrenching my hair, his blows, curses andeven kicks. Some six weeks before the birth of my child I was very ill and had to call in tlie doctor, whose kind care cot 111c round and whose sympathetic voice aud kindly advice were to me at that time and indeed ever since the greatest comfort I knew—tho only friend whom I dared trust with all the humiliating bitterness of my life. At last my lx-.by came—a crown of joy and delight. How I loved my sweet one. How I crushed his wee form against my heart in a passion of thanksgiving to God for so wonderful a gift. I knew my little one's thought —his wants—even before he was conscious of them himself, and for him I made a stand, that all his properly should not be spent in riotous living. Let me pass by that scene. My boy was but a few months old when his father insulted me and him with the last outrage, which a woman has to endure 011 earth ; but there his power exceeded its limit. I simply walked tomy room, and, taking my child in my arms, bade the nurse follow me to the principal hotel in Akaroa since the polluted house was no longcT fit for my babe, ami mc. A fortnight later George succeedcd in forcing an interview on me, when ho demanded a large sum of money at once, threatening- to kill me if I did not consent to give him what would ruin my child. Forfunately, Dr. Clarke was within hearing, having called to ascertain if he could servo 1110 in any matter. Iff came when I call-.-d, and Gcoree immediately and blankly consented to leave for Melbourne at once 011 the receipt of a cheque for Ll,0(JO, which I gave him. , "Good-bye, George," I said, holding out my hand. " Things might have been different if you had so willed. I havo been a good and faithful wife, and I do not forgot you are tho father of my boy. God grantyou may grow tired of evil and come home to us. athi-st. Good-bye." He turned and scowled, but never a word. Ilenco forward my life re.n smoothly. I had a few friends—my boohs, my piano, my paint-box, and last and chief-jut joy of all 1 had my blessed boy. 1 lis sweet voiee cheered me ; for him I g:-jw merry again; f-r I; I sancj and dance.l over the lnm.< > and lip ami down the garden paths. I was hi.-; companion and playmate ; his friend ami a.lvi.ver, later on, and he— Ah he was my inmost joy ! Infinitely more precious than my own life was this one which drjvr all its life from me, which wee; so fascinating in clinging, helple.-s d'.p-.-ndoiice 011 me— n;;y, I could not have lived had it not been iV.r the infinite delight anl care my boy \v.is to me. So God gives us woe.ien mot'ier-hcarts, ami in £he experience thus ge.ined teaches r.s His great truths and lessons and draws us ever upward and onward towards that spiritual life which so nearly surrounds us. I tried to learn all I could of that life so that I might be the more fitted to load and teach my son in all goodness, purity and holiness, and so the time passed on. My mother was now living with me. Dear soul, she had gone through mu.h. A few months after my GjoH'ry was born my father disappeared in a rno.-.t uncanny way. I had been on a visit io Tasmania ar.d was there at the time. An Indian hawk< r came one day and my father lifted his whip to strike him for daring to pester the hou;3 with his wares, when the Indian lifted his hand and uttered a sentence in a foreign language. My father looked scared a:id tun-oil away with a curse, and for snvrr.il days afterwards walked about' look in- half dazed,spoke gently even lovingly to rny mother, and one day, al'ter kissing her gently on tho check, saying : "Lie down and rest, Agnes wifie, while I 00 out with the dogs for a bit." lie went out, and though search was made far and near 110 one has ever heard of or seen him since. After waiting for nearly a year, hoping against hope, mother came over tome and my boy, and of all the households iu Akaroa ours was, I am sure, the most happy and restful, save when the memory of tho Indian's awful and mysterious words or the faint-echo of the ill-doings of the scape-grace husband arc wafted to us; no cloud dimmed our sky ; all was peaceful and calm, and I wondered and wondered how any woman could every deem the love of a man of any consequence, especially when she has so sweet a gift as a little Heaven-sent soul with its snowy purity to love and to train. So ends tin; first part of my story, common-place enough. Hundreds of girls marry without loving men whom they loathe in the intimacy of daily life ; hundreds of wives .arc ill treated ; hundreds deserted ; hundreds have baby boys or girls to love, and the common, every-day lot of womankind comes to them •and is a. crown of joy or a crown of thorns, and 110 one cares, for women bear and suiter ill silence—their time is not yet. I have said little about anything but the ciivunistances more intimately connccteil with my own life. I have said nothing of the death of tho old man, Barton, who, long before his death, recognised how l^ise and ruel lii.s son was and what a wretched sacri- fice had been made of me. Tlie old man died in my arms, blessing nie as his only comfort for years, and his last words were a whispered prayer for forgiveness. Ho had that forgiveness, and he knew that it was from my heart- I have said little of my poor brother who ran the race of wickedness and brought sorrow ar/l disgrace 011 ILS all. Sorrow and disrrace are not subjects we love to dwell on, and if they have to be painted it is not by the hand of one that has to bear the load. My share of sorrow was great, but the disgrace was not mine, though I shared in it. What a different world would it be if we were made responsible for the deeds of our own hand alone! CHAPTER 2. AIR I- CONTINUES 1IEE JTAEF.ATIVE. Tho years glided quietly by ; little or nothing occurred to disturb the even tenor of our way. Then my sweet mother went io her rest and her home, but she promised me she would always guard and watch over her child, which I know she does. Life became quieter, and would have been for m? infinitely lonely and sad had it not been for my bright boy, Geoffry, now twelveyears old ; so thoughtful and companionable ; so strong and so merry, and not the smallest of his virtues in his mother's eyes—the fact of his entire devotion to that mother. Boating, cricketing—whatever the amusement study it was with his mother as his companion. Often I wondered at my sense of freedom, and I thought that the long-ago comrade of my own childish days was again with me. My poor brother Will—no doubt dead long since in Victoria. I never could trace j him, and of late I did not stir in the matter j —selfishly, perhaps, fer.ring to hear of George, my husband. Dr. Clarke, my very good J friend and adviser, made inquiries quietly for me once or twice, but nothing came of it. "Let sleeping dogs lie," is a favorite phrase of the good doctor's, and maybe the were somewhat slack. I had crossed the ominous thirty or inquiries boundary when the whole of my life underwent a most thrilling change. It occurred in this wise : Wo lial returned from a visit to Christchurch and had brought a young friend of Geoffry's to spend a few weeks with us. Geoffry come to mc one day witlj! a request that I should go up tho mountains on a camping excursion, while he and his friend hunted all the wild things they could sec. I could not arrange it, not feeling well, and for some time refused him, but he coaxed and petted mo till at last I gave way a gainst my own judgment as Dr. Glark, his general companion, was unable to go with him 011 account of the expected arrival of a friend from the old country. " Good-bye, mother sweetest. I won't camp this time. We will wait till you conic heme—nothing perfect without you. I shall be home at eight to tea." " Good-bye, my son of sons. Lettiec will make your favorite cakes," I gaily answered my bright-faced lad. Alas! gazing casually out of the window up the mountain path about five o'clock I was startled at seeing a queer little procession slowly making its way down : first my boy's friend, Harry Halcomb, then two men carrying someone, followed by my boy's great dog, Bruno, with drooping head and tail. " Heavens, my boy is dead !" I screamed and flew up the path to meet them. Harry ran on. "Dear Mrs. Barton, Geoff, is hurt, but not dead," he called out. " Thank God!" I cried, my hands holdiug my heart tight. " Mother darling, don't cry. I'll soon be all right," whispered Geoff, as I took his hand and bent over liiin. " Ilush, my child ; do not speak. Mother will take care of you ." Twice ho fainted with agony before we got liim undressed ind laid in my largest room, for his leg was badly broken in two places and the pain was intense. Servants had gone flying for Dr. Clarke, and in a short time I heard some ono comb into the room where I was kneeling holding my darling's hands. W. H. 6 (TO BE CONTINUED.) 