? IT may" tei as welli, perhaps, while the Sme is still u3jjjpqf tune, to finish my RttiejBeriBCHQ; essay, or chat—which you will—on fhe" absurdity of betting on horse racing with a view oE making money, which I commenced last week. My contention then was that if the betting of a sum or sums which one can easily afford gives him increased pleasure at a race meeting, there is really no very valid objection to such wagering. It is probably better that money Bbould be wasted in that way than that it should be spent on whisky which one does not want, or on lunches and dinners which he is better without. For, in these latter cases, not only is money wasted, but actual injury is done the individual. As to the money spent on whisky there is no saying to what „evil consequences it may lead. A moment's reflection will prove the truth of these contentions. But such betting as I here refer to is a totally different thing to that of the man whose sole desire is to make money easily. As I pointed out last week, the man who wagers on horse racing for the purpose of making money is a greenhorn of the most verdant dye. If anyone should doubt this, let us just look at one or two of the most prominent races in the recent meeting at Flemington. First, let us take the most important event, the race for the Melbourne Cup. In connection with this event there was scarcely an owner, trainer, or jockey who had not invested a little on Ruenalf, and in some quarters the event was termed the Ruenalf Stakes. On the other hand, it is now known that Patron's legs were so bad that they had to be treated nightly with hot fomentations, and neither his owner, trainer, nor jockey had the slightest idea that the horse could win, and told their friends so. Yet, what do we find ? That the despised cripple, Patron, without a ghost of a show, wins easily, and the certain winner, Ruenalf, runs nowhere ! AGAIN, let us take the Oaks Stakes. Subsequent events have proved that the filly Quiver, which was greatly fancied for this event, would certainly have won it. What do we find, however ? Simply this, that, by some accident or other, she was left at the post and did not start. In view of facts like these, and they could be multiplied ad, infinitum, no sane man would contend that money is to be made by betting on horse racing. What with the fact that even the experts know really very little about the horses they train or see in training, and the possibilities of the animals being left at the post or being blocked in the race, no sensible man, after thinking the matter over, can arrive at any other conclusion but that no tipster or no system can have aught but the most ephemeral success. No, depend upon it, backing horses to make money is, to use the language of the turf, a " mug's " game. " FOB ways that are dark and tricks that are vain " we are told that" the heathen Chinee is peculiar." In some things, however, the bland and oily Celestial evinces a strong common sense. Thus, recently, at Ballarat I think, a patient who was being attended by a Chinese doctor died. As he had been taking some of the aforesaid doctor's prescriptions, a post mortem examination was made, when it came to light that, so far from having administered any deleterious drugs, the Ghinese doctor had simply given the patient a little liquorice water. In this way this heathen Chinee had carried out one of the canons of some of the very highest physicians the world has ever seen, this being simply that the wise doctor essays to amuse the patient, while nature affects the cure, and that the physician most to be condemned is the one who endeavours to interfere with nature's curative efforts. In view of these facts, who will say that despised Chinese doctor did not show the highest wisdom of all the schools. He amused the patient and took his pay, while nature did her work of kill or cure. That she was on the kill rather than on the cure was no fault of his. Probably all the medicine in the world would not have produced a different ending. In saying this, of course, I do not recommend either Chinese or European quacks. If one finds it necessary to go to a doctor, common sense suggests that he or she should consult an educated and intelligent physician, and not some ignorant charlatan. TRULY the vagaries of the law are past all finding out, yet we are gravely told by lawyers that common law is common sense. A case, however, came before the Supreme Court during the past week the common sense of which I find it difficult to perceive. Some fish salesmen returned in the invoice as sent to the persons who forwarded the fish statements that they had received lower priees than had been actually paid to them. They had been committed for trial, and when their case came before the Supreme Court it was contended that this was no offence against the public, but was a matter for civil action amongst the parties. I confess I see no difference in this case from that of a man who receives money for another and only hands over portion of it. Yet, in this latter case, he is held amenable to the criminal law for " larceny as a bailee." Nor do I see any great offence against the public on the part of the person who steals half-a-crown from his master's till. Yet the latter is regarded as a criminal act, and punished accordingly. The law is all right, I dare say, and the only thing at fault, probably, is my muddle-headedness in not being able to see some very clear differences. IN some parts of WeBtralia, as the great gold-producing colony of the west is now called, many of the refinements of civilisation are as yet wanting, and life is decidedly of the rough and ready order. The following rules and regulations are said to be in vogue in some of the so-called hotels, or are suggested as suitable, I really cannot make out which. However, here they are :— Rules and regulations Ujf this hotel. Board must be paid in advance; with beans 30s., without beans 25s. Salt free, no extras allowed; potatoes for dinner, pocketing at meals strictly forbidden. Gentlemen are expected to wash out of doors and find their own water; towel bags at the end of the house. Lodgers must find their own straw; beds on the bar-room floor reserved for regular customers. Persons sleeping in the barn are requested not to take off their boots. Lodgers must arise at 5 a.m.; in the barn 6 a.m. No fighting at table. Anyone violating the above rules will be shot.—PBOPBIECOB. "WHEBE did you go during the holidays ?" asked one friend of another. "We took a trip to the country." " Was it expensive ?" " Not very. We got a good deal for our money. My wife got the rheumatism, my boy Jim got his leg broke, and little Mary got typhoid, and all we paid was £1 a week apiece." Moral—There's no place like home, after all. TAPLBY. " MADAM, you said your son was a lawyer; has he had much practice J" " Why, yes, sir; he has a great practice —of smoking cigars," 