ELOODTIONART ENTER ', TALNMEJST. ^ MR. REEVES AT THE TOWN HALL. 1 ' Mr. Edwards Reeves, an Elocutionist who has achieved a high reputation in the other colonies, gave his first recital in the. Town Hall last night. There was a good attend ance, those present including His Excellency the Governor. Mr. Justice Stone, and Ladv Forrest. Mr. Reeves chose for his initial effort in this city, Charles Dickens' beauti ful story ' The Christmas Carol, ' so pathetically and powerfully tiold by the great novelist. , This ever delightful picture, so full of realism and , pathos, and yet aboundingin the transient humour 6f 'the great writer, was given with un doubted artistic ability by Mr. Reeves. The story of Scrooqe, and his encounters with the ghosts of phristtnastidp,; his determin ation that ' Christmas ? is .a humbug,' and his subsequent repentance and enjoyment of the' festive season, were graphically pour .trayea'by Mr. Reeves, and during the two ' hourfithat the recital lasted the interest of the audiences was fully sustained. Mr. Reeves is an elocutionist of power, and evi dent ability, and the fact that he gave the j whole story entirely from memory, without ' the aid of note or book, is a remarkable fact. j The recital was divided into five ' staves ' ' and Jlr. Reeves 'was particularly gdod in his descriptions of ' Old Fizziwig's Ball,' and ' Bob' Cratchett's Christinas Dinner,' the latter being brought out with a realism that was highly effective, and heartily ap- ; plsutled. - In the more pathetic passages, Mr. Reeves was also heard to advantage. Tlio dpflth of ' Poor Tinv Tim' was a masterly 'effort, while ' In the Rag Shop' was a clever distance of elocutionary power. The conclusion, with its bright and happy moral — so typical of Christmas— was given with fine dramatic effect, and the audience wentaway fully impressed with the moral teachings ? of the story.- Mr. Reeves' first appearance in this city' has been an undoubted success. His action is good, and he speaks with great distinctness ; every word was heard in , all parts of the hall. He was, however, suffering from a manifest disadvantage last night in not having a proper light upon his face during the recital. Tho footlights were only sufficient to throw 'shadows, on the reciter's features, and the ?benefit, of facial expression— which it was evident is one of Sir. Reeves' strong points —was almost entirely lost. We hope this . 'matter will be remedied at Mr. Beeves' future appearances. At the conclusion of the. recital, whichi-was much enjoyed, Mr. Reevefc was ? Tory -??'heartily ?? cheered. His ne^t recital takes place m Perth on Slouday \ evening. ' '?' '--??? 'i-- ?: ^ 