? i he Haunted Ship Josie Gunby and Her Swedish Mate, A. CRY OF "STAND FROM UNDER!" rhe Three Sailors Who Made un Unholy Compact -with Sat&n;, and How the Brightest'of the lot Outwitted Hli Satanic Majesty. The first of the yarns .here set out was told on shipboard- by a tar of the name of Kins, who said that once on a time he shipped op the good ship Josie Gnnby from New York to Valparaiso. She was laden with Yankee notions and had fair weather all the way, bnt the "goings on" on that vessel were something awful, according to King. The first thing of a mysterious nar fcuie that happened was known to King only and consisted of the bell ringing itself just as King was about to sonnd "eight bells." Bang was frightened, of course, but he couldn't get any one to believe his story. In fact, the boys guyed him unmercifully. A fortnight later, however, they all saw something terrible, and the first mate lost his life. The story in detail in the tar's own words and presented by the Atlanta Constitution runs as follows: "It was near the line. The Bea was as smooth as a duck pond Every rag o' canvas was set, but there wis hardly enough wind to keep them from flapping. .All-diiASadjaen, jnst as I was passing - under the mainyard, somebodyup aloft sungont,-*On deck there, stand from nnderl' The second mate had the watch and asked me who that was aloft. I told him I did not know, and he sent me up to see about it. I went, thinking some o' the boys was putting up a job on me and had gone aloft to get up another ghost story. Up I went to the maintop, but I could find nobody. I come down the ratlines four at a time. How I ever got down without falling is more'n_I can tell, 'cause I was that skeered I couldn't stop to think how I dun it. We woke the watch. The'second mate and everybody (me excepts ed, for one trip wgs enough) went aloft to see about it, and they didn't find nothing either. That kinder put them a-thinking, 'cause the mate swore he heard the same thing I did. Well, all next day both watches were cussing and discussing that sing out aloft, and the next night the port watch were laying for something too. Just exactly at the same time o' night that same thing sung out, 'On deck there, stand from under!' They searched aloft, but found no more'n what we did. That thing happened every night at the same time for nigh two weeks. By and by the first mate, a big, double jointed Swede, said he would find out about what it was or join tfie goonies trying. So the next night, just at the right time, all the watch were huddled together under the break o' the poop a-listening, and the same lonesome, skeery voice sung out, 'On deck there, stand from nnderl' The men were too skeered to breatlie hard, and that first mate was mighty nigh as bad, but he kinder squared hisself and roared out as loud as he could bawl: 'Let go, you son of a sea cook, let go. Come down on deck, you lubber, and exercise your lungs!' "Mates, I'm not given to Ij'ing, as von all know, and I ain't going to lie now, but so help my rheumatic bones if that thing didn't let go, and I thought that every spar on the mainmast had carried away at one time. Rattlety—bang—whiz— —whoop—and there struck on deck right side of that first mate a coffin just his size. We ran up to him just in time to see the coffin scoop him in and jump right over the side, first mate and all, nor did we eve* catch sight of them again. There weren't no more ghosts on that trip though." When King had finished this story there was general incredulity, and another sailor named Bednarsky was asked for a yarn. He told of three sailors (brothers) who were left without money in London. "One morning," said Bednarsky, "all of them were strolling down the street arm in arm wishing for a few cents to get an eye opener, having swollen heads from previous rapid existenca They came upon a nicely dressed man of middle age who accosted them, and after he had learned of their condition told them he was the devil, and that he could and would supply them all the money they wanted under one condition, which he explained as follows: " 'You may have all the money you can possibly dispose of. Put your hand in your pocket as often as you like for any amount, and it will always be there. At the end of three years, however, I demand your soul; but even then "if any one of you can wish me to do anything which I cannot perform yon shall be spared.' "It was agreed to by each one, andimine diately they were abounding in wealth. Shall I describe how that three years was spent? Ko, but suffice it to say that everspossible luxury that money could' obtain was indulged in. The three years flew by like a single day. The donor kept a strict account, however, and upon the proper day he called on the three brothers for an accounting. The first asked for the creation of a fall rigged ship and was gratified The second asked that his massive mansion be annihilated in thirty seconds, and this was done. "Both of them lost their souls, of course. "The third and youngest brother stiU held to his roaming life upon the sea, and at the expiration of the third year was on a pleasure trip in a magnificent yacht fax out at sea. He was not out of reach of the evil one, however, and was called upon to wish and die. He called the crew on deck and had a pump rigged amidships, with the suction pipe over one side of the vessel and the discharge pipe over the other, and demanded the devil to pump all the water from one side of the ship over to the other side. The devil looked puzzled, scratched his head THE EVIL ONE AT SEA. 