THE DAY OF REST. THE MANY MANSIONS OF THE SPIRITUAL REALM. freached in Bipon Cathedral on the second Sunday in 4dtwut» Bf OAN0N MALCOLJt MACCOLl*. "In my Father's house there an msny mansions: li It were not ao I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you."—St. John sir. 2. To-day we will consider the question of tho In termediate state and the condition of the a on! In the interval between death and the final Judgment. Whither does the soul go when It leaven the body, and What is its condition there! That the souls even of those who die in grace do not go straight to heaven—that la, into the immediate presence of Almighty God—'s evident from Holy Scripture, as ' we shall presently see; and our own reason suggests the same conclusion. Admission to the beatific vision at the moment of death would he impossible to all—probably even to the greatest saints —and, if possible, would be intolerable, bet lis remember how necessary pre vious preparation is for any sndden change, eTen in this life. The use of our bodily senses fs now bo natural to us that we forget the long and tedious apprenticeship through which we went in learning it: No one can become proficient in any trade or profession without passing through a period of training for it. N-ur can any one get used to strange society or (eel at home in it without s-ims previous education. A poasaot would feel uncom fortable and unhappy in a royal mansion If placed th-re without any experience of a kindred na'ure beforehand. A person taken from a higher social grade would feel more at borne and would learn more readily the manners of a court because his expeiience was not so dissimilar. ltemember that death makes no breach In the continuity of any life. Freedom from the limi'a tions and fetters of bodily life miy, indeed, stimu late and quicken the mental and moral powers, but the character will remain unchanged. Now if you try to realize who and vvll-t God is you will see how unreasonable it ie to suppose that even the holiest of creatures could be suddenly ushered Into Bis presence without overwhelming pain and confusion. The sight would be too much for endurance. Even the heathen felt this, and liavfl left us pome beautifnl legends to illns (rate the pain and pwrii of etuidon and un prepared contact between the huiuau nature and the divine^ And you remember how the mere re* flecion of (he divine glory on the face of Moses nude Hi • possible for (lie eyes of the children of Israel to endure the sight of if, What wonder when you think on Urn reality, of which the reflected gl« ry was so faint asliadow? Thogreat astronomer, Sir John Herechell, tells a story of the baneful effect of a sudden \isfon of surpnssing beauty on himself. One night as lie was scanning a«loodless sky with his Urge telescope the bright star ' Sirius, in all its splembur, Passed across the disc of his slsss, and the unexpected *ppa- ! rition of such unwonted beauty smote him | with such pain that he was obliged to with' draw liis eyes from the firmament to prevent bis fainting. Jf created beauty suddenly revealed can , have such overpowering effect, how could any human being endure, uitconsumed, the unveiled beauty of Him who is the uncivaUMl Rource of all that is beautiful and powerful and raaje-tic? Think of the wonders of even the small portion of the visible creation which is open to our view; how it everywhere bears innumerable traces of the Creator's j power, glory, m ijasty, skill, and, above all, perhaps, i of His love of beauty for its own ea*e. Evidence of power, indeed, there is evetywhere; in the tiniest blade of grass or the ripple that breaks upon the shore, as in the earthquake that over* whelms cities, or the tempest that casts its wrecks upon tbs beach. And the evidence of »k!ll through out creation is as conspicuous as the evidence of power. But neither the skill nor the power to which creation witnesses is a- impressive as the profusion with which the Almighty Mater has spread over all his works an endless and a bound* les* beauty. Doubtless much of thi< beauty Is intended forthe solace anddelifihtof man—perhaps, also, of some of -tho lower animals. But the greater part of it seems to have no other end than the pleasure of whim who made it. H»w exquisite is the beauty of ►hells! Yet what a minute fraction of the «hetU that line the shores and floors of seas and orenns are ever a* en by lite e> e of man 1 ; Consider, also, the numberless flowsrs that hud a"d hloum and perish unseen—not only their collective beauty iu tho mass, hut the inimitable beauty of each in every fibre aud petal. The telescope and the microscope have Bhown how infinite all this wealth of beauty is as well in its minuteness as in i*s magnitude. But more wonderful even than the prodigality of beauty of form I and colour which overspreads the wb"le of | nature is the myeteiioua beauty of innate. Myste rious indeed it is in every way In almost all sub stance-* t here is lodged a capacity for sound. Strike any solid thing, and in addition to the sound caused by the vibrating air you will have a note or key that belongs to the thing itself: or stretch any tensihl* thing, ana it will givo out a note pecnlUr to itself when it la sufficiently touched. The pipps in the organ simply yield up what their original substances contained Man . only develops what was within them; jmfc as the coal which U extracted from the b-wels of the earth, when set on fire* merely liberates the heat aud light which in tho forest it received from the sun. Various wooes yield various sounds, as the violinist knows. And here is also tho sound of falling or running water, of wind whittling or moaning through reeds and trees, of waves break ing on the tmr-n strand, of birds, and Insects, and animUs. Go back in creation as far as you like, to a hoary past when there was no ear to hear, and you find this capacity of sound in all material things: no music properly called, o9 yet, bat only a note ready to be brought out. and in the forming air a law of vibration ready to tara the notes into harmony, and finally the ear of man ready to catch the harmonies that bis skill evokes, and behind the car the rout enraptured by the con cord of tm>ai< at sounds. 80 that the earth may be considered as a vast harp strung with innumerable strings, silent but full of tuneful sounds, and need ing only the skill of man to bring them out. Now consider that all this wonderful abundance and variety of beauty of form and colour and e<>und are but an infinitesimal part of the visible creation, and that the visible creation itself is but a dim reflection of the glories which He behlud it. and then think what that Bain* must bo from whom it all came, and who sustains it from moment <0 moment, pervading every stnm of it with His pre cnce, yet absolutely separate from it; under ev*r>tblng, yet above all thing'. Iroa-gine, as far as human faculties can imagine, the awful glory, the incomrauuicable splendour, the dazzling, blinding beauty of 'such a Pre-ence, and then con ceive bow impossible it would he for even the holiest of human beingB to be usher, d, without due preparation, into the pres-nce-cbamber of the Great Beinu from whom all things proceed. " The outer darkno-,8," of. which our hnrd speaks, would be nothing in comparison with the scorching dark ness from overpowering light, with which the Beatific Vision would afflict eyes unprepared for its uncreated beauty, 80 miucli our own reason sngcests, and the Bible supplier various illustrations of it. When man 'ell he was driven out from direct Intercourse with his Maker, because in his fallen condition God would have been a consuming fire to him, When Moses beheld tue burning bush on Hnreband was about to examine the wonderful sight more clo-ely the Divine voice warned him off and bade him behave with reverence because the very precincts of tbe burning bu-h was " holy ground." And why did the bush! burn,' yet1 remain unconsumed, while Moses would bave been consumed bad he ap proached It? Because there was nothing in the bush.&ategqnt;*tta toth« will of God, whereas in the will of mortal jun. even at liis best, there Is an element of discord, something out ox tune with the will of God. ■ It wasdoubtless in roemoiy of this incident in bis' lite that Moses describes God as "a consuming fire."'a description which is repeated In ttie' New Testament, Nature, In all her aeries, obeys the will of Him who made her, and can therefore bear H e presence unconsumed. Not bo man. He mtiBt become pure in heart before he congee God.. 80 holy a man as Daniel could not bear the presence of one of God's angels tifl he was Bupematur&lly; strengthened. Ana when "the disciple whom 'Jesus loved" saw'his Divine Master In glory he " felf at His feet as dead" till the hand of the Saviour strengthened and enabled him to bear the vision. 1 Indeed, so strongly did (he Church pf the first ages recog lse the seed of preparation In the intermediate state (or id mission into heaven that it regarded martyrs, met even the Blessed Virgin, as still In Hades with the rest o! the faithful departed, and, with them, fit subjects for the commemoration of the Cbaroh on earth. The Bible, differing in thin reipeot from the sacred books of all other religious, in exceed ingle reserved la its language about the unseen world and its inhabitants. It speaks of Gehenna as the abode of lost spirits, without making it clear whether anJ human beings go Into U before the Day of Judgment. Heaven, in "the singular or plnral, is sometimes need of the whole eplritnal world outside the realm of the lost. At other times a distinction is made The intermediate state is called Hades, which means the invisible place, and is sometimes used in a comprehensive sense for the abode alike of saints and sinners, between wham, however, there is eaid to be "a great gulf fixed." In the story of Dives and Lazarus it is in Hades that the rich man is said to have "lifted up his eyes, being in torment" But he sees, albeit, across a great gulf Lazarus in Abraham's bosom. When fit. Peter quotes David as prophesying that his soul should not be left in hell Hades is the word in the original. And when St. Paul, adapting the language of ilosea, exclaims triumphantly," Where, O death, 1s thy sting? where, O grave, thy victory?" the word translated " grave" is Hades. The word therefore includes the abode of goon and. oad (whether of all bad is not clear) in the interval be tween death and the resurrection. There is another word useilfor the intermediate state, bat only three times, I think, and J1 in tbe Hew Testament—the Persian word Paradise, which means a pleasure garden or park. It is used exclusively for he abode' of tbe blessed. " To-day," said our Lord to the penitent thief, "shall thou be with me in Paradise," which plainly did not mean the dwelling place ot the saints after the great judgment ns of the sngels now, for into that heaven Jesas did not ascend till forty days afterwards.. St. Paul says that he was himself caught up into th- third heaven, which be identifies with Paradise, end heard there words that it was " n«t possible to utter" in the language' of earth. It is remarkable that in His message to the Church of Ephenus our Lord uses again the word wltu wliirh He comforted the dying robber. " To him that overenmeth will ( give to eat of tbe tree of life, which is in the midst of the Paradise of God," an evident allusion to the Garden of tCden aa a Paradise restored; and as ui&n; was there in a state ; of imperfection undergoing training for Heaven, i the natural inference is that the passage refers to the Intermediate state. There is one m tre passage bearing on our subject which demands considers tion, both because itisvorysigni&c;&ntandlsalBothe; subject of soi« e controv ray. I moan Peter ill. 18,19, and 20 I will read it first in tlie authorized ver sion:—** Tor Christ also hath once suffered for sins, ; the just for the unju-t. that Be might bring us to i God, being putto death in the flesh, but qnickened i by toe Spirit, by which also Be went and preached | unto the spirits in prison, which sometimes were disobedient when once the long- suffering of God waited in the days of No&b;, while the ark was a-prcp˚, wherein few, that is, eig*t souls, were saved." This is mielpadng, if what it *ug gents Is that God the Holy Ghost preached through Noah to the men of that generation; and that is the interpret atiou which some modern »om* mentat"rs put upon the passage But it is an in* terpretation which can hardly be reconciled with the grammatical construction of the original, and wliicn is opposed to the alm ost unanimous opinion of the Fathers of the early Church. Wbat^'t. Peter really say* is that Christ "being put to death in the flesh, and endowed with life in the Spirit," that is, Bis own personal Spirit, went in that •Spirit and preached to the spirits in prison; in other words, that in tin interval between lli* death and ro* Burrection Bis life-giving soul went into Hades, end proclaimed the glad tidings of redemption to the generation to whom Noah had preached in vain. The meaning of the passage dues nob lie on the surface, but^a little consideration wit pro* bably moke it plain. The words to which i wish ro call your attention are "being put to death in the flesh, but quickened"—that is, endowed with life or tuado alive—"in the spirit, in which He also went and pi cached to the spirits in orison." Man is divisible into b dy,B0ul, andspirft. Through bis body be is in communion with n atter organic and inorganic. Through his soul be is in com munion with the animal creation. Through his spirit he is iQ communion with moral, intellectual, and spiritual life. He is thus in touch witb the whole universe of being, ranging from the dost of the ground to tlie Divine nature Hence the reason of the Divine Son's In arnation. He " took nut on Him the nature of angels, but of th* seed of Abraham He layeth hold." The assumption of the nature "of angels woul-i not have put him in touch with human nature and the lower creation. But by •aking on Him the nature ol man He put Blm* self iii touch wish the whole cre&Uun.; And so at. Paul, iu a bold Ague, represents "the whole creation" a9 groaning in travail, waiting for <be final accomplishment of the redemption wrought by Christ, not for man alone, but for the whole of creation. St. Paul, in his great chapter on the lle-urrection, throws some light on the pas-age under cons delation. He draws a shr.rp distinction between what our authorised versloo calls the "natural body" and the "spiritual body," but which would be m re correctly rendered " the body which Is governed by tho laws of the soul and the body which is governed by the laws ot the " spirit." To understand this you mu*t rememuer what I said just »ow about man's tripartite nature—body, soul, and spirit. It is through his soul that man is allied to the animal world, animals have a bind of sonl aa distinct from their bodies, an immaterial principle of life distinct from matter. What becomes c£«t(Us at de&tb; the Bible does not and science cannot tell us. Whethei it is absorbed into the general ocean of life, or retains some separate concrete existence, we know not. We only know that no life perishes in the sense of ceasing to be. Now man, as £ have said, has an animal soul, but he has in addition what no animal has, a God-granted spirit, capable of holding com munion with his Maker. Thus we read in Genesis iL?:— And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life, and man becsme a living soul," It was thiB inbreathing of Divine life that differentitited man from the lower animals, and endowed hiin with life in addi tion to the mere existence which he had pre viously possessed. The plants and animals God had Q mowed with existence, but lie determined to mike man in His own image, and therefore He superadded to the gift of the lower animal life the higher life of the spirit. And now we come to the distinction which nt Paul draws between the Bret Adam and the secoud. " i'he first man, Adam," he says, " was made into a living soul; the second Adam into a life-giving spirit.'' There you have St. Paul's explanation of the distinction between the natural body and the spiritual—that is, & body under the dominion of the animal soul and a body under the domiulon or the spirit. The form-r h therefore necessarily conditioned by the laws and limitations of the material world; the other is conditioned oniy lay the Jaws of the spiritual world. Fallen , man Is in the former category; Christ, the second Adam, is in the latter. Our Lord's humanity was I thus,:even before His death, in Its essence spiritual. I lie chose to submit to the laws of the natural | creation—the Jaws of growth, waste of tissue and : need reparation by food and sleep, travel ! ling through space like other men, and so forth. Yet when occasion required it He emancipated Himself from the laws of this Jower world. He walked on water Hgainst the laws t>f gravity; He made Himself invisible at will against the laws of optics; He was transfigured on the Mou it. When he uttered the great name by which He had made Himself known to Moses on Qoreb the soldiers sent to apprehend Him fell on their faces to the ground and bad no power to seize Mai -till He willed it so to be. And it was by an act of volition, not of necessity, that He died upon the cross. "I lay down my life," He said. " No one taketh it from Me, nut I lay It down of Myself. I have power to lay it down, and I have power to take it again." In Him there was no sin; therefore no g-rin of corruption or decay /"and consequently death bad no d- minion.over Him. He submitted voluntarily tn» the doom of the race which He came to i-ave. Kven on thecmas it wasHimself, when all was'{lobbed, who yielded up Bis spirit. It was "with aloud voice, not with the aspiring sigh of dyfnfc'men, that He surrenders i His eoul into His Father's handa. Death could not even then vanquish Him till He gave leave; could not wrest His soul from Him tUI He consent-d. And now let us go back to the passage in St. Paul'* Bpistle—"Being put to death in the flesh, but endowed with life In the Spirit, in which, also He went and preached unto the spirits in prison." That is to say, while the first Adam had only a living soul—i.e.,"a life imparted from without—the second Adam, being Himself, as St Peter elsewhere calls Him, "the Prmce of Ufe" (having an Inherent not adurative life), had always & life-giving spirit, and in that spirit went and pro claimed the good tidings of salv&tfon; to the spirits Jh prison in Hades, 