A DAUGHTER OF THE MARIONIS. [BT E. FNUM OFFZKUIK.] BOOK II. „ CHA.PTEE IV. • AN EVKHLAST1KG HATI. At 4 o'olook onthe afternoon of the following day ap open barouohe-drawn by» pair of maffnifioeb* bay .horses drove up to the door of the Hotel Continental. The Manager, who was standing at the window of hie private room, noticed two thing*. First, that there was a ooronet upon the carriage door; and eeoundly, that the lady who was alightiEg carried. W her hand a copy of the Morning Pott turned down, aa though to mark a oertain pi (ice in it. * A* she aroeaed the pavoment he had a better view ot her faoi, and reoogniaed her with alittle •tart of surprise. In a moment be was outside »nd on the step* to receive her, an attention he-very rarely beatowed upon his guests. The awing doors opened and o!oted, and the : iady, with the paper still in her hand, turned ' to the Manager.. "Da you. know anything, about this paragraph?" the asked, touohing it with her delisatelv glovedforefingfer. "Theone, I mean, vhich cqnoernt the Count di Marioni ?" "Oertainly, your ladyship," he answered. " I inserted it tnyse^f." * "He is stiUhere, Isuppoafc f • "He is,,jrour ladyship. • I do not know whether you will .oonsider that I acted witely in taking suoh • step, but I oodld see no alternative. Hear rived here alone about a fortnight ago j and, at that time there seemed to be nothing singular • about hiin exoept a oertain nervousness wfaioh the servants remarked in his manner, and which we can eoaroely wonder at considering his painful history and recent re-, tarn to—er—to civilized ways. He left the hotel almost immediately after engaging his room, and was away, 1 believe, for several hours. I chanced to be in the hall on his return, and twai struok by the change in his appearauoe. Ypur ladyship, I never saw a man on whose face was written, such dumb end helpless agony. He went straight to his room, and since then he bas never left it. He is simply pining to death there. He neither eats, nor drinks, nor speaks. He sits there with his eyas fixed upon the fire like a 'man waitingfor hisend. 1 ventured to visit;him one -morning, bat my " attempts at remonstrance were cot short at onoe in a most dignified fashion. I feel that it would be heartless to atk him to leave the hotels but at the same time.it he remains and continues in the same way, he mil. pertpinly .either die or. go mad very shortly. What he wainta is the, personal c^re of friends and very kind treatment, and as I-oonld think of no other way of com munication with them I decided to advertise his premnce here. I trust that your ladyship does not think my .interference officious ?" He bowed his head and turned away ont of cespacft for the tears which he oould see in tier' eyes, and whioh she made scarcely an effort to oonoeal. _ ' *' No ; yon did quite right," she said, after a moment'*;pause. " I was muting, for my husband outside the club. Mid* quite by 2h~ahoe I took' up the Poif and saw your paragraph. I drove here at once. Will von show me to the Count's rooms, it you please?" "Certainly, your ladyship. Will you oome this way?" She followed him np the fine marble staircase and down the first floor corridor. At the extreme end he paused outside a door, "It it of no nsejenooking," he said. "He never answers. If I can be of any further service., your ladyship will perhaps be so good /aa to ring the belL". He opened the door for her, and closed it quietly as she entered. - Then be retreated along the corridor, Mid returned to his room, wonderidg not a little stt the visitor whom his advertisement had brought. The great room in whioh Count Jlariom waa sitting was almost in darkness, for the aftemo6n ww -dull and foggy, and the curtains were partially closed. There was no lamp lit, and the only light oame from the brightly barm tig fire, near which the Count was; sitting in an armchair ludicrously too large for hit frail body. The flames fell upon' his' white, worn face, with its deepbranding lines, and.gleamed in 1iis great sad eyes, so bright' and dry that they seemed like ., mirrors for the firelight. His bairand short unkempt beard, were as white as snow, matching even, the unnatural pallor ot ibis Bkin; and his ttlaok f*oolc-coat waa buttoned across a obeet which would have been deemed narrow tor a consumptive boy.: He did, indeed, look on the threshold of death. He had sot turned .his head at the opening xor closing of the door, but presently another sound broke the silenoe. It was a woman's aob, and as be slowly turned his head a tall, grfcoefnl figure moved forward out of the' sbadows. and he beard kit Bams aoftly murmured. "Leonardo!" ' His hand went «p to his forehead. Waa it a dream; or itfas.be indeed bank once more in the days of bis youth, back amongst the pine woods which stocked his oastle, walking side by side, with her whose presence seemed to make the longsnmmer days one sweet dream of delight? ' The familiar pddur of violets and -wild- hyacinths, seemed tofiU the room. The fogbound city with its ceaaeless roar existed for him no longer. The . sun of his own dear oountiy warmed his heart, and the eaa wind .blew In Us eager face, ^.nd .she was there— bis Queen—the treat desire of his weary life. A3!, his pulses leaped with the joy of her presence. Five and twenty years of lonely .misery were, blotted out. An! memory is a ^wonderfulmagioian. Iieoj|LArdo! - Will you not speak to me?" _,Ag«iii that voice. Where •was he now? Face to' face with her on the sand.s at Palermo, deoeived, betrayed, given over, to the enemies of his ooantayj and by her the woman for whom his passionate love bad been his sole crime.; liisteh"?- The air is full of that ory of ' threatened veogflSMioe. ' Hark ? how the eohoes ring baok.from the cliffs: "By the sun, and the.sky, and the sea, and the earth,'! swear that tfi they continue unchanged and nn- 'ohangiog, so shall my hate for you remain." "Darkbeei? .A'prison oell! Year by year, year by year, darkness, solitude, misery 1 See the blpakbair tuiA grey, the strength of manhood' wasting away, the eye growing d im, the body weak. Year-by-year, year by year it goe« on. What was that acratohed upon the whitpqrfcshed walls? What was the ory irhioh rang badk from the towering cliff—" hate unohanfpng and muihanged?" The same, ever the same.' \- "" Iteonardo, have you nb word for me ?" ., He rose slowly f rom his ohair, and fixed his eyes upon her. . Before their fire she shrank back appalled. - Was it a storm about to burst uixm'fcirTUb ; the" words were slow and few. ' Yoti have dared to come—here; dared to . eomeanfHook upon your handiwork. ' Away, ioutof,my sight!. You have seen me. Go i" '. Tears blinded her -eyes. The sight of him . ,was horrible'to her. She forgot, ; in her great ~nty, that jnatioe had been upon her ride. She jtkjb^lier.(knees before him .on the velvet llfcflfMprt.* " i' - •» V-- •• >- ti "Leonardo, for the love of God, forgive me !"»he sobbed. *'Qb-! it is painful to see you thus, and-to know the burden of hab> which you carry in your heart. Forgive me'. Forgive us both !" *. He stooped down till hi* ghastly face nearly touched hen. 1 'jOrffae you !'* lie muttered hoarsely. '' You dare to look' at me and ask for forgiveness ! Never ; Bever ! Every morning and night I curse you. I cuxee you when my mother tanarbtme to pray. I live for nothing else. •If I had the strength I would strangle you where you stand. Hell's ounes 'and mine ringin yonrearsand sit in your heart day by \- day; and flight by night! Away with you ! A-w.ai.ray!" - . She waa a brave woman, but she fled from therpom like a hunted animal, and passed out of the hotel with never a look to the right or to the left. The Manager came, out to speak to her, but he atood still, aghast, and let her "go without uttering a word, or offering to asaist. faer,. As long as he lived he remembered thelook on the Oountees of St. Maurice's face as she oame dowirthoee stairs, olutching hold of the banisters, and with hsety trembling steps left the hotel. He was a great reader of fiction, and he had heard of Scotoh butsbws and Brahmin -ghosts. Bub never a living story- tejler had painted rach a face as helookeduponat that moment. She spoke of the rights of women In words tbat glowed and burned. She spoke of the worm downtrodden, And aald that -the worm had turned ; She proved by cnlumna of flgnrea Tbat, cleter aa man could be. He had not-'aghoatofa chow" With a woman who drinks Charlick's Tea. It la sold at la. 3d., la. bd„ and la. 9d., and absolutely pure. Thou-ands now daily enjoy it. MS7e 