Notes From Sydney. [BY OUR REPRESENTATIVE.] March 15. DISCORD IN THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY. I am living in the midst of a belligerent community. Warfare is rife, not only in Parliament, in the Press, and in social circles, but also in the theological arena. This last week's deliberations in the Presbyterian As- BSfcrbly and in the Weslayan Conference must hero greatly perturbed the ghosts of such men as Oatvin, Knox, and Wesley. These reformers, however, were not altogether inclined to sweet reasonableness, and it may be that they look with a oeitain satisfaction upon the martial spirit which has been displayed by their latter day disciples. Fighting really commenced among the Christian soldiers while the mode ratorof the Assembly (the Bey. G. Maelrines} was Beading hiß now celebrated paper dealing withihe verbal inspiration of the Bible. In his learned paper the Moderator reiexrod to an impending and most important change in the history of ijhpi Christian Churoh—" the transition from .fhe-theory that the Bible is a verbally inspireH and inerrarrt code ol rules to a more reasonable and truer view of the real nature and aotoal function, of the Book." A strong protest was at once made to this proposition by the repre sentatives of the old school of Sooton theology, but the Moderator declined to allow them to impugn hi 3 opinion. On the following day there was a lively discussion. The minutes stated that the Moderator had on the previous evening delivered a " suitable' 1 address, and to the word suitable strong exception waa taken, and an amendment, whioh was eventually lost, was moved that the word be omitted. There was uproar in the Assembly, and the Rev. W. Dill Maokay and the Moderator had a passage-at-arms, in whioh the former was defeated. Not to tfft outdone the dissent ing minifters published their objections in the Press, and took a firm stand by preaching Against the Moderator's" utterances on the fallowing Sabbath evening in the refuge of (heir own pulpits- The dissent is officially given as follows:— 1\. The subjeot ohoson by the Moderator is a debatable one, and, therefore, it was exceedingly iU-aftviaed in him to ohooee soon a subject, i. The Modnmlor is supposed to voioe the mind of the Assembly, and, therefore, he should not have chosen as his theme a subject in whioh he well knew there was not a consensus of opinion, ft. The view he look of the inspiration in his address. U* the Scrip tares not being verbally inspired, is only held by a ■mall section of adyanoed theologians, and is not the mind of the Church at large. 4. The Moderator's view, in the opinion of the dissentients, undermines too whale body of the Scriptures, leaving uncertain what is and what is not inspired. Once the fighting spirit had been aroused it was hard to quell, and some time later the proceedings were again marked by an unseemly display of anger, and there was placed on record what is now known as the Battle of St. Luke's. At St. Luke's Church at Bedfern there are two sections, and months of time have been spent in making calls and oounter calls and arranging petitions and counter petitions in the interests of the Revs. T. J. Curtis and J. Marshall, each of whom has alternately had a majority. The petitions, &0., were placed before the Assembly and a decision asked for. Whileone of Mr. Marshall's suppor ters was pleading the cause he stated that wnile Mr. Curtis was in ofnee income had never met the expenditure. Mr. Curtis was in the body of the hall, and immediately he heard this he rose in his place and oalled out, "It is absolutely false; it's a lying scandal." The rev. gentleman was terribly excited, and rapidly made his way up the aisle to the Moderator's table crying out, "It's a lie, a scandalous lie," repeating this phrase con stantly. Needless to say the Assembly wa3 greatly agitated, and after very muoh trouble the painful Bcene was brought to an end. Sub sequently the Assembly decided to dismiss the petition of the Rev. J. Marshall, and that gentleman on hearing this exclaimed, " I sub mit, but Ido not acquiesce." On the follow ing day the Rev. Curtis was oalled to the bar and solemnly reprimanded for his actions on thepeev4oo»day. Testetday, at the sitting a long discussion ensued on the drink traffic, and the temperance committee submitted a report in whioh was contained the following passage:— " Your committee is of opinion that systematic instruction of the young people in temperance principles should occupy a prominent place, and that for this purpose a suitable text-book should -be used. Your committee resolved that it could not give its support to any local option measure whioh included the principle of compensation to publicans for the non xenewal of their licenses. In view of the enormous amount of waste caused by the ligaor traflio, and the serious evils attendant upon the drinking customs of aooiety, your committee recommend that the Generai As sembly renew the advice to ministers of our Church to preaoh a special sermon on a convenient Sabbath in December dealing with the' evils of intemperance and the means .of counteracting them." An interesting discussion ensued, one minister wishing to intraduoe the Norwegian system into the colony, and not a few members ex pressing themselves as in favour of compensa tion to publicans when they were deprived of their licenses. Finally the report of the com mittee was adopted. The Assembly is still sitting, the proceedings being conducted, as Sir Thomas M'Dwraith would remark, "on the edge of a volcano." WSSLSYAK OOMFSBXNCB DISFUIKB. At the Wesleyan Conference also, there has been a break in the harmony which iB sup posed to mark the proceedings of brethren who are told to dwell together in unity. First there was the expulsion of the Rev. W. H. Hall, who insisted upon taking a keen interest in politics, and had aotually announced himself as a candidate for a suburban oonstituenoy. The inoidents connected with that expulsion have already appeared in your columnß, and there fore need no recapitulation. Mr. Hall is a very estimable young man, but more fitted to undertake the dutieß of a fighting politician than to preaoh the lessons of humility and self-saorifioe. But the expulsion created some little feeling, and last evening the Rev. W. Maddern moved the following resolution:— That thin conference, whilst oonoediag the fullest liberty to its members to hold what oonviotiona they please on political, eeonomio, and social questions, and the corresponding efttnanship rights of eaoh to give effect to these oonviotions in every proper way, affirms its belief that it is the mission of Christianity concurrently to promote the spiritual and material interests of the people by inculcating the teachings of its divine Founder, and removing t&e; preventible ill oonditions of life whioh make the struggle for exis ' teaoe to millions of .oar fellow areatares so cruel and un- Ohristian. This oonferenoe farther expresses its sympathy with the large number of the legitimate unemployed found amongst us in the present distress whioh is visiting the country, and expresses the hope that the revived conditions of commoroe will soon create avenues of employment for those who are out of work. A long discussion ensued, in whioh it was hinted that it would be necessary to revise the Wesleyan hymn-book, "as only two hymns in the book referred to this world." The Rev. J. Gardiner used some strong language, and stated that many ministers were doing more for the poor than they could possibly afford. He spoke of the "drunken socialistic atheists," and remarked that the Church was losing spiritual power because it did not speak out against the selfish, oanting humbug of atheists of the present day. So the fight is going on, and hot words are as plentiful as orows on a western plain. Thx Psainsß and thb GomuKDairr. Major-General Hutton and Sir George Dibbs ■ have crossed swords. lam not quite sure that . this metaphor is correct, as the Premier only admits having parried " what was intended as a slap in the face for him." However, let it go. In the House last night, while the military Estimates were being discussed, Mr. Havnas , asked for an important report which had been submitted to the Premier and whioh should have been placed before the House. After some oross-nring, the Premier admitted that he had received the Major-General's annual report, and that he had sent it back to the Commandant. The report was in regard to the proceedings on military matters sioee Major-General Hattoo took com mand. "It was a report which was intended as a slap in the face for him (Sir George Dibbs) and it was in circula tion among members of the House and else where before he received it. As the head of the department he resented conduct of that sort, and he sent the report baokto the Major- General" The document is said to be a vary strongly-worded one, and reflects seriously upon certain officers, discusses their ability to perform their duty, and recommends their removal. It advocates that a Royal Artillery officer be brought from England to command that arm of the forces. At the time the Major- General sent the report to the Premier, he forwarded it to the Governor, and Sir George \- Dibbs was annoyed at its being transmitted to the Governor. The Premier, in returning the report to the General, expressed the opinion . that in advocating the employment of an Imperial officer for the artHlery forces he was interfering with the policy of the country. Sir George asked that the report might be revised. It is believed that the Major-General will not consent to this being done. So that another pretty duel has to be settled on the shores of our beautiful harbour. Mutual Life Insurance Coupanx. or New Yobk. The principal social event of the week has been the laying of the keystone of the palatial premises of the Mutual Life Insurance Com pany of New York, a full account of whioh is forwarded. Borne really fine speeches were made, particularly that of Colonel Bell, the United States Consul, whose remarks were in exceeding good taste, while his periods were brilliant. The golden trowel presented to Sir George Dibbs by the contractors is a most exquisite piece of workmanship, and cost not less than £200! The trowel is surmonnted by a solid gold eagle standing on a globe, on which is engraved a map of the world. The handle is of myall, running along whioh is a wreath, which is engraved as follows:—"The Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York. Major Z. C. Beanie, General Manager, Australian Department." Underneath this is a beauti fully executed representation of three waratah buds and leaves of that flower, whioh joins the handle to the flat portion of the-trowel. At the head of the plate is a solid gold phoenix and the seal of the company. Below this the American flags, worked in bold relief, are riveted to flags of England and Australia. On the right hand side of the trowel is an English sovereign, and on the left an American coin known as the eagle, which is worth So; while between this and the flagß fire an English shield and an American shield, whioh are also worked in relief and riveted together. Underneath appears the motto of the United States—"E Pluribus Unum"—and the inscription. In the centre of this inscription is a very artistically executed picture of the new building, showing the frontage to Martin-place. At the foot of the trowel is the crest of Sir George Dibbs and his motto, "Feno lego." The right and left aides of the plate are ornamented with stems Of waratah. The mallet ia a very fine piece of polished myall, -the pattern being exceedingly handsome. It bean a gold shield, on wMoh ia inscribed Sir George Dibbs's monogram. Bat a £200 trowel. in these days of lamentation! ■ No wonder that the unemployed groaned at the ■ very Bight. By-the-bye, a :oase of loyal discrimination -took plaoe at the ceremony. The Stars and Stripes went fiwt up the flag- • pole, unaccompanied by the Union Jack. Immediately the crowd saw this there was a howl of wrath, which continued until the flag " that has braved^ &o; M " was sant op to float in the breeze. One investigating oynie discovered that the flag came from theOaftom'boxue, and was in reality the Protection flag of New South Wales. WiiLOMQ Gold Discoveries. There have been great rejoicings here over the disoovery of the gold reefs at Wvaleng, situated sixty miles from Temora, and easily accessible. It is reported that over 2000 people are already on the field, and the reefs are unusually good, the stone up to the present averaging over 2oz. to the ton. All the stone is a rotten diorite, and can be worked without any straining. The warden's report is of the most favourable character, and every indica tion points to the fact that Wyalong is likely to be one of the best fields ever discovered in Australia. The special correspondent of one of the evening papers writes as follows:— " The prospects of this new goldfield are, in the opinion of old diggers and experienced miners who have been practically intimate with every reoent gold rash, as good as-thoae of any ever opened up in Australia; and from the wide range of payable reefs, the uniformly high crushing returns, and the equal distribu tion of the gold, this opinion seems certainly justified. There are already over 2000 people on the field, and they are rolling in dairy in nndiminished numbers. This fact, however, should remind those who intend coming that no alluvial has yet been discovered, and that, therefore, they must be prepared and able to afford to await the chances that are the natural concomitants of every reefing field. The unemployed, and those possessing no resouroes, are as yet not needed here, and if they come will probably find themselves worse off than where they came from, as the demand for labour is at present quite filled, and on a new diggings we know it ia everyone for himself, and the diggers have no time to care for those less fortunate than themselves; and such an influx would only be an undeserved incubus on them. But for the bona fide digger, the enterprising trades man, and the straight speculator in genuine things, there is a splendid opening, and they will certainly have no cause to regret throwing in their lot at Wyalong. The route to the field is by rail to Cootamundra, thence to Temora, and thence by coach (thirty-eight miles) to Barmedman, and by Another coach (twenty-two miles) to the field.'* Hundreds of people are leaving here daily, not only for Wyalong, bat also for Coolgardie, and the steamers to Western Australia and also to New Zealand are in variably crammed when leaving this port. QmnoraLASD Vibhobs. Yesterday I met Mr. John Ferguson, of Rookhampton, who, with his wife and two daughters, has jost returned from London. He is in first-elan health, and has had a thoroughly enjoyable trip.' He declined to be so promptly interviewed, remarking that he had not unpacked his trunks and had had no time to colleot his ideas. His trip to Scotland hms been a delightful one, and the voyage out in the Australia was invigorating. The Central Separation question did not olosely engage Mr. Ferguson'B attention while at home. " I went to the old country for enjoyment and rest," ■aid Mr. Ferguson, "not on the separation movement." He promised that later on he -" would talk, and there is a column and a-half in proepeot for you. Mr. Horace Toser has been in town, and unburdened himself in a cheery way to a reporter regarding the prospects of Queensland. This morning he left for the Blue Mountains—in search of health. Queens land iB not muoh in evidenoe in the prinoipal streets just now. Threatened Sheadebs' Stbiki. One item of news I have received which I give with some diffidence, as it involves suoh weighty and important results. My authority is excellent, however, and therefore the infor mation is valuable. It is that the chanoes of a shearing strike, happily confined to New South Wales, are more than probable. The bone of contention is the prejudice existing against the present conditions of agreement and a propor tionate desire to return to the old Agreement of 1891\. It is affirmed amongst Labour oiroles that the New Zealand shearers have guaran teed, per their unions, not to come over and shear if the New South Wales men are called out, and this of course is regarded as putting a powerful weapon in the hands of (he local leaders. The secretary of the PastoraKsts' Union, on the other hand, states that his prin cipals are not disturbed by the information which leaks out from the union's headquarters from time to time. They have advertised that all shearers desirous of obtaining work must sign under the new agreement—price £1 per 100; that no engagements will be made under that of 1891, and also that each shearer must accompany his application with a £1 deposit and a reference. The deposit clause is evidently intended to checkmate a scheme whereby shearers might praotieaHy tie the squatters' hands by a wholesale non- fulfilment of signed engagements. As I have a soft spot for all-arouses I have no hesitation in mentioning that FQlb's gnat ciicaa opens here to-morrow erening. The big oireos is really a splendid menagerie, aad there are now attached to it quite a number of young elephants, wbioh are sore to draw. Senor Agrati is the manager, and he told me yesterday that the circus is going to Brisbane shortly with a big orowd of olever men and a capital collection of intelligent well-trained animals. 