POINT AND PARRY. [Dt 'Aramis.'] Temwrs wutatitvr et mvtamur in illig . This venerable and sagacious classic saw lias been rendered Men chance with fortunes, manners change with climes, . ?Tenets with books, and principles with limes. To 6till further nuHernise the interpreta tion and make it properly fin de siecle, 1 jnay as well put it JThe iiznee keep on changing as certaiu as fate, And people change with them to keep up to date. Done into colloquial English, the phraBc Js ' Times isn't as they used to wan,* ami Ibis was the theme upon which a venerable lAunccstouian. the relic of a civic antiquity ?sufficiently remote to shed a golden halo yound that cherislK'd past, held forth upon to me Tec^ntlv ae be contrasted then with now nnd licwai'led tho degcncracv of modem days. The skies *'ure bluer, the grass greener, the sunshine brighter, business brisker, monev more plentiful, the Bait of life more charmingly saline, anil generally the eineer was hotter i' the mouth then than now, while as for tbe cbmate and tempera- j ture, well, all he could suppose was I that the blessed island had dragged its j anchors and drifted s*veral degreis farther South. ' Then.' sai I he, with a flash iu his eves that told how he was warming to hi6 theme. '? Look at yor blessed City Council ! We lia l a proper Council three and thirty years ago, not such muddle-headed duff- re as these fellows are. There was Henry Dow ling the Mayor, as fine a fellow as ever wore shoe leather, and there was Adye Douglas, William Hart, Frank Evans, George Gil more. John Scott, William Clayton, William Tyson, and .John Fawns. They were level headed. capable men, and now look what we've pof.' ' But how came ihe Council so sadly to deteriorate from that high stand ard ?' 1 gently enquirc- I. '? Well,' said the ancient one, after a moment's consideration, 'They put in Abraham Barrett, anil it wasn't long before he burst up ihe show. He raised Cain to such an ext ent that the good men dropped out, while the duffer* dropped in, and that's how Abraham came to bo Mayor!' 'History repeats its 'If. ' and 'Coming events cast their shadows before.' How th-6e proverbs suggest themselves 1 Trulv have they been styled by the late Lord Tennyson Jewels five words long, That on the stretched forefinger of all time Sparkle for ever. As it was in the beginning ho it is now, and the same process is inevitably working out the same result. Tbe fact of the matter is that a man with an itch to attract attention can far more easily make himself notorious than famous. For instance, in the cele brated Ionian city of Ephesus stood the famous Temple of Diana, one of the Seven Wonders of the World- li took over two hundred years to build, and when completed it wns an architectural marvel. It was stored wilh paintings, statuary, and all that could represent the wealth and culture of tbe antique world. The riches dejwsited in it were immense, and it was specially famous for the magnificent statue of the goddess referred to in Holy Writ. Among the citi zens was a certain man Eratostnitus. who ?was troubled with an itch to attract atti n tion, and as his mediocre abilities would not permit him to make himself famous he determined to bccome notorious, and so on the night upon which Alexander the Great was bom he set tire to the temple, which was totally destroyed. Charged with liis crime he said he committed it to make his name imperishable. The Ephesians there fore made a law forbidding the mentioning of his name, and by the act helped to en sure that according to the criminal's desire it should be immortalised, if only as an ob ject of enduring rebrehen6ion. Launceston is not Ephesus. the City Council is not the Temple of Diana, nor is Alderman Barrett an outrageous idiot like Eratostratus. Still, so far as 6maU things can be companid with great ones, the parallels will fairly hold. It is hard to sup pose that the action of the gentleman named in connection with the eLctric light, the consolidated loan, the )-ost holes and the j painting, and the many other matters re garding which he has run amok at the rest of the Council, ha6 been dictated by a pure j regard for tbe public welfare. The idea if* j altogether too ethereally diaphanous, j and if prizes were awarded to the j members of the City Couucil as to the i children of a private school. 1 can | easily jmagiue Alderman Barrett standing Sn the place of a certain hoy. who. in one particular instance, was the only oon-recipicnt. In hot anger his moih- r went to the teacher and remonstrated. 'Why,' she asked. ''was this invidious dis tinction made ? Why should her dear boy be bo publicly affronted 1 Why should he remain prizeless, when one ha 1 beonawarded every other child in the school ?' *? My dear madame,' said the teacher, ' I am grieved to have to make the distinction, but I could not reasonably or honestly make an award to your 60n. 1 r-grct to say it. but he is the worst boy in the school. He if the viry spirit of mischief, always stirring up strife and setting the other* by the car?. He neglects his lessons, and devotes himself to creating trouble. In short, he is the most I persistant and consistent bad boy 1 cve.r hail to uach.' 'Then,** exclaimed his mother triumphantly, - why not give him a prize for his consistency V But the rule by which the municipal bad I boy governs his conduct is a very old. if not a 1 very commendable, one. and in view of all I the circumstances of the case 1 can readilr \ imagine it being thus formulated by himself under the title --f THE BULK OF CONTBABY. ' The rule of contrary. I boldly assert, Has been hitherto wrongly despised. Bincc it has for tlic artist who works it aright An advantage but rarely surmised : A fact ] am sure yun will promptly admit If vou patieutly listen to me, And give their due weight to tho proofs 1 advance.' Says Alderman Barrett. says lie, ' If in public dismscjon you always rndor.se What the uthurt- thiuk fittest ami best, I ask you, as hou-si nnd sensible men, How much wii«er are you than the rest ? But if you're ? agin it' l-c sure that the shout Of a far-seeing public wiJl In — 1 Hooray for the brainiest man of the lot '' Says Philosopher Barrett, bays he. u So whenever the others, like Minister Clark, Have exerted their manfullest uii-*lit For the purpose oi giving proper effect To the fiat of ' Let their l.e light !' Tou have only to do all that lies- in your jkiwct To frustrate and baulk t In* dccr^e. And you straightway may j,ms0 as the man of the. hour,' Fa;.s Councillor Barrett. su- he. '? In itmes of deprc--?iuii. when uihers affirm That the people have pleuty to do In meeting their bills, us j-er terms of the deal, As the payments fall properly du.\ You waltz iti aud say ibat ihe very best From depression anil debt Hi jji-i free Is to pay the whole score tw- uty summers before,' Says Financier Barrett, says. he. 'When others declare with unanimous ve-irv That such couusel it- f-- olish and rash. As the taxes and ralr* wmiJd rt-piire u- be r lised To provide the additional cwtb ; Tisonly to cry, What ri lieuloti* rot ! You leave the whole matter to me, And 7 VI show -ou the way thai the thing can be done,' Says ratriarch Abraham, says he. 'Some savants assert when a v- s«el or spare Bv one body has wholly h m tilled. It Won't hold another, by honk orbv crook. Unless pome of the contents br skilled ; Bat in ramming home earth imo post holts Thte yarn is all fiddlt-.ii -di jk&. despite Mr Kowlcy. I'm rea 'y to prove.' fifty® Engineer Abraham, says he. ' In short, ba they barristers learned in the law, Who can sign their opinions 4 A/L Commercial, financial, professional men. Or tho tribe who are branded ' C.E. I'm r.alv to teach them their business all round. And as chief of the Patriot three. By the rule of contrary lo run the whole ranche,' Says wise Father Abraham, says ho. ^ The special session is by this time half forgotten, but some of its cchoos siill fitfully linger in the courts of memory, and this is one of them. Wheu the Assessment Bill was first under discussion Mr William Hartnoll abiectcd to clause 5. which deprived the per son failing to make .bis return in time of his right of appeal. He contended that many circumstances might arise to prevent a prompt return ; the man might be absent or have other sound excuse, in the face of which it would be harsh and arbitrary to deprive him of hisrigbtof appeal. The Attor ney-General saw the force of the argument, and said, *' Very well, 1 will meet such caB^s, which he did by adding, ' Provided always that the Tre asurer or Commissioner of Taxes under the Land Act, 1888. may. for suffi cient cause shown by such person as afore said, allow such person to appeal against any such assessment as aforesaid.*' When the bill came On again for discussion in committee at the spccial session. Mr Hart noll again rose at clausc 5. and hammered away vigorously on the old lines'. It was high-handed, arbitrary, oppressive, tyran nous, and altogether cbariieterip'ic Of the present Government to take away from a British sublet, who might, by reason of absence, sickness, orfrotu other cause, have a good excuse for his late return, his right of appeal. First there was a snigger, which developed into a guffaw, from the Minis terial benches. Then rose cries of u Head on: read on: till it dawneit on me per fervid orator that there was something amiss. Seiring the bill, he read on till he came to '? Provided, etc..' and then, looking unutterable things, he dropped into Ills seat, while the whole House rang with laughter. Yet his slip was n very characteristic one. He had- onlv undertaken to hotly oppose a bill he had never read. and. therefore, could not j-ossibly understand. Another echo has p spect to the same gentleman in another character. 44 We call him Best's bell-wether.' said a communica tive member, talking Parliamentary shop, ' and if vou take away his bell- wether, poor Best's distress is just' pitiable. There was one week afier the Ministerial election I recess, when Han noli was not in the House, I and Best was disconsolate. He was like a I lost dog in a crow-', running here and there, : | looking up into everybody's face, waggling himself all over, aud imploring somebody to own him. Or, to a 'opt another iigttre, he was like a stray lamb in a flock, running from ewe to ewe. twilling first at one and then at another, and with a piteous little 'ba-a-a' crving to b-' a loptcd. Then Hartnoll camc, anei Be6t was as right as a trivet, and, like a pleased pussy eat, he went round arching hie back, rubbing himself against ; chair and trouser legs, purring loud enough1 to be heard over tin' whole House. I tell you, that if Deloraine ineanB to keep Best they will hare (o arrange for taking his beli-wctlicr into keeping also. You see, they have only one idea between them — opposition to the pr sent Government — and if they were to bp permanently parted, it would mean political and intellectual ruin for both. It is correctly sai l that philology is a progressive science. Not only are we con stantly adopting now forms of expression, j but the meaning of the old ones is 06 con- , slant] v changing. The fact forced itself on my attention the other day in connection with a little inci lent which occurred in one of our countrv townships. Something had gone wrong with tbe accounts of a local in stitution. The something was of a very clcar and unmistakable character, which led to a lot of plain speaking from certain com mitteemen, and as the upshot it was duly announced a week or so later that a certain official had *' tendered his resignation.' This was French polishing the very prosaic climax of a rather ugly sequence of events, and in u way putting a pcncil-point upon a hedge stake. Still it only follows the rule in some cas s now becoming rather common, and, having regard to the use of a really respi cUible word, U suggested to me the fol lowing reflections on the subject of RESIGNATION. (Xot After Longfellow.) It seems to me the time has comc For c; rtain transpositions, Respecting modern phrases Aud their proper definitions : | And 'mid the host of much-abus.-d. Distorted a laptations, We want a new translation For that olel term— Resignation. As touching Ministers of Sw. , Sago doctors, and professors. I Its meaning scarce creates a crowd j Of wide divergent guessers. 1 But many oth'-r pha6e6 i Under which it 16 presented Might fairlv drive the moat profound Philologibt elemented. To wit. when Sal the sarvant gal, -\nb conscious pride transfigured, D.cides l-eforu eh-. '11 scrub that floor She'll see the Missus jiggered. This blessed situation.' But. - Pleas '. Mem.l miiM :i-k you to So if } on ask the reason why The baker's bo;\ M'GulHn. No long, r brings your morning red]. Or pnst mcri dan mutlin. The chances are this answer will Explain the alteration. Ob. Bob has took to grooving, and Sent in hits resignation.' The clerk dismiss3dfor thieving Would be mortally atfronte-d If anyone declared he had Been eitlu-r w sackcd' or -shunted,' But tells you how, '-The billet failed To mi et my exudation. And so l wrote the principals My iorrnal resignation.' ! Tie' 'rea«urer entrusted wiih Th' presentation dollars. Of which ti high proportion i He deliberately collar^. Is never fired from ofiice For ileU'dod |-rculalinn. Bin decently jp fitted wilh A ?? tendered re signation.' It's rutin r rough on Nuttall, Johuson, Webster, and the others, Who throng the courts of memory As their philologic brothers; And. as learned lexicographers, Their wrathful irriiation Might very well incite them to A common resignation. If things go on th- n at this raU, 1 am wofully afraiij No officer will -!are dismiss A regiment on parade; But. properly conforming to Will close each li' Id day's duty With a '? Bight face ! Resig — nation !' J' is said t )»:ir i Ik - pectrc of retrenchment still haunting the- Civil Service and Railway Department?- i?- hnving a marvellous effect in justify ing tbe lii k of the former, and in set ting th«; offii'i-rs euiinectcd with the latter, from the m- tropnliian stationinaster to the ch am rs and Limp trimmers, upon their best behavior. Tim- it happemd that the other day a fair irawlb-r was met by a la^iy ac quaintance e-n the railway platform with the exclamation. *? t.ino-l gracious ! Ethel. What is the matter ? Yon look as if you haUsjon a ghost.' 41 N,.t a phoBt, dear, but a. duke in disguise.'' 'What nonsense! You are joking.' '? Fact. J assure you.' 41 Where?' ' Here ; not a minute ago. He was wearing a pomr's uu'iform. J had to ask him several 'pi'siioiiP. nnd be answered them quite civilly. 1 thanked him, and then to my HMer amazement he merely replied, *1 am glad to han- bi-ui of service, can I render }ou any further assistance?'' 'How ex traordinary ; it is r. allv worth while writing in Mr Back -^r Mr Pillinger to commend him fnr his C'-nrHs^.' 'Not- for worMp, d ar ; hewmd-i i.e instanllv discharged for disgracing i h.- s j vice.' Speaking i.f rmlwa s. a gcoi tale of bifr bitiun c_om- from New Zealand, ^wher^ no all ihe e-air are alrraly occupi-rd. Di§ r-gardiig rrL, a traveller enter?d a full car a? the train vras aboqt to leave and was immediately walled by a crusty old bear in the farther corner, with 'Sir. this carriage is fulL' 'Oh, never mind,*' replied the intruder, ' 1 vrill stand. ' But you won't, sir,' was the prompt retort as Bruin rose from his seat and scrambled to the door, yelling 44 Porter 1 Porter 1' ' Yes, dr.' Then the intruder, who had quietly dropped into Bruin's vacated scat, took up. the running with 'There is one passenger too many in this carriage ; pftasc remove that gentleman who insists upon travelling with us.' ' Yes sir. Must come out, sir. Train just off.' ' But., 1 tell you,' gasped Bruin, almost speechless with rage and chagrin, ' it is not I ; it is that — ** 41 Can't wait sir. Train start ing. Exp'aln to the statioumaster. Must come out.' Bruin was accordingly hauled out and left on the platform while the train rolled on wit)) his belonging, and that extra jiassenger in his seat ; and now he is thirsting for the heart's blood of the audacious trickster by whom he was out witted. ... _ 