CHAPTER XXV. STEPHEN BALFOUR'S LAST RESOURCE. When Miriam returned to Marllands she took with her a written statement oi the faote from the woman who had masqueraded as Mrs. Tbring as well as all the "pieoee of evidence"—the marriage oertifioate, wedding ring, locks of bair, &o.;—on whioh the decep tion had beed based. She bad ineieted on having these as part of tho condition on whioh ehe oonsented to main tain the woman. She looked forward with the keenest plea sure to her interview with Stephen Balfour, and during the whole of the journey in the train her thoughts were busy settling her plan of .action. She had him now fast in the net of his own contriving. There was no escape —and she smiled at the'anticipation of bringing him to his feet. She would break down that sallen, dogged will whioh had dared to set her at defiance. She was glad, too, for Ruby's sake; but it was mainly of herself, her own plans, and the carrying out of her own wish that she thought. If Balfour ohose to fall in with her wishes she would not expose him to the Thrings. She would see him first, and when' be had made hie deoiaion ehe would make hera. The marriage with Ruby oould be broken off, and, ae eoon ae possible, some means taken to make it appear that Balfour himself had been tricked by the woman at Fyneleigh —BuppoBing, of course, that he yielded to her wish. If not—then his exposure should be sum mary and oomplete. The whole of the little world of Marlwyoh Bhould know the villainous conduct of the Squire. She did not reach Marlwyoh until too late at night to have an interview wioh Stephen immediately on her return, but by an early hour on the following morning she was at the Hall. Balfour himself was also in good spirits. While Miriam had been at Pynoleigh he had been at the Vioarage, where, to hie eurpriee, he had found Rubv anxious to hurry on the marriage. She had told him frankly that her reason was her fear leat her father should tell Mrs. Thring the secret, bb he had threatened, and in this way provoke the very trouble that ehe was sacrificing herself to avoid. Balfour had, at first, shrewdly enough, appeared to hang baok, and had only seemed to enter by degrees into her plans. At last, however, it had been agreed that the marriage Bhould take plaoe at the earlieBb possible moment at whioh Balfour oould get the arrangements made, and that it should be seoret. He was therefore preparing to hurry off to London to get a special liotnoe when Miriam was announced. He was disposed at first to send her away without seeiug her, but, thinking that perhaps he oould more easily keep her in ignoranoe of the marriage if he were to see her, he went to her. " Well, bird of ill omen," he said, laughing, "what is it now? Anything more in the melo dramatio way ?" » She saw that he was for some oause in an exultant mood, and her quiok wit oonneoted it with Ruby. " Nothing melodramatio — only something very true." "Not another will, I suppose." He laughed again at this. I wish you'd find another that would give me back a bit; or one that would take yours away from you. I think that would please me almost as muob,"he said with a sneer. "Yet you'd misB it," returned Miriam, quietly. " Miss it ? What do you mean ? "I mean you'd rather marry a woman with money than without." " So would aoy one but a sawney. But I'll be hauged if I see any point in that. I'm nob going to marry you. So if you've only oome to fiddle again on that broken string you may as well go away again," be said, laughing coarsely. " I've no time for that sorb of rot." "What a vulgar cad you are, she ex claimed. " The very oonoentrated essence of brutal eaddiehness. _ "Well, you're making a deuce of an effort to get a oad for your husband, then," he returned, sneering again and flushing with anger. " Oad or no oad, I am going to marry an honest woman, not a—well, nob you." Miriam paled and bit her lip at the brutal insult. "The ohivalrous honour whioh promptB you to say that to me is a testimonial to your oharaoter. It reminds me of the bitter price I have had to pay in order to right my eon." •• Don't trouble yourself," he answered. " You won't have to pay any prioe at all—so far as I am oonoerned. You need never set eyes on me again unless you please. It is not I who seek you, bub you wm> keep running after my ooattaile. Go away and keep away for all I oare—and the farther you keep away the better." "Ism strongly tempted to take you at your word, for I never felt a deeper disgust foryou than I do now." "Then, why the deuoe don't you go? 1 don't want yon here — and I'm sure my wife won't want you." He laughed again as he made this thrust. Miriam did not reply at onoe, but looked fixedly and thoughtfully at him, and after a long pause exolaimed— " I only hope one thing—that you and the boy may never meet; and that hi may never know from what a loathsome Btook he springer' "Thank you," he replied, with a grin, "That's very kind of you. But don't be afraid. I want him as little u I want | yon.'' Bab Miriam bad moved away and wai look ins net of the window buried in thought, and did not heed him. When she turned round her faoe wore a re solute angry expression, and her words were sharply and crisply spoken as she asked ' suddenly— " Do vou know what I've been thinking in that minute ?" " No, and I don't oare," was the answer. "You look as if yon'd been getting into a passion and working yourself up." "Not that," she rapped out-firmly. " I was thinking whether I should stand these jibeB of yours for the lad's sake, or put you in the dock without more ado." " Ah, more melodrama. I thought so," he sneered. " What for, please?" _ Then before she had time to answer he said with rapid vehemenoe, " Drop this tommy rot, I'm aiok of it and of you, and of everything about you. I've stood aB muoh of your hanged bysterioal rubbish as I mean to, and the bast thing yon oan do is get out of this. One would think you'd get tired of playing the silly part of the ghost of a youthful sin, rising up to try and frighten me with a lot of fantastic jabbering | and lubbsring, as if I was a child to be frightened into saying my prayers by the mention of a bogey. Please to go, and don't j oome bothering here again, for I shall give my servants orders to turn you away from the door." During this tirade Miriam bad had time to grow calmer, and when he finished she said— "I have one answer to that. She spoke deliberately, seeming toolip tbe words between j ber teeth. "I was at Fyneleigh, near Tiverton, yesterday, and I brought away with me the written confession of your confe derate." She smiled ooldly aB she paused to watoh thooffeats of ber words, and then added, "Your power over Ruby Thring is broken, and I—-I have broken it." There was a glint of exultation in her eyes aa she looked at him. For more than a minute he oould find no words to reply. He stood and stared at her helplessly, pale to the lips with malioe and hate, baffled rage and sickening fear showing in his face, while he struggled to foroe himself to be cool and to find words and courage to defy her. He oould have killed hor. "It's a lie," he muttered at length. " A lie 1" And his voice was hoarse and thick. That was all he oould say. " What is a lie ?" she asked. "When did you ever fiud me tell you a lis? When did I ever threaten you without reason? | I have told you the truth in every syl lable." He felt the truth of her words, and every syllable stabbed and stung him into a greater j wrath whioh he dared not Bhow; and he shrank and trembled before tbe oold contemptuous look which Bhe kept fixed upon him. He was a pitiful figure as he stood before her, now glancing furtively at her, now | oa-ting his eyeB about on ail sides of him, while he pulled nervously at his moustache with trembling _ fingers _ whioh did not oonoeal the quivering of his blue lips. " I know nothing of this," he said after | a long pause. "Is that your only defence? she asked [ oontemptuoUBly. " If that is all you have a pooroase. You forget the letters you wrote to your confederate in the early days of your conspiracy. I have them, and they would hang you if the charge were murder. But now listen, I have no intention to preBS this matter to the end—unless you foroe me. I will give you a ohanoe. No one knows of this exoept myself and the woman — your oonfederate. She is as little anxious as you to have the story told in a Criminal Court in whioh she and you would listen to it from the dook- I will be silent on one oondition — you know what that is." "What is it?" he asked sullenly, more to regain time to reoover his self- possession than from any igooranoe of the oondition. "That you go with nee to Australia, make me your wife, and romain there until we can do justice to our ohild." " And if I refuse?" "I will publish your infamy broadcast, [ and spare no effort or money to put you iu tbe dock. ' How long do you give me to deoide ?" ' Five minutes, not one seoond longer." She drew out her watch and held it in front of her. He turned sullenly to the window and [ stared out, busy with his thoughts. 1 Then before two of tbe minutes had .expired he turned again to her, and said in a voioe whioh bad reoovered muoh of its usual tone— "I accept your oondition. We shant i make a very loving couple; but if yen insist I'll marry you." The short sneering laugh with which he acoompanied the words, and bis quiok return to his usual manner made Miriam suspicious. "That's not a very pleasant look to seal a betrothal with," be added in response to the doubting glanoe she bent upon him. "To-day tbe end of tbe engagement with Ruby Thring will be announced," she said. 1 All right!" he agreed. " As sbon as you like." He spoke in a half-jaunty air, and added, " I suppose though, now we're engaged, we needn » oontinue this interview. We're not likely to take very kindly to the billing and oooing under the oiroumstanoeB. You love me about as much as I love you, I expeot." * " Are you contemplating another trick of some kind ? Is that the meaning of this sudden ohange of manner?" asked Miriam suBpioiouely. "I'm hauged if you're not more unreason able than even the rest of your sex," he ex claimed with a grin intended to cover the momentary start of confusion at her words. " Here am I falling in with every jot and tittle of your blessed plan, you're getting everything you ask for, and then you turn on me like that. You wouldn't have me ory, would you, bsoause I'm going to have i such a lovable, amiable, and silky creature for B "If I thought," began Miriam "Well, don't think,"he pub in when she paused. " Be contented witn having beaten me, and having foroed me to what I'd almost as soon die as do; and don't fool about trioks and Buspioiont and the rest of it, because I gibe at tne result. And look here," he oried with seme violenoe. " Don't you runaway with tbe idea that you're going to have a model hus band. I marry you because you force me, and beoause you've worn me down. But don't you run away with the notion that I won't do my best to make your life as miserable as I oan. By Heaven, but those who thwart me shal pay for it. You may comfort yourself with that assurance and make the best of itand h9 laughed bitterly and angrily. Miriam looked at bim keenly to see if he were acting and deceiving ber | and the scowl of hate whioh he returned satisfied her that he was in earnest. After a lew words, in whioh the final ar rangements were made for Balfonr to announce at the vioarage the breaking off of the engagement, they parted. As eoon aa he waa alone, Balfonr threw himself into a ohair and laughed oynically. " Phew 1 That waa a squeak. She'a aa sharp as the devil, bat I had her with that laBt burst of temper. There shall be a mar riage and at onoe, my lady, but not yours. I'm glad I thought of that knuokling down to her. She fell flop into the trap—though I devilieh near epoilt everything by the way I chuckled over the thought of selling her after all. Once let me get Ruby as my wife, and her slice of that old fool's money in my grasp, and they'll have to oome round whether they like it or not." He stopped to ohuokle over the prospeot of this. "Itll be a near shave though. Ruby must leave Mariwyoh to-day before the spitfire oan get to the vioarage; and before that hot beaded devil, Basil, gets wind of thia. I oan manage that. I'll pitoh some yarn or other into her about the need for getting away at onoe. I oan tell her that her old fool of a father has been round worrying me with his intention to take some stupid step or other about telling hiB wife of this business, or some thing of that sort. It'll only take half a hint to set her on fire ; and we oan be away thia afternoon. I'll go to the vioarage straight away." He rose at onoe, and aa be crossed the room he oaught sight of his faos in a large mirror. "Gad, I look a bit peaky. Hang that in fernal woman for giving mo these starts. But I'll do her yetand with a muttered oath be left the room. 