TREVETHAN'of ESSEX When Ludy Trevethan gavo an " afternoon " of tableaux, music, or the like, it was an understood fact that not only were hor guests to be strictly on time, but the most decorous silence was to be observed during the performance. Between whiles, witli a certain sense of escaped bondage, voices rose and fell so eagerly as almpsli to dampen the ardor of those who ' came next " on programmes apt to be a trifle heavy ; and so it chanced that on a certain aftornoon, during an interval of the kind, the conversation of two voung people not too prominently in the foreground was lost to the general ear. "I'm so glad we could sit back here," the girl was sighing, drawing a breath of satisfaction. " You see, that's the only reason I dared say be ten minutes late," her companion answered. "Mow, my darling, really I must see Mrs, Brooke to night ; you know it'll look awfully shabby not to tell her. I'd like to preach it from the house-tops at once." " Oh, Charlie !" The girl's fair soft eyes were turned upon him beseech ingly. " It was so lovely having it all to ourselves ! Don't you hate being congratulated ?" " Well, you see, dear," laughed Sir Charles Trevethan, looking with in dulgent fondness on the girl beside him, " my experience is probably nar rower than yours. I've been less sub ject to tho torture." "How can you, when you know I was never really engaged before?" " Don't apologise, my child. Heavens! Nora, it sounds wondorful to think of it And j'et, though it's not twenty- four hours ago, I feel as if it had been always my fate or fortune." " Grandmamma will be " The girl paused reluctantly, doubtless with some vision of the very characteristic manner in which old Mrs. Brooke would receive the news that Sir Charles Trevethan had proposed for her grand daughter's hand. It brought a tinge of soft pink into the clear, healthful white of her cheek. Tho young man at her side was quick to observe it. " Oh, never mind, rnv darling," ho said, lightly. " I don't doubt the old g— lady will not say no, and I'll try and make things as pleasant all around as. I can. I know what she'll like me to say, I fancy." The two pair of young and happy eyes met, smiled sympathetically, and a small gloved hand found its way cautiously into a larger, firmer one. " You're such an old dear !" sighed the girl, in the delicious whisper which belongs to early hours of such companionship ; and how many more of these old-fashioned sentiments would have been exchanged I cannot say, since at this moment Nora Shir ley's little sigh of content was lost in the opening bars of " Ta-ra-ra- boom- de-ay," which music of the moment preceded an ingenious song and dance by a noted young professional engaged for half an hour at the price of an evening's performance at her own theatre. The reaction was almost too much for the audience, who applauded loud and long, but it was tho last number on the programme. The famous soubrette positively could not give an encore, and had, indeed, only time for a nod and smile to Charlie Trevethan, who was handing his sweetheart into her carriage just as the fair one of Gaiety fame was being driven rapidly home. ' "111 be punctual, my darling," he said, leaning his blonde head and broad shoulders into the window of the brougham, and, much to tho disgust of certain young gentlemen eager for a fow words with the American beauty of the hour, effectually hiding hor from view. "You must tell your grand mother to expect me by six o'clock. Really, you know, it won't do to wait longer." And, however anxious the pair might bo to prolong the delightful secrecy of the past twenty-four hours, Nora Shirley, as sho drove back to Bolton Garden, was as well aware as her lover that the fact of their be trothal the night before at Mrs, Monk- haven's ball must be made known. Meanwhile, his handsome young head well in tho air, Charlie Treve than walked down to his club, reflect ing upon the strange but happy cir cumstances which had led to last night's event, to the mutual pledge of an affliction lie knew to be as well grounded as it was from a worldly point of view slightly unauthorised. Bight months ago, travelling in the Tyrol, he hud met Nora Shirley and her grandmother, Mrs. Brooke. That with his first glance he was taken by her loveliness was not surprising, since it had already beon made famous, and was in a way insisted upon by Mrs. Brooke's skill in devising tho girl's richly simple dress. No furbelowing or tinselling did the shrewd old lady, who was an artist in her way, permit Miss Shirley's milliners to indulge in.- Tho faultless lines of Nora's figure, tho noble poise of her head on a neck and simulacra Diana might have envied, needed no dressmaker's art to reveal or destroy. The lovely chestnut-tinted hair with its backward ripple would have beon masqueraded under the hands of some coiffeuscs ; but Mrs. Brooke's maid Joanna was an ubi. gail worthy of her art,, add know precisely how to softly coil her young lady's chestnut locks, a bit above the napo of her pretty nock, how to reveal tho perfect little ear, how to let a loose lovolock or two stray ' from soft bondngo above the smooth young brow. Those candid hazel eyes of Nora's under their delicate dark brows would havo lost something shaded by the conventional bang of tho hour. As it was, the lines and the frank sweetness of their glance were unhampered. For the rest, Miss Nora hnd as urch a noso and mouth as could bo desired, and to be commended even by a moulderof classic forms, since with out their challenge to severity her type IHIffltf. hn VA - 1mnn nnl/l 4 04,w w vuHmuuiou Y.UlUi English people considorcd her — what sho was, naturally inclined to bo un conventional ; foreigners adored hor simple unallected way of regarding hollow form ; bub all kinds and condi tions of men and women declared the girl's manners and what was revealed of hor nature to be almost miraculously devoid, as she was, of anything jar-, ring, since it was clear to all who met the girl and hor grandmothor that her tutelage for six years had been in a school of cold-blooded world- liness. Doubtless the reason of Nora Shirley's charm at twenty was to bo found in her inherited instincts and earlier influences, for "poor" Jack Shirley, as her honest, true-hearted, but unsuccessful father had been called, in tenderness by his friends and con tempt by the Brooke connection, taught his girl up to her fourteenth year a far different creed from that which she was bidden to learn later. When Trevethan came upon Mrs. Brooke's party it was with a prejudice against a girl whose portrait had been in print, and her praises published nearly as baldly as are those of English pro fessional beauties, but the- first inter view dispelled all these fancies. Nora, in one of those artfully simple gowns of a dullish pink, with only a string of corals for ornament about that white throat of hers, was engaged for the evening teaching pinocle to a nearly deaf and very stupid old gentle man, and in order to talk' to or bo near her at all the young Englishman had to sit by and assist in the dreary undertaking. They never know just when "it" began, but no doubt Mrs. Brooke had seen it from the start, and, as young Trevethan thought, the old lady over her felt sure that in marrying Nora he was not only securing thoir mutual happiness, but rescuing her from a bondage which to so clear and free a vnrmcr smil mnsfc ho intolernhlo. j — o " Oh, of course, grandmamma," the girl was saying a little later, " you must have known it would .happen sooner or later. I hope " (impossible to repress the sarcasm)—" I hope 'you won't bo hard on poor Charlie. I know it's not as much of a match as you expected — " And hero this do- signing young person . sighed, and looked down into the depths of the fire old Mrs. Brooke insisted upon nearly all the year around in her own apartment. " The Marquis de Yille- mora might have been better, hut then," sho smiled, with another sigh, ' " wo nevor quite— landed —him ; did we, granny 1" Mrs. Brooko, from her great chair, on the arms of which her white jewelled hands were firmly planted, looked at Nora sternly. She was a woman not yet sixty, whose features, coloring and form Nora had inherited. A " beautiful '' woman people still called her, not looking her years by a decade, hut as good a foil in the chill ing severity of her face and the as sumed sweetness of her manner as the- girl required. " You have picked up a great deal of slang, it seems to me, Nora," Mrs. Brooko remarked, calmly. , "I- hope. Sir Charles doesn't encourage it, I — well, for my part I am satisfied— if you are.' "I?'' The girl's down-bent, face giowea soisiy, out sue. wens on quiesiy : "And why shouldn't. I he? Have I anything but myself to offer ? And think, granny, do— of all tho grandeur — " She broke, off confusedly, hut from what cause sho did not ex plain. "To be Lady Trevethan is not so much," Mrs. Brooke admitted. " But a man Of his position — and wealth —three country houses, aren't they? And tho town-house is really his, although ho lets his mother and sisters live there. But you could manage all that, I daro say." Mrs. Brooke by this time was too ongrossed in her subject to remark a certain dreaminess in Nora's looks. "They would have to take another, house, of course. And tho family jewelp would ho yours, naturally. I was "told they are magnificent." The girl made a quick .impatient gesture. Her face had Ipaled again. " Oh, no doubt, no doubt." She was leaving the room, and turned to add: "I must, however,, granny, make one suggestion, As I am the person most conoevned do not allude to these points just yot. Isn't it in novels that the family jewels are always reset? So probably before we seo them that will have to bo done." She laughed, and went away down the corridor to her own room. It was nearly six o'clock. Her heart was beating, not with any dread or doubt as to the result of the forthcoming in terview, but with happiness, dashed by just one faint misgiving ; but ovon that, thought tho girl, need not mar so fair and simplo a joy as tho day had brought her. She sat down in her dressing-room window, and leaning her elbows on tho broad sill, rested her face in her hands. Not of tho strip ' of ranke-beiievc lawn, tho dusty flower- j garden, or iiedgo below was she think- : ing, although hor eyes rested upon thorn, as on tho evening sky just faintly hinting at a departing day. Nor wa3 Iter mind absorbed solely in its new food for rapture. "It may not — must not — hurt him,'1 sho was saying to herself. "It must be forover his greatest good, and he must soo it as I do," and a smile, wistful and self- compassionate, 'touched hor 1 ips. " Do I. see it so ?" sho ques tioned. "The awful deed is done," Treve than exclaimed, when in answer to hor grandmother's personal summons sho joined her lovor. "And now let me tell you my little plan for Thurs day. Your grandmother has— well, I know sho would like to see ono of my places, so I thought of making up a party, just a . dozen or so, and going down to tho Yows for three or four days. I could easily got the people together ; those nice Brownoll girls from New York would like it, I dare say, and — oh, well, we'd have no end of a good time ; and you see, my darling, I'd nave mo pleasure or snowing you ono of our future homes." : - Ho was sitting beside her on tho sofa, and waited for Nora to show some of tho enthusiasm she had always evinced for any of tho many de lightful " plans " he had mado for her amusement, even during the early days of their acquaint ance, Nora's liend was not raised, and her slim little fingers wore ner vously locked together. " Why, of course," she admitted, with singular reluctance j "but then — you know, Charlie " And her eyes, adorably, gentle in their glance, were lifted to his. " I hope you don't think I cure for any of these externals. Has it seemed to you I was thinking of your rank or your places when I said I loved you ?" " My dear girl, no, no ; never !" Sir Charles exclaimed, anxiously, for there was something perplexing in the girl's manner impossible to define. " And, Nora, listen — I don't caro half us much as you'd suppose for anything of the sort. I've not tho — woli, perhaps, proper feeling I should have for old family traditions. Now, there's my nephew Jack." " Yes, yes ; " the girl was keenly interested now. She knew Jack Tre vethan, knew also the sad story of his father's life, and she and the lad were closest friends. "Well, Jack thinks more, I believe, of one- of the old trees at the Yews than I do of the whole estate. He's fairly hungry for everything connected with the family." "Can't Jack come with us?"' said Nora, suddenly. Sir Charles' face fell slightly. Jnck Trevethan seldom, was asked to meet his unclo's guests, but Sir Charles was only too anxious to please bis sweet heart's idlest fancy. " Why, of course, my darling, if you like," lie as sented, with reluctance, "but I don't reany Know wnecner ne a quite caro to himself, you know." " Oh, yes," exclaimed Nora, eagerly, " I'm sure he would, especially if I made a point of it I" He kissed her and then, his eyes twinkled. "So that's how the land lies, is it ?" he laughed. " Poor old Jack 1 Well, I suppose sooner or later you grind them all under your wheels." " Oh, Charlie I" Her face flamed. "Not that! No, no! I could tell you a secret or two of Jack's which would end that. No, no. Why, Jack and I are just good friends. He's so given to melancholy at times, you know, and you remember how I could always clieer liim up. Well, I have his whole confidence." Sir Charles laughed again. ' It was such a wholesome, honest laugh, and he looked so brave and handsome as ho sat there, that with the same thoughts darting through her mind which had filled it an hour ago, the girl felt new resolution in what, trutli to tell, was rather a hazardous enter prise, especially for an American. " I'm glad he has so good a coun sellor," her lover said, generously. "And I'll toll you what, my darling— in your next tete-a-tete tell him from me if — if it's a love affair, you know, of the right sort, and money is in the way, he needn't hesitate. He's always been such a proud young cub I couicin t cio nair jl wanted to tor him, but at such a time he can't refuse, .what is right." The girl's oyes shone. "I'll tell him," she said, and then the conversa tion, with various significant silences, turned to the proposed visit to the Yews. Sir Charles had been quite right in saying that it would be easy to assemble a party for such an expedi tion, and one which would combine elements varied yet congenial. In spite of the fact that the season was at its height, some fifteen peoplo of various ranks and pursuits were in vited, all of whom accepted' it only for a day, but,, as Sir Charles had ob served, Jack Trevethan proved a little "difficult." "Of course it's like the dear old boy," Jack admitted, as he strolled beside Nora in the park early one morning. "But, Nora, you,1 knowing -everything, must see how I feel I It's such humbug to call me one of the family even." ";But Sir Geoffrey adopted you formally, Jock," exclaimed the girl, who know that everyone was aware of the fact that Charlie's elder . brothor hud in an impulse adopted the child of a " daughter of the regiment " to which he had belonged. Geoff had been years Charlie's senior, and in dying hud begged his family to caro for " little Jack," a tall lad of fifteen then, and to whom he left tho rem nant of his fortune which he had not wasted. Whether it was the profound | senso of relief which poor Geoff's death certainly occasioned in the family far and near, or their spirit of compassion for and interest in tho handsome, manly lad himself, I am unablo to say, but certain it is that Jack Trevethan, as he was always | called, met with the kindest treatment | from his adopted father's family. Ho had the best of tutors ; he went, as Charlie had done, to . Eton and to Oxford ; he acquitted himself as well as ten out of .a hundred, and from a high, strong senso of loyalty, of grati tude, towards his benefactors, ho nevor called them his "family," even to himsolf ; he led a life rigidly free from all dissipation, even from ordinary re creations'. of youth, and it was this lmbit of reserve and repression which no doubt accounted for tho tinge of melancholy in his looks and manner, which tho young Indies of his acquaint ance considered so captivating. In dissipating this, Nora had dis covered a fund of boyish enthusiasm to bo drawn upon and 'turned to good account, and so it came about that tho two wdre fast friends, and no doubt if it lmd not been for that sentiment Nora hinted at, poor Jack's heart might have suffered, sinco if sho did not, as her lovor declared, ' "grind them all," she assuredly enslaved nearly overy singlo man on whom she cast more than tho first smile. " You talk a great deal of nonsense, jncK, ouseryocif ins mentor, calmly, and looking up, into tho" pink lining of hor lace parnsoi ; " and let me tell you I can't think how delightful it will' be for mo to have you show mo about the Yews. Charlie says you know and care for it all so thoroughly." Young. Trpvcthan's thin dark face glowed. " 01), if it. comes to that," ho admitted, " no one could care more for the place than I do f And ns for knowing it. Well; you see, when I was a youngster— even when quite a little chap, and before' it was known or fully understood that- Sir. Geoffrey had adopted'me — I was allowed to visit the housekeeper.there, and, of course, no ono being at home, . I had the run of tho place,, house and all. , Not a crea ture but I mado friends with ; and as o.ld Mrs. Tibbotts liked nothing better thnn to have a good listener, I heard every bit of tho history of tho Treve- tlians and the place itself. You know the others aro only small affairs — a shooting-box and a sort of remodelled farmhouse — Dorley Court, that is." "Indeed?" Nora was much in terested. "I'd like to hear about Dorley," she added. ...... " Oh, I can tell you about that, too," ho returned., "Oh, yes, I'm a good guide-book where the Trevethans are concerned." "And Charlie tells me Dorley Court is near the Yews?" " Oh, only a matter of thirty miles or so— nearer the water." " And could you— could I go over there, Jack ?'l " Why, yes ; but it's scarcely worth while. Charlie nor the girls — none of them, in fact, ever go /there, I fancy. It is let now." His face colored. "He always says," laughed the young man, "that I must have Dorley when I marry.'' Nota smiled with the charming half compassionate, wholly sympathetic sweetness which oue happily engaged person can snow anotner less rorcunaco in an affair of the heart. "Does Nell know this, Jack ?" she said, gently. "I've told her; but then, you see, Nora, I don't feel I've a right to any thing but my own three hundred a year.. There's my confounded pride again !" But the upshot of this conversation was that when the important day for, the journey came, young Trevethan was not only of tho party, but had been stimulated by Nora into quite a brightened mood, and all the happier because on the preceding evening, dining with Charlie at his club, he had been shown ' a very - pretty little noto from Lady Trevethan inviting ono Miss Elinor Bendley and her younger sister for, a night to the Yews. / ..." They know it's impromptu, of course," Sir Charles said, with anxiety to cover up a 'feeling of confusion under Jack's expression of gratitude, " and I suppose they'll come. You know hor ladyship" (slid was his father's second wife) "well enough to be sure she will make . any guest wel come and well treated, and, to tell the truth," he added, -triumphantly, " Nora intends to make thorn her special companions. " In his character of host Sir Charles preceded his invited guests by a few hours, taking Jack with him, and all that could be done to make his bride- etecc nonorect in tins, ner nrso visit to liis home, had been thought of since the plan had been formulated; and' Mrs. Brooko assumed hor stateliest manner and most con descending air of approval as sho and Nora, in the family brougham, were driven up the great avenue of yows towards the house. Nora's eyes, dwelling on every feature of the really grand old place, filled softly with tears. " A superb place," Mrs. Brooke was pronouncing. "Really," to Sir Charles, who, beaming with honest satisfaction, faced them, " it makes one forgive the law of entail when one sees what it can do for a place and family like this." . " I'm not at all sure I care for en tailed property," said tho young man, gravely; "And, radical that I am, I beliovo I'd do away with it to- morrow if I could. It is often a delusion and a snare;. and how many poor chaps hang on by the eyelids, so to speak, to some forlorn hope of inheritance, some steppinginto dead men's shoes, instead of turning to account tho good that is within them 1 Take my own case," ho continued, with that / kindling of his. blueoyes whioh certainly did away with any impression of carelessness his easy manner often produced. "Had poor Geoff' lived iivo years longer I don't doubt, knowing tho lifo ho led, I should have idled away all my time, concluding mysolf his. heir, and as such accepting a liberal income. Natu rally, when the title, cgm'e to me it . -v , - . ,<, brought obligations with it, but" — his smile reachod and mot Nora's — " after all I lost some better perhaps — " Nora said nothing ; her look im plied, "I know what you mean," and j the next moment tho brougham turned the famous curve in the drive which brought into full view tho home of the Trevothans. "A noble pile," tho guide-books called it. Soon in tho soft spring twilight for tho first time by Nora's eyes it might havo been an idoal structure from the past, something whioh had been roared from dreamland or fairy lore, castel lated,' turreted, its many windows piorcing tho groy stone, hero and there framed in green, again arching forward, its four door ways leading by broad shallow steps to torraco3, lawns and gardens, its main entrance free from enclosure yet splendid in proportion: — all kindled in Nora Shirley the enthusiasm one feels beholding for tho first time something perfect . in pictorial art as well as' architecture. It was a picture in real life, or in stono and mortar. . Sir Charles held her hand closely us Iio whispered her " welcome, " but there was no chance 'for sentiment betweon the two. Just- then to show Mrs. Brooke proper attention was of tho first consequence, and it was lino to seo tho way in which the old lady allowed herself to be conducted in state, so to speak, up tho flight of stone scops ana into the magnihcent en trance hall, where Lady Trevethan and hor daughters wero waiting to re ceive her granddaughter and herself. By Nora's desire and Sir Charles' cordial agreement their arrival pre ceded that of the other guests, so that, in spite of the imposing grandeur of tho pluee, the great hall, with its double stairway and gallery at the back, the lofty stained-glass win dows, tho great fireplace sending forth gleams of red and yellow light on oldest armor : and tapestry, there was a decided informality in the reception of the two ladies, and as Nora was a personal favorite of the plain-looking Trevethan girls, who thought her simply adorable, a suf ficient heartiness was given their gene rally cold manner to make the girl feel at home. "I had tea sent into tho yellow room," said Lady Trevethan to her stepson. " I thought that — cozier." And if not precisely cosy, from its air' of luxury, many windows, and lining of old portraits, it wns certainly, Nora confessed as sho was led by Joan Trevethan., into the room thus desig nated, as charming a small drawing- 'room as could be devised. Mrs. Brooke accepted hor seat of honor with dignified affability. Al ready sho saw Nora occupying tho seat where ..Lady Trevethan now sat, metaphorically speaking, and she herself as a sort of general presiding genius — a beneficent but careful dis penser of the good things to be had from the house and name and fortune of the Trevethans, for, tall and strong and fearless as the young baronet looked, had he not shown himself more than amenable to her suggestions? And as for Nora, anything so docile as her behavior had been since her engagement the. old lady had not imagined possible. Charlie Trevethan's blue eyes scarcely jerc ins sweettiearc as, in ner charming costume of silver grey, finished so daintily in every detail, she sat near his stepmother, sipping her tea from the old Dresden cup, while just above her over the chimney-piece hung tho portrait of the Lady Trevethan of a century ago, who had been a famous beauty in the court circle of her day. Sir Charles; looked from the painted beauty, the fair smiling girl in a gown of green satin, with the Trevethan peai-13 on neck and arms and coiled in the heaped-up puffs of brown hair, to the living loveliness of his bride-elect, whose face, lighted with youth find happiness, was far sweeter than that of the woman of court triumphs pic tured above. " "When she is mistress here," was his mental exclamation, " what a queen she will be !" And at the same moment lie encountered Mrs. Brooke's calm, self-satisfied gaze. Her conclu sions as to the future had just become fixed in hor shrewd old mind. Presently there was a move to show the ladies to their rooms, and Nora found herself following Miss Trevethan through tho wide arched corridors like a creature in a dream. " How can I do it?" was her internal question. Her rooms — a suite fit for royalty — adjoined those of her grandmother; but she could be alone in thorn. There was a boudoir hung in palo rose satin, nttea witn every luxury and comtort that wealth and taste could dovise ; sleeping and dressing rooms beyond, equally harmonious. But still, even as Nora, too fastidious by nature not to be charmed with her surroundings, moved from one room to another, directed the maid what to prepare for the even ing, and glanced from 'the windows to the stretch of park and gardens bolow, all representing Trevethan im portance, tho same dreamlike feeling possessed hor. Sir Charles was early in the draw- ing-rooin. All the guests had arrived. There was unusual animation through the groat house, and more than ono pair of lovers felt happier than in many a long day. Sir Charles, coming down stairs, had found Jack /Tre vethan in the hall with a tall, sweet-faced, gentle- looking girl — the Miss Nell Bendley of Jack's dreams— and had stopped for a few words of special welcome to her. Then ho had joinod the few who wero already assembled, and fifteen minutes later the groat drawiug-room — a spacious apartment, rich in tapestries, statuary and white and gold satin hangings — was animated by twenty gaily laughing and talking people, all eager to greet Sir Charles' sweetheart, but at the same time well aware that there would bodiying this visit endless ainusemont for their individual fancies j and inclinations, Then the doors ope'ned, and Mrs. Brooke and Nora I Shirley came into tho room. ' I Not one of that company ever forgot ! the impression she produced at that moment. Sir Charles had not vainly said his bride would look a queen, for as she moved slowly forward in a gown of palest yellow gauzo wrought with silver, her lovelynock and arms gleam ing whiter than tho pearls upon them, her dainty head held high, her face innocont yet proud, no Lady Tre vethan of tho past could have looked fitter for her place and title, and the stately old lady at her side might have been a dowager of tho name. "Are you dreaming, Nora?" Sir Charles half whispered, laughingly, a few moments later, as he was taking her into dinner. "My darling, your eyes look as if you wero not seeing tilings about you." "Oh, yos, I ami" rejoined Nora, cheerfully. "You can't, think how closely I've been observing. I believe by to-morrow I- shall bo able ovon to instruct Jack." : When', dinner had progressed far enough for her to claim Sir Charles' undivided, attention again, she con tinued. - " There is ono favor, Charlie, I must ask." -' " A hundred, my child." " Gh no," she said, very prettily. " Only one this time; and for the sake of tho other ninoty-nino you must grant it. I want Jack to take mo over to seo Dorloy Court." " Jack — Dorley Court !" echoed Sir She interrupted him. " But I've set my heart on it. Oh yes., ; Nell Bendley. can go with us, and I've been thinking if we could go vory early in the morning we'd be back 'before break fast, I just .want to see it.'' ''It's the most extraordinary thing," objected Sir, Charles. "And why on earth I'm not to go — " " No, no," she laughed. " Let mo arrange this 1 ono matter for myself, dear. Please say yes." To look at her and say no at that moment would have been impossible, and so it was decided, Sir Charles and. Nora together arranging later . with Jack that .by sunrise, to gratify this strange whim, they should set forth. Nora,' for tho best of reasons, never could forget that morning's journey. She" was up by daybreak,' took a hasty breakfast, and then in a high dogcart sho and Nell Bendley and young Trevethan set forth just as the first splendor of the sun was light ing up the park and glorifying all the fair green countryside beyond. Paint scents of the sea reached them as they nenred the quaint little village of Dorley, two miles back of which stood the old-fashioned picturesque dwelling, known as Dorley Court. Nora uttered an exclamation of de light as she caught the first glimpse of the largo irregular old brick mansion, far more to her own taste even than the splendors of the Yews. The lower storey, with' its low; graciously-curved bow windows, tho arched entrance fronting a grand walk, and as quaint a flower garden ns ever Herrick's Julia walked in,; the many and picturesque irregularities of the building, tho broad lawn and woodland beyond, all under tho fair morning sky, looked to her an ideal home. Nell Bendley's eyes were quite as intent upon it all. Tho little maiden was remembering that perhaps ono day sho was to bo mistress neie, ana tnero was a turtive pressure of Jack's hand as (he trio, wero admitted to tho house. Tho family occupying the place, as Nora had ascertained, were away, and so they were free to wander about the. quaint old rooms ; and Nora, eager for every detail, listened to Jack's minute account of everything — how in one room, two centuries ago, a prince of i..u realm'had slept ; how in a certain narrow corridor a ghost walked at Michaelmas ; how in a small turret chamber an heir to the Trevethans had been hidden to languish and die. Sho looked, listened, and drove home almost in silence, but at breakfast was unusually animated. " You surely can't have letters to write, Nora," Sir Charles said, a littlo crossly, when she declared her inten tion of going for an hour to lier room. " Ob, but I have," said the girl, " most important ones. And Charlie, in about an hour, can I have a talk with you quite — quite alone ?" Of course she could ; and when she returned from her correspondence, having deposited her letters in tho mail-bag, she found Sir Cliarles waiting to conduct her to his own sanctum — a -room half library, half "den," but filled with evidences of his versatile tastes, for Sir Charles was by no means a mere man of leisure. " He read; thought, planned for the "people " ; he was interested in art, tne aramas, ana moaern tiction. in fact, many of his friends declared he was " spoiled " for various pursuits of professions by his wealth and titles. Of all moments — hours — in her. twenty years of life that was the hardest Nora Shirley could have known. Sir Charles held her hand olosely in his as they stood in the deep embra sure of tho window, looking down anxiously into her uplifted face. "Nora," he said, gravely, "what is it, little girl 1 Tell me frankly, unre servedly. You aro in some trouble. ' She nodded. " Yes, unless you will do as I ask." " Ask me." Her glance fell. "You must — marry mo— as soon as you can." The words came in a low but clear tone, and her downbent face was flaming. " And by special license. No one but Jack and Noll Bendley must be witnesses." " Nora 1" Ho started back, letting her bands fall. " Oh, but you must I" cried the girl, lifting hor lovely face to his. " You must, or else give rao up for ever. There is simply no alternative." " Nora," exclaimed her lover, angrily, " what mad folly is this? What do you think I am, to olope, as it were, with tho woman all the world knows I am pledged to? Are you sane ? What am I to think ?" The eyes looking at her lover were wet with tears. " You must trust me. You will find out — as soon — ten minutes after wo are married — my reason— and that I was right. If you will not trust me ill this you will repent it, I know, every hour of your life." " Of all extraordinary, crazy, wild performances this is tho worst." So reflected Sir Charles Trevethan one rather dismal morning a week after the party at the Yews had broken up. How Nora had carried her point oven lie could not say. But the fact was that at the present moment lie was standing with Jack Trevethan in a chilly West End church, deserted save for one or two loungers who had sauntered in. Tha curate was waiting tho bride's arrival, and all pooi Trevethan could think of to console him was tho fact that at all events the ceremony would make Nora his wife, and that he could then hold her to her part of the bargain — the re vealing of that mighty secret. A light rustle of drapery, quick footsteps, and up the aisle came Miss Shirley, looking very pale, but happy, and accompanied only by Nell Bend ley. A strange conclusion did this wedding seem to tho ovations of society, the stir and flutter Nora's en gagement to Sir Charles Trevethan had occasioned ; and if old Mrs, Brooke, at the moment peace fully . sleeping in Bolton Gar dens, could havo witnessed tho affair, I am inclined to think death from shock would have' followed. But jo w ua uvuf very £>uun, uuo iiiiuitis uuiy registered, and the nearly silent quar tette went out to the brougham in waiting. They wero to drive to a Dover- street hotel, where Sir Charles' lawyer had agreed, also by Nora's re quest, to meet them. ' He was a rosy-cheeked,, / good- humored-looking little man, this family solicitor, Mr. Drake, and he infused the first jollity into the -party as ho welcomed them, shaking everybody by tho hand, and trying to Iqok ns cheer ful as ho certainly did' not feel. ; " And now, Nora," said Sir Cliarles, ratlier sadly, when they were all in tho private sitting-room engaged, " tell . me to wliJ cause, am I to assign this caprice of yours ?" The girl's sweet eyes met, his with a look of such unutterable content it was hard for him to keep up the air of severity ho folt the occasion required. "Mr. Drake will tell you,"- she answered simply, and then turned, going over to a window, where she btood, her arm circling Nell Bendley's waist. " Why, you see, my dear, boy," said tho old family lawyer, with great em barrassment, " it is just this way.' Thi3 young lady — I beg pardon — Lady — ahem ! — your wife — came unexpectedly upon some evidence — through a visit to an old church — that — ahem ! — you legally have no clnim to the title — that, in fact, John Trevethan's mother had been legally married to yourbrother. Well — she confidentially consulted me, bound mo over to secrecy, and I " found out, I reg — I have. to. tell you that the evidence is conclusive. The supposition is that Sir Geoffrey was not — ahem ! — -desirous of placing his wife as mistress of the Yews — in fact, we find he bought her off, and she died soon after — so that but for Miss- Shir ley's discovery the truth nevei\\. would have /been known. ' There- is not a shadow of doubt, I assure you, as to f.lia fnflfc " They were alone, Trevethnn and his wife. Half an hour had passed since the thunder-bolt had fallen. The others had withdrawn to an adjoining room, and now Nora was waiting with un wonted timidity for hor . husband to speak. " Nora," ho said at last, " why did you not make mo your first confidant?" His arms were about liei-.y/ He could feel the quick beating ofi her loving heart. % . " Because, dear, I wanted first to be your wife— to' prove that I married you solely for yourself, you know." She spoke- rapidly, but with tenderly uplifted eyes. ' Everyone would liavu tried' to make trouble for us. Granny never would have consented, and you would have perhaps been proud and cold. But now, sweetheart," her arms moved upwards and crept about his neck, "I am your wife — only Mrs. Charles Trevethan, but the hap piest, proudest girl in all of England — ' all the world.'' And I question whether, as lie held her closely to his heart and kissed her with tho eagerness of husband as well as lover, a happier, prouder man than Charles Trevethan, Esq., of - Dorley Court, Essex, could have been found, for, had not this girl proved her love and loyalty as he believes to-day no other woman with the world at her feet could have done ?. 