CHAPTER II. ? .Letty !' The girl came slowly, rory riojrltóte warda me, her whole gait ezprr jssinjçpmti tatton mingling with eagernea j, but what she ventared to look at me, ea/ genes* aroa the day, and she ran the lasti few ft«*. . low and yarning in her era* T^ -4 * How ill you have been P she said, b put ute back when I would liavo soiz her, her two palms against my breai and that sweet, pure, true message fro a good woman's soul, shining straig through to my sinful one, and making f awhile a heavenly sunshicie there. ' Kiss me, Letty,' I said, and she dre my head down with a soft, quick gestn and kissed me between the eyes. I did not like that kiss-I was n grateful for it It was too valedictory too affectionate-it was the kiss of pa sion, of love, I wanted, and my face mu have changed, for immediately I saw rt double, mortified and scowling, befoi me. 'Tongive me a strange welcome,' said, turning away, 'sud it evident! would not have grieved you much if had never returned for one at all.' ' The light would have gone out of m «**áky if you had died,' she said, ' and tl Tworld have grown dark.' Sho stood apar looking down. Her lips trembled, all h( young beauty seemed to throb to tb music of her words, and again I wi afraid. A. woman never shows such ei ceeding tenderness as when she is abot to convey herself away from you. . ' What do you mean, Letty P' I sait sternly. A great, bnsh of azaleas towered behin her in the warm, red room, the flower were no whiter than her'cheeks as sh said, ' Ton are not strong yet. Wait a little Gome back to me .when you are well.' . * I am as well as I ever was,' I saic abrnptedly. ' Let ns have it . out non You have changed your mind abont me .Hp.' ' Yon have ceased to love me P' «No.' ' Your father wishes yon to marry some body else.' 'I don't allow my father to choose m; husband.' ' Am I right or wrong in supposing tba you chose me P' . I said I would-think-about-it.' 'WellP' * And I have^-thonght-about-it.' ' And yon don't think me good enough. A'pause. «m* 'Then you do think me good enoughP 'Ne. I mean '-hesitating-' you ar< : quite good enongh for most people-onlj yon are not good enough for-yourself.' "* Well done, little Puritan. But am 3 ' goof! enough for you P' . i love you, Boy,' she aaid^ with a d ig. nity and strength I had never before seen 'u untied in woman, ' but I could not trust 'myself to you, dear, as yon are now. Yon bave made mb love you-couldn't yon make me respect you P Ifs not too late wet/ she added, so naively that I nearly kissed her ou the spot. ' Letty,' I said, ' how long have these doubts of my goodness troubled you P' She looked at me with those moorland eyes that were not hazel, nor browu, but whose ehabgeful beauty suggested the life, the play, the movement of one of the moors shs loved so well, and said, 'It was a long while ago, Boy, before I loved you ; bnt I tam so obstinate I would -and now is come the time to pay the viper.' * It has,* I said, promptly. ' Kiss me directly and put all such nonsense as be- ing good enough for each other out of your dear little head. We are good pnough to love, I suppose P' >Q i yes,' she said, with a heavy sigh, 'the*poorest, the most miserable woman «añilo tpafc. And you can_ make anyone love yon, you piQaee-rrthat is what makes me so wild-¿hat when £ was told so, when I knew it, I deliberately fell in with all the other ßbeep-and tailed after \- y°tt* _ ' Only I didn't want to marry the other oneB,'I said, ' and I do want te marry you.' fgré were sitting down by now, and the ¿empered warmth of thé flower-scented 4ajnty-room st/)le through my veins, and sroduced in me, despite my anger, a feel' lng of profound . bien-etjre.' 'Don'*) look like thaM' she said, sharply, suddenly, and on the instant I «aw myself, a sensuous sybarite, lolling at my ease, ray soul sunk to a pinpoint in a ¡temple of .flesh. Between us sat Letty, her eyes blazing. Jjjfif you only knew how you can look,' jc^Wd^rapidly, 'when yon allow the real man in yon to speak, you would .never take so m'pch pleasure in trifles-* . nothings-a pleasant room, a j»nltlëïs easy chair, a perfect dinner, a'piptnrp, or, agoed opera; these are all the 'super-i »fluides of life, and you mistake them' for the kernel.' -'Yon are hard on me,* I said, * but I ^might commit worse crimes than thoBe I {have enumerated. You forget that I have jBothing to do/ 'Thenfind something,' said the girl, breathlessly. 'Use your intellect, do some goei with your money, make a name aSfflg yonr fellows for something besides tiSméaa taste, and then,' her voice faltered to the most exquisite tenderness, > if you still remember a silly, ignorant girl,1 come back to her, Roy, and make har prond of you.' Was she in the conspiracy, with the ghost and Santucho? In a moment I saw my faco as the face of a devi!, impossible to load or to turn, and J saw tho girl shrink back, and then turn mortally pale, as if I had fixed a dart in her breast. 11 should have no power over you,' she said, brokenly. ' No woman could do it you must conquer yourself-mark your life out afresh, and build it up bit by bit -and no ono eau help you.' ' I have been no worse a man than thousands of others-thau half your acquaintances,' I said. 'No. But I want you to be better. Such gifts as yours were never given to ho flung away in the life of a mere idler ' -she hesitated. ' And a man about town,' I said, 'but it's too late. I am now more than twice your age, and I ara wedded to my faults, to my habits-' * No,' she said, coming swiftly over to me, sud taking my chin in one of ber hands, she turned my face upon her for inspection. 4 There's will here,' she said, scanning my features, ' and strength of mind, yes, and indomitable pluck and patience, too, if you only let them have fair play-." 'You are an impudent little jade,* I said, pulling out a detaiuiug hand, but she eluded me, and resumed her lecture at a distance. ' With that obstinate jaw,' she said, ' do you mean to say that you can't do anything that you like P' 'Certainly I do, for I can't get you. And if yon persist in treating me like a puppet, Letty-why you know the penal- ties-so don't you come pinching my chin with your ridiculous forefinger and thumb again.' Letty clapped her hands. 4 You are improving already,' she said. 4 You are growing natural-as you used to be before you got wicked-' ' Which was before you were born, you bit of thistledown,' I said. ' Ah !' Letty sighed. 41 wish I could have taken you in hand sooner. The best husbands '-she blushed-4 are those who marry young. But I don't think marriage is in your line-and-and I thrashed it ali eut in my mind during those awful five weeks you were ill and I-made-up my-mind.' 'Yes.» ' You remember you were taken ill the very day after you asked me to be your wife. I did not answer yon then. I told no one. 1 shonld 'have been advised alternately io marry you for your money, and refuse you for other reasons. When your life trembled in the balance I felt only that I loved you-could never love anybody else. . . . When you re- covered I said to myself,44 He has stood at the gates of death-if he has come back unchanged, no influence, not mine, or any other woman's can save him. . . . but if I soe a new soul in his eyes, hear a new spirit in his speak from his lips, I will risk the past and- love him." ' I answered her not a word. No effort of will'could instantaneously smooths «ut the bad lines in my face or renew a right spirit within me, the building up of the new man must.be the work of time-if ever I attempted it. 'Good bye, Letty,' I said, and looked long and steadily into the true, beautiful eyes that offered such brave guerdon to me, if indeed I shonld prove stronger than he who overcometh a great city, 'give me a little time, will you P And kiss me once, for good luck.' She looked at me earnestly, and a beautiful light broke over her face » . . did she indeed see something already in mine that gave her hope as to my /future 9 Then, standing on tip-roe, and colouring Uko a rose, she clasped her young arms round my ueak with all the strength of a woman, and kissed me ones quickly, on the month. . '.. '. and, though she broke away immediately, she' could not take away the memory of that gift from me, or still my hunger for the touch oí thone leader, fresh lips again! [Concluded iii OW next.) 