/ Li the Shadow of ' the Scaffold. v Last Moments of Noted Criminals. (From the Sunday Times, Sydney .) There is always considerable oxcito- meat in gaol on tho ovo of an oxooution. ; , That excitement hogins with the first entrance inside gaol' walls of tho criminal, and only dies when Nosoy Bob (tho Now South "Wales Exocu- tionorjeuts short tho life of tho unfor- . tnnate wretch at tho ond of his ropo. When a murderer is received in gaol Bpooulation runs very high amongst \- tho prisoners as to tho rosult of his . trial. Wagers are made in figs of . tobacco as to whethor tho prosecution will broafc down or whethor the judge will pronounco tho awful Bontonco. Then again, tho question of wbich judge will try tho case is a very strong . . element in tho speculation, which is rife. If thoy learn in tho yard that a certain sovoro judge will sit, ovory ; effort is niado to sook a postponement of the trial. They prefer any othor judge to this particular one. Immediately tho culprit is put on hiB trial a mossago is sent to tho .Governor of tho Gaol, stating that tho < man has boon arraigned for murdor. . A suit of condemned clothes with ' buttons down tho sido of the trousers, . after tho fashion of tho coster's, to- : gather with hoots and chains, aro u placed in the condemned coll, ready for ; the poor wretoh to wear on his return ; ' from hearing tho last words of his , i sentence, " May tho Lord havo morcy on your soul." For tho last night ho ' -wears spring irons, hut the second day \- tho ironB are rivotted, and thoso ho wears till within five minutes of his , execution. Whon ho enters his bath V he wears the manacles, andashopaces . up and down his coll tho clang, clang of the fetters can bo hoard. Of oourse the first thing that happens . the condemned man is that a clorgy- man of his denomination at onco at- it.: tends him, and ministors to his spiritual wants. ,, Tho effect of thoso religious minis- trations is very remarkable. The par- ,,, sons play no small part in tho last hours of tho condemned. Theirvisits, in the first placo, givo great hopo to : tho conviot. Each visit appears to . . buoy up tho poor wretch who still ' clings to tho iaoa that ho will be ro- : priovod. " Hope " is tho wholo oxis- tsnco of tho man in the condemned cell. ' Hopo " indueos him to pray as j . ho never did boforo in hiB life, and in the anguish of his soul ho pours forth . his petition in passionato oloquonco— i but not for tho salvation hereaftor, not for tho hope to como — for a ropriovo, . that his neck might ho savod. It is extraordinary tho promises they mako the Almighty if but tho ono prayer is answered — viz., a reprieve. , Makiu on his knoos, promised that for tho rost of his natural lifo ho would s carry a Bible or a pruyor book in his pocket. He promised, us penance, to !:. wear irons for sovon years. Broken 7 1 down with orying, ho would repeatedly ..urgo thoso pledges on tho Almighty. Hopo clings to the condomnod to tho last, and it is only whon Nosoy Bob ;I . comes in to strap thoir arms up that they give way and utter tho first and 7-: last devout prayer, " God have meroy y on me." Hakin at times, howover, when he thought the Lord was not ' helping to save his neok, fell back on . his own resources. Ho threatened to expose the parents of tho unfortunate \- babies ho had slaughtered. He made \- a long etatemont in writing, mention- . ing who 1 theso wore, but etrong in- . fluence was brought to hoar, and tho i man, under pressure, toro up tho documents. To the very last ho be- lioved that ho would bo saved, and ' only when his ohains were being knocked off;he saw his end had como. "Great God, and ami to dio?" ho ' muttered, while his pallid face and trembling hands told of the awful . struggle that was going on, and which was silenced forever a few minutes later; _ ' Louisa Collins was another specimen ,,-of the hoping condemned. "They ;j will never hang a woman," she de- dared ; " they will eparo my life atthe "last moment." Then whon she saw ; it was all over, when tho hangman came to escort her acrosB to tho .-gallows, she faintly said, "And has it come to this ?" ! "If you have a confession to make," urged -the chaplain, "do so now, as -you have only a few minutes to livo." "My confession will bo made to God, before whom I shall appear to-day," y she firmly answered. Perhaps there was novor an execu tion which was so bungled as this ono. : Howard, the hangman, had a now assistant who had to pull tho lever to drop tho trap. An iron pin is used to keop tho triggor from going off, but . at itho oxocutionor's signal this is ro- : moved and tho Ievor pullod. Howard adjusted the ropo, fixed it firmly and '. .called to his assistant to pull. Ho did .-pull, but in his excitemout had for gotten to roiuovo tho pin. " PnU, < pull," criod Nosoy Bob, and tho us- eistant pullod with all liis might. What anguish tho woman passed '. through in those brief moments when ,. she' heard the oxcited hangman and : bis assistant calling to ono another to \- tuny on the work of destruction can ht bel tor imagined than described. Boma there are who assert that she 'died with fright during that short ; | period. Luckily for the gaol autho- ' rities. Warder Matt. Coonan saw what : bad.: happened, and seizing a mallot, struok .the pin out of its socket, and the trap went fiying open, and Louisa Collins was shot into eternity. The sight that followed was siokening. : Blood streamed from the body, and a ' wen whioh the unfortunate woman had pafcr bw gwfc iras ripyo4 boa cs4 to ond, and presented a ghastly and awful nppoaranco. Poor Warder Coonan, who saved tho authorities a lot of tronblo, and made a butt of by tho -prisoners, ono of. whom composed tho following doggrel regarding tho affair, with apologies to " Who Killed Cock Bobin "Who hnngod Louisa Collins ? I, says Matty Coonan, Whilo Nosoy Bob was fooliu', I hanged Louisa Collins. It is needless to say that the warder did not appreciate tho efforts of the gaol bard. PerhapB ono of tho most romark- ablo criminals who was hangod was Frank JohnB. Quite a young man, intelligent and farseeing, he was onco roprieved, and in the end died the death of a folon. Ho was first sen tenced to doath as a member of tho famous' moonlight gang, of Waata- badgory famo. His youth saved Mb lifo. Next he stabbed a fellow pri- sonor. For this offoaco ho paid the last penalty of tho law. The crime for whioh ho was hanged was com mitted under vory strange circum- stancos. Whilo serving his first sen tence, ho was viBited by a lady mis sionary, old onough to bo bis mother. A droadfal scandal got about regarding tho relations between tho youthful bushraugorandtholady who ministered to his spiritual wants. TMs was strengthened by effusive and hysterical letters wMch tho lady addressed to John's mother, and the scandal be came public talk in tho gaol. A pri soner chaffod Johns about tbo gossip, and in a fit of temper ho stabbed tho man with a tablo-knifo, and paid for Ms rashness on tho scaffold. JohnB was inclined to Freothought notions, and Mr. Thomas Walker, M.L.A., usod to continually visit Mm. In tho moantimo, the Church of England olergym&n; and tho Wesloyon minister endeavored to lead Mm into Christian paths. "You both remind me," ho said, " of two mon on top of a well, looMng down at tho man who is drowning, and asking Mm if thoy can help Mm. I am like that drowning man. You save my neok first, then wo will talk about tho hereafter. Toko my hand ; foel it. Is it not warm ? Does not tho blood run freoly through it f Look at myoyes. Aro they not bright? Yet to- morrow before this time the bloodintho hand which holdsyours will havo oeased to flow. Tho eyes you call bright now will have no fight in thorn to-morrow. Yon save this body first, then talk to me abont my soul." Tho night before his exeoution a big demonstration took placo, and the gaol walls wore surrounded by thou sands of peoplo. Johns could hoar them talking, and he bogged for per mission to look through the barred window. The warder allowed him, and ho said in an undertone, " The last glimpse of tho world. Farewell ! Gooa-byo ! " Tho morning of his execution ho was composed and calm. Taking a volumo of Popo's poems, ho wrote the following to Jaok Thompson, alias Thunderbolt, who has since obtained his releaso : — Tuesday morn, 14th July, 1885, Jack Thompson, or Jamicson, alias Thua- dcrbolt. I loado a miatako in writing a few words for poor Bill in Mooro's poems, but yon can arrange it between you. I intended tliis ono for Bill. Bo good, Jack ; be good. Nothing elso is worth living for. I'kank. In haste. Bight o'clock. An hour afterwards tbo hand that wrote " Bo good — nothing elso is worth living for," was cold and use less. Tho burial of tho young bush ranger took place under strange cir cumstances. The Freethought pooplo olaimed the body, and wore going to give it a groat funeral. At 3 o'clock tho following morning Warder Long ford, in disguiso, accompanied by a posso of-polico, conveyed the coffin in a dust cart to Newtown railway sta tion, where a train was in readiness for Bookwood. It had boon raining, ho&vily;, and the gravo had over two feet of water in it. Longford took an interest in the poor wretch, and felt for Mm. The wind sweeping through tho cemetery Bang -a strange requiem, and as the first clouds of earth were thrown in, the warder pronounced the words, " earth to earth, dust to dust, ashes to ashes," and then offered up a prayer. Porhaps it was tho most fer vent prayer Wardor Longford over sent up to tho Almighty. The task of filling in tho grave was a hard ono, for as soon as tho earth weighed down tho head of the floating coffin, tho lattor tilted up. At last, after two hours' hard work, warder andpolice succooded in filling in tho grave, and returned. The next morning tho Froethought peoplo wore furious when they learned that tho body had been clandestinely interred, and on the following Sunday thoy wont to Bookwood, where a special service was hold at the gravo. Of all tho cases that caused excite- mont in Darlinghuxst Gaol, it was tho Mount Bomuo outrage. Whon it became known that Mother Gertrudo — tho Bovorend Superior of the Sisters of Morcy — was using her best efforts to obtain tbo ropriovo of some of tbo youths concoruod, tho wbolo gaol joined in wishing hor succoss. She wont to Lord Carrington, and on ber knees bsgged for tbo liveB of two in particular, Newman and Hill. Tho formor was a Protestant. Tho Eoverand Mother also wsnt to the Premier, and, in fact, to any with whom sho thought she could find favor. Tho good lady was very popular with warders and prisoners. It was just muster time — near 5 o'clock — tho ovening before tho oxe- oution, whon the ropriovo of the two I boys came. Tho news ran through the gaol, and Mr. Bead, the Governor . of Darlinghurst, was in tho yard. The prisoners wore wound up with excitement. . "Three cheers for Mother Gert- i rude/' cried ono piitoner, and " Gpd T bloss her." Thoy know how oho had workod for tho ropriove. A thousund throats would havo voiced the eontimeat, but Mr. Bead, tho Governor of tho Gaol, was equal to the occasion. liaising his head, ho expressed himsolf in these words : " Mon, I beg of you not to givo way to your foolings. I rospoct tho good wishes you havo for Mothor. Gortrudo, for hok dovotion to those boys. But romembor thoso who havo not boon ropriovod. Every oheor you givo moans a doublo doath to tho poor wretches who havo to stand on tho scaffold to-morrow. Bohave as man, and think of tho poor follows who havo to bo hangod, and do not add to thoir misery." Thore was not a murmur, but when tho .muster was over the remarks made by Mr. Boad showed that ho had gained the good wishes and rospoct of every convict. His fine foolings for the condemned was made the subject of much comment by tho prisonors, and thoy, ono and all, voted that ho wob tho most humane governor they had over seen. As for tho two boys who wore ropriovod, they remained dazed and spoecMess, Bucking the dry roofs of their mouths with parched tongues trying to roaliso what thoy were passing through. It was only after , their companions had boon executed that they understood tho full measure of tho kindness douo thorn by the good lady who took such an in terest in thoir well-being. While the Mount Eennio hoys woro awaiting their execution, a special gallows at a cost of £300 was built for thorn. Tho poor fellows could hear tho hammering and fixing of tho Btage on wMch thoy woro to stand for the last timo in their life. Indeed, on Sundays, whon they were conducted to ohuroh, thoy had actually to pobs over a portion of it. Tho poor follows never onoo realised their position until thoy were led "like lambs to the slaughter." . Captain Moonlight, alias Scott, was also a remarkable criminal. His criminal history was a very bad one, and, to add to his many crimes, ho led astray many young mon — Johns for example. Ho died " game,"- and chided his mate, Bogan, with cow ardice. The jibinghe gave him caused Mm to wnlk firmly up to the gallows, and both dropped together. Scott entertained a dreadful dielike to warders. Throe days before the exe cution ho sworo' that after ho woe hanged he would worry Nosey Bob and haunt Darlinghurst Gaol. " When you are on your lonely boat on the gaol at night," he said, "then my ghost will haunt you. I'll givo you all a turn." However, ho has not kopt his word, and the warders keep on their beats, and Nossy Bob still bangs peoplo. Tho most callous prisoner for years past was Smedley, who stabbed his wife to death at Tamworth. Ho damnod parson and oursod creation, and only wanted to be banged. Ho looked for Ms exeoution with a certain amount of pleasure, and nover onco regretted his crime. The authorities at first thought ho was insane, but he loudly protested against such a sup position. Most condemned criminals assert that thoy have no recolloction of the crime, and die with this Btatemont on their lips. Archer stoutly hold out to the ond that he was innocent of hie crime, and Howart, a burly North of England man, charged with murder ing a fellow prisoner in tho Control Police Station, declared that ho hod no recollection- of tho crime. Tho murdor wae tho most awful ono of its character, as he mutilated Ms victim with his tooth, and behaved more as a savage than a civilised being. TUn request tho Sunday before he was hanged, was that thoy ehould sing in the gaol church Brief lifo is hero our portion, Brief Borrows short lived enro ; Tho lifo that knows no ending, Tho tearless lifo is there. The last night tho criminal passes on earth is a vory solemn ono. Nosey Bob and his assistant aro let in, and they stretch and grease the rope. Tho scaffold is not far from tho condomned- oells, and in the night tho gruesome work of tho hangman can be heard proceeding. Tap, tap, tap, and Nosey firmly fixes down tho knots on tho beam. Bang ! tho hangman is trying the lever, and tho drop falls. The poor wretoh in tho cell hears all these preparations for his judicial murder, and his heart leaps to his mouth as he hears tho bang of tho trap oponing, and knows that in a few hours ho will bo banged off the same way. Thon the morning comes. Poor wretoh, his last night's sloop has been bad. Tossing and moaning, ho counts the hours as the sentinels on tho wall cry out "All's well." Thon tho parson attends him, and begs of Mm to think of something bettor, to centre his thoughts on a God of infinite morcy. He has already hoard this from tho judge who paBSBd sontonce, and ho thinks of tho cruel mockory tho words convoy. Still ho hopes for a ropriovo. His hour-glass is fast running down, tho sands of timo aro quickly passing. Hohcars hurrying to andfro, and just a fow minutes to nino tho voico of tho Sheriff, "I demand tho body of-- " Tho condomnod man gasps. Then tho blacksmith enters — a freo man — and ho hogins to knock off tho rivets in the chains. Tho parson begins tho burial service of tbo doad. " I heard a voice from heaven — " Clang, clang Bounds the blacksmith's tools to the mockery. "Saying, bles6edare they who die In tho Lord," continues the minister. Just then the whole of tho chains fall with a clang, clang, clang, and drown the words of the man of tho goepol. Nosoy Bob enters, dressed in a fault less suit of blaok, with his hair dabbed down with grease, and a siokly odor of wuels and patchouli coming from liie handkerchiof. Ho pinions Ms man, and in a nasal voico tolls him not to bo afraid. Ho then leads Mm up to tho scaffold ; tho groat cruol ropo, with its still crueller knots, torrify tho man. Tho parson mumbles somo prayers, tho pinionod prisonor has his last glimpso at tho world, the shoriff drops his hand, tho lovor is pullod — bang ! and tbo work of judicial banging is ovor. Tho body is removed, tho ropo is re moved, tho ropo burned, N osoy and his assistant bundlod out of gaol, tho oxoitomont dios away, and tho gaol oncemoro regains its normal condi tion. 