the; stob.ytelleb Highland Cousins. ' A Novel, By William Black, Author of ' A Princess of Thule,' ' Macleod of Dare,' kc., kc. (COPYEIGHT. ) Chaiter I — A CONVOY. Away out at the edge of the world, facing the wild Atlantic Seas, a small and black procession was | striving Lard to make headway against a blinding gale of raiu aud sleet. First came a horse aud cart, and iu ihe cart was a young woman, seated ou a sack of Btraw, and wrapped up iu a thick blue-green tai tan shawl that in a measure protected lier from the driving gusts ; then followed a straggling com pany of middle-aged meu, their figures pitched fcrvrard against the wind, their teeth cleuched, the salt spindrift dripping from ' shaggy eyebrows and beard, while now and again the tail-end of a plaid, escaping from the clutch of frozen fingers, wou'.u go flying aloft in the air. Occasionally one ot the men, from mere force of habit, would stop for a moment to try to light his pipe ; but even if his horny palms were sufficient to shelter the sulphur match, the wet tobacco would not burn, and the pipe was mechani cally returned to its owner's pocket. There were two or three collie?, trotting by the side of their respective masters ; but, what with the drenching showers and the bewilderment of the tumultuous waves, there wis n jt a snap or a snarl left amongst them. At length, however, the road the travellers were following, which hitherto had wound along the shore, struck inland ; and, at this corner, stood a solitary and dismal-looking habitation. There was no sign of any kind to denote that here was offered enter tainment for either man or beast : but no doubt the company knew the place ; for as with one accord they left the highway and thronged into the narrow passage, pressing and jostling against each other. All of them, tnat is to say, excjpt one -an elderly man of respectable appearance, who seemed to hesitate about leaving the girl in the cart. ' Will you not come down, Barbara,' said he, addressing her in the Gaelic tongue, ' and step into the house 'r ' Tne young girl with the dark-blue Highland eyes and raven-black ha r merely shook her head. ' Tlieu will 1 bring you out a dram,' said he,' ' or a piece of oatcake and cheese 'i ' ' I am uot wishing for auything,' she answered, also speaking ia Gaelic ; and thereupon the elderly shepheid, considering himself relieved of present responsibility, followed his companions into the inn. Apparently it was but a cold welcome they had received. There seemed to be no one about'; nor - was there any fire in the grate of this bare, damp smelling, comfortless chamber into which they had crowded themselves. But they did not appear to mind much. All tlie pent-up speech suppressed by the stor n had now broken lo:-se ; aud there was a confused and high-surging babblement about funeral exnenses. arrears of rent, the sile of stock, the in tentions of the factor, aud what not : all of tliem talking at once, and at cross purposes — contradict- ing, asseverating, with renewed striking of matches and sucking of difficult pipes. Indeed, so vehement and vociferous was the hubbub that when a timid looking youQg lass of about 14 came along, bearing i bsfore her a shovelful of burning peats, she could hardly win attention until one of them called out : ' Make way for the lass there ! Come in, Isabel. And where is your mother and the whisky ? ' 'My mother is not so well to-day,' the girl replied, as she put the peats iu the grate. ' But you can get us the whisky r' was the instant and anxious imjuiry. 'Oh, yes, indeed.' ' Then make haste and bring it to us, for there is more warmth in a glass of whisky than iu all the peats in the island ! ' ' And have you any oatcake in the house ? ' asked another. No, there is no oatcake in the house,' the lass made answer. '' It is at this very moment that my graudmother is baking.' She left the room, aud shortly rjturaed with a tray on which were ranged a number of taick tumblers aud measures, the latter filled with a dull, straw coloured fluid-; whereupon each man apportioned his own and paid for the same. There was no drink ing of healths, for they had come away from a solemn occasion ; but this additional stimulant, following previous and liberal potutious, awoke a fresh enthu siasm of eager speech— about pasture land and arable, the Crofters' Comnrssioii, the price of calves, and similar things. And perinn* it was to rebuke thein that Lauchlan Maclutyre the shoemaker, a tall gaunt man of melancholy mien, pushed his way through aud placed his fist on the table, the betler to steady himself. 'A Bhame it is,' he said, in Gaelic that might have been fluent if it had not been interrupted by apprehensions of hiccough — ' A shame it is — that we should be talking of such worldly matters. Ay, ay, indeed, when we should mourning with our friend — mourning— as liachel — mourning, and refusing to be comforted. It is this day that my heart is sore for Donaid Maclean— that has seen the last of his family put away from him into the earth. A fine lass she was— ay, ay, indeed, not a handsomer in W W C J r rt rt rt a to *') rt f-i cs c ci 5* e ts X CJ g r. ri u £ to c V at £ ; C .2 E p* GS 3 0 a 1 a o o to c TS % £ O Z-S -+4 o o +3 ci o e? £ these islands —aud a handy aud a useful creature about the croft ; but we are as the grass that parisheth aud the flower that withereth ; and Donald — Donald will be a sorrowful man— when he finds himself among the folk of Duntroone-so that the saying will be fulfilled that was written : ' Sad is — the lowing— of a cow — on a strange pasture ' ? ' lie tilted forward, but he did not fall, for a power ful pair of hands h i i got hold of him by the shoul ders, and he was dragged away from the table and thrown unceremoniously into a corner. The elderly shepherd who had thus interfered, and who was about the only one of them with any remaining pre tensions to sobriety, now addressed him with bitter scoru. ' ^os! you are the fine man to have your wits and j udgmeut in such a state. You do not' know that it i6 Donald Maclean that we have been burying ; you do not know that his daughter is alive and well, and waiting for us outside in the cart ; you do not know it is she who is going to Duntroone. And you are the fine man to have the charge of her ; sure I am you will be in a drunken Bleep as soon as you get on board the steamer — ' ' Let be— let be,' said Lauchlan, fumbliDg in his pocket for his pipe. ' I am not for quarrelling. I am a peaceable man. Duncan, have you a match ?' ' A match !' exclaimed the other with disdaiu. ' Is it nothing you can think of but whisky and tobacco—?' 'Whisky?' repeated Lauchlan, with an amazing alertness. ' Well, now, it is your head that has the good sense in it, Duncan, sometimes — and that is the Bible's truth. And I say what you say ; another good glass of whisky will do us no barm, since we have to walk across the island to Kilree. Ob, yes, -lo not fear ; I will look after the young lass and her father : I will take them safely to Duntroone. Have you a match, Duncan?' The older man did not answer. 'It is I that must try to get a glass of milk for Barbara,' he said to himself, as he moved away, ' if there is no oatcake in the house.' But meanwhile Lauchlan — Long Lauchlan the shoemaker he was called in Duntroone on the main land — Lauchie, while fumbling about for his pipe, had come upon a jew's-harp ; and this was a new inspiration. With heroic endeavour he struggled to his feet; he balanced himself; he placed the instru ment to his lips, and began to play, in a thin, quaver ing strain, ' Lord Lovat's Lament.' Nay, he affected to give himself something of the airs of a piper ; in the limited space at his command he paced backwards and forwards, with slow and solemn steps ; there was an inward look on hifi face, as if he was forgetful or disdainful of these vain roysterers. Moreover, there ' was a kind of nebulous grandeur about the tall and melancholy figure, for since ever the peats had been put in the grate the wind had been steadily blowing down the chimney, and now the apartment was thick with smoke— peat-sinoke and tobacco-smoke com bined, so that the performer with his slow, funereal steps of about three inches in length, was as the dark ghost of a piper, moving to and fro unheeded and apart. Aud he might very well have been left to his harmless diversion ; but that was not to be. Id spite of the din, the tremulous, wiry sound of the jew's harp had caught the ear of a huge red-bearded drover from Mull who was on the other side of the table ; aad, for some reason or another, he became irritated. .' You there, Long Lauchlan,' he called, ' why do ] you play that foolish thing? If the Free Church will J not let you play the pipes, a man who is a man at all would refuse to play on any instrument ! It is j the great piper you are —with a child's toy at your mouth ! ' | The piper— or harper, rather— paused, advanced to the table, steadied himself, and fixed his gaze on his enemy. ' What — is it you say— about the Free Church ? ' he demanded, with his tmall black eyes beginning to glitter. 'Th:sitislam saying,' responded the big red - bearded giant, with his brows lowering ominously, 'that when the Free Church will be for putting down the pipes throughout the islands, then the man is not a man, but a dog every inch of him, who will give up the pipes and take in the place of the pipes what is allowed him, and that is the low, pitiful, vile toy instrument you have there.' ' Then you are a liar,' said the shoemaker, with decision. ' I am a liar? ' repeated the other, in an access of fury. ' But you are worse, for you are a son of the devil and a liar besides— ^and I will smash your d ? Free Church toy ! ' He made a sudden snatch across the table, caught the Jew's-harp out of the shoemaker's hand, and dashed it on the floor, dancing on it with his heavy nailed boots. Then the tumult began ! The shoe maker would get round the table. His friends held him back. He broke away, with imprecations and howls of rage. The drover — Bed Murdoch— equally frantic, was desperately striving to dispossess him self of those who clung to him or who bravely inter posed themselves between the two combatants ; while random blows on both sides did nothing worse, so far, than beat the air. But what portended evil was that the angry passions thus aroused showed a tendency to become general. There were excited cries and remonstrances — the invajiable prelude of a faction-fight. And then, as it chanced, by some accidental swaying of the crowd, the table went over —went over with a breenge fit to wake the dead ; the tray, the glasses, the measures, the unnecessary veaterbottle hurling themselves into the little black fireplace. It was in the midst of all this indescribable uproar that a new figure suddenly appeared on the scene — an old woman with unkempt silver- white locks and visage of terrible import. She came iu quickly ; she was armed with the rolling-pin she bad been using at the bake-board ; and with some strange sort of instinct she seemed to make straight for the two chief offenders. ' What is this, now P' she exclaimed, in shrill Gaelic ; ' what is this going on, and my daughter lying ill ? Out with you, you drunken savages ! Out of the house with you, you heathen crew ! — ay, every one of you ! — out of the house with you ! — out ! — out !' And these panting ejaculations were accompanied by strokes so energetic and unexpected that a universal bewilderment and confusion In stantly prevailed. No man's person, nor any part of it, however inferior, was safe from this merciless weapon ; though it was mainly on the Mull drover and on the astonished shoemaker that her valiant be labouring fell. ' In the name of God, woman, have peace !' cried one of them. But there was no peace — there was war — war im placable aud ferocious— war that ended in a decisive victory ; for in an incredibly short space of time she had driven forth the whole invertebrate crowd of them, and slammed-to the outer door. They found themselves in the rain : they hardly knew how1 or why. They regarded each other as if something had occurred that they were trying to recollect. Then their eyes fell upon the cart. The young lass was still patiently waiting there, the thick blue green shawl not entirely confining the tags of raven* black hair that had been loosened by the storm. And then Duncan the shepherd— choosing to ignore this wild thing that had just happened — said dis creetly : . '? We'd better be getting on, lads. It would be a great pity if we were to miss the Sanda.' They now followed the road that cut across the island ; and a dismal road it was— leading through sombre wastes of swampy peat-moss and half -frozen tarns ; with rarely a symptom of life anywhere, ex cept the occasional clanging-by overhead of a string of wild swans on their way to the western seas. But at any rate the rain had ceased ; and the wind, in stead of being dead ahead, was now on their quarter,; as a sailor might say ; so that they made very good progress — Lauchie the shoemaker clinging on to the! tail-end of the cart, and talking to himself the while.' As the day waned, of a sudden they encountered the strangest sound— a long-protracted wail that rose and fell, as if it were some spirit of the dusk in immea surable pain. ' May the Good Being Bave us, but what is that ! ' was the pious ejaculation of one of tlie com pany. Lauchie, holding on to the cart^ and still talking to himself, laughed and chuqkled. ' Oh, you are the clever boys, and no mistake ! he said, without looking at them. ' You are the clever ones, that would squeeze paraffin oil out of the peat, and you would make your own sheep-dip, and you would write to the Queen complaining of the Commission and the rents. And yet you do not know the new steam-whistle — you have never heard the siren steam-whistle before— and the Sanda has given you a splendid fright ! — ' 'The Sanda I ' exclaimed a neighbour in dismay, and inadvertently he relapsed into English. 'Is she unn? ' ' Ay, she*s unn,' responded Lauchie, giggling to himself, ' and very soon she'll be awe'n again, and we'll hef to tek Barbara Maclean ahl the weh back to Knockalanish.' But this dire threat stimulated them ; they pushed ahead, and urged on the ancient animal in the shafts ; and ere long they came in sight of the eastern shores of the island — with the strip of cottages called Kilree — the bay— the rude quay and landing-slip— and, lying some few hundred yards out, a stumpy one funnelled steamer tbat was again sending forth its alarming call. And was not yonder the last boat already left ? They waved their plaids ; they whittled ; some of tbeui ran— and one of them fell, and'SjJpked himself up again. The end of it was thattfi^ horse and cart were stopped at the top of the beach ; the young lass was helped to descend ; the foremost two or three of the company, hurrying along, had became possessed of a boat lying by the slip ; . and when Barbara Maclean and her modest bundle had been deposited in the stern the promiscuous crew unloosed the painter, shoved oft' the bow, plunged their oars into the water, and proceeded to pull away with a desperate resolution to overtake the departing steamer. They pulled aud they pulled and they pulled ; and they were men of strength and sinew ; the oars creaked and groaned in the thole-pins. They tugged and they strained and they splashed — heads down aud teeth clenched ; they put their shoulders into the work with a will. They would have cheered, but that they dared not waste their breath ; aud again came a long howl from the Sanda to encourage them. Doubtless she had perceived them through the gathering dusk, and might be disposed to grant them a few moments of grace. But at this moment an appalling thing occurred. Long Lauchie the shoemaker, who had roused him self from his placid acquiescence of the last hour or two, and was now madly and heroically pulling stroke, chanced to raise his head, and behold there was some phantom thing confronting his bleared eyes ! 'Aw, God,' he cried, terror-stricken, ' we have pulled the quay away'with us !' For there, undoubtedly, was the landing- slip, not a dozen yards off ! And the beach, aud the cottages — just above— were these also phantoms iu the twi light ? Surely they could not have hauled the whole island after them, out into the deep ? Then canle one running down to the shore, gesti culating, shouting. ' There's a line astern ! The boat's tied astern, man ! Throw off the line !' And at last it dawned upon Lauchie's dimly rotating brain that this boat must have been moored Jboth fore and aft alongside the slip — that they had only released the painter at the bow — aud that all their frantic pulling had gone for nothing ; in point, of fact they had not moved a yard beyond the length of this still attaching line. So, blindly and mechani cally he undid the rope from the iron ring, and cast it into the water ; then he resumed his place and his strenuous work — this time with considerably less weight behind. And in due course they reached the steamer : the young lass, Long Lauchie, and Bed Murdoch from Mull got on board ; the others returned with the boat to the shore. And thus it was that Barbara Maclean left her native island to seek a home among her relatives in Duntroone. Chapteb II.— A POOR STUDENT.' The aunt of this Barbara Maclean kept a tobac conist's shop in Campbell-street, which is the main thoroughfare in the email seaside town of Duntroone ; and one evening Mrs. Maclean and her daughter Jess were seated in the parlour behind the shop, from which, through a window in the inter vening door, they could observe when any customer entered. Mrs. Maclean was a spruce and trim little body, fresh- complexioned, grey -haired, and bright and alert of look ; her daughter Jessie, or Jess as she was called by her intimates, was a young woman of about 20, flaxen-haired and freckled, of pleasant features and expression, and with grey eyes, ordinarily tranquil aud kindly, that could on occasion show themselves merry and humorous enough, not to say malicious. For the rest, this was quite a snug and cheerful apartment on so cold a night ; a brisk coal-fire was burning in the grate ; a kettle simmered on the hob ; and there were tea things on the table. 'Ay,' said the little Highland widow, as she continued busy with her knitting-needles, 'it's a sad thing for *a young lass to be left dissolute iH the world — ' 'Desolate, mother!' Jess said, impatiently, for her mother's happy carelessness of speech was at times a source of considerable embarrassment when neighbours were about. 'Ay, jist that,' the widow said, contentedly, ' it's a sad thing for a young lass to be left dissolute. But it's no so bad when she has friends to turn to ; and I'm sure when Barbara Maclean comes to us tbere will not be a pennyworth of grudging in her welcome. No, no, my sister and me we had our quarrels in the old days ; but my sister's lass will no want for shelter while I have four walls round meand a fire to warm my hands. And I would not wonder if she took kindly to the ways of living here. She'll find a difference between Knockalanish and Dun troone, in tbe living and the housing. For well you know, Jess, it's not me that's given to the over praising of creature discomforts — ' ' Creature comforts, mother !' 'Ay, jist that. Still, at the same time, I like what is Christian ; and I say that having cattle and human beings under the same roof is not Christian. It may be very healthy ; but it is not Christian. And never will I forget the fortnight I spent at Knocka lanish when my sister was in her last illness ; the damp and the cold ; the peats soaked through with the snow ; the supper of mashed potatoes and milk ; and the breathing of the cows in the night. For, of course, my sisf er had the ben* and the reBt of us, we had to put jup with what beds and screens we could I get ; and night after night 1 was lying awake, fear | ing to hear the tick of the death-watch or the howl ing of a dog, and it was the breathing of the cows you could hear, and not so far away'. Ay. And John Maclean, he was never the good manager, nor my poor sister either, but after her death he lost heart altogether, and how he was getting the rent, or whether there was more and more of debt, no one could tell. Only this 1 am sure of, that when his daughter Barbara comes to us she will not bring with her anything more than what she stands up in ? ' At this moment some one entered the shop, and Jess hurried away to attend. It was a clerkeylook ing youth, who wanted a briar-root pipe ; and very particular he was ; but at length he was satisfied, whereupon Jess returned to the parlour. ' Then there's the lad Allan,' continued the warm hearted little widow, still busy with her knitting. ' Well, now, I am glad that he sometimes looks in of an evening ; and he is one the more to Bhow Barbara tbat she has come among: her own kith and kin, . * The inner apartment of the house. though his mother married a Lowlander, and he has partly a Lowland name. But this is it now, Jess, mv lass, that when he stays to 6upper I wish you would be pressing a little more on him — yes, yes— I wish you would be pressing a little more on him ? ' Jessie Maclean's fair face flushed somewhat. ' Allan Henderson is very proud, mother,' she 6aid. ' ' And if he suspected anything he would never come back.' 'Pride and an empty stomach,' said the small dame sententiously, ' are not even cousins twenty times removed. Starvation is the worst of training for anyone, ? I do not care 'who he is ; and the young man is foolish wiio refuses when there is plenty before him on the table. But I have heard of Allan and his ways ; oh yes, indeed. Both his father and his mother have told me that when he was at the College at Glasgow he was costing them nothing— well, next to nothing beyond the fees for the classes, and the books, and a lodging, aud uow he iB paying hick, and paying back, though they are not asking for anything, aud tbe post-offus keeping them very comfortable now, and 1 dare say he has paid them far more tlian ever they lent him. Be sides,' she went on, 'it's a poor trade the school mastering. It's very little the School Board give him, after his hard work at the classes. And my heart is sore to see a young man going about at this time of the year without an overcoat — when it's I myself would gladly buy him one — and why Bhould he not take it as a present, from his mother's cousin — ' The flush on the girl's face had deepened ; she turned to trim the fire by way of hiding her vexa tion. ' You could not do that, mother ' she exclaimed, iu a low voice. ' You would not insult him ? - and turn him away from the house? — when he has not too many frieuds. And as for school-mastering, ' she continued, raising her head, and at times speaking with an involuntary tremor of pride in her tones, ' he may not be always a schoolmaster, though there are mapy schoolmasters that are great and famous men at the large schools throughout the country. But if Allan is only a poor schoolmaster at present, it will not be always so, you may take my word for that. Of course he has not told me his plans and his hopes— why should he ? I think he is too shy to tell them to anyone ; but I can see what he is ; I can see what there is in him ; and I kuow this, mother, that many a long day hence you and I will be wondering that the Allan Henderson tbey are all talking of in London used to come into our parlour in Duntroone and smoke his pipe of an evening. It may be a long time yet ; but it will be a great day for us — even if he has no recollection of us ; and you'll bear me out, mother, that I prophesied it — ' Some slight noise arrested her attention, and she looked. ' Mercy on us, here's Allan himself ! ' she ejaculated, in an undertone ; and therewith she rose to open the door for him— the colour not yet quite gone from her face. He was a tall young man of about three or four and-twenty, his figure slim and spare but well-knit, his head bent forward slightly, his features distinctly ascetic, yet with plenty of firmness about the lines of his mouth, his forehead square and capable, and showing a premature line or two, no doubt the result of hard and perhaps injudicious study. But it was his eyes that chiefly claimed attention — large, soft, brown eyes, that were usually contemplative and. absent, but that could become singularly penetrating when his attention was challenged. It was a concentra tion, in obedience to any such summons, that appeared to demand some brief effort ; but his per ? ceptions, once aroused, were swift ; he seemed in sta ntly. to divine whether this person or this utterance was worth heeding or to be turned away from with indifference and contempt. Jess used laughingly to say of him, 'when she was grown spiteful : ' Poor Allan, the matter with him is that there's a cloud betwixt him aud all the world around him ; and when you think he is looking over to Lismore, or to Morven, or Kingairloch, it's the cloud he's staring at, and the grand things he sees there — Roman battles, and such like, I'suppose. And some day he will be staring at the fine things before him, and he'll step over the end of the quay, and that will be the last of poor Allan !' And she would con tinue her flouting : ' Going on for four- aud- twenty, and as big a babjr as ever he was in his childhood ! He has not got accustomed to anything ! Everything is new to him — and everything wonderful — if he comes on a foxglove growing in tne woods, or watches a young foal following its mother, or he'll pick up a shell from the shore, and that's quite enough to stare at and wonder at too ! And what he gets to laugh at passes me ! He'll burst out laughing when there was no amusement intended at all, and that is not pleasant to people's feelings ; or again, when the young folk are a little merry, and mocking at each other, he will sit as glum as if he was looking at his own funeral going by. Temper ?— temper indeed, he is the worst tempered young man in Duntroone. ' Yet the visitor who now came in did not look as if he had an evil temper ; rather he seemed diffident as he took the seat that the widow cheerfully offered him. ' I was passing,' said he, by way of apology, ' and I thought ii 'would step in to ask if you had heard of your niece. Do you know if the Sanda was able to call at Kilree ? The weather has been bad out there.' ' Well, it's little I am likely to hear,' responded the widow, ' until Barbara and Lauchlan Maclntyre walk straight into ,the shop, or come knocking at the door of die house ; though maybe some one will run up from the quay to tell us when the Sanda shows round the point. .There's Tobermory, to be sure, and they might have telegraphed from Tobermory ; but, dear me, what does that poor lass understand about the telegraph ; and Lauchlan— well, Lauchlan would be amongst his friends. And yet I was cautioning him too. ' Lauchie,' I was saying to him, ' this time at least it is absolutely comparative that you keep a hold on yourself, and behave your self at the funeral, and in bringing away the lass.' And he was saying ' Yes, yes, mistress,' again and again. But I have had experience of Lauchie, that is a good enough man and a sensible man until the whisky gets over him ; and when 1 he begins laughing, then it's a sign you need not try to talk any more to him; and afterwards, when he comes out of it and is sober again, oh, the poor, down-hearted crayture that he is ! — a6 if he had committed every sin in the Catalogue — ' ' You mean the Decalogue, mother ! ' Jess re monstrated. . ' Aye ; sometimes they say the one and sometimes I the other,' the widow went on with blithe effrontery. ' But I'm. thinking the Sanda should be in-ere long j now, and there's a'bit supper waiting over theway ; . .and it would be Very Agreeable to us, Allan, if you | would . step across with us, when the shop is shut, and take your place , at the table, to show Barbara i that she has come amongst several friends ? ' j But he seemed to shrink back from this proposal. ' No, 110, thanks to you all the same,' he said, and he had a grave, gentle, impressive voice, that Jess listened to as if every word were of value. ' When a girl comes to. a new home in this way, surely she would rather be with her own people, and have no half-strangers to meet* Afterwards there will be plenty ' of time for her to make ac quaintances.' ? 'Anfi it is very ill done of you, Allan Henderson,' said the little widow, boldly and indignantly, ' to speak of yourself as a strauger, or half-stranger, in my house. Perhaps these are the ways they have at the College : but I am not understanding such ways. Jess, she must be for ever making excuses ; and it's this one'spride and that one's pride ; but I ? am-nnt understanding such pride when there is -the family-relationship between us. Oh, yes, every one has neard of the old saying about the Macleans and their pride and their poverty : ' Though I am poor, I am well-born ; God be thanked I am a Maclean ! ' But where is the place for such things between cousins ? And when you know very well, Allan, that over the way, and every night in the week, there is a place at the table for you, and Jessie and me sitting by ourselves, and perhaps you alone in your lodgings, and maybe without a fire, too — for I have heard of such things with young men eager to get on in the world— well, then, it may be the College manners for you to stay away, but it is not good Highland manners. Aud that is the truth I am telling you at last.' Jess Maclean looked apprehensive and troubled ; but the young man took all this in good part. ' One is not always one's own master,' he answered, quietly. ' I can only give you my best thanks for so kindly asking me. And I am sure you know another old saying : ' If a man canuot get to his country, it ia a good thing to be in sight of it?'' ' Will you not light your pipe now, Allan ? ' Jess put iu skilfully — to get away from a ticklish subject. But at this suggestion, Mrs. Maclean, who had been regarding the young man (perhaps with Bome little compunction, for she was not accustomed 1o scold), quickly rose from her seat and left the room, disappearing into the front shop, and evidently bent on some errand. ' I hope you are not vexed with my mother, Allan,' said Jess, at once. ' Oh, no, indeed,' he made answer. ' Every one knows that she is the kindest of women. And when your cousin comes from the islands she will soon find that she is in a friendly home.' Presently Mrs. Maclean reappeared, bringing with her an unopened tin canister. 'This is a new mixture, Allan,' said she, as she placed the box before the young man, 'that his been sent me from Glasgow, ana I would be glad if 3;VQ(u would take the canister home with yoi', ahtf try the mixture, and tell me your opinion, to that I could be advising my customers when they came in. Will you put it in your pocket, or w:ll I send Christina along with it to you in the morn ing ? ' Jess looked swiftly and in alarm from one to tbe other of them. But if his stubborn Scotch inde pendence prompted him to refuse the gift, the Highland blood that also flowed in his veins for bade that the refusal should be in any way discour teous. He hesitated for a second — to find some excuse; and there was some colour of embarrassment visible on his forehead. ' I am very much obliged to you, Mrs. Maclean,' said he, after this involuntary pause. ' But — but I have been thinking of giving up my pipe alto gether.' And now the anxiety of the younger woman gave place to an infinite distress and pity ; was he, simply because he bad been driven into a. corner, and found himself unable to refuse in any other manner this proffered kindness — was he going to deprive himself of the chief, perhaps the only, comfort of a poor and solitary student ? But at this moment her attention was distracted. Someone entered the shop, and approached the dividing door ; and a glance through the halfcur tained pane told her who this was — this was Mr. Peter M'Fadyen, coal merchant aud town councillor. She rose to receive the new visitor ; but she did so with impatient anger in her heart ; for she knew that now, in a very few minutes, the proud and con temptuous Allan would be on his homeward way. ( To he continued .) 