(©rtginal flaper. PEEACHING. Read before the Ruridecanal Gliapter of Kilmore, by Eev. Wm. Hancock. I have chosen the subject of 'Preaching' for my paper to-day, not because I feel that I can say anything in the way of instruction or advice upon it, but rather, as I trust, by way of introducing a discus sion upon this most important part of our ministry; a discussion in which we may each contribute something towards our mutual help and encouragement. I am sure that I am only stating the feeling of every earnest clergy man when I say that preaching is the most arduous, responsible, and, in many respects, important division of our work. For even though it may be urged that the administration of the holy sacraments of our Lord, as the chief channels of His grace, is a holier office than that of preaching; however strongly it may be maintained that the Holy Table is above the pulpit, it is certain that without preaching there would be no disciples to baptise, no communicants to Draw nigh and take the body of their Lord, And drink the holy blood, for them outpoured. I will assume, then, that we are all impressed with the sacredness and responsibilities of the preacher's office, and that we desire to be faithful to our blessed Master, faithful to the people He has placed us over, and faithful to our own consciences in this great matter. Sermons imply a preacher, and the making of sermons the making of the preacher. Without this latter preparation, the former, in the highest sense, cannot be done. Our business will, therefore, be to consider — I., the preparation of the preacher; and II. , the prepara tion of sermons. A young curate once asked Bishop Wilberforce to give him some advice about this part of his work. ' Some men,' said the Bishop, 'prepare themselves, others prepare their sermons.' The young curate obeyed the oracle, and the result is a preacher who, for spiritual power, as well as eloquence, would be ranked amongst the foremost preachers of England — Canon Knox Little. There is no doubt about it, that if we ourselves are prepared, our sermons will largely take care of themselves. ' Who can bring a clean thing out of an unclean ?' asks Job. ' Not one.' An impure fountain cannot give forth pure water; neither can an impure, unspiritual heart give forth pure and spiritual thoughts. Many a clear mountain spring becomes polluted as it passes between the muddy banks of the flat country, and often God's message suffers by passing through an unholy or sinful soul. 'Be ye clean,' says Isaiah, 'that bear;' or, as St. Paul would say, 'that are the vessels of the Lord.' 'For their sakes I sanctify Myself,' said Christ, ' that they also might be sanctified through the truth.' 'The disciple is not above his Master; but every one that is perfect shall be as his Master.' And should not then this be the preacher's motive and motto — 'For their sakes'? For the sake of the sheep Christ has bidden me ' tend,' for the sake of the lambs He has bidden me 'feed' — for their sakes; and, therefore, for His sake, I sanctify myself ; I consecrate all my talents to God that so I may be able to render unto Him an acceptable service. The preacher has to speak for God, and to men ; and, therefore, his necessary preparation is a knowledge of God, and a knowledge of men. He is in the highest sense a prophet — one who speaks the words that God has put into his mouth. 'We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen,' said Christ. Every sermon that he preaches must be a page of his own soul's history. A teacher cannot teach more than he knows. And how then can he speak of penitence, if he have not felt it; of forgiveness, if he have not obtained it; of faith, if he have not exercised it ; of purity, if he do not possess it ; of sanctifica tion, if he is not going on to perfection? The preacher must learn to know God as he learns to know a friend — by communion with Him. The Bible and prayer will be his chief est help ; for in the Bible God speaks to us, while in prayer we speak to Him. His text-books of theology will be aids to his preaching, in so far, and only in so far,' as they help him to know God. He will, of course, be a reader, a student of other men's thoughts and information, because they can tell him something about Him after whom his soul longeth. He will be careful to fulfil his ordination vow to 'be diligent in prayers and in reading of the Holy Scriptures, and in such studies as help to the knowledge of the same, laying aside the study of the world and the flesh.' Nor will he find the field thus allotted to him too narrow, for even the text books of science and philosophy will be sacred to him because they help him to understand the mind and ways of God. His head knowledge will be good and necessary, but his heart knowledge will be better. Even though he may feel his lack of the former, if he possess the latter he will not preach in vain, for 'when the people saw the boldness of Peter and John, and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marvelled ; and they took knowledge of them that they had been with Jesus.' We cannot all preach learned sermons. We should never aim at doing so. But what we can all do is to give real help from a loving heart to living men and women. Why should we not all be God's prophets? There is no reason at all why we should not be, if we would but pray constantly — ? Lord, speak to me, that I may speak In living echoes of Thy tone. O teaoh me, Lord, that I may teach Thy erring children, lost and lone. The second thing that makes the preacher is a knowledge of men. This is a field that is accessible to all, and he will glean most in it who has a sympathetic heart. The offices of the pastor and the preacher cannot be separated — they act and react the one upon the other; for how can we minister to men's spiritual wants unless we have learnt by intercourse with them what they are ? The sermons of a preacher who is not also a pastor will be like the shafts of an archer who draws his bow at a venture. More often than not they will probably overshoot the mark. But the sermons of the preacher who prepares them with an intimate knowledge of the needs of his people will strike home, and will be the instruments, by God's grace, of carrying conviction to the hearts of his hearers. _ I read of our own Bishop, before he left England, that the congrega tion of St. George's, Bloomsbury, considered him the best preacher in England. And so he was for them. A man of a sympathetic nature, a faithful pastor, he understood his people's need, and, as a man of prayer, was able to minister to them. It is not only possible, but probable, that our people will say the same of each of us, if only like the Good Shepherd we take a personal interest in each one of them, and both in our pastoral ministrations and in our public utterances we seek to lead them in the green pastures and beside the still waters of His Holy Word. Have you ever asked, 'How shall I become a preacher?' Get a knowledge of God and a knowledge of men, a love for God and a love for men, 'And thou, child, shall be called the prophet of the Highest, for thou shalt go before the face of the Lord to prepare His ways, to give knowledge of salvation to His people for the remission of their sins.' II. From the preparation of the preacher we must pass on to the preparation of sermons. I will suppose that it is Monday morning, and that we are about to begin to climb the mount — to many of us a mount of difficulty — that we ascended last week, and are asking ourselves, ' What shall I preach about next Sunday?' How shall we so begin, continue, and end the work of preparation, that at the close of the Lord's Day we may experience that taste of heaven, that peace of God which passeth understanding, which only a minister of Christ can know who has humbly but faithfully borne witness for his Master? We will begin upon our knees. We believe in the Holy Ghost, the great Inspirer of hearts. With open Bible and Prayer-book we will seek the guidance of Him who has promised to lead us into all truth, and ask for our message, saying, 'Speak, Lord, for Thy servant heareth Thee.' As we carefully and ' reverently read through the appointed lessons — Epistle, Gospel, and Psalms for the coming Sunday, we will generally find, in answer to our prayers, some one passage borne in upon our souls, which we will thankfully accept as our subject. I do not mean to say that our text must invariably be selected from the appointed Scriptures. There will be times when we will have to search for our message in the wider field of the whole Bible. There will be occasions upon which we will be guided by the same spirit to minister to some recognised need of our people, to select some passing event of local or general moment which will be profitable either for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in holiness. But as a general rule, notwithstanding Mr. Spurgeon to the contrary, we will be thank ful for the provision that our Church has made in her arrangement of the seasons of her year, and the appropriate selection of Holy Scripture, with which our sermons will be in harmony. Having once prayed for guidance and selected our text, we must never afterwards doubt pur message, much less abandon it. This is a temptation which, if I may speak from experience, we will often be subjected to. At times the well-spring of thoughts within us will seem to be dry, and the making of sermons will become a weariness to the flesh. We will frequently find ourselves toiling on, towards the end of the week, with little or no apparent progress. Then the suggestion will come, 'Leave the Sermon for this week; use an old one on Sunday, and begin again fresh on Monday.' Often, too often, I confess, have I yielded to the temptation; but many times, more especially of late, have I prayed and persevered, and persevered and prayed, until after much musing the fire has kindled, and thoughts that burned and words that breathed have begun to flow, and I have realised that there is grace to help in time of need. Invariably, or almost invariably, after such a struggle the preacher will be cheered with some direct testimony as to the blessings received from sermons so prepared, which will cause him to ' thank God and take courage' for the future. I have laid it down as an axiom for myself, that having once in reliance upon the Holy Spirit's guidance selected a text, never to turn back, but to go on, 'go on to Dothan,' even though in doing so one may have to pass through a wilderness of barren thoughts. And I have resolved to abstain as much as possible from preaching old sermons, and to preach at least one fresh sermon every week. If we are preparing ourselves, if we are growing, there must be a corresponding growth in our sermons. And I can conceive of no greater hindrance to spiritual development in a preacher than the practice of repeating sermons prepared years before. 2\. The text selected, the next important question for the preacher is: 'How am I going to treat it? What am I going to say upon it? And in preparing my sermon, how far can I make use of other men's thoughts?' The preacher should, first1 of all, in dependence upon the same Holy Spirit's guidance, study the text and context in the original as thoroughly as he can, in. order to ascertain its main teaching. Then he should make on paper a rough sketch of his sermon. There is great virtue in studying the Bible at first hand. He may not arrive at much that is original; he may afterwards find his thoughts elsewhere; unconsciously to himself he may have gathered them elsewhere; but for him they are original, and will come with a freshness and a force that borrowed thoughts can never have. This done, he may with profit refer to commentaries, volumes of sermons, or whatever material he may have at hand. He should read them, not so much with a view to appropriate the thoughts expressed in them as to call out and illustrate his own. ' Some men,' it has been said, 'read to illustrate their writings, others write to illustrate their reading.' He should then put all helps away, and settle down to the hard work of meditation. It is a great thing to allow the sermon time to brew. A day or more of such preparation before beginning to write is not lost labour. The preacher will find that the sermon has taken form of itself. Towards the end of the week, on Thursday or Friday, he will undertake the laborious work of compo sition; and, if again I may speak from experience, he will not be sparing in the use of paper. Writing and improving, improving and writing again, he will often have written his sermon three or four times before he makes a fair copy of it, and even then he will not be satisfied with it. On a recent Saturday I had finished my sermon at midday, after a week of hard labour; on reading it over, as my custom is, to my wife, she was satisfied with it, but I was not; so I set to work to write it out fully again, though it took me to the small hours of Sunday morning to complete it. It was worth while, for after I had preached it many came to me for the help and blessing they had received. 'Writing maketh an exact man,' and the more frequent the writing, the greater the accuracy, both of thought and of expression. The preacher often asks, ' Should I write my sermons?' For men of only ordinary endowments I feel confident that writing is the best. Not that the MS. should necessarily be used in the delivery; if it can be done without, so much the better. Crutches are of no use but to a lame man. The freer a man is in the pulpit, the greater his power will be. The eye, in speaking, has its use as well as the tongue; and he who can look his hearers in the face will often find sympathy and inspiration in the interested looks, the beaming faces, of some of his hearers. But if a man feels that he cannot dispense with his MS. without his matter suffering, then let him use it, as Canon Liddon and other great preachers have done, but taking pains not to become its slave. By preaching the sermon frequently beforehand he will acquire an ease and a freedom almost equal to that of the extem pore speaker. A late curate of the Bishop of Goulburn; when Vicar of - Geelong, told me that the Bishop used to require him to enter the church every Saturday and preach his sermon over to him as the congregation. The Bishop would then suggest amendments or improvements in language, delivery, or matter, until he was satisfied with it. The curate confessed that at the time he often felt the ordeal trying, but that now he looked back upon it as a most valuable discipline. There are few who have been privileged with so wise a vicar as Dr. Chalmers, but we may all supply the need in some degree by asking a candid friend to tell us of our faults. I have often wished that I could preach into a phonograph, and afterwards hear myself as others hear me. There is only one other point that I will touch upon. Having preached his sermon, having shot his shaft, the preacher should leave the results with God, praying Him to bless it, to speed and direct its flight, feeble instrument though it be. He can at least rest secure that it will be a blessing to one soul — that is, himself. He will do well to . found some resolution upon every sermon he preaches, a resolution to be borne in mind especially during the ensuing week ; that will help to satisfy the very natural craving of his soul for encouragement. Very often, indeed, he will have direct testimony from others ; and the more earnest and faithful he is, the more frequent will this testimony be. When it does so come, unsought for, he will humbly thank God for it. He knows too well how weak is the effort of his heart, how cold his warmest thought, and such testimony will only drive him again to his knees praying that he may become more humble, more faithful, and that God will in the future bless him even more than in past days. The Church Review gives the following very excellent definition of ' Undenominationalism': — It is the religion in which everybody agrees with what everybody else believes, because nobody believes anything in particular. , Anecdote. — Here is a story of the Bishop of Peterborough, Bishop Creighton. Happening to pay a visit to a celebrated country house, the Bishop was offered the use of the haunted room. Not being afraid of ghosts, he accepted this without demur. Upon the following morning, at breakfast, it was noticed that the Bishop looked solemn, and it was therefore naturally asked if a ghost had appeared to him. ' Yes;' said the Bishop. 'What did he say to you?' was the next question. 'Oh, I spoke to it first.' 'Beally! what did you say?' 'I asked it to subscribe to my new Cathedral.' 'And what did the ghost say ?' ' Nothing — it disappeared at once.' 