THOU ART THE MAN ! By HISS BBADDOH, AtJTHOE or "lady Audloy's Seoret," "Aurora Floyd,," \- "Dead Men's Shoes," Phantom Fortune," " Wyllatd's Weird," , "Like and 'Unlike," "All v Along the Elver," &o.; All Queensland Rbhkcs Reserved. CHAPTER XI. Encompassed in Darkness. It was night, tho tartly darkness of a May ovening, and Brandon Mountford was sitting in tho dismal old building by the sea, whioh hod served as a prison- house for1 many genera- tions of poachers, sheep stealers, and smug glers; marauders and depredators, , an land and water ; rioters and insubordlnatcs of every kind; had served as a prison-house in thoBO bitter days when tho oriminal code was a law writ ton in blood, and the fall stop of every sentence was a hempen neoklaoo. If tho ghosts , of all "the mon' and women to whom thoso four bare walls had boen the ante- obamber of tbo grave could havo haunted the plaoo, the air would have beon thiok with the spirits of 'wrotohod creatures "whose doom looked at in tho milder light of to-day, appears judiolal murder. It was what tho oountry people oalled an " united" place. The orumbling plustor on tho lmro walls was blotched, and blurred with straggling stains and patohes of damp, and all along tho lower" part of tho walls there had orept a dull, slimy moss, liko green rust, whilo tho briok flooring was slippery with the same paraaito growth. Cobwebs had thiokencd in every corner, and tho spider had lior fill of vagabond flies whioli cumo in at tbo grating when the plaoo was empty, for tbo iron-barred window was loft open day and night. Tho furniture consisted of a table nnd a two chairs, large, hoavy, and clumsily mndo, bat whioh perhaps from their age might have boen prooious in tho estimation of tbo collector. Thero was a wide, old flreplaco, with a grato half caton away with nut, and which still contained the ashes of a fire burnt months ago. Dust and grimo were upon everything, desolation and decay wcro in tho very atmosphere of tho place, an all pervading odour of dirt and smoko and mildew. Desolation nnd despair wore in the sounds that came iu at yonder rusty grating, tho moaning of tho barren sou, tho shrill wail of the rising wind. Tho ouhtodiun of tho dog konnel had been oivil, for after all Mr, Mountford .was n gentleman, and even if he wero guilty and had to swing for it, ho muBt lmvo friends who would be likely toaalaiowladgeany kindness shown him iu liis ' dark hour. "With that conviction, Coxon, the village constable, had provided comfortable monls which tho prisoner hardly touohod, had offered to light a fire, whioh tho prisoner declined, and had brought a news paper, nnd a pair of caudles whon evening olosed in, and had sent a lad to EUorslia for a change of liteon and a supply of tohaoco. Brandon's pipe had been his only solace during thoso long, barren spaces of timo before and after the inquest. Ho had not road ft lino of the provincial newspaper which hud been brought for his entertainment. Ho had sat and stared at the Bky, and pondered gloomily— brooding upon the story of the past, recalling old impressions — hut, most of all, recapitulating the history of the malady to; which he was subjeot, us he lmd read it in tho text hooks — a dismal and a harmful study to a man in his case. Tho image of the Bavarian peasant lind boon witli him in liis solitude, tho niuu in whom the impulse towards murder was so strong it tendency that with each fresh crisis of his malady tho struggle with his own Impulses had been fiercer and sterner, and with caoh recovery thero had been in tho patient's mind a wondor- InsthnukfulneMfttnot having succumbed to that- savage longing— at having got over the attnok without satisfying the fever-thirst for blood. Brandon Mountford pondered the story of this unhappy hoing ; a man whoso boyhood and youth hod been mild and inoffensive ; in whoso warped nature the hideous inoiination towards ovil had only como with riponing man hood. He compared tho Bavarian's history with bis own. Till yesterday his paroxysms had been of a mild and normal ehuraoter ; hut yestorday he had felt tho gloom of an over whelming despair, a burden too lioavy to be borne, until, us ho Bank deopor and deoper into that dark gulf of despondency, it had seemed as if all tho powers of hell wero let looso in his bruin. A rage, an agony, a revolt against Fato had takon possession of him. Ho thought of the girl who lovod him and offered herself to bim, and whom he dared not tuke to' tho heart that yearned for her — dared not because of tho enrae tliiit was laid upon him. Ho cried nloiftl in his anguish that thecurso was devilish, not tho ohastisomont of a just and moroifnl God, but the mooting torment of devils rojoioihg in tkoir power to make man's best gifts of no avail. ... To-night in the still monotony of his shabby prifon-houso, where tho fitful light Of tho smoky crindlos played fantastic tricks with the dark wallstains, as the -flamo wavorcd with every breath of wind from the sou, to-night he recalled tho sufferings and soiisatlons of yestorday evening, and his memory grew dearer with.every hour of meditation and solitude. All that ho thought and folb before he fell headlong under the fir troos was dearly recorded by memory, but tho period of unconsciousness which suoooeded was a blank. He might lmvo boon dead and in his grave for all he Know of those hours between tho fall and the awakening. Anything might have happened to tiini, anything might havo been done to him ; hut if that interval had not been inaotlvo, if in that lapse of conscious ness a. now man had arisen within him and moved him to Btrango actions, thore was no truco- in mind or memory of tho things he had doiio. Novor boforo had be axporionped suoh a lapse of oonsduusness. His former, seizures had been briof. This -fit, with its appalling duration, was a new development of his disease. The murder Beemed motiveless, savage, tho. not of a raanino impelled by the unnatural lust of llpod. "VVho else was tlioro— who else' so likely ' as the wrotohed opiloptio — to do suoh a . deed of horror P Ho roinemhored, shudderlngly , that ho had felt ft ' growing dislike of Marie Arnold, re senting tlio Way in which stioliad thrust her-, self between him and Sibyl, making nil con fidential talk impossible, and ..-in .some : wise spoiling V. those delicious, hours of innocent friendship. " ; . .. Yc», lie knew that ho. bad dieliked Sibyl's /adopted Sistor,'nnd that/yOBterduyj ondiaeovor- ing the olue to hor conduct, ho had felt only a contemptuous.. wonder at hor folly, only a cnroloss scorn for a woman who could givo hor love unasked ; when',"if she had ayes or reason, sho must know that the man, she loved was devotedly attached to another. Ho was Btartled from thoso gloomy thoughts by. the Sound pf -voices outsido hisdooi. Tho key turned with a sorooping sound irt the rusty look, tho door oponed, mid a tall, slim figure in black canto towards him, hat and veil hiding tho faaein tho. dimlight. Butfor Brandon Mountford thore was only one face on; earth; dud he' was quick to reedgtiisi hor., " Sibyl, my Sibyl, how adorable of you. My dearest girl, hov shall I thaiik you f " Ho would havo taken lior in his arms; but she held herself dway from his' eager embraoo. Sho laid hor hand lightly on liis broust, holding him at a distance, looking him full in the faco. " Brandon, I havo obmO because I wiint to know the truth, to heip you, if I dan. I know that you aro innocont. You never oould have done that vile nnd orael net— you of ull men on earth. It is not possible." "One would hardly think so," he answered, with a ouripus low emtio that frightened her. "In my. right senses I havo no inoiination towards murdor. -I thought your friend a tiresome person' when sho hung upon our foot- Btops and novor allowed us flvo minutes' quiet tulk from heart to heart.. I used to think that rather' hnrd; Sibyl; hut that is scarcely a reason why I should murder hor. No, my .beloved, in my. right Benees— when I know what I ami doing— I should ha utterly incap- nblo of such a., crime— as inonpable as your fattier or ypu.' 7, But Wst night I was not- in my right -senses. A sullen rage against lifo and fato had seized mo. I was ia a fovor' of rehollion against the very God who made mo, and marked ino with a stigma whioh set mo apnrt from my feljow-men — gavo mo a heart to lovo, a mind to ' rovero all thut is fairest and host in womankind, and then said to me,' Thou slinlt tako no woman to tliy heart, thou shalt live and die alone.' My senses grew dim in that red cloud of anger, and whoa I came out of that blood-red. dream there had beon a brutal, motiveloss' murder done within a few yards of the spot where I found myself. "Who knows, Sibyl f How can I dare nfilrm that I was not tho murdorer f It was my own knife that did the dood." " But hod you that koife about you yester day?" . " I should say not. It is somo days since I used it, but it may have been among tho thingB iu my room. I had been packing my fishing tuoklo, and I had been absent-minded and pro- oeoupied all tho morning. I did a good many stupid things in tho oourse of my packing — put tilings into tho portmanteau nnd toolc thorn out again in a futile, muddlo- hrainod way. My mind was full of ybu, Sibyl, and our parting — tho parting that might ho forever. I might havo put that knife in iny poekat instead of putting it in tho case with tho taoklo ? " " Oh, you must not say theso things — you must not say that it was possiblo — you must not think of yourself as a possiblo murderer. You cuunot hcliovo yourself oapablo of suoh a crime — you onnnpi;, unless you arc utterly different from tho.man I have thought you — unless there can be two'natures — two soparate existences in one iiiun," argued' Sibyl, despair ingly- ' Only now, perhaps, in this dark honr, hlid sho realised tho strength of her love— now, whon she mado hersolf one with him — whon she felt and siiffered as if Iris guilt, if he wero guilty, was her giiilt, A burden laid upon her as much as upon hiin— or as if this Bomhlanco of guilt — these uoousing foots wtiioh onoiroled him — webbod and onmoshod lior as well as him ; as if this blnok cloud of horror encompassed her too, and sho must struggle through this dark ness to the light of truth. ."Why do you say suoh things?"'she pleaded, agonised by his silonoo. " You must know that you are innocent, that - however the knife came to be ther near that poor murdored girl, you did not use it." ' "I know nothing— except that there was an interval of darkhoss, a blank panse in my existence, of which my memory telle me noth ing. Howean I'tpll.that I may not have done this thing, in that interval, prompted and urged by devils. You know how the tormentor — cast out of a liumun sufferer — drovo the hord of swineheodlong to their death. That may bo taken to illustrate tho epileptio tondonoy, the driving power of evil — tho irresistible impulse towards' some not of blind violence — tlio render ing and tearing of tho fiend within, the doviliBh instinct to wbioli murder or self- destruotion becomes a ncoesslty." " Butyou have heverfeltthis dreadful impulBO —you have read of suoh things, and tlio thought of them may have haunted you — hut those horrors have never como within your own experience. , Whon you were in tho wilderness, nway- from civilisation, almost boyond tho rcaoh of tho law, were you evor wiokedoi- cruel then, Brandon ? Did you evor kill one of your follow oreatures ? " ' Sho Bhitddercd as she asked the question. " "No, Sibyl." X novor lifted my hand against my follow man. I was not a hard taskmaster. I nover had any inoiination to bo -cruel. Those who Itnow me in Afrioa can tell you that our block comrades loved mo us if I had boen their brother and th'eir king. - No; tho; impulse to tiay was never upon mo — but onoo — whon . I had tho fovor, and thought in my delirium tlmt I had two heads, and that all tho throb bing agony ivas in oho, and if I could shoot that I should he out of pain, my ohum had its muoh 88 he could do to wrcnoh the pistol from my hand before I could flro. Yot I only know this from the man who told ino about it. I havo no memory of my ravings or of my attempted suioido. Thero sometimes are two natures, Sibyl, in the sumo man— tho nature in calm and well-being — tho nature in storm and madness. . You aro an angel of compassion and meroy, Sibyl,; You oome into my solitude as a ray of light from heaven— hut you caunot help mo, dear ; and all you have to do henoo- forward is to forgot that thoro was evor suoh a man." " I Bhall never forget, and . I will nover bolievo' that you wero a murderer, ' even in delirium. It oould not be." , . "There. lies tho mystery, Sibyl, -the mystery of what can or cannot he in suoh a ease as mine. You must leave me ' to my fate, my beloved— gallows ormadhouso— or acquittal and liberty . Whatevor rauy.liuppen you have only to forgot mo; There is -a onrsa upon myilfo whioh no woman's loving heart shall share. The nobler; tho hotter, the truer tho woman, - so much ttio less would I link my life -with hers. It wus angollcof you to oome here ; and you rijubt ' come and go just as an angel, leaving -no traoe of your footsteps, only, peace and consolation in my hoart,". . , to be continued to-Mosnow.l . Tlio full number of cardinals is 70; and there aro but fi5 at tho presont time; _... .v- ; 