NOTES ON LOCAL AND GENERAL AFFAIRS. (By WIsNow) IT is to the credit of the Broadford Counite that it was the only newspaper in Victoria to call attention to thie easy manner in which .the colony could be robbed by granting pensions to public servants, and was so robbed by the Patterson Government. In the second article in the GCotnte's issue of 9th inst., headed "Those pensions, &c.;," it was stated-" An inquiry by Parltament would bring many things to light. But it is not alone with the Railway Depart ment that such a thing is necessary. In the Laer and other Departments pensions have been obtained by persons, concerniag whose conduct an inquiry wsas either fore seen or determined on, or e/ako were so useless and drivelling that their retire ment lon compensation teas inevitabl. A pension is different from compensation, of course. By tile latter the country gets rid of a useless man for a lump sum, and there is an end of it, but a pension entails an annual payment to a person, often in the prime of life, and people have to be taxed to provide the money. It will be a great day when the public will be admitted behind the scenes into these doings of the late Ministry, and a Parliamentary inquiry is the 'easy and accessible manner' to do it. It would not take much time." I now notice, as no doubt have also readers of this paper, that what we alluded to has been attempted in the case of the Police .Magistrate Bartrop, whose conduct re. garding his shares in the Irrigable Estates Company and the alleged impro. priety of seeking to obtain a transfer of them to a man of straw, to escape liabilty, having been broveght before tile Public Service Biard, the person accused applied to retire upon a pension. l'lhe Government very properly refuse l th request, for the very good reason that an ollicer whose conduct is complained of in reference to a transaction described by Justice Williams as "L fiIy" '" should have an inquiry held upon it. 'Therelose art investlgatiwn will take place, and probably another big pension (of about '4oo I year) will be saved. But this is not all. I hope, of course, Bartrop will be able to clear hinmself; but his attempt is only one which has come to light, and officially nothing is as yet proved against him. How often, I wonder, have pensions been granted by the Patterson Government to. persons as this jourrial said a iortnight ago, "concerniang whose conduct an inquiry was either foreseen or detecmined on l" The taxpayers have been robbed, ne know, but we also assert they have been so to the knowledge of those behind the scenes, and with the conrlivance of those in authority. And this has happened amidst all the protestations of retrenchment, "cutting to the bone" Ministerial responsibility, (that ghost .) patriotism, and purity. All the Patter sonian asseverations of these virtues were, of course, made wivth the tongue in the cheek. 'Tako two classes of cases. IHundreds of railway c:nploys with families dependint on them have been thrown on the world with small or witil I no compensation. An officer in the Law department being so trequently drunk. that severe reprimands were necessary, at length attempted to ascend the dome of the Melbourne Law Courts and received, pendinig an inquiry or instead of one, a pension of £aoo a year, fcr, I suppose, his inebriated intrepedity ! If it wore not so disgusting, it would be " retrenching" Government. Is there no member of Parliament with sufficient lore of fairness, and hatred of jobbery in him to ask for an inquiry ? Then again, there are the combined onslaughts by family blood suckers on the Tl'reasury; by means of pensions and positions One family draws nearly £4,ooo per annum from the pockets of tnhe people in pensions and emoluments. The total sum received in past years, it would be astonishing to ktno.. Then there are several other family combina. tions who are receiving Ls,5oo or over £i.ooo every year each one. Happy Victoria that has paid such sums in the past, but more happy Victoria if she will I now open her eyes to tilhe stupidity of doing so. Oh I for a Hume to do here what that celebrated man did in the House of Commons in regard to extra. vagance, jobbery, and useless expen. diture! \Veather forecasting is getting mixed. The disturbance " Hui" did not come to spoil the Cup day to oblidge Mr. \Vragge, weather majician of Brisbane, so the "subsidiary portion" if it was trotted out as a forecast for the opening of the Tasmanian exhibition, but the weather was, we are told, delightfully fine, so the oracle would not work again. I fear Mr. Wragge's forecast apparatus wants oiling up. I hare beaten him hands down in my prophecy, " It will be wet if it rains" up to the present. But if "Hoi" did not exhibit itself outside at Hobart, a disturbance took place in tlhe Choir because some flags, etc., were hung between the lovely young songsters in blue and red sashes and the public. There was, to put it plainly, a row, and the flags were howled at by the assem. bled choir in most unmusical fashion, probably accompanied by several blasts on the trombone. This was the inside "noise" and the flags were eventually removed and the voi then s ti still bursting with indignation) a beauti. ful hymn about "no sounds of strife resound, and plenty sweet contentment hover round, ', the word "round' rhyming to "resound" as an exhibition ode should, of course. A further dis. turbance. I do not know whether named '" Hoi" or "Both," but must ask Mar. Wragge, took place the other day when. Mrs. MacDuffy placed hier hus band's head under the influence of the family frying pant; assisted by two hob. nailed boots and a crowbar. The fore cast is that Mac will be laid up for three months. It is intensely funny that nagne of our local officers, with all their English visits, are fit to hold foremost commands, while the head of the whole army is Colonel Calico of Flinders-street. \Ve have, however, one means of defence as yet unnoticed. I sayif the Russians come, shoot thlem with volumes of Hansard, or get them to read the reports of the Vegetable Products Commisslon (eight volumes) or listen to one of Harper's three hours speeches or let them know if lthey take Victoria they will have to pay l.4n.n0, a year to its pcnsioned, and go,?nesss knows hliat, to tile at I?leselrt unpsconsiu.ed useless CIxil Sir .r.mts--as d they wsil retreat I am sure. Little .ourke-street. I beg pardon, I mean China is in a sad mess. All the pigtails of all the sons of the Moon, all the blue buttons of the Mandarins, and all the bones of the ancestors of the 400000,0oooooo0 beings, who call Queng Sue emperor are impotent againg , the con quering Japanese. It is understood, by the way, now that any one sayine that the Japanese went to Corea, having a corear before them, is brained on the spot t with a blaze of crackers and an oration of tom-tom music. As to butter, please get these facts into your head, and keep him there for pleasing recollection and further reference. C3.ooo,ooo worth of Victorian butter was sold last year, but the nett return from it that the producers got was only £,ooo,000oo. So we may roughly reckon that from every shilling's worth of butter sent out to England eightpence goes in freight, commission and expenses. But it is the old story, and weneed not be surprised at history repeating itself.. The farmer gets one third of the apple, and the middlemen, steamship companies, and others who do not produce an ounce, get the two-thirds. The well-known anec dote of the lawyer who gave each litigant a shell, and ate the oyster himiselt is very nearly being equalled by the above facts. Farmers, Wake up! I really wonder the cows do not strike. The hens in America do, so they say, when eggs are three cents a dozen. What would they do if they were "got at" in this way? A veracious story comes from King Parrot Creek. The actors it it are a snase (of course), a frog, and an iguana. The frog was innocently passing the evening doing what many pe"ple are nos -croal?nog--ahen the iguana espied him. Frogs are succulent morsels free iguanas and Frenchmen. The fr,,g seeing Ida peril h ppedottr\ie branch -f a tree and the igua a promptly followed him. A snake was lang by and witsessed the race. Stakes do not object toiguanas or frogs. The frog jumped from branch tobranekt, whilethgeiguana, snhich .uull not jump. used to run back along the branchto.the trunk of the tre tree and then. ascend and run along another branch in pursuit of the frog. Then the snake moved up clo.er, watching which of t en tw., would fall a prey to him first, But the frog was one which Mark Twain would have envied, ant jumped sn we;d that the iguana, no. the frog-that is to say the snake [Tobe eontinuedits our next]. 