Mystery of Norman Chase. SShall I folloi him ?' she thought. ' No I must undo my last week's work. r It might have killed him had he seen it. The man must be entrapped in another way. The risk to my father is too awful.' And, though with a hcsitating step, she approached the room to which a dark crime had had given a fame so fatal in the annals of Norman Chase, Hush. There is something moving there -a light step, the door is opened in the dark, the faint glow of a lamp falls across the cert ior. Mathew Drake, stealthy as alrays, has gone In less time than could be counted, a cry, resembling the human voice less than the howl of an animal, tpierced the darkness: the man reappeared, fled down the passage, and fell upon his fact', grovelling. For, in that light room more gbastly in the chiaroscuro than it would have been in the broad beams of the sun, there was a bed, on it a heap of rumpled coverlets, with, at the head of these, a pillo', and, half mufflied by the disordered sheet, suoken and dis coloured, stairing and diat.rted, the face of Henry Mainwaring. Close by stood Martha Pge. 'It was awful,' she said, and she looked deadly pale. Even Evelyn shuddered when she saw how real, in the ray of tbhat flickering lamp, the semblance between Ife and death, which they bad together prepared, was to the sight that bad spread terror through Norman Chase on the night of tHenry Maiawaring's murder. SDid he speak ?' she askled, in a low tone. 'Not a word, He louked, lifted his hands, fell back, and uttered that awful cry. Have you seen or heard nothing. I thought there were voices outside.' ' I met my father. I wi-h I could find him now. 'It is impossible, You must go to bed, unless you would have a brain fever.' 'Not until we have removed all trace of this horrible figure. I would not for my life, that my father should see it.' In the course of a few minutes, nothing remained, except the aspects of an ordinary bed-chamber. The old woman and the young girl then sought their room. On the way they had to retreat stealthily by-a passage to avoid a Lnan who, shivering as it were with ague, still crept along towards the very place he had so recently left in such mortal trepidation. ' What will he thbink,' whispered Martha, ' when he finds it gone ?' 'He will be more than ever convinced,' said Evelyn, with a bitter laugh, 'that he has seen the ghost of the dead.' They watched and waited, but Mathew Drake made hiis appearance no more that night. Evelyn had really accomplished nothing. Shehad extorted no confession from Drake, nor any denial from her father. CHAPTER XIX, WtHEN Stanley Hope and. Augusta Fairleigh had been entangled in a misunderstanding by a few spiteful words, uttered intentionally to exasperate him, by a jealous and unscrupu lous girl, with a few others maladroitly put in by a foolish old woman, wbo thought her self a deep scihemer without being a schemer at all, he did not imnrediately carry out his intention of going down to Mountcastle Cotirt.- No, he would pay a visit to his chambers in Lyon's Inn. Thither, therefore, he went, looking in at the porter's lodge. 'You know the names of all the people here, Latimer ?' he asked. The man did know. 'There was an odd thing happened, the other evening A young lady was brought here by mistake, in a carriage, and a man wearing a black cocktade annoyed her. Is there any tenant of the chambers who has a servant in half livery ?' ' No sir, but there is a lawyer-a nice one, be is, whose clerk sometimes dresses like one. It's my opinion that they have some scheme between them. His name is Maxwell, No. 2, second floor.' Thanking the porter, Stanley Hope as cended to hiis own rooms. He was speedily lost in a perplexity of meditations. 'Clearly,' hlie thought, ' there is some rascaldom afloat, which I ought, for my darling's sake, to protect her against. But how? Most likely, it is her fortune some schemer is aiming at. Then, how am I to interfere without appearing in the matter ? Aid what would she think If she heard that I thad been making inquiries about her inheritance? Why it would make her despiste me more than ever. Still, I'll see this man.' In a moment, he was knocking at th:e lawyer's ou'er duer. It was opened by a clerk. Stanley Hope scanned him scrutinisingly. In point of height and general size, he certainly resembled the man' wh0se ruffian. ism he had prevented on that first ocetsion of his personal introduction to Augusta Fairlrigb. . SIn another minute, he was engaged in conversation with the lawyer. ' My business,' he said, 'has reference to an estate which, I am to.d, is fur sale in a beautitul part of. Yorkshire, near the old mansion of Norman Chase. Do you happen to know it ? 'Perfectly well,' replied Mr. Maxwell. This, it is hardly.necessary to state, was the worthy whom we have already heard in colloquy with Mr. Mathew Drake, on the subject of the two heiresses and their fortunes. 'Rather unpleasantly celebrated,' he added, 'for a murdeir, the perpetrator of which has neirer been brouiht tJjiustice.' ' A most mysterious affair,' said his visitor. SBy the way, is there riot, at a little distance, a place cal'ed Fairleigh Manor ?' It would be difficult to say whether the younger or the elder man reddened most at this question. 'Yes; belongs to a young lady, slightly eccentric, but immensely rich, and now, inr whit way can I serve you-in respect of the young lady, or the young lady's inheritance, or - Itold you,' interrupted Sanley, angrily, 'in respect to an unsold property, down tbhre.' 'Quite so, I am at your service. But I thought it as well to mention that bothI Miss Fairleigh and her fortune are engaged. Favour me with your name and address,' The young officer gave them. ' Are you Miss Fairleigh's solicitor ?' He asked. '_Yes; no; that ie, I have had, this very morning, some nloat extraordinary iostruc tions in her name. I was in the confidence of her relative.' Augusta Fairleigh sat in hier pretty morn ing room, surroundct by the daintiest luxury. Far as she could see, the landt was her own, and all the people on it were, more or less, subject to her iufluaence. Yet she gazed listlessly upon her beautiful domain, and had obviouily been in tears. TO Be COaNTINUED, 