TOniWQWSONft E&ilN;, (Bv Johh Wahd.1! ? , ... /-o|sothing is eostrango ns.tho.truth. It is wilrlcr ?'?? / jrt? »nd moro weird than fnnby.— William ilimt ''; \- S- ? ya? §90^ffi}tyj-, Pn$w0 woron party .. 7$5lbreb')n tny bwri'rohme.1' WJipoior and I )iad agreed to spend tho ovoninp; togathor there, and; ; meeting ncoitibntly' nn' oM f i inn,d of mine, who Tin'ct run' down to Sydiioy for ? the ;Eaoler 'holidays, wo easily pornunded him to join with us.' Toni Button required ; ;.np eocond jnvitatiqn, and so it uiino about that wo throe woro soniod in my enzy , oiiu^jgury, in ino. moot opratortaDlo of cany chairs, bur pipes rtiight, and nil thomatorialo for our toddy neat at hand, vrhilot iho kottlo ' iiinp bn' tho che'effurfiroplaen. ' '? . 7 '.: '? I wonder you loft your father's oration '?Iforother work,' nait!;I; to Toni, ''knowing ns I do how you delighted in your country 'life, end that busineas wao going on- ttoil with you.' ??' '? ' ? ???'?' ?? ? :? ????? ' ? . r -He -throw, back hip head:, ngainstv. tho cushion of hin chair, 'blowing a' cloud: of , tobacco Bmolso into ;tht) air oro - replied. ' ;? ,..'. : . ' ',, :'?.', -: .. . 'VTheroo.i l-ancsa tale^oaid he at. lost 'and I'll toll 'it if you- two would, care to hear,' . Thort was a time when I. could not 'Tbear tbopaak .of thio, ,bu,t it' jo' now ;]qng past.' ?'???'?? ' ????' ? ?????? -??- ? - ? ?? . . Wheeler- ond' I unanimously oxprbased our :wiiih to hoor h!s Jale,' and aft'or 'a xnomeni's silence Tom began. ; '' ''You'reuitninbr my only slater, Ned,' eaid'he tomb, ' niy prbtly liifle.' Bister Polly, you used to be eo fond of in tho old days 1 when wo thre^i 'rah and played togethor? 'Well, after you left pur part of ,tho country, she grew into a tall slip' of a girl, and 'developed into a reguhr little beauty. Buf, unhappily, Bh;V'wa8'.u8 vain/as bright a.nd .pretty, and fli ted quite outrageously 'with .all the young- :c'ellowa who camo in hor way, encouriiging them to make love, to, her, nnd then disoor* ing them with scorn. I ofcen ecoldeii her, but tho.dear old dud could see ho fault in his favourite child,1 and so . nhe went on a( her own will. 'At last two young fellowa settled ? on ' the station rear up, arid we became intimnte wirh them. They were -/brothers Jamas and Robert See,' and ?'both fell in' l.-vb with mv sister, the little . flitt encouraging each alternately;' till' they 'became bitterly jealous of eaoh other, creat ing much uneasiness in my own m'nd ; for tho older James, was passionate nnd violent 'in his temper; At: last they had' to go together to a distant township on some business connected with thoir station, leaving1 an overseer in charge whilst they were gono. Now, the district through which they had ti pass was infested with savage blacks, who spenred the drover's cattle when they could, and would have lilted to exterminate the eettleis altogether. We wondered, thero \- fore, at tho two yoang men, and remonstra ted with' them on :fhoir folly in travelling alone, instead of waiting until they cou'W ? join a party of drovers' and travel with com parative safety. However, they laughed at our remonstrances, and said they had no fears. '. ' ? ? ? :. After some time had passed, the elder brother returned to us alone, -representing that Bobert had remniued behind at tho township, resolved to settle there, as he was sick of station life. After his return' Janics Lea wnn of tun at our place, paying his court to little Polly ; but she, having a hew admirer in the township, soon discarded Lee, and a change ii. the man soon became apparent to . us all. He contracted gloomy brooding fits, and began to neglect liis station work, to our surprise^ for he had 'been so keen and enger 'a short time back. Ho also absented hiniEelf from home for ?weeks together, returning with his jaded horse, and a strange, wild look that disturbed mo very much. At length. our Polly married Ben Cooper from the town, and, ns'she waa;to return ?with him, I, having business there, resolved ' to accompany triy sister to her now home. ? We had a large drove of cattle to put at the market there, and joined with two other drovers to make our jouinoy as secure ns possible, 'for We, dreaded an attack by the blacks, and hail to keep the sharpest look-out day and niglit. One evening when we camped for the night a swagsman ciimo.into, the camp, from the. opposite 'direction, 'and requested- a. night's protection. Ho word a slouching hat .vhich concealed his face, and appealed tp;bE' suffering from great distress, of mind and nervous trepidation, and we did not like tho lock of him, n3 in addition he gave the improdsion of being 'a rough clis toroer. ,. However, we could not turn him out, go conceited, to ,hia remaining, find QXjnnged among ouraelvoo that wa would w'atch him all night. ? ; ' Our camp w is bit the edge of a narrow gully, the trr.ol: along which our routo would lie on tho morrow wound down tho side of the gully and up tho other oide, and was pretty clear of tveea. Juot at dusk ray Dieter, ?who wap^tan.dins at the edge of this gully, ?auddenlyi gave' a loud, frightpnod ocroam, and called out— -'Soo him, poo him, :thoro he goes ! ' Wo all etnrtcn uo witu our tiro' atm.1?} thinkinp that the, hlacha had comp to gttucli- uo. bi;tab. danger, .was in. , sight. i?olly, on hein ? quostionod, a' Hi- in a state of great esoitetnent,: odid that -a amdU man in dark clothey had run' p'aat; her, turned a ibloodleaa faco with glaring oyqa towardbhor, and'had run along tho track and .up tho oppo3ite bido of tho 'guVs- Of ;c6urao iwe ^70re indinod to dorjdo thiootory odd .'pro tended to laugh at it, but oho wao do vory ?flflbWP°!QPlitQ ' uhot;oho hndooon tbet .wo beam if) fptfi that jihbrp mjigJjc-bo'Gpmo'cott ? o$ danger ? otcabl, ;Tho ?ottoDgoi1 [\y\io of noiitoo hOBTtl nil that , : p awd, . tom'iiiqod f'lloply omnking by tho firo yith avarted laqe, nri^ lqok P' part in tho dioojiiaton. _. ;; It,wa3.my turn t? bo fiVOV on watob. and tny'Vatch.v7aB to bo.irom eight ofilQOli., to midnight. TVitU my riflo loadod and: lying acrbnVW crm Beady {a? ifJQtant ugo; I paced slowly round tho camp, Tho inon 'ay uxtheirh^nkotoround tho firo, ih% homoo werb oil grouped round- tho v;ou3on ;? itho greit oilent buah lay' all arouna, r-nd tho ttooa' ,v?as :bhedaidg flaodo of light 'upon everything:' Abou* rai'dhi'jjht, 'iuot no my term of duty wno oKpirfng, J g£q«4 0(1- thp pw. tyhero my oistor hdd o'-ood, on thd'odgo ^^?(jijlly, when ouddbaly thdro ow-anp up ''M, '?; ?-';-'At';pf. -nib the Ogurb of aomall man 'ia «?i '''V^'ft-i ''thefl, who turned , towards mo, a polo. ^.?^?VX'.'-ii^witli'O.-look of pain, but with *^«/'vr^^arJn(j oyeu J quiosly ho xan past \--^-^y)' ????? mo, down tbo Ruiiy-'antl'up* tho track on tho ^other.aidp. ? Filhid with a nameless feeling of Wead iwe'ntand drouaed my companions to tollithoaijwhavl had soon.and improosod .thorn !\vith.jtbp.-«;o'ality; of, iho .njipcarancp, which itallipdLOsaotly with what my niator ha.d deapvibod. ?,, Thoro; who Jittlo m(iro nloqp in thp,J3anip, that.night^-ao for.thontrangor, hppovor.ojopt a wink tho wholo night but had tossod and turned hopelessly boforp; tl^o firo. ??.,...?. Next morning this stranger enmo to me at the party, where I stood with Polly niid her husband, and, observing un clciirly for tho first time, he jjavb'ii '.sudden and foarful cry, and liis hut fulling off I recognised with horror and astonishment, Junies too. 'I will' confess tny sin,' he 'criud, 'for God' and man nro both against mri now. I killed my brother Robert, and he lies half a miln away . ncroas tho gully. We; were rc turningfrom tho township when- tltc dovil put 'tho 'thought into:tny heart. But I have had no peace since that-awful hour. Dny and night I've suffered anguish and hiwo con stantly returned to watcli besido thn spot where he Ue3 buried lest it might bo dis covered, or ho .might rise again. Diiy nnd night his spirit h«3 tormented me. It was for thisT-rfor this .''. Iio ^hriolccd/jf-illing in n.n agony upon hisjinets, and flinging oat con demning .and dfispiuving hands -towards my siatnr, as ho turned his ghastly faco towards hor and, fixed his* hollow, burning eyes on hers, as.Bhe shrank a,wrty.froin him in fear and horror. 'It was for this I killed my brother, .nnd I was, cruelly punished wlinn she discarded me and made my sin'in vain I' Ho rose, and pulling his hut- 'down over his eyes he left the camp, moaning out ' There is no rest— no rest for me in all tlic world,' whilst we all stood round in dead silence and never raised u hand to check his way. She never saw or heard- of him agaip.-' ' : As soon os possible wo struck camp and proceeded -oh our journey. We crossed the gully, 'and after travellingabout half a mile on tho other side we found poor Robert's grave, where subsequent ciiscovoi- ieVbunished iny lingering-hope of ineioiiisanifey on Jumcs Leo's part- Alysist'jr.was .i^clmiigedsWQmnn from that day, for.she. could not but feel she was to blamn for all. ...... ,- 'i am not a superstitious man,', concluded Tom, ' and I hud never come into contact with anything like a ghost, nor. hud nny idea of; ghosts entered my mind ; but I swp-iir that I saw that figure in this moonlight as plainly ns-I:Can see. my hand.. Doj you wonder now that I disliked tli.e old ; place- which was so connected with .this' tragedy, -or that I Wft it that, I rate lit, if possible, forget?' . -. . .:. 