OUR NOVELIST A WIFE'S HONOR By the author of 'Sworn Foes,' 'Revolving ' IAgUs.' &c.; CHAPTBRXyni. THE DERBY. Pause now and look — not into the stately halls of Arlington Court— not into the splendid Gxosvenor-square mansion, but into the apartment which Lady Hugh bury had assigned to her kinswoman for her own private sitting-room. The time is about nine, on the important last Wednesday in May. The sun, shining so brightly outside, comes in here, mellowed through the half-drawn blind.8 There, in voluminous muslins, sits Richard Gueldre's widow, and there, in an opposite armchair, lounged the man who had watched the riding party into the inn-yard at the Camp Vale three months ago — Richard Gueldre's twin-brother, Herbert. ' So we meet again after all these nearly fifteen years,' she said ; ' forl do not count our chance eneounter in the cmsh room the other night. What have you been doing with yourself all this time ?' ' Why, I had all my wife's money for my life !' he answered, impatient . ly. ' You knew that, and you knew that she was dead at the time of poor Richard's shocking death.' ' A fearful loss that was, truly, to all who knew him,' she said, with a sneer as cold and hard as steel. He looked sharply at her with a sinister glitter in his eyes, though he seemed to wince, too, at her words ; then he said-1- . ,. ' There was no love lost between you, I dare swear.' 'Not one grain. Not ono hun dredth part of a grain. It was a bargain. Why not ? I had beauty and money — he thought more than I had — and he was heir to an earldom then. Why are iyou scanning me so hard, Herbert ?' she broke off, abrupt ly- ' Is it strange that I should try to trace, to define the difference between Blanche Fanshawe at twenty-one and Blanche Gueldre at thirty-six ?' 'What is the difference? Ami changed much ?' she said, with an eager hanging on his answer, which all her art could not conceal. ' Have I quite lost all my beauty ?' ' Noj' he said, with a peculiar ex pression it his furtive glance, ' no, not all. But you are changed beyond a doubt, not so much by years as by the development of qualities, of paa Rions, which in your youth were dorm ant.' Blanche Gueldre rose suddenly, and opening a rery large album which lay on a side table, drew out from it a cab inet-sized miniature, and put it into his hand. ' Aha ! Yes ! this is what you weie,' he said. It was a full length of a woman of a middle height and great beauty . The features, though not classic nor statu esque, were regular and delicate, the brow broad and intelligent, shaded by the silky waves of bright, Raphael hair. The blue eyes, the yonng, soft, rounded faee had a bright, joyous sun shine that in itself was a charm — a winning, clever, fascinating being. ' Yery fair,' said Herbert Gueldre, slowly ; ' verj lovely— oh, very lovely ; but for all its attraction it cannot bear comparison to that other — that one other face I hare seen. Blanche, you are changed.' , And his glaaee went from the photo graph of the beautiful girl of one and twenty to' the woman of thirty-six — from Blanche Fanshawe to Blanche Gueldre, and- rested there, marking the difference. Changed ! Yes, far she could not wear to him the mask of softness — the guileful veil which she habitually wore. Physically the change was not ^go great. The figure was matronly HnJmt as erect, as elegant ; the hair ^Hra&l; its rare golden brightneis, SHBraT itR pencilling ; but the two HflfiK«jttc'Sh e features were altered fflral&Hffl;^rLolet eyes were now light ra|||||||$^ tering, merciless. The ffi|l|j|i||raH& of revenge which they Hrapfi!|jffi|!£|HKthe demon, the serpent ?H^^^^^£ped in her youth, uri MBj^^HMKng since uncbiie^-ip HBMM||^|HBShe full, onmson lips ?BBHHnRHraiin, with sinigter lines n^^H^SK§f'Gm — lines of fierce pas H^HHIHpl'entlesB, cruel nature of HHBreHraffir hich creeps, and crawls, ||HnBgM&yjj;|i its victims, which takes HBnHHHglall that comes in ita HJHWjjJSlI? emorse or oompunction. BSSSraKKian had once lored and ?HHhHhhI T a heart to which her B^RffiHpre was as dross — which she IWWBgpgc fathom or understand. ' ?HBrell,' she said, facing her brother B^ffaw's scrutiny, ' am I not capable ^of winning back what was mine, what is mine still ? Am I not, with that old hold on a heart, a dangerous rival, even to a woman younger, and if you will, more beautiful ?' ' No,' said Gueldre, shortly and scornfully, 'you could not rival any one now. I believe, if Richard's ghost could walk in here and see you un masked, he would wonder how ever he fell iu love with you.' ' The last ghost I would see,' re torted the dead man's affectionate widow. ' How I hated him ! Why do you look so ?' for an evil look flashed up in his fair, large, handsome face. ' What do you care if I avow my hatred to Richard, and my love 4Vvn ? fnv ? ' ' Your love !'' said he, interrupting her with a bitter sneer. ' You loved his broad lands, and when you thought you had in your grasp a coronet you betrayed him, little caring that your falseness wrecked a heart which had lavished all its wealth on a worthless girl. It is well thai Richard teas kill ed, for he would have— he had, I sup pose, already proved that his egg was a scorpion.' ' One, at least, that has power yet to sting fatally,' said the woman, getting her foot on the ground, as if she were crushing something beneath it. ' Why do you suppose I came back here last Bpring ?' ' No good, I dare . swear,' said Gueldre, roughly. ' I came back to 7ww,' she answered ' to throw myself at his feet, and sue for pardon, for love. I went to Arling ton. I reached his park gates, my hopes high. The old love must lin ger. I asked carelessly of him, and learned that he was married only a few months before. . ' The best thing he could do,' said Herbert. ' Married !' Blanche cried, .with a suppressed passion which . , seemed. to raek her very frame. ' A'girl, a mere girl of eighteen, as proud and haughty as himself. I found thai there was no love lost between them.1' i*1'- 'How could you knowao 'muchy Blanche?' 1; ' That is mv business ! 1 found more than all, that she has a cousin who is in love with her, against whom Philip Yivian would take no warnings, though he winced under them.'y ' What ! you havo met him again, then?' exclaimed Herbert Gueldre, with something almost savage'1 in his eye and accent. t r ' I have not to his knowledge, but to-day on the race- course I probably shall. Now, listen' to me, Herbert,' she said, with an abrupt change of face and manner. 'It won't do for us two to quarrel, least of all on that point. I have one aim, you another. Both, for different reasons, tend the same way. You want money — I may want aid. You bet, you gamble for gold — I play for revenge ;'we are quits. Serve me well if 1 need it, and all is well for you ; bnt' — she laid her thin fingers on his arm, and fixed her bright, cold eyes on his—' be false to me, betray me, and you are a lost man. Kill me, and your fate be sealed, for a letter lies in safe hands— not in mine —which on my death will be delivered to one who will act upon it.' Sfee was master. Whatever his seorefc, she knew it, and used it meroi lessly, as she did every weapon whioh came into her cruel {/rasp ; but a min ute's reflection reassured hint. She might suspect, but could not possibly know all she said, fetill it suited him to dance to her tune. He answered, coolly — ' It suits my interests to meet yaur views, but I assure you your threats fall very flat, as I hare only to put one single force into action to laugh at them and you.' ' You are warned,' she said, sink ing back in her chair. ' Peace, and all is well. Is that the carriage at the door?' ' Yes, and Lady Hughbury calling out that sh« and Mrs. Fraser are ready. Blanche rose, threw on a light scarf, took her brother in law's arm, and descended; the fair, smiling, soft, still fascinating woman whom the world saw. How many thousands were starting at the same time ? How maay more thousands wore making Epsom Downs look like a huge fair or gipsy camp beneath the bright May snnshiae? Such a motley crowd. Here is a Fantacini, whose name proclaims its Italian birth — a sort of mora refined Punch, no doubt a theatre oi wonder to the crowd of young fry who was staring with big eyes at the marvel lous milkmaid, out of whose pails jump at least a dozen little milkmaids in pink, whose dance to the Pan's pipe, reel, and finally vanish, to make room for the long~necked man, whose throat elongates, pulls out till his body is dancing inside, and his head on the serpentine neck dancing outside. There is a species of horrible faseina tion in this puppet, which we well re member in our own childhood. We wer» half afraid, you nuiat gaze and wonder. Then came the skeleton, which dances, falls to bits all over the tiny stage, and jumps together again so marvellously. Why has a skeleton such an extraordinary charm for children ? We would not Have missed that grim puppet for any thing; even the long-necked man paled before .it, and the fairy ball which concluded the show was com monplace in comparison. A little further off there is a Punch in full scream, dog and all, surround 'ed by a far more vulgar audience, while net far off come the strains of that never tired of favoHrite, ' Ah, che la morte !' from one of tioso now rare band organs. These dear old friends of out childhood — can we ever forget them P How we used to admire the brown horse, who nodded his head in time, and how we wondered how the little coloured figure with the plate could possibly be so knowing eb to tell when we put in money-^-which he kept, of course — aud whjetf we put in stone, which hejLc^ti^§S^i^--Theii there yr£v%;$0i&£%0PMPh& all kinds an^d^acrip;tiWs0 Aunt Sallies yd^o^; 6nd, tumblers, Bthiopean ^eferiaders/ by We1 fifty, oagan ginders, cheap jaicks, doakeys by the hundred, swings, merry- go-rounds, peep shows of all manner of variety, vendors of everything eatable and drinkable; settlers or toys, scratohers, flowers, flour puffs. Then the endless phant asmagoria of human 'beings on foot, in vehicles of all shapes, in twos, threes, fours, and parties, from the tradesman's cart to the open carriage full of ladies, and four in hand drags crowded with fast men and women, some with dogs or monkeys dressed up. Some of the visitors were mount ed, but there were not so many. Of all the crowd of busy men, betting men, jockeys, &c;, it is needless to speak. (To be continued.) 