TRUE MANHOOD. [By Ven. F. W. Faebab, D.D., Archdeacon of Westminster. 1 f_'Qnit you like men; be strong ' (1 uor., xvi., 13.) The Bible is essentially a manly book, and the words ** Quit you like men ; be strong,' are bub the energetic summing up of its repeated exhortations. '* Be strong' is the advice of Moses to Joshua, 'and of good courage.' 'Be strong, and show thyself a man,' said the dying David to his son. ' Say to tbem tbab are of a fearful heart, Be strong, fear not,' sang Isaiah. 'Be strong, O Zerubbabel ; be strong, O Joshua ; be strong, all ye people of the land, and work,' is the message of the prophet Haggai. 'Be strong in the Lord,' said St. Paul to the Ephesians. ' Though, therefore, my eon, be strong in the grace that is in Cnristi Jesus,' is one of his messages to Timothy. ' ' I write unto you, young men,' says Sft. John, ' because ye are strong. ' But what is manliness, and wherein does strength consist: My friends, you will never hare taken even the firsb step towards a true estimate of that question unless you estimate wherein the nature of man consists. And here no one can for practical purposes get beyond the tripartite division of St. Paul — men con sist of body, soul, and spirit. A0 these elements leb us for a moment glance. We have bodies. The body is bub the mortal instrument which we use during our transitory passage through life. You re member that the troubled prince in the great tragedy signs himself, 'This machine which ia to mo Hamlet.' But the body is more than a mach\ae. It has two aspects. Call it 'the flesh,' and we mean thereby the lower in stincts of our nature which we have in com mon with the animals ; call it ' tbe temple of the Holy Ghost,' and we mean that it should be the habitation of the Spirit of Christ. Dust, indeed., yet dust translucent with the divine life within. And, again, we have souls. The soul is the seat of the passions and emotions and pride, with all their train of kindred impulses. That part of our being, also, may be degraded and perverted until the man is like an evil spirit, fulfilling the desires of the mind, worldly, eelfish, having no hope, and without God in tbe world. On the other hand, the soul may be pure and transparent as crystal, active as fire, unselfish as a ministering spirit, sweet and tender as grace, strong, generous, enduring as the hearts of martyrs, the seat of every ennobling aspiration, the picture gallery of every beautiful memory, the nurse of every iaepiring thought. We have bodies, then, we have souls ; but we are spirits. The spirit is the highest and truly divine part of our nature, that by which we hold communion until God and become one with Him. ' The Spirit itselt bearebh witness with our spirib thab ~wa are children of God, children of God and joint heirs with Christ, if bo be tha* we suffer with Him, that we may be also glorified together.' The spirit, then, is the highest part of onr nature, and it is the eternal law of nature, no less than of scripture, that ' he who walfceth after the flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption, bub he who walketb after the Spirit shall of the spirib reaD eternal lite.' And here you have the explanation at once of all the paradoxes about man and about human nature, of which all literature ia full. liow poor, how rich, how abjeci, how august, how complicate, bow wonderful is man ; heip less, immortal ; insect, infinite ; worm, a God ! '' ^V*hab a chimera stud chaos is man,' says Pascal, 'glory and shame of the universe. If he exalt himeelf I abase him, if he humble himself I raise him up.' Pope says — Sole judge of truth in endless errors hurled, The glory, jeet, and riddle of the world. How are we to reconcile these antitheses? They are easily reconciled. Eaea ons of us ia as great as he is ia God's sight, and no greater. Leb a man sink himself into animalism, and he is a bea3t — no more, nay, rather less. Let him rise on the wings of faith and hope, of purity and kindness, to the grandeur of his privileges — 'I have eaid, ye are gods, and ye are all the children of the Highest. ' To be a man in this sense is to be but a little lower than the angels, crowned with glory and honor. The old Greeks eaid, ' How gracious a thing is man if he only be a man.'' Alas ! it is none so easy to be a man, a true, right man, when the world and the devil and the flesh surround and ertsere us with their alluring sorceries. This heighb cannot be obtained but by stern and resolute climbing. These evil passions cannot be made to yield but by a strong will, tbe servant of a tender conscience. Xheae evil spirits go not forth but by prayer and fasting.' Bub if he alone is a true man who thus lives according to the Spirit, and not he who fulfils the desires of the flesh and of the mind, at what is such a man to aim ? Do you think thab the answer I shall give you is only the answer of Scripture or the answer of religion ? Nay, it is the unanimous answer also of science and common-sense, of pagan philosophy, of all the experience of all the world — yes. even of Satan himself. We think, and rightly think, a great deal in thase days of the teachings of science. _ WeH, the teaching of science is in this matter in exact accord with teachings of Scripture. Science says the body is defaced, effeminated, sickened by self indulgence. Scripture savs, 'If any man defile the Temple of God,' him will God de stroy.' Science agrees with pagan philosophy in summing up the rule of life in two words, anechou, apechou — endure, abstain. Give up ! Christ) says, ' If any man will be My disciple, leb him deny himself.' Again, if you will read any of the noblest treatises of moral thought, either ancient or modern, Pagan or Christian, you will find there also, thab they are all one on thif» matter. Turn, for instance, to the famous Ethics of Aristotle, and he will teach you that happi ness has an energy in accordance with virtue, and thab perfect virtue is the supreme good of man. Aristotle says thab the character of tbe perfect man must be developed oub of the two cardinal virtues of man liness and self - mastery. The Scripture says— Be temperate in all things. 'Quit you like men ; be strong.' And the experi ence of the world confirms the eame. Take all the zeoords, all the biographies in the world, and in them, too, you will find as the invariable lesson that 'the wages of sin is death,' and that to lose the life for Christ's sake is to find id. I said, and you may have been surprised to hear me say, that eveG Satan himself confesses this truth ; and yeb ib is true, for Satan himself never thinks any youth so great a fool as to try to persuade him that if he sins he will nob have to pay the penalty of ein hereafter. Satan does not deny', even to his victims, thab punishment is only another same for gatlt, taken a little down the stream. In the old legend Dr. Faustus bargains that the devil is to lay aside his devilish propensity for lying, and when questioned, to tell nothing but the truth; and the devil replies, 'I will answer to your questions truly, the world does me injustice to tax me with want of truthful ness. Let them ask their consciences if have ever deceived them, or made them believe that a bad action was a good one. I do not deceive. I tempt.' Now in youth we are liable to fatal errors — liable all our lives long, bub in youth especially — as to the nature of manliness. Those errors belong to the ohildish things whioh St. Paul bids us lay aside when we become men, and of which Aristotle says that) we apply the name of intemperance to boyish faults. Youths, for instance, very frequently confuse manliness with its very opposite, namely, with precocity in vice, which, like that of the Prodigal, has exchanged the easy burden of Christ and the blessed freedom of righteousness for the destroying slavery of ein. Youth sees a strong, hot-blooded Esau, never looking beyond the moment, letting nobbing stand in the way of his unbridled passions; it sees Absalom, beautiful and bad, living only for sense and for self ; and it considers such charac ters manly. I bave often seen youths at school, ana wnerever jtuuvub are siBBeuiuiea tne idols and popular heroes, talked x-t as 'such fine, manly fellows,' bore upon their foreheads tbe marks of extra vaganoB, excessive devotion to amusements, desultory aims, shallow attainments, unbridled impulses ! Yet these qualities, so fur from being manly, are the Tart 'Terse of manly, ffhey ebow weakness whioh, on any standard above that of the animal, are softness and effeminacy, nob the qualities of a man. And I have Been others win as purely an admiration foreuoh base qualities as wealth, insolence, a spirit of contemptuousness. an overbearing manner, a preposterously exaggerated sense of their in dividual importance ; bnb even tbe pagan will tell you that these are the qualities nob of manliness, bus of braggadocio and pride, and what St. John calls the swagger, the gasconade, the braggart vaunb of life. And yet of what infinite importance is true manliness. Many and dark are the problems of the future and of England, and if the coming generation is to be saved from them we want men. Men, nob systems, fit and wise ; Nob Faiths with rigid eyes, Not wealth on mountains piled, Not power with gracious smile ; Wanted, men ! Wanted, deeds ! Not words of mincing note, Not thoughts from life remote, Nob fond religious airs, Not sweetly languid prayers, Nob love of scented creeds. Wanted, deeds! Men and deeds ! Men that can dare and do. Not longing for the new, Nob prating of the old, Good life and action bold ; ? These the occasion needs, Men and deeds ! What, then, is manliness 1 All that it is I cannot tell you, bub let me try to give some few notes of it. First, it is self-respect. I need hardly warn you tnao self-respeot has no analogy to pride, or to the wretched vulgar ape of pride which is self-conceit. I cannot express to you better what self-respect) is than in a passage which I have always regarded as the noblest in English literature. ' If,' says John Milton, 'the love of God, as a fire sent down from . heaven to be ever kept alive upon the altars of our hearts, be the first principle of all gedly and virtuous actions in men, then this pious and just honoring of ourselves is the second. Something I confess it is to be ashamed of ill-doing in tbe presence of any, bub this is still the fear of infamy; bub he that holds himself in reverence and due esteem for the dignity of God's image upon him, and the price of hi3 redemption which he thinks is visibly marked upou hie forehead, accounts himself a fit parson to do the noblest and godliesb deeds, and much better worth than to deject and defile with such a debase ment and pollution as sin, himself so highly ransomed and ennobled to a new friend ship aud filial relation with God. Nor can he fear so much the offence and reproach of others as he dreads and would blush at the re flection of his own severe and modest eye upon himself if it should see him doing or imagining thab which is sinful, though in the deepest secrecy.' And next to self-respect manliness is resis tance. The true man will not bend like a reed to every passing gueb of that insolent igno rance which sometimes in the lighti-headedness of nations arrogates to itself the name of public opinion. He will nob swim with the stream either in the Church or in the State, but will strike oub against its fiercest waves. He will not spread his eail to the soft breeze of flattery and self-interest, but even when menaced with shipwreck will oppose his constancy and his convictions to the fury of the storm. Ab school and at college, in his regiment and in his profession, the unmanly youth will always follow the multitude to do evil. He will be a reflection, nob a reality. He will be an echo, nob a voice. If betting and gambling are the order of the day he will bet and gamble, and plunge into thai guilty and ruinous excitement rather than have the courage to say ' No.' If he be thrown in an atmosphere of vulgar rowdyism he will be vulgarly rowdy ; if drink and lawlessness are thought fine qualities by fools, such a youth will . drink and be lawless ; if vice and impurity have innoculated his house or his school with the virus of their plague, he will be vicious among the vicious, and impure among the impure. But the manly youth, unmoved amid hurricanes of hate and ridicule, the tribute which vice always pays to virtue, will, as I have known him do, always break through like cobwebs tbe trammels of false custom ; will fronO the guilty compliance with a sturdy ' No !' will uphold the dignity of Christian duty ; will rise superior to debasing examples : will follow his conscience as she supreme guide ; will be moderate among the extravagant, temperate among the drunken, and chaste and pure amid a tainted society ; will raiaa the eternal protest of tempted innocence, ' How can I do this great wickedness and bin against God ?' On a tower in the south of France, Marie Durand, wbo was imprisoned for 40 years because she would nob abandon the Reformed faith, has carved as tbe lesson of her life and of her long martyrdom the one word ' Resist.' Ib is a noble and pregnant motto. Resist the temptations to be idle, self-indulgent, vicious, and all the more if those around you are go. Resist the prejudices and the littleness of your own profession or school or party ; resist the temptations of the impulses of your lower nature ; and so far from being weakened by the struggle, the strength and tire of the con quered temptation shall be to you an added element of force, even as the Indian warrior believes that the strength of his vanquished enemy passes into his own righfe arm. Resist difficulties ! Show tbat you have some iron in you, and are not all cf straw? 'Resist the devil, and he will flee from you.' Is there a lion in your path, then stride upon it, sword in hand, and strike at ib, whether you slay it or it slay you. Tbe greatest men the world have seen have never been sleekly prosperous, facing both ways, making leagues with death and covenants with hell, answering the multitude according to their idols ; they have been strong fighters, terrible toilers ; they have been tamers of monsbers, tramplers upon dragons ; they have told corrupt churches that they lie, they have told wicked kings that they lie, they have smitten wicked multitudes in tbe face, and told them that they lie ; their very martyrdom has been a death-defying utterance of truth. We want much more of this complete disdain for vulgar popularity; much more of the spirit of Phocion, who, whea he once happened to be applauded in a speech, turned round and asked with astonishment — ' Have I Baid any thing wrong then ?' Which do you desire— 'To be sleekly prosperous, or a true man? Which do you desire to do — To get on. or to serve God ? I tell you that if in any high sense you would do the latter you must often abandon all earthly hopes of the former. He who would be a true man must face unpopularity and injustice; he must endure hardness as a ^ood soldier of Jesus Christ ; he must leave the leeks and the fleshpots of the world's sensuous Egypt behind, and climb God's granite mountains and hear the wild music of His desert winds ; and through parted seas and thundering battles follow the pillar of nrd before him. There are many spurious forms of courage, and that which is often most admired is the lowest and poorest like that of the brutes. The manliest courage is that which rises superior to the fear of man. The manly youth will have a certain disdain and impatience of evil, a car tain violence of truthfulness, a certain im petuosity of principle, conquering and combat ing all that is hollow and base and mean. He will not be at the mercy of a wicked code of a few silly or depraved companions for & few brief years, ab the cost of having to reproach himself as a fool all the rest of his life. Let no one of you ever say, ' I am too common place, too insignificant, too uninfluential to seb a good example.' You know how when the Spartan boy complained to his mother that his sword was too short, his mother Baid to -him, 'Then add a step to it.' The dullest and weakest youth, if he be good, may win an angel's envy and do an angel's work. Shall I tell you what two Ebon boys did ? One, present at the annual supper at the Christopher at Eton, when, as was the evil custom in those days, a coarse toast was pro posed, remained seated and turned his glass upside down. Tbab boy was William Ewart Gladstone. The other, captain of tbe boats, refused to row if the others swore or used vicious talk. That boy was Bishop Coleridge Pafterson. O ! What incomparable good does a youth who is truly manful do in any society or in any school with which he mixes ; how will he communicate bis own healthy, breezy virtues to minds sicklier and more effeminate; how will he retort upon the soomer the pointed finger of scorn, judged of no man, judging all by the standard of God ; like that flaming seraph of Milton, turning his back disdain fully on those who would Qout him tor his allegiance to God — Among the faithless faithful only he, Among innumerable false unmoved. Unshaken, unseduoed, unterrified. And again, manliness is self-mastery. It sits self-goverened in the fiery prime of youth obedient ab the feeb of law. What agony, what wast of sacrificial tears and blood, might have been spared, it has been said, if men had never fallen into the easy doctrine that sin is only a venal infirmity of blood, nob to be sbernly visited, and that ib is a necessary factor of progress, out ot which experience grows ! If ever you find your own soft and shivering egotism trying to seduce you into sin and un manlineBS pray ' God pardon me against my self.' This coward with prophetic voioe, Which craves for ease and rest and joys ; ' Myself arch-traitor to myselt, My hollowest friend, my deadliest foe, My ologr whatever road £ go. And this self-mastery cannob be had without self -sacrifice. Wouldst thoa have knowledge now in the days of thy youth? Then work for it! Wouldst thou have fame? It is not ?worth having, but if thou wouldst, work for ib ! It was the fiat of a lost Eden, work ! It is the law of life, work! It is as true for nations as for men. Idle nations are ignoble nutionB. Egypt, fOsggish aad indolent, may be expressed by the imbecile contentment of the Sphinx. Marked ye yon arrow hurtle through the sky? Heard ye the dragon monster's dreadful cry 1 Apollo launching arrows of light at the python of corruption — that is the type of Greece in the brief flush of her glory. Any fool, the weakest, dullest, paltriest tbab ever was,' can make a drunkard or a debauchee. There is no human clay so vile, no sludge and scum of humanity so despicable, bub oub of ib you may make aneffeminatecorrupter or lying schemer; but it takes God's own gold to make a man. No lacquer work, no tinsel suffices for tbe cherubim of the sanctuary. They musb be hammered out) of pure pold, seven times purified in the fire. From whom, ib has been asked, does the inspiration descend on us? Is it nob from the central figures of the great tragedies of .humanity; from the creators of law, from the avengers of wrong, from the martyrs of right, from the missionaries of mercy, from the Pass of Thermopylae, from the self- dedication of the Decii, from the fires of Smithfield, from the waters of the Solway, yea! from the cross of Cal vary? And he who will not take up that cross cannot be a true man; he cannot be Christ's disciple. To conclude, then. You who have the world still before you, you who are the trus tees of posterity, you on whom must rest the future honors of this once God-fearing island,, choose your ideal. Tell me what your ideal is, and I will tell : you what you are. Each year myriads die whose death is a moral and spiritual shipwreck; who have done no good, bub harm, to their fellow-men ; who have nob elevabed, bub degraded ; nob purified, bub polluted them. They die, aud for the tire of their blood and the marvel of their life they have nothing to give back to God but du3* and shipwreck. History and fiction, and daily life also, set them bafore us. Men in history, whether in high or low places, like a Nero or Heliogabalus, men like Louis XV. or Charles IL, men in fiction like Tito Melema, whose one object it has been to make life easy to themselves and to erase from their vocabulary the great word, ' I ought ;' men, the dregs of epicureanism, who through all their long, useless, ill-favored lives, always contrived to live well and eat and drink of the beat, to [make gods of their bodily senses, and to love no one bufr them selves. The gilded youth, of whom we ask, ' Oh, what avails to understand The merits of a spotless shirt, A dapper boob, a little hattd, If half the little eoul be dirt?' Will you be men like these? These are nob men, bub hungers, fevers, and appe tites. Or will you be of those who believe ih God, and being very sure of the soul, and having made Chrisb their Captain and their Master, have raised strong arms to bring heaven a little nearer to our earth, like him who purified the prisons; like him wbo emanci pated the slave ; like him the martyr bishop whom they sent floating over the blue sea, by the coral isles, with a palm upon his breast ; like him the self-effacing hero who ended in the desert city the life he had devoted to his poor ragged boys; like him who was laid at llolokai in a leper's grave ? And there, enthroned in such high state they lie, Thab kings for such a tomb might wish to die. Like all the faithful who have nob been famous ; like all the saints who are bub dew drops tangled in the hair of Him who is the King of Saints; yea, like Him the King of Saints Himself, who set us the eternal example of the perfect man thab we might rise with Him, and by the aid of His grace to the measure of the eternal God. Would you do this? Would you be this? Then remember that tbe ideal of Christ is the highest ideal of what each Christian should be. He is the highest, holiest manhood ; He will be the better self to all who give their will to Him ; and, therefore, in words which I have quoted to you before — Follow thy better heart ; Follow thy better will ; Ani so thy better self In thy best self fulfil To thy besb self be tru& ! To own an honest band, To own an honest name. To feel an hoaest hearb, Is more than wealth or fame. To thy best self be true '. Gj, face the future, then, Obey thy soul's best word, 'Twill lead thy steps to peace, Tfirill lead thee to thy Lord. To thy best self be true! So shall thine influence bless. And when thy years are passed, S 3 shall thy better seif Ttiine angel be ab last — To thy best self be true ! 