" 'i fEABJ&LTASK.; ! Tharo waa no indieatioa of danger or disaster as the mid-day express steamed out of Jersey City. Some ten carriages composed tho train, and these contained oyer six hun dred souls. When the gay, busy city had been left far bohind, and all was going merry as a marriage boll, an accident of a most unusual character occurred. Aa the train dashed forward at lightning speed, and telegraph posts flew past like frighted ghosts, the fireman was engaged recharging tho somewhat exhausted furnace,' when a fierce back draught suddenly shot out, enveloping the advanced cars in flame and smoke. The engine-driver and stoker were . driven' from their post by the blinding smoke and hot/cindera, and compelled to take refuge in| one of the adjoining cars. : The crowded smoking-car coupled to the; engine was the first to come under the power of the flames. With greedy rapidity, the forked fire licked up the paint, andi laid hold upon the dry woodwork of tho'J carriage. j It burned fast and furious, and-seemed-aB if it would destroy the whole train in a very! short time. ! The crackling of burning timber and the: thick black smoke that filled every car sontj consternation ;o many a heart. Cheeks' blanched at the sight, eyes glistened wild at1 the glare of the ever-increasing light, and j strong men trembled at the thought of perish- j ing by fire. '< The train seemed sweeping on to csrtain destruction, and panic and confusion every where prevailed. Men and women rushed; from one car to another, seeking in vain for. a way of escape. Many and fervent were the : prayers-which rose to heaven for* mercy and deliverance. The crucial moment came. When the first shock had passed, the engineer began to real lise his responsibility, and to think of the lives in peril. The cold sweat broke over him as ho remembered that his mate had fouled the springs of the brako, and made it almost impossible for him to—bring the train to a stand. Nevertheless, he resolved to risk his life in the attempt to reverse the brake, and save the human lives under his care. How was the fearful task to be accom plished . The brave fellow buttoned up his coat, drew his breath, md nerved himself for a desperate fight with the flames. On quitting his plac'e'in the car he retraced his steps over the now almost red-hot-tender, creeping forward through the smoke and flame, with how much difficulty and pain no one will ever know. Still the burning train kept whirling on. The intense agony of the passengers became terribly painful. Every one seemed paralysed and none dared to go forward to help, or to bring back the hero who was now hidden from view. Relier came ac last, and not a. moment too J soon. The suspense was more than flesh ancU blood could endure. A vibrating sensation1 ran through the train,.and this was followed' by signs of 'slackening'speed. The heroic soul had reached the brake, flung back the lever, and shut off_the steam. In a few moments more the train came to a stand, and: six hundred souls were delivered from the; jaws of a, terrible death. As they.stood clear, of the burning cars many a heart breathed.a! grateful' Thank God, we are saved !' The liberated passengers lost no time in' turning their attention to the hero who had brought them deliverance. The stoker, who had rushed forward to his plucky comrade, found the poor fellow disfigured beyond re cognition. He had done his duty, and then, when nature had reached the limits of endur ance, and in order to-lessen the torture of the j remorseless flames, he had clambered over into the tender water-tank, from which he wis taken in a pitiable and unconscious con-: dition." His clothes were burned from off his: back, his face and breast had been ploughed; by the fire, his limbs wero charred almost to; a cinder, and shreds of scorched flesh hung from-hoth hands. 1 Hearts swelled, with compassion, and hundreds of eyes wept hot tears of pity and gratitude as they beheld the marred form of': the Pennsylvania engineer, who had given his life for thorn. Strong, arms raised him up tenderly and bore him away to the hospital, wherej in spite of skill and nursing, he sank under his sufferings, In a few hours the story of Joseph Seig's lined of neii-HHuriiiua were dashed around the civilised world. Thousands in all ranks of. society paused to admire his heroism and loyal devotion to duty. -It is to the honour of working-men that there are in their ranks, in every land, men: equal to such circumstances. Every day fur nish ea evidences that many courageous ones are ready to rise superior to feelings of per sonal danger for the sake of. their fellows. | Long may this be so. Deeds like these, and nobility of this kind, "never die. Kings and millionaires die, and are forgotten, but de-l votion like this remains sunny and green. Such deeds will live in thememory foralltime,' and unborn generations will be stimulated by I their influence. —G. Eakdale, in " Scottish American. 