THE LION-HOUSE Al' THE p ZOO. slic habitant leone.-- -tld map of Central Afrlca. a (.Spretator). Few pu'biie c~lhractrs aore " at home" to ?viitors ldiit.g so noory hours of the day acv the itnaltes of thie liotnhlloue at the Zo; t lwho ulin ht wlth juitice enter I pIrotest aguaist thie Iteivility of the public, which insists on taking the notice that " The lioeon wtill e fed at 3 ,'eloik," ao a Irenoig iavi taltil to he llectators of their inllllers at 1 naral-times. Even the hardened Afrlican trnve;ler has been known to itirce under thle usolsled critleiloin of hit bhck fellow crceanres upon his mniller ot laking his ntsl t and the btensts lhat wt re horn to rule in the junlgles anol deserts of an uncivilistd world may well complain of a judgment e pn-el ont their nadvince in nlinllers balhed lpton the daily appenl to their primilivee instlntts. Yet the ecolvmny of the lion lhone so fiol differ from the ordinalry life.of the other inaaotes of the Zoo that, for anl undilernilng public which wants excite tIlent Iand has no titme for observation, there is every inlduceinelt to cotfiue its vislts to a ]tiultular hour. The rattle- sheds, tile autelope-house, the mon;key-pilare, or the aviaries, preelsent mluch thle slLe apLpearance at any titome in the day. The pleaistllt roundI of cotftort-eating, drinking, playing, or sleeplil-g-goes oil without variety or long cessation. iBut the lift of the. great ear .uirols is: grdered differently,. and with \--" iO.ller exactness." Ill?the mornintg itl the lion- hou-e, ill is quiet. The unihnl' atre restoing or eleeplling, and the only visitors are artists or ph'lognrapllher, whom0 the ilonst Soblige" with a sitting at a cheaper rate tlut, ntiny professional lmodels lit tle trade. We wonlder in how manluy chuaraeter the old Nubtun Hlioll ])like' lhas appeared. lie has striven with Hlercllles, eiirrited Una, been vanquished by falntoln, and shl ot hy Nimrod. He hans rored at )Daniel, anld ecten martyrs itnullalerable; and now thllt Ilts granld old body Is shlumk, ils eye dian,.indhisi roar dililnished to It poor old Itill's pleat for -on early bone, he still lives on ecnioina to enter tilln Androeles fit Its denl, or dies, tihe lht of li trace, Ilt tie desert envernl of someu Uttist's fnlley. Daouthlens life is easier to the old liin than itf left to tile cioel end whlich Nature reserves' for the lust days of the lio'llet of beasts. But we could wish thalt so01 .benevolent funld were oleqtd to gie hliil the food heI loves best in his inst days, aIlnd that 1er. Br, lln Iiviere would painlt hi as lie Is,-while the'great black inane still Illangs like a robe upon hlio shoulders, and tile stiffened IIIlli still give. support to 'lthe shrunken yet m!ljestle froamle. Ars lolng, vita bret is, Il, perihap,n sayinig which wsould appleanl othe hungry lions equally wihh the urflsile visittirs to tile Zio, as feedinie-tlie apprlllcnhis. At 2 o'clock p ain. the animals awake. s!reteh themselves, alit ya'll, shlOwiln the wldlth of their enlormous jllws, and mins of gleilnllg teeth 'he'public grow lnterested, and the artistsn desplnding IEve the little buy in knicker hbckers, the werk ont lhse ostel suggests the story of Mlicheol Angelu'. first essay in sculpture, drops his brushes and runs to tihe steps at thle lack ito woteLh his sitters in lellton. 'Then. feollows the nmeials quart d'heure Iefore dinelr -in tills elt-e Ilduly protracted. All tIle eauliful,t lithe are.t tules, tpaclig reastles-ly to alnd fro, noirnlens, as ghosts, seetu to be perfornling it kindl of " grand .ohlllli," llwhicl becomes faster alld fastelr its their imllteuce lllld'hunger tin. creanc. An the hwlingl of the wolves inI their ditlait cages i hleard by thel lions, exrctemIntt breaks' beiyoilid comtrol',aiod tthe ri artf o tlhe'hiigry beasts olily ciise'os the truck of food is enpliled. As a spretaclel the sight hasi W eciertiii('literest. IBut ex. cept for thsll whose iloiigilttion call picture no otlher side of nulllillll lifo il dally coutioatt wi'lh iliai It is;, Iilloej, thoe lorst illllomlent to sllrct in ordler to appilreciltte the real chkaraeter of thlloe lmost friendly ieaits,I the lions ild ltigers t the Zob.r Ill the early morning liburs 'hen their!' *ttfing-rdlims" have been duly swept and strlewn with fresh sawdust, and helir toilet--wlich is always cnm(plltled inI their rleepglll chaimbers-I. fluihltd, the Irmn dtorn ore opellned, and1 the trnsllt of tle'difeienlt cnges coile leilsurely out to greet tIle day', encll inI hIlmor as the night's sleep or' llnlltunl lteaiper dictalen. Oll tihe last ocnsiihn Iell which tihe writer sealed.o l nit t tgers' luevi; Itwas. evident that l eit(ln disagreement h1d llarked' the mlorninllg holulr. Th' tligrinas frnll IIy derahlid 'tilwno out with lla rushll, and greeted the world withll a most.forliddilIg rowl. She t1hen tlood erect like ia disturbed cut, swntjlIlllg her: lnll;to mld fo,.nlld tafter exanmlninlug every corler of tile aoge, sum. tnlelld: Ier,Inmte e II t 0lln disntenlll.nledjronr. T'he tlger then sliked out itid oludeavoured to solhillltb"s Irprtiler withl somle conollltn plee elaress, whllch pparently soolhl d hter ruffllld nerves, for aofter hrllrlpenig her claws upon theflmnor,slno lay d.down, and rolling over oil hir lniel; will pawsd folded on "her jbreustiilid nouth Ihalf openrcy nt tiome onentoeittdly to sleep.-h pilr of tier cubs Il theltiX ?.'il g' weL e sill sleepllg tleo Iotlnlg sleep oift youth, oto mikllngTa "[ITow of tllIe othltr's hlouldur. Tlitr'it Iti, ny lid' obkeved;ir ilo t ld6igtlb? lli?ke' cats; but reseiibl'e In allllr i:ttlitdt1 of re0pou0 ttllo'henlltuxillo laonIIPO ofisonIe lpeited house-du , cllnatalltly rolling over on their bidlcsli istlkckl g uji 'their p:s; witlh leads u00pon ole side, )lid )eyes hallf. opietl.' Ti'his pltir 'of ehnU , n1in sdmleO tlwo yeori 'old, li u lle)tl youlneit lillilthiilits of tle' loumst, hinillg beenlpreoitv!l byIjillo' alilluranc e" iOf OGlypiore n III: 1812 i lioth cubo,' Wllen eullltl my the kdelier,'can 'bd slrok'nd.'llld iltlted like uti "'litit mim igor wllille hl' j'et Itled ill iteg llat'Sl'Park Ila LIoHn so eumoleelI'y Iulieda in theIlr In!lbour fidlitirkil a ellslllu T?a'kg I ilu coalidi iii. iellOlrt i rIt n iii dI ilalateliesi oflin Cof nicrlt Anlim ros tlhe h 't 1011l01 Sit, ItIenee by il • !0 thle Glk Wilhosi initllllllybyti ,to Wall. itrkliru' I mlellqllililnlleo of Wli 'itla' OlurO of l"l l pirtl:naer ill he o( nLersli s di' aJ c'd'tfl. Sia," the IIger wics \- ". . ' ":" (k s" llo 1 ' ould pick up and pour over his bead a basin of o water, and was as tame as ta poodle. The t a disal remembered and recognised his first a owner long afterho had foun I s resting-place at the Zoo, though not at so long till nterval f as that after which the lion in the Tower t showed its affection for its old keeper. ( This lion, which i certain IMr. Archer, t emiployed at the Court of Morocco, " had I broutght up like a puppy-dog, having it to t lie on Its bed, until lie grew as grinat as a - mastilf, and no dog could be more gentle to those he knew," was sent to thle lower where, after an interval of seven years, I he reeognised onie John BIlil, a selvant of his master, who, according to Captain John Smith, " went with divers of hIls friends to see the lions, not knowing that his old fliend was there. Yet this rare beast smelt hin before he saw himn, whnlting, groaning, ?ttd tumlling t ithll such anl expression of acqulaintance, that, beinllg informeld by thet keepers how hie aeoun, Bull so prevailed that the keepers opened the grate, tlld iBull went in. But no dog could fawnt mlme on his muster thant the lion onl himt, licking his feet sand hands,' nsd tumbling to and fro, to the wonder of all the beholders. Bull wits quite satisiali with Itis reeoguitiot, and mlntaiged to get out of tile grate ; but when thoelioa saws his friend golne, tno beast, by hellow:n g, roairing,scratching, and howling, could ex press more riage and sorrow; tinither wwould hei eat or drink for four iwhole days after wards." " Warsaw's slfectloins have not been put to so severe a test ; but lls for. beitaral e miaLy be judged fromn the filet that lie will allow Ihis paws to be pulled out Ietwaceen tlhe .ars, and his toes to be eximillled, to see wihether lisla tials Willlt cutting. " Jack," the Ilidlia tiger, rivals " Warsaw's" good temper, atid surlpses himt lit beauty. lie shares, witll the youlng Sokoto lilon, the place of honuur as the finest creature in the Gardens. Wihen he arrired, in 1I88, as a five.lontths-old coub, Ite was led by a collor ansd cllaill like a big dog, and for somie time was led to slid from his cnge by his keepers with io other pre colltilon, unttlil Iis teluelano to be shut up, iwhle lie preferred to walk at large, led to r his peittanent illtrisountltll. A tigericub froml Clilta, whllich arrived recently ill the Gildelos, was not less tame, rubbling its cheeks against the keeper's hand, purring U Ild setting tilp Its tal' like a friendly cat. ' This cub has lost its coot, owilng to tht Ilhanrhips It endured before arriving iat the Zoo,'nod lives in private iparttmelits at the II bck of the house l hilt the for is now Sgrottihg, tand before loltg It will take its 'place atoing thtose of its. kttil who are already introduced to ,illndoll society. k Death hans left more than one gap among the old Ilhabitats. of the house, Ill~i two at e least Will be replaced with dilliculty. 'he e rare stiow leopard from Thlhet did ilot lolng survive its arrival ; onle of the ptIntn has Siield, anld Its mate is is yet unoellsolable; While the old jguitar fromn Corriellte, "most ri-ilcy coloured aied picuresqueof all tile t great eats, is also nlissing fromt the rinks. tltut ot ereven at A!nsterdlm,ll the heaid. r qutirters of the " llon.trade" ill Europe, is tlhtee sueht a gatheling of the iltlre as ill '5 theu ociet)'s Gardens ill Itugent iaork. 