CHILDREN'S COLUMN. ! A DESPEHATE FIGHT. By Paul Hull. OMfiftbe moat thrilling eventsin-tbe history of military courage is that of Korke a Drift, where iassthan 100 English infantry held, their ground against and ultimately defeated 3,000of the bravest and beat disci plined savages in King Uety wayo's army. _ Daring the Zola war of 1879 two lieu tenant* (Bromhead and Ohard), with eighty> aix men.under their command, were aent out on a foraging expedition from their oamp on the Bnffalo Hirer. Two days Uteri laden trith the epoils of their raid, they started hank. While ascending a hill over which the trail ran, three columns, eaob composed of not leaa than 1,000 warriors, were seen following up the spoor (traok) of the soldiers. Against auoh an agile and unencumbered foe flight"was hopeless. A place presenting some natural advantages for astubborndefenoe having been observed but a abort distance baok, the little party retraced its march and proceeded to fortify it with the means at its oommand. The paokhoreee were killed to sorve as the foundation of a barricade, and on top of them were tied the bags of mealies (African corn) with which they bad been burdened. Before these crude defences could be entirely com pleted the Zulus, necessarily merged into one column of attack owing to the defile through whioh they were compelled to charge, came swarming up the pass. "Aim low, and pour it into 'em, boys!" wm the order, and pour it into them they did. For several minutes the rush lasted, yet not« man appeared to advance beyond a certain line. It was like the horse in the treadmill, who keeps continually moving, but fails to gain a foot. So it was with the Zulus, for the quick volleyB mowed the head ranks down as though some mighty scythe in giant hands was swung with pendulum regularity across the path of the oncoming host. Soon between the fort and the'enemy a new barrier com menced to grow—a barrier of dead and dying men, up to whioh the marching com panies advsnoed only to swell the gruesome heap. Baffled and amazed, tho savage horde at length swung back out of rauge, but not for long. There was not a warrior among them but knew full well that Cetywayo would put them to the spear if they came baok defeated, bo it was as well to die in battle as to offer themselves a saorifice to the contempt and passion of their ohief. After a time those within the entrenchment caught the far away sound of an'ominous murmuring, whioh presently swelled into the dreaded war ory— the eong. those wild warriors sing only when they marsh to viotory or annihilation. Then they appeared in their original formation of three columns on the plain beyond the mouth of the pass, their ox-hide shields across their breasts, and their great stabbing assegais (spears) held a little in advance. So they came on until they choked the entranoe of the gulch; then the two rear columns baited, and the front one crying, " Bulala nmlungo 1" (kill the white men I) oharged. Those who readied the human barricade threw down their _ shields, through whioh the bullets passed with ease, seized the IifoleBS forms of their comrades, end oontinued to advance, eheltered from the fire of the eoldiors by the bodies of the dead. Many of the Zulus in this way enocseded in reaohing the foot of the breaetworke, but in order to leap the same they were compelled to expose themselves to the deadly fire of the breechloaders, and although several of them gained the enclosure by vaulting over the barricade it-was only to be impaled on the glittering bayonets that fringed the wall. Again thwarted and amazed that their courage availed them not, the remnant of the column retreated slowly and sullenly down the pass, some of the Zulas halting every ew yards in the midstof the fire, whibhoontinued to waste them away, to shake their spears at the little band. "We must make this wall higher, lads, said the officers when the last Zulu had gained the foot of the hill. "Jump out here, and pile these bodies ou." There was no laoli of material, and in a short time the barrioade was raised so high that a number of the dead were thrown inside to serve as a platform for the soldiers to stand on and sight their rifles over the top, Shortly after this the sun went down; then t he soldiers knew that they would not be again assaulted until the daybreak; for the Zulus believe that at night the air is full of ghosts, and although they are, probably, the physioal superior of any other raoe, and endowed with a oourage whioh often approaches the sub lime, darkness has the effeos of foroing them to give full rein to their superstitious fears, and eo they gather in equads around their little camp fires, finding comfort in com panionship. After the night had fallen the question of retreat was considered but soon abandonod, for it wbb seen that to escape it would be necessary to gain the open country by stealing down and out through' the pass that was certain to be guarded well. Do the brave company took a pitifully small pull at the precious liquid in their canteens, and after the sentries had been posted stretohed their exhausted bodies on the rocky floor, and wiih a dead Zulu for a pillow sought the rest that was to strengthen them for the desperate struggle on the morrow. Just before the eastern sky began to pale the soldiers were awakened, and none too soon; for, thinking to take tho garrison by. surprise, the Zulus were to be observed creeping up the defile. A belohing line of fire told them that their object was hopeless. The snn was over an' hour high before they made their first obarge; then, although killed, wounded and ewept back, they osme np again and again only to be torn and shattered by the awful showers of leaden hail poured upon.them from behind the bulwarks of their own dead. Throughout the day every storming devioe known to the men trained in oarnage was adopted by them, but without success; and when the second night oame on the Zulus could oount the coat of - their desperate valour by the hundreds of men who carpeted the pass. During the day the soldiers, driven to it by - the soorohmg heat, had consumed the little water remaining in their canteens; and now another long night was tu pass without a drop to moisten their patched throats and cracked and bleeding lips. _ "Lieutenant," said one of the men, "let' me go and try to fill a few canteens. I may get through, and if I don't—why then I'll know I've done my duty," "No, no, man; if we are to die we'll' all die together," was the answer he re oeived. At last the morning oame and wore away. Were the wily savages playing posBUm among the rooks, hoping by stratagem to gain what their courage bad not been equal to? Did they expeot the soldiers to believe that they .had given np -the fight and left, them to make their way book to oamp in; safety ? r The midday sun, so-near the zenith, that, failed to oast a shadow shot down its burning arrows upon the devoted band, whose blood - shot eyes kept watch behind the putrid bodies of their foes. Oaepf the men motioned—fo speeoh was not possible —thathe would creep down the pass and see if the Zulns had really gone. His officers did net deter him/fortbey knew that sinless water m to belied ehortly few .<of them would be alive when another morning broke. -Climbing over the barricade the brave fellow made ins way warily; along nntil he neared the outlet; then, leaning hie rifle against a boulder, he got down on his hands and knees and crept to the opening. Several minutes passed, then his anxious suffering comrades saw him jump to his feet, 1 awing his arms to them, ana walk boldly out on the plain. Had the condition of their throats permitted a cheer of victory and thanksgiving would have shaken the boulders of Rorke's Drift. In another moment the entire garrison were swarming down the bill to plunge their fevered faces into the leaping, laughing waters that sported among the; rocks. It afterwards became known that the three Zuln regiments defeated at Rorke's Drift were fully equipped for a long oampaign, and were on their way to attaok the settlements of Pietermaritrburg and Durban when they oame across and followed up the traok of the foragingparty. The two days' fight so thinned their ranks that the original design was oban doned, and the whole Natal territory was thus saved from destruotion and the inhabi tants from : massacre. For their gallant oonduct in this affair the two ofBoers' were brevetted majors, and honours were ATOtrded to tbeir men. \- Haider 8 Young 1 People, 