THE LASS THAT LOVED A MINER.I by J. monk FOSTER, Author of " Slaves of Fate,” « A Miner's Million,” '•The Write Cipsr,” •• A Tit Brow L:is»ie,” etc. \--—jWS A SCAN’S riGl-ItK SriJAM« nose THE SHADOWS. synopsis or 1'iiimous chaptehp. CiTAi’Tisi: I. to IIL—Slmdrnch Deane, a collier nt I ■Amberswood, effects the rescue of a f el lew-workman named David Southworth, who wns imprisoned by a fall of roof. South worth’s brother introduces him to •a factory lassie, named Nannie Wilson, and an intimacy springs uj> which ripens into affection. CHAPTER IV—At the Fair. It was a Saturday evening early in the last of tho autumn mouths, and, for the timo of year, tho weather was exceptionally Cue and warm. The sun had gone down an hour or two ago : a full moon of deep yellow hung low in the heavens, and overhead the pale Stars faintly twinkled in the gigantic archway of tho skies. All the main thoroughfares leading from the surrounding villages to the town of Hollingford wore crowded with people who -were making their way—some in carts and waggonettes, others on foot—towards the ■wide patch of waste land on which Holling ford Pleasure Fair was held twice a year. Among thoso who journeyed on foot wore Shadrach Deane and his sweetheart, Nannie Wilson, and with them were several paird of lads and lasBCs from Amborswood village and like themselves all were bont on a night of rollicking enjoyment. All the mombors of the party were in the highest of spirits, and as they strolled along two by two, each lad with his lass on his arm, they chatted in the gayest tones, laughed perpetually, andmade merry after the thought less, light-hearted fashion of young folks ■who have money in their pookets nud plenty •of fun beforo thorn. Presently Shadrach and Naunio and their friends entered tho aneiout-looking and tri • ■angular-shaped Market Place of Hollingford. Here the vehicles were landing the country people, and tho soono presented was one of •tho liveliest kind, for the wide spaoe was ab solutely packed with all Borts and conditions of townspeople and villagers; all manners and kinds of stalls and hucksters’ stands— while the air rang with ovory variety of noise. Butchers wore vending their meat in stentorian voices ; the sellers of cheap prints and odds and ends of drapery were extolling their wares to the unsophisticated country women; dealers in cocoanuts, fruit and • confectionery were belauding their goods in no uncertain tones ; while men and women, lads and lasses, aad young children of both sexes pressed hither, thither, thiB way, and that towards their different destinies. Without muoh difficulty our party of young friends made their way through this small Babel, and in a minute or two were going along MesneBlane, the narrow street, •void of side walk, whioh gave access to the -fair ground from that side of the town ; and soon they were amidst a great Babel which dwarfed the one they had left into insignifi cance. To those who are familiar with the Lanca . shire fuirB held in popu'ous centres the scene which presented itself to Shadrach and his friends will readily suggest itself ; and to those .who are not acquainted with such carnivals of the masses, a few words of des cription may not prove amiss. The Fair Ground was an irregularly shaped ■piece of waste land a couple of hundreds of yards long and only a trifle less in breadth ; it was unpaved and unsewered, and during wet weather it was little better than a stretch of mud, while in the dry season it was only a desert of dust. At the time Shadrach and the others paid the place a visit the ground •was hard and dry, the dust having been laid •by plentiful applications of water. The chief feature of tho fair was its clamor. On every hand arose a confused clamor, pro duced by the laughter and chatter and ex clamations of the people, the noise of braying bands of music playing in frontof tho booths, • the exhortations of tho showmen to “Walk up •' walk up!” and view the wonders to be aoen alone within their walls of wood and canvas, the olattor of huge “ rick-racks” swung in strong hands, the screaming of blatant trumpets aud bibulous trumpeters; the sharp reports of the guns at the “ shoot ing galleries;” the rattle of the “little horses;” the whirr of the “flying boats” and other soundB, noises, discords too numerous to tabulate. Aud then the shows. First and largest was tho travelling circus with its down, acrobats, bare-baok riders and dancing girls —the latter bedizened, rouged, powdered, and capering about the platform in front of the show to the huge delight of the gaping crowd below. 1 Then came the “Galleries of Art”—big peep-shows with various pictures; next the ghost shows andconjnring shows, so sugges tive of inexplicable mysteries to the simple , Next were the shows containing the Mammoth Stallion and the Miniature Pony ; the Patagonian Giant, tho Russian Dwarf, and the Circassian Beauty, all for one penny,;, the boxing show where a huge black, and half-a-dozen villainous-faced pugilists, In vited the best man in the crowd to a game of fisticuffs ; the pea saloons, where the lads and lasses ware regaling themselves with plate -fula of boilod blade pons; the toffy and oake stalls, where lads were trying to win tooth some morsels by speculating their pence and half-pence on the “ turning-boards,” as the round disc and the spinning pointers were sailed; while over all was the howling, soroaming, hooting, hissing, discordant • uproar of Hollingford Fair. With Nannie on his arm Shadrach forced his way alongside the front of the booths, and the rest of the party followed as best they • conld at their heels. Eaoh of the young men had a “pookot full of money,” and as eaoh • was out with his favored one, there was no • thought of sparing their well-won cash. They wont the whole round of the shows, seeing all there was to be seen and enjoying themselves to the utmost iu their own simple _ fashion. Then, when the booths were ex _hausted, they repaired to the swings, to the i»“ tickling boxes,” and the shooting ranges, jjoj-whero numberless pennies were expended in a^tho vain endeavor to find the bull’s-eye and Ha ing tho bell. . ' . , •j_eji.it was while tho young miners were hana , <« the guns and their sweethearts were rftuptefi hng behind watching them, that ouo of Qthw 1'e a comPan*on3 touched her quietly on at he tiou'^er> remarking inflow tone:— it tj pok over there, Nannie;" « aU abhare r What is it, Peggy ?" tho girl Ithe mat3 atl0 turned round. j* rnurdftlrei beside the horses. Don’t you see **bk was3 David Southworth." '1 South I SB0 h'm now,” the lass responded, ted • the is dodging away among the crowd. Mr ex<7°- I don’t care for him, and I It’teu i” Nannie said, warmly. • Were” ttu should havo seen the nasty look ^■ttveiin Nannie, when he saw us all here Shadraoh there with us. He jjf he wanted to throttle some ly Shadrach there.” fc-ld he, Foggy?" • ve chucked him over, I “ Chuokod him over ! How could I chuck him over when I never kept his company?” “ 'David used to say you did.” “ Then he told a lie.” ““Well, everybody knows that he likes you,” the lass named Peggy responded, “ An’ now that he has seen you with Shadrach lie’s certain to work you both all the ill-will he can.” “ Let him!” Nannie cried, stoutly, feeling quite safe in her love and her lover’s keepiug. ‘11 oan take care of myself, and I dare say Shadrach can do as much for himself.” As the girl voiced those words she swept the crowd around with her eyes, and saw David Southwarth again. He was standing behind a group of red-cheeked and plump bodied country women, and, owing to his great height, was looking over their heads straight at Shadrach Deane, who was just balancing the gun at his shoulder prepara tory to firing. ■ She watched David keenly. Thoro was a deep soowl on his great dark face, and a" vioious gleam in his eyes. She felt instinc tively that Southworth’s soul was moved to its worst depths, and that he would not scruple while his evil passion was moving within him to wreak his animosity upon her lover. Just as that thought (lashed through Nannie’s mind Bhe saw David turn, his eye caught her’B for a moment; she snubbed him with a look, and ho strode away and was lost in the throng. The girl turned to her friends and paid no more heed to the incident. She had never given David Southworth any encouragement in his wooing, and so, sho considered, she was not to blame for any disappointment he might feel at that moment. Half an hour later, when both the young men and their sweethearts had drunk their fill of noise and fun and frolic, they all set their faces towards home, taking a short cut, which led them through shady green lanes, quiet woodland and sweet smelling meadows. Tho great yellow harvest moon was now sailiughigh in tho dark vault above, and the peaoeful country seemed doubly delightful after tho bustle and clangour of the over crowded fair. Besides, the young folks were young and in love, and therefore had no quarrel with the world. They thought, and perhaps wisely, that life had few better things to offer than a fair, nuts and ginger broad and the company of their lovers. The clock in the tower of the village church at Amberswood was striking eleven when Shadrach Deane and Nannie Wilson said good night to each other at the corner of the Fox and Goose. They had parted and each went home ward in the happiost frame of mind. The girl lived only a stone’s throw away, while her lover had to walk right along Tunstall Lane for the distanoe of half a There were no lamps in the lane, and the moonlight rendered lights unnecessary, but under the trees the shadows were thick, and one side of the road where the hedgerow was high was plunged in gloom. Swingingcarelessly along, obliviousof every thing buthis own pleasant thoughts, Shadraoh was not a little startled when a man’s figure glided—almost sprang from the shadows, and a deep voice oxclaimed: “Is that you. Shadrach Deane? Wait a minute, for 1 want to speak to you.” “Hello, David, is that you?’’ Dean responded, amiably enough, as he recovered from tho momentary shook, and recognised the man he had snatched from death. "Yes, it’s me, Shadrach,” the other made answer, somewhat sullenly, as Shadraoh came to a standstill. “I’m glad to see that you are all right again, David. I supyose you’ve started work at last, I heard so." “ That’s not what X want to talk about. Southworth snapped out, in an aggressive “ What is it, then 1" Shadrach asked, as he realised in a flash the purport of his fellow miner’s presence there. “ It’s right about to-night—’about you and Nannio Wilson ! What claim had you to take her to the Fair ? What right have you to come between her and me ? That’s what I want to know, Shadrach Deane!” Southworth ejaculated. “ You've no right to ask me such questions, Southworth—at least, I think not." “Haven'tI! Nannie was my girl before you came here, and now—” “ She is mine!” Shadrach added, firmly. David Southworth laughed loudly and harshly. “Is she? Don’t be cock-sure about that.. You'vo meto reckon .with before that job is settled.” . . “ But if Nannie doesn’t care for you?" “ Sho used to care for me—would have cared for me still but for your interference. I am very sorry now; I can tell you, Shadrach Deane, that I should have to think that" I owe my life to you, Southworth said, bitterly. “I’m sorry also that anything should have come between U3.” “ If that is so you can easily mend matters." “ How ?” “ By keeping away from the lass alto gether—as you ought to have done all along. Didn’t my brother tell you that Nannie and me were keeping company ?" “ He did tell me, and I believed what he said at the time. But now-” “ What now “ I know he told me a lie !” “ How do you make that out ?” “ I will tell you. Before I ever spoke to Nannie of my own feelings in regard to her, I asked her if it was true that she was en gaged to yourself.” “ And what did she say ?" “She denied it most emphatically, and said that she had never givon you the slightest reason to think she cared for you. After that I had a right to speak for myself; I spoke and now the girl i3 engaged to “ You mean to marry her, then ?" “ I do—as soon as I can make her a com fortable home!” Shadraoh replied. “And I swear that you never shall marry her while I live !” David Southworth hisBed inhusky tones. “ Before I'd seeherthe wife of another man I’d shoot her—and the man too! I mean it, Shadrach Deane, by heaven I do, so you can’t say I've not warned you!” With that threat on- his lips the inoensed pitman strode off, and Shadrach pursued his homeward journey. 