PROVING HIS THEORIES. BY TOhEMIAN. Wanted-Valet; must have good refer enoes. Apply A. D. Goodman, King's load, Chelsea. Bach was the adverlisement which ap. peared in several of the London dailies. At 10 o'clock the same morning, a short, thick-set mnan, with an extremely red nose hbowing that he had been a high liv.r in the servants' hall, knocked at the door of ;he house on King's Ro d. A neatl5 ,ttired servant girl, with a muslin cap 1ptr-bed on her pletty features, appeared in the threshold. " Is Mi GJodman in ?" asked the caller. " He is," responded the girl, with ueveral ,critical glances at the man who •toed before oar. . I should like to sae him on boeiness.' "Step in." The visitor was ushered into a bright front room. " What name shall I say ?'" " Mr Smiler." The girl disappeared: Then the man began to examme the apartment in a e.surely manner. Several handsome paintings and quite a collection of rare orio-a-trec born ampl, testimony to the rttibtic propenstits of the master of the conse. '" Some swell, evidently," mormured the man with the red laoe. The girl reappeaue,. * Master wants to know what's yoam business." "I called in reference to an advtrtiae. .nent for a valet." "' On I" S e tossed her head- and again ranished. About five =mmute, elapsen and then the guil entre. the room. " You can wait here," she s.tid. " Alaser isn't up yet." For forty minutes the vi?itor was left to his refleo ions. "Mass be some blooming sport," he commented. Tuen the soor opuonn snu a tall, pale gentleman entered cue room in a languid fashion, ploked up the morning paper and earsl.saly hoannod she contents, as though o0liviona to the presence of toe visitor. He read the telegr.phic news ant then the local Toe setvant brought in a tray upon which reposed brekfasa', bacon, oggs, a cup of coffee and rolls. The gentleman put up his nose and ea d "Jane, take away those Oishes. Leave .he coffee.'" The servantshlently obeyed. " H appetite isn't good to-day," com mented the caller. Tue gentioea an sipped the coffee with apparent relish, read again the cable araicl from Paris and finally 1.ghted a tigar. All this time the visitor remained standing respectfully. At last he ventured to cough, and toe gentleman, turnming to him, remarked "Aw-- ou called about the advertia.. mendt P" "Y.re, sir." " Where are your references ?" " Here, air,', and he took from his pooket a bulky package. "' Well, I non't case to see them." "I solved last the duke of-" " What the Jevil do I care whom you served ? Will onu accept a guinea a week -nd expenses ' "YBe, sir." " V.ry well, we leave to-nigl.t for Paris. lea that every thing is ready." With that the gentleman took up his net and cane and strolled out of the heuse in a leisurely, half.bared way. ,"He is a rum un," commented the visitor. Two days later the gentleman and his servants wire quartered in Paris. Tne former has rented a magnificently fur nished house in a fashionable part of the city. Try as he would, Smiler could learn lit.le of his new masttr. He came and wvent. He usually arrived home about 2 in the morning and sometimes 8miler had to put him to bed. He got up anywhere between 10 u'clcok and noon. Sometimes he breakfas.ed heartily ; at other times he .aesely sipped his coffee. Smlthr was commissioned to bay tickets for every faehionable event, from the opera to the races, and he always came and departed in a private carriage, quite an elegant equipae About this time the Parisian newspapers were rgitsting the matter of the remarkable tests in spiritualism given before the eminent gentlemen by a peas. ant woman in Milan. The psycholrgical soc:iety was in soseiun in the French oapi tal and tte comments on the feats per. formed in Italy were made more interest ing by the presence of a rer.owned English mind reader. This gentleman showed great aptitude in ferreting out criminals, and his accuracy in this respect made him feared by the wrong doers. Mr Smiler read of these wonders, but being of a sceptical disposition pooh-hoobed them. One morning when the gentleman was sipping this coffee, into which he had placed a few drops of cognac, he looked up from his paper and said to Smiler "Markham, the mind reader, has run down another criminal, Smiler. What do you think of that r" "If I might venture an opinion, sir, I should say that it was all bosh." "All bosh, oh? May I aek why P" ' Well, sir, it stands to reason, sir, that no man can read what is going on in an other man's mind. It is against nature, and wt.at's against nature ocn't be done, sir. My idea is, sir, that this man, this fraud, I will call him, sir, is en collusion with these fellows and pays'em. That's my impresion, sir. Easiest thing to hnum bug these French savants, sir. A criminal sir, can't be detected except by dotec tives, and they make an awfol botch of it, sir." f So you don't believe in it?" The gentleman was now drinking his second cup of coffee. "That I don't, sir." "WellI, now, suppose that I give you a little practical demonstration." SmilEr atSrted. ,' You, sir F" "Yes, I've studied a li!tile in that line as an amateur. BSppose, for example I were to read 3onr mind, Smiler?" "Youn couldn't do it, sir." "I should say you were a faithful. honest fellow, who always served his matter's interests. 8miler gave a deprecating gestore. "It wouldn't take no mind reader to tell that, sir." "But wouldn't it take a mind reader to tell, Smiler. what Son're got in your pocketbook ?' Smiler turned pale. "' As an amateur, Smiler, mind I don', pretnnd to be saccunrate; I should say that it anyone should look in that pocketbook he would find my ruby scarf-pin and mJ emerald and diamond ring." Smiler nearly went into a fit. 0 O1 course I have so many rings onn pine that unlesa I was a mind-reader I would never have missed these. And, let me see, Sailer, in your trunk you have three pairs of my trousers. Those woah not be easily mr:ssed, either. Also aboa fifty neckties and collars and ceffu in numerable." By this time Bmiler was as pale as a ghost. " If I were to read your mind a litthll turther as an amateur I would tell yeou that on the 20th day of Bentember you ,ent to a pawnshop on the Rue di Rive 1 and there disposed of two seal rings an a watch, for which yon received 500 france. They cheated yen, Smiler. Yo, should have got double that amonnt. From there yon went to a bank, like th thrifty, honest, frugal fellow that you are and opened up an account. Oa the 23r. cf September with commendable induvtr3 yeo added to your little horie by dispos. iog of my gold-mounted stick, the on presented me by the Baron RIothsohil. You carefully obliterated the names. I commend your caution. Four days after. ward you sold, or rather pawned, sundry articles in four different plaoes which I on l I Lu tho time t9 enumgevtp, In all :ou have 1,500 france in the bank and 20 tracos in your puocketbook, together with ethor articles of mine which you were • bout to get rid of this morning. You • ave bean qoi!e thrifty, and ics'de of a aonth it was your intention to draw ont ,our money and emigrate to America, vhero you are desirone of setting up itn trade. To haas been your dream,8miler, he life of a prosperoe and honest tradesa nan. Am I right, S.tler? If I have unde any mistake attr'bute it to the faoo hat I am bat an amateur." But Smiler was spaeohless. " To continue, or rather to go back into the past, I read that you robbed all your -asters before me, only they were not nind readers in an amateur way and at. riboted the loss of different things to aatural ahrinkage. Wuen you firdt en .ered my apartments in King's Road your .houghts were regarding my worldly poe sessions. You saw much that made you dure I was a man of means. After I en :ered the room I was eeomingly busy reading the newspaper. Really, Sailer, I was reading yon. I did not want to see your references. They were eaperfl tons. The man himself stoot before me. There was the reference. I determined to make a little Etudy of you. You inter?sted me at ooe, for I recogoised in you a thief of many years' trainuing, a thief who had pil feresa or all his life and never been de. teoted. Here, I thought, is a subject worthy of my attentiuu, here is a case which will edify and amuse me. So I took yonu to my bosom, 8ruter, and employed you on the spot. As you stood there waiting for me to addrt es e on the tioughts that fleshed through your mind were: 'I can easily get away with one of those Dresden-wars vases. He hea 8s many of them that he will never mi;s it. Thrn he must be a careless sort of a swell, one of thoce spendtbrifts. He will come home mnebriatej every night. It a pin, a ring, a watch or some other article disappears be will think he lost it somewhere the trght before. iere's a swell that paysno attention to his personal efE?ots. All he thinks of is having a jally good time.' Am I right, Smiler '' But Smiler never relapsed from hes col lapsed condition. " You began to pilfer when yon par chased the tickets to France. You made ten shillings on the tickets. You put aside for yourself five shillngs from the ,archaees from the trunkmaker. Di not deny it, for it is written indelibly on yocr mini. I took to you light away. * Here is a precious rascal,' 1 thought. ' Here's a servant worth having.' Yon will remem ber that 1 commended you for yourfait:. fulness. And now, Slailer, doyou beholae in mtnd.rsaing ? By the way, where a.e those pawn tickets, and kindly hand me your bank.book." Smiler obeye. without a word, •'And now it wouldn't take a mini. reader to tell what is going to happen." Toe languid gentleman went to the door and ushered in to oficors. Smiloer tell upon thi knees. *" Mercy, meroy,' he said, ' Y;u Corroborate ait I have said," re marked the gentleman, with mild interest. Yres, yae, I c.nftss. Don't put me in gaol."" hu " " I am sorry, Smiler, but Ihave finished with my Eubject. I will now turn him over to the law. Officers, do your duty." " Very well, Mr Markham," replied one of the flicers. "Markham ?". groaned Smiler. "'The same," replied the languid gentle man. "The great English mind-reader ?" "I am he. I advertised not for a vale, but for a enbj=ct. I wanted to prove some of my theories to the society if savants h re. YIu have proved a very goodsubjett. I snail write out the results of my investigations to-night, and then it you care to have the law deal leniently with you, yon wdi sign it. I will then read the paper before the eooiety. My enemies will have to concede that my work is incomparable. By the way, S.uilsr, have I converted you to : b.lief in mind-reading F" "You have, sir,": groaned Smiler. "Ani now, officers, take him away, as l have a little work to do." Wtth that the languid gentleman turned and entered his study. .tlder straightened himself up dismally. ". Well, I'm b.weoa," he baid. 