Cwpiilíg amiwlfli piinfiT. [FOR THE GAZETTE]. (Br CHABLES JABJDYNE PATOK.) WHEN I broke down from over-work in Sydney, the doctor advised me to take a trip to the Clarence and Richmond Rivera. " Don't excite yourself. Don't worry. Just rest, and you'll be fit for work again in no time. Whatever you do, don't go poking around for copy," he said when I called to get a supply of tonic. Going from the Clarence to the Rich mond, I travelled in the coach to Wood burn. During the trip, the driver, Gus Neil, told me the story of the notorious Twowharves murder. Gus was a beggar for detail. My nerves were unstrung and I longed for rest. Still the driver was so kindly, and appeared to derive such intense pleasure from his gruesome narrative, that I hadn't the heart to cheok him. He gave me the history of the murdered man, of the murderer and his wife, and of the town where the ghastly tragedy took place ; and I gained quite a fund of topographical in formation. When I sat down to dinner at Woodburn, the landlord asked me what I would have, < Yes, it was an awful afiair,' I said. ' What was ?' he asked. * Why the Twowharves-oh t I beg your pardon. I'll try a little beef well done.' All through the meal the landlord eyed me suspiciously; and afterwards I heard him say to his wife, 'That joker's a bit balmy; I think, missus.' Travelling down the river in the mail boat, I sat on the bridge with the captain. He re-told part of the story of the murder, with variations. I did not wait for him to «finish. My nerves were getting on the jag gain. I went into the stuffy little cabin ; 1 ' '? . L I .-?«? ? ??).? _y;.;-?_-,_:_^_i REV* tmm CAMERON. and here met a commercial traveller, who was going to Twowharvee. When he heard that was going to T wowharveß, W 3Íace brightened. ''4 That's the place where the awful murder lX%LIft1^^rSÖyj.V.?M cow^^iyer, told me aU about it. «Oh l Gue Neil was sure to fill you up with his theories and a lot of fanoy details^ j I'll bet he didn't tell the story correctly. : NoW, 1 know the wliole niattér. 1 studied it. I used to tfo hnaïness at. Okie time with ; Hilliard the murderer --?' « That's Broadwater, where the Colonial Sugar Company^ mill stands, isn't it?' I asked, anxious tb change the conversation. . Yes-the man that was murdered used to work there one time.' I yawned. But Mr Bagman prided him self upon bib powers as a raconteur : many bagman do, though when one takes the broadness ont of their stories, they resemble geometrical straight lines, in that they have length without breadth/ 1 ThisÇûliard, themurdërer-* I went aft to smoke, leaving the bagman to think what he liked. Presently one of the deck hands came up to me and said «Fare, please,' 'Howmuchïeit?*: ; j . Where ya goin' ta T he asked as he i waved to a girl on the hank. « To Twowharves/ « That'll be two borb. That's the place where a most awful murder-' « Oh d-r- the murder,' I burst out. ^Tag&^^^^^^^l^^^^^ I ' I don't want to know anything about the cursed affair. ' Ribuck,* said the deck hand, and he walked oft. I knew Twowharves when we came round the point. I recognised the mill and the cypress from the coachdriver's description. ! The township looked rather pretty, bathed ! in the evening sunshine; but a closer inspection revealed the fact that it contained only a few presentable residences. I put up at the Boyal Hotel. At tea, a raw lump of a country girl, wearing blucher boots, waited at table. She had plenty of freckles and much self-assertion. Freckled people are seldom of retiring dispositions. She upset a cup of tea over me. 'Beg parding, sir, but I'm dreadful nervous since the Twowharves murder. I serpose yer heard about it,' she said. 1 No,' I said for devilment, feeling that I couldn't dodge the inevitable. The girl related an original version of the murder that gave Twowharves an infamous pre-eminence over the other river towns for weeks-and something for the residents to discuss for months. I was tired when Anne Jane had finished; and I resolved to hear no more about the criminal advertisement of Twowharves. After tea I bought some villianous cigars at the bar from an individual named Uncle BiU. * It's areal nice afternoon.' he said. 'Yes/1 answered. 'It was just such another afternoon when they found Jasper's hat.' . Who was Jasper ? I asked. ' Why the cove wot was merdered not long ago.' 'Bust and confound and confuse the cove wot was merdered. Why the blazes can't you let him rest ?' I demanded. ' Did yer hear tell of it ?' Uncle Bill asked anxiously. ' Yes, from a fool of a commercial traveller, for one.' Uncle Bill sniffed disdainfully. ' And a Cat lot fae knows about the merder. All hearsay what he told yer. I hunted with the perlice and was with them when they-' 'Does it rain often here?' I asked abruptly, I-faad beentold in Grafton that the. Lower Bichmond people got wep- fppted from paddling about bare-footed in the Everlasting water. u * lteB, ^tâû rain pretty hard at times, B^eshally When the derewth is breaking up. It wis a awful wet day when Hilliard was töestedf^ . ' *,Gb to the devil and worry him with your infernal murder,'I said, and went off to the Government wharf. There I found a queer looking customer fishing. He told me he waa old Ike Warton. He seemed a harmless individual, and so I sat down beside him. . Dbyou fish much ?' 1 asked. . Yes, Ï fishes pretty regular. I had to give it up a while ago V . How was that ?' ' Well, you see they was a man got murdered jist down---' "?? 1 flung away my cigar viciously, and went tothe Post Office. , I discovered that the Postmaster was a friend Pf a friend's friend, and We got yarning. : 'Come down to the pub. and have a drink and a yarn,' the Postmaster said. ; There are, to this day, people in Two wharves who will not believe that the Post master shouted for me before I shouted for him-but he did. st ? . ? N^^g.^1^^ pretty dull» Did you hear ' murder. Don't you ever discuss anything else?' » ^ Just then a storekekeeper dropped in. I was introduced to him, and we had a game of cards. 'Do you mind Park, how fond this famous Jack Barry was of crib ? asked th« storekeeper. 'Who was the famous Jack Barry?' I asked. ' Did you ever hear of the great Two* wharves murder ?' I gave up the struggle ; and resiged my self to my fate. The postmaster smiled. The store keeper told me some new facts about the murder. If it hadn't been for his assist ance, the murderer wouldn't have been ar rested so easily. The police would have been lost without his help. Before ten o'clock I had met five more residents, each of whom made some allusion to the murder, I made the company mellow. The night had grown stormy-and I steered the con versation towards ghosts. Then I told all the bloodcurdling ghoBt stories I could think of. The ghost number of Refuse of Reviews wasn't a patch on my collection. At midnight a gale was blowing. Three members of the company funked going home. They weren't frightened they said, but they did not care about the gale. I asked questions concerning the awful Two wharves murder till I neally worried the postmaster and another nervous individual into fits. When the clock struck one-but there, I cannot proceed. The memory of the awful murder and of the awful versions of it quite unman me. Terrible-ghastly -hideous-devilish 1 ' Did ya ever heer tell of the awful Two wharves murder?' I'd like-I'd like to speak seventeen versions of that murder in to some phonographs and have the power to condemn some people to six months' solitary confinement with a few of the said phonographs. " Did ya ever heer, etc ?" 