LOJSTDOtf TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent.] London. December 1, 1893. The Cliristmas shopping season is for some reason or another much later than usual this year. Instead of the new cards, new hooks, new toys, and neiv odds and ends being exposed for sale from the middle of November the leading tradesmen are not going to what they call 'dress the windows' till Cattle Show week. The explanation of this alteration is that the shops find they do not really do much business in Christmas presents till then, and the goods get soiled. It comes, however, a bit hard on Anglo-colonists and others with friends abroad. When one went to look around for nev.r -rift books and. what not to send off by the mail pf the 17th ultimo there was little or nothing to choose from. Nevertheless, I . can sympathise with the tradesman's point of view. The manner in which blameless ladies of the highest integrity consider them selves at liberty to mess over goods which they have not the remotest inten tion of buying is truly amazing. Watch a woman purchasing Christmas cards ' She invariably begins by examining the tray of shilling cards, probably remark ing cheerfully, chat she would consider it a sm to spend so much on such trum pery. After tossing these well over she proceeds slowly via the ninepenny, six penny, fourpenny, threepenny, and two penny trays to the penny one. Finally and with great deliberation the good lady selects three penny and one 'tup'ny' card, demands that envelopes may be ' thrown in' to clinch the bargain, and leaves the shop with the air of a duchess who has conferred valuable favors. The bad luck which seems to bave haunted the Leveson-Gowers since Mrs. Blair entered the family culminated last week with poor Lord Cromartie's death. The late earl was the second son of the third Duke of Sutherland by his first duchess, the stately and beautiful woman whom the Queen as a mark of personal regard made Countess of Cromartie. The tide and the duchess's estates descended at her death to her husband's second son. He married, but had no male issue, so that the earldom now becomes extinct and the property goes to the duke. Lord Cromaitie was a pleasant young man, and very popular in society before he fell ill some months ago. He. supposed himself to be strong as a horse till he caught a bad cold yachting last summer. Complications followed, and now the earl lies dead. His brother the duke and the young duchess were with him when he passed away. Lord Cromartie, liko all the Leveson Gowers, was terribly cut up at the acts of folly and worse which signalised his father's old age. When, however, the duke brought home Mrs. Blair as his duchess to Dunrobin the young earl tried to restore an outward semblance of peace, and paid a call of ceremony. The manner of 'Duchess Blair' was however so distasteful and the atlronts to his mother's memory so unendurable that, though living close by, Lord Cromartie could nob bring him self to go again to Dunrobin. When next summoned there his father lay on his deathbed. Lord Cromartie's death makes the present duke a fairly rich man again. Mrs. Carew, the heroine of the divorce cause celebre . of the mo ment, is a tall, graceful, and re fined-looking woman well-known to all London playgoers as 'Edith Chester.' A few months ago she obtained a decree nisi against her husband for adultery and cruelty. Now, the Queen's Proctor has intervened to prevent the decree being made absolute, averring that there was collusion between Mr. and Mrs. Carew. The proctor states that the evening after the decree nisi was pronounced the hus band and wife with some friends dined at the Criterion together, parting after wards, and going their separate ways. Since then Mr. Carew has constantly visited bis wife, ostensibly to see the children. On these occasions Mrs. Carew ' darling'-ed and ' dearest'-ed her husband, and there was a good deal of kissing. Mrs. Carew 's maid deposed that her mistress said, ' With all his faults I love him dearly, and I'd forgive him everything if he'd give up Mrs. Seymour.' This Mrs. Seymour certainly appears to be the kind of person to make even the most affectionate woman's blood boil. Not content with seducing Mr. Carew from his marital duties, it appears she as nearly as possible copies in dress and appearance the wife she has so in jured. Servants deposed that Mrs. Seymour tried her hardest to resemble Mrs. Carew, and was, indeed, often mis taken for the successful actress. All in court rejoiced to learn that Mr. Carew has pretty bad times with Mrs. Seymour. A valet declared that the lady's temper was 'hawfuL' and that when in her ' tantrums' (which usually came in with the dessert after dinner) she flung glasses, plates, and even decanters at his master. On one occasion Mrs. Seymour having pro ? vided her lover with an unusually event ful scene the doughty Carow* fled and sought an asylum with his wife. Mrs. Carew, after hearing the sad story through an open window, let her husband in and allowed him to occupy the spare room. She herself slept with the children's governess. Mrs. Carew seems to me to come out of the affair very well. She doesn't deny that she loves her husband, but she has resolved till he gives up Mrs. Seymour that they must be divorced. Carew is one of those big good looking, good-tempered, and morally invertebrate creatures women conspire to spoil. Mrs. Seymour belongs to the 'Second Mrs. Tanqueray' school. Carew now, no doubt, wants to get back to his wife, who earns a good salary. It was, indeed, openly stated in court that it was he who had set the Queen's Proctor in motion. Mr. Lockwood, Q.C., carried Mrs. Carew through eventually in triumph, the Queen's Proctor's interve £ tion being withdrawn and that func tionary condemned in costs. To the thousand and one good stories of the late Professor Jowett a writer in the current CornhUl adds a few more. Perhaps the best of them is that which relates how the great little man crushed the 'Varsity washerwomen's strike single handed, and this I venture to recount. The worthy linen-cleansers strnck for a higher remuneration in the collar depart ment, the statutory rate of pay being Is. per dozen. They went to interview the master. ' Show the ladies up,' aaid he when Knight, his butler and general fac totum, conveyed to him the information that the washerwomen awaited an audience. They clumped into the pro fessor's sanctum to find him fiddling with the poker in the ashes of the grate. He turned and faced them. 'Will you wash 12 collars for a shil ling?' They began to expostulate. The master touched the bell ; in came the butler. ' Show these ladies down.' Presently Knight reappeared. 'The ladies seem very sorry sir — would like to Bee you again.' *' Show them up.' The washerwomen clumped in again and found the professor still intent upon tho fire* grate. ' Will you wash 12 collars for a shilling?' piped his cheery little voice. A buxom dame commenced to make ex planations. He touched the bell. ' Show these ladies down,' said he, and down they went. Again the butler expressed a hope that he would see them. 'Cer- tainly ; show them up !' The women entered the room once again. ' Will you wash 15 collars for one shilling?' 'We will!' they cried. 'Thank you. Good day, good day,' said the master, and, touching the bell, he said, ' Knight, show these ladies down,' and the strike was over. The Ardlamonb murder trial, which will commence at Edinburgh on the 12th inst., promises to be the most exciting and sensational the public bare enjoyed since Mrs. Maybrick stood in the dock. Both Monson and the soi-disant Scott are arraigned, the charges being that they first tried to drown poor young Ham borough and then conspired to shoot him. The Crown have subpoenaed 25 London witnesses, lawyers, insurance agents, money lenders, bookmakers, and book makers' touts. One of the most important will be an insurance broker named Tottenham, a friend of both the deceased and Monson. He was actually arrang ing a new policy on Hamborough's life when the catastrophe took place. Totten ham went up to Ardlamont by the first train after he heard of it, and Monson being utterly crushed and unhinged by the death, his friend took general charge of his affairs and acted for him. Tottenham had no suspicion of foul play, but Blonson's excessive agitation puzzled him, the man naturally being the reverse of nervous or emotional. The shock to Tottenham, and indeed to all Monson's friends later when the police suspicions leaked out, was very great. At first everyone looked upon the arrest as a blunder, and bets were freely made that Rlonson would not be brought to trial. Even now many old friends, whilst ad mitting the accused may be a black sheep in financial matters, scout the notion that he treacherously murdered a trusting '* pal.' ?A highly sensational case in which wo are promised all sorts of ' ' disclosures ' will come on at the law courts next month. The plaintiff is the notorious Mr. Charles Seaton, and the defendants are the executors of the late Mr. Abing ton Baird. Mr. Seaton claimB £15,000, the residue of £25,000 promised him if he recovered £50,000 in bank notes alleged to have been lost by 'the squire' whilst in a state of intoxication. A well-known lady's name is freely mentioned in connection with the case, and bets of 7 to 4 have been registered that rather than let Mr. Seaton tell the story of how the £50,000 roll of notes was lost and where it was found ' she will pay the £15,000. The executors on their side will, it is understood, produce a written repudiation in the late Mr. Baird's handwriting of the claim. The ' Squire,' it is under stood, wasrudeenough to suspect Mr. Sea ton and the lady of collusion. Mr. Charley Seaton is a very tall man with an exceed ingly large moustache and a military or rather militia manner. His most famous exploit was the running of the field Club and baccarat hell, whereat the Jubilee Juggins enjoyed his most famous 'flutters.' Mr. Seaton, who took a percentage of every bank, was rapidly accumulating wealth when, at the in stance of young Lord Dudley's mother and other friends of habitues, the field was 'raided' by the police one fine night. Seaton, Benzon, Lord Dudley, and several others were arrested, and Seaton — if I remember aright — had to pay a fiue of £500. He must have a strong case to induce him to face the ordeal of cross-examination. A^i interesting note on the subject of royal descent and noble blood appears in last week's Truth. 'Labby'says: — A well-known genealogical authority in forms me that 'probably the great majority of English people, at any rate of the upper and middle class, can rightfully claim Tving Edward I. as their ancestor, and through him William the Conqueror, Alfred the Great, Charlemagne, and others of like rank ' ; and also that ' plenty of farm laborers in this country are descended from the Emperors of the West.' It is, as this gentle man juBtly observes, 'a carious fact that her Majesty and most of her English subjects are .related by blood.' I therefore append the following letter, which shows by a mere exercise in arithmetic how this 'curious fact' may be mathematically demonstrated :— ' It ? is mathematically demonstrable that the . -; chances of any one Englishiman being o£JI* blood royal (whatever that may be worth) ; are several millions to one. I Itave no more doubt that I am of the * blood royal ' than that I share that honor with the gentleman now sweeping my crossing, ' and with the other gentleman who is to be hanged to-morrow. Taking 33 years as a generation, there have been 25 generations since the Conquest. Every person living to-day is the product of two parents, four grandparents, eight great - grandparents, and so on, with the result that every person now living must (except for inter marriage) have had 16,777,216 ancestors ; living in the year 1066. Now, taking the present population at 35,000,000, .-'it follows that (except for inter-marriage) those 38,000,000 must have .had (537,534,208,000,000 of ancestors living in 1066. But the whole population of the British Isles in that year and even for 400 years later did not exceed three millions. Leaving out of account immi gration, more than balanced by emigra tion, leaving out also all those whose descendants have failed to survive through 25 generations, it follows that each one of those three millions must bear the responsibilities of representing 212,511,403 of our ancestors. The chances that any one stock could have kept clear of any other stock, both surviving, are in fact 212h millions to one. We know that the royal families have been prolific on both sides of the blanket, and to assume that any one living person has not some of that precious fluid, the blood royal, in his veins is to assume that none of his 17 million ancestors was identical with any one of the 17 millions of her Majesty's ancestors.' What I like about this doctrine is that it is equally full of comfort for the most snobbish loyalist and the most rabid democrat. The one can henceforth regard himself or herself as one of the royal family and treat the doings of exalted personages as part and parcel of his or her domestic affairs. The other can gloat over the fact that distinction of birth is the veriest humbug of any fiction that man has devised, and that the man in the street, or the man in the gaol, can boast just as good an ancestry as the Queen on the throne, or the proudest peer in the House of Lords. For my part I comfort myself with the democratic alternative, only carrying it a step further ; for when we are all sure of our descent from such ancient worthies as Adam- and Eve, or even the patriarch Noah, I cannot for the life of me see why we should even trouble to work a sum in arithmetic to connect ourselves with such mushrooms, as Char lemagne or William, the Conqueror. General Booth is a consummate diplo matist, therefore one may. take it for granted he knew nothing of the exceed ingly mischievous and offensive placard which one of his commissioners recently issued. This consisted of a rough cartoon picturing the interior of a London music hall, underneath being the words, ' Wanted, Salvation dynamitards to blow ' this up !' Considering that a proportion of the army are religious fanatics of the intensest description and without a particle of humor it is really impossible to say what terrible results an incitement; - of this sort might not have. Besides, it isj monstrous that an influential religious organisation should make light of a crime like the Anarchist outrage at Barcelona The Salvationist leaders have never been remarkable for good taste, but we always understood that charity and good feeling were their strong points. Those clever people who— -though they never read ifc— are accustomed to 'aa&sr;]i*/S the Family Herald will Jteam witi *poie j;i surprise that the short essays whicli fom|^ an 'improving' feature of that -aonB^^ were for years written by nolessap^ra^ than the late James Rundown. PH^cH^n that prior to his' taking tiiB\ira&-m^^m was done by Grant Allen. %«e|s^H essays and the 'answers to ^coirBB^^^S dents' go together and are paid for^af»^| rate of £300 a yew. Both tae/fts^fglj Bunciman and Grant Allen indeiafl|^fflH| the greatest pains to tiio'^^wi^l^m and I imagine the eiirioii%lbffira^Hs creature who euhmit aU their|^^g ;4U ^m^^^SamMm afflictions to Mr. Editor and demand his advice were never better catered for. Poor Rnnciman, as I told you when he died, just missed being a genius. It cannot, however, truthfully be said the volume of posthumous essays recently dug out from old Family Heralds by his Mends and just published by Fisher Unwin will strengthen his reputation. The 'Joints in Our Social Armour' con tain Runciman's best essays, and the *' Romance of the North Sea' and ** Skippers and Shellbacks' are his most popular fictions. But perhaps the most powerful tale the poor man (loathing his own weakness) ever wrote was ' The Chequers.' No temperance tract (full of horrors as they are) could, I am 6ure, equal in moral effect this lurid and ghastly story of riverside debauchery. Grant Allen, I notice, misses it from the list of Runciman's works. Barrie's new novel is complete, all but the name. Sarah Grand has also finished a successor to 'The Heavenly Twins.' It will be called 'A Superfluous Woman.' Mr. Rudyard Kipling's Barrack-room ballad in honor of Lord Roberts is called 'Bobs,' the name by which every Goldier in India knew the late Commander in- chief. It begins — There's a little red-faoed man, Which is Bobe, Bides the tallest !orse 'e can — Our Bobs. If it bocks or kicks or rears 13 can Bit for twenty years With a Etnile round both 'is ears. Can't) yer, Bobs? What 'e doesn't know o' war, Gen'ral Bobs, Yon can 'arst the shop next door. Can't they Bobs? Oh ! Ve little, bat he's wise ; 'E'a a terror for 'is size, And 'e does not advertise — Do yer Boba? Now they've made a bloomin1 lord Onter Bobs, Which was bat 'is fair reward — Weren't it Bobs? And 'ell wear a coronet Where 'is 'elmet need to set ; Bat we know you won't forget — Will you Bobs? The feature of the Pall Mall Magazine Christmas number, next to Kipling's aforesaid ' Bobs ' (of which, by-the-way, a quotation like the above scarcely gives a just idea), is the proprietor, Mr. William 'Waldorf Aster's tale, entitled 'The Ghosts of Austerlitz.' Assuming this was the great millionaire's ' very own ' work, and that the staff did not tinker it up for him in any way, I beg respectfully to pat the man of money on the back. As a Christmas story writer he ranks fairly high. The idea of the ' Ghosts of Austerlitz ' is original, its execution is respectable, and the illustrations — well, the illustrations are extremely fine. So, however, they ought to be, Myrbach, who did them, being simply the best man in Europe at the Napoleonic period and the illustrator of the Erckmann Chaferain military romances. That is one of the joys of being a literary millionaire. You can employ the greatest artists to do justice to your ideas. Besides* Mr. Astor's contributions, the Pall Mall Magazine contains a dog story by Christie Murray and many other items of interest. The English Illustrated, like the Pall Matt, boasts a very strong Christmas number. Its best stories are 'Kaddour,' by W. E. Norris ; 'The Muse of the Halls,' by George Gissing ; and 'The Overture to Tannhaueer,' by E. F. Benson, of ' Dodo' fame. ' Burga's Romance' by T. W. Speight, forms the Ge}iMemc?i's Annual. It is the story of a female conspirator who, to aid in the revolutionary cause in Italy, married an elderly baronet of great wealth for his money and, a will in her favor having been executed, tries to murder him. This amiable intent is happily foiled by the old man's nephew and natural heir. The lady scores the first tricks in the game, but assisted by his enemy's step daughter the hero ultimately effects a rescue. The story is moderataly interest ing throughout. The Christmas number of Punch is the best the leading comic paper has given us for some years. Never has Du RIaurier's graceful fancy shown to greater advantage than in the dream of 'The Lost Chord,' and Mr. Corbould's 'Prehistoric Games' are genuinely funny. Tenniel's cartoon is as suggestive as usual, and no one will be able to help laughing at Bernard Par tridge's ** Receptive Playgoer' and ' Toper's Progress.' Stern paterfamilia may possibly frown at the latter and grunt, ' Rather vulgar for PwvJi,' but that will be after he grinned over it at his club. London, December 8, 1S93. The influenza has arrived some weeks earlier than usual, and shows symptoms of ravaging London as severely as in 1SS2. Already the list of fatal cases is terribly long, and in every house one or more persons are laid up ill with the epidemic. The faculty cow, I understand, pronounce influenza 'ae catching as smallpox,' and certainly when it enters a family it generally goes the rounds. Cattle ehow week has been bright and frosty, and the streets are full of the inevitable country cousins. The display at the Agri cultural Hall is, as usual, 'quite the finest ever known.' Fat beasts have been seen there before, but never each monstrously Btout animals as the present prize- winners. The blue riband of obesity, the gold medal for ' the finest beast in the show,' was awarded after much discussion to Mr. James Douglas Fletcher for his Scotch heifer Pride of the Highlands, 2 years 11 months old, and weigh ing 17 owt. 2 qrs. It wae just touch-and-go between this heroine and the Quetn'a Short horn steer Prince Charlie. The judges pon dered over them for an hoar, prodding the un fortunate pair in tender places and counting up their points. The outside public had indeed made up their mind the Queen's melancholy looking mountain of beef was to be the honored MiimjLi when the judges at last and amidst loud cheering declared for Mr. Fletcher. Even the funeral of the late Master of Balliol, wondrous assemblage though it proved, was not more impressive to beholders than the Memorial Meeting at the London University Theatre last Saturday afternoon. Scarcely one of the great men in England save Mr. Gladstone, who had left town, was absent. All were connected in some way with the i»te professor. Many be bad personally taught ; most he had influenced ; of all he was a friend. The Speaker, calm, grave, and dignified, an ideal 'first Commoner,' occupied the chair. Lord Salisbury, Chancellor of the University, represented sacerdotalism, and close to him sat a champion of free-thought and Unitarianism, the venerable Dr. Martineau. The Lord Chancellor came to represent the world in general and London University in particular, and two Siamese princes sup ported the Bishop of London, the new master \- of Balliol, and the Provost of Eton. The speeches were not perhaps quite equal to the occasion. The Home Secretary was eloquent, the Lord Chief Justice was Coleridgian, and the Bishop of London hard. Mr. Speaker asked what was the secret of Dr. Jowett's influence, and summed it up in the two words 'universal sympathy.' Here, as many Balliol men felt, he struck a wrong note. The master's sympathy and friendship would not have been valued as they were had they been 'universal.' As for 'Jowler's strength, it lay in bis uniqne combination of sagacity with simplicity. 'The eham man of the world, like Polonius,' says Mr. Lang, ' is detestable.' The true man of the world, like Bacon, is fascinating, and Dr. Jowett was much nearer Bacon than Polonius. The memorial it was decided should go towards strengthening the professor's life work at Balliol, a reason able earn being devoted to a etatue of this great little man. Whilst many grave and reverend college dons were up in town doing justice to the memory of one of the strictest disciplinarians Oxford has ever known, the 'Varsity itself was in a state of tumult. It seems the Duke of 'Marlborough asked some 60 of his old under graduate friends at Christchurch to his coming of age ball at Blenheim. Usually consent is a matter of course in each cases, but on this occasion the authorities withheld it. Accord ing to one version the reason of this refusal was understood to be not out of- any disrespect to the duke, but in consequence of reoent breaches of discipline which have been brought to light on the part of members of the House. Anyhow, the ondergrad. notoriously resents the curb, and to block one channel of his ener gies m only to force them in another. The bade page of the Oxford Review was promptly chartered, and the following mutinous mani festo burst upon stupefied Oxford :- 'The House. To the anxious and tender parents of England. Send your sons to a college which unites all the advantages of a preparatory school with the affectionate superintendence of home life. Puritan prin ciples ! Venial {sic) Porters ! ! Indifferent dons ! ! ! No encouragement is extended to the meretricious pleasures of dancing, or to the innocuous attractions of Blenheim. By a strict prohibition of the innocent pleasures of life, and an absolute disregard of the more flagrantly immoral state of the inhabitants, the House system is admirably suited to repress the former and to increase the latter. By maintaining a large and efficient staff of 50 workmen, and covering their own inca pacity by punishing lookers-on for the work they did not do, all traces of the most artistic decorations may confidently be expected to disappear from the school yard within a few days. By a careful attention to the above principles, and a fixed belief in the veracity of interested servants, rather than in sat of the gentlemen committed to their charge, tho authorities are confident that they will attain to the position of the immortal Pecksniff. 'Now, may the good God pardon all good men.' 'Aurora Leigh,' Book IV. The key- note of the system is:— A mighty show of personal piety, combined with an entire lack of sympathy for the undergraduate, and a narrow-mindedness which, while it carps only at small and obvious offences, is incapable of tolerating great and innocent pleasures. 'O 'tis excellent To have a giant's strength ; but tyrannous To use it like a giant.' (Measure for Measure. II., 2.) The curfew did not toll last night. Alas ! poor Tom. — Anon.' But the offended dignity of the unfortunates was not yet appeased, as was evident from what struck the eye next morning. The walls of what American visitors call the venerable ruins presented a garish spectacle, having been liberally daubed with tar and red paint. The work had been thoroughly done by the agents of the stilly night, who went through their mad carnival masked and in masquerade cos tume. The pavement in front of the Cathedral door was ornamented, in large letters in black paint, with a legend which it is said originally ran, 'God bless Marlborough, d ? the Dons.' Manifestoes, earnest with the ring of revolutionary Paris, were to be seen on all sides, and the word 'Blenheim' frequently re peated bore terse testimony to deeply wounded feelings. A single impressionist stroke of a brash at the end of a long pole skilfully repre sented Dean lAddle's statue as having cue its throat. In Peckwater and Tom quads the walls and doors were daubed with red, black, green, blue, and yellow paint. The dean's door came in for particular attention, and waa literally radiant with a flaming red color. Near the great hall staircase, on the pave ment, in letters more than a foot long, was ' D ? Sampson,' tbat being the na^ne of one of the Censors who, rightly or wrongly, is credited with having taken an active part in the stringent enforcement of the regulations which prevented the visit to Blenheim. Em ployment was thus found in tho morning for a detachment of eome 50 men to remove the pig ment, which dung longingly to the walls on which it had been so affectionately lavished. But the real climax was reached earlier in the evening, when the beli rope of Tom nas ruthlessly cut, and at 0.5, for the first time for over 200 years, curfew did not toll its 101. Neither the Duke of Leinster nor the Earl of Warwick, who died at the end of last week, were well known outside their own particular sets. The duke had, as Lord Kildare, the reputation of being a dashJDg cavalry officer, and he was, too, one of the few great Irish land lords sans rcprockc To most, however, he was known simply as the husband of the fair Duchess of Leinster, for several seasons the queen of beauty in the smartest London society, and good and clever to boot Her grace's charms have grown massive this last year or two, and she must now be designated 'a splendid woman ' rather than a beauty. The new duke is six years old only. Lord Warwick was a retiring old gentleman of unitnprePBive appearance, though directly people heard his name they were accustomed to say what an aristocrat he looked. He seldom entertained, but when he did so it was on a very grand scale. Lord Brooke, who succeeds, is the husband of 'Yum Yam's' great friend, the beautiful, clever, witty, and philanthropic Lady Brooke. Of this great lady many stories, good, bad, and indifferent, are told. To her tenants (for she was an heiress) Lady Brooke is a benevolent tyrant, and her model farms, &c;, are one of the sights of the eastern couuties. Her ladyship has latterly dabbled in many of tho numerous fads of Mr. W. T. Stead, sitting becominely at the feet of that erratic philanthropist and allowing herself on occasion to be telepathically inter viewed. The action broueht by Mr. Seaton, erst while of the Field Club, against the executors of Abington Baird for £'10,000, a balance of £25,000 promised him for the recovery of a certain £50,000 cheque (not a roll of notes as at first stated) was settled in court on Thurs day. The case was cilled on, and SeatonV counsel had got as far as 'My lord and gen tlemen of the -jury,' when Sir IS. Clarke, for the defence, pulled him down, and in ten minutes a settlement had been arrived at. Mrs. Langtry, who was waiting heavily veiled within the precincts of the court, seemed im mensely relieved and drove away smiling. From all accounts she had good reason to be pleased. Had the case proceeded the Lily would have been chief witness and undergone a. cross - examination of a decidedly embarrassing character. It is strongly suspected, indeed, tbat the £1,000 for which Seaton compounded came out of Mrs. Lang try's pocket and not out of Baird'B executors. An improved version of the comedy-drama out of which this case resulted is now current in sporting circles. It is called 'Spoof.' Act L — A love scene. The Squire more or less boozed succumbs to the blandishments of the Lily. He writes a little cheque for £50.000. Departure of the Lily for Paris per club train. Act II. — Squire, an hour later, discovered in gloomy stage of intoxication lamenting that he has been robbed of £50,000. Too drunk to remember that by a Etroke of pen he could stop cheque. Enter Seaton, grasps the situation, and offers to follow Lily and recover cheque for £50,000 in consideration of promise of £25,000. Rams it into Squire's fuddled brain that he will by this means save half the £50,000. Squire gives in and writes in presence of witnesses pledge to pay £25,000 on recovery of £50,000 cheque. Departure of Seaton for Paris in pursuit of the Lily. Act III. — Next morning. Squire wakes up sober. Dim recollection of giving large cheque. Sends to bank and stops pay ment. Act IV. — Return of Seaton from Paris triumphant with £50.000 cheque. Ingratitude of Squire, who shows he has stopped payment and that cheque ia valueless. Shocked sur prise of Seaton. Squire's jubilation turned to woe and wrath upon Season's pro duction of bis promise to pay £25,000 for cheque. Squire declares with impreca tions he has been vilely 'spoofed,' and refuse3 to pay a penny. Mutual compliments. Mrs. L&ngtry;, it is said, did not pare with the cheque to Seaton until she had secretly ascer tained that payment was stopped. Then, pretending of course to consider the document a good one, she haughtily handed it to the Squire's emissary with tho observation that of course if Mr. Baird regretted his gift she could cot possibly keep it. On the whole this is a prettier version of the story than the one which represents the Lily forcing Seaton to share his £25.C00 with her by threatening to tear up the cheque. A contingency, however, which the lady failed to reckon on was hex friend's death and the case getting into the courts. The revival of ' Captain Swift' at the Hay market Theatre on Saturday evening went so well that the audience insisted on calling the author. Mr. Chambers, bland and cool as usual, duly bowed his acknowledgments. The strength of the new triple bill at the Court lies in Mr. Brookfield's 'Under the Block,' a capital imitation of the Parisian revues. To appreciate it one requires, how ever, to have seen the latest London successes, especially ' Diplomacy,' ' The Tempter,' and 'The Second Mrs. Tanqueray. ' Sheriock Holmes and the faithful Watson open the fun in Baker-street, whither M. Etnile Nana calls to beg their guidance and escort. They take him to the Mansion House where he is introduced to Mr. Tree as the ' Tempter,' Mr. Tree as the ' Ballad Monger,' Mr. Tree as Hamlet, to the Third Mrs. Tanqueray, to Lady Henry Fair fax, and a score of other popular persons. Since Cissy Lot tus started the game imitations have become the rage, and everybody now imitates everybody. The Court Theatre mimicry is exceedingly clever. Miss Lottie Verne's reproduction of Mrs. Bancroft telling her famous story of the clock at Berne (the irrelevant scene interpolated into Diplomacy) Bets the house shouting, and Mr. Brookfield's Beer-born Trees are all admirable. The two items which precede ' Under the Clock' cali for little notice. The best is the comedietta, 'Good-bye,' by Seymour Hioka, in which the author's wife, Ellaline Terrise, scores some what. Strange, isn't it, that the juvenile 'Bill' Terries, who makes up as Romeo to look barely twenty, should have a married daughter and be a grandpapa. _ Some years ago when the fair Lady Orkney was as ' Connie' Gilohrist the idol of masher dom Mid a leading star of the Gaiety Theatre her name cropped up in a law case before the Lord Chief Justice of England. ' And who, may I ask, is Connie Gilchrist ?' enquired his lordship impassively. This, I believe, was genuine ignorance, bat when Mr. Justice Hawkins, a regular attendant at Newmarket. Boon afterwards blandly affected never to have heard of Fred Archer the pretence was felt to be a trifle too barefaced. Even this sample of judicial nescience pales, however, before the 6ame great man's latest bctite. Ooonsel having stated that a witness had learnt something through Tit Mils the learned judge calmly interjected, ' Pray, who it Tit Bits?' Undeterred by the fact that two capital new editions of the Waverley novels have been published this year Messrs. Hodder and Stoaghton announce another one, a feature of which will be introductory assays by J. M. Barrie, The young Scotchman us au ardent admirer and etudent of 'tin' works of the ' Wuaid of tbe Koxtb,nNri])talQagin4eaded to write on them. He is now in London again. The writers of fiction who have advanoed most conspicuously during 1S93 are Miss Sarah Grand, air. Gilbert Parker, and Mr. Barry Pain. ' The Heavenly Twins' both by virtue of its cleverness and its success stauds out conspicuously as the novel of the year, and cpxfc to it in order of merit comes Miss Cholmondeley's delightful 'Diana Tempest.' Mr. Parker's 'Tho Trespasser' and 'Mrs. Falchion' both showed a remarkable' advance, ' The Trespasser' more particularly treating a difficult subject with considerable originality. Mr. Barry Pain's boy's book, 'Cyril and Graeme,' forms, as I have before eaid, an ex o-llent contrast to sucu maudlin rubbish as Canon Farrar's ' Eric,' and his magazine articles all reach a respectable level of excellence. Mr. E. F. Benson, who is very young, has bounded into notoriety, if not fame, by means of ' Dodo,7' but whether he can retain hi3 position remains to be seen. Messrs. Barrie and Kipling and Mrs. Clifford remain much where they were in 1S92. bu!i Mr. Zaugwill (£ had almost for gotten him) has come on considerably- The 'Stories from tho Ghetto' and the ''King of the Schnorrera' were both in their different ways good, and asajUineur and humorist he has very few equals. Amongst notable novels of the year MiES Dickecs's ' Mere Cypher,' Sir Mortimer Durand's ' Helen Treveryan,' Sir Geo. Chesnej's ' The LestPrs,' the anonymous ' With Edged Too1p,'E. Fawcets's ''liartmann the Anarchist, 'Christie Murray's 'Wasted Crime,' and Edward Lyall's 'To Richt the Wrong,' may be mentioned. I have just finished llr. Haggard's 'Monte- zuma's Daughter.' It is an amazing record of battles, tortures, human E-acrinces, and hairbreadth escapes. As in most of this good man's books, streams of blood flow without moving the reader an iota. One recognises somehow as one devours Mr. Hag gard's horrors, that they are all 'make be lieve.' Still it is a capital tale of adventure ; not Eueh a cour dc force as ' She,' or aa fine a romance as ' Eric Brighteyes,' but worth half a-dozen of 'CoL Quaritch,' ' Beatrice,' or 'Nada the Lily.' Mr. Talbot Baices Reed, who died rather Euddenly the other day, was the author of a number of tales of school life in the ' Boys' Own Paper, the beat, perhaps, being 'The Fifth Form at St. Dominies,' and 'My Friend Smith.' Miss Helen Mathers, tbe author of ' Cberry Ripe,' &c;, is a sister of Sirs. Hambrough, the mother of the victim of the Ardlamont disaster. Messrs. Blackwood have brought out a cheap edition of 'The Wise, Witty, and Tender Sayings of George Eliot,' a work which had a very large sale in its more ex pensive forms. Being nicely bound the new issue should be in demand as a gift book. Dr. James Macauley, the veteran editor of the ' Leisure Hour,' is, I regret to learn, very ill. Though Dr. Macauley's name is not known to many outside Paternoster, how few men have done more towards circulating wholesome recreative literature. It was he started the Boys' Own Paper eight or ten years ago, and when it became a huge success initiated the Girls' Own Paper also. Thanks to his progressive spirit the Leisure Hour has not shared tho fate of too many such periodi cals, and been swamped by Strands, Idlers, &c.; His moderation and determination to relegate serious subjects to suitable magazines (notably the Sundny at Hohu.) were also of tbe greatest use to the Religious Tract Society, on the board of which the doctor has worked for many years. The reviewers of Mrs. Besant's remarkable autobiography are unanimous in pitying her luckless husband, who instead of tbe ideal parson's wife 'found his fireside in possession of a controversialist, whose keen dialectical brain could conduct its disputes by the method syllogism, and who had all the fathers at her fingers' ends, and could at need play off Huxley and Tyndall against Aquinas.' 