The Hopetoun Cup, run at Melbourno on Boxiug Day, was won by J5, Tho Possible second, Destiuy andTellus, dead heat, third. Tho other events wero won by Balanwo, Figaro, Courtier, Chopstick, and Erl King. Boss Tailor won tho doublo at Darlington On her display at Whitton, Veronica should bo hard to beat in tho Carrathool Handicap, and Pitch Dark may account for tho Howlong Handicap. Notwithstanding tho depression and ; various other discouraging influences, tho practical joker still lives, and a couple of individuals of this species perpetrated a trick upon two of their companions — all four being engaged in a fishing excursion — tho other day. It appears that the sports, who wero not being favored by too much good luck, wero changing to another spot further up stream, tho two jokers going on ahead. On their way thoy camo across a largo and Hvoly black snake, which thoy promptly despatched, and then placed in a life-like position alongside a fence, through which their friends wero soon expected to pass. They then went down tho river bank to, fish and watch results. The rearmost portion of tho party reached the fence shortly after, and at onco spied his snakeship, apparently enjoying a noonday nap. Oue carefully watched the reptilo, while the other hurried to tho placo whero tho jokers wero fishing to inform them of the discovery, and to procure a couple of good sticks. The latter refused to believe the story, and mildly inferred that tho dis coverers wero ' fooling' them or else ' had 'em again.' Thereupon tho messenger re turned, and, both decided on a combined at tack dn his snakeship. They jumped in simul taneously, and landed t,vo terrific blows on the foro portion of tho reptile's anatomy. The enemy was apparently wiped out in ono act, and tno victors carried him on a stick for about half a milo just to convince their sceptical friends. Tho fact of tho discovery and capture having been established, the conquerors strutted around that afternoon congratulating each other on thoir moral courage, and casually remarking to the others that they were too frightened to come near. It was not until near home that the latter told tho snake destroyers of the joke that had been played upon them, and then the victims forvently wished that they only could temporarily ' dematerialise.' Tho Trier is in great demand for tho'last log of the Summer Cup double. Carrington, apparently reju-enated, is fancied for the Stand'iBh Handicap. Ackbar, the burdleracor, has been a victim to riflo shooting carelessness, and met a lingering death after being maimed. The Cootamundra Cup this year will be made more attractive by tho fact that the prince of sweepists, ' Tattcraall,' is getting up one for that event. Ted Currau had two winning mounts and a sccond at Whitton, Duthie one win and a sccond, and Hoystcd one. Through some fault in putting on the plates on Rising Sun at Whitton, the big follow went lame, and was scratched for the day's engagements. Jack Sauuderson is having an anxious time with Sharpshooter. Last week Rising Sun was seized by the bailiff (says 'Augur's Ghost') to satisfy a claim of Peter Sullivan, of J5 fame, for training, but after a couple of days' doten tion, the claim was settled. Jack Hoysted has had rather an anxious time (says 'Augur's Ghost' in th oNarandera virj7jw) with Merchantman this lost week, but I believe lie is now gotting bettor. Thoso who havo backed Sheet Anchor's son for Hay, I am afraid, will not get a spin for their money, as I hear ho will not bo likely to take the journey, owing to his recent in- I disposition. At any rate, it would be ad- I visable to hold off him for the present. 1 Horizon, by Suurise, won the Canterbury Handicap of 100 sovs. in Sydney on Tuesday; ho carried 6s t 91b and beat half a dozen others over 1£ mile in 2min. 14£ sec. Latest accounts state that neither Sclim nor Forward is likely to feel for long the effects of thoir recent desperate encounter at Caulfield. The latter has nearly re covered already, while Selim is fast mending. As a throo year old, Tridentato won the Brisbane 'up, two miles with 8st .101b in 3.34J and the St. Leger with 8st 101b in 3.1o£. i-ut nis greatest teas was lug mue (bare) in record timo at Maribyrnong, just Erovious to the Melbourne Cup, when he cat Patron. On that form ho must win at Randwick. It is rumoured that James Hayes (says u Cranbrook'), whoso license to rido haB been refused by the V.R.C., will probably follow Chris Moore to the land of stars and stripes, where he should specedily regaiu his renown in tho saddle. But now that the V.R C. committee have decided to consider Hayes' application next month, James may change his mind, for the present at any . Cobbitty and Patron have been put into ; slow work again at Flemineton. j Though the Moorea Valley stewards ac- 1 cepted as satisfactory the explanation givon ; bv the jockey R. Ramago relative to Mis- 1 deal's peculiar running on December 11, the committee of the V.R.C. havo decided to j investigate the matter for thomselves. Tho | caso was reported to them by tho stipendiary steward, Mr Fraser. A similar officer is I much needed in this colony. | Mr Conroy, of the Raco Club Hotol, Wagga-ioad; who holds tho record for high I jump, is going to Sydney this week to com- 1 pete at the sports thero. He has been in : active training. I Tho terms upon which tho fight between ! J.' F. Corbett and R. FitzsimmonB for the i championship of tho world are to take j placo show that tho winner will receive! nearly £10,000. Tho fight is to take place I at tho Florida Athletic Club on a date I subsequent to tho 1st July, 1895, to bo fixed by tho club. ! The club offers a purse of j £80013, and each of tho contestants puts up | £2000. A sum of £400 is to bo deducted from the amount of tho purse, and equally ; divided between Corbett and Fitzsimmons j for traiuing expenses. A speculative American named Dourdain has doposited £2000, and offers to wager that amount level , that if Corbett will meet Fitzsimmons next February at the Olympic Club, Fitzsimmons , will win. 1 Fiutus. a tull brother to tne bynnoy (Jup winner Stromboli, gained his maiden victory j in the Trial Stakes at Williamstown on Saturday. Mr. W. R. Wilson gave 1000. guineas for Pilatus as a yearling, so that ho cannot havo been a remunerative invest ment. Pilatus is engaged in the V.R C. Standish Handicap at'7st 121b. Tho sports in the Motiaro district do not appear to have any mercenary instincts in their racing preclivities, prizes ' in kind ' being apparently deemed satisfactory by them. In the programme of events to b'o run at tho Lathcart race meeting on Boxing Day, there figures an event for all untried horses, tho property of menibnrs of tho club, weight for ago to be carried. The first prize (a Wagga writor says) is half a chest of tea, and provision is mado so that the horse that runs sccond shall not bo without something to reward his efforts, a caddy of tea being the' solanum for No. 2. I haven't seen tho full programmo, but a friend of mino who lias says .that in tho last raco of tho day the first prize is a pair of bluchcr boots, with a long handled shovel for tho second prize. In speaking of tho loto test match, tho izir.yru.jtii, -. — tins uuu uiiui m vne Australian team who stands out moro than tho equal of auy momher of tho English team is Giffen. As a batsman, as a bowler, and even, to somo extent, as a fielder, ho compcls the admiration of the keenest critic. Taking him as an all-round crickoter ho is probably without an equal in tho world. Match after match, in every branch of tho gamo, and under all sorts of conditions, his crickot is sound and consistently high- class. Gregory mado tho sensational score of the match, but to Giffen belongs the credit of having first beaten down the bowling off which Gregory's phenomenal scoro was made. .To Gregory may bo accorded the second place in tho team. In the field he is a tower of strength ; at tho wicket bis batting rccord speaks for itself. Other members of tho team, from whom much was oxpocted hay© been disappointing. , , 