TOWN TALK_AND TOPICS. We are agreeably surprised to observe that the Railway Commissioners have notified to the two local Corporations their intention of repairing their portion of Jervois Bridge. We might here observe that the approach to the Bridge on the Semaphore side, which is entrusted to the Semaphore Corporation, is in a disgraceful state, the large holes and ruts being positively dangerous to traffic. We are afraid that if the irrepressible Allerdale ventured to cross this portion, his sarcastic jokes would nevermore be heard by the inlustrious gentlemen who have established a club for the aged and imbecile at North Terrace, where they enter into the sports of their second childhood unmolested. The Port Adelaide portion is certainly the best kept part .f the bridge, and it would be well if i heir brethren of the Semaphore would *pend their Main Road Fund as judiciously. The residents of this town doubtless ha\e always had the impression that the local fire brigade was unusually smart and prompt. On several occasions when their smartness has been tesi.ed, residents will remember tbat they did not disappoint their expectations. Doubtless, however, most persons with average^ intelligence have discovered that on those occasions the worthy firemen vtere expecting an alarm. For instance, some time ago Superintendent Booker paid the brigade a visit and on returning te the railway station with Alderman Tucker rang an alarm. Of course, the brigade was in attendance in a very short time. On Wednesday last, however, in the forenoon, Alderman Tucker (a member of the Board) wishing to test the efficiency of the brigade rang the alarm in Timpson-street. After waitng five minutes a solitary fireman appeared on the scene, with the informa- tion that one of the horse collars had woken, and no other was available. All we can remark is that (coliar or no collar) it was fortunate that the alarm was a false one; Magistrate Johnstone has a peculiar affection for adjournments. If the most paltry excuse can be offered, the worthy magistrate conscientiously adjourns the case. On Wednesday mornng he contemplated adjourning a case while the Inspector found out whether the defendant had lately been released from gaol. If this were only an occasional departure, no notice would be taken, but these adjournments are becoming so frequent as to necessitate about twice as much work to the police as would otherwise be required. At the local Police Court on Wednesday considerable amusement was on more than one occasion caused by trange outbursts from an eccentric individual, with a sarcastic grin on his face (evidently an old hand at the ifame), who was charged with the larceny of a pair of boots. More than once this philosophic looking gentleman interrupted in loud tones when the informant was giving evidence. On being asked if he had anything to say at the conclusion of the case, the solon explained that he had been " 'ard up," and " wanted to make a rise," and so he " made a dart for the boots but got copped." The court-house resounded with laughter, which was peremptorily stopped by the police. The magistrate impressed on the delinquent the necessity of using honest means to " make a rise." " I've tried, but I can't make it that way," interrupted the culprit, instantly resuming his sardonic grin, and looking, apparently with supreme contempt on the insignificant individuals around him, who were incapable of such a clever feat as " making a rise," other than by honest means. "THE SPIRIT OF REFORM." — The Rev. C.iH. Neild gave a short address on this subject in the Alberton Weslevan Church on Monday evening last. He said that the early Christians were not noted for their weakness and quietness, people did not say what nice mild people they were. The people whom they came among wanted to know who these men were that were troubling them, that were stirring up strife among ihem. Christianity in early times came upon the world like the burst of a storm. They did not cover wrongs and injuries up, aud present them to the world as—passable. They rather uncovered everything they found in contradiction to the teaching of their Master. So it should be with Christianity to-day. Christianity should not cover up the evils and wrongs existing in the world Christians should be the first to uncover and expose them. Christianity was the embodi insnt of reform, and what they required was that men should have the true spirit of Christianity within them, the power of the Holy Ghost upon them before they sought for reform. Talking, parrot- learning, would never bring reform—they had too much of that already—they wanted the spirit of Christianity in the hearts of the reformers. INQUEST.—An inquest was held by the City Coroner (Dr. Whittell) on Friday last, touching the death of George Day who was found drowned in the Port River on Ihursda.*. After some evidence had been heard, the jury brought in a verdict to the effect that the deceased came to his death by drowning on Thursday, September 6, but there was no evidence as to how he came into the water. 