Tlie Baronet's" Daughter". CHAPTER XXXII. . . 'GOOD-BYE!'. . , , I Cecil.. sat;. quite, still , and : listened— listened it? mute, .sorrowful surprise. ; . ' And now— and now'— breathlessly— you— you can guess the. rest.' , j am. afraid to' — slowly — turning to loolfjat tier. . , . ,, , . . , Mrs." £ranscombe caught both the girl s hands fiercely in her own. , ( , She was bending eagerly forward in b'ef burn frig excitement. « You— yotf must, see the connection; &e;— — Deaf heart Iho'w differently is the knowledge comirig to you, after all;, than is I liopfcd it would ! I wanted Gerald tb tell you' ' Gerald !' , . ' Oh, my stupid, stupid darling'— des- .. .. , . ,1, — ... ..... j tv/t-> paitingiy— win you »oi ski Westwood's brother-in-law wis killed ! Mark Westwood's son lives !' 'Yes, yes' — pantingly. ' For twenty yeats the Earl of Lang- leven has searched for his son. And even while he was continuing that fruit less quest, they lived together under the same roof, and neither knew the other ! They broke bread at the same table, they clasped hands in friendship, father and son ! The son was Now, now 1 will you understand ?' | The girl sprang to her feet with a sharp j cry. ' Gerald !' 'Yes; Gerald Desmond Westwood, future Earl of Langlevcn.' « Vnn unn arp surp ? It is true ? There c?n be no doubt — no ! Is it true ? I Mark's son— he, Mark's ! Oh, is it true ?' | ' It is, quite true,' the other answered, her breath coming so quicxly and pain- j fully as to make her words sound strange ; and broken — 'quite true' — . Oh' — with a sudden staitof remem brance — ' he holds such hatred for his falher — such hatred ! He thinks his father broke his mothei's heart, and he has sworn to avenge her.' ' The knowledge of all his father had suffered, the knowledge of the treachery that sundered two loyal hearts — all this will turn his hatred to staunchest love.' ' I can hardly understand it all yet, Cecil said, slowly. ' My lover is not home less, friendless, nameless ! Such a home, such friends, such a name ! A name that is honoured throughout TTnorlnnrl. Oh. it is all so strange, so strange, so strange !' And then all at once she sat down, tiembling, and leaned her head on Mrs. Branscombe's lap and began to cry. My d;ar, my dear !' — in alarm. But Cecil lifted a face which, in the mellow firelight, looked an April day — all sunshine and rain. ' I — I am so glad !' she whispered breathlessly. ' Glad for his sake. It is a beautiful rift in the sky — a beautiful rift, Ah' -with a long-drawn breath — we never dreamed of such a glorious dawn- \- ing !' And then, suddenly : ' Where is Mrrk ? Does he know|? Is he coming?' ' I daresay he will hear about the trial and come over for that.' ' Ah 1' the girl crouched back and shivered as though she had been struck. ' For one moment I had forgotten — for just one moment!' Mrs. Branscombe stood up. ' I think I will go to my room, dear. It is growing late. Good-night !' Cecil bent and put her arms about Jlier friend, and noticed with a strange shock of fear, how fagile she had grown. She picked up her shawl, a scarf of vivid ciimson, and wound it round her shoulders. How pale she was ! Only the feverish glitter of her eyes prevented her from looking death-like.' At the door she turned and looked back — a frail figure all draped in black and scarlet. ft,.' Good-bye !' she said, lingcringly ; and then correcting herself quickly — ' Good night !' CHAPTER XXXIII. THE SHADOW OF DEATH. The next morning broke bright, and clear, and jubilant, with a white frost silvering the city, and a crisp breeze sweeping the streets and over head the genial yellow light of a sunshing morn ing.. Cecil was up early, and having ex changed her wrapper for a street costume prepared for her morning visit to her father. She was going swiftly |down the stairs, muffled to her chin in velvets and furs, when she heard Mrs. Viardot call her. She turned to meet that Isdy coming out of Mrs. Branscombe's room, with a face so a jitated that it startled her. Do you know where Mrs. Branscombe ha9 gone Cecil ?' 'Gone!' — blankly. 'Yes. She did not respond to the knock of the girl who took her herbreak- fast. So I said she was ptobably sleep ing" still, and on no account to awaken her. That was < an hour ago. She is, not in her room now. She is not in the house. « You must be mistaken' — incredulously. ; You cannot have searched thoroughly.' ' ' haw cryv. l.oc, for I did ot like to alarm you sooner than 1 could 1 iossibly help. I. have just been through . I ier aoms for the .third time, and I notice j 1 ier wraps are gone. i 1 Ceci s gloved hand tightened its hold ! in the banister. / ' ! ' It seems incredible she would think of , oing out anywhere,' weak as si e still is— especially on such a cold morning. Have you questioned' the servants ?' ' 'No. I will do so' now-; but she cannot have lclt a mcsra'ge, or I would have re ceived it sooner.' ; '! They went down together to .the parlours, and the mistress of the house rang the bell. , ... , i I She spoke rapidly to the girl who an- | sjvered it, and in a few, minutes there filed into theft oom three or four dis ciplined servants. , . ' Mrs. Branscombe has, . I, fear, beep, called away suddenly before I' was up Did1 she leave a' message for me with any of vou ?' , , They looked ,at each other and .then up at their,, mistress in blank negation. None of them had' seen er later than' seveh, the previous evening, except Jane the housemaid. , . r ' I was bolting tlie back windows' for the night ,' .said the girl, ' wheri Mrs. Branscombe came into the kitchen: She asked nie if Matthews Was about. I said as how I'd see, and I went out to the 1 stables. Matthews was just coming into the yard. I told him Mrs. Branscombe Wanted to see him, I went in first, he \- . . -r- . . - -L- r t aiolierin . went ujj hiairu , Mrs. Branscombe in thq hall coming ; down.' ' That is all. You may go. Send Matthews to me.' The coachman entered the room, with rather a nervous air. 'Yes, ma'am,' he said, in answer to his mistress's questioning, ' Mrs. Branscombe spoke to me last night. She said she- was obliged to go away very suddenly, and wished me to have the carriage for her at half-past five this morning;' I ' And you did so.' 'Yes, ma'am, It was pretty dark at I that hour, but she was all ready, standing at the hall window up stairs, when I'drove ' round. She came down stairs real easy, I cairl she did not want to disturb you. There was no one else up in the house, excepting Mary, and she was lighting the fire in the kitchen.' ' Where did you drive Mrs. Brans combe?' 'To the station, ma'am.' ' That is all.' He paused at the door and looked back, timidly. ' I did right, ma'am ?' ' Quite right,' she answered. And the man walked away with. a re lieved face. 'What can we do — what can it mean ? Cecil questioned, helplessly. 4 It means,' Mrs: Viardot answered de- cidely, 'that she has interests of her own which take her elsewhere, and into which we are not privileged to look.' ' But she may never return !' Cecil rripH desneratelv. ' Exnosure to this .veather will kill her.' We had better look at the bright side, cheerily. ' She may have only gone on a trip to some friends in the suburbs and be home in time for dinner, after all. Here, run ! The carriage is waiting.' But Mrs. Branscombe did notreturn to dinner or supper — did not come all that day, or the next day, or for many days after. One week passed — two, three ! Such wretched, |dragging weeks, filled with such miserable days and hopeless hours ! Allithisjtime the-c kept glowing slowly, but surely — always surely — stone by stone, a wall of criminating evidence, which, rising grimly in the face of Philip Charteris, barricaded the patli to liberty. Cecil had written a long letter to the Earl of Langlcven the day of Mrs. Brans combe's departure. As yet (she had received no answer. Her heart sank within her of late. Every day seemed to come home to her with more crushing force — the fact that her father was in prison charged with the crime of murder. The one gleam of sunsnine that had ! come to her with the discovery of Gerald Kingley's identity was obscured by the dense clouds that followed. She passed all her time with her father He strove to be gay, to be sanguine in. her presence. He saw, with a blind, wild rage againsf Gavello, a sharp pain at his heart, how sadly she was changing. He noticed how seldom a tinge of colour flushed her check, how large and hollow her Deautnui eyes were growing, i She tried so hard to be brave when with him — so hard ! She would talk for hours about some trivial society gossip ; about a letter from Aunt Dorinda, and the news it contained ; about the last new trinket she had bought— anything to divert his thoughts, to make him happy, by forcing on him the belief of her happiness ! And it was pitiful to see them striving to cheer each other by appearing to be gay and |'ight- hearted, and confident, neither speaking ine word of the fears that consumed them. Sir Philip ;had engaged able counsel. He had told him his story in a clear, con cise, direct manner, which had most favourably impressed the man of law. ' Your case is a poor one without the testimony ot this woman you speak of — this Mrs. Branscombe. We must try and find her,' he had said. And they had tried. No expense was spared. Advertisements for her were in serted in every leading newspaper. ' Perhaps,' Sir Philip would say to him self sometimes, shudderingly — 'perhaps she is dead 1' For from her there came no more word or sign, or token than if she had never 'existed. Oar, winding up with 'America ?,. and. riaveUin.'g in desultory fashion, they had | te ad no Word of Sir Philip's arrest tiii J they arrived in New \ork. ' ' ' i And so the clay of the trial drew near with horrible haste. The evenings scented to rush to mornings, jthc dawttings to allop to dark, lashed by the whip of, Time. " ' >. " The prosecution possessed sufficient, evidence for half a dozen hangings. .With the exception of a simple assertion, there was literally no defence. ! Ilour'by hour. fainter, flickered hope's pallid flame. Hour by hour they looked, with eyes, fast filling with a great despair, to the .end,! ? , What would it be ? Oh, heaven, what would it be ? Ah, at the .bar.e,, thought of what the. futur;e>rmght hold they shrank' back, cold with horror bcrn of fear — these two who loved each other so. Where was Mrs. Branscombe ?' If she. would only cc'm'e— would only come ! ITad . she proved a deserter in their hour of sorest need ? Already detectives from' San Francisco were in the city: To-morWw they would start homeward With the if prisoner; whose trial would take place in their city, Red Gulch being a village virtually extinct: To-.ilorrow 1 IVrriorrOw ! It was night when Cecil came' forth from her father's cell and went out to hei cirriage — a December night. Overhead ttAllAiir eftre flTtchlv. Tllf Lilt y t» hd »v aiuia iwuutwu — air was crisp, cold, sweet. The streets were carpeted .with frozen snow, that sparkled as if sown with diamonds. The whirling vehicle stopped at length. I She alighted before the handsome home | ot the Viardots, and went slowly up the brown-stone steps. The parlours were flooded with light, that streamed a cheery welcome through the plate-glass windows. The reflection of the fire glowed ruddily in the snow. The door was opened before she had time to ring. ' My poor chi'd 1 ' Annie Viardot said, putting gentle, sympathetic arms round the girl as lovingly as a mother might have done, and drawing her into the crim son warmth and radiance of the hall. And then, as she caught sight of her face, she drew back with a cry of dismay. ' Oh, you must not give way like this — you must not. Ah, my dearest, my dear est, be brave. Try and be brave.' ' I am not giving way,' she answered, in a strange, hard voice, a wan smile sadder than any tears breaking on her lips. ' I am vety brave — very strong — very' And Ihen she put out her hand blindly and closed it convulsively on a hall cabi net, and held herself erect with a mighty effort. Mrs. V'ardot took the gill's jacket and cap of seal from her, and pushed her gently towards the parlours. ' Go in, Cecil.' And she herself turned and went up stairs, thinking witii a keen pain at her heart how completely destitute of nope had grown the heiress of Charteris. This was the first night she had failed to ask if there were any tidings of Mrs. i Branscombe. Despair had come, more 1 lerrib'e in its cruel quiet than any anguish- 1 ed fear. Cecil walked mechanically, as she was bidden, into the parlours, with a sad, slow, stately step, like a queen dethroned. Her. soft, clinging, dead-black robes ti ailed behind her. She wore no morsel of ornament, no flush of colour to brighten their sombreness. She came slowly forward and stood under the great chandelier, a pathetic, drooping figure. Her hair flashed to pure gold in the gaslight. t But her face. _ I Ah, was it— could be that of the git! who had flitted among the roses at Char teris, and sighed with joy at the nearness of her first ball — of the girl who had stood by the great lodge gates, all lesser things lorgotten in the song of a bird — cf the girl who had cried, in answer to her father's 'anxious questioning that far-off evening on the castle terrace, ' Happy ? Yes, I am wholly happy. Why should I not be ? ' And now. The delicate flush, fair as the rose-tint of a summer dawning, had vanished from her rheek — its soft curve had lost its roundness. There were datk shadows under the glorious violet eyes — eyes which were wide, and hopeless, and infinitely sad ; and the whole face was so set, and rigid, and ghost-like in its awful despair, that the woman who had stood unnoticed I inthe shadow ot the curtains staited in ' Cecil.' A rustle of silken draperies, a breath of patchouli, a glitter of jewels, a glimpse of a radiant, girlish face. ' Cecil.' The quiet figure under the gaslight turned — turned with a quick catching of her breath — turned to clasp in her arms a small, flying figute, all rose and gold.' ' Leslie !' she cried. i'JLeslie !' CHAPTER XXXIV, THE SHADOWS DEEPENS. It was the second day of the trial — a wretched, dreary day, with a murky leaden sky overhanging the city, and the wind shrilling and screeching round j the street corners in a frantic pretence of mirth. Cecil a quiet, black-clad, black veiled figure, sat by and listened- listened, dumb as a woman carved from stone. Near her were Leslie and her husband, who, |! ad insisted on accompanying them. They had been married a month before any one dreamed of such a thing, on a sudden, whimsical notion of Leslie's, and hacl left immediately on their wedding The trial lagged tircsomcH on. The court-room was packed to see a red live English baronet take his chinces f>>r life or death like a common chick labourer ; but the murder for which lie stood ar raigned was of such a distant d,U.\ in terest in it had completely diet! out Few of tlio.se who. knew (Philip" Char teris before his arrest would have recog nised him how; ..lie looked aged . and stooped. His hair rn'd... moustache- were qi'iite grey His handsome, prpud, patrician face, wiht its fiery eyes, and ihaughty Hps' looked painfully sharpened and transparent, and full of, burning, pitifuljrestlessness. ; I.t is not always the innocent who betray no sign ot guilt, For the criminal who is strong enough, to clcfy the law, is strong. . enough to defy his own con science.' What his days and nights ,had been since he had learned of, Mrs. Brans combe's flight', and .at that moment realized the terrors of his position, who shall say ? Of his feverish hope, -his vain beating against fate's adamant, and at la'st his utter, blank despair, there are no words' in' wh'ich' to speak. And' who would dissect the heart of a man who sees life's torch flickering, and it his very feet his grave being dug, shovelful by shovelful. He heard as through a mist the testi- i mony given? How very, very many, of ' whom he had never remembered having I even heard, now appeared, who had » known Dir.k Dalton ! He heard strange voices speaking, his counsel arguing, cross-questioning going on, with a brain all numbed and dazed. Only once he started and turned, with a faint show of eagerness, to listen. And at the same moment Cecil -lifted her white sad face. They had produced, and were about to read the pagers found in the possession of the prisoner. There was a package of love-letters addressed to ' Geraldine Desmond,' and signed ' Mark Westwood' — letters im passioned and tender, and tied with a faded, rose-coloured ribbon. There were some documents proving legally the heirship of Mark Westwood to the title and estates of the Earl of Langleven, and there was, lastly, lengthy, tremblingly- written-epistle on the back of which was irscribed, in feeble- irregular fashion (ah, doubtless the hand of the writer was even then fast chilling with the first cold breath from the river 1 ' To my deal son, To be tead by him on his iwenty-flrst birthday.' Through the courtroom ebbed that faint murmur which in the crowd always precedes a silence, as the lawyer began to read. I It was occasionally rambling, sotrte- I times incoherent, always pathetic, this I story of a life. And towards the end she wrote.: 'Of late, and of late only, I am terrified by the thought which forces itself upon me : What if Murdock de ceived me ? Should I not have en- : deavoured to meet, to confront ,the man whom I had loved so dearly, and let him inswer.me, if he dared r It was hard to con vince me of his treachery at first — oh, so aard ! He a traitor — he ! But those Otters- — that letter, 'If ever you want mc, I will come !' that telegram, Come!' — his departure, his silence his absence ! Oh, my child, who could en dure such misery of doubt — of love down- trampled — of trust betrayed ? ' So, one, day when I had waited in vain for one wotd, one line, till my heart grew sore within me, Murdock paused before nte, where I stood at the wicket-gate. 'And at sight of the familiar face— for I had known him since I was quite a child — I broke down completely. That terrible pain at my heart grew so sharp, so fierce, that I bowed my itead on try hands and burst into tears, in weak, womanly fashior. 1 l ie was very gentle with me, (very-patient, He told mc again that story to which I would not listen the first time he tried tb tell it. He worked on my pride ; and we had enough of that, Heaven help us, all we Desmonds ! ' He referred to his old passion tor me most delicately. He said it was a thing long since dead and buried, but that from its grave had grown a calm brotherly affection. lie told me that if lie wished to go a- way, to prove my.self ji-> plaything for a titled scoundrel, to give my phild all honourable opportunity in the grand arena of tlie New World, that he would see me on board an Atlantic steamer — wculd make all arrangements for my com fort, with the privilege of an old friend, .,nrt Hip Hpr.k's Iside would hid me farp- well for ever. Oh, my son, if in after years (as of late I have grown to fear you may) you dis cover that I was wrong, remember how weak, how anguished, how|frier.dless I was. Remember the chivajrotjs protection off? ere.l me. Well, I went away. I took you and my little brother, Bryan, with me. I left no word, no-line, no message for the man I had thought my husband. He would know and doubtless he would be relieved at the knowledge that he was unmasked at last. I said goodrbye to Leonard at the vessel's side ; but we were not three days in New York when he found us out. He had come over by the next steamer. At first I was really glad to see him. I welcomed him as a fiiend. But soon I began to notice that his bttentions were more those of a lover than a fiiepd. I commenced to dread the man. One night he spoke. He pleaded ong and perserveringly. I had never been legally married, he said, he would give me the honest shield of his name. My brother and my son would be to him ss his brother and his son. < | To be continued 