WHO RODE VUEI? By D. Garcia. “ You’re never surprised at anything, eh, lad? Well, I used to say the same until But there, suppose I toll you the story. “It's nigh cm twelve years ago that the ovent I’m going to relate to you occurrod, hut the re collection of it is as fresh in my miud aa though it hail only happened yesterday. “At that time I was acting' as private trainer to Squire Alton, and a better, kinder, ortruer-heartod Euglieh gentleman I never wish Things had gone very bad with us all that season, aud I knew that the squire, who was a heavy bettor, must have dropped it to a tidy tune, but I had no idea matters wero as queer as they wore. However, I was boou to- find “ X was sitting in my snuggery one ovontug, musing gloomily enough over our past uou succeaa, and despondently wondering if the luck ever would change, when a rap came at the door, and in response to my mechanically uttered Tomo in,* there entered tho squire himself. \ , “ To say I was surprised is but to give a faint idea of my astonishment, for I had thought him in London, two hundred miles away. He Biuilcd as ho walkod across the room to groet me—such a wan, weary smile it was, too, the mere ghost of his old-time jo. viality. “4You didn’t expect to boo me, did you, Brown?’ ho said, as wo shook bauds. ‘ But 1» there, I know you did not. You won’t ho surprised, howover, when I toll you my reason for coming. Just give mo a brandy and soda, 1 aud I’ll explnin all about it.’ “ XIo emptied tho glass at a gulp. ^ “‘ Now,” ho said, as ho put it down, Mot's get to business. In tho first place, what should < you think Vixen could win tho Larkshire Cup 1 “ * Elovon stone seven,’ I answered promptly. 1 “‘Right,’ ho said; ‘and I think so too. Well, bore’—and ho drow a slip of paper from 1 his pockot-baok—‘ are the weights, aud eho has ■ only eleven atone to carry.* “‘Why, squire,” I cried, eagerly, ‘it's a moral—that is, of course, if you riuo your- 1 self,’ Oh, I shall ride her, never fear;* and ho < added, grimly, 4 I’ve too much at stake to bo ] out of that.’ 41 For a few momenta he romainod silent, i gazing sadly into tho fire; then ho spoke again, 1 “‘Brown,’ ho said, ‘I dorosay you're £ wondering what on oarth I wanted to leavo town for simply to bring theao weights down, 1 when you might have soon them for yourself in 1 a few hours’ time. But that is not all. I havo 1 eomothing else to tell you. As you know, I’ve 1 boon losing heavily all tho season, and tho 1 defeat of Rod Boy last week was a fair facer. 1 Racing debts, though, I might havo managed, 1 but yesterday I received tho nows that a mino in which I held au enormous nuiubor of sharos ( is practically worthless. To cut a long story 1 short, tho plain fact is that I’m on the vorgo of ruin, aud hut ono chauca is left mo of extricating i myself from my difficulties. The Larkshire Cup i I must win, aud Vixen is tho mare that must do * tho trick.’ £ “‘She can, and shall,’ I exclaimed, ox. f citodly. “ * Well, I hopo so,’ ho Baid, quietly—‘ not so a muoh for my owu sake, as for hors and I saw a tear steal slowly down his cheeks. s “I know whom ho meaut. Two great * trouble**, it had been tho Bquiro’s fate to battlo with during his lifetime. The first had come ^ years aud years before, when hia twin brother, to whom he was passiouatoly attached, had 3 disappeared, and never since been Been or 1 hoard of. The second was tho death of his c wife, who, dying in child-birth, had bo* 1 quoathed him as a heritage of love Alice, his t goldon- haircd, blue-eyed daughtor. It was of l her ho was thinking. Gambler he might be, i and as a gambler ho could meet the blow; but j that she—his darling, the core of hia hoart- e Ah, I understood how he felt just then. “Long through the night—far, indoed, into l the early hours of tho morning—wo sat in 3 earnest conversation, discussing tho plan of c campaign, and when at length the squire took 1 his leave, there was even a traoe of tho by- < gone Iighfc-heartedness in # his ‘Good-bye, 1 Brown; wo shall weather tho storm yet.’ 1 “ You caa imagine mine was a pretty an xious c time during tho next month. Luckily, Vixen for oucs was inclined to have a long spell of good temper, and so progressed in her training 1 all that could ho desired. During the lost week j the squire came down to put her through her 1 winding- up gallops, and hor ladyship fairly £ delighted us both. j “ ‘ Wo shall do it, Brown,’said ho, on the morning before tho raco, as wo watched tho 1 etablcdad lead hor away; ‘sho’U win in a f canter to-morrow. I Bhall run up to towu this * afternoon and havo auother * monkey’ on. 1 Might us well be hung for a sheop os a lamb.* ^ “ It was a gloriods day, and ub I cantcrod 1 towards the course, oven tho knowledge of £ what was at stake failed to stay my rising £ spirits. I “ I thought to havo found tho squire thero, but not seeing him, I strolled into tho riug to 1 hear how tho betting was going. j A’ixen was second favorite, tho loading pari tion on tho lists beiug held by Good Lad, a clover chaser, I know, aud tho only animal I J believed to threaten danger. j “Tho big event was sot for threo o’clock, and half an hour before that time I made my way towards tho paddock for tho purpose of putting tho finishing touches upon the mare. . “ I had still Boon no signs of tho squire, and certainly folt somewhat uneasy, but no thought of auy accident entered my miud. Scarcely had I entered, however, when I saw a tele graph boy approaching, aud in auothor moment I had torn tho message open and knew tho , truth. “ Papa dangerously ill,’ it said. 4 Get another jockey,’ “That was all; hut it was enough, I tell yon, to completely stun me for the time being, ‘Get another jockey’I Where? In hor bad fits Vixen was aBho-dovii. With tho squire she seldom belied her name, but in the hands of n stranger she was a mad horse. Like one in a dream I walked over to where tho lad was lead her round. “ * It’s all up, Dick,’ I said, while tho lump in my throat seemed to grow bigger .and bigger; 4 the squire’s ill—can’t ride—and-♦” “ I stopped suddenly, as I caught the ex pression on my listener's faco. His eyes wero starting from their Bockota, and his whole expression was ono of frightened surprise. With an exclamation of impatiouco, I turned on my heal, and thou I, too, stood rooted to the spot with astonishment, for there, in front of me, looking like ouo just risen from the dead, wns ho whom but a few moments before I had boliovod to bo lying dangerously ill, perhaps dying, miles and miles away—the squire himBelf 1 “ ‘Squire Alton!’ I gasped. “ Ho made no reply. Colorless as a corpse, | tho awful pallor of his faco shown up all tho tho more vividly by tho bright bluo of his racing jackot—for I10 was fully equipped for riding— he stood for more thau u. minute like n statue or stouo. Suddenly a convulsive shudder agitated his limbs, and then, his countenance still wear ing tho Bamo expressionless stare, ho Btrodo slowly past mo towards Vixen, swung himself into the saddle, and cantered away to the starting post. “What did it mean? Hero in my hand lay tho telegram tolling mo of his illness, and yet, not three hundred yards away, I could sea him, in the dear old Aitou colors, sitting Vixen with the easy grace I kuow so well. Was I mad or dreaming? “I watched tho field as they drew into lino, saw tho llag fall, and thoy were off. “Astiff hit of country was the Larkshire Clip course—three miles and a half nearly oz' genuine hunting plough,, ditch, wood nod water. Something in rod shot out from tho reafc as they landed in a lino over the first obstacle, and mado tho runniug in advance of the favorito ; King Tom, a elashiug chestnut, coming third, and Vixen next. “ By the stand, tho first time, the order of the lending quartet was unchanged, but tho rest of tho field had dropped back, and were evidently already out of it. Half way through the plough, the second time, tbo leader came back to his horses clean pumped out, Good Bad now going on first, with King Tom next, and Vixen snaking along third, n couplo of lengths behind. “Tho next jump, a double post and rails, proved fatal to the chanco of Kiug Tom, ho orer-jumping aud coming a fearful cropper. Thero were now but a few small fences between that and tho water, and ray h«art gave a throb of hopo as I saw tho beautiful long, low notion of Vixen taka her stealing up» to the quarters of the favorite. “Fifty yards from the crucial test they were neck and neck. I saw tho squire sit down to ride; I saw tlio brilliantly-tinted jackets rise in. the air there vu a wild yoll from a multitude of throats, aud ae Vixen came cantering up the,, straight alone,.I know it was all over—Good. Bad was down, and the cup was all our own ‘•■With a cry of delight I turned towards the weighiug-xoom. I had some little distance to go, and as I reached the entrance V met the squiro coming out. “ ‘ So it has coino off!1 I cried. ‘T knew it would,* . “Ho never spoke. With the same ngiu expression upon his face as it had worn before the race, his eyes storing iuto vacancy, ho brushed past mo, and in another moment had mingled with the crowd nud disappeared. “ It was beyond my comprehension, and until tho mystery was unravelled I could not rest. By tho next train I went up to town, and pro ceeded to tho squiro’s residence. I asked for his daughter. Sho oame, a look of intense auxiety upon her features. “‘Well,’ sheBaid, ‘how is it? Have you "“WouT I repeated, with surprise. ‘Why, haven’t you heard ? Of course we have. Vixen came homo alono, and the sauiro never rode a finer ruco in his lifo.” . “ ‘ The squireI" she criod, astonished in her U“‘'ves/I said; ‘but I couldn’t make him ,ut. Ho Dover spoke a word to me all tho time io was on tho course.’ “ ‘Tho squire!’ she again repeated. ‘ Impoa iblo! Why, papa is >J‘US iu at uomont in hia room. He boa never loft lushed inco onrly thia morning!’ “But I toll you’- I commenced, and ben suddenly stopped, while for tbo aaeond ima that day I almost doubted my own sanity, or tbo door bud been noiselessly opened, and hero, just inside tbo room, stood Squire Alton ookiug bia old-time solf indeed, tho ruddy ironze of vigorous health on hia cheeks, and lia eyes aa keenly bright oa of yore. “1’or a few momonta ho stood, evidently nioying our astonishment; then bis voice noko the spell: “Do not bo afraid,’ ho said; aud now h ;oticed that the ring of bis tones differed from ly old master’s. ‘ I am no ghost, yet neither ra I Squiro Alton. Dot ait down, young lady, nd you, sir, aud I’ll explain the mystery “Mechanically wo obeyed, and he followed U“ ‘ And now,’ bo said, addressing Miss Alton, did you never hoar of your father’s twin rothor—your Uncle George ?’ “‘Why, yes,’said Miss Alton, ‘many times, lut surely you are not-’ "‘He. Indood, but I am. Listen. Eighteen care ago I left home-why, it matters not— ut from that day to last week not a single soul round tho wholo place has known my where bouta, or if I wora aliva or dead. 1 had never bought to set foot on England’s shores again, ut somehow the tramp fever burned itself out I the end ; a longing for the old scenes took.lti lace, anil a month ago I landed at home, weot home,’ once more. “ ‘ I had first intended to see the squire, my rother immediately, but a few chanco words heard dropped at my club caused mo to hango my mind. The words I rofer to gave io a faint idea of my brother’s position, and by int of judicious inquiries I was soon in pobsob ion of tho facts of tbo caeo. I-know that un jss Vixen won, tho squiro was ruined beyond II redemption. “ ‘Poor papa!’ murmured hi3 daughter. “ ‘ Wall, I had, unknown to my brother, latched him on sovoral occaeions, and I saw hat his nerves wore being gradually wrought ito such a state of tension that they might uap at any moment, and a aorious illness esult. Anticipating, therefore, some such bing has occurred, I made my arrangements ccordingly. To eecuro my qualiacation as a ontleman rider was easy enough. Years in he saddle out West has made mo a horseman lith few equals. I know every inch of the -arkshiro Cup coureo from experienced gained saboy. The main difficulty was Ji ixou. It he cut up rough it was all over. Howevor, to omo oxtout I smoothed away that trouble. )ld Joe Biggs, your stud groom, has been us he Alton sorvice sinco when-a lad. To him *■ vent, rovoalod my idontity, and Btatod my ilan. Ho fell in with it at once, and through lis instrumentality I had a few half-hours in ho mare’s company, that put us on tho best of erras with oach other. So, wheu this morning ho blow fell which I had feared all along, I iad everything in train for operations. The eat you. know. I rodo Vixon, and I don t □iud saying that a more comfortable ride I lever had in my life. Mino was a wild net, but t catno off.’ “‘But your awful whiteness?.’ I cried, still loubting. , ■ “ He laughed. ‘ Oh, I didn’t “ storm barnB” ‘or a couplo of years with a dramatic company without learning how to “ make up.” So now pou know tho wholo story, and all thero is to 3o is to toll tho squire of Vixen’s victory—it svill do him more good than physic, I’ll be bound — and then, immediately he’s well mough, we’ll all go down to the old place to jothorr’. . “ Aud thia was done. The load of anxiety >nco removed from hia mind, Squire Alton itoadily improved—joy at being re-united to bis brother materially t helping him on to re covery—and in a few weeks’ time ho ms about again, as well and hearty as over. “Now, what I wish to say is this : If voir are novor surprised at anything, I’m not ashamed to confess that a more astonished man never breathed than‘yours truly* the day be solved tho mystery as to * Who rodo Yixeu ?’ ” —“ Weekly Budget.’’ 