TUB STORY ' OF' A DOUBliE mistake,;1.; r- . EHUNDREDund si-ty-fpur: years aRi- ...a of tho most 'popular'' and flourishing hbstolrios .in.'.tho ancient city of York was the PackhorsD, in Micklogute. Tho hostess was a buxom, :tmiddle;agcd ?widow, Mrs. Hannah Williams, us shrowd a womnu of biisiiieas as there wns.to, bo found anywhere, even in a couuty-faiued for the, shrowdncss of itsi lrieii and women. , Mrs. VYillimns know'libw to miike hor guests comfortable, mid sho must, wo imii'giiie, hdvo'b'bon a 'land- lady, of much the ': Faino ? typo us the ono whom Frans Hals has immortalised in fcliufc famous portrait, which is .ono of the goms of our National Gallery. . For many years Mrs. Hannah Williams had inapaijed the Pack-, horse, and was generally reputed to have amassed a large sum of money'.' Impressed, by the rumours of hor wealth, suitors of all sorts and: degrees -had sought her hand, but , sho - hnd .- apparently lmd quite enough of ,, matrimony during the life time, of .Mio late . lamented Mr. Williiyns ; at any. rate she hnd no deeito whatovor to repont the experiment. In tlio yonr 1727 the. head waiter of.'. .the tavorn was one Thpmns Geddqley who hurl boen for some titno in. the qinploymontiof Mrs. Williams and enjoyed her condolence to a considerable extent. He was, a plausible fellow, who had a happy way of ingratiating himself into the favour of the guests, tuul altogether he nppoured to have about as snui; and lucru tivo u berth as any waiter could wish to have. One morning in the month of Mulch, 1727, Mrs. Williams found her cabinot desk, or escritoire, hs they called it in thoso days, broken, open, papers strewn nboub tho floor and overy drawer evidently rilled. A single glance at the wrecked pieco of furniture was enough to confirm her worst feni's. A sum of nearly £100, in notes uiul gold, which had been locked up there, had disappeared. All the servants of the establishment wore at once summoned to their mistress's presence, and sternly questioned as to whether .thoy hud seen any suspicious churnotcr about, tor she said she could not bqliovo ' that nny sorvun t of hers could have robbed her. They ono und all gavo a solemn denial. of any knowledge of tlio robbory, nor had any of them seen nny one of a suspicious aharuotor about tho premises. But when tlioaorvants lmd been questioned, ami hud asserted their innocence, ;ib.'was notlcod thnt jriioinas (Jetldcley wiis not present. As the hostess dismissed tho servants she said,. ,*'!Sbnd ^.IIUIIIIIi: \j\J III Vr f -3**J - ?*? tllVltl1 t-V/ PJJl.il IV KU 111 111 particularly. , She relied oti' ,'Ge'dcloley's sagacity to help her to find somo elite to the thief, and wanted, therefore, , to consult with him 'at .once. .But presently one of the maids returned and said that Gaddeloy could r not b.e found nnywhoro j he vfw ,))nt i|l Ills phpt-V-Vi nor in his bedroom, nor iii the cofibc-voom j in fact, though they hud searched the house high nnd low, they oauld discover no trace of him. Tills w.us strange, Hqwcvor, it wns just possible that Thonms might have gone out into the city on some business of his own. But when an hour, two- hours, threo hours olapscd, Mi's. Williams began to have unpleripant suspicions that the waiter's dieiippem »npe- miyhf, liavp some gonnection with the robbery., pii fiirt|jer inmilry, 0,1113 of the cha'mbeimiiido aliiteel .thiit'she \\\v$ sceji Pcddelpy jn.-itjl?. WiHiajiis's priyate room ehirly t||at mprnipg wi(;|i ij uqker iji his ln\i)ri, but u.s slip had spviM'nl tjincs seep hjni thore bcfoi'P slio tpok no notjpe uftlie Qir cumslaitce. This mndo the faot of the waiter's disappearance more suspicious than over, and when the .whole, day and night passed without any tidings of him, tlio hostess had no alternative but 'to rec'bnpjlo licrkelt' to ? 'thp oonriotjan that the servant whom she had no imrilibitly trusted had bepn so basoly ungrateful as to deliberately rob, in his heartless and shame less way, tho mistress to whose kindness he owed so much, In those. days, whan there were tip railways, np tplpgrap^j apfl but n very imperfept pplicp systeip, it was oasy «noui{h fora thief to- escape with his booty if he only ,gofc a few hours' qlear atni't,' Thonms Gcddeley vanished and loft no brace behind him, nor. could tho most searching inquiries discover any clue to his whereabout!*. So Mrs. \Villiums was per force compelled, as sjie herself remarked, 'tp yi'iii and'bpt)r if.'i ' ; About eighteen months passed, nnd tho robbery at the l'nokhorse was almost for ifptteji by nil lint the lipstoss, M'hen, ns the Boots of the tavern whs.. -.passing down SkeWergate', he saw, helping to loud a onvt., a man who.=e fnen seemed familiar to him. He stopped, looked hard at the man, then stepped up' to him, tapped him on the shoulder, and said, 'Hulloa.l GccUleley.' The person so acldiesscd burned, sharply i-ouiul, and with a stnre of astonishment 5HJ[!— !! My najne isn't pcddplay, a,w\ I never acj; eyes on ypu before,'' ' ''? ' . '? What ! ypn'rp not Thonms God del By, ns was waiter tit tlioPaokhoi'se? ' exclaimed Bootc ' No j I never heard of the man you speak of. and I never was in the Packlicrse in my ife. , * 'Then who the devil uro you?' avked Boots in bewilderment. 'My itnmo's James Crow,' replied the bthor, 'and I buvo oply been in Yp.rlc a fortnight, ' You've mistook me for' some body else,' ? 'Woll, if you're not him you're his twin brother,' said Boots, incredulously, and then walked away. On his return to the I'lickliorse he told Mrs. Williams that he had seen tieddelcy working ns a porter, und that though the tniiti donied.tlmt bo was GedHeley, and said his name was Crow, ho (Boots) could swear it was tlio late wnitor at the Packhorse. Airs. Williams was of opinion that Boots must, be mistaken,, as she was sure that Goddoley wpuld nover dare to come biusk to York, whero so many people knew him. But tho next day two tradesmen of the city came into the I'ackhorso, and both asserled that they had seon Geddoloy, and that Mrs, Williams had better have him arrested at once, before he had timo to escape. Mrs. Williams, however, still refusod to believe that the t lrmn cculd ppssibly be Gedcleley. But she s'njd that if these gentler men and Boots liked to swear an information boforo the magistrate and have a warrant issued for the man's 'arrest, she would corhe and identify him, and if ho really turned out to bo tho lute waiter she would pro. secute him with the utmost rigour of the Imir. ' ' An dno course the man who called himself James Crow was arrested, and Mrs, William* was sent for to identify him. He was placed among n score of other men, but the moment Mrs. Williams run her eye down the line she picked him out at once, and seizing him by the collar exclaimed, 'Oil! you base, ungrateful rascal I've caught you at last, have I V Oh '( yen villain, yon thief, you shall swing for this or my name's not Mnnnnh Williams.' All the while she was uttering these exclamations the exoited hostess of the Packhoree, who was a big and powerful woman, was shaking the man us a terrier might shako a rot. ' Will you swear to him, Mrs, Williams?' asked the magistrate, 'Swear to him, I. should think Iconic). I'm not likely to forget his hang-dog face, tlio rascally thief.' , Whon tho unfortunate man was able to free himself from the grasp of the enraged hostess of tlio Paokhorse, he cried out in a loud voice, 'I tell you, mistress, ycu're mistaken, I nevoi1 saw you beforo in my life. I never was in York till a fortnight ago. My name is James Crow, and I never know anybody in ttiy life of the name, of Geddoley.' ?; But Mrs. Williams was now positive that sho saw her old waiter bofoio hor, and in order to clinch tho matter sho sent tor somo of her forvunU from the inn, all of whom sworo emphatically that, the mnn was Thomas Ueililcloy, mirl 1,1ml. there could not posMbly be any inUtnkn nbonb his identity. Iii vain the sni-dliniit Jiimes Crow nsswled his ignorance of Thouiiid (iedilcley anil vvevylliinjj; peiUiuiny lo him. A^ituul such overwhelming proof of his identity with tho thief his protestations woro disregarded, and he was forthwith committed to York Castle for trial at tho the noxt assizos. When tho caso camo on th« court was crowded, for the extraordinary recklessness of Goddoley in appearing in York after com mitting so deliberate and gross a crime, nud his bruzon impudence in trying to pass liini- j self oil' as anpthor man, had invested his trial with unusual interest. The prisoner, who looked dazed and bewildered whon ha came into the dock, pleaded him whs such us to loave not . tlio slightest doubt of his guilt. Mrs. Williams, tho servants of tlio Pnckhoi'so, and a dozen other independent witnesses, all sworo positively that the prisoner was Thomas Geddoloy, lute ? waiter at the i'lickhor.-io. Tho chambermaid, who hnd - soon him in Mrs. yVilliams's - private ..room with the (joker in, his liund on i the morning of tho robbery, testified to that faot,; and. nleoto tlio confused and frightened appearance of the culprit — though this may havo been an afterthought on , her purt, seeing that nt Ih'st sho.hnd asserted; that she saw nothing in Geckleley's prosonoe in the room to rouse her, suspicions. It was fnrbher elicited that the story which tho prisoner hud givoniof, his antecedents after his arrest wus nob a satisfactory onp. , By. his own showing he had . been living the life of a rogue and a vagabond. Ho could refer to no employer for. a oliaraotoiv.: - He w«s. very reticent about his movements during the previous eighteen, months, and in fact left on the court, the impression that having spent the Gceeds of the robbery, in dissipation, ho .been living a shif tless, hnnd-to-mouth existence ever, since, The prisoner -was undefended, and on being asked what h« had to say'lri his defence, made a rambling,; Bomewhnt iricohorent stnteinerib, winding'np by solomnly calling God to witness that he was not the man he wns asserted to be, that lib wus ' James ' Crow— that he had novor. known any such parson as Thomas Gecldeloy -^that he - had never been in York till ho came there a fortnight bofore his (vrrost ; and that -he had nover in his life sot foot Inside the Packhorso. Whenlio had finished, bho Juclgo said ; 'Bub surely if your state ment is.true; you oould havo fbiina witnesses' toiirovo thnt you were nab ip Yprk at the time of the robbory. Whoro do you say you were in the month of March, 1727!' ? ^Tlie prisoner lioSitated. 'I was—in— in Nqrwioh, I think,' he said. 'No— in Notbingham— I— I can't remember now yniore 1 wag.' .? ?.,- ? .. ? -?? :- This admission was fatal; but the Judge, willing to do his outmost for the winner, said, ' Ciin you write ?' ? : ;. ,':Yes,'wa8 . bhe reply. . ? 1 ' Then,' continued his lordship, Purely you could have wrifcton to!soin,e poraQos who 'Ppw. thnt ypH Yfere notin Yorfe when tho robbery wns committPd, und they would hftye, gome hore to- give' oVidcnce in ydiir favour.' : ?,'.-,?.!. I didn't know any one to write to,' said the pi'isonor sullenly. This was a still more ffttal. admission, and after that the judge gave up the attempt to help the prisoner us a bud..job. ? The summing-up was short, and tho jury without leaving tho box found that 'Thomas Gecldeley; tho prisoner nt the bur, was guilty of the robbory with' which he ,\vae charged.'. .' When naked what he hnd to say why scntonce-of death should not be passed upon him, tho prisoner simply sai(), 'I'm not guilty, iny Iqrtl, I'm an Innocent man.' ? ? ? :- ? 7: ???.?'. Then the fiitlfn.iml-, nn Mia Klnnir »nr- n-,rl amidsolomn »itenoe Tliomas Gedcleley was condemned to die. After hearing' the sen tence the prisoner remninefl clutchihg bhe bar of,. tlio..: dock; leaning forward with liis oyes fixed in a dazed : stnre i^phn th? jiiflge. i(; required the' 'united- strength of bhreo warders to wrenoh away his desperate gvas'p upon the bar. Then as he turned his ashen face to the jury ho cried in a voice which no one who heard it ever forgot ' ? 'You've killec] an innpcei|t man.' Four days' later, Thomns Qeddeley was innged.butfrom the moment. l?o wns removed from '?the floolf t\\\\\ the, drop fell ho npver uttered another word to any human' being. He died mute. ?„ y^j:\\-- ;.,., '.:; *i Nearly two years after the execution of Thomas Geddeley, Mr. C^ibw.n, a solioitor 'roip Vpi'li, hapiiened lo' ho in Dublin on hiisinoss,. Ho ;was in.tho courts one tiny when the Assizes weve an, nnd a mun wns placed jn, the clook to stand his trial for robbery. The Yorkshire solioitor glanced ?b.the prisenor, and; then gave n grent -start of surprise, .for before him ho saw Thomns Geddoley,. tho man who hnd been hanged nearly two years boforo at Vork.or his ghost. Ho rubbed his oyes, and stared harder than ever at the prisoner. Ho wns indicted under the name of Johnson, nnd the evidoucfi of his crime was so conclusive against him tlinb thp jury, witliRub hesitation, found him guilty, and ho 'was pentenoad to dentil. The extraordinary resemblnnoeof this man to tlio Thomw G.eddeloy who hart boen oxeeuted at York so impressed Mr. Gibson that after the trial he applied for permission to visit tho cpiidomneu criminal. Tho request was granted, and bhe solicitor wns the noxt clay admitted to the convict's cell. ' I want ypu.V said Mr. .Gibson, ' to olenr up a mystery before you die. Did you over know a man narned Geddelpy?' .,,-??? ^fhe answor was a startling one. 'Yes, Mr, Gibson, I know you well. I am Thomua Goddeley 1' 'And you robbed Mrs. Williams, of the Pack horse?' 'I did, sir.' - ' Then, my God, you've been the- menus of sending an innocent man to his death !' '! How so?' asked bhe conviptj engerlyl 'Why, did ypn nover hear that a man nupppsed to be. Thp.mns Goddoley, was hanged ab York two years ago for that robbery?' . . , 'As God is my jadge, I never heard of tb. . I came straight oyor here direotly after I robbed Mrs. Williams, changed my name, And here I've been over since.' Thon Mr. : Gibson told the story of James Crow, and Geddoley, though his own death was but a fow hours distant, was so affected thab he burst into tears, : Whon Mr. Gibson rphn-ned to York ho lost no time, in making .public this extra ordinary story,at thp sumo time bearing wit ness to the marvellous likoness bobw.een the two men.whioh, he said, was sp cIpso as to h«'o deceivod anyone.— Abridged from the Lkmsid ViclxmUtrs1 Gazette. 