MR. CLEMENT L. WRAGGE. THE WEATHER PROPHET. Career of the Meteorologist. Love of Scientific Research— How His Attention was Turned to the Study of Meteorology— Other Scientific Studies— The Man That Foretells Our Storms. Mr. CIement Lindsay Wragge, F.R.G.S., F.R. Met. Soc., &c.; , Director of the Chief Weather Bureau, Brisbane, Government Meteorologist of Queensland, first saw the lights at Stourbridge, England, on September I8, 1852, or as he himself expresses it, "I was born with one leg in Worcester and the other in Stafford." His father, a solicitor, after whom he is named, was a Staffordshire man, the son of George Wragge, one of the founders of the Cheadle Copper and Brass Co., and his mother was a daughter af the late Isaac Downing, an eminent surgeon of Stourbridge. When he had attained only the early age of five months his mother died, and he was then taken to the family home at Oakomoor, a beautiful village in the romantic and lovely valley of the River Churnet in North Staf fordshire, but two miles from the famous Aiton Towers. At Oakamoor Lodge he MR. C. L. WRAGGE. was reared by his grandmother, who brought up the nursling with a tender care that was thoroughly characteristic of her nature, and to whose memory he owes one continual debt of gratitude. " I should never have lived," he says, "but for her loving solicitude; she spent her life in doing good, and many an old villager yet alive blesses her name for tons of coal, basins of soup, tit-bits of chicken and bottles of old port, which she used to distribute among the poor and needy with a free hand. Some of my happiest memories." he went on to say, "are of days when I helped to wheel her along in a bath chair on these errands of charity." HIS FATHER, who practised in the adjacent town of Cheadle, was a great horseman and ardent hunter, and he met his death when our subject was but five years old from injuries received after a fall from his horse which induced fever and other ailments. " Master Clement," as he was always called, was now left enitirely to his grand mother's care. But even at that early age he manifested a spirit of independence, and a desire to explore the wondrous little world around him. As years passed he caused endless anxiety by his prolonged periods of absence from home, and in spite of all the village stories of ghosts and " buggarts " he would persist in slipping away from vigilant nurses and exploring the Churnet valley woods and river, starting "Robinson Crusoe" camps among the pines, and performing all and sundry pranks. One of his FAVORITE RECREATIONS was robbing the poultry yard, and demolish ing the eggs raw at one gulp ; but his pet game was to capture his grandmother's best rooster and broody hen, and then, having carried them to the summit of one of the high rocks of the Bunter conglomerate that overhang the Churnet, he used to cast the unfortunate birds adrift and make them fly back to the yard from a height of some 200ft. Reared among this romantic scenery with its pine-clad crests, shady dells and mossy uplands he acquired a passionate love for the beauties of nature, and was always collecting specimens, so that by the time he had reached his tenth year he had a small museum of natural history and geology, con taining many rocks, plants, shells, eggs, &c.;, of his own gathering. His first initiation into the mysteries of meteorology took place at Oakamoor Lodge, where he daily studied an old dial barometer, and marvelled that when the needle pointed to "Rain," "Set Fair," or " Very Dry," the indications were not always verified. His EARLY EDUCATION was at Uttoxeter Grammar School, which he used to attend as a day scholar, travelling backwards and forwards by the North Staffordshire Railway. Becoming too ob streperous he was sent to the Grammar School as a permanent boarder, whereupon he promptly ran away. The first great sorrow occurred at the age of 12, when his grand mother was seized by a stroke of paralysis which culminated in her death shortly after wards. From this sad time a new epoch in life was entered. Kind uncles and aunts who imagined he had been "spoilt" at Oaka moor took him in hand and quickly adopted an opposite course of treatment, which was as speedily resented. He was removed to London and placed at a boarding school near the Crystal Palace, having previously enjoyed trips to the Welsh, eastern and southern coasts. But a new world was now opened up, and the FACULTIES OF MIND quickly evolved. Geography, map drawing and reading books of travel were always delightful pursuits, and in the former he far excelled every boy in the school. Constant visits to the Crystal Palace and its well- known Roman, Moorish and Pompeiian Courts developed a love for the antique, and he absolutely used to revel in the vege tation of the Tropical Department, which afterwards was destroyed by fire. During holiday time he lived with relatives at Ted- dington and soon became an expert oars man, nothing delighting him so much as an evening on the Thames. "At Nor wood," he says, " the classics were jambled down my throat to the exclusion of more useful subjects, and geography, with its kindred branches, was frequently studied as a pastime ; so also was astronomy, of which I was very fond, ' Dick's Solar System' being my favorite book." AT THE AGE OF 16 he was sent to study with thE Vicar of Launceston, "one of the jolly parsons, you know," to use his own words, "as parsons go, and the reverend gentleman, after reading a few odes of Horace, used to take me on his rounds, and afterwards allowed plenty of holidays, taking me to all the harvest festivals of the diocese and treating me, in fact, as a very son. With him I roamed the wild Cornish coast, and my love of travel and nature became stronger and more irresistible. " Nevertheless, he felt that he must have some profession, and after consulting with an uncle, THE LAW was decided upon. Removing, permanently as it was then thought, to London, he served a term of probation in Clifford's Inn, and was afterwards formally articled to a firm in New Square. London for a time had great attractions, and especially the his torical neighborhood of Fleet- street, "every inch of which I know," says our subject, "and how often in imagination have I walked with Dr. Johnson and dined with him at the famous Cock Tavern, my usual lunching- place." The slums always had a special attraction for him, so had the old bookstalls, and many a study of character has he made in Wych-street and Seven Dials, no less than in Regent circus and Belgravia. "My excellent relatives," continues our hero, " with whom I boarded at Teddington regarded me as a species of black sheep, and kept a tight rein ; so did the good vicar of the place, who, in order to keep me in proper trim, allotted me a class in Sunday school, but later on I found that I was teaching that which I did not understand myself. I was also a basso profundo in the choir, and having a great love for music this pleased me well enough. The old home always had an attraction, and occasional trips were taken to Staffordshire by the ' North- western ' and ' Midland.' The long vacations were spent ON THE CONTINENT of Europe," our subject soon asserting and maintaining his independence, France, Bel gium, the Ardennes and Switzerland being favorite hunting grounds. Paris was first visited soon after the horrors of the Com mune, and the impressions then received are life lasting. He satisfactorily passed the intermediate examination prescribed by the Incorporated Law Society, an threw off the yoke of his guardians, soon discovering that he had mistaken his profes sion. The luncheon hour and hours thereafter were now spent either in the British Museum or in the museum and operating theatre of St. Bartholomew's Hospital, a circle of medical students soon becoming an attraction despite the allure ments of afternoon tea and an occasional champagne dejeuner with his fellows in Lincoln's Inn. By arrangement with his firm he was granted special leave of absence, and immediately set out ON HIS TRAVELS, visiting Egypt, Syria and Palestine, includ ing Jerusalem, to which city he has been several times, India, Ceylon and Australia, returning via San Francisco, Salt Lake City, Niagara and New York. He had now all the passion for the sea and a roving life which characterises a lad of 14. Naviga tion henceforth claimed his attention, and whatever time he couid snatch from legal studies was spent at a certain well-known nautical academy in the Minories, working up courses, distances and sights with other items so familiar to the sailor. During this lime he hired a house at New Hampton, which he turned into a museum and where he used to entertain his friends a l'Arab and in various foreign styles. The natural sequel was that, having private means, he finaliy abandoned the law, gave up "Chitty on Contracts," " Williams's Real Properly " and "Smith's Manual of Equity," for " Norie's Epitome of Navigation;" he doffed the silk hat and frock coat for the cap and peajacket, and shipped as a mid- shipman in order to gain nautical experience, though, as he says, "I shall never regret the regime of Lincoln's Inn ; it was a good busi ness training in its way," His desire was to visit every part of the world, and to become a perfect traveller, following, however humbly, in the footsteps of the illustrious Humboldt. His wish was to be a skilful navigator as well as an in- trepid bushman. Later on we again find him IN AUSTRALIA, attached to a survey parly near Lake Tor- rens, as a still further experience, and after a course in the drawing-room of the South Australian Survey Office he was engaged under Mr. Joseph Brooks in examining and surveying the country adjoining the North-west Bend railway line, between Kapanda and Morgan. This work was very cougenial, and added largely to his know ledge and experience. During his second visit to Australia he married an Adelaide lady, daughter of the late Edward Thornton, solicitor, of that city, and this, as he says, "put an end to my visiting Kamschaika and exploring Tierra del Fuego, two of my pet schemes." He then returned to England with his wife, via South Africa, and it was during this trip in 1878 that he determined to give his life henceforth to SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH. . He chose meteorology as his special branch on account of its excessive fascination, and intended to study other lines of science as recreations. He settled down for a while in his old village, Oakamoor, in North Staffordshire, and forthwith estab lished a student's meteorological station, putting himself under the tuition and guidance of Mr. Robert Scott, F. R.S.,1 a director of the Meteorological Office, London, and the Royal Meteorological Society. The crude villagers, observing his close attention to the " weather gauges," as they called the instrumeuts, thought he was mad. He employed his leisure time for the next year in establishing the MUSEUM AT STAFFORD, a fine collection of natural history, geological and ethnographical specimens gathered by himself during his many journeyings, and in writing an account of his travels. Later on he classified the museum himself, following Cuvier's method in the Zoological Depart- ment, and illustrating Sir Charles Lych's elements in the geological division. The collec tion of shells is a special feature. The museum for a while was loaned to the corporation, but afterwards presented to the town and county of Stafford, on the condition that he was made a life trustee and remained honorary curator. So large was the collec tion that a special building was erected by the corporation, adjoining the borough hall, and it is now known as the "Wragge Museum." Mr. Wragge next established three meteorological stations at dif ferent heights in the Churnet Valley and moorlands of North Staffordshire, chiefly to investigate problems in clima- tology, one on Beacon Stoop on the Wever Hills, 1216ft, above sea, another near Alton Towers, some two miles distant from the former, at 640ft. above sea, and the third in the gorge of the Churnet Valley at Oaka moor, 350ft. above sea. Very valuable results were obtained re the problem attaching to increase of temperature with altitude. One instance may be cited. During the famous frost of January, 1881, the tem perature at 9a.m. on Beacon Stoop was 20 '7, at the midway station 16.4, and at the valley station 3.6, all simultaneous readings. In 1881 hearing that the Scottish Meteorologi cal Society desired observations from THE SUMMIT OF BEN NEVIS Mr. Wragge proposed to establish a station there with his own instruments and to climb the mountain daily in order to secure observations. The society, while doubting the sincerity of this singular offer, nevertheless accepted it. Accordingly by June 1, 1881, Mr. Wragge, who is very thin and exceedingly wiry, had placed his thermometers on the Ben and had commenced his daily ascents. At first there was no respite— day after day, in all weathers, in the teeth of howling gales and pelting rain he climbed to the summit, a height of 4406ft., leaving Fort William at 5 a.m. and reaching the top at 9 o'clock. During the first month of this tremendous undertaking no shelter of any kind was provided on the summit save that afforded by the lee sides of the rocks, but later the society provided a hut built of the mountain stone and roofed with ship's canvas. The work was entirely a labor of love, "and nothing fas cinated me more," says our subject, " than to be alone on the summit of that bleak mountain — alone with nature in all her grandeur." He soon found it necessary to train an assistant, who afterwards relieved his principal in the ascent twice a week. The daily uscents were coutinued till the winter storms and heavy snowdrifts rendered regularity in the climbing impracticable. "Oiten," says Mr. Wragge, " have I had to steer by compass to my instruments through blinding snowstorms and the thickest fog, not a landmark being visible. The winter was spent IN EDINBURGH in thE study of meteorology, under the kindly eye of Dr. Buchan, and in attending Professor Tait's lectures at the University. The society during this term presented Mr. Wragge with a gold medal specially struck in order to commemorate his work, a feat which produced most valuable scientific re sults, especially re the problem of vertical barometrical gradients. He also received the commendation of Sir William Thomson, which acted as a powerful stimulus. In 1882 he continued his work at Ben Nevis ; and reorganised it in 1883, when, having trained two assistants, whom he left in charge, he determined to return to Aus tralia, in consequence of his wife's delicate health and wish to revisit her native country. He came out in the Maranoa, and occupied the voyage, as on former occasions, in taking observations, studying navigation and CASTING ADRIFT BOTTLES to test the currents. It may here be men- tioned that some of these silent messengers have turned up, having travelled thousands of miles. On January 1, 1884, he estab lished the Torrens Observatory at Walkerville, near Adelaide, and afterwards started an observing station in connect lion therewith on the summit of Mount Lofty. These were entirely his own under takings, and were in no way connected with the South Australian Government, beyond the fact that in consideration of a railway pass between Mount Lofty and Adelaide he was expected to furnish copies of his obser vations to Sir Charles Todd. It was in South Australia while pursuing this observing work that he began to acquire the grasp of Australasian weather that he now possesses, and from Torrens Observa tory he issued his first forecasts, which were very successful, and which proved to be the birth of the general WEATHER FORECASTING service which now exists. In 1886 he founded th Meteorological Sociely of Australasia. Finding at length that with growing responsibilities he was no longer justified in continuing his researches to such an extent as before out of private means, which had necessarily suffered a considerable shrinkage, he became anxious to obtain employment under Govern ment. There was no opening in South Australia, but Queensland, through the late Sir Anthony Musgrave and Sir Samuel Griffith, generously stretched out the helping hand, which was thankfully grasped, especially as a large portion of his small family heritage had now become sunk in investments which gave, contrary to ex pectation, but a very poor yield. Queens land, at that time, had no real METEOROLOGICAL SERVICE, and he determined to throw all his energies into his new field of operation — to make Queensland the first meteorological colony of the group, or die in the attempt, not only from the pure love which he had for this work, but also in gratitude for the assistance now offered. Long ago, when plodding through the snows of Ben Nevis, and when he first contemplated settling in Australia, he had recognised the importance of a meteorological service in these colonies similar to that of the United States, and now was the opportu nity, and he meant to establish this ser vice and to make Brisbane the chief weather bureau of Australasia. He took up his official position at Brisbane on January 1, 1887, and by the end of that year had placed Queensland on a thoroughly sound meteorological footing and started the intercolonial weather forecasts. Whether his work has been successful or otherwise up to the present time our readers can judge for themselves. Suffice it to say that his operations now include all Australasia and surrounding seas ; and not only so, but twice each month he prepares weather charts embracing the entire region lying be tween latitudes 40deg. N. and 55deg. S., and longitudes 30deg. E., thence easterly to 130deg. W. Observers in the South Sea and Sandwich Islands, Japan, China, Malay Islands, India, Syria, Mauritius and Mada gascar generously supply data, and the figures for the oceans are kindly supplied by captains and owners of vessels, all the principal companies contributing, and to them his best acknowledgments are due. Via India he also obtains data from Burmah, Afghanistan, Persia, &c.; These charts, necessarily in arrear, are prepared for scientific study only, and with a view to investigating the long range or seasonal forecasting problem. The further investi gation of ocean currents has also been undertaken by the director of the weather bureau, papers having been prepared in eight languages and distributed among the shipping, with a request to captains to cast them adrift in tight y-corked bottles with the ship's position, and to finders to forward them to Brisbane. His latest work was to establish, under the auspices of the Queens land Government, an international meteoro logical service with NEW CALEDONIA He visited that island in 1891, and also last year, on the completion of the cable, ar ranged for observations at Noumea and started a new station at Gomen. The re- sult is that complete data are now cabled to Brisbane twice each day from the places named, and the figures are of the greatest value in framing the forecasts for Eastern Australia. In return for the generous as sistance of the French Government Mr. Wragge regularly issues forecasts for New Caledonia and adjacent waters, a great novelty for the people of that island, and these have been so successful that he has been publicly thanked by the local press. The observations in Queensland are taken by post and telegraph officers whom he has specially instructed, and who perform those extra duties most satisiactorily. He has four assistants, Mr. Archibald W. Anderson, whom he calls his "first mate," and three juniors, all of whom he has himself trained to the special duties required of them. They all take a keen interest in their work, and he is very proud of HIS STAFF. In 1891 he attended on behalf of Queens land the International Meteorological CONFERENCE AT MUNICH, where many matters of great importance to meteorologists were discussed. The mem- bers of the conference, comprising all the principal nationalities, were very much gratified at the advance of meteorology in Australasia. This gave him an opportunity of revisiting old scenes — Stourbridge, the Churnet Valley, his museum at Stafiord and Ben Nevis, besides the countries of Western Europe, where he inspected the principal ob- servatories. Mr. Wragge's private residence is " Capemba," situated at Taringa, three miles from Brisbane. In 1888 he bought the land, a rocky schistose ridge covered with eucalyptus scrub, erected the house, an Indian bungalow, and forthwith determined to make " the desert smile," following the example of Lord John, one of the Earls of Shrewsbury. In his leisure time he laid out the grounds and planned the whole concern, working vigorously with pick and shovel himself as a rest, as he terms if, after his meteorological work. The result is that Capemba Gardens are now famous. They form A TROPICAL PARADISE, palms innumerable, bananas, ferns and beau tiful flowering shrubs blending in one har monious whole. In fact, the entire garden is as a gem of the tropics, and beyond the fence is still the dull glaucous-tinted gum-scrub. At Capemba also is Mr. Wragge's private observatory, astronomical and meteorological, and from there special or supplementary forecasts and weather advices are issued by wire after the chief weather bureau has been closed for the day. The telescope is a fine equatorial, by Wray, of London. Capemba also boasts a museum, which is gradually approaching the extent of the one at Stafford. As a result of his travels throughout Queensland, and amongst the islands on inspection duty and field work we find one of the finest collections of abori ginal weapons in the colony, cases of shells and GEOLOGICAL SPECIMENS, preserved snakes and other venomous things, besides a fine collection of pictures and photographs, and osteological and anthropological items embracing hideous- looking native skulls which grin at the guest as he takes his seat at table. In this article oniy the merest outline has been given of our subject's career. He has kept voluminous journals, and his life has been one of most singular experience, work and adventure in many climes— a full account of which would occupy volumes. He considers that life on this beautiful planet is an inestimable privilege, and one that should be turned to the very best account. He abhors conventionalities, and in studying the pnenomena of nature trusts in nature's god. In 1875, on the recommendation of Mr. Clements Markham, C. B., and the late Sir Bartle Frere, K.C. M.G., He was elected a FELLOW OF THE ROYAL GEOGRAPHICAL SOCIETY. He is also a Fellow of the Royal Meteoro logical Society, the Scottish Meteorological Society and the Royal Society of Queens land ; honorary member of the North Staf fordshire Naturalists' Field Club and honorary corresponding member of the Royal Scottish Geographical Society. Last, but not least, he rejoices in eight children — five boys and three girls — and his eldest son can already state the laws of weather and advise his schoolfellows of the approach of an " Epsilon." 