MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC NOTES. To-day tho Théâtre Libro of Paris completes its seventh year of tho existence it owes to André An- toine. Opinions differ os to tho influence of this Free Theatre npon French dramatic art, but all are agreed aa to tho talont of ita founder, and as to the originality of the best of the wonts produced under his auspices. In seven years M. Antoine has staged 300 new pieces at a coat of only £3000-au achieve- ment rendered possible hy tho gratuitous ser- vice of the artists who appear at tho theatre. London also has its "Independent Theatre," though, excepting George Moore's " Strike at Arlingford " and Dr.. Todhunter's "Blackcat," tho pieces worthy of notice have been entirely from foreign sources. This has not been tho case in Paris, many of the leading playwrights of the day amongst the younger section having first become known at the Theatre Libre. The first performance was held in a small concert-room in La Sallo do l'Elysée dos Beaux Arts at tho ond of March, 1887, and consisted of four one-act pieces. One of these, Hennique'e adaptation of Zola's short story, " Jacques d'Amour," at once created a sensation. M. Poroli who had only just refused the piece, im- mediately accepted it for the Odcon, so that M. Antoine's new artistic enterprise scored a success at tho ontsct- Madamo Bolloc gives the stage history of "Jacques d'Amour," which appears to have been fouuded upon a medicoval French ballad outitlcd "Brave Marin." This old ballad inspired Tonnyson with " Enoch Arden," had been used by Balzac in " Lo Colonel Chabert," and enabled Sarah Bernhardt to crcato a pathetic character in Thuriot's "Jean Mario." Besides "Jacques d'Amour," Theo- dore Banville's "Le Baisar," since added to the repertoire of tho Française, and Edmond de Gon çourt's adaptation from his famous novel, " Sour Philomène," are enrolled amongst tho permanent successes of the enthusiasts who worked, and are working, for art's sake. The first of the foreign pieces produced was Tolstoi's " Puissance des Ténèbres," aud then Verga, tho greatest living Italian novelist, was drawn upon for a new version of " Cavalleria Rusticana ;" to this followed "Li* Revenants " (" Ghosts ") and " Lo Canard Sauvage" ("Tho Wild Duck "), with the result that two other French versions of Ibsen's plays (" A Doll's House " and " Hedda Gabbler ") were shortly after produced upon tho regular stage. Tho history of tho young man who heads tho Parisian movement for pieces which show genius bat have " littlo money in them " will remind Sydney playgoers of the lifo of Albert Dormont, the young actor whose Marc Antony Cleo- patra ") so delighted Sydney aud afterward; Landau audiences. Darmont at 7 years of ago hawked groundsel, crying daily-"Mouron pour les petits oiseaux" through the streets of Paris, and in his teens spent his working hours in a factory and his leisure in spout- ing verses and haunting tho theatres. Antoino, in the'samo way, had everything against him. He was born at Limoges 3.0 years ago, and began life as office boy at a gas fuctory. At night he saw all the now pieces, not by paying at the door, hut as super. Unliko Darmont, who was backed by a wealthy patron and entered the Pans Conservatoire, Antoine, at 18 years of age, failed to win entrance to that in- stitution ; yet, like Darmont, ho is a fine actor, so that de Banville said ot his Btyle, "Je n'ai rien vu de plus beau ni de plus complet depuis Frederick Lemaitre." Tho subjeot of this eulogy mado his mark whilst earning £60 a year in an office- for ba seems to have allied industry with exceptional artistic talent, and never neglected his work. In evory way, in fact, the career of M. Antoine is remarkable. At the same time the in- fluence of the theatre ho directs has not been entirely good. More than ono outrage upon decency and good tasto has been perpetrated, than which no mora deadly blows could be struck at a movement in itself praiseworthy. Alphonso Baudot is one of tho30 who havo pointed out the offence committed by these "excesses of so-c&Uod; realism." For other reasons M. Sarcey and many other of the more conservative critics wholly renounce tho "Libro" and all its works. Mr. Thornton's section of the Arnold-Thornton Comedy Company had a tempestuous passage to Adelaide, which they did not reach until nearly noon last Saturday. The receipts for " Charley's Aunt " on Easter Eve wore only £1 less than at the Sydney Critonon on Boxing Night, whilst on Eostor Monday tho attendance at tho Adelaide Theatre Royal is said to havo established a record for the city. Tho figures with which Mr. Arnold furnished us when " Char- ley's Aunt " was first produced hore havo boen amply verified by recent disclosures in tho London law courts. A Miss Sheridan, who has just boon awarded £750 damages for tho alleged loiluro of Mr. Hartmont, a city financier, to complete his agreement with her in connection with " Charley'« Aunt," has elicited that the enterprising money-lender's £1000 on loan ha« returned him £20,000 cash. Mr. Penley, the actor, and Mr. Brandon Thomas, the author, were both statod to have mado a comfortable fortune out of tho piooo during ita 15 months' run in London and the provinces, and the net profita still coming in were estimated at from £500 to £600 a week. Mr. Arthur Roberta hos been callod to order by the Lord Chamberlain and the F. O. for gibing at tho Khodivo in the new Gaiety burlesque, "Don Juan." The comedian's reply is, " They can kill in» ii they like, bat I arnst get « laugh out oí so»«. thing." Possibly Slr. Roberta thinks that oommitt to the Tower might have a glorious effect upon th box-office receipts, as a bold and original advei tieement. At any rate, the Khedive incident has nc been deleted. It was morely altered a little. Instca of the miniature Khedivo grudgingly and sulloul tendering a comio anology for his remarks upon th army, what happens is this : An army consisting c two knockknoed supers is paraded beforo him, an he says, " I don't Uko the marching of thi ; battalion so well'as that of the others," to which Mi Willie Ward, as General Kitchener, emphasising hi threat with a comio twist of tho leg, says, " Then resign." Upon thia Mr. .Arthur Roborts interfere! and says, " Como, gentlemen, can't we arrango thi little matter ? Can't wa-er-Kitchener, range it ? ' thia being the little joke. Whereupon tho Genera says, " I withdraw my resignation," and tho littl call-boy says, " And I withdraw my observation,' and Arthur Roberts, patting tho littlo follow on th head, doctores the entente cordiale to bo reestab lished. A spectacular melodrama, " La Tresor des Rad jabs," in five acts and 14 scenes, is drawing crowd to the Chatelet, Pans. Ono sensational effect con sists in an (apparent) attack upon tho hero by twi lions. Tho beasts aro really encaged, but the jung! is so woll arranged, and the cage so spacious, thu they appear to be at largo. The alliance bitweoi the French troops and tho Rajah is celebrated (say: the AV« correspondent) by a dazzling march pas of th» Rajah's army, horse and foot, followed by n procession of dignitaries mounted on camels, if you please ; then appears the Rajah in a gorgeoui palanquin, borue by two large elephants ; a thirc elephant also figures in theohow, anti wo should havi seen two others if they had not died of sca- sicknesi during a rough passage from Newhaven to Dieppe hut week. When Signor Sonzogno withdrew Cowen'i " Signa " from La Scala, ha Btated that it wai bscause the opera was tediously long and, in oneword a failure. Thon Mr. Cowou flooded the Londot press with long letters complaining that the with- drawal was duo to jealousy, &c;, &c.; The principal papers sided with tho local favourito in the matter, and finally in tho rush of events tho whole affair beeline forgotten. This being thus, the following from Figaro will ba read with somo amusement : "Mr. Cowan's 'Sigua,' which was originally in four acts, hos now boen reduced to two. An act waa lopped off at Milan, and now, at tho suggestion of the manager, prior to its porformanco next summer at Covent Garden, the piece has been re- constructed in two acts. One-act operas at present, howover, aro now moro popular ovon than those iu two." Dr. A. C. Mackenzie, Principal of. the Royal Academny of Music, splinters a lance in defence ol composers, who, if they repeat a single known phrase, are accused of plagiarism. Hs remarks : " When ono considors that the wholo of music ia founded on but twelve sounds-which is surely but scanty material to work upon-tho difficulties of original composition will be better understood. In starting to write, a composer ho3 only a blank page before him : he cannot copy nature as an artist can, even though he may find nature inspiring ; poetry and tho drama, too, are inspiring, but tho musician has nothing material to re-producs, oven though all theso ern strong motive powers. The musician must find both subject and treatment within his own mind. Few think o£ this." Miss Jennie Lee, who opened her provincial tour at Bathurst, where she has played her repertoire during the past week, opons her season in Western Australia, at Perth, next May. Miss Leo will play for six weeks in the chiof cities there, and will thou sail for England. Mr. J. P. Burnett, who lately left for London hy tho Ophir, is now arranging Miss Lee's tour through the English proviaces, which will begin in September. Mr. Charles Dickens, son of the famous author, " connected with theatres as student and critio since boyhood," and a popular journalist, has been ap- pointed literary adviser and private secretary to Mr. George Alexandor, of the St. James's Theatre Mr. Comyns Carr, another well-known critic, filled the same post for Mr. Beerbohm Tree until he took up management on his own account at the Comedy. Playgoers will regret to hcarof thc serious illness of that clever soubrette actress Miss Alice May. Miss May's chief impersonation sinco she left Sydney was that of the name part in "Cinders," ia whioh sho made a great hit whilst on tour with tho Maclean Norman Company. In to-night's production of the new piece Miss Pollio Emery will appear as tho little waif. Miss Florence Young has boen replacing Miss Stewart at the Princess's Thcatro as Yvonne, but the latter is now resuming her original role with renewed health. Mr. Laurie aud Mr. Cnurtncidge have dono but moderately woll as Bouillabaisse and the Insect respectively, but Mr. Gourlay is said to ropeat hu former success as Trocudero. ' Mr. Mauuel Garcia, tho brother of Malibran aud Viordot, and tho instructor of Jenny Lind and Cothonne Hayos, nt tho age of 90. still conducts his classos at tho Royal Academy of Music. The new Boyal College of Music, the gift of Mr. Samson Fox, is being erected behind tho Albert Hall, and will be opened by the Queen in May. Miss Lalla Miranda, tho Victorian soprano, takes her benefit in Melbourne next Saturday, prior to her departure for Europe. Mascagni has now finished a new opera, " Romano d* Etretat," in one act and two tableaux. 