Mildura Revisited. I. THE POLITICAL HISTORY. CHARACTER OP THE SOIL. (Contributed.) During the past five or six years Mildura has probably attracted more attention than any other centre of agricultural development in Australia. The experiment has been watched with interest in every colony, and al- though far out of the beaten track, the Chaffey Irrigation Settlement has been visited by dozens of distinguished strangers, including the Governors of four provinces, backed up by bishops and play actors, and a perfect army of politicians and globe trotters. The praise bestowed has been most gener- ous, and practically unanimous. Only the other clay there assembled in this town of rapid progress experts in agri- culture gathered from all the corners of Australasia, and a perusal of their speeches and subsequent records of their impressions would almost lead one to believe that at last a modern Eden had been established complete in every particular, bar the ophi- dian reptile. Before I started to this wonderful El Dorado I was fortunate enough to meet a Mildura settler, whom I had known there in days gone by, and remembering his glowing pro- phecies, I naturally thought that he had come down to the city like the squatter did of old, and still do, ac- cording to Max O'Rell, to spend a good big cheque won by honest toil from a generous soil. He quickly dis- pelled my illusion though, and without recounting the whole of the conver- sation, suffice to say that I took to heart his injunction to keep my mis- sion secret, if I wished to get at the truth concerning Mildura. "Every- one," he said, "cracks up the place because they want to sell out, and one can't blame them if they do lie a bit to help they boom the settlement, and then they might get a chance to clear." Pretty strong language this, thought I, from a man who had the pick of thousands of acres of this cultivator's paradise, and who, after spending four years on a 20-acre block, had come to New South Wales with the remnant of his resources to buy an orchard off which to make a living for his wife and family. It was obviously not fruit-growing that that man was sick of-it was Mildura; and his utter- ances suggested that this new Eden was complete even to the serpent. They contrasted strangely with the glowing opinions of governors and prelates; but the knowledge that they were based ou a long experience gave them a weight which the opinions of the others, to my mind, always lacked. To describe the journey to Mildura would only be to do what dozens of others have done. When Christie Murray went there four years ago he set the example of waxing enthusi- astic over the beauties of the river, and with an imagination which even the most ardent admirers of Mildura must have envied, he compared it to the Rhine! As an excuse for jour- nalistic padding, it is, no doubt, very useful, for it undoubtedly has many beauty spots along its banks. It has something else along its banks, and that is tens of thousands of pounds' worth of splendid timber destroyed by pastoral tenants under ring- barking permits granted at ministerial discre- tion. It is a tedious journey, and a long one; but I found the time slip rapidly by, for I was busily engaged in perusing a sheaf of papers of which I had become possessed bearing on THE POLITICAL HISTORY OF MILDURA. The promoters of the scheme—"fa- thers of the settlement," as their ad- mirers delighted to call them—were Messrs. G. and W. B. Chaffey, who first arrived in Victoria in 1S86, fol- lowing close on the heels of Mr. Al- fred Deakin, who in those halcyon days of boom expenditures had visited the remote corners of the earth, to in- quire into systems of irrigation as practised alike by the Egpytian fellah, and the more advanced colony promo- ters of California. The descendants of the Pharaohs were presumedly not captivated by the Victorian emissary. At all events, they did not invade that colony as the pioneers of a mission which was to convert its mallee wil- derness into fruitful farms, but, as I have indicated above, this deficiency in enterprise was more than com- pensated for by the arrival of the Chaffeys, who opened up simultaneous negotiations with several colonies for an aggregate area of about 600 square miles of territory. In New South wales it did not come off. In Vic- toria, however, the Gillies-Deakin Ad- ministration was in power. The lat- ter gentleman was wedded to the gos- pel of irrigation, a matrimonial alli- ance which has given birth to many .financial disasters, and thrown on to the hands of the Victorian taxpayer a dozen or more starveling offspring in the shape of "national headworks," "main channels," &c.;, for which the irrigation districts affected are utterly unable to pay. With such a friend at court the Chaffeys task was obviously easy enough as far as the Government was concerned, but when Mr. Deakin approached Parliament with a propo- sal to hand over to these two ambi- tious gentlemen a quarter of a million acres of land, together with a preemp- tive water right, he was met with an opposition which, for sustained vigor, has seldom been equalled in the annals of Australian parliaments. Open char- ges of corruption were hurled at the Ministry by Gaunson, Bent, Shiels, and others, the former declaring that "no grosser fraud had ever been attempted against the people of Victoria." Mr. Shiels, who has since said that Vic- toria has had enough of Ministers "who chew their meat with dentists' teeth," is evidently fond of dental il- lustrations, for he warned the House that "it must be remembered that the Messrs. Chaffey came from a land where men cut their wisdom teeth at a very early age." One member condemned the proposals as a political job of the first magnitude, exclaiming that if the agreement were understood "it would be scouted from one end of the colony to the other." This utter- ance is especially interesting, in view of the fact that this gentleman shortly afterwards joined forces with the Chaf- feys, and became one of the principal assigners of their rights and privile- ges under this "iniquitous agreement." However the Messrs. Chaffey ente- red into occupation of 250,000 acres of land, together with a transferable right to divert the waters of the Mur- ray, as far as such a right could be conferred by Victoria. The contract with the Crown is known as The indenture of May, 1887. It is without doubt the Magna Charta of the Mil- dura settler. Read through and thro- ugh, it appears to be all that could be desired, and its comparative strin- gency was due not to the design of the Ministry, but to the insistence of the Opposition. The provisions are many, and to recount them at the pre- sent stage would be redundant, and I need only outline their general tenor. The primary object of the grant was to establish an irrigation colony. In- stead of paying cash for the land, the Chaffeys contracted to do certain things, the most important being the making of the necessary works, which were to be "the best adapted for pur- poses of irrigation." The duty of see- ing that the contract was carried out, and that this specification was at- tained, was imposed on Mr. Deakin as Minister of Water Supply, and inas- much as the Chaffeys, "before com- mencing any work for the diversion of water from the said river" were bound "to submit plans to the Minis- ter for his approval, modification, or rejection," it is not too much to say that Mr. Deakin, aided as he was by the permanent professional staff of his department, held the future of Mildura in the hollow of his hand as far as that future rested on the pri- mary design and engineering details of the scheme. Among other provi- sions, the Chaffeys were bound to carry on the business of fruit preser- vers and canners; to build, equip, and endow an agricultural college; to make such roads as the Minister might di- rect; and to maintain in good repair the irrigation works. Provisions for the necessary excisions of the natural- ly irrigable river flats were inserted, and on the face of it the contract seemed to warrant Mr. Deakin's boast that he would defy anyone to point to a single clause which could be used to the detriment of the Crown. In principle, however, the making of this huge grant, which comprised one out of every 60 acres of land which was not permanently reserved or alie- nated by sale and selection, was a wide departure from the liberal policy of the country, and the indenture it- self leaves far too much to the discre- tion and inclination of the Minister, a defect which has been disastrous to Mildura, and conveys a lesson which should be studied by every man in New South Wales. Settle the people on the land! was the cry. Irrigate the mallee waste shrieked Deakin and Dow, and it is an evidence of the reckless method of boom legislation, from the reaction of which Victoria now suffers, that the Chaffeys were placed in possession of this enormous territory without being called upon to show even the £20 that a New Zea- land immigrant must now carry in his pocket. This financial aspect of the question was bitterly debated. Mr. Bent said that the Chaffeys would syndicate the concession, but Mr. Dea- kin retorted that they could not do so, and that if they tried it on he ses of the bond. The Chaffeys them- selves denied that such was their in- tention, but they apparently quickly changed their minds, for I have be- fore me the articles of association of Chaffey Brothers, Limited, under which I notice with interest the di- rectors are authorised to issue to these two gentlemen from the land of early wisdom teeth scrip to the value of £200,000. THE TOWNSHIP OP MILDURA, has been photographed and described ad nauseam. It has no very beauti- ful features; no very ugly ones. In the surveying of it the Chaffeys made their first mistake, and it is inconcei- vable to me what they thought they were doing when they cut up three or four hundred acres into pocket handkerchief allotments 30ft by 140ft. Surely with 250,000 acres at their dis- posal they might have given a man a chance to stretch his legs without getting his feet over his neighbor's fence. I shall hardly be believed when I state that the Government made no reserves for public purposes, and that the people of Mildura paid the domi- nating monopoly £400 for a piece of land with a 90ft frontage on which to build a mechanics' institute. It is true, however, and what is worse, it is equally true that the land on which the hospital and Church of England is built was bought at an enormous figure from the same source. When a cemetery became necessary, the pow- ers that be were approached by the shire council, and a 10-acre block was offered at the upset price of £200. To get this, and other land required for public purposes, a special act was passed, by which the indenture was modified to the enormous advantage of the Chaffeys, they giving up a few acres of their grant. I have seen the papers in connection with these mat- ters, and I am satisfied of the absolute correctness of my statements. The principal thoroughfare is Deacon Ave- nue, the bye-ways being named after other politicians and departmental heads, who assisted the Chaffeys in carrying out the work. The popula- tion I cannot assess, because since the date of the census it has dimin- ished by several hundreds. Mildura, by-the-bye, is a prohibition place. In 1886 Mr. Deakin thought so much of water that a special act was passed prohibiting the sale of liquor in Mil- dura, which has been advertised all over the world as a "temperance colo- ny." It was a bit of special le- gislation, an experiment in sociology in the mallee which may be called the back yard of Victoria, and like all special legislation I ever heard of, it was class legislation. The man who has £1 in his pocket can send to Melbourne and obtain a four-dozen case of beer, and the skipper on the boat told me that he had often taken 40 and 50 such cases in a single trip. To the working man who cannot af- ford the £1, and has no inclination to actually swim in the beer, only re- quiring an occasional drink, the law says "you shall not have it," and re- belling against the manifest injustice of such glaring inconsistency, the son of toil quickly responds to the wiles of the sly grog-seller. Illicit whiskey dealing has reached a fine art in Mil- dura. Year after year there have been repeated raids, and I hear of men and women arrested by the dozen. Even now there are several in Bendigo Gaol, and many others rapidly qualifying for the position. Sir Joseph Abbott, the Speaker of the New South Wales Assembly, was there the other day, and before leaving he placed on re- cord in the press his opinion that there is more drunkenness in Mildura than any other township he is acquainted with. From Sir Joseph this means a good deal, for in the Assembly he represents Wentworth, the nearest New South Wales township, the inha- bitants of which enlightened borough are rather famous for the patriotic manner in which they contribute to the revenue through the excise and li- quor duties. They have clubs in Mil- dura, but these are for the black coat, and not for the moleskin, which still has to sneak into the back yard of Chinese hovels and pay a big price for a small drink, while itinerant bag- men, politicians, and pressmen, who declare their mission, are elected hon- orary members of these law-evading clubs. All this sort of thing may be prohibition, but it is neither sense nor justice. THE SOIL OF MILDURA varies very much in character. Some is a stiff red clay, but the greater area is a greyish to black loam, intersper- sed with nodular limestone, and origi- nally covered with mallee. Across the settlement undulating belts of red san- dy soil occur, and while in some places it is liable to drift before the high winds, which are a prominent climatic feature of the district, this is undoubt- edly the best of the three classes of soil. A prominent, and to my mind absolutely fatal feature of the typical mallee soil is the enormous quantity of alkaline salts it contains. As far as I am aware, this drawback has never been men- tioned before, although for years it must have been a distinctive feature of the place, and its effects are mani- fest on every side. As a matter of fact, the subsoil of the whole mallee district of Victoria is full of these salts, and in some places in Mildura it crops up on the surface in great quantities. A special reporter of the "Bendigo Advertiser." who travel- led the district at the beginning of the present year, nearly died with thirst with water all around him, and he recorded that for over a hundred miles along the route of the proposed railway to Mildura every waterhole and lake was salt as the dead sea. This evil feature is aggravated in Mil- dura by irrigation. The explanation undoubtedly is, that the water sink- ing to the subsoil becomes saturated with these soluble salts, and then ris- ing to the surface by capilliary attrac- tion the water is evaporated, leaving the salt on the surface. As to the area affected already, it would be hard to give exact data, but it is many hundreds of acres, which are daily being increased. In some places it gives a saline taste to the grapes, and wherever you sink a hole in the irrigated mallee you come to salt water. This is no exag- gerated description. It is, I am fully aware, in strange contrast to the hi- therto published reports, but it is the record of my actual observation, and I challenge any man to gainsay me. In places, so much of these salts have been brought to the surface that it lies like snow on the ground, and I have in my notebook the name of more than one man whom it has ruined. It kills the grass, it kills the trees and vines, and what is far, far worse, it has killed all hope in scores of honest men, who went into the far off mallee wilderness with an ample stock of that attribute which is said to spring eternal in the human breast. I am informed that the attention of the Ag- ricultural Department was called to this matter years ago, but nothing whatever has been done, and the mat- ter has been ignored by the local pa- pers. It has been suppression, sup- pression, all through, and wherever I go in the Mildura of to-day, I see the ghost of salt stalking through the groves forboding a ruin which, to me, is an absolute certainty. Even with- in the boundary of the present occu- pied area salt lakes and salt marshes exist, and it may well be asked how dared the Government permit the es- tablishment of Mildura in a locality where good soil, the first element of success, is the exception rather than the rule. There are some fine orch- ards, it is true, and indeed it would be a pity if there were not, when I see on every side evidence of enor- mous expenditure on the part of the settlers. My friend was right though; every man wants to sell, and the fig- ures quoted by the land agents give evidence of a tremendous collapse in prices. Some do not wait to sell, but just abandon their holdings, which gradually pass out of cultivation, and others just camp around, full of a dead despair, and calmly wait for the foreclosure notice which is inevitable. Next to good soil, the irrigation works were the most important element in the Mildura scheme, and a descrip- tion and critical analysis of their capacities must be left to my next letter. (To be continued.) 