THiï torn A • MONK ÏXÎSTKS. - Author of " Saves oî ÏWe," *' A 3Tm»r>» M01 ' '-3îièWkitçGi)p«frARtluwX^wv'iM. jjj OHAFTEB XUI.—(CoNTiwyCT.I, C-; Siw» that laat meeting SHadraohl»«âl»ea r «^«.ffimr >iîn brain* to AffMB «—e metho «I eetaHfcaiiiJg hfaymlUeaœess, ud he had almostàeàâeSAÇca» Vhe course lis would jbom, f%at pian "was to be m follows— Whea Saturday arrived he would'go to the doq^iMa açd induce him to go with'&i;ïm to h. Mi™ to«ii. There be would be able to intiodaoe Mr lieade to any number of people -irfao krmy n?m Tntimat^y, and would tetiîf thai be |jna uam&medbo; fa* as their know ^^ÂjJ^&eto; faissupposed iwSsioe in New- «astle-under-Lyire and his alleged marriage tb*sre the vicar could toaakehisown inveeti- «itirma other toyjourneying there or by âimitnie inquiries to be - nUdebythe r loca *nthoritie80f that town- The young miner 'was engrossed in thëse «peculations when th« nightfereman walked vpoc the pit tank, and,£au8ing new the «halt, cried pleaaantîy, "Now, chape, are yo* ready? It's afte -«sight o'clock. Then he shouted to the €mgine •tenter, "Draw the cage up, Sherrington, •crwd lad." The large cage was drawn «lowly np to th landing plate*, the night-iuen ; ifot in one by '«ne, the firemanfollowed last of all, and then lie gave the signal to deaoénd, and the iron ^atruetore with its freight ofliving beings fel down the dark Aait *vnth the w^dity ol an ^lyw^lltheTwing. ,' "'y . •-'. Hntil •^wppw^tattBfeiiroiwtînfffw; ^ator^îs obnceriral Tnrrgned withont break or înrfctent of any kind worth ' mentioning. " ' *' ' By a singular eomcidenea neither of the anen had a drawer that night ; each waa working alone, and save themselves not a sou)-vas in thatpartof the mine. South - worth had dismissed Ms drawer in a fit of anger only a couple of days ago, .and little Jack Bimson was absent from work owing t ^iHnese.- Therefore, both pitmen had to waggon th coal to the shnnt after hewing it,&8 old miners will understand. Shortly after twelve o'clock the night fir man had passed through the places on hia customary visit of inspection, and, after a •word or two with Sh&drach; had gone his- -way. And as the official disappeared alongside the edge of the goaf which led into David SouthWorth's place Deans threw down hia pick and proceeded to have Lis " jackbit." As he Bat there on the small heap of slac -am aching his cheuse and bread, which he •washeddown with cold tea, be could hear the clear ring of ijouthworth's spu^e upan the bard flooras he filledhia " tub." That little fact turned Deane's thoughts in -a direction They had not taken of late days, •and.«ben be came to think of it U seemed rather singular. How was is he wondered that he had neve until that moment dreamed of connecting hie rival with the appearance of the Etrange •woman in Amberswood ? She©ou Id have interest in parting him and - Nannie, but Southworth had every reason to deare such «consommation. Was it not posgiKe—nay. was it not even probfthla— that l>2,vid SoutawcrthwaBtheunseen power which had urged Mary Worthington to do her villainous work 7 The thought that it might be so made Shadrach's blood boil with righteous wrath, and he resolved 10 charge hi foe with his villainy ere the night was spent. With that resolution in hiB mind he .finished his rough and ready meal and went back to tha lace oï coal, pondering how he wbb to begin his conversation with Southworth when they met. That meeting and conversion were nearer at band than Shadrach dreamed. Even at that moment the Fates were bringing him And his deadly enemy together. Deane had not been at work many minutes before he heard someone crawling up tue sid of the goaf which stretched between his 4>Iace and that of Southworth's, and thinking it was the nicfht foreman returning he «implycontinued "holing." But presently the scrambling noise ceased, «ad a voice—the voice of David Southworth —-was heard asking in a quiet matter of fact tone, as if a wrong word had never been exchanged between himself and Deane : " "Hallo theer, Shudrach ; han' yo* getten a prop to give me I The roof is a bit rotten yonder, and ah couldn't findauny props in the shunt." " You'll find a prop or two in the drawing' road if you want 'em," Shadrach replied OB he recovered trom his surprise and resumed his work. A minute later he saw David in the drawing road, and then he suddenly resolved to have the matter out with him at thsX moment, Southworth," he said, quietly, as he cas •down his pick, and went into the drawing road, "wait a moment. I want to speak to you." " What k it, Shadrach?"* the other replied, Btni regaining hia former suavity of manner and tone, " How is it, Southworth, that you cannot let me and Miss Wilson alone n " What's up now ?" You know—be a man for once and adm "what I know to be true." Well, what is it ?" " Why did you get that woman to swear to îïannïe that she was my wife, when you know it was an infamous lie ?" " I know nothing of the woman !" David cried, but with a look on his face that belied his words. "What woman are you fa^ng about?" " You know—your face gives the lie direc to your denial. But your scheme will fail after all !" Shadrach cried, passionately. 4 1 " WiU it Z" Southworth exclaimed, hotly. We'll see about that." "We Bhall, and if yon do not get the wom&n; to withdraw all she has said, I shall take proceedings against yon both for slander. I mean it, by heave a I do ! " What do I care for you and yonr law ! Yon and it may go to blazes for all I care." *' If you get sent to gaol von will perhaps alter your opinion, my lad!" said Shadrash, bitterly. "Send me to gaol, would you ?" Southworth muttered, white-faced now with m&d; rage and jealousy. "Corse yon, take that !" His great clenched fist shot out, and -«truck Shadrach on the head, sending him -spinning to the floor. But Deane was not hmg proatrate. That savage blow from his toe had converted the ordinarily peaceful man into a madman. With a hoarse oath he sprang to his feet, P»cted np a bar of iron that lay within reach, and ran at Southworth with murder m his eyes and heart. For the moment the «evil had possession of bis eoul. ^ When the man who had struck the first Wow Baw his maddened rivalrashine at him with that deadly weapon in his hands he tamed tail «id tried to fly. But he was too late. Ere he had taken xnore than a couple of strides Shadrach was npon him, and the crow-bar had descended on his head with a sickening thud, and be «raHhed like a slain bull to the earth, and lay then dumb and bleeding. • 'Hie murderous rage fledfrom Shadrach's heart as qiâckly as it had flamad up when he saw the vi- tun of his uncontrollable wrath stretched ont before him ; and •with a bursting h» art Lç sank be lid e' the prostrate and lifeless body, wailing. V My God 1 My God ! I have killed Km ; I am a murderer now ! What ehafl Ido? What shall I do ?" Era of Paet L jPART II.—THE ISLE OF GOLD. CHAPTER I.—^HE Waikanoota RUSH. " Here we are, lads. Down with the tra -and let's mark oat our claim !" The speaker was one of a party of three men who had just arrived at Waifcanoota Grily, a rock-bound valley lying about "twBnty miles eastward of HoV^ka, the capital of Westlaad County, New Zealand. lie, and his oompaniona vera gold diggers, a •ad only ttifct morning had they thrown up d an old and unprofitable tîlaim some miles x ajraya&d; joined in the rush fcoWaikaaooh Gtuty, where, rumor eaid, that gold was to a Iwaooopedxt "All right, Sepfo," ooa ^ tbe firat t «gnakwV-«j>mManaWered. "Shall Vreunload the mnle here? What toot do von n f ^•ncy, old ma ?' . p " Jlei»—right bace, Granly," the «nan w addrwBed an Seph /tépUed, h he «Unoed d »nmndhim.««^i5Bi g ri f!^ti Il tbe 0 e u tMof Om^iiIA, and the «fluvial wfll he at ito h tinrawt hereabouts, me dee 1 knowsottiîsg t ofçold aiggmg,. IJnlaad "tha «aie, and m withtheegeattJaae." - Seph% comrades needed«m W&ng; to do the work wkieh Uy Unaa&iMbBlj; beta» theœa j^aring the past te* murrtfcï fortune baift no ion,\; )HUfi othéfjîtaiowd c might d come up and eelSoted. Bo tiiw bH set to work £o nnload the «pïmaT Khich bore fheir- tools, tent and othe belongingfi, and îchile they are ap employed, a glanoe may be taken of their Eur roundmes. Waikanoota Golly was a roak-bound valley half a hundred yards wide, and abou y a mile and three quarter* long..; Thousand* -of years before- the-Stony eorge had been carved oat by- one or another of the Titan ioroee of natore- . Along the gulch ran a narrow stream crystelly. -ele&r; ajid iiy oold, which was fed l in equu proportions by the frequent xainfe andthicimistBand-thewatOTofthemelting glaoîarn which gathered eterpally at the heaa of Mount Coot and hia brother mountauia, and slid for ever -at their foefc. The odes of ,tha jgplly wire almost sheer r walla of rock, which rose for hundreds of feet, ledge after ledge, like grea£«tepe that had led to thecfnmxatg of the «xow-orowned giants which reared themselves in the centre ē of the island. But the rocky «idee of the wild and wierd looking glen were not barren. Whenever a foothold could be found for vegetable :lifto l these plants flonridttd,and the steep wplls of the ^ully presented a long etreiteh of the mos charming and,vivid gr^enand delio^e greys tothe^ya : JHeEB^and ham^leas ppofnjion lorély jBoes in long «tripe <4 VBg^sa&ab; lost to view in the silvary xnist^ which hung 1 abou the shoulders of the titanic hills. And here and there among the great xnasse of green feathery foliage the totara. pines lifted their tapering stems, draped with all mannerof fantaetically-shapedfestoonBofgTey lichen, which contrasted prettily with the e patches of black rock, theliuge femironds, and scarlet blossoms of the: rata which ia e places lit up the tangled growth of green with patches of intense color. At the head of the gully a thin thread of e- silvery water leaped downward to feed the rivulet and beat itself with a mnsieal murm into spray on the rocks below, and at other pointe along the valley little cascades were .tinkling down the lichen-oovered walls. , Three weekB before a couple of miners ou prospecting- had discovered gold in the firs panful of dirt they had washed in Waikanoot Gully ; and subsequent washings at differen k points had given equally fruitful results. Then the blood stirring news had been scattered about, and the rush to Waikanoota Gully began; and in twenty-one days the quiet deeertnd galch had been tr&nsiormed; into a small pandemonium composed of me of almost every nationality under the heavens, who were thireting after the precious yellow metal. r By the time our three friends reached the spot the place appeared like a small town o perhaps a better phrase, would be a large no fair, for between a thousand and fifteen hundred men of all sorte and conditions Jiad takfcn up their temporary «narterg in the ffoiiy- He majority of these wanderers had housed themselves in canvas tents or .rough huts of timber, acd a few boasted erections o light corrugated iron, while not a small number had nothing to shelter them Bave a shaggy well-worn and too often dirty, blanket. Most of the miners who were then roughing it at Wailunoota had to travel thither on foot and carry their belongings on their backs generally wrapped np in the ever-present blanket. Diggers can exist under almost any conditions, provided that they have a good stout rn^* in which to enwrap themselves at night when they take their well-won sleep in the open besides a fire,and a pannikin and " billy" in which to boil their tea. The men at Waikanoota were a rough and e ready lot, but not more rough and reaay than one could expect to findat such a place. The worked hard in the daytime seeking the auri ferous ore, and if they found it in anv considerable quantity they wished themselves and their ehntns good luck in one or other of the drinking saloons. Tbrte weeks had transformed the deserted gulch into a town, with traders' stores, an hotel, a bank'even, and whisky deziB by the dozen. The finds of gold had been rather ex traordinary, and the boom had attracted every miner with a bad claim who was withi twenty miles. These men were still coming in by dozens, and in the course of a week o two every available inch of soil in Waikanoota Gully would be staked out. By the time Seph Dennett, George Granby and their remaining chum, Ike fihellcomb had staked out their claim and erected their cenical house of canvas the evening was approaching. t The three chums had just finishedwork, and were standing at the entrance to. their tent. One of them, Ike Shellcombe, was " Well mates," he remarked, with the nasal peculiarity of the true Yankee, " I guess we've about finishedthat job, and that being so I vote that we liquor np. What do you s&y;, Seph, old man ?" " I was just thinking, Ike, of making a fi it so that we could have a eope of tea," was th reply. " Never mind the fire,"Granby broke in at this point, " at least not yet, Dennett. It's too early by a long way to turn out yet, and tea will keep. I'm of Shellcombe's way of thinking. Let us go and have a drink. I suppose there must be quite a lot of fellows here that we know." " Well, I don't mind," Seph responded, and t they all turned away from the tent and made their way towards the centre of the crowded settlement. The Bcene in the gully was of a lively and an interesting nature. Half of the flat patch of alluvial land hemmed in by the clifls was already occupied and being rifled of its yellow treasures, and the remainder would be taken up in the course of a week, for fres batohes of diggers were constantly arriving in gangs of twos, threas, fours and halfdoze nE. Here and there the red-shirted miners were standing about their holes, some of them winding r.p buckets laden with goldbearing dirt, others washing the last panful of gravel and storing away the aurUerous sand. a At the mouth of many claims a small fla of red bunting was flappingidly in the evening breeze, denoting that gold in payable i quantities had been unearthed at those particular spots. In and about the broken ground the new arrivals were threading their way. making eager inquiries of the workers. The tradesmen's stores were lit np already, and doing a good bnsinesa, and the h saloons were driving a roaring trade in bad a whiskey and other liquors, and English m bottled ale and stout. "Here's the place, I guess," said Ike Shelloombe, and he and his chum; came uponm a large structure of corrugated iron, ovtr the large open doorway of which ran the legend MTaggart's First Class Hotel. "Come along toys, and let's sample the Britisher's poison." m They went inside together and found a motley assemblage gathered about the long bar. They ordared drinks and Btood chatting amoBjget themaelves, glancing meanwhile hither and thither about the place , and TnaWrng- casual observations concerning the varions diggers they knew in tbe crowd. Presently George Granby nudeed each of his chains sharply in the ribswith his elbow, and said : " Look over there at the further end of the room. There's that old 'hatter' again— Maori Dick, don't vou call him t " Seph'e eyes andt&oMof; Ike vers turned in the direction Granby had indicated, and they reoognisedatoncs the notorious character to whom their chum had alluded* Maori Diek ps, was a gaunt fellow of forty'fivH or fifty, ill-dad, unkempt and of a generally uninviting aspect. To look at the wretched creature one would not bave given à brass farthing for the man, either morally, physically or intellectually. But Maori Dick was worth more than he ppeared in be. When h e spoke ttOBOOOld etect in his speech util vanner tnott of a efînèmentKud edneatioo Which testified thaï ta e had lived a higher life somewhere, and t aome time not remotely d i stunt - What the man's real name waa no tme in he Islsbd could tell, nor where he hailed rom originally, for wh^' «obfer ;^ .!36uld o ever begottoepeakof either HmSBlf o* Ids ast; and when drunk, "whioh'^was.often,he f aa not to 1» pumped bythe most coaming l igger in all Kew Zealand. , w For the past tenyears |he miserable fellow * ad been, knocking «boot the -varkⅈ gold â owns in Weïtiand County, and he was s ï»tnSi4r;aa ihe can to every old digger WÎtiinJa^yHrilfia. . Once a w&k; Maori IMok woull turn up In «me t or other 6Ï the BOtod diggfog», a^jMb frt teMieywhen""ne frequented the common haunts of man. "Where the man got hia money from was r -a mySteiy to all, and not a few theories ha been originated in order .to explain the -pozjde. Some believed that Maori Dick was «ëoapegraoé member of an aristocratic family in old £ogland t t -and that hia -relatives pud Jiîm haadewaely to -keep- away irom home others there ware^ who averred that l>iok - was .simplyaa ïàle digger whohàd oml3qfçafttlêyears ago, andwas^ow spending it after tbB fashion which appeared best to fcimseU ; and, ag∈/. not a few digçexa hinted that, the dlarfepulable »ot /who threw his gold. abb&t; so r&jkleBsly;' when " on th «pree" had sttûjc a ridhhole Bonifrwhere an was.working }t seoretly. ; ' When guBstioned on the point Diek would tug with a dirty hand at the ragged sheaf o fjrizzled hair at his chin and emit a low, dr cynical chuckle. Kost frequently that was ioB only, answer, but occasionally tie would remark, after asking his interlocutor to hav adrivJc, that'his pile was safe; and that he maant to"*blue it before he passed in his -chocks." Maori Diok was already half drank, and h was pressing everyone about him to drain their caps and have another with him. Gar t Itireeïnends only esOapbd his invitation because they were ont of the fieldof his obscure Vision. ' . ,f* TharefeTOmeth!hg about ffcat fellow «aimot fatj&m;^i-fh&vwy; life of me, ' 1 Georg Gra^^om^^d^n a ^refieo&re; Way to his t 1 That iflBo. bosg,' the Yankee drawled in answer. T reckon, parti, that I can tak e the measure of most meat bnt Dick there I somehow can't gets grip of." " One thing is certain about him, Shelloombe," Granby returned, in a positive tone. " And what may that be, ole man ?" Ik queried, ashefiiled his lank,' hairless jaws with a mammoth plug of tobacco. "He's a university man—a thousand pounds to a hayseed on that. He's of goo birth, too, oi I'm a Josser. Haven't you ur noticed at times how well modulated hia voic iSj tmd how correct is hia English? There a mystery about MaoiiDiok that I'd give a trifle to get to the bottom of. What do yo say, t Seph ?" t •" i'm wiih you there." wss Dennefct'sready a response. " That chap has a story like mos t of ue I suppose, but what it ia I cannot even imagine. Bot I do know that he Is a very generous fellow m spite of his dirt, drink an beastliness in general." " How. do you reokon that up, Britisher ? a<;ked the American. " I guess Dick's n generosity runs to a liquor as it does with the lot of. us.'* " Oh no, Ike," Sepli remonstrated. Wait till I tell yoa what, happened two o thre^years ago, when I first met Dick "at r, Hokîtika. flè had been on one of his great Bprees there when I first ran against him, and had painted the whole town red, aa yon may readily suppose. But hia drunk on tha occasion had beep a bigger and more lengthy one than usual, even with bim. " I was hanging round the plaoe, doing f nothinuin particular, having just finished a good paying hole up Kabonaga way, where the gold had given out, and was waiting fo the next rnsh. " Being flush, I was taking things pretty easy, and while doing the rounds ot the whifikyheDs, I came across Dick there, and ha not a few drinks with him. He's an awfull , good-natured fellow when in liquor, and he seemed to take to me somehow. At all events, he wanted me to go on the rampage with him, and offered to findall the rhino f the fn.PL " Of course, I declined, for I vratn't without a nioe little heap of dust of my own at that time, and Maori Dick continned to paint the town crimson on his own hook. y - " One day when his dust had run out and the bar-tenders of ttie various saloons were refusing to give him a booze on tick, he m with an accident—got knocked out in the street by a pissing cart and had his leg broken. " There the poor devil was stranded and helpless after running through forty or fift -pounds worth of dust in a dozen days or thereabouts. 1 found him lying in a den n where he had been carried, and with no on near who cared a tinker's curse whether he r rotted to death or not." " And yon, Seph," Granby asked, as Dennett paused in his recital to wet - his whistle with a drop of whisky. " What did you e, do?" "What did I do 7 What could I do ? I had the wretched devil taken to the best hotel in all Hokifika and placed under proper medical attendance ; and I gave the doctor to understand that I would pay for everything—in faot, I did pay in advance— and I told him to Bpare nothing." " And then, Seph ?" asked Granby, who had become interested in the Btory, " -what happened afterwards?" " I left the town in a harry to join in re some gold rni-h then on up Taurangi way, snd e didn't see Dick until thirteen or fourteen months afterwards. And when we met again things were upside down with mt, yo can bet. I and a chum had been working like niggers for months in a God-forsaken " hole at Taurangi and hadn't found enough gold in the cradles during all that time to keep us with dry tommy. "And to make matters as infernally bad as they could be my old chum, Roger Wolfendale, took the fever and died. When I had buried him I was stone-broke both in pocket and in spirit—hadn't a copper to cares or bless myself with, and credit for neither a bite nor sup. " I was just thinking of chucking digging there and then and for ever, and of begging my way to Otago, where" I might turn laborer at fivebob a day, when who should I h run against at the door of a saloon bat Maori Dick. " He was on the * go,' as usual, but he was sober enough to recognise me at onoe, and to grip me fast. It didn't take me long to tell him how things stood with me, and before I knew jwhat I was doing I was insida 111 6 P 1 ** 58 » ^ had the best tha saloon cou^ offer in the way of , eatables ana drink bles." g " Good old hoss !" quoth tbe Yankee, wit a sparkle in his small eyes. " There's grit n the heathen after all. I reckon 1 owe tha old tellow a drink, " " Bat that wasn't all, Shelloombe," Seph went on. Before we parted Dick dropped five and twenty quid into my hands, and when I wasted to talk about repayment or im wanting some of it he simply ran away ad-ieft me. Since then I have met him any a time, and have offered him repayment. Bnt I shall never do so asrain." "How's that, pard," the Yankee deanded, somewhat sharply. "Because 1 do not want to insult him,' was Seph's reply. " Low as Maori Dick ap pears to have fallen, the heart of a man stil beats in his .breast, no matter how maoh he ay try to hide the fact by piakicg a beast of himself. The last time I ventured to speak to him about the money he implored m with tears in his eyes—the ^first time I or anyone else ever saw him betray any sign of feeling—never again to offer him that crowning insult after what I had done for him in Hokitika." "I should like to shake the old vagabond by the hatd !'' Gramby burst forth. " There's better «tuff in that old demoralised Bavage than all the gang he is treating there at the bar !" = " I'm with youlhere, pard," drawled Ike, as be munched his mouthful of thidk twist. " I guess I shall have to make Maori Dink's acquaintance just for the sake of telling -him that he's a darned heap better than I used to think him.'» " Then you'll have a chanoe now, chums," Dennett orindsuddenly, "for Dick's coming ovtr here, I can see. He's spotted me— here he comes." So it was. The tall, gauntj neglectedlooking fellow came across the plaoe at a gallop, and waa wringing Seph. Dennett'a fist in his own ere the others scatoelv realis it - . " ... " How are you, JSeph, my hoy ?" the ha tipsy vagrant cried loudly. " All right, I can •ee. -Yea, I'm on the rampage again, and mean to do the thin£, well on this especial ceanon. Maori Dick iioeen't ooirot tiieopet when he is ont for,a holiday.^ Are these riends of yottra, Sephîj ' if they are t should ike to ieel theariuknas." Seph prweatedfria comrades in an off^tandh ay, b&A; mysterious reveller oohtinued, * Glad to meet yon all, ranHemab—y peêiaîly, Sepîi. î wanttb tell yoh admèfhlng ome day. Bot that's not the question now. It'a my shout this time, s giîeyour spécial poiàoa ajnUBfi." j" VBa drinks were ordered ana supplied, and fr a« they-aipped them they engaged in con- VBrsation respecting the gaily and Ue denizens. • ~ . •' • - < l We only JolmnLj^te noon,™ said Itoiitttt. **S0avB yoa •been here fang?" / " Jnst a few dayrtwly, and I waa thinking d of mowng; but ! shaU ^tay a little longer now for the pleasure of your company. If you gentlemen will 0°ly help meip ?mëlt the dustyou will confer an ines^inuAle wnefit upon yours faithfully. What do'- ; Maori DickJsr^jspeeeh,. jraa bfoSos off abruptly, arid |sîa facè (Ranged coloi^with the qulokness of~a lightnlngmafi. His attention had been arrested by the voioes of some new arrivals, and at one of these, a dark-bearded sturdily-formed man of fifty,he shared as if e a ghost or devil were confronting him. .. d Then without a word he tUmr-d, drained hi glass to the dregs, u^ ttied to slip oatof the ealoon. But he was not qqlok Enough. Erehe reached the wide, "gaping door#ay a jnirly f y, forin'dashed forward, and strong revengeful hands gripped him tightly.^ Maori Dick's assailant waa the dark-beârdod stranger at e whom he had stared with fear and am&ae;, and the man's voice waa; rîng-ïng Jmrfkily, pasnionatrfy, savagely, throogh the Bfildon. "You damnable hound," the stranger e hissed with his finga^ at .Pick's'"throat. " At last Ihave fouûd'ypu. îfrow Til wipe out your sin with yonr life. Stir a foot if yon dare, and m put a ballet through your d infernal carcase." In a moment all was clamor and confusion I The diggers rushed in a crpwd towards the e straggling men, all agog wonder as to the oauSe of the sadden encounter. " (TO MB OW^I^P 