CATHOLIC DO0TBINE.— REPENTANCE. DISCOURSE BY THE VEST REV. FATHER GAUGHREN. On Sunday last the Very Rev. F. Gaughren, O.M.I., gave another of his discourses upon Catholic Doctrine in St. Patrick's Church, Fremantle. The subject chosen was 'Justification and Repentance,' and was made more.inter esting from the fact that it was in the nature of a renlv to the remarks of the Rev. S. Bryant on the same question. The very rev preacher took for his text the words of St. James, 'For as thebody without the spirit is dead, eo also faith without works is dead,' Chap. ii. 20. He eaid that there can be no subject of greater importance to us than that of our justification before God. As we are born children of wrath ; and as un fortunately the great majority of us too often make use of our liberty and free will to offend Almighty God, the great question for us all is, how are we to be reconciled to our Maker and Sovereign ' What doth it profit a -, in to irain the whole world and suffer tUe Jo ? if his own eoul.' All that com-^ns c-ir salvation is of supreme importance. So, therefore, the question of how we are to be justified or reeonrilo'l with God is for us the question of questions. The CathoJoc Church answers this question ae she answers every other which concerns our eternal Balvation. For thai was the established. We have but to listen tohervoiceanddoassheprescribes in order to besaved. Butthereare some of our brethren who, perhaps, through no fault of their own, have not received of that refulgent light with which the city of the Living God upon eavth ib lighted, the reflection of the light of the New Jerusalem which needs no sun, nor moon, nor stars, because this Lamb is the lamp to those who grope their way in darkness and uncertainly towards the heavenly goal. For their Bakes and also for the satisfaction which it gives us Catholics to see how the various portions if their Church's doctrine fit into cne another forming a bright mosaic of supernatural beauty, it will be well to consider this evening how the sinner is justified. This is the more opportune as the sub ject has been treated elsewhere in a manner hostile to the Catholic Church. He would endeavour thus in the first place to give a concise exposition of the doctrine of the Catholic Church, and we shall then see what this chief system opposed to it is, in itself, in its logical consequences, and in its results. But at the outset let him, the speakerdrawattentiontofirstprinciples. As it has been proved beyond possibility of doubt that the Catholic Church is the divinely appointed and infallible teacher of mankind, her voice gives us the same certainty which we would have were we listening to the words of Jesus Christ Himself. Her words are his. Her doctrine must therefore always accord with the teaching of Holy Scripture properly understood. What then is her teaching as to the means of our justification P She tolls us that all the children of Adam, (with the exception of our Lord, because of the hypostalic union with the Divinity, and of his holy mother, because of Him whom she was to bear,) come into the world infected with original sin. The new-born babe, though it could not offend God by sin of its own, yet has no right to heaven. It is justified to the sanctifying waters of baptism, without any effort of its own. Should it come to the use of reason before receiving bap tism, then it must bring with it certain dispositions praliminary to its justi fication—a belief in the truths revealed by God, a trust in His mercy, a certain love of that Divine Lord and a sincere Borrow for sins committed. With these baptism, actual if that be impossible in desire iB needed to justification. 'Un- less a man be born again ' of water' and the Holy Ghost he cannot enter into the Kingdom of Heaven.' But of him who by his sinful act for feits that grace of baptism much more is require^ in order to a reconciliation with God. For such Our Lord in His mercy has established the Sacrament of Pen ance called by one of the early Fathers 'the second plank after shipwreck' as baptism is the first. To this Sacra ment the sinner must bring their dis tinct acts on conditions— contrition, confession and satisfaction, the last at least in intention and desire. When these conditions are placed, and the words of absolution are pronounced by the priest duly empowered, then is ful filled the promise of Our Divine Lord, ' Whose sins you shall forgive they are forgiven them.' But the sorrow which the sinner feels, maybe of two kinds. It may spring entirely from a love of God on account of His own infinite perfections whioh makes the sinner utterly detest the sins by which he has offended his great Creator. This is called perfect contri tion or sorrow. And the Catholio Church teaches that such sorrow justi fies the sinner even before the words of absolution are pronounced. Such was the sorrow of Magdalen and of the Prodigal Son. Or the sorrow may arise from a good and supernatural, yet lesB perfect motive, and then it is called imperfect contrition, which re quireBabsolutioninordertojuBtifloatlon. The confession, must be oomplete M re gards all grevioufl sins. 'Here must be moreover the firm resolve atl*ut of making amends for the injury doae to our neighbour! by out sins and of satisfying the divine justice outraged by our evil acts. This last is called satisfaction. In all this we have man co-operating with the grace of God, and so coming to be reconciled with God. It is God who moves the sinner to repentance, for without His grace we can do noth ing available to salvation. It is the grace of God merited for us by Jesus Christ which is applied by means of the Sacrament of Penance and cleanses the soul from sin. It is in the name of Jesus Christ and by his authority that his minister pro nounces the wordB of absolution. Where then is there anything deroga tory to the pofition of Our Divine Lord as our Saviour and Mediator P All our justification comes from Him and by Him. Our satisfaction too is only meritorious when united with that which He offered to His Eternal Father. That satisfactory works are pleasing to Him, we have abundant proof in Holy Scripture. God most frequently exacts punishment for sin even after its guilt has been forgiven. The Israelites in the desert, Moses, David are examples. He allows men to satisfy tor that by their own holy or penitential acts. ' Redeem thy sins with armo,' said the prophet Daniel. God spared Nineveh because of its repentance and three days fast. The Catholic doctrine is thus perfectly confirmable in Holy Scripture. But what is this alternative P The Protestant doctrine of justification by faith alone. That is, the sinner has only to believe that he is pardoned, and forthwith his sins are covered as with a mantle and hidden from the eyes of God. Each sect and probably, each in dividual has his own special way of ex p'.siiasg the doctrine, but this seems to liave K'en Luther's way. It is an easy system eaid the preacher if true, but is it true 'i For one thing it seems to have come into the world 1,500 yesrs too late. The true system is that taught by Jesus Christ and His Apostles. This one owes its origin to Luther. He claims the invention as his owr, in his comments on I. Cor. v. when he speaks of himself as one to whom the mystery of genuine faith hidden from former ages has been revealed.' To support this, said Fr. Gaughren, he scruples not to corrupt the test of St. Paul, Rom. iii. 28. adding the word alone to faith, and he is not ashamed to declare that he made the addition deliberately. Yet St. Paul Bays Rom. ii. 13, 'Not the hearers of the law but the doers of it shall be justified.' Something more than faith is required. Our Lord says; ' If thou wilt enter into life keep the commandments.' This doctrine of Luther's has been adopted by the Church of England in her eleventh article. 'Wherefore that we are justified by faith only iB a most wholesome doctrine and very full of comfort.' Truly, said the preacher, it must have becu ' full of comfort,' to those who drew up this article who were both perjurers and thieves, and de sired still to retain that which they had injustly acquired. What, said Fr. Gaughren, are the logical consequence of this dectrine. Luther tells us, ' As many as believe in Christ be they as numerous and wick ed as they may be, will be neither responsible for their works nor condemned on account of them.' ' Provided one have faith, adultery is no sui.' Again is a letter to Mclanchthon. 'Sin and sin brave ly, but believe more strorgly and rejoice in Christ who is the conqueror of sin, death, and the world. We must kh as long as we are here. It is enough that we recognise through the riches of God's glory the Lamb that taketh away the sits of the world : from this, Bin will not tear us away even though we commit fornication or even murder a thousand times in the day.' Here are the awful consequences of this abominable doctrine as set forth by its author. And what aro the results P ' By their fruits you shall know them.' The rev. gentleman quoted from Luther and some of the early Reformers both in Germany and Eng land, to show the melancholy result* which followed the preaching of this doctrine. He instanced, too, the super ior morality of Catholic countries compared with Protestant kinds, as shown by statistics in proof of tho baneful effects of this teaching. He concluded by urging his Catholic hearers to avail themselves frequently of the means of grace and justification whioh God gives thorn through the Church, to sanctify this time when we are preparing to celebrate the first coming of Jesus Christ, so that all may be ready to meet Him at His second coming. A large number of skeletons with manacles attached to the leg and arm bones have been found at a small depth below the surface of the ground in the courtyard of the Custom House of St. Petersburg. A similar discovery was made in the same place 15 years ago, when a number of instruments of torture were also brought to light. The explanation of these finds is that in the last century the famous ' Secret Chan cellery' of the dreaded regent Blron, favourite of the Empress Anne, was situated where the Custom House now stands. The casemates, where persons who had resisted the regent's tyranni cal orders were tortured, ibood also on the same rite. 