A Fancy Ball at Covent Gardens. When old Mr. Johnson came back to England and died, after 15 years' money making in South America, be bequeathed to his son Saul, not only a comfortable competency, but a handsome advertise ment, which at once rescued the young mau from the obscurity in which he liad previously languished. Among the treasures which Mr. Johnson brought home was a magnificent collection of unmounted Brazilian diamonds. It was the shock caused by an audacious attempt to steal those stones which immediately brought about the old gentleman s death. The news of the sensational event going the round of the papers, young Saul, as the new successor of the gems, awoke one morning to find himself famous. He was interviewed and para graphed, puffed for a full nine days, and by the end of the time bad arrived at the conclusion that he was a prominent per sonage in society. In this idea, needless to say, he found many to encourage him. Among those wbose acquaintance lie made at this time, and assisted most cordially in lauding him upon the world, was one Herbert Tritton, a well-pre served man of middle age, whose chief occupation iu life seemed to consist 111 gathering items of spicy gossip destined ultimately to appear in the columns of the Sparkler, under the heading of " Piquant Paragraphs." " Mv wife really knocks the pars, into shape," said Mr. Tritton, one day, lounging carelessly in the easiest chair in the club smoking-room. " Latterly she lias become fascinated with the craze for journalism, and declares she is never so happy as when she is counting up the money earned by her own pen. By the way, Johnson, she is very anxious to make your acquaintance. You must come and dine with us some evening at Prince's Mansions." " Delighted," said Saul, flattered at the interest manifested in his society. The introduction duly came ofl. A month later, the young man, to his un bounded surprise, found himself not merely on the footing of Vami intime in in the household of Ko. 27, Prince s Mansions, but absolutely acting as col laborator in a novel. " The motif originated from your brain," remarked his fair colleague, seated one afternoon in the room, which acted both as library and smoking-room. " I shall never forget your narration of that story at Mrs. Mordaunt's. The idea was sublime; I saw immediately that with our combined efforts a magni ficent novel could be produced. Her companion looked up from the pile of MS. which, under Mrs. Tritton's facile pen, had already swelled to respectable dimensions. His narrow greenish, hard eyes surveyed the piquant face of his collaborator with manifest admiration. " You're so awfully clever, he said, rather fervently, dropping the MS. upon the floor, and edging slightly nearer the Chippendale writing chair. " I had not the ghost of a notion how to set about a decent sentence—let alone a novel. But you ,» ho laid his hand upon the slim fingers still holding the pen, and his vehement pressure filled up the pause with greater significance than any mere phrase could have done. At this compliment Mrs. Tritton s hazel eyes sparkled brightly; but she shook her curly chestnut head m laugh ing denial. " True, the idea only exists by virtue of the form," she said modestly, allowing her hand to remain for a moment in her colleague's grasp, " but remember, Mr. Johnson, yours was the head from which the conception originally evolved itself." And though Saul still persisted in assigning the credit of the work to Mrs. Tritton, in his own mind, none the less, was he pleased that his charming col cague invariably acknowledged the real eator of the masterpiece. In the meanwhile, Mr. Tritton sur d the process of collaboration with a .astic demeanour. Though he ut 20 years older than his wife, ed no trace of jealousy at the visits of so young a man as Sanl At times he would remain in tening with an amused smile nd her colleague discussed havior of the hero or nish it," observed pens to be the latest fad, and Lilian, (laying his hand ou bis wife's shoulder) I " always insisted on following the fashion. Now, don't get angry, my dear Erck mann-Chatrain. I'm off to the club, and you'll be able to finish your novel in peace." One day, anxious to bestow a birthday gift upon his colleague, Saul induced Mrs. Tritton to accompany him to the jeweller's into whose safe keeping the precious stones, now set in a necklace, i had been entrusted, under the pretence that her aid was needed to sclect a present for some fictitious feminine cousin. After some discussion the lady finally selected a gold bracelet whereon the word Amor sparkled in diamonds. This busi ness disposed of, Saul Johnson, affecting a nonchalent tone, asked Mrs. Tritton if she would care to see his celebrated stones. " Certainly," replied the lady journalist, looking up from her note book with a pleased smile. " And if you will j allow me, I might make a little para graph anent your necklace." "With pleasure," said the young man, flattered at the prospective mention of his diamonds in the Sparkler. " At what do you estimate the value of this necklace ? Five thousand pounds ?" " Nearer ten thousand," replied the man, displaying the glittering necklace in the afternoon sunlight. " These stones are of the finest lustre, and are quite worth the money." With a gratified smile Saul Johnson tamed to his colleague. " You may mention the value, if you wish to," he said, carelessly, looking over her shoulder at the pocket-book. " Now let us be off." Not without some difficulty upon the return to Prince's Mansions could Saul Johnson induce his colleague to accept the bracelet as a birthday offering. " Please take it as a remembrance of our collaboration," urged the young man vehemently, fastening the bracelet upon Mrs. Tritton's wrist. " You must guess that the inscription exactly describes my " Hush," interrupted his colleague quickly, with a demure look at the glit tering Amor. " I am your cousin, and though I accept this lovely bracelet from my collaborator witli deepest gratitude, I only consent to wear it as a token of his —er—intellectual admiration of my un worthy person." Some few days after this episode Mr. Tritton (from whose knowledge Mrs. Tritton in a faltering tone had begged her collaborator to keep secret the gift of the bracelet) was ordered away for a month's complete rest to the Riviera in order to recover from the depressing effects of insomnia. To Saul Johnson's delight, Mrs. Tritton, prevented by her literary engagements, declared herself unable to accompany her husband. " By the time I return, the novel will probably be finished," remarked Mr. Tritton, the day of his departure. " Au revoir, Johnson! Take care my wife doesn't overwork herself in my absence." It was probably the anxiety to assure himself of Mr. Tritton's health that during the next month necessitated the frequent visits of her collaborator. Doubt less also it was the same consideration which led him to purchase tickets for the forthcoming fancy dress ball at Covent Garden, in which his collaborator had expressed much interest. At first Mrs. Tritton was horrified at the idea of going to the ball with only Saul's escort, but by degrees her objections relaxed under his vehement entreaties. " You ought to go as Mephistopheles, the tempter," she said, when she at last gave a reluctant consent. " And shall I pose as Marguerite ?" accompanying her question with an arch look at the young man. " No," replied the prospective Mes tipho; " Marguerite's dress is far too simple. I like you better in a more gorgeous costume." At this Mrs. Tritton professed herself deeply wounded. Simplicity of attire she supposed in her collaborator's opinion accorded only with those women whose own beauty needed no extraneous adorn ment. His inference was cruel and " Lilian, Mrs. Tritton," interrupted the young man, in an agony of despair at the sight of tears in the hazel eyes," you misunderstood me completely. You know I think you lovely enough to dis pense with any adventitious aid. But in our novel you wrote such a splendid description of the heroine's fancy dress that I wanted you to appear in the same impersonation." Somewhat appeased by this reference to her literary powers, Mrs. Tritton at leDgth allowed herself to be comforted ; and, after some further debate, acceded to her colleague's wiBh that she should impersonate the glittering Spirit of Golconda. One adornment only was necessary to complete the impersonation, and what more natural than that Saul should supply it? On the night of the ball, as he hurried into the drawing-room at Prince's Man sions, he found Mrs. Tritton in a gown of cream satin, veiled in tulle, sprinkled with glittering crystal, pacing the apart ment in feverish expectation of hiB arrival. " How do I look ?" demanded bis collaborator, anxiously surveying herself in the ebony-framed mirror: " I seem to be a mass of glitter. Does my tout ensemble satisfy your fastidious taste ?" With a half nervous laugh, Mephisto moved across the room, and suddenly holding out before the eyes of the astonished Spirit of Golconda a magni ficent diamond necklace, said in a de precating tone— " One thing alone is lacking to satisfy my taste. Will you do me the honor to wear my necklace to-night ?" As he spoke, he slipped the ornament round Mrs. Tritton's white throat, and, snapping the catch firmly, bent down softly to bestow a furtive kiss on the tiny curls at the nape of the neck. " No, no," said Mrs. Tritton, turning hastily round, " do not ask me. I can not—I will not wear this necklace ! I will not wear this necklaceMy hus band would never forgive me." As though to unfasten the orna ment, she stretched out one hand in a vain endeavor to find the catch of the necklace. But with a hasty move ment, Saul Johnson imprisoned her fingers within his own. " For my sake," he 6aid in an im passioned tone, looking straight into her eyes. " Lilian, grant me this favour, I implore you ?" Beneath bis ardent glance Mrs. Trit ton's hazel eyes sank with an embarrassed look to the ground. "There, the matter is decided," ex claimed Mephisto, seizing Mrs. Tritton's cloak and throwing it round her shoulders. " Come, Lilian, it is time we started." In vain Mrs. Tritton protested. With an air of authority, Mephisto silenced the fair spirit, and conducted her to the carriage. As the brougham drove off—" My husband must never never know," whis pered Mrs. Tritton, in a trembling tone. "Never," replied Saul passionately, pressing the gloved hand to his lips. Four hours later, Mrs, Tritton, flushed with excitement, and leaning on her col laborator's arm, emerged from the bril liantly lit building, which, at 3 a.m., still resounded with the strains of music. The line of carriages extended down the street; a crowd of loafers, anxious to earn an odd copper, blocked the path, aud criticised the dresses of the mas queraders with an unlicensed freedom of speech. As, with some difficulty, Mrs Tritton, her cloak left carelessly unfastened at the neck, made her way through the throng, the glitter of the necklace in the lamp light aroused murmurs of admiring com ment. In their eagerness to obtain a better view, the crowd jostled against the Spirit of Golconda in a manner that annoyed and alarmed her escort; and it was with a feeling of relief that both masqueraders gained the brougham, which drove rapidly off to Prince's Mansions. The close proximity of his companion, whose fair face looked more than usually lovely in its setting of white fur, fired Saul Johnson's blood to a fever heat of passion. Words of ardent love trembled on his lips ; he bent towards Mrs. Trit ton, who at that moment, complaining of the stifling heat of the carriage, was striving to throw open her cloak. " My darling," he began, with a fer vent look, and stooping down to kiss the soft white throat so temptingly exposed to his view. " You know I love—," , —an expression of dismayed astonish ment interrupted his ardent declaration. "The necklace!" he stammered, ex citedly, as Mrs. Tritton looked up with a frightened glance, "where has it dis appeared to ?" " The necklace!" gasped Mrs. Tritton, in a terrified voice. " Surely it is round my neck." With a frenzied gesture she threw off the cloak, clutched frantically at her throat, and, finding no ornament, stared her companion wildly in the face. "The diamonds—gone " fell from her lips in choked accents, as, with a distracted air, she grasped Saul John son's arm and burst into a flood of tears. Alarmed by the sight of her uncon trolled agitation, her quivering lips, her eyes full of terror, her sobs of distress, as in a feverish search she shook again and agaiu the folds of her gown and cloak, Saul Johnson, after his first experience of dismay, endeavored to Boothe Mrs. Tritton into a more tranquil state ol mind. " Never mind, dearest," he said, clasp ing the trembling hands, " the necklace has probably dropped into the carriage. It is certain to be found when we alight." But Mrs. Tritton, with tears stream ing down her cheeks, refused to be paci fied. In broken tones she explained that as she had passed through the crowd she had distinctly felt a hand on her cloak, though in the harry of the moment had thought nothing of the action. The necklace was gone for ever. Her husband would learn everything, and " she was ruined—she was ruined." " No, no," cried Saul passionately, " you shall never be reproached. Before your husband returns you must come away with me. You know how devotedly I love you. To-morrow we leave Eng land, together. Say you will consent dearest!" \ Caressingly he pressed his arm round her weeping woman, and, leaning her head on bis shoulder, Mrs. Tritton gradually allowed herself to be comforted. Before the brougham had reached Prince's Mansions, Saul Johnson had contrived to win over his companion's consent to the elopement. A terrible dread of her husband's wrath evidently reigned supreme in Mrs. Tritton's mind. The carriage stopped. Followed by Saul, Mrs. Tritton alighted and made her way into the dark hall. " Come in for a few moments," she said, turning a tear stained face to her companion. " I told Parker to lay supper," opening the dining-room door. " How stupid of her to turn out the light." Groping his way through the pitch darkness, Mephistophles fumbled vainly for a light, " You will find the matches on the mantlepiece," said Mrs. Tritton, sinking into the first armchair. "Oh, Saul, dearest," sighing deeply. " I feel that my love alone can atone for everything." "My darling," said Saul, striking a match and applying the light to a candle which ornamented the snpper table, " your love would atone a man for any loss. To-morrow dearest," glancing fondly across the table, we shall leave England, and your fool of a husband will never learn the true history of this night " " You infernal scoundrel!" roared a voice in his ear, while n tremendous blow on his shoulder caused the young man to reel backward under the unexpected shock. " You cur! So this is the way you take advantage of my absence : and you also, madam," thundered Mr. Trit ton, whose slumbers on the couch had evidently been disturbed by the untoward entry of the late comers, " so you and your precious collaborator were to elope before I returned! Unfortunately my sudden arrival has spoiled this little arrangement." His face purple with wrath, Mr. Trit [ ton paused momentarily for breath. At | the first sound of her husbaud's voice Mrs. Tritton had uttered a terrified cry, and in a half-fainting condition had dropped forward, burying her head on the table. The shock of surprise over, Mephistopheles, though inwardly trem bling, endeavored to confront his injured host with a bold front. " Not a word, sir!" shouted the latter, as the young man was about to force some reply to his lips. " Were it not for the presence of this woman, I would horsewhip you on the spot. Your das tardly conduct is a nice return for all my hospitality." With something of the feeling of the whipped hound, Saul Johnson sullenly grasped his cloak and hat, and edging his way past Mr. Tritton, made for the door. " And I W8S fool enough to believe in the genuineness of the collaboration, while your real object escaped my mind," continued the enraged husband, striking his hand angrily on the table with a force which caused the glasses to ring again. " Blind idiot that I have been 1 Go!" One fleeting glance at Mrs. Tritton's bowed head, and Saul Johnson bad quitted Prince's Mansions for the last time. # * * * * A week later, Mrs. Tritton, absorbed in thought, sat at the window of a private sitting-room in the hotel Hollande, Amsterdam. Actoss her mind, among various images, flitted most frequently the figure of her quondam collaborator. " Poor fellow," ran her thoughts, " he was very much in love. And how herioc of him never to mention the loss of the necklace! I scarcely credited him with such generosity of feeling." At this point, her meditations were interrupted by the violent opening of the door. Holding a morocco case in his hand, Mr. Tritton entered, his face again expressive of intense rage. "Fool!" be said furiously, throwing the case into his wife's lap. "With all your boasted cleverness, to be duped by that young scoundrel!" With a dismayed look, Mis. Tritton had risen to her feet, and now stood, glancing first at her husband and then at the glittering necklace which reposed in its velvet bed in the morocco case. "Won't Van Vit give you your price ?" she asked, falteringly. | A harsh cynical laugh, vibrating with a ring of demonical fury, burst from the husband. " My price !" he reiterated, in accents of scathing contempt. "The necklace you so artistically stole, madam, signified your exact value in the eyes of your love-sick collaborator. "The scoundrel'' —with a tremendous expletive—"bad the audacity to lend a substitute of worthless paste!" Theee are 28,000 Chinese inhabitants in the chief cities of the United States—24,000 of them in San Francisco, and 2000 in New York. In Ashamtee parricides arc tied hand and foot to stakes driven in the ground near a large ant hill. The ants are then irritated by sticks thrust into die entrance to their dwellings, a guard is Bet at a respectful distance to prevent rescue, and the prisoner is left to be eaten alive. In 48 hours nothing is left of the criminal hut a neatly-oleanea skeleton. 