LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. FACTOR* BUTTER.-Donham and Rcid'e Fac-1 tory Butter at John Healy'e Store.- [APVT.J Paruament.-A proclamation was issued on Tuesday further proroguing 1'arliamcDt until Tuesday, the 20th February, 1804. SALE AT Jondaryan. -Messrs. Bacon &Co.;, of Toowoomha, announce in our business columns that Ihey will offer 12,000 RutIj*«? wethers at auction on Thursday next, I mi .January, at jondftryan. DIVISIONAL Bo Ann ELECTIONS.-The fixtures in connection with the approaching elections to 611 tlio vacancies in the Hoards for the Divisiousof Glengallan, Clifton, Rosenthal, and Inelcwooil are published in the business columns of to-day s Argtit. Townsville EMOTION.-Though chosen by a caucus meeting, it is not quite certain that Mr. Willmett will stand as the Ministerial candidate for the Townsville vacancy. Should he retire Dr. Ahearue will do battle against the Labor candidate (Mr. Ogdeu.) MUNICIPAL Council,.-'The regular monthly meeting of the Council, which should have been held on Wednesday afternoon, was, in I consequence of the absence of his Worship the Mayor, who is suffering from blight, adjourned for a week. It will Be held on Wednesday next, the 10th instant, at the usual hour. | liABCtn Cohvkrkncb. - A conference of Labor members of the Parliaments of the I various colonies will be held in byaiiey thla ] mouth. An effort will \hs m&de; to patch up the differences which exist among tbe Labor narty iu New South Wales, and to arrange a common political platform for the various colonies. PARLIAMENT OF New SOUTH WALES.-The reconstructed Dlblis Government have decided to meet Parliament again on the 17th instant. The Premier is confident of getting the Bank Notes Bill through before the dissolution takes place, but Mr. Reld (the Leader of the Opposition) says he will not allow the Govern ment to transact any business beyond obtain ing sufficient supply to carry them over the elections. Tan Output 0? GOLD.-From the 'figures available, it appears that the gold returns for the last year amounted to 600,127oz., but this does not include the yield from Gabo Creek. Last year, when the returns were made up In the same way, it was estimated that the total gold yield for 1892 would bs 602,000oz., but whits the returns were all in tbe total for tbe year c&uin; to 6l6,000ot« It is therefore ex pected that the yield for last year, when complete, will not be more than SOOOot less than that of 1892. TOMATOES. -Mr* Charles Ross, nurserymen, of Albion-street, sends u» some samples of a very fine crop of tomatoes wbloh he has grow ing at his nursery on the Glen road, and which he announces In our business columns he is prepared to dispose of in quantities from 101b. to two tons. The samples sent us com prise the varieties known as the Prise and the Stone, and we have seldom Men finer tomatoes. They are well grown, free from wrinkles, and sound from centre to circumfer ence. And they taste just as well as thoy look. FARM CREEK.-The annual pic nio in con nection with the Church of England Sunday school was held on Boxing Day. The place selected was In all respects most suitable, just in front of Mr. Jus. Bradford's residence. There was a large gathering, many coming from Klllarney, but owing to an ontbreak of measles some of the children were prevented from attending. The arrangements were carried ont by Mr. Alfred Peachy and able assistants, aua tlwnks were doe to bim, not only for hi* energetic work on this occasion, bnt also for superintending the Sunday school work regularly throughout the year. KiUiaKtfBY.-On Christmas Day Divine ser vice was held at Christ Church at 7.30 p.m. The church had been decorated by the Misses Canning, Grayson, and others, and presented a pleasing appearance. Christmas carols were sung at the service, "Christ is Born,1 " Silent Night," " Oh, Dark was the Night; tbe latter a beautiful composition both in words and music. The" service was bright and cheerful, and thanks are due to the organist, Mr. Tuffley, for the efficient way in which the hymns and carols were rendered. Those used to Christmas Day services must have been reminded of days in tbe old country. Christmas Day services were also held at Yangan. CROWK Land SALE.-A sale oi Crown land -town, suburban, and country-will take placc at the Warwick Land Office on Tues day, 13th February. In all 107 lots will be ofiered. Ot these 100 are town lota, having froutages to Gore, Wallace, ft1 illiatn, (loorge, Clark, Wood, Douglas, and Tooth streets, situated in the rlclnlty of the hospital. The upset ranges from £10 to X30 per acre. Six suburban lots, situated near the railway line, about half a mile north-easterly from War wick, each containing ir. 24p., will IM offered at M per lot. And one country lot, contain ing 23 acres, situated on the left bank of the Condamlne,'about eight miles north-westerly from Warwick, will be offered at the upset price of JB4 per acre. The terms vary from spot flash to quarter cash and the balanoe within twelve rr°ptb8.. CHRISTMAS tJiras.-Tbe Dispeqser of the Warwick Hospital acknowledges with thinks, papers from Mr. J. De Conlay, papers and fans from Mrs. G. T. Myless magarines from Miss De Conlay; cakes from Mrs. Helkej cukes and old linen from Mrs. Thorn 5 cakes and papers from Mrs. Noyee; 31 volumes of now books trora Mr. Archibald; books and cards frow Mrs. Millar; periodicals from Mr. Merry s biscuits from Messrs fi»rw» f Co. and Mr. Gorman 1 old lineu frow Mrs, Mojn tosh, Blinkbonnle t motto card* from Mrs. Bourne and the Misses Hfndmarsh t a case of oranges from Mr. Knock s toys from Mrs. Parr i cards from Mr. Adams -, a sucking pig from Mr. Chandler; a side of lamb from a friend; cakes and tobacco from Mrs. Curnow; ciJl.es, lemonade, fruit, flowers and cards from 'ffif WoiWa Christian Temperance Union; cakes, fruit, hams, to., from St. George Masonic Lodge ; ami a bo.tlje sf syrup from Mrs. JSflWr. A 8yp F^e.-A ^hooting fatality .occurred . afcftesfli on] gatw&y-; A- ?°m .WW' ffNf8* Rose, was out shooting j^th ^vo ojjier vounc fellows named nnw» W)4 PWf.V; ll'hey separated from one annlmer, and Brown fired ot a wallaby, being un awn re that Rose was beyond. The ball passed through the animal's body, and struck ?ftosauiihs left breast. As soon as ho was a warm Iho aeflticoi Hrown mounted a horse and rodo h aistarici drtwsniyfcVB miles to reached him wid) M>c tjqcfqr. % lie poor fellow had lain exposed 10 tiio iiut summer s#j from mornlnc till afternoon suffering (pirn tutcine thirst Everything was done for lilin uy U10 medU W, IP.b lire slowly lu.r#,r*dusW. He WH WI»«clous unto the time r 11 1 ti n"1 averred MM Hits casualty of his death, an . -cjldrjllt. WAS outirely the result 01 i,'o wpSmr from any scrofulous disease, lylio'wiirjuii.ly ,try Aycr,'s Sa^awrilla, need (Wpsir of a curi. /his' remedy purges the ,blood c\f'.impurities, ftnstroj/a IW germs'M gppofaU, n.n(l incises' new vigor throughout the syrtviti,'' FACTORY BUTTER.-Denham and Reid's Fac tory Butter at John Healy's Store.-[ADVT,] WARWICK CALEDONIAN SOOIETV.-A meet ing of the committe will be held at the School of Arts on Wednesday next, 10th instant, at 8 p.m. TOWN AND COONTRI CouRawo CI.cb.~A meeting of members is called for Saturday evening next at Mr. J. O'Hagan'a Imperial Hotel, Palmerin-street. TBANSFEBRKD.-Mr. 6. J. Lever, manaerg of the Ipswich branch of the Bank of New South Wales, and formerly in charge of the Warwick branch, has been transferred to Rockhampton. REVENUE RETURNS.-The revenue of the colony of Queensland for the half year ended 31st December, 1893, was JB1,845,089, as com pared with £1,953,247 for the corresponding petiod of the previous year. SLAUGHTERING LICENSES.-Yesterday, before the Police Magistrate, slaughtering licenses were granted to Mrs. H. H. Johnstone, Dal veen; David Hutton, Darkey Flat; M. Brewer, Mount Start; and M. Schniteerling, | Thane's Creek. POSTPONED.-The honorary secretary (Mr. J. W. Archbald) announces in our business columns that the races, advertised to be held at Inglewood on the 10th instant, have been postponed until a date to be announced later on, when the committee hope to be able to offer more liberal prises, ana to obtain more liberal support in the ahape of nominations. SCHOOL or ARTS,-A special meeting of the committee was held in the board-room on Thursday evening last for the purpose of re ceiving the secretary's resignation and taking aotion thereon. The president (Mr. J. W. Wild) occupied the chair, and. there were also present-Messrs. W. Collins, 0. Wiekman, C. Colas, J. W. Greiner, J. R. Boas, J. DeConlay, G. P. Barnes, G. H. Knowles, W. Dobson, and R. Gibson. After discussion it was de cided to call for applications for the position of secretary, to close on 18th January. The meeting then terminated. OVERLAND MAIL ROUTE.—The Postmaster- General (the Hon. W. H. Wilson) has added the subject of an accelerated overland mail service to the list of subjects to be brought forward at the Postal Conference to be held in New Zealand in February. Under his instructions, a telegram was sent to the New Zealand Postmaster-General yesterday, acquainting him with the acton he proposed taking. Mr. Wilson says he is thoroughly in earnest in the matter, and he does not intend to let it rest until an improved and more speedy overland mall service is adopted be- tween the capital cities of the four colonies. OBITUARY.—Private letters received in town at the beginning of the week brought news of the death of Mrs. Pitchford, wife of Mr. W H. Pitchford, of Townsvitle, and sister of Mr. Alderman Collins, of Warwiok. The deceased, who was well known in the Warwick district, having resided here until a few years ago, was in good health up to a few days before her death. She was about on Christmas eve, but on her return home was laid up with an illness which terminated fatally on the 27th of December. An internal affection was the eause of death. Mrs. Pitchford was not long past the prime of life, and many Warwick people will share the regret we feel in chronicling her death. STERNE GOLD MEDAL.—The final competi- tion for the Sterne gold medal took place at the Rifle Range on Saturday afternoon last. The trophy, whioh is valued at £8 8s, and the best offered to competition amongst the mem- bers of the club for years past, was won by J. A. Lefrancke by one point over the score of Private P. Miller, who wins R. Fraser's silver medal for second. The competitions extended over sit months, the Mgtcgate of the three highest scores winning. The follow ing were the scores:-Lefranoke 90, 91, 91 - 272 points; Miller 91, 87, 93,-271; Wil liams, 258; Daveney, 256 ; Taggart, 244; Brown, 243; Locke, 241; Sterne, 236; Stew art, 218; Miller, 216; Evans, 100; Jutaum, 1S7. Lefranoke, who is an old and very consistent shot, made an average of 7ig for j the six competitions, Miller Si for five com petitions, Daveney 60 for four, Williams 48 for five, and Brown 29} for sir. The medals will be handed over to the winners at a gene ral meeting of the club to be held at the Criterion Hotel on Saturday evening, the 13 th ioetant. HIBERNIAN SOCIETY.-The annual meeting of members of the H. A.C.B. Society was held in the Hibernian Hall on Wednesday, and, being a summoned meeting, a very large number attended, and seemingly took a warm interest in the work and welfare of the branch, which is more than healthy financially. The following officers-elect for the ensuing *U months were dulv Installed bv Past President (Bro. M. Connell):-Bro. John Healy, presi dent; Bro. E. Devlin, vice-president j Bro. J. M. Healy, treasurer; Bro. P. Connolly, secretary; Bro. T. Lyooli, warden; Bro. A. Ralph, guardian; Bros. T. Ryan and V. Douyere, sick visitors; Bros. M. Connell and Jas. Devlin, auditors; Bros. J. Allman, J. Clancy, and John Healy, trustees. After the installation the officers returned thanks for the honor conferred on them, promising to do all in their power to promote in an honorable way the best interests of the branch. One new member was initiated into the eooiety, and tjjfop others ship. The secretary wnQnqoefJ at the close, of the meeting that tho receipts pf t}|e evening amounted to £25 18a fid. For the Information of members who have not attended recent meetings, it may be well to notify that Dr. Phillips has been re-appointed lodge doctor, and Mr. L. C. Dunne lodge chemist. MKLBOURNE LAND VALUES.-Says the spite ful old toijf vyliQ writes the " Wild Cat" notes io oar ftandid contemporary the Sydney tin i-'' The alleged sales of Melb. properties these times arc a mirthless farce. Every qoy and then some distracted booui-banlt resolves on a special effort to get rid of a few dosen or a few hundred suburban allotments. Accord ingly, an expensive catalogue is printed, a lot of advertising is done, the rescrve-prices are fixed at a minimum which makes the ghosts of the old boomers weep in their graves, and the sale cijines off. But nothing is ever sold. Nobody dreams of offering anything even dis tantly resembling the reserve. A small crowd gilbert ftiiijl l'oojti at'tjie auctioneer with a rte spon^ent eye,'and 'that is'all. Jhe other (Jay, liy' of a Jbold experiment, the 'Ereejiolij )[nvp»|,inf>jjjt £o.' fle^de^'ifo auction" a few pro perties with no reserve & ^U, fri/f,' ojje juoli experiment Is likely to be enough. t,iihd IJi^t fotclivd £10 a foot three years ago went for 20s, and ground valued approximately at £100 an acre was sold with great difficulty at some thing like £0. The theory that vacant land iu [.hp Melb. suburbs has fallen 50 per cent, vtas Icnofekcijl on tl-j; head there and then ; it has fullpb 90 per dent.. and even tJje remain ing lO perbeirt. looks shaky Shcl'unccrtairt,," SAMPLE bafjs jiit't to'liaW: 'FArntterrf Idcslr oufetof'eetiding samples'of graih' to Brisbane Cull dbtiljh h&ga; 'frSp'fcE charge' on apiillcHion iXWAitHfym': "' ,;vi ' VloBfMtrg!-Fog Trbik AND UBEiTii.-A fa drops of tho liquid " Florlllne" sprlnklod on A wet tooth-brush produao a ploasnnt lather, wliloh thoroughly oleAnses tho teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the guius, prevents tartar, decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly wiutefipfcij flip! £ delightful fragrance to the orcAtn , It removes £' ""I'WiM.t odo«r wising from dc; , cayed teeth or tobaooo smu..?.* tfwgwmt , l'loriiltn:," being composed in parts of Honey and ( iVwb'ijierbai dehaou^ tc tfcp tr.et;?, and the | ffreatent toilet iliicovery.ot'th^Akp., }!llL.L~y i of ail (Jhomisw aJviPerfuipt^. _ Wliplissle I ' Furringdoii Koodi LoudoUt Kiiftlanu- ? i , 