GRAND DRAMATIC ENTER TAINMENT. The programme which was presented last night (Friday) at' the elegantly appointed little Bijou Theatre, at the Beechworth Hospital for the Insane, by the members of the Asylum Dra matic Club, was one which" for its variety ana excellence aeserveu u. iu-i better amount of patronage -than was accorded, though this was not from any. want of appreciation of the talent employed)' but rather from the very unpropitious state of the weather, which preel uded a :. large number who would otherwise have gladly availed them selves ;df the opportunity. The pro gramme was such as to satisfy the most exigeant in the matter of dra matic entertainment, including no less than two farces and a comedy, em bracing the whole strength of the company, and each of which was redo lent with humorous and pathetic situa tions. The first piece presented was the' sparklingfarce," Dreadfully Alarming," in which the mishaps of Mr Septimus Eussell, a 'nervous old gentleman, capitally, impersonated by Mr S. Clap- bam, admirably supported by the rest of the company, especially fchf. female members, Miss O'Donnell aeting the part of Amanda, the daughter, to perfection, while Miss Underwood as Sarabella, was a most faseinating wait ing-maid. The comedy of the " Little Treasure" which succeeded, was one which evidently enlisted the sympathies of the audience iu if s representation of he reconciliation of a long-separated couple through the agency of their daughter Gertrude, impersonated by Mrs Deshon with a vivacity and feel ing which evoked deserved applause. As Sir Charles Howard, Dr Deshon was mos dignified and impressive, Miss Shelvin as Lady Florence Howard, sustaining the part with a quiet grace- fulness ana power ot reeling wnicn materially contributed to the success of the piece. The part of Mrs Medtlle- ton the mischief-making mother-in law, was well filled by Miss O'Don nell, who displayed an ascer- bity of temper eminently natural to the character. Mr Hall was quietly humorous as Capt. Walter Maiden- blush and Dr Letkbridge gave an ex cellent rendering of the foppish Hon. Mr Fluttermore. The interest of the piece was well sustained throughout, and the curtain descended on the denouement amid hearty applause. The farce of Barney the Baron, which con cluded the entertainment, was one which withitsuproariousfun kept the audience in a continuous burst of laughter from beginning to end. Mr T. Kelly, who on his appearance was received with a rnniifl cf n nnlniien tnr»Lr Mia nnrh cf the Irish tinker who is suddenly trans formed into a German baron, and who entered into the part with a rollicking humor which appeared only natural to him, and his mistakes and mishaps, especially in the ghost scene, were such as to provoke general laughter and applause. Mr F. Clancy was manly tind affectionate as the lover Augustus, and Mr J. P. Connell as Karl, and Mr S. Clapham as the bailiff Bluffenberg, contributed in no small degree to the fun of the piece. Miss Shevlin was a dignified Lady Margaret, Miss O'Donnell was as effective as Edith, and Miss Devaney was the beau-ideul of a charming German/rau/cbi. The pieces were rendered more attractive by the production of several new scenes, which had been specially painted by Messrs Clancy and White, and the intervals were made pleasurable by the finished instrumental ism of Mr A. Borslimann, violin, and Miss Palmer, piano. It is to be teared that the amount realised will not benefit the funds of the Beech worth Rifle Club, with which object the programme was arranged, to a iarge extent, bur. the thanks of that body are due to the amateurs who so kindly undertook to provide an evening's entcrtaiment at the cost of much time and trouble. 