AOTA. POPULT. ? » ? , By The Flaneur. A Baboo Indian, who enjoyed the reputation of being & careful observer, once said that the easiest work he ever did in his life was to sit on a fence and watGh a white man mowing laboriously with a scythe. Quite a number of white men are capable of working in a similar fashion ; and if there is any thing of the philosopher about Sir George Dibbs, he ought to be perched on a rail to- day enjoying the spectacle of his plump successor perspiring at every pore over the press of work that is crowding on him. We are told that honest work is a good thing, but the men who say that do a great deal of sitting down in their life-time, as a rule, and besides a good thing is only a good thing when you don't happen to get a surfeit of it. And then again, the party who shakes the tree in an orchard doesn't get the most apples. It is the fellow who does the light and lucrative work of picking up that secures the pick of the basket, and in like manner the politician who sits in the cool shade of Opposition while the Ministerialists slave in the sun occasionally sees and seizes the chance to obtain the ripest fruit that falls. ' I dare not help myself or my friends while I am in power,' said a Minister of Barataria, 'but once I am thrown out my friendship will be worth purchasing by those who succeed me.' That was a very moral Minister, however, and he had a regard for outside appearances which would be extremely prejudicial to his success as a statesman to-day. Amongst other penalties of power the deputation nuisance is beginning to press heavily on Premier Reid already, and as his natural good nature com pels him to hear eacli speaker to the bitter end instead of telling him to 'Go to Chicago !' or requesting him 'not to talk damrot ' at the start, the waste of time and the general boredom are pain fully increased. To one deputation Mr. Reid recently remarked that the ' Statute-book of the colony was the most antiquated in the v/orld — a mere monument of neglect.' Now, Parkes claims to have stuffed that book with more legislative lumber than any six men in the land ; therefore, the antiquated character assigned to it is probably correct, for Max O'Rell declares that our Sir Hairy Parkes is ' the only suggestion of the antique in a land that possesses no antiquity.' As regards the antiquated and asinine character of portions of our Statute- book Premier Reid spoke truly, and proof of this was immediately forth coming in the case of the Seventh Adventist crank who was fined 2s Gd for doing bricklayer' s work on a certain Sunday. This was a mistake on the magistrate's part, for under the absurd Act which is supposed to regulate the Sabbath observance the amount of the line is fixed at 5s, and therefore, the half- crown penalty was illegal. The party who rests on Saturday and works on Sunday then com plicated matters more by refusing to pay anything, for he happened to know that the alternative was two hours in the ' stocks,' and that is an article with which the colony is not blessed at present. Even if we rejoiced in the possession of a pair it would be illegal to put any person in them unless they were erected in a public place proclaimed by an Act of Parliament to be dedicated to that pur pose, and I have sufficient confidence even in Parliament to believe that frogs will learn to fly before such, an Act as that is ever passed. The proper person to attend to the punishment of Sabbath- breakers is the Government Astronomer, who has the power, I believe, of planting all such offenders in the moon. Certainly he has a precedent to follow, for, a9 everyone can see on a clear night, a certain disreputable old Seventh Adventist of ye good olden times was bundled into the moon for gathering firewoodon a Sunday. There can beno mis take about this — you can see for yourselves. There's the moon; there'othe man, and there's the stack Of brambles on his back ; and probably the only reason why this form of punishment was not entered in our precious antiquated Statute-book was because it seemed to be too sound and sensible for such ridi culous pages. The escape of the Seventh Adventist miscreant isn't all our Sabbath observance trouble by a 'stocks' full either. Up to now the revenue of the colony has been acceptably increased, and the wolf kept from the door by fines in flicted on childlike Chows for watering and otherwise encouraging their ' callot, an' pea, an' welly ni cabbagee' on the Sabbath Day. Now, however, those sinners' slant eyes have been opened, and instead of putting up their fines as usual they will say — ' No pay hop-a-elown any mo'. You get 'em stocks, me take it out. Sittee down welly good.' To enforce the strict letter of the present Sunday Observance Act would lead to social chaos, and the proper thing to do now is t° poke it down the Bondi sewer and frame another more in accordance with the spirit of the age. Some of our municipal magnates seem filled with a wild desire to compile a Statute-book of their own, but the prospects of the venture are not very promising just at present. At the start our City Fathers collided with our rapidly-rising caravan of cyclists, and that was a very unhealthy thing to do indeed. When a man and a bicycle collide, the result is always bad for the man. In repose, a bicycle is the most inoffensive-looking object in the world, except a lawn-tennis-playing curate ; but in reality it is more dangerous to stand in front of a bicycle than it is to stand behind a woman who is preparing to pelt a brick at some object before her. If a bicycle simply knocked you down and killed you on the spot, the matter wouldn't be too bad, in fact if you happened to be a professional politi cian it would be a positive relief ; but the mischief is that when a bicycle gets you down on your face in the dirt it never seems to know when to stop fall ing over you. Barely is the first rude shock ended when the infuriated machine tangles your head, legs, and arms between its spokes- turns you over, rears up in front of you, smashes you flat on your back, and then, just as you pause in your lurid profanity and begin to congratulate yourself on the earthquake having ceased, the mur derous concern catches you by the waist and rattles you round as a rat-terrier would shake an old boot, bangs your head on the ground, and then com mences to fall over you again and peel streaks of skin off your frame at every fresh bump. A bicycle has its uses, no doubt, but in its business capacity it is a blighting curse on true dignity. Part of the regulations which our aldermanic autocrats wish to enforce is that every cyclist must carry a bell by day and a lamp by night, but one of our champion wheelmen explains that he gave the alarm bell a trial when he was young and foolish, and the result was a disastrous failure. The first time he rang his warning bell it was to notify his approach to a fat old gentleman who was walk ing in the roadway with the pompous air of a person who had just bought the city and was in treaty for the cash purchase of the rest of the colony as well. The result was a startling surprise for everybody. Instead of continuing his stately march the old gentleman on hearing the first clang of the bell shouted Fire ! threw up his hands wildly, and then sat down heavily on the front wheel. The struggle v/as short, sharp, and decisive, and when the man and the machine were finally sorted out the frag ments filled twelve baskets. Later on the cyclist struck a policeman, who stepped neither to the front nor the rear, but stood like a pillar of suit when the bell sounded. Then, the wheelman con cluded that he had committed enough murders for one day, and oo he swapped his bell with a blind man in exchange for a thorough-bred mongrel dog. A similar difficulty to the present cropped up be tween the cyclists and the corporation while I was helping Napoleon III. to misrule France, and the wheelmen drew up a series of resolutions which I now take the liberty of localizing in the hope that I may be able to check what promises to lead to a civil war. Voila ! Whereas the number of cyclists is on the increase, and as a natural consequence the number of pedestrians is constantly diminishing 5 whereas, the cyclists will shortly be in the majority (as the result of the next municipal elections will show) ; therefore, the minority must submit and the following resolutions will be enforced. 1\. Every pedestrian is to be supplied with a boll and a horn, both of which he shall sound on crossing a street whenever he sees or does not see a cycle. 2\. At night every foot-passenger shall carry a green 'ight on his breast, a red light on his back, and a revolving light on his head. 3. Any foot- passenger who, by his awkwardness or want of attention, shall occasion the fall of a cyclist, shall be liable to a fine of £10, half of which shall go to the injured wheelman. On the offence being repeated the offender is to be hanged and his head stuck on a post at some important street cross - ing. 4. The whole colony shall be levelled) in order to save cyclists the annoyance of hill-climbing and to provide work for the unem ployed 5. All horse and pony racing to be abolished, and all courses to be transformed into cycling tracks. 6. All vehicular traffic, other than cycle traffic, to be prohibited in the public streets between the hours of 6 a.m. and midnight. 7. All duties on cycles to be removed, and in their places a tax on pedestrians to be substituted. S. No person, except a cyclist, to be allowed to stand for Parliament, or hold any public office whatever. 9. In all cases of doubt or dispute whatsoever, every cyclist shall be allowed to do just as he dern pleases and as often as he chooses to do it also, and the cyclists shall own the earth and the fulness thereof, and the police and even the football champions shall be submissive to them. Carried unanimously, universally, and eternally. Parkes, the pugnacious but prudent and pretty, still 'keeps dark ofl the weather -bow,' but it is very evident that his interests are being quietly worked up by the underground engineers in his train. Jackal Wise loses no opportunity of assert ing in a cunningly careless sort of way that his patron is the only real statesman in Australia, and unless he favours us with his omnipotent aid we may as well hand the country over to the Russians or the rabbits and commit suicide to save ourselves from slaughter. Mr. Wise is a party who requires a deal of watching, even from an a3tut3 old hand like Sir Henry, for it is well known that a young flatterer is very apt to end in being an old knate. Not content with favouring Sir Henry with his friendship, the wily Wioe endeavours to frame a policy for Premier Reid, and points out that a land tax of |d. in the £ would be absurd, as the mini mum rate has been fixed at Id. Who fixed that rate is not explained ; but that is immaterial to Wise, for when one wishes to capsize a train any kind of log is good enough to place across the raile. Apparently, the policy of a Government depends upon the leaders of the Opposition. Possibly the most humorous advertisement Sir Henry ever received recently appeared in an article on him in the Westminster Gazette, and the writer of that article must be set down either as one of the greatest gulls or one of the most artful satirists of the present time. In one place we are told that Parkes admits he has no ear for music. And yet it is a well-established fact that he would make any sacrifice — that he would even get his hair cut — if he could be publicly acknowledged to be a poet ! From a Shakesperian point of view, however, the above is about the truest statement Parkes ever made. It fits his real character to the letter, for, as Lorenzo says, the man that hath no music in him self is ' fit for treasons, stratagems, and spoils ; the motions of his spirit are dull aB night, and his affec tions dark as Erebus : let no such man bo trusted.' A photograph of Parkes' s soul could not possibly show a truer picture. His whole life has been spent in ' treasons and stratagems' worked to secure the ' spoils,' and as regards his affections— well, even ' My Dear Wise' has reason to remember how ruthlessly a certain friend was thrown over the bridge by Parkes in order that a passage might be cleared for Water-bottle Foster. The prime&t; cut off the Gazette joint, however is that which runs thus : ' When Sir Henry Parkes returned from a provincial campaign some months ago he told me that at the distant township of Nar rabri he was walking to the hall one night to address a meeting when a tall young fellow stepped in front of him, knelt down, and kissed the ground, then rose to his feet, saying, ' God bless you !' and disappeared in the darkness.' From henceforth that Young Man at Narrabri must hold the pride of place in Australian history The ' Little Boy at Manly' cannot stand in the same street with him. The loudest bray of the Soudan donkey, the most pitiful 'baa' of the Soudan goat, is drowned by the ' Young Man at Narrabri's' fervent prayer ; even the ' Kiaina Ghost' must ' pale its fires' and dry up and blow away when the 'Young Man at Narrabri' flops on his marrow-bones and eats dirt in the presence of his lovely idol. How truthfully and how dramati cally is the story of the adventure told. The ' tall young fellow' stepped in front of the god-like visitor probably because he feared the latter couldn't see backwards between his ears and his head, and even if he could the worshipper's gesture might have been mistaken for something in the mud-pelting line and rewarded with a kick from those feet which are far more colossal than celestial. And then the tall young hero of this decidedly tall old grey story having kissed the ground, ' rose to his feet, saying ' God bless you !' and disappeared in the darkness.' Mark how the truthfulness and beautiful simplicity of the narrative speaks out in every line. The young man ' rose to \\\i&fnet.;' He didn't stand on his head and wave ' three cheers' with his boots in a hearty ringing stylo, as any idiot like him might have been expected to do, and he didn't savagely shout, ' Look 'ere, old man, ain't it just about time you paid that little bill that's been owin' since 1872 ?' but he said, ' God bless you,' and ' disappeared in the darkness.' He wasn't taken up to heaven in a fiery chariot, neither did he sink feet foremost through the earth as if some mighty timber- cutter had hit h;ra on the head with a maul, but he ' disappeared in the darkness.' And apparently, he has remain* tl in the darkness ever since. No one ever heard of him before. No one will ever hear of him again. He has gone whore the good niggers go, possibly to keep a corner warm for the idol of his earthly dreams. It is a superb story ; evil men will oall it a superb lie. Personally I never read anything so touching since the death of Ananias, and never until the day I die will I forget the frisky doings of the tall 'Young Man at Narrabri.'' 