GRABBING A GHOST. ANOTHER EXPOSURE OF 'SPIRITUALISM.' SOLVING THE MYSTERY OF THE SYDNEY ' SPOOKS.' A tew weeks back the Very Rev. P. Le Rennetel, S.M., of St. Patrick's, in announcing his lecture on Spiritualism, said : — He would undertake to prove that the average 'spirit' which consents to play the comedian ' when the lights are low,' and the good old mystic I screen is in working order, has not the trade-mark of I any recognized Satanic agency, but is simply the ?? product of a 'private still' which may be run entirely on very small potatoes and moonshine ob tained from melons. Father Le Rennetel gave his lecture, and ex pressed the opinion that the ' spirit-raisers' who were fooling Sydney folk would be as completely exposed as all the other 'mediums' had been in Australia and throughout the world. Father Le Rennetel had not long to wait for what appears to be a fulfilment of his prophecy. The very week his lecture was delivered a bold bad man ' grabbed a ; ghoBt' in the inner circle of Sydney ' spiritualism,' ; and then the public were let into the secret of the ?whole bag of tricks. The 'revelations' were just ; what were expected. A woman playing the 'spook'' ?; with the usual list of ' properties' — a mask, a false ?; beard, and 'ghostly' draperies.' j HOW THE GHOST WAS CAPTURBD. I Mrs. Mellon had been in the habit of holding j seances at the house of Dr. C. W. MacCarthy, her : friend and patron, but the 'burst up' took place ? at the medium's own residence. ?\ One who was there, himself a believer in spiri i tualism, has published the following account: — : Nearly a score of persons were present in addition to the medium, and including Mr. and Mrs. A. G. D. Edwards, of Darling Point, Air. and Mrs. Wilson (from Melbourne), five other ladies, Messrs. J. B. Mellon, T. S. Henry, C. L. Wallis, Hetherington, Rumble, Joubert, and Mr. Royd house, editor of the Sunday Times. The company were seated in two rows, those in front forming a semi-circle extending across the room, and the others in the rear across the room, the position of each sitter being indicated by Mrs. Mellon. The medium th-m entered the curtained cabinet, and the gas was almost extinguished, Mr. Mellon, husband of the medium, taking the seat nearest the gasalier for the purpose of regulating the light. A musical box was then set going, but after playing steadily several airs and showing no apparent intention of leaving off, Mrs. Melion asked from the cabinet that it should be stopped, which was done, and some singing was commenced. After a brief interval the ' spirit ' form, known as ' Cissie,' was seen in front of the cabinet. The whole figure, excepting the little black face, was i enveloped in white drapery, and she came forward with a brisk confident movement, kissing her hands to the sitters. She was handed a box of chocolate sreams by someone, and commenced rattling them. Several of the sitters asked her to shake hands or \ give them some chocolates, when all at once Mr. ; Henry, who was sitting in one of the front seats, \ moved forward. I at first thought that he was ' merely attempting to shake hands with ' Cissie,' but i suddenly I heard a cry like ' Oh ! ' repeated two or i three times, and then a sound as of a struggle ; Several of the sitters left their seats, and asked \ what was the matter. 1 heard Mr. Henry ask for a : light. Then Mr. Mellon asked if he should turn up i the gas. Some one (probably Mrs. Mellon, who ? was struggling on the floor outside the cabinet in : which she was supposed to be hidden) replied, I 'No,' and then the gas went right out. Mr. ; Henry then again called out ' Strike a light,' upon -which several matches were struck, and the gas was eventually lighted. I then noticed that Airs. Mellon was still held by Mr. Henry, and ! that on the floor was a fancy slipper and some other small articles, including something like a piece of black silk, but they wore removed by someone too quickly for me to see what they were. Before a light was obtained one of the ladies said, ' Mr. Mellon, protect your wife,' and Mr. Mellon went forward and caught hold of Henry amidst a scene of general confusion. In the meantime Mr. Royc1 house had gone to the cabinet, and in reply to Mr. Henry stated that he had Been a black mask ; and false whiskers, and had hold of the latter. A I pair of lady's stockings were also pointed put, The whole scene occurred in much less time than it takes to describe, but it was terminated by Mrs. Mellon retiring into the cabinet. MR HENRY'S DECLARATION. Mr. Henry, who had been a frequent attendant at the seances held at Dr. MacCarthy's house, laid himself out on this particular night to catch ' the ghost.' A few days afterwards he made a sworn statement, describing in detail all the incidents of his success. This statement was published in the press last Friday. Mr. Wallis, who acted with Mr. Henry in planning the exposure, also published a sworn statement supporting Mr. Henry's version of the capture. Mr. Henry says that he is quite prepared to stand by the facts to which he has sworn. There was nothing at all abnormal in Mrs. Mellon's condition when he caught hold of her, and she struggled most wonderfully with all her physical strength. He distinctly saw Mrs. Mellon snatch up some drapery and a mask off her face and place them beneath her petticoats. She \va3 in her bare feet. He was also positive about the reality of the other mask found in the cabinet. As to the black beard similar to the full one worn by ' Geordie' (a spirit always successfully ' raised ' by Mrs. Mellon), and the snatch which took it away, it was certainly not the snatch of a spirit. Mr. Hem y also _ states that he found a small cotton bag in the cabinet, in which ho believes ' spiritual properties' were car ried, and which, judging by tapes fixed on it, might have been worn as a lady's bustle. MRS. MELLON 'EXPLAINS.' Waited on by a Daily Telegraph reporter, Mrs. Mellon said : — The moment Mr. Henry made a grab, I fell off my chair to my knees. The people in the room heard me fall, and thought I had fainted. When I fell I seemed to shoot from the cabinet into the spiritual form of 'Cissie,' and practically absorb it, the consequence being that Mr. Henry, instead of gripping the form, had hold of my arm. When the match was struck by Mr. Wallis I was found on my knees with the' white drapery belonging to the form over me. The drapery was quickly noticed to dissolve like Vapour into the atmosphere. After Mr. Henry released me, the gas was turned up and I went out again into the recess, over which the curtain had been thrown. I was immediately followed by a couple of ladies. My legs were so small and thin at this time that I was unable to reBt upon them, and sank to my knees. Mrs. Mellon went on to say that making the form of ' Cissie,' she had drawn most of the power from her own legs, adding, ' Hence the attenuation of my lower limbs until they become almost like sticks. The consequence of this was that my shoes and stockings fell off. I may. say also that I was shaking all over.' Mrs. Mellon gave an emphatic denial to the statutory statement sworn by Messrs. Henry and Wallis, that she was wearing a mask at the time she was seized, or that she hid the mask under her dress. As to the statement that a black beard of ' Geordie '' and certain drapery were found in a recess into which Airs. Alellon retired, she offered the explanation that the drapery no doubt was that of a materialized form, but, ' as you have been told,' it vanished into atmosphere like vapour ; in the language of spiritualism it demateriali/.ed. The finding of the beard, supposed to be ' Geordie's,' and the fact that it was snatched out of the hands of a gentleman to whom Mr. Henry handed it, she absolutely denied. Dr. MacCarthy, who was present at the interview, suggested as a possible explanation that the gentle man took hold of the beard of a materialized spirit before it had dematerialized, and that the process of dematerialization was mistaken by him for some one snatching the beard out of his hand. 3UIAVINO IT OUT. Thus Airs. Alellon on Alonday : — Air. Henry failing to produce the mask, the beard, and the draperies, which he could henceforth have brandished as the best advertisement of his feat, I now, on my part, declare, that, when my medical adviser permits it, I shall be prepared to give, and shall, with God's help, give proof of my well-known materializing capacity by sitting, after previous searches, in a locked and sealed wire or iron cage in the presence of reliable and representative wit nesses. Thus Dr. AlacCarthy : -'I do not think further newspaper controversy on our part is called for. Our convincing reply Avill be Airs. Alellon's suc cessful effort at materializing outside a close wired or iron barbed cage, in which she will be en closed after previous searching, and that, as has been already stated, will take place before reputable wit nesses as soon as her health will permit.'' ' When do you think we may look for this test?' asked the press interviewer. ' Mrs. Mellon's health is at present in a very low condition, and it is, therefore, impossible for me just now to answer that question. Bearing in mind my position in the matter on this point, we must have the additional testimony of another medical man, and when Airs. Alellon is ready we will both say so.' HOW THE CASE STANDS. Air. Henry, in a letter to this (Thursday's) Tele graph, says : — An analysis of the case amounts to this : That out of the 18 persons present, besides Airs. Alellon, sever, persons, all credible and. unbiassed witnesses, testify to the exposure. Five persons deny it. Air. Alellon and his daughter, from natural bias, if nothing else, cannot be accepted as witnesses. The remaining four persons, all spiritualists, decline to make any statements, and prefer to remain neutral. The attitude of these four persons is significant. 