COUNTRY NEWS. THE Castlemaine Council has agreed to the condition laid down by the Minister of Public Works that, if the Government contributed £1000 towards removing the accumulations of sludge and silt from Forest and Barker's Creeks, it should vote £500 and allow two-thirds of the men engaged on the work to be selected from the unemployed of Melbourne. AN unfavourable view is taken by the Minister of Railways of the request of the Maffra Shire Council for the re- erection of the railway bridge over the Avon River, on the Briagolong line. The construction of a new bridge would cost £6000, and a vehicular crossing is also desired, which would mean the expenditure of an additional £2000. Mr. Williams is inclined to think that the traffic on the line does not justify the spending of so much money. The question is, however, one to be decided by the Cabinet. In the meantime the commissioners have been asked to supply a return showing exactly what the traffic along the line is worth to the department. AN alluvial rush has taken place at Cuddy's Flat, about three miles from Maryborough, on the Talbot-road, on private property. A young man named George Mason, who had arranged with the owner, Mr. Russell, to prospect the land, came upon a rich gutter at 11 feet in depth, and obtained a 3oz. nugget and about 2oz. of fine gold. The ground has been pegged out to a considerable distance, and it is thought that the discovery is a tributary of the old Cockatoo lead. SOME time ago a miner named Ryan applied for the forfeiture of the Homeward Bound lease at Omeo, and that the mine should be given over to himself, the ground of the application being non- compliance with the labour covenants. An inquiry was held before the warden, who decided to disallow the claim made by Ryan, for the reason that he was not the holder of a miner's right. The warden, however, recommended the forfeiture. An appeal was then made to the Minister of Mines, who, after careful consideration, came to the conclusion that as Ryan was not the holder of a miner's right when he made the application for an inquiry, the inquiry was obtained by misrepresentation. He also considered that as the lessees had entered into arrangements for the erection of buildings and extensive plant, the department should not forfeit the lease in the interests of mining. The Minister, however, has informed the lessees that they must comply with the labour covenants, and that within three months they must erect a mining plant. In the meantime Ryan's application is to be held over. AT a meeting of the Shepparton Agricultural Society, held on Saturday—Mr. Gordon in the chair—the secretary submitted a rough balance-sheet in connection with the recent show. There was a clear profit of £332 16s., the most satisfactory result achieved in connection with any spring show held by the society. THE annual show of the Daylesford Agricultural Society has been fixed for 20th March. THE Government is determined, with the consent of Parliament, to reduce the municipal subsidy from £310,000 to £200,000 per annum. A reply to that effect was given on Monday to a deputation of the Executive of the Victorian Municipal Association, who asked the Premier to make no reduction of the grant. THE yield of gold for the September quarter was 167,455oz., being a decrease of 11,900oz. as compared with that of the corresponding quarter for last year. ACTING on the recommendation of the Public Service Board, the Executive Council on Monday passed an order dismissing Acting Senior Warder Thomas Cox and Warders E. D. M'Pherson and Arthur Greene from the public service; They were charged with having incited a prisoner to escape from the Sale Gaol and having furnished him with a key to facilitate his escape. IT is reported that a fine reef has been opened up by two prospectors about nine miles south of Wedderburn. It is new country, and the gold has been traced more than half a mile. The reef is estimated to yield at least 3oz. to the ton in the prospectors' claim. Another prospector, half a mile north, has opened out on the richest stone ever seen there. It will, it is believed, average 50oz. to the ton. Intense excitement prevails, and claims are marked out all along the line, both north and south. NEWS has been received at Maryborough from Paris of the death of the Very Rev. Dr. Roffe, founder of the Holy Ghost College, Ballarat, now St. Patrick's. AN extraordinary find of codfish was lately made below the Expedition Pass Reservoir, near Chewton. Heavy rain had caused an overflow of the by-wash reservoir, and 400 yards below it a large quantity of fish was found dead. Quantities of spawn were also observable. Three codfish which were weighed turned the scale at 22lb., 44lb., and 61lb. respectively, and in one of them a full-grown water rat was found. About eighteen years ago Mr. Dallas placed some fish in the reservoir, having received them from the Acclimatisation Society, but since then very few have been hooked by the numerous anglers who have fished in the reservoir. A LITTLE boy named Mathieson, residing in the Nelson district, 30 miles from Dartmoor, while playing with his sister beside a well, which is said to be 80ft. deep, suddenly disappeared, and was down about two hours before he was discovered. With the exception of a severe shaking he was not much the worse of his fall, and how he managed to reach the bottom without being killed, or at least having his limbs broken, is a mystery. The well contained no water, and the man who rescued him was lowered by means of a coil of fencing wire. MESSES. MACKAY AND Co., proprietors of the Bendigo Advertiser, have promised a donation of 20 guineas for a wine prize at the next Bendigo show, the wine to be produced in the Bendigo district, and the owner to have 500 gallons of the wine exhibited. 