THE STORYTELLER The Judgment Books. By E. F. Benson. Chaptee III. Frank got through his tennis-party with credit. His sombre mood of the morning had worked itself off, and there was no apparent similarity between his nature and that of Mr. Fortescue. Ease of manner and a certain picturesqueness was natural to him, and Margery found herself for getting the slightly-disturbing events of the last twenty-four hours. Mr. Greenock and his wife, who dined with them in the evening, may be described as oppres sive personalities, though in opposite ways. Frank once said that he always felt as if one of Raphael's clouds had descended on him when he talked to Mr. Greenock, which, however big they might be with blessing, were somewhat solid in texture, and resembled feather-beds rather than clouds, big with blessing ; and that though this was pos sibly good for you in the long run they were slightly suffocating at the time. Mrs. Greenock, on the other hand, was what Americans call a 'very bright woman.' She had bright black eves and a nose like a beak, and she always looked at her neighbours in 6uch a way as to suggest that they had smut on their noses, or had not wiped all the shaving-soap off. She asked artists questions about their art and musicians their music, a course which she was convinced was the course dictated by wholly superior manners, as hers undoubtedly were. She always made a point of saying that she would remember anything you happened to tell her, in order to give Tom, or Harry, or Jane a really professional opinion when they asked about; it. She may, in fact, be described as a lioness-woman, who bore away all possible scraps to feed her whelps, and, as Frank had said, she had the air of ferreting it out of you. When Frank came into the drawing-room in the eveniDg, he found Mrs. Greenock and her husband already there — Mrs. Greenock snapping up pieces of information from Margery, and Mr. Greenock apparently giving them to understand that the blessing of the Church hovered over their instructive intercourse. Mrs. Greenock instantly annexed Frank, as being able to give more professional and, there fore, more substantial scraps of intellectual food than his wife. '? I'm sure you'll think me dreadfully ignorant,'' she said, '* but when someone — dear Kate, I think — asked me when Raphael died, I was. unable to tell her within ten years. Now what was the dateP' ' I really couldn't 6ay for certain,' 6aid Frank. ' I forget the exact year, even if I ever knew it.' ' Oh, thank you go much, Mr. Trevor,' said Mrs. Greenock ; ' then I chad tell dear Eate that even you don't know for certain, so that it can't have been an epoch-making year. Now, what would you say was the most epoch-making year in the history of srt f ' ' Well, it would te hard to &ay; that any year was epoch-making,' said Frank, feeling helpless with the bright, cruel eyes of the ferret close to him ; ' but I should say the Italian Renaissance, generally, was the greatest epoch. May I take you in to dinner f ' Mrs. Greenock turned her eyes up to the ceiling, as if iu a sudden burst of gratitude. 'Thank you bo much for eaying that,' she said. ' Algernon, dear, did you hear what Mr. Trevor said ? He agrees with us all about the Italian Renaissance.' Mrs. Greenock unfolded his napkin, as if she was expecting more pieces of information to fall out of it, and was a little disappointed to find only a piece of bread. ' And what, Mr. Trevor, if I may ask you — what is the subject of your next picture ? I always like to know exactly what is going on round me ; it is the only way, is it not, of being able to see and trace iho tendencies of Art? Historical, romantic, realistic, what?' 'I've just begun a portrait of myself,' said Frank. Mrs. Greenock kid down the spoonful of soup she was raising to her lips, and drew in a deep breath . 'Thank you go much. Ah, what a revelation it will be ! An artist's portrait by himself, and the portrait of you by yourself ! That is the only true way for artists to teach us, to show us them selves what they are : not what they look like ! Algernon, dear, Mr. Trevor is doing a portrait of himself ! Remind me to tell Harry that as toon as ever we get home.' Poor Frank cast an appealing glance at his wife. They had had a small tussle over the necessity of asking the vicar and his wife to dinner ; but Margery had insisted that everyone always asked the vicar to dine, and went to dine with them when asked, and Frank, of weaker will than her, had acquiesced. But Frank's troubles did not really begin till he was left alone with the vicar. He found Mr. Greenock's feather-bed descent more hard to bear than his wife's predatory habits. ? Mr, Greenock would not drink any more wine, and he would not smoke ; but when Frank proposed that they should join the ladies he said, ' It so seldom happens in this secluded corner of the world that I can talk with men who have lived their life in such a different sphere to mine that I should much enjoy a little longer talk with you.' ' Yes ; I suppose you get few visitors here,' said Frank. ' The visitors we get here,' f aid Mr. Greenock, ' are chiefly tourists who are not inclined for an interchange of thought and experience. Some times I see them in our famous little churchyard where so many men of note are buried, but they do not etop. Indeed it would show a morbid tendency if they did.' ' I've often noticed how many names one knows are in the churchyard here.' said Frank. 'It is a solemn thought,' said Mr. Greenock, ' that in our little churchyard lie the mortal re mains of %o many brilliant intellects and excep tional abilities. 'Green grows the grass on their . graves,' as my wife beautifully expressed it the other day in a little lyric.' ' Dear me, I did not know that Mrs. Greenock wrote poetry,' said Frank. 'She is a sonneteer of considerable power,' said Mr. Greenock, ' and her verses are always distinguished by their thoughtfully chosen similes and their flow of harmonious thought.' ' You can hardly feel out of the world if you have always a poet by you.' ' The career of a poet,' said Mr.Greenock, 'is always beset with snares and difficulties. On the one hand there is the danger of a too easily earned popularity, on the other the discouraging effect of the absence of an audience.' . ' I am sure I can easily guess to -which danger Mrs. Greenock is most exposed.' ' ; You are pleased to say so, 'said Mr. Greenock, with a precious wave of his hand. ' In point of fact, some verses of hers which have appeared from time to time in local papers have attracted much attention. She is preparing a volume of verse idylls for publication.' Mr. Greenock rose, as if further exchange of thought and experience could not but be bathos after this, and Frank and he joined the two ladies. Mrs. Greenock was covered wkh confusion when she heard what her husband had said of her, but soon recovered sufficiently to make some very true, though not very original, remarks about the beauty of the moonlit sea, and pressed Frank to tell her whether any one had ever painted a moon light scene which ' carried conviction' to the beholder. Margery left early next morning on a visit to her eister. who had taken a house for the summer near the Lizard, with the idea of being near the Trevors, though, as a matter of fact, the ingeni ous and tortuous course' pursued by the Cornish lines made it a shorter day's journey by carriage than by railway. Frank had not begun his work before she left, but promised to do as he was told, and work not more than seven hours a day, and not lets than four. He had quite recovered his equanimity, and Bpoke of the portrait without fear or despair. ?? But I tell you, Margy,' he said, ' that I cau only do what I can do, and if you find a convict staring at you on your return, it iB my misfortune, not my fault.' It was already nearly dark when Margy reached home on the next evening, and not seeiDg Frank about the house, nor in the garden, went to the studio, though it was far too late for painting. 'Frank,' she eaid, opening the doer, 'are you there?' A long figure sprang off the sofa, and almost ran across the room to her, half- smothering her in caresses. ? 'Ob, Margy, I'm so glad you've come,' he said — ' eo g^lad. You don't know what it has been without you. Margr, promise you will not go away again till it is finished. You won't go away again, will you ?' ' Why, Frank, what is the matter ? Have you 6een a ghost, or what?' * ' The place is full of ghosts,' said Frank. ' But there won't be any more now you've come. Let's go out away from here.' ' But I want to jsee the portrait first,' said Margy, looking round. ' Where is it, Frank r' 'It's there behind the easel, with its face to the wall. Don't look at it to-night, Margy. You can't see it by this light.' 'No, I know I can't,' said Margy; 'but I only just want to peep at it, to see that it is getting on.' ' No, please don't to-night,' said Frank. ' Oh, very well,' 6aid Margy. ' I don't mind waiting till to-morrow. Is it good ?' ' Como out of this place, dear,' Baid he, ' and I'll tell you about it.' Outside, the west was 6till luminous with the sunken sun, and as they stepped on to the terrace Margy turned to look at Frank. He eeemei horribly tired and anxious, his face was paler than usual, and there were deep shades beneath his eves. ' Frank, you've been working all day, and not going out,' she exclaimed. ' Yes, I know I have ; I couldn't help it. But never mind that now. Ah ! how beautiful it is ! I wish I was a landscape painter ; it is so much safer.' ' Now, Flack, tell me the truth. Have you been out since I ltffc you yesterday morning ?' 'No.' ' You've been working all day ?' 'Yes.' ' Oh, you really are too annoying,' said Margy, with an impatient little stamp of her foot. 'You get yourself into bad health by overworking and taking no exercise. You've got the family liver, you know ; and then you tell me the house is full of ghosts, and conjure up all sorts of absurd fancies about losirg your per sonality. It is too bad.' ' I'll leave the picture alone altogether if you like,' said Frank, quickly. 'I'll tear it up if you wish, and go for a holiday.' ' No, no,' cried Margy, 'that's just what you won't do. You've had two months' holiday already. But that is no reason why you should work like a lunatic. Of course, any one can go mad if they like ; it is only a question of whether you think you are going too.' ' It's wonderful,' eaid Frank, suddenly stop ping short. 'It's I. I can't think why I loathe it so.' ' You loathe it because you've bpen working at it in a ridiculous manner,' said Margy. 'To- morrow, I regulate your day for you. I shall leave you your morning to yourself, and after lunch we go up some of those little creeks where we went two years ago. Come in now. It's nearly dinner-time.' When they were alone they often sat in the studio after dinner ; but to-night, when Margery proposed it, Frank Baid at once that he would much rather not-.. He had bthaved quite natu rally all the evening, except that he had shown an aversion to being left alone. But the painting of a portrait was always rather a trying time for him, and often before Margery had noticed the 6ame thingr, though Frank's explanation of it did not eeem the least satihfactory. ' When one paints,' he had said to her once, 'one is much more exposed to other influence^. Your soul is, as it were, on the surface, and I .want some one near me who will keep an eye on it ; and I like to have your eye on me, Margery. When religious people have been to church or to a revivalist meeting', you know, they are much more susceptible to what they see in the way of Buffering, or sin, or holiness ; that is just because their souls are on the suifdce. It is very unwise to go and see a lot of strange people when you are in that state ; no one knows what influence they may have on you. But I know what influence you have on me.' ' I wish I could make you a little less eilly,' Margery had replied. Margery ?went to bed quite happy in her mind. She was not naturally of an anxious disposition, and there was nothing in Frank's behaviour differ ent in kind from what she had often seen before. He always got excited and nervous over a picture which he really gave himtelf up to ; and, though his child-like desire to be with her when he was not working was a little more accentuated than usual, she drew the very natural conclusion that he was more interested than usual in his work. Frank got up, as hia custom was, very early next morning, and went straight to the studio ; and Margery, keeping to the promise she had made the night before, did not go to him . till a little after 1. She had not seen him at break fast, so 6he supposed he had eaten his breakfast there. But it was with a sense of relief that she heard the clock strike 1, and, shutting up the book she was reading, she went to the studio. Frank was standing with hi6 back to the door, and did not look up when she entered, and the came up behind him and saw what he had wished her not to see the night before, and understood why. He always worked with great rapidity, and though, of course, the picture was not nearly finished, yet in a rough sort of way the general effect, she felt, was the effect of what the finished picture would have. ' The idea' was recorded. She gave a sudden start and a little cry of pain, as sharp as the cry of physical pain, for the mean {Continued on page 916.) Margery gave a sudden start and a little cry of pain, as sharp ae tie cry of ihyeical pain, for the meaning of that first rough stetch, which had puzzled her, was now worked out, and she saw befor° her the face of a guilty njan.— Chaiteb ILL ia£ of tt'at' first-rough sketch, which ha 1 puzzled her, was now worked, out, and she saw before her the face of a guilty man . It was the face of a man who. has wilf ally stifled certain nobler im pulses for Something less worthy ; there was nothing ' mean or low about it, but it was fallen, and when she turned to look at Frank she saw that he had in the portrait seized on something that stared from every Jine of his features. 'Ah, Frank,' she cried, ' but what has hap pened ? It is horrible, and you, yon are horrible too.' Frank did not seem, tu hear, for he. went on punting, but she heard him murmur below his breath. ' Yes, horrible, horrible.' ' Frank,' she said again, with her voice in control, ' leave off painting at once and look at me.' This time he heard. His hand, holding a brash just filled w.ith paint, dropped nervelessly to his side, and the brush slid from his fingers on to the floor. In that moment his face changed ; the hard guilty lines softened, and his whole expression meant that of a frightened child. 'Ah, Margy,' he cried. 'What is the matter? What have I been doing ? ' Margery took hold of the side of the easel frame, which run on casters, and wheeled it round. ' . ?' * ' You've been working long enough,' she said, ' and you are coming out for a bit.' ' Yes, that will be nice,' eaid Frank, picking up the brush he had dropped, and examining it. ' Why it is quite full of paint,' he said. 'Yes, dear, you usually paint with dry brushes, don't you ? ' said Margy. ♦' Oh, I've been painting all the morning, so I have,' said Frank, and his eye wandered to the easel which Margy had turned away. ' No, you've just got to let it alone,' said Margy, guessing his intention. ' You're not going to work any more till afternoon.' Frank passed his hand over his eyes. ' I'm rather tired,' he said. ' I think I won't go for a walk. I'll sit down here if you will stop with me.' ' Very good, we'll have a bit of a talk.' ' I've been to sleep, I' think,' said Frank, presently, ' and I've had bad dreams — horrid dreams.' ' Did be have nasty dreams, then ? ' asked the, sympathetically. ' He shall tell me all about them.' ' I :jvas wondering- all the time whether I ought to go on with that portrait or not. I thought— — ' ' You shall go on with it, Frank. I tell yon ihat you must,' broke in Margy suddenly, afraid of letting herself agree with him. 'You don't understand,' said Frank. 'I know that I am running a certain risk if I do. It was that risk I drea:ne 1 about all the morning. I thought I was in danger all the time. I ran the ' risk of losing myself, or of becoming something quite different to what I am. I run the risk of losiog you, myself, all I care for, except my art.' ' Art with a big A,. dear,' asked Margy. ' With the very biggest A.' ' Go on, and be much more explicit.' ' I know you think it is all absurd,' said Frank, ' but it is not bo. 'When I paint a picture you think tho net result is I plus a picture, instead of I alone When I saya picture you know what I mean. But you are wrong. Tnero is only I just as before, and, inasmuch as there is a picture, there is less of tho I here in my clothes.' 'Go -5u,' said Margery. ' Well, have I got any right to do it ? In other pictures it has not mattered, because one recuperates by degrees, and one doesn't put all one's self into it. Bat if I do this picture I shall put all I am into it, and what will happen to'this thing here ' (he pointed to himself) 'I can't say. All the time I was painting -that thought was with me, as if it had been written in fire on my brain. Havel got any business to run risks which I can't estimate ? I know I have a certain duty to perform to you and to other human beings, and is it right for me to risk all that for a painted thing. You shall decide.' Margery stood up, leaning with her hands on the edge of the table. 'Listen .to me, Frank,' she said. 'As you said just now, you know nothing of what risk you run. AU you do know is that if is, as you believe, and as I believe, in your power to do something very great, if you go on with that picture. AU these ideas of yours are quite foolish, and ex tremely like you. By finishing that picture you may, perhaps, get to see that you have some very silly notions in your stupid old head, and you will get rid of them, and have painted an admirable portrait. If you lose that part of your per Bonality, I shan't be at all sorry. In fact, it will be the best thing that could possibly happen to you. There ] Now you've worked enough for the present, and we'll go for a stroll, because it's nicer out of doors than in here ; and then we'll have lunch, and then, if you're good, you may work another hour or two in the afternoon I' Frank got up at once with unusual docility. As a rule he scowled and snarled when he -was taken away from his work, and made himself very ob jectionable. This uncommon state of things made Margery wonder. ^ 'Well, why don't you. say you'll be 'bles-ed if you'll come ?' she asked. ' No ; I'm quite -willing to come,' said he. ' Why (shouldn't I come ?!?' He got up, and, turning round, he suddenly ? caught sight of tbe easel. Before Margy could stop him he made two quick stops towards it and turned it round. In a moment his mood changed. , ?' Do you see that ?' ' he said. ' « That's what I was all the morning,, when I knew I oughtn't to goon painting. Ah, wait a minute, Margery. I just want to finish a little bit I~was working at.' .Sis face grew suddenly pale, and ihat look of guilt descended on it like a mist, blotting ont the features. *' That's what you are making of me,' he said. 'Give me my palette. Quick! I shan't be a minute!' But Margery had caught up, as she often had done before, bis palette and brushes from the table, where he had left them, and fled to the door. . ' ? . ' Give me them at once,' shouted Frank, hold* ing out his hand for them, but still looking at the picture. Margery, looked at him a moment, unutterably puzzled and dismayed. Then she broke into a light laugh. ' Oh, Frank, you look exactly like Irving it Macbeth' when he says, ? This is a fcorry sight ; * and it is, too.' - -'. ? ??-?.?? - - At the sound of her voice he turned, and again the look of guiltiaded from his face. ' What have I been saying ?' he asked. 'You said, 'Give me the daggers.' Come out here at once, Frank, and I will give them up.' Frank walked obediently up to her as she stood in the entrance to the next room, and as soon as he was well out of the studio she banged the door and stood in front of it triumphantly. ' Here are the daggers,' she said ; 'but you are coming for a stroll with me now. You are going to finish that picture, but not like a mad man. You shall work four hours in the morning and two in the afternoon ; and if you look like Macbeth again I Bhall behave like Lady Macbeth, and go walking in my eleep, ? and flooding the bathroom in order to wash my hands properly. March !' IV. Frank and Margery wandered about the woods till lunch time, and in the afternoon went down to theriverandcruisedaboutin a little boat, exploring, as they had explored a hundred times before, the unexpected but well-known little creeks which ran up between the hummocks of the land, shut in and shadowed by the delicate-leaved beech ' trees. When the tide flowed it was possible to get some way up into these wooded retreats, and by remaining very still, or going quickly and silently round a corner, you could sometimes catch sight of a kingfisher flashing up from the shallows, and darting up the lane of flecked sunlight like a jewel flung through the air. Margery was surprised to find how great the relief of getting Frank away from the picture was. The guilty look on the portrait's face, and, more than that, the knowledge that it was a terribly true realisation of her husband's expression, dis turbed her more than she liked to admit even to herself. But, at any rate, she had Frank with her now, as she had known him and loved him all their life together. He was rather silent, and often when Margery turned from her place in the bow — where she was looking out for concealed snags and roots in the water — to him as he punted the boat quietly along, she saw him standing still, pole in hand, looking at her, and when their eyes met he smiled. ? ''It'slike that firstevening we were here, Margy, isn't it?' he said, on one of these occasions. 'Do you remember we got here on a September morn ing, after travelling from London all night, and after lunch we came up this very creek?' 'Yes, Frank. And I feel just as I did then.' '?What did you feel?' ' Why — why, that I had got you all to myself ' at last, and that I did not care about anything eke.' Frank ran the boat into a little hollow made in the side of the creek bj a 3mall stream, now nearly summer-dry, and came and sat down on the bank just above her. 'Margy, dear, I want to ask you something,' he said, ' about that picture, you know. AUthis morning, as I told you, I knew I ought not to go on with it. I thought of that afternoon we spent here before, and knew ihat I was sacrificing that. That was the day and the place which were most fixed in my mind, and, now we are hero in the same place, and on just such another day, let us talk about it.' ' Oh, Frank, don't be a coward,' said Margy, appcalingly. ' You know exactly what I think about it. Of course, all my inclination goes with you ; but, but ? ' She raised herself from the boat, and laid her hand on his knee. ' Frank, you know that, don't you ? There is nothing in the world that I would weigh against that ; but we must be reasonable. . If .you had a presentiment that you would be drowned as we sailed home, I should very likely be dreadfully uncomfortable, if your presentiment was really' strong, but I wouldn't have you walk back instead for anything. It is for your sake, not for. mine, I want you to go on with it. If I followed my ' inclination I should say, ' Tear it up, and let ub sit here for ever and ever.' ' ' Margy, tell me to tear it up ; ah, do, my dear, and we will do whatever you wish. Only tell me to destroy it.' Margy shook her head hopelessly. ' Don't disappoint me, Frank,' she said. 'I care for nothing in the world compared to you ; but what reason could I give for doing this ? Why it would just show that I didn't care for you a bit. It isn't the pleasant course I am taking — that wasn't a pleasant look on your face when you shouted at me to give you your palette.' 'What did I do?' asked he— ' shouted at you?' ' Yes, dear, awfully loud ? and you looked like Macbeth. It is just because I don't want you to look like Macbeth permanently that I insist on your going on with.it. That fantastic !idea of yours that you would run a risk was the original cause of it, and when ycu have finished the pictnre, and seen that you have run no risk, you will eec that I 'was right.' Frank stocd up. 'To-morrow may be too late,' he said. ''Do you .really tell me to go on 'with it ? ' ' Frank, dear, don't be melodramatic. You were* just as nice as you could be all the way up here. Yes, I tell you to go on with it.' Frank dropped the hand he had raised in declamation, and stood quite still. The leaves whispered on the trees, and the water tapped against the 6ide of the boat. Then for a moment the breeze dropped, and the boat swung round into the current. The little ripples made no sound against it, and there was silence— tense, absolute silence. Then Margery lay back in the boat and , laughed. ' I'm sure this is one of the occasions on which we ought only, to hear the beating of our own hearts; but as a matter of fact I don't. Gome, Frank, don't stand there like a hop-pole.' Frank elowly let his eyes rest on her, but did not emile. Margery waited a moment. ' Let's go a little higher up, ' ehe said, ' there's plenty of water.' Frank pushed the boat out from the bank and jumped in. 'I must go home,' he said. *'I must get on with the portrait. There's no time to lose, Margy ; please let me go back at ence.' 'What time is it?' asked she. ' I don't know,' said Frank quickly. 'I only know that if I am to finish it I mutt go on with it at once. Look, the sun is getting low. I shall not have more than an hour at it to daj .' ??Very well.' Toe wind since that sudden lull had blown only fitfully by gusts,- and by the - time- that they emerged into the broader water it had dropped altogether. Frank took up the sculls and rowed as if Vie was rowing a race. ' What's the matter ? ' asked Margy. ' There b no hurry. It is not late.' He paused for a moment yet. ' You don't understand,' he said. ' There is a hurry. I must get back. Oh, why can't you understand P I must have you or it, and you — you have given me up.' , 'Frank, what do you mean?' asked poor Margery. - ? ' You have given me up for it — it, that painted thing you saw — that, that — Margery, do listen to me just once. You don't understand, dear, but I don't mind that ; only trust me. X only want you to tell me to stop painting.' 'What h the matter with yon?' ehe said, wonderingly. ' Why do you speak to me like that? What nonsense it all is ! I really can't advise you to give it up, because I think it much better that you should go on with it.' ' Yes, I know you think it's nonsense,' said Frank ; that's just the way with you. Every thing you don't understand you think is absurd.' ' Do you understand it yourself ? ' ' No, of course I don't. Art isn't frightened of things Art understands.' ' Well, it's no use being frightened of things one knows nothing of,' said Margy. ' You see, I believe it will do you all the good in the world to get it finished, and I really can't advise you not to do it. When will it be done ? ' ' The part that is important,' said Frank slowly, ' will be done to-morrow evening.' He took up the oar and rowed on again in silence. Margy was sitting in the stern, wonder ing whether Frank had better see a doctor. That he was in good health two days ago she was certain, but she knew perfectly well that the mind can react upon the body. However, she had decided that the best cure for his mind was to finish the picture, and she determined to let things be. It was only till to-morrow evening, and then ? ? The grating of the boat on the shingle roused her, .and Frank jumped out and drew it more to land. ' Where did you say Armitage was ? ' he asked . ' At Newquay.' ' I wish he hadn't gone away. I want him to see this very much. He is such a scoffer at all that I believe. Perhaps I might convince him a little.' Margy felt relieved at the suggestion. The presence of another person in the house would be a good thing. She knew the absolute necessity of keeping her own nerves in perfect order, and there is nothing so contagious as disordered nerves. ' He said he would come back if I wrote to him,' she said. ' Shall I write F' ' Yes, do ; or telegraph, so that he can get here to-morrow morning.' Frank left her on the terrace, and went to the studio. ' I Bhall come to you as soon as it begins to get . dark,' said Margy, 'and Bee how it is getting on. I will eend the telegram at once.' She was very unwilling to confess, even to her self, that she was at all uneasy ; but the thought of Armitago coming was, without doubt, very grateful to her. She had uever, from a child, been disposed to fear the unknown. As a child, she had never seen reason to suppose that bandits and mangled corpses lurked in dark cupboard?, and Bhe would have required ocular proof of their presence in such places to treat such a possibility seriously, whereas Frank had always assumed that they were there, until a candle had made it clear that they were not. There are certain ad vantages in not having an imaginative mind. Consequently, now, inasmuch as she had not ever seen or heard of an artist going mad, or his spiritual form being in any way disturbed by painting his own portrait, she was not inclined to think that this particular artist was going to experience anything which was not common to the race, and she put down her slight uneasiness to the contagion derived from Frank's own dis ordered nerves. In such a case ehe decided that Armitage's presence would be a distinct gain. She busied herself with ordinary household duties till it began to get dusk, and then went to the studio. The room was already growing dark, though a dull gleam from the west still shone in at the window. Frank was standing just opposite the door, on the other side of the room, with bis face turned towards her, standing as he so often stood, with his hands buried, in his coat pockets, leaning against the wall. 'Why, Frank,' Bhe said, 'you can't paint by this light' Something stirring at her elbow made her turn round quickly. Frank was fritting in a deep chair in the shadow, staring blankly before him. She had mistaken the portrait for her husband. Fora moment neither of them spoke or move1. Then Frank got .out of the chair where he was sitting, and crossed the room to where that honible fac-simile of himself leaned against the whll, and putting himself unconsciously, Margy felt, into the. same attitude, turned towards her. ' Do you see how like we are ?' he said, speak ing Blowly, as if he had some difficulty in finding the words. ' No wonder you mistook it for me. You cannot see it properly in this light ; by day light the likeness is even more remarkable. Is it not cleyer of me to have painted such a picture ? There is no picture like it in the world.' Frank paused, but Margy said nothing. .:. ' There were some things about me you did not know before — things whicb.were.part of me, vital to me,' he went oh.- ' You can see them now, can you not, in the portrait's face and in mine ? clearest in mine— but still, quite clear enough in the other. They say that heavy firing over water brings corpses to Che surface. That may or may not be trrie ; but I at least have brought my corpses to the surface. Are they not pretty? I wonder if they will go floating there always P Perhaps one would get tired even of corpses if one had to see them always, if one could see nothing else. Do you remember last Sunday in church, Margy, when Greenock read abont the books being opened, and every man being judged by what was written in them ? By the way, Mrs. Greenock writes sosnete. He said she was an accomplished sonneteer. Well, do you know what those books are ? . They are nothing else than the faces of the men who are being judged. That is my book you see painted there. I wrote it all niYself, every line of it, from beginning to end. Why did you want to see it so much ? It iB not a nice book. I wish now I had never written it. ' The Life and Adventures of Frank Trevor.' But there are some chapters I cannot remember, the chapters you and I wrote together, about ? Do you remember what they were ? There was one chapter about the little creek where we went to day.' Frank stopped and looked about the room as if he was searching for something. Margy went to him quickly and laid her hand on his shoulder. 'Frank, dear,!' she said, speaking in her natural voice, ' do you remember that you askei me whether I really wished you to go on with the picture ? Well, I come to tell you that I have changed my mind. I think you had better leave' it alone altogether. Tear it up, burn it. It is not' good. And when you have done that we will go' ?and find those chapters you spoke of, which we wrote together. I have them aU quite safe. They are none of them lost.' For a moment a look of intense relief came over ! Frank's face. Even in the darkness Margy could I see that it had utterly changed. She glanced with ! horror at the portrait, which but a moment before ' had been the reflection of his face. But almost immediately he shook his head. ' fj ' No, I must finish it now,' he said. ' There is very little more to do .to *'t. I have worked very . quickly to-night. Jusfc one thing wants doing-, I one line by the left eye is not quite right yet. Don't you see what I mean ? No, it is too dark for you to see it now, though I can see it quit 3 clearly. I wish I could explain to you what I mean. Don't you see it is I who stand there oa that easel ? ThiB tbingjhere is nearly dead. It's like Pygmalion, isn't it, only the other way round ? He made his Statue come to life, but I have put my life into that picture. Of course, the story of Pygmalion is true. I could have done that once ; it is easier than what I have done now.' 'Yes, dear,' said Margy, quietly. 'I knew this would be a wonderful thing. But it is tor- dark to look at it now. Let us come away, and we will find those chapters you spoke of. I have got them all I tell you. They seem to me very good, quite as good as those chapters you have written there.' They went out together, and Margy drew her arm through Frank's, and all her soul went out into that touch. For one moment she felt Frank's arm tremble under the loviDg press of her fingers, but he said nothing. 'How hot it is,' she eaid. ' There will be a storm to-moirow. Let us sit down here, and I will tell you what you have forgotten.' 'Those other chapters, you mean?' asked Frank. ' Yes, dear. They are very short. Just, this, Frank : that I loved you, and love you none the less now. I saw what your fear was ; it was fear for me, not for yourself. You thought that if you painted this you would have to put it into some thing I did not know, something you were afraid of my knowing. But the chanters we wrote together are still true ; they are the truest part of it all. Your picture is not complete. It wants the most essential part of all.' Once more she felt that tremor go through him . Her slender chance was not hopeless yet. Bat still he said nothing. ' You told me I did not understand what you meant ; but I understand it now. But you did not understand me either if you thought that any thing could make any difference to my feelings for you. We have all of us in our natures some thing not nice to look at ; but what we stand or fall by is our beautiful chapters. You cauuot destroy that, Frank, because they belong to me as well as you, and I will not have them destroyed. You thought you had lost them, but you have not ; they are here. You may read them now with me.' Margy paused, and on the silence came tho sudden quick-drawn breath that opens the gates of tears. In another moment she felt Frank's arms round her, and his hands clasped about her neck. ' Margy, Margy,' he whispered, 'you have got them still, even now. Now you know what I did not dare tell you. But what can I do ? My judgment book is there. How can that not be part of it ?'» 'Do you remember what you said?' asked Margy. 'Did you not tell me that you loathed what you were painting. Why did you loathe it r ' Why did I loathe it ? Why, because it was what it was — something horrible — wretched.' ' Let's go to the studio,' said Margy. At the door she paused, and took out of her pocket a knife. Then she opened the door, and lit a candle. Opposite them stood the work of the last week. ' You must see what you arc doing,' said Margy ; and she went up to the picture, candle in hand, and held out the knife to Frank. He took the knife from her hand, and stood looking: at the picture a moment. 'You devil, you devil!' he said; and next moment he had thrust the knife through the face. He grasped the side of the easel with one hand, and with the other stabbed and cut the figure in fifty places. The torn shreds he ripped off, and threw them on the ground, trampling on them, or picking them up to tear them again ; and in a few moments all that was left was a few threads hanging from the frame. [the end.] 