A CHRISTMAS SERMON. fBv the Rev. David Paton, D.D.] "Great is the mystery of Godliness. God was manifest in the flesh."—Timothy, iii., 1(3. As you are all, no doubt, aware, tins is the season that is generally chosen for the celebra tion of the birth of Christ. And if any event that has ever happened is worthy to be remem bered this is the one. _ I say not that it should bo greeted with noisy snout or held with empty show. That would be to degrade it to the level of a common occurrence. It should t>9 written—it should be treasured in our hearts. That it deserves to be remembered thought those who know its wonder and impor tance better than we do. For to crown it with meet honors and hail it with due praise they were not slow to leave for the time the glories of their celestial abode. "What did it-matter that the human race was ignorant of the boon it was getting, and in fact does not even yet value it sufficiently ? They could not hold their peace; they could not curb their joy. By reason of the hopes it raised—of the admira tion and love and worship it awoke in their breasts, they were all affected in the same way and gave vent to their feelings in the well known words, "Glory to God, &c.;" I would like, then, to take the present opportunity of suggesting to your minds some of the things and thoughts involved in the incarnation, as it is called—the unique event of God clothing himself with a human nature. It is \ hope it may he profitable" to turn aside ^ little and with faith, reverence, and meditation behold afresh this great sight. ' It will ba necessary for my purpose to say a few words on the creation of all things. In the beginning we read that God made the heavens and thd; earth. Away back in the history of our worldi further than we can go, the things which ivtf see every day began their existence. That isl to say, there was a time when there wote no suns nor stars, no angels nor men. In the depths of the past eternity God was alone. He had no works to praise Him. He had' no creatures to obey .Him. We cannot form any clear ideas of an eternity that was unbroken on of an existence that was alone. But I think you will see what I want to be at. Webelievd that our race is one of the youngest of God's intelligent families. We believe that there are other beings older, abler, higher, holier than we. But though we even place -ourselves in thought at that point of time when God's first works and eldest sons were ushered intp being, there would still be a boundless, endless' period before that during which God must hUve both lived and loved. This is the first idea I wish to convey to your minds — God's, solitary grandeur- and glory, that goodness and glad ness which He had in Himself when as yet He had formed none either of His works or of -His creatures. He was alone. Besides Him in truth there was none else. His was and ever had been an- existence infinitely blessed and • beautifull But as Scripture tells, and as even natural reason suggests, the time came when this silence was to be broken and this solitude dis Eelled. All things and all beings were mada y the word of His power. He may have dona these'things slowly or in an instant, .. for time is, -so to say, of no • moment -to Him, With Him a thousand years are as one day.. Very likely, top, countless millions of years have elapsed since the first dawn of creation, so that for anything we know God-may have both creatures and worlds scattered up and down His large dominions which: have already existed for a brief eternity._ Of course we do not expect to get much information, of this sort from the Bible; It was written to tell us not so:much about the birth of the' angels or the age of the. stars as about the ' perfect character of Him who is before them all, , and also about the relation we sustain to Him.r 16 is a hook meant to make us good rather than learned.'It does .not disparage earthly wisdom, but it professes to teach only the ;wisdom that is from above. It seeks to ■win our heart, knowing that thereby it ■will soon sanctify our intellect-. But it does tell us that creation was at one time a new thing. The things that are seen were not made of the things* that do ap pear. If we may so say, God' broke in upon His everlasting. and blissful rest ' when .He brought all things out of. the womb of .the in visible. God introduced quite _a new state of things then when, in the ancient time,; He called suns and souls into being. Wo are therefore now ready to ask this farther ques tion, for all that.1 have already said was intended to prepare • the way for it—Why did God create at all • Why did He npt reipaim—as He. had presumably for so lonh been—alone, in His holiness and haziness ? Why should He have broken in upon His glorious privacy? In His presence tberebad always been fulness of joy—ab His right hand pleasures for evermore. His cup of bliss was exquisite and infinite; Was there any reason why-He should become, as it were, other than He had been 1 -Was there, in short, any necessity impelling Him tothis course of action?sYes, there was a necessity upon Him— the only necessity which can influence Him— and that was the necessity of love. • "He could not and would not subsist without creatures to whom He might impart His life-and activity His joy and peace. A. joy unspeakable He had —but it was hot, it never could- be selfish. He could not lock it up in His own bosom, and therefore did He command into being at succes sive epochs of time all ranks of creatures, from the meanest insect to the highest seraph, that He might make them as happy as their respective capacities would admit of,' -We say rightly that God is infinitely blessed, but just because He is so He would—He must give of that blessedness to others; tlreation is an object on which He can lavish the wealth of His affection; Taking these tilings into consideration, then wa shall he "better able to understand the signifi cance of the birth, of Christ into the. world. If it was love (as I have .tried .to show that it was) that, prompted creation, " much' more surely was it love which was the mqtiveipower of redemption. . If free grace .and boundless condescension and 'holy, generosity led tho Most High, to create, how much more did He show Himself to* be gracious and lowly and generous when He took, it upon Him also to redeem. Wejdo not know how all the other races of rational beings which God has made and with whom He may have peopled Hia great universe ; we do not know how they have used their gifts and :fulfilled; their destiny. They may have fallen or' they ;may not. But this we do know—that we are hot as God made us. A- principle has; entered into bu2" souls contrary to His will and fatal to oue peace. Sin has—like a false god—risen up and tyrannised over us,- and we have wor shipped, loved; Served .it instead bt the: living God. I nee'd scarcely say this for .you know it—know it all too .well. This1 is it which poisons . all the sweetness, sullies all the purity, and degrades all. the dignity of our nature.' What then ? : Having _ made suffi cient provision at the first, for His creatures, shall not God leave them as they have left Him ? Since they have abused His gifts and spurned' His authority, shall He hot mete out to them their deserts'! Ah, my dear friends, you and I know, little about God if we think He will leave any of" His. moral creatures to perish without'first doing everything for them that a wisdom ■ unsearchable," a love unspeak able, a power almighty can do. . God. could not have done other than Ho has done with out smothering all the. sublimest emo tions of His heart—without doing, .violence to the deepest instincts of His nature.. , I do not say that we deserve'any such mercy, f We do not. Any one of you who thinks- that he hag a right to a claim upon God's saving grace, has yet to learn what an exceeding evil and bitter thing sin is. More than this, God resisteth— opposeth the proud.. While it is true that we must be very humble and. can never be too humble in our own esteem, yet it is and must be. as true that God is good: and gracious whether we accept or-rej'ect His offers. Sin did not create love in God—it merely brought it out—gave-it. new play and field. Such is the glory of. His character that not'anything will be left undone that .divinity itself can dc rather than that any poor sinful-race of beings should he left toendure all the miserable conse quences of their guilt. God could easily have left us to reap what-we had sown so far as Hia Eower was concerned, but;so. touched was Hia eart with our wretched case, so moved with compassion was He, so burdened with sym pathy for our misery that. He - humbled Him self to be found in fashion as a man. - The length we have :. now '■ got in our enquiiy then. is this — that when God was found "in the likeness' of man the very same divine principles were brought to light as were at the root of the making of all things. -He desired to share His bliss with His creatures, and therefore He not only made us at the first, but when by sin we sacrificed our peace and pleasure, in the fulness .of time He sent'forth-. His Son. But then while the spirit in which Gcd made all things was the same as that hi which He became flesh, the fulness or. perfection of the one as a revelation of Himself is "not so greab as that of the other. The incarnation is some thing diviner even than the creation. ; Just as the proportion of light supplied, by the sun ia vastly greater than that which we get from the moon—though tliey are both fountains of the same blessing—so is there far more of the true character of God disclosed -in the humanity of Christ than in all the wonders of nature. A machine might breed within us some concep tions of the skill of him who made it; .but a brief word or kindly action—-aye, even the mere sight of the maker or designer of it would give us more realinsightinto themau him self than all its complex and skilful operations. Now we may say that the true knowledge of God is attained in a similar way. , No doubb it is Moth interesting "and instructive to con sider- the works of God. They kindle within us when rightly contemplated great ideas of His power and presence, of His wisdom and watchfulness, of His care, and love. When we have eyes- to see all nature is one splendid volume in . which we may learn the will and ways of God. We lose much by thinking of it apart from Him. If we were but" attentive it would' read us daily lessons, giving "us in its own manner light, and hope, and knowledge, and faith, and encouragement. Observe, however, the marked difference be tween nature and grace, or rather between the creation and the incarnation, The/world ia God's world without doubt, so that in it everything speaks of His glory, but it is not God Himself. When you Bask in the light of His sun' ana bathe in the air of His heavens, when you seo things beautiful or hear sounds melodious, you are not necessarily brought into con tact with God Himself. These things and others may suggest Him to your minds, but you never for a moment suppose that, though they were all gathered into one essence' or- put in one place—concentrated into a single focus— they, would make up the living God. You feel in your soul that while without Him these things could not be, yet He is quite different from them all. They are only proofs, effects, exhibitions, indications of fiis power and wisdom. They are only proofs of His good ness. They are only rays of His glory. They are only hints of His character. They are not the Divine Being Himself. They may speak, they do speak about Him, but they are not God Himself speaking. He is a spirit, and cannot bo seen with our eyes nor heard with our ears. These are His works, and He is behind, before, beneath, within them all, but He and they are not one. He is above them and before them and independent of them. He could blot them all out of existence as Ho brought them into it, and He would still remain the same great and glorious being as He has ever been. But now think again of the incarnate Son of" God. " In Him God Himself, the very Divine Being, was manifested in the Sesb. We speak of nature and of natures God. ..But we may not—must not separate between God and Christ. Christ was God. "God was Christ. If I may so speak there was no sacrifice'of God's personal dignity m the making of ever so many worlds or creatures, fot" in making them He did not lower Hmiselt to-their level. He was still above them and distinct from them. He gave them out of His fulness, but-kept Himself still in His place, Supreme arid exalted as of old. But in Christ Jesus Ho really emptied and humbled Him self. He became—so far at least as the out ward form was concerned—He became some thing that He had never before been, in Christ- -He consented to be one of the very creatures which He had made when our race began.. It was not that any change could pass upon what divines call His substance or essence.: His Spirit and His nature are and m.ust be the same now and for evermore. But then He.condescended to take a nature and a place which were not His—which _ were far beneath His glorv and dignity, as indeed the place and nature cf every creature must be to Him who is the first and the last—the King of Hin^s'hfid the Lord of Lords. Inere need be now°no groping after God in the dark. Our eyes - can see. our bands can handle of the word of.life. "God was manifested intheflesh." This is great thought I grant, almost too great for our little minds to grasp ; a good one too, almost tod good for our hearts to embrace. But whether we believe it or understand it, or hot, it is true. '' In the beginning was the Word and the'word was with God, and the word was Godi and the word became flesh and dwelt among us." " In the fulness of time God sent forth his Son.'"' "To us a son is bom and his name is called Wonderful, Counsellor, the Mighty God, the Everlasting Father,, the Prince of fence.". Is it wonderful that ^ men do sometimes rise up and say that this is too good to be true ?• Is it strange that while thev admit, thut.he was a holy man, the holiest of men, that truths the deepest were of His speak ing, and -acts the noblest of His doing, they should doubt whether He were the yerv Son of God ? They have 110 fault to find with His life. .It is lovely with the beauties of holiness, rich •with the splendors of mercy, great with the glory of goodness, even in their imperfect sight. But they ask how. coiild the Eternal take so much interest in finite creatures like us as to become one of ourselves ? Will God in very deed dwell with us ? Shall the most high, the Hole monarch of the universe, descend and take up His abode in our world as a poor, forsaken, despised'Son of man ? All! this is too great a tax unon our faitli. God help our unbelief . Now • such -reasonings as these are _ very natural." Hay, I appeal to all your consciences whether you have not yourself at times haa thoughts something like these ? To tlnnk that God should act as if He had nothing else to do but merely to look after us frail and faulty creatures L The more we reflect the more shall we he struck dumb with wonder at the immense goodness, the infinite condescen sion the fathomless humility, the matchless grace of God. We do not know what we are about if -we regard it with common feelings. Surely it is ground for marvel that God should be so intent on doing us good, that He should take upon- Himself our very unworthy nature, and in that nature suffer a whole world ol sorrow and-agony and shame. We have fre quent occasion to speak of the true manhood or Christ, riot because we are so slow to believe it, but so quick tofotget it. For we can never have the-' completest confidence in Him unless- • - we -are' firmly persuaded that He was tried .with our temptations and compassed with bur infirmities, that it behoved Him in all things to be made like unto His brethren. The doctrine of His full and sterling humanity is one from which We --may • derive streams of consolation a.nci strength, freshness of hope, and vigor of faith. But At is only one part of the great truth about His person, and that other part is brought before us in the incarnation. Christ Jesus -was God in human form—bod manifested in the flesh. Thinlc what you mean when you- say. this, for we often use such words without grasping their mighty import. Was the mail Christ Jesus God's own image—the invisible become visible, the Creator become created, the infinite become finite, God become man ? Then what an interest and charm hover round the life of Jesus ! Was Christ a helpless infant hanging at-bis mother's breast. -Lhen was God as a littlechild. Was Christ a common bo v, obedient to bis parents away in the obscure 'village of Nazareth? - Then did God resign His own authority and submit to that of others. Did He, like other children, grow gradually in wisdotrv and grace as in stature and years. Then did the only perfect one become the im perfect that He might reach His maturity even as wo do.>Did Christ earn His-bread like any day laborer among us ? Then was God working with His hands, toiling with His body, planning with His brain. Did Christ preach to aU who would hear Him? Then was God speaking by His lip's. Did-Christ heal diseased bodies, set broken limbs, restore lost eyesight, unstop deaf ears, quicken the lethargy of palsy, cleanso .the loathsomeness of leprosy, despoil even death of his. victims, stop the raving of idiots and suspend the powers of demons?_-l sav, did Christ do all these things? Then so also diii God i - - .but even tms is not all. These are specimens of the things that God did in Christ? It will be necessary also to illustrate wh at He endured. There was a passive in Christ's character- as ' well as an active—a power of bearing as' well as of working. Was Christ grieved, for example, when he witnessed the low state of religion among the Jews, the priests proud," tlie" Pharisees hypocritical, the publi cans unjust, the people indifferent ? Then in the same-way and at the same time was the great God grieved also. Was He distressed when He saw how dull of apprehension and how slow of faith and how poor in affection His'disciples were ? Then was that distress of His tho very distress of God. Is it written that in, numberless forms Christ bore the contradic tion of sinners against Himself, hearing the false reports about Him, seeing the bitter malice with'which:they thought of Him? • It is true in this also that God bore it alL Nay more, if God was:in .Christ, as. Scripture asserts, then the'passion and the agony, the crucifixion and thedeaili have a very world of meaning in them, ; it was God Himself in human nature that'the Jews betrayed, that the soldiers seized, that Pilate condemned, that foes abused, . that friends forsook. When God visited this world of ours in person, as He did 1,800 years ago, with-grace on His lips and love in His heart, the reception He met with from men like us was' " Away with Him !. Away with Him ! -' Crucify Him! Crucify Him!" You will see "that I am at present confining my attention to this one idea, that God was in "Christ not merely as He is in us but as He can only be in the one perfect man—the second Adam —.the . representative _ of our race. Christ was not only the revelation of God, but He was God Himself revealed. God'was not simply'picfured, but He was really present in Christ;, So truly was God identified with the man-Christ Jesus that what is true of the one is,;under certain conditions, true of the other. Por'you. will remember that Christ once used these deep, words'—"I and my Father, are one?-. and::he.that hath seen Me hath seen the Father." • _ ■■ That this Vis the true state of the case will, appaari from the conduct -of the apostles after.Hisascension. While Christ was with -.them in person they did not quite comprehend: that _ the Almighty God Himself looked out of His eyes, spake in His words, breathed in His spirit, lived in His deeds, was glad in His gladness, and sad in His sadness. Put .when; He was glorified and the veil was taken .away_.and the Holy Ghost given, new views possessed their hearts and new,visions floated before their minds. So soon as the first'period^ of wonder and doubt, and hope and fear was over' they could contain themselves no longer.; Their hearts were full. Their tongues Were : loosened. Their understandings were enlightened. -Far' and near they went, to prince and peasant they spoke, and the burden of'the story 'was that God had been among them, living, loving, doing, dying, that they had seen. Him, served Him, heard Him, and that 'by . His' orders they were to go about preaching this gospel to every creature. This accounts for the success they met with. They went everywhere with breathing thoughts and burningTvords. In proof of their story .that He was the Son of God they told how He spake as never man spake, loved as never man loved, ' lived as never man lived, died as never man died. ' With what power and pathos they Would, tell gf this incident and of that. In listening,; to them their hearers would almost think that; they had heard Christ Himself speaking, and they could not well deny that such words and such works must be those of a God and not of a man. ." The. message tfjen which they had to declare is the same for all time and all men. God has been among, us in our world, for our. advantage, not as a-: guest merely, not merely to take nofes of our number and condition, not merely ' like' a good angel hovering for a brief space over our.heads, not merely as an ambassador from a foreign and injured monarch. He was more and'..mightier, because more merciful than all these. God was among us as a father seeking ' His' prodigal children, as a shepherd searching, for His lost sheep. He did not keep Himself aloof from us; one of our very selves He became in all the lowliness and limitation of humanity. Not the eternity of His being, nor the infinity, of His nature, nor the perfec tion of His character could hinder Him from being found in fashion as a man, from humbling Himself to death, and that the death of the cross. 1 , It is quite easy to raisea great many objections to this doctrine; but if we never believe more than we can understand we shall have a poor life- of it. The question for you and me is—not how can.these tilings be, but are these things so? We should rather ask not is God able, but is He willing to do this thing? Being Almighty He has no want of power and oppor tunity—of ways and means. But has He the will—the heart—so to do? He can do all . things, but is He so interested in us as to do them? Thanks be unto God for His unspeak able giftj-because by it we know that He is, as /He. says, Jove.. We may and ought to have the lowliest thoughts of ourselves. We .should '-^disclaim all right to the bounty of God's grace. But woe betide us if we do not rise up to the belief of His good news. It may be hard for us perhaps at the first to give credit to mercy so unbounded, and grace so rich, and goodness so great. But by faxing our mind on Christ Jesus, as God in human form, the power of His* love shall seise fast hold of us, and whatever we may think of ourselves we shall be unable to doubt that He is any other than the good and glorious Being the Gospel shows Him to be. We shall get to see that He can do all things that are consistent with absolute wisdom and love, and purity and truth, and righteous ness and peace. We shall be able to say with the apostle, if in wonder yet in faith, great is the mystery of Godliness—God manifest in the flesh. We believe that this is the Christ the Son of the living God. I entreat you to give credit to the great fact we have been considering. I am sure your heart cries out for one like Christ, whether you hearken to it or not, for one who is like you and yet above you. Is there not a deep longing in your soul for one who is free of all change, full of all tenderness, faithful in. all circumstances; one whose character you can love and worship and trust—who will rebuke your sin and yet save you from it ? God. in Christ, then, is that one, only higher, better, holier, kindlier than we can "conceive. That divine man, God, our brother and Saviour, has Himself gone the round of human duty, drained the cup of human, sorrow, borne the brunt of human trial, quenched the darts of human temptation, died the death of human woe. Than this I know no gladder news in all God's book. Receive it and believe it. He that believeth on the Son of God—believeth in his heart that Christ is as God—hath ever lasting life. - 