BUDDHISM. IN CHINA. Temples are built on hills, and trees are planted around them. The wind whistling through the pines gives out a sound which Buddhists say Is praise to Buddha's law. They think the same of the sound made by water flowing down a rocky channel; the rosident priests like to watch the foaming flood rushing past. This, too, is music in praise of Buddha, and it is shown in pride to visi tors. Each temple has its own revenues. Land was left formerly to each monastery to maintain it. Near Peking, one-the richest I have heard of-has about £2900 a year as revenue from land. The situa. tion of many temples is charming. Soli tude, beautiful scenery, a mountain brook are sought for. Trees are planted in abundance, especially such as are pro ductive of fruit suitable for market, materials used in dyeing, or flowers employed in the manufacture of perfumes. The monks grow tea and medicinal plants. They have lay brothers in their monasteries who attend to these things, and prepare produce for the market. To attract visitors it is also necessary to cultivate flowers, which are placed in the temple courts. Goldfish are kept in ponds, and this is considered specially appropriate, because it is meri torious to save the life of animals. In large monasteries among hills, wa'or is conveyed by bamboo pipes from a natural spring or mountain stream to those parts of the monastery where it is required. In the rooms occupied by the abbot aid his chief assistants are found many elegant ornaments. Buddhism has a d'ctrine of good luck, and it encourages the use of the Tooyi, a kind of carved sceptre, which, if placed on a table, keeps away uncanny beings such as ghosts and demons. It is made of j -de, or oi some carved wood or bronze. Vases, large and small are much used. Tables and boxes of dark and light coloured wood are liked in some parts of the country. Chess-boards and check-pattern furniture are made of these woods. In some of their furniture bone and ivory ornamental lines are inserted-in fact all the usual specimens of Chinese and Japanese cabinet work are to be found in the monasteries of the Buddhists. Their temples are a refuge for many valuable antiques, which are under the care of the priests, and at the same time areaccessible to the public. Painting and sculpture owe much in China and Japan to the Buddhists, who in both countries have acted as custodians of objects of art, and transmitters of the arts themselves. In regard to architec ture, the Buddhists have originated their own style in China, and have therefore a good right to live in the temples they occupy. The curved roof was introduced by them. It appears to have come in with the pagoda, and is probably intended to act as a check to demons, who move in straight lines and never turn a corner. Queer animal shapes are seen on the sky-line of the roof and on the gables. These are likewise a protection against demons. This is also true of the:pair of stone lions which are placed in front of the temple, one on each side of the entrance door, or on the stone pavement which fronts the principal hall of Buddist worship. When the Buddhist priest dies, he is burnt, according to the old Indian custom. Fire is a sacred element which drives out the impure parts of the human body that are there through the agency of the evil spirit. Fire tends to ascend, and carries the soul to the abode of the Supreme Ruler. Cremation be gan in Persia, probably before Zoroaster, and it sprang out of the early Babylo nian philosophy of the elements. It had nothing to do with sanitation. It was simply a religious idea that originated it. When the body is disolved at death, fire conveys the pure parts to the celestial paradise. It was this custom in India that the Buddhists followed in burning their dead. The Nirvana, or final extinc tion, is the end of the world's delusion. The priest is said to enter the Nirvana when he dies, and the act of buring is an outward sign of it, and, euphemistically. they give it this name on the principle -de mtortuis nil nisi bonums. Many an indifferently good priest is said in his epitaph to have entered Nirvana who ought rather to have first gone through very many purifying changes in the wheel of metempsychosis. Epithaphs are not so truthful as they ought to be.-"Sunday at Home." I was a witness recently of a most extra ordinary experiment. In this instance the subject, says a correspondent of Casse l's Saturday Journal, was a lady of marked sensitive temprament~. The willer was a gentleman of racing proclivities. He had conceived an idea that it might be possible to turn his power into proper issue. Tak ing a racing programme for a certain meet ing, he put the lady into a species of trance, and represented to her that she was in the grand stand at the races In question. In a few momunts she was all alert, and began to describe the whole scene in a vivid man ner. "Now they are at the starting post!" "How many horses are there ?" said my friend. "Three, four--no, five! Nowthey are off ! No, it's a false start!" Then a pause. "Now the Big has fallen! Oh, what a dust they make ! I can't see. Now one horse is leading ! Oh it's a long way from the rest ! No [following the imaginary race with her eyes from. one side of the room to the orther], now the second horse is catching him up ! Ah, now they have passed the pest !" "Which horse has won ?" asks my friend. "I can't quite see; it'a all so dim; they are making such a dust."' Then she began to spell out the name of a horse. My friend read out the probable starters. Yuddenly she hit upon one, and nothing would move her from the fact thbat this was the winner. The whole affair was so uncanny, that my friend was sanguine enough to believe he had hit upon a short; cult to succas. on the turf, especially as the horses she gave were nearly all favourites. The result was that at the end of the day he found that not a single horse she had named had been successful! But now comes the most extraordinary part bf the whole business. In the evening of the same day he took a race-card with the winners all marked in pencil. Again he took her in fancy to the racecourse; again she minutely described the episodes of the various events. But this time, strangely enough, not only did she name the exact number of starters, but she also gave every winner correctly, without a single excep tion ! 