Windsor Police Court. FRIDAY, SEP. 21. Before Dr Callaghan and Messrs P Butler and W F Linsley, Js.P. Andrew Alfred Collison was charged with un lawfully assaulting Louisa Matilda Collison, his wife, on the 16th instant, at Windsor. Pleaded not guilty. Mr J J Paine for complainant, Mr E Gampbell for the defence. Louisa Matilda Collison deposed that she was the wife of Andrew Alfred Collison, the defend ant; lived with him up to the 16th inst; was at her husband's residence on Sunday morning; at about half-past eight, was grilling steak for break fast, and told him that he had made a hole in his manners going on the way be did; there were two old friends of his listening, and he said, " If you don't hold your tongue I will thrash you"; with that he knocked ber down and dragged her by the bead and shoulders, and, putting her on a sofa, and bumped her head up against the wall; he then got her down on the floor and hammered her head on the floor ; he said he would get a housekeeper on Monday morning; told him to get one; he dragged her on the floor again, put her out the front door, kicked ber, and told her to go; he went out into the yard afterwards, and told the boy to let witness in; she then went to Mrs Douglass', next door; went home to her mother's; he struck on Saturday night also; hit her on the eye with open hand he also struck the baby, which was in her arms; had struck her twice before. To Mr Campbell; The reason witness referred to her husband about making a hole in his man ners was because on the Saturday night she had a new dress, and defendant said she should not wear it, and hid it; defendant then said to her you don't take the dress off I will tear it off; witness declined to do so, then defendant com menced to tear it off; then went and changed her dress; defendant did not say he didn't wish her to go to a dance on the Wednesday night previous; witness returned from that dance at half-past two, in company with a married lady and her brother. (Case proceeding.) Mr P J Gandon lectures at the School of Arts on Tuesday evening, October 2nd, on "The allacies of the Single-tax," under the auspices of the Windsor L. and D. Society. During the week the Rev B Dinning has de livered four lantern entertainments in connection with the various Wesleyan Churches in his cir cuit-at Wilberforce, Kurrajong, Enfield, and Windsor respectively. All of these have beenjwell attended, particularly at the three first-mentioned places, where the buildings were crowded. A small charge was made, which resulted in a sum of ¿io being realised in all places towards Church work. The subjects given were, " Mar ley's Ghost," " Ten Nights in a Bar-room," " Life under Canvass," and other temperance stories. 