THE !? aN WHO RAN AWAY. (Br "BsGmi' Ir THE BULLETLx) We all liked Bloxome, and when Hayes, who was a newcomer in the district, told a very discreditable yarn about him, most of us disbelieved it. It was a fact, however; and when Bloxome found out that it was, known, be quietly left, without a word of denial or explanation. Hayes had come up to manage the only sheep station in the district for a large Sydney firm, and a dashing wife accompanied him. A bright-eyed beauty with thin lips marvellously un. pleasant to my mind. The story was this. A few years before there was a determined attack made by the blacks on a station some distance to the south of the district I am writing of. There were two run away troopers amongst the natives, and all hands on the station were within an ace of being massacred, but, after an hard fight, they best the niggers. The station belonged to Mrs Hayes' father. She and a younger sister-both then unmarried-were on the place and so were Hayesand Bloxome. The shame -of the thing was that Blomome took the only available horse on the place and rode away on it, leaving the others to their fate. To those of us who had learnt to know and like the man this seemed in credible; but there was no blinding the facts, and Bloxome took his punish ment without demur. For my part, I put it down to one of those unaccount "able fits of panic which are recorded as -having seized at times upon men of undeniable courage. Nobody could ask Bloxome for an explanation, and he Soffered none. I did not like Hayes, nor did I like his wife, but as they were my neighbors we kept on terms of civility until I, too, left to go out West. Three weary years passed, and I same ir for a spell. The road we had traversed going out with the cattle as a mere bush track was now well cleared and worn with traffic. Wayside pubs had sprang upas the advance posts of civilisation, and the man, with his pack horse had given place to the coach. One evening I went and camped with an old friend, and during the long night's yarn we spoke much of the old district. You will find a former neighbor of yours keeping the pub thirty miles from here, he remarked. That swell manager, Mr. Hayes. The devil ! Yes. The firm he was managing for went broke, and, after many ups and downs, he has found his proper level. And his sweet wife? Oh ! she's there, and a nice life she leads him. The only time he can call his soul his own is when he gets mad drunk. I think I shall pass without calling. But who do you think is groom and ood- aund-water-joey I Ask something easy. Bloxome. Never! Fact. He tried to fight that yarn down and gave it up, I suppose, for he is now nothing but a walking rum cask. I can't understand it; there was some thing behind that we never found out. However, he and Hayes get maudlin drunk together, then Hayes starts in to beat his wife, and Bloxome defends her and takes the thrashing. Three such wrecks you never saw. You ought to call, just for an nnject.lesaon. As it turned out, I did call; one of my horses fell lame and I found it convenient to stop at the pub that night. I pass over my meeting with the people whom I had known under such different `circumstances. Mrs Hayes alternately smirked and rallied at" her husband. Hayes tried to turn it off, and took refuge in drink. Bloxome was sodden and stupid. Alout mid night I was awakened by screams and curses in the bar. Half-asleep, I and two ballockies, who was there, tumbled into the room. Hayes, with a revolver, was threatening his wife, who seemed undetermined whether to stand or run. At our appearance he raised the weapon, shrieking, rye sworn to do for you, you , and now I will 1 WVe all saw he meant it and rushed forward; but the woman would have been as dead as Pharoah before' we could interfere, had Bloxome not staggered in from somewhere and got the shot himsell I shall never for get that scene. A whiff of the sulphurous smell which the discharge of a firearm in a room always causes brings it hack to me at once. The squalid bar, the handsome she devil, half-frightened, half defiant; and the ghost of Bloxome reeling against the counter and then slipping helplessly c'rito the floor. The hballockies and I had the revolver out of the madman's hand in no time. Then I examined Bloxome, and we carried him in to a bed. I managed to stop the bleed ng, but I knew at once that a man in his state could never recover. I sat with him all night, and the ballockies took turn about with Hayes, who had the horrors -bid. JuJoat befdore daylight Bloxome re covered consciousness. He was quite sensible, and his memory clear. He knew he was dying, and was glad to have a friend with him. I've squired accounts with- her, he said, and now II tell -you alLf That woman, as you "cn guess, has been my ruin. She took a fancy to me when I was on 3- station, and she made no secret of it to me. I was gone on her sister Winnie, and would have none of her., There's some Lstin saying bear ing n the ase,'haut I forget it now. He stopped for a minute, for he was wealk. Idid :ot try to prevent his talking, for the poor fellow was bound to die, and I wanted him to clear him self Of course, she guessed about Wint.ie andti I, Ihout if it made her worsn she never showed it. Then came theeven ing when the blacks tackled us. Hayes hbaid' ridden up, and his hIorses were tied to the fence. She (he never mentioned her by any other name), siuddenly came to me crying that Winnie had gone up the river to the old plum-tree only a short distance before-a big shady tree, about half a mils up the river, where Winnie and I bad often met. Take the horse, she cried, ad, if you love her, go after her quick. G-d hlp mne! I never doubted her for a. instant. I rushed ount to the iors', and next ininute.~ s gallop i-anB. "When I could i.;d her, I thought she bad hearW-the blacks coming and planted. I iearched -and ealled until all the fighting was over; then I went back; to find that she had never left the hou-e, ald her sister knew it. I was damned as a coward. Even Winnie would not credit a word -the only one I said-in my defence. After that I could do nothing. I left, but my story bastited me, until I gave it up and tried to drink it down. Somehow I drifte4 here, and I have taken a curious pleasure in knowing that she hates me more and more for living here, a witness to the degradation of her husband and herself. I saved her life to-night, and that was the bitterest blow of all, for I am going where she cannot vent any more spite in me. On the whole, I think we're quits. Just then she peeped in at the door. I guessed she had been listening, and gave her such a scowl that she drew back. Bloxome saw her and smiled at me. He died, very calmly, just at sunrise. Poor old fellow, I felt so glad that I felt so glad that I had been there to ease his heart by hearing the truth. 