^ail fficto^ THE HOK T. PLAYFORD. ARRIVAL IN LONDON. Our London correspondent, writing on May 25, says :— The lion. Thomas Playford arrived in London on Sunday last, having quitted the Oroya at Brindici and travelled overland with the mails. lie waa at the office on Monday and received a number of callers, including Sir John Bray, who managed to come down and welcome bis old colleague. In the evening Mr. Playford's first public appearance was made at Exeter Hall, where he attendi-d the annual May meeting of the Salvation Army. General Booth, when thanking the Australian Governments for the subsidies they had granted the Army, referred with much satis faction to the presence of the Acting- Agent- General for South Australia. '? But,' taid he, *'every Government and every municipality ought to assist us lor taking away their criminals.' On Tuesday I called upon Mr. Playford and I am afraid wasted a quarter of an hour of his time talking about things in general. My first impression was that the ghost of Sir Arthur Blyth sat in tue Agent-General's chair. There is a similarity in the build of Mr. Playford and Sir Arthur, and he turns to one with the same movement and almost the same words — 'What can I do for you, Mr. Blank?'— that the latter ustd. Sir. PJayford looks a strong man mentally and physically. I should say, too, he is ot an energetic temperament and not unlikely to— in Yankee phraseology — 'make things hum.' The interview with Sir John Bray had evi dently been very painful to him. Poor Sir Jobn, whose memory is going fast, had quits forgotten why Mr. Playford had come, and when to eay something the latter spoke of going to Ottawa ho with infinite difficulty enunciated ' What for*' The Acting- Agnut- Generai also rather gueesed than gathtrta that Sir John does not even now believe there is anything the matter with him. At present the family think the unfortunate gentleman a little better, but the physicians have warned Lady Bray not to cherish false hopc-a. Cases of tbe kind are seldom curable. Mr. Playford seemed to think it strange that none of the South Australians who were at home last year should have spoken to him or to other Ministers of the change in Sir John. 'Wo noticed,' he eaid, 'that our colleague's letters wert- very dry and barren and void of the information we were coustantly asking for, but we had not a clue to the reason why.' I might have reminded him that more than six months ago The Advertiser London letters contained guarded references to tbe great change everyone noticed in the Agent-General. More than this was not possible or even detirable. People — I mean conscientious people— are rightiy chary bow thty hint at peculiarities in persons holding an official position. Betides, everyone liked Sir John Bray. He had not such a thing as an enemy in LondoD. Those who stumbled on what tbey believed to be a temporary weakness hoped the Agent-General would get over is and held their tongues. Mrs. and Mies Playford did not land with the Actiog-Agent-Gbnoral at ]-mdi*i, buc came round with, tbe steamer to Tilbury, arriving y^terday. In the early part; of the week Mr. Playford was much engaged seeking a suitable residence. To-day's British. Australasian writes: — 'Mr. Playford is now in town and will formally assume the position of Agent-General for South Australia iu a fow days' time. Ino one, I am sure, regrets more than he does the exigencies which have compelled the retire ment of Sir John Bray. Xlie business, h-is, however, to be faced, and as Sir .lohn Bray was compelled to retire I cannot imagine th;ir. he couid be succeeded by any man more quali fied to represent South Australian interests and sentiments over hero than will be the case with Mr. Playford, xvhose every persona! interest beats in time with the bene'Jeial developments of South Australia.' The fall Mall GaMU of last nichb says :— ' Sir (tic) Thomas Playford, ouco Premier and now Ageut-Geueral of South Australia, has arrived in London just in time for the revival of an old discussion as to tho status of the class to which he is the latest recruit. Ought Agents-Geueral to be public men oE affairs or ought they to be merely official bagman? That is thc-i question thaS colonials on this and the other side of the water are answering with different voices. A not uni.iiiuentiai minority main tains that trade is the first link iu the chain of the empire. So it is, no doubt ; but ths last link will be of a very different make. Therefore, it is not wise to strain this point. And at pre^-ut the suggestion of commercial travellers in Government employnienu is quite unfeasible. Men like Sir Charles Tupper aud Sir Charles Mills neither would, nor could, nor ought to consent to undertake merely commercial work of the kind hinted at. There is plenty of time for this branch of the business to be developed later. 