VICTORIA BRIDGE. The Victoria Bridge Board held another meeting yesterday, at which the tenders for the erection of the new structure were further con- sidered. No decision was arrived at, as the matter of the approaches has not been definitely settled, but it is understood that the lowest tenders will be accepted— namely, that of Mr. John M'Cormick for the piers and superstructure, and that of Mr. Arthur Midson for the abutments and approaches. The amount of Mr. M'Cormick's tender is £92,952 6s., and that of Mr. Midson £16,373, making a total for the whole work of £109,326 2s. 7d. VICTORIA BRIDGE ALLOTMENT. It is understood that the Government have agreed to give the amount asked by the South Brisbane Council for the Victoria Bridge allot- ment. It is not likely, however, that the cor- poration will receive any portion of the amount in cash, as it will go to reduce the debt owing by the council to the Treasury. GREAT SEAL OF THE COLONY. Recently the great seal of the colony came to grief. A portion of the metal work forming what is known as, "the press" snapped in two, and for a brief space consternation reigned. The press of the great seal had been manufac- tured in England, and it was doubted whether the metal workers of the colony would be equal to the task of replacing it with one equally good or even nearly as good. It was imperative that the replacement should take place as speedily as possible, and consequently a Brisbane firm-Messrs. Smith, Faulkner, and Co.-were consulted regarding the matter. They undertook to do the work within a reasonable time, and to repair the broken seal so that it could be utilised, if used with caution, until the new machine was in its place. Through the courtesy of the directors of the Queensland National Bank, Mr. Capner, die-sinker, was permitted to make a drawing of the press of the seal of that financial institution, and from it the firm named have turned out an exceedingly creditable piece of work, and, it is stated, at a most reasonable price. The press weighs about 2owt., and it is a decided improvement on the one formerly in use. The seal itself and the counter-a new counter has been provided- are the work of Mr. Capner, diesinker. AN OLD INSOLVENCY. As the process of closing up old estates under tbo Insolvency, Intestacy, and Insanity Act of last Parliamentary session progresses, somelong forgoiteu business failaros are |being brought back to recolleotion. A few days ago the insolvency of the Ellis Brothers, of Malvern Downs, graziers, engaged the attention of the Supremo Court. Yestorday another remote easo carne before Mr. Justice Roal. This was tho insolvency of George Ellis Walton, of Brisbane, gentleman, who was adjudicated in July, 1870, or noarly twenty-four years ago, by the lato Mr. Justice Lutwyohe. Whether tho insolvent had survived the Judge or not did not appear, but his estate, like an unquiet ghost, remained unsettled. When tho insolvency took place Mr. Tilomas Bunton, solicitor, was a creditor in tho estate to the amount of about £30. His nároe appeared on the list of creditors, but he never proved his debt. Apparently there were no assots which made him think it worth while doing so. Since the estate had passed into the hands of the Official Trustee in Insolvency (Mr. J. B. Hill) howevor, some assets had been discovered. Mr. Bunton recollected his claim, and ho now made appli- cation for permission to prove his debt and obtain with it 8 per cont interest. Mr. Chambers (Messrs. Chambers, Bruce, and M'Nab) appeared on his behalf. As the insolvency and tho proceedings in it wcie under the old Act, the ques- tion nroso whether Mr. Bunton, could now prove his debt'. When the insolvency took place thoro was a Judge in Insolvency, and proofs of debt had to be made before him at public sittings of tho court. The law had changed, and public sittings of this sort wera not held. Mr. Justice Heal said that under rule 21 of the Act, debts- should have been proved at one of three publio sittings of the court unless otherwise ordered. Ho considered, therefore, that he had power to order that a sitting should be held to prove th¡3 debt. Ho accordingly ordered that a publie sitting of the court should bo held on the 23rd instant for receiving and deciding on the proof. THE RAILWAY RATES. As an indication that the question of railway freights on wheat is r. miller's rather than a fanner's question, wo havn been shown by the Queensland Milling Company a letter just received from a large wheatgrower on'the Darling Downs. The willoi, after offering 100 bags of Spring and D. li into wheat at market rates, says:-"I am sorry to say that the Donna millers are mad J*H* now on the railway tariff, and don't know « bat they want, and un- fortunately got sonic fco!i:h farmers to fire their balls." MUTUAL LIFE INSÜU.VSOE COMPANY' OF NEW YORK. A statement ehowinc; tho position of tho Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York nt the close of last year appears at the head of our special advertising columns. It will be noted that the assets of this institution stood at tho enormous figure of £33,388,332 13s. 7d. The income for 1893 was £8,C14;C09 19s. 3d., and tho disbursements for tho same" period £b\23b\147 His. ii., of which £4,288,598 Os. 7d. vvero direct paymont3 to polioy|holders. The sum set aside to meet existing policies and other liabilities is £31,(151,905 Gs. lid., so that there is a surplus for distribution as profits of r;!,i;8li,:«J7 (is. 8d" which i 3 £571,740 4s. lOd. in excess of the surplus at tho olose of the previous year, 'insurance and annuities assumed and renewed amount to £145,522,081 Ills. 8d. It has been customary with some companies to inflate this item by including all insurance within, whether comploted at the dato or not, but the Mutual Life of New Y'ork only reckons in its statement insurance aotually issued and paid for in cash. QUEENSLAND AT THE CHICAGO EXPOSITION. Referring to curtain exhibits furnished by the Post and Telegraph Department to,tho World's Columbian Exposition, tho following is an extiact from a letter reoeived from the repre- sentative Post Office Department, dated Wash- ington, 7th February last :-" It will, fail to do justico to the subject to say that the collection of articlos furnished by your Government was of an exceptionally fino, full, and varied charaotor, and that they contributed very muoh moro than a duo share of the groat popular interest manifested in tho postal exhibits at the Exposition. Tho Postruaster-Generol requests rao.to express his appreciation not only for your generous donation, but for the friendly interest which prompted you to make such a fine repre- sentation in response to tho invitation of the department to paiticipato in the postal dis- play." _ UNJUSTLY IMPRISONED. The Executive Council have decided to release train gaol a Chinaman named Ah Moy, who was convicted by a bench ot magistrates at Stanthorpe on 3rd February last, of an offence against the Olli scotion of tho Ohinosa Restriction Aot ot 1888, and sentenced to a torm of imprisonment in default of payment ot fine of £50. In tho interval it has been discovered that Ah Moy had not illegally obtained entry into Queensland, ha having previously been a resident ol this colony, SPECIAL WEATHER ADVICE. Mr. Wragge issued the following advice from Capemba observatory at 10 o'clock last night: -Disturbance " Zeta" appears to bo making southing, and is'now evidently approaching Hinchinbrook Island. Heavy weather, with copions rains and Cerco squalls, are sure to bo experienced off tho coast north from Cape Capricorn. Shipping again specially advised. This disturbance will probably affect all coast districts between the points named, and may travel further south before Monday; but special advicea will be issued to-morrow (Satur- day). _ DRAUGHTS. There was a laige attendance of players at the Brisbane Draughts Club, at Abraham's looms, Queen-street, last evening. The match of twelve games between F. Passey and Scott, of Melbourne, was continued, and the result so far is- Passoy, 4 ; Scott, 2 ¡ drawn, 2. Arrange- ments are being made for a match between the Spring Hill olub and the newly-formed club at the Junction, Ipswich-road, to como off at an early date. Final arrangements were made for the visit of the Brisbano Draughts Club to Ipswich this afternoon, when a very good match is expected. The following are tho names of the players to represent Ipswich :-Allen, Boyle, R. Brown, W. Brown, Campbell, Day, Pilgrim, Lewis, Wyman, Fittick, Drouyn, Mason. Bris- bano will be represented by Alderman J. A. Clark, who will play H. Wyman, tho Mayor of Ipswich, Abraham, jun., Passey, Attenborough, Scott, Ward, Po3worthy, Horsfall, Hardie, Carnow, Wetherell, Lovekin, Connelly, and C. Abraham, sen., as umpiro for Brisbane. THE GAIETY THEATRE. The Gaiety Theatre will be roopencd this evening, the olever Irish mimic and ventrilo uist, Val Vousden, having decided to entertain i] h Brisbane publio for a season with his won deiial performance. All those who bave had the ploasure of witnessing Mr. Vousden'a inimiorie3 while engaged at the Theatre Royal recently will admit thpt his entertainment is exceedingly clover and laughter-provoking. Mr. Vousden has also strengthened his forces by the addition of fiyo other artistes, and an enjoyable evening is promised to all who go to the Gaiety. THE THEATRE ROYAL. The All Nations Minstrel and Novelty Com- pany are presenting a very interesting und varied programme for this evening. The first part includes many new songs and selections. The second portion will open with the aoro batio performance of the three " Los Tines." The contortions of thoso more babies is wonder- ful, and it is almost impossible to credit that children of such a tender ago could be pos- sessed of tho strongth necessary toonable them to go through their performance. The re- mainder of tho programme is made up of contributions by Miss Florrie Forde, Messrs. Croydon, Holland, and Keenan, Alf. Lawton, and Clara Spencer, Freddie Leslie, and the inimitable Leslie Brothers. The two latter of themselves are a sourco of very great amuse- ment. The evening's entertainment will con- clude with the amusing farce, " The Restaurant ; or, On The Fire." The Commandant's annual inspcolion of a!l the Volunteer oorps in tho Brisbano district will tako place in tho Domain, this aftcrnoor. The several corps will parade at the Adelaide street drill-shed, and bo formed into one bat- talion under command of the senior officer present, and march to the Domain, where they will be formed up in line to receive the General. It is an indisputable fact that Carew, Gardner, and Billington, Limited, aro again to the front with the latest and most fashionable goods. They have immense shipments to hand bought direct from the manufacturers for cash, and offered to the public at a saving of 30 to 50 per cent. This will be olearly demon- strated by visiting their establishment.* As announced elsewhere, the annual meeting of subscribers of the Albion Benevolent Society will be held in the Young Men's Institute, Albion, on Wednesday next. Now opened and ready for inspection at Finney, Islos, and Co.'s, IOC cases and bales, ex s.s. India, also, 163 packages, ox British, French, and German, Southorn mail boats and Eastern steamers; 259 packages added to previous shipments, making tho finest assort- ment of new goods ever shown in Brisbane. [ADVT.J Fashion Plates illustrating all the newest styles for ensuing autumn and winter season are just to hand at Finney, Islos, and Co.'s, and will be sent by post to any address on receipt of postal card.-[ADVT.] 