SUNDAY READING. (Sblected by Ebv, G. E. Bows.) SIXES AND SEVENS. AKADDBESSTO WOEKING MEN. [By the Eev. S. Chadwick,] jLet him that hath understanding count the number of the beast : for it is the . .number of a man; and hii number . is sis hundred threescore and six. — JEtav. ziii. 18. There are more bleached tones of dead theories aroun d this verse than there are about any other verse in the Bible. Hundreds of books have been written to explain the beast and its number, and io identify the man whose number is 6 6 0. There is no hick of variety j for every new interpreter suggests a differ ent eolation, and flatters himself that he has found the koy to the riddle. Every possible manipulation of the figures has been tried, but with so little Success that even an expert liko Dean Alford is unable to say which is right, fend is obliged to leave the whole ques tion in doubt. The expository may, however, be roughly divided into two schools : (1) the historic and prophetic; (2) the mys tic and symbolic. The expositions of the former seek to locate the events, and fix their heroes in history. They have suffered much at the hands of time. Nothing is bo heartless as time. Fix a date, however distant, and, whether you are going to be married or hanged, it comes steadily and relentlessly on. It may leave you crushed or crowned, but there will be neither throb nor quiver betrayed. The unfeeling avenger has made terrible havoc among the prophets of thie strange book. It must be Very provoking. After endlesa cal culation the hero of some prophesied event is proclaimed : by some unfore ?een mischance he dies without progeny. Or the end of the world is settled to Vrithin three-quarters of an hour: the hour arrives, and, lo ! all things remiin as before. To the mystics the Apocalypse is an allegory, a book of signs. And in all symbolic teaching it has to be remem bered that the literal meaning is not tone. You tell your child A stands for apple; yet, as a matter of fact, there is nothing in common between an apple fend the letter A. But the child knows an apple long before its alphabet, and so the apple stands for a sign between teacher and ohild. So in this book. Gold ie not gold, crowns are not crowns, jiarpg are .not harps : these are only signs by which epiritual things are made known. ' Following the clue given in the statement that the number of the beast is the number of a man, much labour has been spent in trying to find the man. Nero, Vespasian, Mohammed, and Napoleon have come in for a large share of attention. I have known Eome devout fanatics who seriously believed the problem found its solution in ? Britain's late prime minister — Mr. Gladstone. And only a few days ago there was discovered a pamphlet written in the last century, in which some Calvinist seriously argues that the man was John Wesley. It is a far cry from Nero to Wesley ; and perhaps, es a matter of exposition, one is as near right as the other. Most people, however, have given up the hope of finding the wonderful boast in an individual, and a place of refuge is sought in systems. Even Godet believes it refers to the Jewish religion, and a host of scholars find it in the Church of Some. I have no hope of settling a question on which experts so widely differ, and happily to do so does not come within our scope. We will leave the divines to settle their difference, and stick to our course, trying to find out spiritual and practical teaching of the book.* . ? I. THE BEABT WHOSE NUMBER IS 6 6 6. ?'? The beast is not one, but three. It is evident the last verse sums up the two chapters, and gives its total mum ber like the answer in an addition sum. 1\. The first beast is the ' great red dragon ' of chapter xii. He has \- ' seven heads and ten horns, and seven crowns upon his head.' He appears in heaven in open revolt against all authority, and with special enmity against the Man-Child. War is pro churned in heaven. The dragon had a large following, even to ' third part of the stars of heaven.' But Michael tend his angels met the rebels in pitch fed battle, defeated the devil, and threw him over the battlements. Heaven rejoicos, but earth beoonieji the scene of slaughter and woe, Defeated in heaven, he will triumph on earth j and he proceeds to persecute the woman and her seed, by which is represented the Church of Jesus Christ. But He who had borne Israel on eagles wings bad prepared for the woman a place safety, and gave her wings that she might reach it. The dragon follows as far as his limited power will let him. and then ' casts out of his mouth floods of water. But help cornea from unexpected quarters. It is always so. {The friend you thought sure to help jpou is always from home when you want him. He was at home yesterday, and ho will be homo to-morrow, but to-day he cannot be found. Tot help always contea. Bo a lad kills the giant, ?This address wm one of a series on the fcoo k of the Revelation. avene and a hungry widow keeps the prophet, and here ' the earth helped the woman.' Proving once more that nature is on the side of righteousness, and ' the stars in their courses' still fight on the side of truth. Who is this daring, determined fiend who disturbs heaven's peace, and is thirsty for the blood of the saints F In verse 9 we are told he is ' that old ser pent, called the Devil, and Satan.' That point is clear enough at any rate ; we have heard of him before. 2\. The second beast rises up out of the sea, and in Daniel's four beasts (Dan. vil. 1—8) rolled into one. It is part leopard, part bear, part Jion, and has the ten horns of Daniel's 'dreadful and terrible ' beast. The moBt remarkable feature in this monster of the sea is that one of his heads hod received a fatal sword-stroke, ' and his deadly wound was healod.' Unto this beast the 'great red dragon,' the devil, 'gave his power, his throne, and great authority.' A throne means kingship and a kingdom. He takes up the rebellion against God, heaven, and the saints, and extends his authority over all kindreds and tongues and nations. 'The prince of this world.' A title thrice given by Jesus Christ to His adversary. 3\. TIm third beast rises up out of the earth, and in many respects differs from its fellow beasts. Instead of being a combination of terrors, it is meek and gentle in its appearance. It has the form of a lamb. And nobody would ever have known it was not a lamb, if only it had kept its mouth shut. ' Thy epeech bewrayeth thee.' It is no use to look like a lamb if you talk liko a dragon. Its mild and innocent looks are belied by its words, which carry its real character ; they are fierce, treacher ous, and cruel. This lamb-like dragon had no throne, neither does it rule over conquered peopleB. It is the servant of the beast- royal. It is zealous for his honour, wields his authority, works miracles for his glory, makes men wor ship hiB image, and rejoices to lose itself in the splendour and glory of its lord. Its weapons, if I my so speak, are not carnal. This miracle-working beast works in the sphere of intellect, will, heart, and conscience, and shows ' such great signs and wonders'' that they almost' deceive the very elect.' Here then we see ' the great red dragon,' and two beasts, varying in form end sphere of operation,- but one is nature and purpose. And their relationship to each other is such ae t - suggest at once the evangelist's concep tion of a trinity qfevil in deadly con flict with the divine and holy Trinity of good. The first, a beast with seven crowned heads claims equality with God, challenges the Most High in open rebellion, and there is ' war in heaven.' We have in Scripture only a few frag mentary hints of this awful scene; but they are sufficient to confirm what is here said of the devil's proud and daring defiance of the Most High. After tho Man Child is taken up into heaven and the Church placed beyond the devil's reach, this fallen monarch onoe almost divine, takes no direct part in the war against the saints. He re gulates his authority into the beast in whose form is represented the aggre gate forces arrayed against the King dom of Chriet. Does not this corres pond to the Father's committal of all -ower into the hands of His not only be gotton Son ? Has not He also said, ?? Sit Thou on My throne' P and has not He placed the government upon His shoulders? and is their not promised to Him the rule over all nations and psopleand tongues P that may not be deadly wound of the beast be that in flicted by the seed of the woman, fore told at the gates of Paradise P Its hav ing healed cannot mean more than a temporary revival of power. The position and sphere of the third beast correspond in every feature to that of tho Holy Ghost. What the third beast is to the Becond the Holy Spirit is to Jesus Christ. -He toilB for the spread of the Saviour's kingdom, reveals Him to the world, and by miracles and wonders moves men to worship the exalted Lord, I y convincing the reason, convicting :ha conscience and persuading tho will. And as Father, Son, and Holy Ghost are one God, so in some way there exists in the world a trinity of evil, and the number of this trinity of beasts is 6 6 6. II. What is the] significance op HIB NUMBEB 6 6 6 P The numbers are signs, and must be taken, not in their literal or numerical value, but in their symbolic sense, Here again it is important to remember' three is not three, four is not four, six is not six, seven is not seven. They stand for something altogether outside arithmetic. For instance, three is a number of mysterious sancity, and re fers to deities ; four represents tho earth in all its four corners ; and situ is every where the unlucky number. The Jew dreaded it, and to this day there linger many BuperBtitions about the sixth day (Friday), the sixth hour, eto. The reason given is that it falls fatally be low seven, the emblem of completeness, porfectiou. totality. Six is nearest to soven, but always fallfl one short of completeness. if we wrote th» doctrine of the Trinity in figures, it would be 7 7 7. The Father, Son, and Holy Ghost are each represented by tho perfeot num ber. But the number of the beast, the trinity of evil, 1* 8 6 -Jj erwh bewt having great authority tvud great oowor, bat ench falUna short of corn pletencss by one count. His number is 6 6 tf. ASD THE NUSIBBB 0? THE BEAST IS 'THE HtTUBEB OF A MAN.' Not the number of some individual ; but just as in Bevelation zxi., 17 ' the measure of a man' means ' human' measure as distinct from angelic, so I believe here the man stands as repres entative of his kind. And tb.fi highest point to which humanity can reach is identical with that of the boasts, and the number of mania 6 G 6. What then do we obtain P Simply this : III. That the highest possible POINT OP ATTAINMENT, APAET FEOH God, is 6 6 6. This admits that without God six can be reached. I do not mean in the general pantheistic sense, in which we admit that all things are in Him, bit in the sense of vital fellowship by which we understand personal religion. We can do a great deal without God. No words are more frequently misquoted than those of our Lord, ' Without Me ye can do nothing.' These words are absolutely true in their connection of Christian growth and fruit. But they are not true as we apply them. In Church life we can do a great deal without God. Crowded churches and overflowing coffers are no infallible sign of tho divine Presence. Filling churches is a matter of business, not of religion ; and if the church is empty, it evidences lack of capacity rather than of piety. Given certain human con ditions, and any placo can be filled, apart altogether from the. prayermeet ing. A full chapel does not necessarily spell success. It may be worth vory little, and there may be more honour in empty pews than crowded benches. My only contention is that ' sixes' can fill chapels ; that it may be due rather to religious Barnumism than the Holy Ghost. Crowds may not be churches. Its number will only be the same as tho devil's 6 6 6. In individual reform muoh can be done without God. I have known men give up drink, gambling, lust, swearing, and almoBt every form of vice, and re form completely that they have been held up in ' reports' as miracles of grace ; and afterwards they have con essed there was no grace in it, they had never prayed, nor sought help from God. It was only .6. The devil can ' go in strong' for reform when it suits him ; but his work always lacks one think, and that is ' the one thing needful.' He can fetch you up to 6 : it takes God to make you 7. The number of science. Science has wrought wonders in the Ia3t fifty years. If anyone had told our grandfathers of the achieve ments of steam and electricity they would have thought him mad. Fancy them being told that the ticking of a watch in London can be heard at Paris ; or that a man in Newcastleon Tyne had a new song and sat down in his house at Newcastle and sang it over to a friend who was in Leeds ! What would they havesaid to the phonograph ! Tes thesa to- day are the commonplaces of life. Science has done wonders : it has increased our knowledge and solved many problems. I feel much more in clined to worship than either to fear or sneer when I approach its shrine. But wonderful as science is, its number is only 6. Coming from America in the Augusta Victoria, a clever fellow with whom I had several talks came up to me on Sunday morning. Seeing I was read ing my Bible, he expressed surprise that I read ' that book.' I told him I was surprised to hear him Bay so. ' Ohl ' b.e s&id;, ' the word has grown out of that long since.' 'Indeed,' I replied; 'and into what has it grown P' Then he extolled the work of the science. And I asked him the simple ques tion, ' Whence did you and I come P' And he took me through the mysteries of evolution, performing two or three intellectual somersaults in the course, and at last put his finger on the first form of organic life, and said proudly, ' That's were we begin !' ' Indeed,' I said ; ' and where did it begin ?' Tbon he said, ' We come now to what is variously described as the First Cause, Eternal Force, and the Unknow able.' ' It won't do,' I said ; ' your explanation does not explain.' His science was only 6. I turn to my Bible, and I find the missing link ' In the beginning GOD !' Life has. no ex planation with Him left out. So long as He is absent, the ' one thing need ful' is lacking. It is tht same with philosophy. The most perfect systems without God leave the deepest and most vital questions of the heart unanswered. What has philosophy to answer to the first question of opening intelligence, Whence am I P What explanation can it give to my heart-hunger, my ceaseleBB yearning for the In finite P What light can it throw across the chasm of death P It is mockery to talk learnedly of trifles, and be dumb to my heart's greatest need. But it haB no answer. It is only 6 It needs God to tell me I came, what I am, and whither I go. Ho alone can supply what lios between ' 6' and ? 7.' ! The modern gospel without God is only 0, i Beform. ia popular. Politicians o? i-.il ? grades vie with each other in thoir r^r-.i ] for the uplifting of ROQJiety. Church. digcitarloi, socialists, ana labour 3ufid. ors hobnoo together, and forget thi--i' distinctions in their oftgorneBB to briug | in the world's new era. All this is very ! well m far m it gees j bu blti nu«H bee k only the nvmUv of the boast. Ths gospel at t9.4ayi RP*fc freia, Chviet, is oxpppBf ed la tferea werde. , Eqqkomw haw/mai wm. «BP0ATiaM. I believe in ' ill three. I have been too long in the ranks of the toilers not to sympathise with their straggle for better condi tions of work and life. But when you have given the workman the eight hours day and the living wage, who is going to give him a pair of legs that will carry him pastthefirstpublic-houseP I am certain the leisure and the wages irithout the legs are a doubtful boon. It is not how much a man gets that makes him well off, so much at what he does with it. You must improve the man, or the increased wage will do him no good. So all with sanitation. By all means let us have clean dwellings, pure air, and good drains. They are essential for the health and good govern ment of the community, and their effect is wholesome. But good sanitation does not make saints, or the West End would have a greater of them than it has. It is not the style that makes the pig, but the pig that makes the stye ; neither is it the slum that makes the slummer, so much as the sluuinier that makes the slum. They would turn your mansions into hovels. As a reforming power sanitation is good as far as it goes ; but it gets no farther than the skin and the sewer. Its num ber is only 6. Education touches the man more directly ; but experience has amply proved how insufficient it is to effect euch radical change in men as will make them just and good. The factii, this generation has fallen in love with the social conditions of the kingdom of Christ. It has become the great ideal— the agesutopia. But it has not adopted Christ's method to bring it about. It wants a shorter cut. Christ's method is : Make men good, and the 'new creature' will produce a new social order and a new world. But to make men good is such slow, hopeless work; so we will try making the world good, and then surely men must be good. It did not work in the garden of Eden. Neither will it now. Whatever improvement there is must work from within the man outward to his surroundings. This is Christ's method, and the kingdom can be reach ed by no other. HiB is the only 7. And His 7 includes the 6, just as a shilling includes the pence. His gospel will set capital and labour on a just and equi able basis. His converting grace wilt change tho hovel into a home, and sweep away the dens of pestilence and death. His spirit will quicken the faculties, and men eager to grow both in knowledge and grace. So Jesus Christ is still the only Saviour. He will reconstruct society by regenerat ing the individual ; and the host of Christian workers, doapiBed preachers of the gospel, Sunday-aohool teachers, and old-fashioned people, who still go to prayer-meetings, are, after all, the best social reformers this world has. They have the one complete gospel ; all others are but 6 6 6. IV. What is toub number P Apply this to your own lif e. What is your number P Is it 6 or 7 P Toucan get a good deal out of a life of sixes. You may get a lot of real pleasure out of life without religion. I know it a the fashion to say you cannot, hut, un less you are a fool, you may. Given plenty of money, pleasant surroundings, brilliant companions, and a good diges tion, a man ought to be ashamed of himself if he cannot have a good time. But the best of the world's pleasure is only 6. The provoking thing about it is always something short. It never quite satisfies. Jesus Christ said of it, ' Whosoever drinketh of this water shall thirst again'; and the more he drinks the more he thirsts. But he gives the water of life that livoso no thirst; and, after all, you never know what happiness is till you drink of that stream. In character, too, you may be good without Christ. I admit it. But your goodness is only 6. A fine specimen of the ' 6 ' order came to Jesus one day. He had kept the commandments ; hewas greatly respected; bo excellent was he, that when Jobub saw him ' Me loved him.' But He said unto him, ?? One thine thou lackest.' Only one, but it cas the one thing needful. Whon I preached this sermon in my ihurch in Leeds, a young fellow was -resent who hod not been long attend ng a place of worship. During the ippeal I remember looking at him and wondering how much of my sermon he iad got. It was sacrament night, and, is he was not a member, I had no oppor tunity of further urging decision. On ;he Thursday he fell ill, Friday he was ivorBe, Saturday the doctor came, on Sunday morning he pronounced him lying. At noon I was Bent for. Im mediately my feet touched the stairs he lulled for me to pray. ' Pray right hard,' he said; ' remember I am dy ing.' I prayed. 'Pray again,' ho cried; 'pray right hard.' I prayed again. When I got up from my kneeB he said, ' Sing! Sing * Jesu, Lover of my soul.'' Wi: trii-'fl to fiir-i*. n-ri-1 br«i& down chosed v.-KJi \ipvo. 'lKn'iwy,' he 3a.i'^ ; ' ting ! aing !' M'.w \;-: Lr-A ?-rvsrip,. X!.i risked for pr«y-.r f.^r-.in. Then, tricing my bsnftia liir^ urn\ V-uVix% nt ma for tl;a frr,',- Utuc, ho nwd : ' I i-b.i'.il novftr ho-(.? vou ki.-e&i;'.h. jiry wixc — y.oV'ii1, WiS.' B3l; liiorc. I di-ln'; Vuihh '.put Pantry it rouJtl I'O t'no W-t vine; bntitw-,«j.' I. shall n-jvw h-:hi you iijruiu.' He-hj isikut for a fi.v.::o i3u'T.ifcHi for ho wis f'ist fftjliug. 'i'bt:n iookijijj up iriiU ii mjiUo, ho &nid;, ' !-.;-. it's 7 7 7 ?*' l! ?-'otG»' robbed hitibroire,!.. iw&Heu; uiolbuv, 'No,', ho replied. ' I em pdlcy wJwvo thfivo wo no sixca , It it 7 7?' Ag'iin he biUsS, ' &l;»g I Slag tUoUoselpgy.'1 #9 g^e -mt-th-? words and joined himself in the hymn of praise' Then his strength failed. Drawing my face to his, he kissed my cheek, ana whispered, 'It's 7 7 7,' In twenty minuteB he was dead. But his soul had passed beyond all that is animal and sensuous, beyond, all that is of the earth earthly. He had passed within tb.6 gate into the city, and his last word was, 'It's 7 7 7.' 