ITEMS OF. SPOUT. ORIGINAL AND CRIBBED. (By the " Bird o' Freedosi " State.) The Victorian contingent must have had a bad time at the Adelaide meeting. If Projoctilo goes to Brisbane ho should easily account for the Q.T.C. St. Leger. Kallistoa, -winner of the S.A.J.C. St. Legor, is by Robinson Crusoe — Bellissimo. Fifty pounds to a shilling is not bad odds for the Royal Stakes and Birthday Cup double. Cis Parker will ride Zingara to-day if the horse runs, and he should score a win with a start. On measuring Nancy Hanks from withers to solo of foot nnd from point of shoulder to' point of hips it appears she stands about ono inch highor than her length. Lord Randolph Churchill does not believe in even money chances ; he profors going in for long shots, and it is predicted that ho will scoop a fow big pools next season. _Au animnl may_ possess the blood of a givon ancestor without possessing the least appreciable evidence of it in his tendencies or traits — in fact he may be the counterpart of somo othor ancestor, or boar the stamp of a group of ancestors. If Mr. William Kelso goes on buying racehorses lie will soon have to purchase a forty-acre paddock to build loose boxes ' ou. Beudigo is his 11103b recent purchase. Mr. Scarr lias evidently got ail idea that Bou- digo is a cut ubovo the commoners. Port Admiral won tho Adelaido Cup from Lady Koso and Quality. The winner was well backed, as out of £5479 invested ou the toto lie paid £4 12s. Port Admiral ran fifth in Tarcoola's Melbourne C»p. He is owned by Mr. W. Blackler. We hope Tom Hales had bis bit on. Mr. Oatley has acted wisely in reducing tho number of races to be run at the War wick Farm liorse meetings to five. During the winter this is highly desirable. The amount of added money will still be the same. The Warwick Farm Hnndicap will be for .£150, with £30 and .£20 for second and third horse. W. M'Sherry has just completed a painting of Brockleigb, which is one of that capablo artist's best efforts. The picture is a largo one, and represents tlie horse standing on a racecourse with Jamos Gougli in Mr. Parker's colors in tho saddle. It is ail excellent likeness of the horse, and should speedily find a purchaser. Some of the double event layers evi dently got the " office " that Babel and Triton were nob going to start at Warwick Farm on Saturday, Cards bearing Babel and Triton's namo were stuck up time after time, and the inorry punters fell in readily. We advise backers not to patronise those shops that work tricks on tho public like this. "Nemo" received the following letter from Gosford tho other day1: — "Sir, — Pigeons aro vory plentiful in this district just now. Old residents say they have not been so plentiful for many years." On the strongth of this document the Dooke of Konsington wont to Gosford with guns and ammunition and several large hampers, which he intended to fill with straightonod pigeons. The result of the expedition was one parrot, which cost about seven quid in expenses to procure. "Nemo " is going out shooting " old residents" tho next time he runs up to Gosford. We clip the folio wiug from "Mazoppa's" (N.Z.) notes : — " Francotte, the-last of the Muskets to perform in Now Zealand, broke down whilo racing at Timaru recontly. The first of Musket's stock to raco was Waowaohapi, a brown filly from Aconito, who ran for Mr. G. P. Donnelly in the Trial Plate at Hawke's Bay on October 3, 1882\. She finished second to Rubina, who afterwards, won tho Great Autumn. From the dato named to Francotto's mishap is a little short of 12 seasons. This is tho extromo limit of the family's appearance. Practically, tho Muskets have been ' off' for a couple of years." Again tho story that Garrison, ' tho American jockey, will take to the boards for a living bobs up serenely. This story as usual comes from tho Snapper's " friends," who say that his lines are cast in a piece— a thrilling melodrama — where the villain's deviltry prevents the regular jockey arriving in timo to pilot thefavorito on whoso victory huug3 tho regulation brido and happiness ever afterwards. The heavy father tears his hair, and cavorts around in approved style until the Snapper stops up and volunteers to take the missing artist's place. Of courso he wins. The critics may sneor at Garrison's histrionic ability, but it is long odds on that if I10 makes the effort ho will win in a walk. Volney's defeats at Rosnliill and War wick Farm must have co3b his backe rs a good stiff sum. Last timo Stormy was beateu Polly' accomplished the task. On Wednesday,' Polly ' was again opposed to Frank M'Grath's old pony, aud, luckily for backers of the favorite, did not finish in hor i8pal form. A representative team oc Indian polo players will visit England during the coin lug season and take part in tho Hiir- lingham tournament. f? Tho saying that " there are two quarts of oats in_ the curry-comb and four in tho brush" ovidniices a well-established belief in tho efficacy of grooming. All inventive gonins of Lincoln (E.) has invented a plate for a shoe that will take away all concussion aud measurably in crease the speed of trotters or pacers. Only ono of tho Canterbury pony races was at less than 5 furlongs, and the results were a complete justification of the policy of leaving out -1 or 4£- furlong spins. " To go no further than color, probably tho uiOBt stable of all qualities, I should like to know of ono horse that invariably transmits his color to his progeny." If color is a stable character there ought to be no question as to tho variability of its transmission. What can followers of public form say about Brightlight ? She has been trying time after time iu galloway company, but runs nearer last than first. Then at Canterbury whon her own folkB and every one oIho liavo tired of backing her she simply plays with a field aud snorts along in front like a runaway steam-motor. Brightlight is built of the material that holps to keep punters poor. Vorily, in tho uncertainty of tho turf lie3 ica chief charm ! M'yes. The ponies engaged in ono race at Canterbury got away so well together from tho starting machine that an accident resulted. After going a few strides, Charlie, in the centre, ridden by Mont gomery, was squeezed in by the pressure of both wings closing in that Montgomery, was prized clean out of the saddle . and fell off, getting several nasty bumps before getting oue of his feet olear of the stirrup-iron. Fortunately, he was not seriously hurt. Whips aro good things in their place. They are necessary in dealing with a con stitutionally lazy horse. They aro very effective when horses are mischievous. A horse had a habit as soon as his bedding was put under liim of scraping it all out of tiio stall behind him. He was watched, and at every attempt au application of tho whip to his rear was made. In two nights I10 was thoroughly cured of tho trick. If tho personal safety of tho occupant of a vehicle is endangered through a horse backing or turning around, uso the whip to divert his attention. Novcr use tho whip without warning. Novor uso a whip to cure a liorse of fright. Mr. Keone, tho American sportsman, says that last year ho was offered .£20,000 for Domino aud refused it. As it turned out tho colt would havo been cheap at that price, and would have won himself out nearly twice over bofore the end of tho season, but almost any man would take .£20,000 rather than run his chance to win more iu a single yoar. It is extraordinary that the story lias not leaked out before. Peoplo who go about the country offering 2820,000 for a horso aro very scarce, and gonorally have something to say about it themselves if their offer is nob aecoptod.. It will bo a long timo boforo the same amount of money is offered for Domino again. Tho English .Tockey Club is, perhaps, tho most remarkable organisation of tho present day. Self-elected, anil without the slightest logal formality, it wields, through a council of throe "stewards," absolute authority over all matters per taining to the English turf. It nets as a tribunal, civil and criminal, with decisions final, and its authority is acknowledged and respected by kindred bodies through out tho world. There's a heap of mystery surrounding tho Jockey Club, in spito.of .the enormous power it wields. Authorities fail to agree as to tho date of its organisa tion. One maintains tbat it was originally formed during the reign of George If., and and another tlmt tho body was instituted about tho year 1750. A N.Z. writer says : — A most amusing incident came boforo my notice at Fox toil races. A gentleman, whoso knowledge of tho ways of tho turf are apparently of a somewhat limited character, was per suaded by a friend who was in a jocular mood to enter his horse for ono of tho evonts. Tho auimal was fresh off grass, and couldn't go further than a boy could kick his hat, so I10. intorviowod the secre tary and scratched tho auimal. On tho race day ho wanted to know if I10 could withdraw the scratching and start the horse, as the stuff ho had given it had apparently dono it some good, for it looked much better. Tho secretary, with an expansive grin on his genial countenance, .told' the owner that he didn't think ho could. ' Joe Yon See is the namo of a producing stallion owned in Kansas (A.). The High School Sports were tho best school sportk seen in Sydney for a long timo past. A good previous record saved F.W. and party from getting into disgrace at Ken sington. There was jnst a slight doubt about it. „ Tho adherents of J. Finn's stablo gob a lift through Forest Lodge's win at Ken sington, the pony outstaying his field in great stylo. Jim M'Garrigal, the crack sprinter, got credit at Tom Gurney's Grounds, Fleming- ton, for a -good go last week when I10 won a handicap there. from scratch. Dingo was put about as a good thing at Konsington. Tho stewards regarding Dingo as an erratic sort of dog, hunted him off the preserves for six months. "Verily tho way of transgressors is hard. The Roe sproadeagled hor field at War wick Farm on Saturday iu the Soiling Race. It is a pity sho was not iu a better humor at Canterbury the Saturday before. Somo of the Konsingtou ponies had good battles for the stable-money, on Thursday, and tho liliputians provided really in teresting amusement. Tho special foaturo of Konsington pony races this week was the performance of Firefly in the 14.1 handicap. Getting away very badly, she worked grndually through the field, giving Cigarette and others a long start, "eventually winning by I a length. She started at oven money, bub 4 to 1 was laid agaiust her after the flag fell. A clieor went up when sho won; but somoono aslcod quietly, " What about Liverpool ?" After tho last event was got off at the Foxton races (N.Z.) someone walking through the paddock inside the track dropped a lighted match, with the result that the dry grass caught fire. The fire soon oommoucod. to spread, and as nothing was dono to check its career when in an incipient stage it could not be put out subsequently ( The racecourse property comprises about 76 acros, and it is located over half a mile from tho township. Before 10 o'clock at night the place was smothered in smoke,- but an hour and a half later it cleared away, the fire having' died out. The buildings were safe enough, the ploughed track chocking tho progress of the flames. Mr. E. M. Row, of Scoresby, has sold his high-jumper Cedric, to go to Paris. The horse has' been secured by a French Count at a high figure, and the chestnut son of Lord Lyon will shortly bo shipped to his now homo. Cedric has a public jumping record of Oft 7in, which is three or four inches better tliau auybbiug in this line dono in France. Codric has been pur chased on tho recommendation of a French gentleman connected with the wool in terest, who took a groat fancy to the geld ing on seeing him jump. It is bolioved to be the intention of his now owner to enter Codric for the principal high- jumping con tests in France, and if lie jumps up to liis home form ho should provo a pretty good advertisement for Victoria. George Frederick, the English Derby winner, now at the head of the Seagram stud in Canada, is not allowed to. receive many visitors in his present quarters. A reporter for one of the Canadian dailies re cently saw the liorse, and found' him so vicious that he had to be kept blinded in a stall built especially strong for him. "Whoa taken out he is muzzlod and lod with a staff 0:1 both side3 of lii3 head. In his time ho has succeoded in killing two men, and, if givon a ghost of a show, would surely add to his list of victims. In com mon with most of his dam's foals, George Fredoriclc nover was a very good-tempered horse, bub he seems to bo getting worse in this respect as ho gets older. Goorgo Frederick is a chestnut horse, foaled in 1871, and is tho only winnor of the English Derby now in Canada. Tho Seagram stablo will include twonty horses this season, many of which are two-year-olds, and are at Toronto, being worked for their engagements. Tho maunor of working tho totalisator at the Onslow Trotting Club's Meeting (N.Z.) appears to be a matter which re quires some ventilatioa. Iu the Haudicap Maidon Trot, tho first raco, the winner was Nat, on whom they paid a dividend of ill Is. Tho public very soon found this was an error, and it was then altered to £1 103. It was also ascertained that the powers that be in totalisator matters were deducting Hi por cent, instead of the legal 10 per cent. This on tlie future races was rectified. Also in the> Huia Trot Handi cap, the winner being Peggy, with only two investors and 153 subscribers, tho dividend should clearly bo £34 8s, and not £29 5s, as wa3 paid. How is it these mis takes so often happen, with tho mistako always in favor of the machine ? The 10 per cent, deduction is surely a simple calculation— no blunder should bo pos3iblo. And tho 10 per cent, deduction is ample, especially as in Auckland no fraction of a shilling is paid. This must amount to a considerable snm in tho course of the year. Zara shapes like a second Lady Redfern Pots of money are being lost on. her. Trust did bookmakers a rare good turn at Canterbury. These items are what keep the pencilling forces in clover. Princos3 May, from the 13.3 ranks, hand- somoly laid out a 14.1 field thi3 week, in cluding Yida aud Someday ; both labelled W.O.V. How does the Kensington legor stand, at the modest "robert," draw the crowd? Ch eap fares are bound to toll. What do the Melbourneites mean by matching P. Broen against M'Garrigal ? Is it a pedestrian match-uinking fake, or have Jim's party fouud a mug-wump with some thing iu his pocket to lose ? John King, who has been for a longtime connected with I. T. Carslake's stable at Caulfield, lias mndo an application for a trainer's license, and lias boon invited to. appear before the V.R.C. committee at its next fortnightly meeting. The applicant's diminutive figure lias boea frequently Been in the saddle, and lie is ono of the most intelligent and best behaved lads connected with the turf. Quality is a grand mare. She beat a good field at w.f.a. in tho Elder Stakes at tho Adelaido meeting. Mr. H. Oxonham has a couplo of £5000 . straight-out books on tho Royal and Birth day, and a double to the same amount. Jacko II. foil in a rather extraordinary fashion within a fow strides of the winning-post at Canterbury, and fortu nately neither injured himself nor tho boy riding. Eurydice signalised her removal from the Associated courses to the Kensingtou tracks by winning the 14.2 handicap on Thursday, for which she started a good favorite. J. E. Brewer won the Baker Handicap . at tho S.A.J.C. meeting on Wednesday with Sclim. An explanation haa been asked of Selim's form in the Goodwood Hnndicap. Tho Sydney Harriers open their season to-day with a paper chase, starting from Snudden's Hotel, Military-road, North Sydney, at 4 p.m. Every Harrier Club in Sydney will be represented by a team. Froude, by Newminster — Oceana, has at last registered a galloway win. In the Canterbury Park Plate he made a bid bo foro, but failed to score then. He started favorite on Thursday, but had his work cut out to win. Kildnre had been an expensive luxury for somo time, until he made up some of tho losses at Kensington by winning the chief race. If Dingo had got on his trail in a more business-like mauuer Big Jim might still havo been wondering when his luck would chauge. Tommy, a 6 to 4 favorite at Kensington, declined to gallop, and his punters were badly left. The defeat of Redbank, another good favorite at 5 to 4, was another item that helped " tho books " a little. Katie got away with a break that Griffin's pony couldn't afford to allow with any prospects of succos3. Tho conditions of the last Champion Race at Flomington wuro so altered tbat tho winnors of tho preceding A.J.C. Dorby, V.R.C. Derby, and V.R.C. St. Legor were callod upon to put up penalties of 31b. To many sportsmen the idea of attaching penalties to a " Champion" raco was repug nant, and tho advisability or otherwise of reverting to tho old conditions was dis cussed by tho V.R.C. committee, but no decision wa3 arrivod at, and tho matter will bo fnrbher considered at tho nexfc mooting of the committee. Tho Tasmanian Shannon got home on Wednesday in tho 13.2 class, thus making amends for his defeat the previous week by Desert Queen. A pot of money was lost over him on that occasion, but he won comfortably enough at Canterbury, and the cash was rocovorod. Mr. E, Keys brought Shannon over from Tasmania when RccklesB, the jumper, came. Tlie following is a torse comment on a condition altogether too common : — Ono fact in breeding is too often overlooked. Men who own brood mares or select sires seem to think onlyof somo speoial virtue. The mare has a good disposition, she is a fast walker and a free driver, or the' stallion has a low record. All of these are good, but what about the outs ? The fact is that bad as well as good qualities are transmitted, and it is the sum total of the whole which tells the story. Look sharply after the weak spots, and do nob allow the excellence of a single good quality to blind the glaring defects. A gentleman took tho writer to see a Hambletonian stallion, represented to be of choice breeding, but when ready for a drive he wore four inteiv fering boots, knee boots aud scalpers. Measured by his advertised pedigroo lie . was a valuable horse to patronise, but by . his individuality his only worth was what he would bring at the sausage factory. 