THE SCHOOL OF ARTS. THE PRESENT RETRENCHMENT POLICY. " THE COMPLAINTS OF SUB SCRIBERS. THE MOST POPULAR PAPERS AND BOOKS. Tho School of Arts resembles the British Government, In that it is grievously wor ried by Ilttle wars. Its community of 3000 odd subscribers include:; just as many mal content units an you would expect to find In such a mass, possibly a few more, and they keep the officials wide awake to a sense of responsibility, people who un dertake tho business of pleasing other people find that. the man with a grievance Is always with them. Tho current trouble arises principally out of the determination of the committee to cut their coat according to their cloth. It was found at the last annual meeting that expenditure and revenue wero not living in that harmony which is essential to peace of mind, and with a view to bring ing them more closely together tho com mittee decided to curtail expenses. With this laudable end in view they first stop ped some of the newspapers, choosing for extinction those likely to be least missed, or best compensated for by others. Thus the " Daily News" has gone, but the '"'Daily Telegraph " remains to illuminate current topics according to the bright, light of Arnold, Sala, and others of the ex ceptional editorial staff. The "National Observer" — which Is really a comic paper, as a savage critic said the other day — is with tho has beens, and so are the " Bud get " and "Gazette," of "Westminster; but "Tho Speaker," the " St. James's," and the "Pall Mall Budget" remain, and the balance is about restored. Some other papers have been stopped, but the reading- room in still, in a reasonable way, repre sentative, and you may thero familiarise yourself with the journalistic literature of tho day in the French, German, and Eng lish languages, and pick up tho news from all tho corners of the earth. At the maga zine stand the Institution maintains the excellent selection which has always been found there. From the flippant flaneurs of tho " Idler's Club " to the awful intelli gence of tho Keats-killing " Quarterly," and such eminent repositories of chaste omniscience, they are nearly all there; and tho list branches out Into many paths, where tho occult blooms, and persons of leisure and energy wrestle with "helio centric and geocentric astrology," " tho larvae-nymphs of British dragon-files," Weird psychical stories about spooks, and similarly fascinating questions. The Ameri- can magazines, that make art of illustra tion, and mostly tell about the war, and the English variety, which have so many stories by Sherlock Holmes's imitators, are to be found of tho latest dates, and so are tho reviews, in which critics of everything "dogmatise ex-cathedra," as Mr. Clement Scott says. " NOTES AND QUERIES." However, that isn't a grievance. One magazine or journal known no more to the place which knew it so often is " Notes and Queries," whose directors undertake to answer all things compendiously. " Notes and Queries," though a highly-proper and valuable sheet in its way, is not exces sively popular, and tho subscriber who got most of tho reading of it — if, indeed, any one else read it at all — protests against Its stoppage. Again, tho committee, find ing that postage from England is a very serious Item, have decided to try to live without it, and have their papers sent all tho way by steamer as " periodical pack ages," which are loaded last, and dis charged first That means that tho papers will arrive here a few days later than at present, and tho new notion finds no favor with a few subscribers, who want to be quite level with tho times. Tho authori ties have not finally resolved on keeping these gentlemen waiting; in fact, a meet ing of the reading-room committee is to bo held on Monday to consider whether it is advisable to split tho difference and have some of tho papers posted. In tho mean time, tho earnest have gotten out a formal requisition praying tho committee to re peal their enactment, and subscribers are invited, by divers notices, to sign at the counter. Tho secretary, Mr. Fairland, be ing regarded as the axis on which the whole business revolves, is being deputa- tioniscd right and left by objectors, and, between that trying sort of position and tho murmurings of dissentients who rush to tho Editor" with their complaints, might, with some reason, ask himself whether life is tho glorious thing optimists would have us believe. He is to he found, however, explaining the whole business With much patient urbanity, describing the position with imperturbable particularity. HANSARD AND REALISTIC NOVELS. But he did appear to be aggrieved. When a reporter saw him, with people who cast reflections on tho completeness of the "Hansards." Such is the illimitableness of human taste, that there are persons who read "Hansard," and one of them had com plained that the 1890 volumes were not there. They are there — big, thick, heavy monuments to tho lung-power of the chosen; and they can be seen at any time. Another person had insinuated that un- due attention was paid to keeping the library stocked with "tho latest sensational realistic" novels, and instanced tho addi tion of "Zola's latest" to tho catalogue. Nothing of the kind, Mr. Fairland ex plained. The committee were scrupulously careful to keep their library clean and wholesome; purged it relentlessly of un clean literature, and only the other day had some 15 or 20 weeded-out volumes cut up and burned. As to "Zola's latest," that was "Money," said to be a powerful story of tho money-manoeuvres of De Lesseps, and other French capitalists of that ilk- not a whit more improper than that magni ficent war epic, "Tho Downfall." He brought out from an adjacent cupboard about 20 new books fresh from the shop— a respectable, well-meaning set in which the last productions of William Black and Annie S. Swan jostled "Aspects of Pessi- mism," and Le Caron's reminiscences, and a new story by George R. Sims laid cheek by jowl with two of Swan Sonnenschein's economic series. These, he explained. would be carefully overhauled — except that a reputable author like Black was morally taken as read — and if any of them were unfit for anyone to read, they must go. OTHER READERS, OTHER BOOKS. 'A wide variety of appreciative faculty has been wisely ordained; and though your crowd Is always moral, as was sagely said not long since, individually its constituents sometimes foregather gleefully with the ribald and prurient. They will be reading "The Heavenly Twins," for example — of which Mr. Zangwlll has remarked from his "without prejudice" corner in the "Pall Mall Magazine, "that it has had a large vogue amongst tho old women of both sexes; "The Yellow Aster;" the brilliant romantic- realisms of Daudet, which few excel in deli cate nervous strength (or in humor, for that matter, as witness Tartarin of Tar- ascon); George Moore, and the rest who are not mealy-mouthed, including Zola, the Jove of realists. Not every reader's system can endure on the ghosts of Mrs. Henry Wood, or tho unsalted humor of Mr. Jerome. ABOUT SOME POPULAR BOOKS. At tho School of Arts, one sees, they provldo handsomely for all tastes, and the results give an interesting clue to the reading habits of the people. A good first, in tho heyday of its youth, at anyrate, is "Tho Yellow Aster," tho demand for which is unprecedented since "She," boomed with cutoness and enthusiasm, was required by everyone. "She" was about the first book a big systematic demand was made for at the School of Arts; but "The Yellow Aster" appears to rival its popularity, and though a large number of copies have been in cir culation for weeks, some 50 subscribers are still claiming to have the book reserved for them. "The Heavenly Twins" was wanted in many places for a time, and stiIl goes about a good deal; while "Our Manifold Nature," by the same author, has also come to popularity. Other new books that are asked for are "Ships that pass in the Night," George Moore's "Esther Waters," and "Marcella" (though the latter has not revived the suceess .Mr-. Ward had with "Robert Elsmere"). Of "Dodo" the School of Arts world is practically tired. In the robust school, where Kudyard Kipling is a prominent, figure, and of which Professor Joan is such a generous ap- plauder, Conan Doyle and Stanley Weyman maintain their hold on public favor; Mr. Weyman's "Gentleman of France" being a much-asked-for book, while "The White Company" is almost as widely admired as its author's quJte different Sherlock Holmes stories. Stevenson, despite tho unparal leled strength of his press claque, has not an extensive circle like Kipling; and while people are eager for "Many Inventions " and "Life's Handicaps," "Catriona" and "Tho Wreckers" accumulate dust — which is pitiful, for "The Wreckers" is one of the best of hot-blooded, vigorous modern stories, with bits of character splendidly painted against a background of stirring adventure. Rolf Boldrewood is also among the prophets who are trying to catch the Elizabethan humor from across tho cen turies, and "A Modern Buccaneer," with its graphic South Sea stories supplied by Mr. Louis Bocke, has many admirers. Mr. Barrie's books retain their charm, too, finding it none the less because Mr. Crockitt has come into his demesne; and another of tho new school, Mr. Zangwill, an author whose diamond wit first gleamed In "The Bachelors' Club" and "The Old Maids' Club," and who, like Mr. Barrie, has courted Melpomene and Momus with equal success, has friends with tongues, Mr. Jerome, a third late arrival, is heard of but little outside "The Idler," and the peaceful stillness of his books reminds one of Canon Ainger's remark, that if any thing were wanting to show how depraved the English literary taste had become, it was found In tho popularity of "Three Men in a Boat." OLDER FICTION. Of tho fiction shelves of less exciting present interest, " Tho Silence of Dean Maltland" continues higher in favor than anything "Maxwell Gray" has written since. Jokai, the Hungarian, who, speak- ing in a practical way, has only been dis- covered recently, has a vogue, and as the list of his novels has been increased a con sistent demand has pursued them. Prolific novel-producers, like Mrs. Hungerford and Mrs. Lovett-Cameron, are in pretty fre quent request, and so is Marie Corelli, while among popular writers in much the some category are Rita, Mrs. Wood, Miss Braddon, Florence Marryatt, Florence War- den, and Mrs. Oliphant. Mr. Grant Allen used to be asked for more frequently in tho days of "Tho Devil's Die" than he is now. Mr. Gunter, though "Barnes of New York" and "Potter of Texas" have gone into tho past like Hans Breitman's party, rejuven ates his popularity with more recent vivid things. And as to the old brigade, there are very many readers who don't forget Micawber and Colonel Newcome in tho rush of new-book people. Dickens and Thackeray are perennially fresh, though Scott is not sought after as much as he was wont to be, and Lever is half-for- gotten. Books for boys are written nowadays by famous men like Stevenson, Henty, Fenn, and others, who follow on the heels of Kingston and Ballantyne. Of these Henty, the prolific, up-to-date and versatile, has the biggest following, and has had ever since he tried to be the Atlas of that ex cellent magazine "The Union Jack," which could not live against "The Boys' Own Pa per," and more lurid rivals. SERIOUS LITERATURE. In a library which issues on an average about six novels for one book in any other class, there is not much hope for serious literature, though Professor Drummond's "Ascent of Man" has aroused some interest and Swan Sonnenschein's volumes of "the dismal science " are taken up now and again. Much was expected of Stead's "If Christ Came to Chicago," but without jus tification, for the reception of the book was practically a chilling frost. In poetry Ten nyson is easily first, though lately there has been a tendency towards curiosity about Swinburne. Tennyson's fame, in fact, is of the lasting kind. Anything about the au thor of "In Memoriam" is read with avid ity, and Stopford Brooke's biography of him is, after that of Sir Richard Burton (by his wife), tho most popular member of that class the library knows. Tolstoi is ap parently little thought of, and readers who don't know what a magnificent historical romance "The French Revolution" is — tho elder Dumas,Scott, James or Ainsworth nev er produced anything half so fascinating — pass by Carlyle. People who patronise tho School of Arts don't read travel-books to any extent, and though Stanley's last spurred up a little curiosity about Africa, it died out very quickly, and exciting events in Uganda didn't revive it. There was a spurt, too, toward theosophical liter ature — a spurt, however, as fleeting as the snowflake in tho river. 