OtupiSjUiff. The socod<1 meeting of the Brown's Plnins Coursing Club was held on Mr Martin’s “ Mount Nebo Estate" on Wednesday and Thursday last, The wefttjipr Was altogether unsuitable for open coiirsing, the previous rains making the ground almost a swavnp, On llie Wednosday there was a very fair attendance of the public, but on the second day only those interested in the final put in an npponranoe. There were two stakes run, the Mount Nebo Stakes, for an unlimited number of all-aged dogs, which closed with 12 entries, and resulted in the first and second money being divided between Gipsy Queen and Lavandale; while the Hopeful Stakes, for 8 puppies, was divided by Gladstone and The Ghost; Hares were riot as plentiful ns on the first meeting, and in consequence of their scarceness tho stakes were divided. Mr J. Hicks, the pro prietor of tho Advance-, Australia ;hotel, and tren’sfii'or to' the plub, treatecj tl)o visitors handsomely, and although thp ground and.grass were damp and wet, he kept them well fortified with stimulants that were cold-proof. Mr Phillips, the secretary, is certainly a prince - at • the game, and p gepretqry to t])0 plubj prp vides everything peepss^-y tq condpct'thp meeting satisfactorily.. Mr T. Loftus again filled the position of judge, and Meesrs Gordon, Daly and Rutpu apted ns slippers. On Thursday evpnipg til® settling tpok place pt flic ^.dvanpo Ausr tralia hotpl, whop the proprietor supplied an excellent supper. Two or three pleasant hours were spent, tho chairman (Mr G. Scott) moving a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. and Mrs Dicks, for the manner in which they attended to the wants of their friends, which was carried by acclamation. The following arc, the. results of tho various courses :— Mount Nebo Stakes. T. Peel's bk w b Misty Morn, by Menacer—Romp, beat P. Hiuker’s bk b Lubra, by Nimrod—Gipsy. W. Burke’s f aud w b Sunny Bell, ty Fatalist—Delusion, bent G. Scott ns bk w b New Year, by Joy—Dressmaker. J. Walsh’s f wb Iolnnlhc, by Thyme— Fairy Queen, bent C. Martin's bl w d Sir Edward, by Neddy—Mignonette. . J. Walsh’s f w' b Gipsy Queen, by ■•Thyme—Fairy Queen, bent A. E. T. ^Bartley’s bl w d Brower, by ltnmbler— 5Blue Bell. R.jW. Griffin’s bl w d Lavandale, by Deception—Snowdrift, bent W. Beecroft’s :ns bk w d Bn|iidity, by Rattler—Muscat. , ■ G1.- Scott’s blc w b Lady Bird, by Albatross—Lady, bent J. Hicks’ bk w \d T|ger,! by! Dawn. -1 ' ‘ j . ■ ' First Ties.' I’rlMisty Morn and Sunny Bell were .withdrawn. • '.Iolantlic was withdrawn, and Gipsy Queen ran a bye. i; Lavandale beat Lady- Bird'. ; 5 ; Final—Second Day.' '".-Gipsy Queen- and • Lavandale decided rto divide tho stake. ‘ ■ .i. . .!i.-Hoi’kful Stakes; : T.. Pbel’s' • bdl • w ■ b - Raney, by Mountaineer—Saucy Lass, • betit ;W. Hicka’ Ehv> b Galhied;t>tiy Thythe;—jtfhi. h sRi'-WV Grrffiii’s'bl w:‘d ""Gln'dstdhe,‘ by Deception—Snowdrift,'' bent T. B. Richards’ f w1 b Expectation, by Wnit.-a-Wliile—Nelly.' W. Burke’s f w d Tho Ghost, by RulTord—Winnie, bent A. E. T. Bartley’s blc w b Wilga,- by Don—Maud. 'R. F. Gardiner’s f bk b Tumbler, by Cloudland—Lady Wicklow, bent T. Peel’s bdl wd Wee Mick,.by Mountaineer —Saucy Lass. \- First Ties. Gladstone beat Raney. : The Ghost beat Tumbler. • • Final Course. After an undecided course Gladstone nnd The Ghost divided the stake. 