Ihe Srdfyteller. .; OLD THAD'S STRATAGEM. (Continued.) ' Well, if yon wouldn't a died laugbine to see them Sioux about that time. They Stopped paddling and stared. at me like they'd ?een a ghost, an I went shooting into the big rollers. If I'd gone down, without saying anything they'd thought it only an accident ; but whe'a I laoghed an yelled at 'em it made their hair stand I ' They could bare popped mo over as easy as nolhina at the distance, bnt there wasn't one on 'em that had sense enoueh to think of shooting. I felt a kind of tickliah myself, bnt I thinks : 'lna case like ibis the boid .?bi course is alwajs the safest.' It' lean ;r'ide her through I'm all right and if I bap pen to barBt ou a rock it won't be no worflo'n bning backed to pieces and scalped. ' I reckou I've steured a canoe through as' roogh ! pla'TH as aiiy aiah alive, bat, I toll . you,. I never got into such a roaring, wbirl ' ing, 'mixed, up . 'u'ess ',pf. .rook's and water aa tbat was. .'ly cucoe jumped and dipped and was bali'-lull of water in less than no time. But i clidn't bnppen to. bit auy rock and I was soon sailing iulu deep water. ' Then I ran my canoe ashore at a sharp bend, jumped out into the river and throw . my steel traps into deep water beside a big roc Ic, where I could find them again. Then 1 flipped the canoe bottom aide up- and set it drifting down 'stream. My furs and blankets' 1 let drift too — looked jest an if I'd upset ;| and I knew the whole kit would be picked up: by the Indians, anyhow. \ ' I bad got out of sight of the reds ar a; tarn before I was half through the rapids,' but I knew they'd land above and come down': tbe bank to see what bad become of mo. So I grabbed my rifle 'and ran dewn in the edge of the water till 1 came to a little creek; a few ; rods below the rapids, ' I ran up tbe creek 'a few rods to where a nose of rouk made a turn iu it aud there. I slipped off my w^t moccasins and loggings ' and wrung them out and carried them, so that 1 would not omkb any tracks of water on the rocks when I went ashore. Then 1 ? uurrieu vu tip iu. iuq tup ui tun iibd ui ruuae and took shelter in some bushes. 'Well, 1 hadn't any more than got hid before I saw 'em come tearing down, a couple of them on each side ol tbe river;. When the two on this side saw my canoe and things float iDg, they set up a regular war dance, All was so natural that tbe canoe and paddle should go floating around the big end if I was upset that' it fooled them. 'They might have a little doubt about it, bat when they rau down tin) river ; a pieoe farther to louk for my dead body — to soalp it, I suppose— they. found my hat and paddle and that settled it. , 'One of them swvui oat and collected everything of mine ; then alt four went back up stream to where they'd left their own canoes. Then they carried them over the portage just the same as we did ours just now. ? ' After loading my things into my canoe again, they paddled all three canoes down to these woods and went into camp on tbe very spot we re sitting on. ' It was about dark at tbat time. As soon as I saw their camp-fire ' blazing up and knew (hey were busy cooking supper I fished ray traps out of the water and I made a circle out on the prairie. I struck the river again jest below this point of timber and laid the traps on a big rook, where I could £nd them easy. , '.You can bet that I meant to got out of thetu parts as soon as tbe reds went to sleep and I didn't oalkerlate to go afoot, neither. ' Maybe them reds didn't have a pow wow tbat evening after they'd inspected my kit . and hung my wet furs and blankets dry. t ' I 'crept up close enough, to see what they were doing. They had one canoe turned up on one side of their fire just like ourn here ? and the way they laughed and talked and roasted veuison and gorged' was a caution. I conldu't make out thoir gibberish, but I knew well enough that they was bragging about the nice lot of far they had captured, and telling how they would be too glad find my body floating; away down the river next day . and get my soalp. ? . ' 1 thought they'd never quit laughing and uatiDg, but they did finally and wrapped tbeic blankets around 'em and smuggled to the canoe with their feet to the fire. ? I waited till I thought they was all asleep and then crept around to where they left the other canoes. Well, I jest about bnrsted to keep from laughing when I see how they'd left things 1 They'd made so sure that I'd gone to tbe bottom that they'd emptied them furs out of one of thorn canoes to the other one and left that and mine right on the bank with all four of their own paddles and mine tool 'They'd turned my canoe bottom up to dry and hang my blankets and such of my furs as : was wet over a limb for the same purpose. \- I got my canoe into the water without a sound, piled in my tbingB, and then peeped into theirs to see if they'd, anything worth taking. I didn't much expect they had, bnt when I came to lift things out confound my picture if they didn't hare' n whole raft of beaver and otter. ' I thought I had a good lot myself, but they had twico as much. It didn't take me long to git it out of their canoe into mine, I can tell yon.' » ' All's fair in love and war,' ' says 1, ? and you oan consider yourselves lucky to get off so cheap.' You see. I conld have killed every ono of the sleeping villains as well as not. It was againit my principle to kill an Indian unless it was necessary. \- Besides, if I'd killed them, when they was asleep, they'd never have known how bad I had fooled them ; and that Was tickling me as ' much as they was tickled at rinding all my far. 8o I shoved tbeir canoe into the the water and towed bohind mine as I paddled down stream. 'I took every one of their paddlos and kepf .them, too, for many a long day. '?When I knew I wns oat of hearing I knocked thoir canoe into bits with my hatchet, Then I took my traps aboard and set in to do some tall paddling. ' Mv canoe was loaded down nigh to tbe water' with all that far, but the current was mighty swift, and a big load didn't make much difference. I knew the Sioux wouldn't open an eye before morning, »ud with- that [much start I wasn't afraid of them catching m '? ?' ' Fact is, after what bad happened, I d'dii't much think they would care to follow rc--. And they didn't neither. Leastwise, I reached the trading-post and got the iho'riej f' r the furs without seeing- hide nor hair of any more Indians.' [the end.] 