Renshaw Fanning's Quest, [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] BY BERTRAM MITFORD, AUTHOR OF '"The Gun-Runner, a Romance of Zulu- land," 'Tween Snow and Fire," " Through the Zulu Country : Its Battlefields and Its' People, &c.;" [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XV. THE MIDNIGHT FOE. " Why, it's Renshaw !" cried Mrs. Selwood, who, hearing the sound of hoofs mingling with the barking of the dogs, had come to the door. " We didn't expect you till to-morrow. Well, you're just in time. A few minutes more and we should all have gone to bed; Call Windvogel to take your horse and come in." " I'll let him run ; he's about done up," he answered, removing saddle, bridle and headstall, and turning the animal adrift. " Has your business fallen through?" she asked, as he followed her into the passage and closed the door. "It has had to stand over. Come in here, Hilda," leading the way into an empty room. " I have something to tell you. No—never mind the light. The fewer lights shown the better." Then in as few words as possible he told her of the danger which hovered over them. Hilda Selwood came of a good old colonial stock, and was not lacking in nerve. Still she would not have been a woman had she realised the frightful peril which, threatened herself and her children without a shudder. " We must do what we can, Ren- shaw," she said. "Perhaps they will not attack us." " 'Perhaps is a sorry word to start campaigning upon. What we've got to do is to ensure them as warm a reception as possible if they do. My opinion is that they will, if only that they seem to have been watching the road. I believe they have ascer- tained by some means or other that Chris is away. What people have you on the place just now ?" "Very few. There's Windvogel and old Jacob and Gomfana. That's all." " Windvogel l don't trust. Shouldn't wonder, indeed, if the yellow scoun- drel was in league with them. Old Jacob has more than one foot in the grave—he's no good. But Gomfana, though he couldn't hit a haystack with a gun, might make useful play with a chopper if it came to close quarters. And now, look here," he went on, after [?] hesitation ; " the situation [?] perate. These seven cut- with a noose round [?] ryone of their lives they are all well no suggestion strengthening Marian and I That makes are under an improve ring your- as they er shots to the [?] sp. Her they were ay ! And ed upon to them to the conflict which [?]ge of grown [?????] could possibly at last I'm much mis- camps won't take their own hands shot fired. Now have we ? There's s's—that makes six muzzle loaders, ten barrels. Then Chris has a five- shooter—— " " He took that with him." " Did he ? Well, I have a six. Altogether we shan't do badly. And now you had better break the news to Marian and Miss Avory while I slip down to the hut to rout out Gomfana. And lose no time barricading the windows. Mattresses are the thing for that—almost bullet proof." Arming himself with a gun and re- volver, Renshaw slipped out quietly, and made his way to the huts. Gom- fana, like most natives, slept heavily, and took a deal of waking; and by the time the situation was brought home to his obtuse brain some minutes had been lost. He was a sturdy youngster of about twenty—a " raw " Kafir—that is to say, one who had never been out of his native kraal, and was stupid and ignorant of Euro- pean ways. But at the prospect of a fight he grinned and brightened up. Just as they regained the house a glow suffused the sky against the mountain top, and a few minutes later a broad half-moon was sailing high in the heavens. Renshaw hailed its appearance with unbounded satis- faction. The two girls had already lit their candles for bed when Mrs. Selwood brought the unwelcome news, judi- ciously omitting the ghastly tragedy which could only horrify without en- couraging the hearers. Their method of receiving it was as divergent as their characters. Marian, though she slightly changed color, remained per- fectly cool and collected. Violet, on the other hand, turned white as a sheet, and fairly shook with terror. It was all they could do to keep her from going into wild hysterics. "This sort of thing won't do at all, Miss Avory," said Renshaw, entering at that moment ; his sable recruit hanging back in the doorway. "Why, all you've got to do is to lie down and go to sleep in perfect safety. If we exchange a shot or two that's all it will, amount to. Come, now, I should have thought you would have enjoyed the excitement of a real adventure." Violet tried to smile, but it was the mere ghost of a smile. She still shivered and shook. And Renshaw himself seemed changed. None of the diffident lover about him now. He seemed in his element at the prospect of peril. In the midst of her fears Violet remembered Marian's eulogies on his coolness and resource in an emergency. The recollection quieted her, and she looked upon him with un- bounded respect. Then she noted Marian's calm and resolute demeanor, and even fancied that the look of the latter was expressive of something like contempt—wherein she was mistaken, but the idea acted as a tonic to brace her nerves. Having seen to the firearms and ammunition, and cautioned the women to remain where they were, and allow no more light to be seen than they could help, Renshaw went the round of the house. Effie and the two little ones were sleeping soundly, so also were the two boys. Opening the door, he looked cautiously out. All was still. He had decided that the four- corner rooms should be the points of defence, and the windows accordingly were not barricaded. The others were rendered secure by fixing against each a couple of mattresses. Then he went back to the ladies. The house was now all in darkness, but the moonlight streaming in above the protecting mattresses gave, suffi- cient light for all purposes. "Now good people," he said, cheerily, "you may all go to bed. I'll call you when I want you. I'm going to watch at one corner, and Gomfana will take the other. There'll be no catching us napping. Besides, the dogs will raise the most awful shillaloo if anyone heaves in sight." Shakedowns had been improvised on the floor with rugs and pillows. In great measure reassured by Marian's unconcern, Violet consented to lie down. Mrs. Selwood betook herself to her children's room. The moon mounted higher and higher to the zenith, flooding the land with an eerie and chastened half light. The monotonous chirrup of the tree- frog, the shrill baying of a pair of hunting jackals, the occasional cry of a nightbird mournfully echoing from the mountain side, floated to the watcher's ear. Unremitting in his vigilance, Renshaw moved silently from room to room, his unerring eye scanning the ground at every point, and keeping his sable lieutenant up to the mark, lest that worthy should be tempted to doze. But Gomfana, who was armed with an axe and some assegais taken from a wall trophy, was rather thirsting for the encounter than otherwise. Some hundred and fifty yards from the main dwelling was a large out- house block, comprising stables, waggon shed, shearing house, &c.; On this point Renshaw's attention was mainly con- centrated. He felt sure that the mis- creants would take advantage of the shadow of this building to creep up as near as they could. Another point that needed watching was the thick quince hedge which skirted the garden, and which now afforded a shade con- genial to the assailants' movements. Nothing is more trying to the nerves than a lonely nocturnal vigil. Most men, brave enough in actual danger, would have felt the " creepy " effect of those silent hours as they strained their eyes upon the surrounding veldt, now construing a shadow into an enemy—now hearing a whisper of voices—the tread of a stealthy foot- step—in the varying and spectral sounds of the night. But Renshaw's solitary and wandering life had inured him to these, things. His chief con- siderations now were, firstly lest the drowsy feeling which he was doing his utmost to combat, should tend to dim his vigilance ; secondly, the stilling of his cravings for just one carefully guarded pipe. Suddenly the faintest possible creak of a footfall on the floor behind him. He turned like lightning. " It's only me," whispered a soft voice. And a tall figure approached in the gloom. "Marian! Why are you not lying down with the rest?" " They're all asleep now, even Violet. Look, I've brought you some sandwiches. You hardly ate anything, when you came in. You get to work upon them at once, and I'll mount sentry while you are having supper." " How good of you," he said, taking the plate from her, and also the glass of brandy and water which she had mixed for him. " Why, what have you there ? A shooting iron ?" " Of course. You don't suppose I was going to leave my gun behind when we are in a state of siege, do you?" She carried a double- barrelled breech- loader—rifle and shot cartridge—and there was a warrior flash in her eyes visible in the moonlight; which told that she meant to use it too, if occa- sion required. " It is very lonely for you; watching all by yourself, " she continued. " I thought I would come and keep you company." " So like you again. But look here, Marian, dear. You must not be exposed to danger. Single-handed I can make such an example of the schepsels that they'll probably turn and run. Still, they might let fly a shot or two. You will go back to the others if I ask you, will you not ?" Her heart thrilled tumultuously within her. In the darkness she need be at no pains to conceal the tell-tale expression of her face. Ah, but—his tones, though affectionate, were merely brotherly. That might be, but still, whatever peril he might undergo, it should be her privilege to share it— her sweet privilege—and she would share it. "No, I will not," she answered, decisively. "I can be as cool as anyone living, man or woman, Feel my hand ; there's is not a tremble in it." And her fingers closed round his in a firm steady clasp, in which there was nothing nervous, nothing spasmodic. "I believe you can," he answered, but I was thinking of your safety." " My safety !" she interrupted. Then, in a different, tone, " How do you suppose they'll come, Renshaw? Walk openly to the house, or try to creep up in the shadow !" "The last. You see they showed their hand by tackling me upon the road. Yet they, may think I've turned in and bothered no more about it. Hallo !" " What is it !" "I could have sworn I heard some- thing. I've got long ears—like a don- key, you will say." She obeyed. From that side of the house nothing was visible except a long stretch of sickly moonlight and the line of trees. But the dogs had disappeared within the shade of the latter, and were raising a clamor that was truly infernal. They seemed to be holding something or somebody in check. Then she returned to her former post. "There's nothing there," she said, "at present. Ah!" Three shadowy figures were flitting round the angle of the outhouse block above mentioned. They gained the shade thrown by the front of it— crouched and waited. "Here they are," whispered Ren- shaw, under his breath. " I was up to that dodge. One fellow was told off to draw off the dogs, while these jokers sneaked up in the opposite direction. Look—here come the rest," (TO BE CONTINUED.) 