m Stageiaud studies' (Chiefly Australian). 1 Iff By Gah.net "YValch. .jUk_..S, No. 14. Prohibited Plays. Jf'M.C.A.—The Bebby Blisht. —Follow - biy Leadeb,—The Happy Land.—Rank Con spiracy-—Such a Picnic!—Dodging the Police.—A Cruel Sell.—"A False Step.— A Friendly- Hint. K'Wnk?t 1 read iu the aecouubs of last Cup "Day Selebrafcious how the Young Men's Christian Associa ^^faon had chosen Frankston as the venue for their Annual picnic, I conld not help wondering what; iffect it would have had upon their nerves Should they have suddenly discovered that upon the jyery spot where they assembled and sang their hymns ,s;iJa'-jpZa]/ had once been acted—that play a burlesque— ttat burlesque prohibited by the authorities ! It *is true that the date of the perfoi'mftSa^"'"1 sMis rather remote from the present -ch^y— ■sj^wards the close of the " seventies,ttj,not P—'a^d,». ^Jffijat the ozone- crtm-iodine-laden "bffp'zelr&l;^the baj^ V;|^ave had plenty of time to pitrir^ifre.to\ '..(Kchrtain folk, myself amongst the nulhher^Franks^oii !f'^will always be associated with that peH'^r&'ad'j6;oLu£/ //prohibited play given in defiance of the^.Gi •ri:Mnent, the Black Wednesday, civil-service-decimat |hig, unkind, uncouth, unreasonable, Berry-blight fwovernment. For the enlightenment of a new generation who, tremble iu their shoes if a Premier jdp but wink or a Bent wag his fat head, let me tell phe story of " How we defied the Government." •. It was this way. News had just reached Melbourne ffchat a burlesque, satirising the British Government tend even going so far as to caricature some of Her ^Majesty's Ministers, had been produced at a London pheatre, where it was promptly stopped by the Authorities. Seized with the idea that just such a jfplay was calculated to tickle the Melbourne public land stood no danger of being stopped in this free Icountry, Mr. H. E. Walton, that capital but aome jjwhat erratic character aotoiv, called upon me with |a; request that I would undertake its concoction. .^'p^Tow it so happened that a few evenings previously f //'g|£ had heard my friend Marcus Clarke saying that he 1,15 iK®^iad drafted a rough copy of apiece on those very lines. |F sent Walton on tc Clarke, and the two put their Ibeads together. The result was that a few days later ''Thc Happy Land, apolitical burlesque, was announced !'.^jfor production at the Bijou Theatre, then the ■///j/Academy of Music. The opening night came and ".iV.fjthehouse was crowded. The audience were delighted, ///both with the pungent satire of the dialogue and the '/admirable "toalce-ups" of the leading performers who ' . Represented members of the Ministry. Whether in slavish emulation of the Home 'Government, or out of actual dread of such powerful \- , '' weapons as were comprised in this sheaf of keenest '/sarcasms, I know not, but the "Victorian Ministry instructed the Police, who forthwith forbade further ' /repetition of the piece. This was, of course, a terrible / 'jfailow, and meant heavy peounlary loss to those ' concerned. Vainly did the disappointed public and ^//management clamour against the childish cowurdibe //displayed by the men who thus confessed themselves ■//afraid of wholesome ridicule. The flat had gone ' //"forth, the Happy Land burlesque was nut to be /■' '/flayed in Victoria, under any circumstances what . //ever. Betters, deputations, the representations of / /personal friends, all alike failed to move the stern "/fesolve of the powers that were. Then began the ;growth of that secret organisation,' The Happy. Land /Conspiracy. A certain body of men who shall bo individually nameless, but whom ;we will style ;',te$n»ply the Conspirators, met in conclave, and, like /■/vHorabius of old, swore by all the gods that yet one / /tiiore performance of the Happy Land burlesque in entirety should be given, and that, too, within / fine boundaries of this self-same colony. "'/./•'■//it began to be rumoured abroad that planB were '•••-^•■ifoot to defy the Government, and the "latter, we *nay be sure, did their best to find out further , particulars. All they could discover, however, was ■ _ , * Styitioiully wrlH&u; for Va&XiB; Tjl.x,k,—-AU ritflite voeorved, tliat a steamer had been chartered for a certain day, and that tickets, price one guinea each, were procurable for'the trip known as the Happy Land picnic. The general opinion in certain high quarters was that the performance of the piece would take place on board this steamer, and, if she proceeded at least three milesNoutside the heads, she would be beyond the jurisdiction of the Victorian police. Hence, no active steps Avere taken to interfere with the preparations in progress. The morning came and found the steamer lying ready at Sandridge pier, flaunting a brave display of bunting, and bearing huge placards notifying the service for which she had been engaged. A band on board played the Happy Land polka, locally composed in honour of the prohibited burlesque, and on the deck stood grouped the actors and actresses who had originally sustained the parts in the piece. Great care had been taken.in the sale of the tickets, and it is doubtful if there Avere any police on board ; but had there been, they Avould hardly have interfered in what, up to the present point. Avas a perfectly lawful undertaking. Enquiries made on board failed to elicit any information as to the steamer's destination. Even the captain himself did not knoAvitj he Avas entirely in the hands of the executive committee—the Con spirators—and Avas sailing under sealed orders. A large crowd had assembled on the pier, and cheered xpudly as the moorings were cast off, the band blared ^ts loudest, the passengers huzzaed in reply, and the Yrteamer glided down the Bay, heading straight for jfjueenscliff. But Queenscliff Avas not to see the Jiappy Landers. "When about half an hour out from Sandridge, the Conspirators notified the skipper, a sharp turn Avas made and a straight course laid for Erankston. The-unexpected arrival of the boat set the inhabi tants of the pretty little village all agog Avith excitement, and a mounted messenger Avas seen to gallop off for Mornington, doubtless to despatch a telegram to Melbourne. The Conspirators had assured themselves of the fact that Erankston did not then possess a telegraph office, and the local police Avere of course poAverless to act without definite instructions from head-quarters. In Avcnderfully short space of time a large tent, open on one side and divided in the middle into stage and dressing-rooms, Avas erected, the " company" had assumed their costumes, make-up, &c.;, the towns people had been summoned by a bellman to enjoy the performance gratuitously, and the curtain rose on the first scene of the Happy Land, as prohibited by the Victorian Government. NotAvithstanding one or tAvo slight contretemps, suoh for instance as the falling of the canvas partition, discovering the dressing-room, &c.;, the performance proceeded merrily, and Avas brought to a successful conclusion. Group>-photographs Avere taken of both audience and performers, the tent Avas struck, everything, packed up and hurried on board, and the steamer Avas soou on her Avay back to,Melbourne, Avhere she arrived in due oourse. And so ended the second and final representation of the Happy Land, Victorian version A Aveek or tivo passed, and by this time tlie Government had been so unmer cifully chaffed by the Press for their action in pro hibiting the play at all, that it Avould have taken a good deal to have induced them to stop any similar piece. When, therefore, a second political .bur lesque, Avrltten by Mr. Joe UroAvn, avho announced under the title of The Agapemone j or, the Abode of Love, at the old Princess Theatre there Avas iiot the slightest objection made, althpug tiiuoh of the dialogue was considerably "'hotter than that of the Tlappy Land. It Avas in connection with the Agapemone that a practical joke Avau played upon Walton—which I do not think lias yet found itu way into , print. It Avas understood that the pro duction Avas to be subsidised by the Opposition to the extent of one or tAvo hundred poundsj I aru not quite sure of the amount, but it Avas a fairly large sum. This money was,to be handed to 'Walton- as stage arid business-manager, and lie Avae in a gi;eat state of excitement to handle it. One of the original conspirators, in fu'ot the Scenic Artist, Avas lo"wait upon a member of the Opposition and receive the money, Avhioh he Avas to bring to tlie White Hart Hotel, Avhere Walton aviis to call. For Borne reason or other the day of payment Avas postponed, and the Scenic Artist, looking in at the White Hart before tlie hour appointed to meet Walton, Avas mentioning this to Mine Host, genial old 'Harry Edwards,. avIio dearly loved a hit of fun, Avhen the latter—this Avas at about nine o'clook in the evening—e^olaimed, " Look here, Ave'll liaA'e a lark with Walton; yon shall pretend you've got the money and are spending it recklessly/' and with that Edwards juroceeded deliberately to empty tills and cash-box of the greater part of their contents, cheques, notes and gold, stuffing the same, without counting—a sum anywhere between two and five hundred pounds—into the Scenic Artist's pockets. " Now," said Edwards, " when Walton comes, shout as liberally and as often as you like for all this party, and pay with my money." True to his time, Walton soon after turned up. " Got it, old man ?" he whispered to the scenic artist. " All right," replied the scenic artist, show ing him a roll of notes and a handful of gold, " What will you have to drink ?" Walton ordered a modest half-pint. " Not a bit of it," cried the scenic artist, " We're going to have some fizz, you must join us." Walton groaned audibly at this but rather than see his friend break into the big lump sum, actually paid for two bottles of Mumxn with his last sovereign, badly wanted at home just then. But this piece of self-sacrifice was of no avail. The Scenic Artist cried, like Oliver, for more. And with that three or four further bottles were quickly opened, Walton excitedly nudg ing his friend the while, and whispering whiu ingly, " Don't be a fool, man P" then looking on horror-strickenly as a five-pound note was handed to Edwards, and begging his fellow-conspirator in broken tones to " come away and settle business." But no; some more friends dropped in, and a third and larger round of wine ordered and paid for, Walton's features growing perfectly convulsed as he saw what he deemed this terrible waste of the money ■ which he ached to finger. To make a long story short, he was tortured thus for some time further, the coup cle grace being at last given by the Scenic Artist disgorging the remaining contents of his ixoctets, and thrustiug the money into Edwards' hands with the hiccoughed remark, "Take care't ole fler,'s orl righ, nee'n't coun' it!" This little joke cost Edwards the best part of a ten pound note, but, of course, he could afford it, and he always said that to watch AValton during that mauvais quart d'heurc was worth ten times the money. 1 have many more quaint doings of this same jolly Boniface in my note-book, but they will keep for another opportunity. Talking of prohibited plays gives me an oppor tunity of expressing my personal curiosity as to what rules guide the English Lord Chamberlain and his advisers with regard to the dramatic censorship. It is difficult to understand how what have been happily styled the " Ibsenities" of Ghosts, Hosmersholm, etc., the warm descriptive passages and suggestive situations of The Tempter, or the terrible disclosures of The Second Mrs. Tanqueray should pass unchallenged when plays clearly upholding morality, by showing how easily people drift into sin, are proscribed. Such a play with such a fate was A False Step, adapted by Mr. Arthur Matthison (author of The Little Hero) from Augier'e drama Les Lionnes Pauvres. The examiner of plays, in rejecting this piece, characterised it as "profoundly moral in its ultimate purpose, but feared that if presented to a mixed English audience it would give much offence", etc. "Mr. Clement Scott, who was appealed to at the time by Mr. Matthison for his opinion, condenses the plot of A False Step as follows:—There are two married couples living on terms of intimate friendship in Lon don, a Mr. and Mrs. Prendergast, and a Mr. and Mrs. Duval. Mrs. Prendergast, who has been a spoiled child from her infancy, selfish to the backbone, badly brought up, and taught to live for money, dress and extravagance, has married an elderly man who is too blindly fond of her to see her faults or to oheok her frivolity. Mrs. Duval, who owes every thing in life to her former guardian, old Prendergast, the husband of her friend, has married a man she believes in, whom she loves, but who plays her false. Whilst old' Prendergast is slaving to support his wife, and Mrs. Duval is stinting herself and denying herself every comfort for her husband's sake, tliis'very husband is spending all his income and more, borrowing money and compromis ing himself in a hundred ways, blinded by his infatuation for Mrs, Prendergast. " The treacher ous, intrigue between the married Duval and the married Mrs, Prendergast," says Mr. Scott, "is unhappily, if I am to believe the Divorce Coixrt, not an uncommon form of intrigue in English society. There is nothing particularly Parisian about it. The milliners of Regent-street and Bond-street, I dare say, could tell pretty much the same stories of how married women's bills are paid, as could Worth or Piugat or Defender; aucl, doubtless, the tale has pretty much the same end in Paris as iu England, At last the guilty pair are' unmasked} at last old Prenclorgaet discovers that lie has been a doting, trusting fool, and at last Mrs. Duval, in bitter tears and 'agony, knows that she lias wasted all her life, all her affection, and all lier trust on a worthless man. The moral is contained iu the,answer of the outraged Mrs. Duval when lior guilty and detested husband com oh bl ubbering and whining at the feet of his injured wife. "You have sacrificed, and for ever, the true' love of a true woman, and as loyal a friendship as ever man gave to num. Look at your world two crushed lives and two brolcenhouseholds. Never hope or think to see me again; our lives,, as our hearts, are no longer one; for the present has killed the past!" Such is the merest outliue of another " prohibited play," which I for one would like to see produued iu Australia., Will Messrs, Brough and BoucJoault kindly lake the hint. [Next week's . instalment will he Ayovwo • Dramatists.] • 