REMINISCENCES OF OLD BENDIGO. No. XVII. By DANIEL MERINGTON. I first met Edward O’Keefe, soon after the election. He came to my office and intro duced himself as M.M.B. for Kilmore, desirous of shaking hands with a brother member who had disputed the chair with “that spalpeen Mein tyro.” Would I, come round to the. Shamrock? (Would a . horse eat..hay r What foolish questioiysoven sensible people will sometimes put) In a quiet j parlor of the old “ Sfihm” he opened negotatibns, details bf .which now, after 36 years, 'first; meet the broad light of publication and would still' be withhold could such publicity bo hurtful. First lot mo say that I was much Impressed by .the man whose rugged features showed “grit,” penetration, firmness of purpose and Celtic shrewdness of acuteat type. As I attempted to road him, feeling assured that there', was some'strong motive behind the advancos bo made, I felt that, in return, ho .was. reading mo. Perhaps wo wore' mutually satisfied at all .events. Ho proposed that at tho full meeting of tho Hoard,'three weeks thence, I should again stand for tho chairmanship I declined, positively; my. caucus motion had boen madc simply' as a protest against tho appointment of a man whom I considered totally unfit for tho position, 1 had no de sire for the presidency, and 1 certainly would not risk defeat, with four Sandhurst members dpadagainstme.and.no certain support bat his own from the outsiders. “If you will stand, I will guarantee your return. Blank, and Dash are pledged to mo and cannot retreat if they wished to do so. Stephenson is a digger, a gentleman, (never truer descrip tion of . the grand old fellow), a man of your own kidney who, at your first meeting, will chum with you and stand by you over after wards ; that makes us five. Josephs, does not approve of Mclntyre and, onco knowing tho strength you possess, will give his vote in your favor. Six to four. 1 can substantiate every word I have said. What do you say now?” I looked O'Keofo straight in tho eyes which mot mine unflinchingly, and in a flash saw the motive of tills well laid, clearly thought-out plan by which, apparently, I alone would profit; that motive was—sectarianism. Crush nigly defeated by tho Presbyterians, at tho general polls O’Keefe's party had determined to oust the enemy’s nominee from his coveted honors, at any price,-I was- to bo their instrument. Wo separated after I had pro mised to consider tho matter aud return an answer within threo days. : That night, outside the Shamrock, I found i two roughs bullying an elderly, lame man whom I rescued from their hands. We ad journed to-tho bar, where ho told me that ho Lad como in by coaoh from Rushworth. His • name was Stephenson and ho had just boon elected to tho Mining Board! How strangclv things come about. Hero was tbo man I wanted to know and propitiate, thrown into my hands and already under a trifling obliga tion at my hands. The meanness of trading Upon such an obligation (and 1 do not think I- was then capable df it) was spared mo. O’Keefe’s prophecy was more than verified. From tho first, old Jock and ! became sworn churns. As truly had this Moltko of intrigue S redacted of Josephs, my wire-puller was a orn uncultured genius ; ho had foreseen and Eroyidcd for everything—us it seemed. I ad now consented to stand for tho-chairman ship, and the day of election was near at hand. Ono thing puzzled and disturbed mo. "Blank and Dash, in whom O’Keefe expressed such utter confidence and with whom I held no commune, were over in tho camp of tho enemy; tho ono wining with the Com missioner, tho other at bcok and call of ray rival or his supporters. Might not the Philistines have gained over these quasi friends ? Said the misguided O’K: “There is no cause for uneasiness, those men are mine; lo.ok you to those with whom you are concerned.” Alas I for onco, my Machiavel lian friend was at fault. Treason had crept into oar camp. Oar mines had been counter mined—wc wore to be “hoist- with our own petards." On tho ovo of election day our recreant allies wore missing. O’K. was ■furious and in despair; spies wore sent out, and reported that thd renegades wore locked .up, in Mollison’s .quarters. ..Now. came a sternly'interview with my partner in iniquity. circumstances would I suffer open defeat; if nominated, ! would decline com petition. He urged that this would bo unfair lq hint, but I persisted ; either, he must per sonally bring his men to the scratch or I wont back on the whole arrangement. Up to the hour of meeting next day, the missing ones lay dow. As it struck, wo three entered tho - room., Mclntyre stood talking to Carpenter, Josephs sat gracefully and characteristically o»j q rail. The door opens, enter; Blank, on tho arm of Mollison, Dash, supported by Grove; all four nfiovo to the Molntyro end of tho table; Josoplis, with ono .deprecatory look in ray direction, slips off tho rail and joins their festive throng! Moved by Mollison, seconded by Grove, that Mr. Mclntyre, etc. Moved by O’K. seconded by Stephenson, that Mr. . ilerington, etc., etc, Mcringten declines, the honor; Mac. “elected unanimously,” returns thanks; Mollison shakos my band, with the nearest approach to a wink of .which his staid coun tenance’is capable. Exit O’K;'with a D. big enough to comprise tho entire assemblage. Tableau. -I grieve to say that, later on that same evening, O’Koofo and 1 fought in tho Sham rock bar till separated by Crowley and Stephenson. Ho could not forgive mo. At a subsequent meeting of tho Board, sitting on my loft hand ana ns I finished speaking to a motion, lie rose, somewhat unsteadily : “Mr. Chairman, every word that foil from tbo Ups of the last speaker is o lie 1” After that lie lay down awhile, with tho choir on top of him. There was confusion. Mac. saw his opportunity and went for mo, viciously; “That a member who had made pretentions to the chair should bo the first ono to use violence ——” “Stay, stay, Mr._ Chairman,” said Mollison, with his quiet air of authority, “ I cannot permit thoso remarks. Mr Mcr ipgtqi) was grossly insulted and acted as ho should havo done ; such an outrage should bo ‘ immediately rosouted-.ovon In a ohurch!’’ Bully tor Mollison. This time I walked over and shook hands with him—without a wink There was much scandal over this affair. Thatcher sung us as tho “Fighting' Mining Board.” Truly it was a lamentable scene, but typical of tho times. Passages at arms between prominent citizens and in public places were not infrequent in ’6B. Hoyle made “head' punching” a speciality, and was ever ready with his shoulder of mutton fist; too previous, in fact. when, ho taoklod Martin frgain in the Sham),, and that ghost of a |ljl|a<}qw, almost invisible, qidqwaySj hut the [ Incarnation of' phi ok' and ferocity, out tho burly TorUshiromnn'a face into ribbons and j well .nigh choked him in his own nook tie. Over tho Hayoook mystery, Hutchinson the stammerer, Protheroe, tho mouth roofless, as medical exports had given differing testimony,. .they mot in Pall Mall “ You’re a 11—-liar 1” “And you’re a g-dab id-postor.” They* clinched. Vaj viotis! Protheroe boro" away his opponent’s goatee, with ‘ epidermis attached, for which offence Bendigo “Mao.” fined £6—and of which trophy, ho .was said to have made a tobacco pouch. Alas I i pur infringement of ‘ social amenity wore ' many, our mofrals wore imperfect, and our | observance of decorum conspicuously absent, in those dark ages but, heaven bo praised 1 the horrli) bxanjplo of their forefathers has boon' deterrent te tips present .-gohprqtlcn which drinks •aqd pghte blic littVp. Inebriate Helots, wp woro object Iqssons to Spartans of Ujo present day. .. X sdt in the Mining Board for about : four months, during which time wo passed, with but little alterations, the code whloir Moll laohv •had so laboriously prepared, while no further alterations disturbed dho serenity of our con clave. This funoticn complete, our dhtics wore virtually at ’an end. My pledges wore , fulfilled; my journalistic duties called for. severance from the institution and I Tully taking my vacant chair. Two months?, later, tho half yearly Governmental cheque’ )£250) earn** round. I. lay low and waited.*: £lB Ids 4£d was tho fractional amount, due. to"my, sittings This, after vain expostulation frqra Stephenson, my nine confreres mvidodnmongst themselves. Still T waited qnd .'yob no acknowledgement appeared'of-, lavish donation to Hospital or Asyliun. Then,; through column of tho “Moroury,” I lot my. ’still, small voice bo hoard, mildly recalling olbotionoorihg promises of my dosnoilors - and. .'freely donating the share they had not 'paid mojto'those valuable and indigent Institutions.: Gall up-the shades of Hopkins and Dorman;; bidr them, with grisly fingers, turn tho baok pages ,of;receipt- books, and sighingly proclaim; tUo T result of my app'eal : . ’ r ' ) r Enmity, between O’Roofo and myself; had long passod' away, inlaot it had existed on his sldo only. Prom the first I felt rospoet for .(1)6 self-making man; using from scant^ .tago of station or. education ,and from small beginnings to the height which ho buUbo ■quontly attainod. His. plot, as imperfectly sketched by me, showed masterly powers of observation, combination and resource and would have born completely successful but for the'defection of .allies in whom ho trusted too implicitly. His death; at. an'ago when natural gifts had’reached full maturity, re moved a>inan who should have made history, and not in Victoria alone, Rude - eloquence; quick repartee and rough but biting sarcasm wore at his ready command. Ho crushed another self-lifted. child iof the bog, with the epithets of “traitor to his. party and renegade to his faith.” That keen discriminat ing Father Blackballs, (than whom no ■hotter Judge of character and ability was over among us) should havo taken O’K. by the hand and . aided his early ■ pro* ‘gross was a caohct of the zeal and intelligence recognised by (he astute churchman in his protege. I doubt that at any previous or subsequent period Bendigo was so universally prosperous ios at this date and for two years following. ; Earlier times, erroneously supposed to .bo its bcat,_ had given more instances of quickly acquired wealth confined, to a fow counter balanced, tenfold,, by ill success of the majority, and resulting In little profit to the district of its procural. Lucky diggers of the early decade bagged their booty and went “home” (sometimes by the ship in which they had arrived, on its return trip) or, at nearest, to Melbourne. Those were days of five and ton pound notes in a fow hands; these, of small change equally and literally distributed. Wealth obtained upon tbo field was now rarely sent or carried away to enriob- other scones while impoverishing our own, but remained to promote fresh on . torpriso and employ new labor. The wageman I with regular aha adequate pay, had largely supplanted tbo old-ground worker of scanty or at best precarious earnings. Prom tho puddling mills, now in fall swing all over tho district, from shallow or surface quartz claims, scattered along tbo main linos of reef, tbo gold rolled plontoously, finding in its monetised form immediate and profitable local investment. Fresh industries were daily established, now buildings arose in all direc tions, city land, hourly increasing in value, was bold for Molbourao prices or let on short and building leases at enormous rentals. Tho oity.propor had gathered within its folds all that was jnvostivo or adventurous in tbo dis trict, adding to their number newcomers, from loss advantaged scones of action and enter prise, wbo with them brought yet more capita) to-find broader channels for its distri bution. Almost everyone seemed to buvo .money, if. not'' in profusion at least above immediate requirements; tbo impecunious prospector or projector with fair show of success in bis adventure, need go short dis tance to find assistant capital for its develop ment. ' • Up to Ibis tho “ Bendigo Advertiser,” started in ’64 by Havorflold mid Lloyd, and tho Courier of tho Mines,” of which Mitchell was. representative and which enjoyed but short existence—bad comprised our local press. Tho “Tiser” now owned by Maokay, Henderson and Casey and controlled when not edited by tbo senior partner was .“ Haines” in-its general politics. (For years Haines qnd O’Bhannossy had see- sawed in Victoria as, later did Parkoa and Robertson in Now South Wales.) Tho O’Shaunassy party was thus unrepresented by public print in tho district. Of its partisans J. F. Sullivan was most prominent. Between this Irish- American and tho Seoto-Sydnoyito, Angus Mackay, bitter feud had long existed—to .bo farther embittered in the future. Sullivan, with whom I was intimately connected, was the loading spirit of the young town, filling obairmain or director-ships of almost all its public institutions ; fiifct to originate or pro mote movements favorable to its progress and prosperity; a fluent and plausible speaker corain populo, and of tnct and suavity in manner which secured him a most influential clientele and a host of followers and admirers. Maokay, whom I over found a man of sterling worth'and integrity, possessed fow personal advantages, in comparison with his rival. Ruggod, abrupt and distant in his manners, with , imperfect vocalisation which rendered his public speaking, painful to hoar; ho neither sought nor aohoivod tbo position of a popular favorite. Tho power'which ho wielded ns a journalist, bqwoyor, counter balanced all other' dofioicncos and Sullivan squirmed beneath tbo lash of bis covert satire or open hostility. Previous negotiations for the purchase of or participation in tho. Moribund Courier had boon unsuccessful— that organ, now defunct, was not worth revival. Prom its asbpa; .phoenix like,, but with mightier wings filled for higher (light, tho Sullivan party,under Ministerial auspices (Q’Shapassy was now in tho ascendant),' Invoked tbo Bendigo Mercury. This was to bo a glorified doily broadsheet worthy of tho rising city, inaugurating a new era in goldfields ophemopul literature, and upon which no oxponse should ho spared to render it representative of its principles racy of its soil and redolent of general information. This was a largo order, involving a capital of thousands; but our party was strong and coin plentiful; wo started as a joint stock company in 200 shares of £25 each. It was a grand old rag, this same Mercury, not only for tbo times and place in which it bad birth, but intrinsically. Our Editor, Richard Andrews was a pen-man of groat force and power, of wondrous versatility, and strong in tho courage of bis opinions. Auto cratic in his chair, ho hold tbo reins of each literary department, giving scant play for vagarious flight to his “subs,” “Turkey Fly,” Harrison and myself ; cruelly cutting down and amending the reports of Jarman and MaoKonzie. Mercilessly mangling tho mining theorems of Ilalkos, and generally running tho pen part of tho sbow as though bo wore not only loading horse but tho “ rest of Ibo team and tbo ynllor dog behind,”. For all that, wo worshipped our chief; had ho mutiiialod our quivering flesh as ho did our copy, 1 almost thinlc wo wonid hard sub mitted. You see, wo know the man ; know tbo pluok and chivalry of his nature, the kindly, sympathetic, protective heart that boat below the defiant eyes and curiously inflamed features of onr Ajax. Above all, 1 ;wo felt the pndo of serving under a man who had refused the loadoi>hip of tho Ago and might, had ho so willed, have been dictator of the' Argus, who in literary ability towered 'hood ond shoulders above his provincial com pears. Glorious Richard | My humble wreath upon your grave, (to db continued). 