The Ardhiiuont O.iso. The Story UtUl hy Scott. The Crown authorities iu Edinburgh sfcnto that thoy havo received no official communication on tho subject of Scott's surrender,- aud, of course, they are. not prepared to say that stops will bo taken in tho matter. Tho ceneral opiuioh, however, seems to be that Scott's movd -raonts will not be interfered with. He is an outlaw in Scotland, and;it lies with him to purge hiinself from that sentence. How that can be done is not at allcloar., Onemethod would bo to; get himself tried on the original indictment, bu^ after the - unsuccessful effort to conucfc Mqiisqu it is not prob- : abio tnat tno autnorities ,wui..^)ormit themselves to bo forced into any suck procedure. ?? Should Scott cross the border, it lies with tho Crown officials, and not with the Procurator- Fiscal of Argylo, to take whnt' steps, if any, ma/ be thought necessary. : The 'Pall Mall Gazette' yesterday gave what the man Scott, or Sweeney, alleges to bo 'the true account of the great Ardlamont Mystery.' : Scott makes no claim to Jitorary powers, but promises to do his best to show how, by one mistake (the harmless adoption of a name other than that by which he was cotnnioiiby known on the turf), he woke up to tina nimseit involved in a mystery, charged with murder, huuted like a dog with a price upon Ms head, declarod an outlaw*, and 'doomed to suffijr more than by my poor ability I can ovor hope to make my readers ap preciate.' Tho . oponing paragraphs in chapter I. of Scott's story cannot be described as thrilling, as thejr only deal with mattors of comparative' insignificance. The most interesting portions of his story are those detailing his meeting with Monsou and his arrival at Ardla mont. i'My acquaintance with Mr. Monson was of no great standing, having com menced when ho was introduced to me casually as a young swell with plenty of money and a great liking to horse racing and betting, and, therefore, a most do.-irablo gentleman for me to cultivate and do business with. It was in or about tho month of May whon I first met Mr. Monson. 'At the latter end of July I was in London, and accidentally met my racing friend. He informed me with evident pride that he was about to enter into possession of what I understood to be his new sporting estate in Scotland. ' Here let me at onco state that, at this time, I did not know of the exist ence of Mr. Hambrough, and had never seen or heard of that young gentleman. I mention this to correct an error which is prevalent to the effect that Hamborough was known to me, but such is not tho case. 'At that mooting in London, Mr. Monson invitod mo to come to visj,t him at Ardlamont, and his invitation was so kindly insisted upon that it was out of the question to ref uso. It was arranged that I should set out for Scotland about the 7th or 8th of August, when Mr. Monson hopod to bo in Glasgow, where we could meet and journey onto Ardla-, inont together. I arrivod in Scotland on the 7th August, and left Greenock ou August 8th. Tho steamer came alongside a pier wnich I understood was our destination. 'So tumbling up on dock, and, thinking my host had gone ashore ahead of me, I left the steamer by tho gangway. But on my arrival on the pier I could not see Mr. Monson, and thon I learnt on inquiry that I had made a mistake in getting off at Tighnabruiach iustead of waiting until the steamer arrived at tho next pier. Upon ascertaining tho distance between Tighnabruiach and Karnos piers to-be only about one mile, I im mediately hirod a trap to drive mo to tho latter, and whilst being so driven by tho lad McPheo, the boots of the hotel, we mot Mr. Monson coming to look for me in his dog-cart. I took my seat by his side, and off we drove to Ardlamont. 'During the drive from the steamer to tho house Mr. Mouson mentioned tho difficulty he folt in introducing me as Mr. Davis, the bookmaker, to his wife and any other ladios or guests who who might come to Ardlamont.' Aftor some discussion, it was arranged that ' Tod Davies, othorwise Sweeny,' should be known as Edward Scott, au euginoor. This, ' Scott' avers, was done in order that his identity as a bookmaker might be concealed; 'After this conversation,' ho con tinues, ' I must confess I did fool a littlo rolieved, for I myself felt a little bit of place going up to Scotland for the 12th of August, presumably for the shooting, without any g-iin or anything of the sort, and I had moro than onco thought ovnr my position if I should bo asked to join in any shooting party, for it is a fact that I am absolutely ig uorant of tho art of shooting, never having possessod a gun, or shot ono off in my lifo, aud, nt tho samo time, I will confess that I am no athloto, and can noither shoot, fish, row, nor swim. I glailby bocamo Mr. Scott for tho timo, I folt roliei'od. Our conversation turned once more to pleasant subjects. On wo trundled through the country, as happy aud us jolly as we could be, littlo dreaming of what was going, to happen within tho next forty-oight hours, and what that very relief I then felt would cost me. ' Having arriverl at Ardlamont House, aud being introduced to Mrs. Monson, who received me most cordi ally, we proceeded to tho dining room, where a vory welcome and nice dinnor awaited us. The party at dinner c in- sisted .of Mr. Mouson and his wife, the governess (Aliss Horon) and myself. Mr. Hambrough did not appear at din ner, and although I understood he was stayiug in the house, I had at this time never seen him, and did not know but what lie was a ghost simitar to mysoii, and it never crossod my inind that ho was the real owner and Monaon wa3 his tutor. I do not suggest that Mr. Monson deceived me as to this, or that I was wilfully misled, but, I supposo, having been introduced to him. as a svro'l with lota of monoy, I assumed nil I saw. I subsequently ascertained that Mr. Hambrough was away fishing that ovoning, aud did not return until vory late at night — past midnight. Mrs. Monson wns a charming hostoss, and made me feel quito at homo. Aftor dinnor Mr. Monson and I al journed to the smoking-room, and horo, again, I was struck with tho omxilotenoss of things, and the very comfortable way in which ho lived. On being shown into my bedroom, I fancied it was a little, cold, and, theiofore, I asked to huve a'good fire made so warm it, as I was after my journey fooling a littlo bit chilly (to which complaint I am vory subject) if I caught cold. My room having been beautifully wnrrnpd, I ro tired to rest on tho night ot the oth ot August, 1893, without a thought of anything but my own good luck at bo ing a visitor at Ardlamont Houso, tho guest of such a delightful hose and hostess as Mr. and Mrs. Monsou. An Invorary correspondent telegraphs that the authorities will tako no further action in the case of Scott, othorwiso Sweeney. His offer to surrender hav ing beon refused, there only remains for Scott to have the sentence of out lawry removed which was pronounced against him for his failure to appear at tho bar of tho court in answer to tho charge of murder of Lieutenant Ham brough at Ardlamont. If ho insists uj-on this sentence being withdrawn, the procedure is to present a petition to the High Courfcof Justiciary in Edin burgh to have this sentence of out lawry recalled. An intimation of Scott's petition would then bo given to tho Crown Agent, and a day specified for the parties to appear. If there was no opposition, the Court would pro nounce a deliverance. 