Despitk oxcoptional ndvantagos and oxooptional onoonragomont— Stato and otliom-iao — somo of oursugnr growora are not having a vory rosy timo of it at prosont, any rnoro than tho whoat growora ana ocuor agnouiturists who rocoivonoStatoassistanco in thoirhattlo with tho soil and with tho lreon compe tition of outsiders. A now pest has ap peared in tho Wido Bay and Burnett distriots in the shape of what is callod tho " gumming " disoaso, and tho Go vernment Entomologist (Mr. Henry Tryon) has boon for somo woohs past in thoso distriots investigating tho disoaso. In various rospoots tho throat- onod danger is a vory sorious ono, and for tho sake of ono of our leading in dustries wo hope that it will bo offoo- tunlly grappled with. But anothor, and probably moro sorious dnngor for tho timo boing, threatens to affoot tho smnll growers. This is nothing moro nor loss than a roduotion in tho prino of sugar cano. In hor now famous lottor to tho Lon don Times of January 7, 1893, Miss Shaw in hor ondonvor to attract from England "peasant proprietors " nnd " gontleman farmers " givos nn osti- mato — " ir/uV/i litis hern supplied to me " alio admits — of tho rosults of fivo yonrs' work for a family taking up 10 acres. Summarised, thoostimato "sup- pliod " Miss Shaw is as follows : — HBYKXUE l'OR VIVE YR&RS.; £ s. d. 10G0 tons of cano at IBs. . , toil 0 0 JMl'IMttHTURE. £ 8. fl. Housea, homes, and implements 102 17 0 Food nnd olotlu'ngr, at 30a per „ week 300 0 0 Repairs, &o.;, at £10 4b, por Ront at £1 per ncre for five yoars 200 o 0 £773 17 0 This would givo a cloar profit for tlio fivo yoars of £21ff 3s.t or about £48 per annum. But tbo important fact must bo borno in mind that wboovor suppliod Miss Shaw with tho ostimato was careful to base his figuros on 1 8b. por ton for tho cane. Now as a mat- tor of fact 80voral ngroemonts havo boon mado in tho Wido Bay districts during tho past twelvemonths to grow cano for mill ownors at 10s. per ton. This would bring Mies Shaw's fivo yoaw' rovonuo down to £780, and ac- copting tho estimates of oxponsos as romvt would give tho smnll enne grow er — Miss Shaw's "poasant proprie tor" — a profit on tho fivo yoars of only £6 3s.! But what do wo find ? That oyon 10s. por ton is considorod too high a prico, nnd tho latost movo is to roauco it to 7s. Gd. por ton ! Why on Miss Shaw's ostimato of expenses this would show a loss to tho " ponsant proprietor " at tho ond of his fivo yoars of about £190! Yot what did Miss Sbaw say in January, 1893 1— The clear profit nfter living for five years will bo £240 3s., besides house and horses. The man who owns this sum, iu addition to tho means of livelihood, is in a position to toko up freehold land if ho chooses, but it is to bo observed that £240 would not pay the wages of a whito laborer at tho Averairo rata for five years. To employ even ono laborer would convert tho profit balanoo into a loss, and success dcpomla upon tho family being ablo to work tho land ontiroly for themselves. Tlio diffioulty of raising tho first capital, whioh is usually tho stumbling-block in tlio way of small ontorpriso, is got rid of by tho ad- vnntiigo which millowuers find iu advancing it. On tho Hcrbort Rivor plantations, wliieh aro nut limited to whito labor, nro lotting land to farmers in largor lots and under similar conditions. With regard to tho osti mato of 30s. a wcok for tho food and clothiug of the family, I may udd that in cost of living Queensland differs greatly from South Africa. It is osaontially tho poor man's country. Moat, bread and vegetables are so cheap that a man lives largely, with thrco meat meals a day and othor small luxuries, at a cost of about 6s. a week. Fruit whoro it grows U so plentiful that it bos uo prico. Whoro it doos uot grow it can hardly ho obtaluod at all. Ilorso and cattle feed costs very littlo, nnd no homestead need bo without cows and poultry. Evcu tho kanakas on tho sugar plantations keep poultry for their own uso. These foots prove, / think without doubt, that tho sugar industry in Queensland offers vo\>/ great advantage alike to milloiriiri'.i, famcvt and laborer. Tho italics aro not ovon ours. Thoy arc thoso of the Queensland Depart ment of Agrioulture whioh thought fit to issuo Miss Shaw's lottor in pamph let form and distribute it broadcast through Great Britain with an oflivial introduction — ono paragraph of which roads thus : — Tho popular idea of tho sugar industry is unfortunately ono that centres round tho SolUical questions involved iu it. Tho pro- uoor ia supposed to bo working at a heavy loss, with ovory probability of early insolvency if tho country docs uot grant tho impossible boon of unlimited ohcap colored labor. Tlio plautor of to-day is supposed to bo idoutScal with tho mnro or loss mythical individual who did duty as such twonty yoars ago. Tho sugar industry is regarded as an aggregation of decaying estates owned by Absentees who aro endeavouring to mako their investments possiblo by tho cxtonsivo uso of low-wagod aliens. All tbrse idea are quite erroncou, and tho industry as it is is tho most thriving and prosperous of tlio agricultural industries of Queensland, Tho millowncr is enlarging and improving his fnatory, and with hardly an oxcoption tlio ownor lumsclf superintends tho work. Kanakas tho country allows him, but theso nro ouly the moaus to an cud. The end it to tenant the large estates with farmer. Tho gang labor syslom is doomed bcoauso of its inherent oxponso ; tho millowncr must lmvo cano, nnd so proposes to got contractor to grow earn for him. He goes to far a to offer hi land on cuaty term of purchase to whoever will supply hi mill with canc. Ho has coased to bo a planter, and proposes to hocoino a manufacturer, puro and simplo. All ho asks for is soracono to supply his fnotory with tho necessary raw matoriul, nnd houco tlio cry goes up— 11 Farmers Wauted !" Tho italics in this instanco aro ours. Such was tho remarkablo endorsement which our Queensland Government gavo to Miss Shaw's lottor and esti mates. In this vory pamphlet one chapter is hoaded " Examples of con ditions oflorod by owners of estates " for disposing of them, ond wo notico that in nearly overy caso it is statod that tho cano will bo purchased for the mills from prioos varying botwoon lis. and 13s. por ton. Elovon shillings por ton is tbo very lowest, and that is doliverod at tho tramway truoks— not tho mill, at whioh tho lowest prico statod is 12s. Now lot us contrast tho -uttcranve of Miss Shaw nud tho utternnvrH of tho Quoonslaud Govornmont in 1893 with facts in 1894. Tho Bumlahcnj Mail is a docidod champion of tho sugar industry, and has novor boon back ward in advocating tho planters' in terests. Anything, thoroforo, in its columns rolativo to the sugar industry may bo lookod upon as mni official from a sugar point of view. What thou aro wo to think when wo find in its columns in last Monday's issuo the following romnrkablo and significant statomeut from a correspondent at tho well known sugar growing dietriot of Kelly's Camp? It is hoaded "Tho Prico of Sucrar Gane " : — The lato movo in roducing the prico of cane, muoh of it showing over lOdog. Boauuo, to 7b. Gd. por ton delivered at tho mill, should bo au oyu-openor for fanners who havo signed (or nro Hkoly to do) somothing whioh must hoof vory extraordinary nuturo, wondorfullv elastic. I should think if a roduotion could bo mado to 7s. 0d. por ton by virfcuo of tho digued pnpor, thero could bo no great difil- culty iu still further redlining tho paying prico to 6s. per ton. It certainly speaks volumes In prniso of tlio long-hcndcd person who draftca it in favor of tho tnillor, but I would not caro to havo inuoh dealings with him. I would at any rato act very catofully, keep strictly sober, and got up very early ench morning in hopo of holding my own with him. It may be that tho paper signed is of uo uso to oithor miller or farmer (cer tainly uot to tho Iuttcr one would think). One tiling, however, seems pretty oienr ; tlio millers and tlio Government, between them, lately stood at nothuig to prevent the Sugar Works Guarantee Act from bciog taken ad- tiiuwuu ui V) 1IUUWI.1 iu L1IU I&IS;, unu WIUIO tho Kelly's Camp men wcro fighting for a mill tho private mill ownors wcro very polite to thoir customers, freely payiug them the highest price for cano. But so soon as tlio cowardly death-blow was given to tho Kelly's Company by tho Government to order, and tho coast apponred to bo cloar to go-us-you- please, millers began to see their way to keep farmers onco moro in their "proper place" and trout them just as thoy the millers) thought fit. If the word suicide were written on tho sugar iudustry it would be apropos of such conduot. Bo tho agree ments fictitious or binding, a moral under standing now exists tlmt a fair prico shall be paid for cano, and tliut price Is !Os. per ton. Keep nt that and thcro will bo satisfaction on tho part of tho farmer and a fair show of prosperity around him. Any roduotion on tho 10s. per tnu, bo it over so small, will de stroy what would otherwise bo a perfectly goou fooling between the farmers and tho millers. To offer 7s. Gd. and expect farmom to continuo growing cane at that prico is sheer insanity, for it means suicide of tlio milling interests as well as murder of tho farming interests of tho sugar industry. If mill proprietors find tlioy havo erected mills whioh cannot bo oconomioally worked — mills that swallow up forests of firowood ovory season— thoy must not oxpcot tho fnrmora to pay for suoh wasteful milling by a roduotion on their part of tho prico of tho cano thoy supply. Tlio Isis sugar millers fivo in a fool s paradiRO if thoy dream of outting down the prico for enno, for ncithor tho farmers— who nro doctors, nnd tho other oleotors of Burrutn, us well us tlio voters in the general run of electorates in tho colony will allow them to do just ns thoy think fit. Sugar growing must either pay tho farmers a fair roturn, and that too without any help from Asiatic labor, or it will not bo carried on at all undor tho prosont system, which is on tho whole opposed to tho best development of tho industry. Tho whole of tho mills should bo worked on tlio co-oporativo prinoiplo laid down iu tho Sugar Works Guaranteo Aot, bo that all persons councctcd with tlio industry would equally loso or benefit by depreciation or rise as tuo caso might ho in tho value of sugar in tho world's market. Tho grand principtoof tho Aot should he extended to in- oludo erection of refinorics by companies having no interest bar niarkots outiido tiio limits of Queensland. At present a vast company foreign to tlio colony regulates or dominates tho colonial market. This samo will soon bo recognised generally as a big political power forcibly trying to, and possibly succeeding iu, moulding tho minds of many directly interested in tho sugar industry to the idea tlmt tho colony must and shall open its gates to a voritnblo flooding of servito colored labor. Its agreement witn tlio Rail way. Commissioners shows that " for ways that aro dark " it is not so slow. There has bcon too muoh dark, unseen work conncoted with tlio sugar industry in tlio past, and tho ovilrccras to bo increasing, but it c&nuot; in- creaHO much moro, for in spite of opposition tbo principle of tho Sugar Works Aot will - get such a hold on tho feelings of all who wiih to soo tho colony progress as a truly Australian ono, who wish to soo irosporouH farming communitities working its lands, tlmt it will bo generally adopted putting ox- tortionnto millors ana monopolists of all kinds connocted with the industry to tho right about. The dronos arc having thoir innings nt presont, thoy may not havo suoh anothor whou this ono is ovor for many a long year to tocorao— lot us hopo so, for it stands to reason if tho farmers got fair play, prosperity will bo general with all otassca ; if not, then tlio sugar industry is a delusion. Sovon shillings and nixpcnco a ton would as certainly floor Ft, as 10s. makes it tho baokbono of Queensland. Tlio growers must be fairly paid, or down comos tlio industry bovoud tho ghost of a doubt. Lot our roaders compare tho above with Miss Shaw'B statements and the endorsement of tho Quoensland Go vernment, and draw their own con clusions, whioh we are certain will he interesting. Probably they might then fnel inclined to ask the question : Who mainly benefits by tho " boom " in the sugar industry— the "peasant pro prietor," ortho 1 vast company foreign to tho colony whioh regulates or dominates the colonial markot," and which " will soon be recognised gene rally as a big political power " ? We can throw a little further light on that subject, which will enable our readers to supply tho answer. Between the 1st January and the 17th November, no less than 286 liens on sugar crops havo beon givon by small cane- growers totho " vastforeign company " mentioned, and 116 liens given to other mill ownors. Thus 402 cane growers this year mortgaged their next season's crop, and this fact speaks significantly. Horo are the monthly figures show ing tho liens given on tho growing orop of sugar cano ; — To tho vast For- To other Mill clga Company. Owners. November (to 17th) 35 10 October .. ,,2 4 Soptorabor,, .,32 6 August .. ..19 ,3 July ,, », 30 2 Juno , . ..31 10 May .. ,,22 21 April . , . , 35 ig March ,. .«»j,47 17 February .. '10 17 January ..17 11 Totals .. 280 He Nearly all these liens wore from smal cano growers, nnd taken in conjunol tion with tho revelations of the writer- in the Ihiiiilnbm, Mail, we think our readers will have no diffioulty in arriving at certain conclusions as to who it is that is now mainly reaping the hnrvost in i ho sugar industry. As wo have said, a danger far more sorious than tho" gumming"disoasethreatens tho small cane growers. 