«HfiLF A BRICK." (Written y. expressly for the on ins, Democrat.") y 'Tasmanian ed My situation was unenviable, and the look gloomy. I was crouched in the hol of . an ancient gum, carving flakes from sodden tabacco plug, with soaked finger was so damp—spiritualy and physically—fo di- the rain was falling in unbroken streams It though someone above, of a mischievous t of at- mind, was deluging the earth with a watering-pot. " The scrub shiv TO ', with th 's pelter, the trees shod buckets of ars. ground-was trained with miniature river Faraway r cam- the squeak of :iMack ja the dismal croak of a happy fro-/, and, t-class further still, the dull roar of'tli*: oc an ing on'the Whale Bock. I lia ' hern th victim e of a joke, or the wild rev ngc agedrlunatic. as Here was his sk tc ht 1 .:—tor and utterly demoralisedl>v th - wvaih f setting forthhow I should find a c rta he pointed, button-grass hill,on the south sl of ry which croppedup a quartz r_-t.-f of told , wealth, an<l dipped into the valley nds bevond. I had found the hill and the va but od not the reef. There was no quartz nd within a mile of it; not a piece as large No. 6 shot. " Nothing—but buton grass, p- bogs, and scrub, and rain. So I had a journed t to thegum tree, and opened to ich mind to the prevailing desolation, and endeavoured to calmmy soul with a pip s ls, That r" morning at daylight ihe hoary father ve ofmy woes -hailLandedme n llec Hell's Gates, Macquarie Harbour, and was awaitmy return at Long Bay at sunset. s for four hours I had walked in a south for easterly direction .and found the hilLAn for • four ^ more I had searched for the r and found it not. And for two more I Sat ck, in the holow tree andsmoked and ach called my. informant hard names, and behoid, it was wel on into the aftern Then I arose and secreted tobacco and 'matches from the wet, shouldered pick, ty shovel, and disli and struck out due no h by the cempass; and the further I tram the to harder it rained, the deeper fell th et- shadows, and the denser grew the scru Nothing mortal could have withstood, th awful deluge. It was one continuous pu he bones, jny vestas had run themselves. int shower bath. .1 was never so.damp in mylife before. I was literally soaked tom lump,my bafocv had been reduced to ere I eir shapeless pnljf, rivers randownmy bo elit intomy boots and spurted out again thro the lace holes, j and, not to be outdone the or general misery, the needle ofmy co ll pass became erratic, jibbed a time or t nd droppeddown in its south end, and u ist- mately s' : refused to budge. I glanced atm watch; it had folowed the example and strnck-work. * I surmised it was sunset, fo the darkness was setting aroundme quic and it didn't require one to be a prophe co foretell an unpleasant night. Then a fo us arrived, and completed the entertainmen still I plodded on .in the gloom, and soo noticed a change in the forest growth. Th e trees became taller and thicker, the und growth patchy, andnow and again I fan ixing detected the odour of pine. Another •miartcr of an hour it was too dark to was jgj^jthan tjyo yards ahead, and soon af grei^K^**^ as the end wall of a tunne one was oiglidering whether to keep on or ca o farChe be Slight,when I ran against a stum as I found axe marks; I smelt it— a I was nearing the old conv gvoimdgarthe country of slavery, murder, suisidc^^id lingering death. A slight win prose." R,}^ ! was deluged afresh with w from til; ^swaying tree tops. A sighing gt. v-his [jerl ^teroaning chorus commenced. £anclev ple. liff J; SircaTd a sound like twomen saw ShrougaSllog. It was only two pines grin . gcther, but 1 felt nervous. Another mp—another-r-rscores of .; them, with and saplings'. growing thickly between ; then something like a ditch ; then plump into hard wall. It was. wet, and moss-covere and felt Jike sandstone. Imoved along ich and came to a kind of recess. It was q cess, shalow, hut dry, and I at. once determin he to remainahere until daylight. T was fai warm aftermy exertions 5n ! the scrub, felt drowsy, so disencumbering • myself my dish and tools I leantmy back ag the wall, and jmade the best I could enc Then a peculiar thing iappened. A ki a- of a misty glow lit up a clear space in somewhat uneasy lodging. ised forest, and in:-that- space I. saw shadow forms and pass to arid fro.. Forms of men Mrs ghostly, hairless, lantern-jawed men, dresse troon, breeches, stockings and heavy boots. So in grey, wearing grey skull-caps, short felt were digging in a pit; others carried fou handledwooden frames from the 1 pit t group farther off, then back to tibepit w a never diminishing, but never increasin speed. Their complexions were those of dead men, and their silence was awful. arid down, up anddown they tramped, irritating regularity, until I could have shouted to them; tlie monotony became ding overpowering., Presently two. left the pi tal and advanced toward;me. ' Ojie was alm a boy,' and misery was stamped upon fc features. The other was some years older, and had a hard, settled leer on his face be/« a couple of yards of me, sing vbegan removing what appeared to . heap of broken bricks. I heard their he breathing* and particularly noted the hun expression in the younger man's eyes. Once lie glanced round him fearfully, and said a horrible whisper, "MyGod—my God. where will this end ?" The oth. grinned ies. he answered in a rasping voice,•" In th insides of the sharks, hoy." lie had hard given the words utterance,when a ma wliem I had not before noticed, ran up struck him in the face with his fist, knock him staggering backwards. I saw the blo on his mouth as he recovered himself. T he suddenly stooped, pickcd up something his feet, and hurled it, with a savage cu at his adversary. Theweapon missed i mark, and fell fairlyon tomy dish w startlingbang—and like a lightning flash th whole 4:ene vanjphed. It was the cold grey of dawn. The r had ceased, and I heard the firstfaint twitterings of the little bush wrens above head. I was sitting in the crevice of a w and was stiff andnumbed -with the c The light waxed broader, and I perceive that hundreds of saplings grewup to feet, so thickly that I could see but ten pace6 through them.My eyes fellon t dish. There was something upon it restin in a dent on the tin. I put forthmy and lifted it. It was half a brick. I w staggered, and remembered the vision of night. I crawled out of the hole and loo round me. It was almost daylight, and beforeme rase an enormous pile of br 1 had slept in the shelter of a brick built by the convicts over sixty years a Above the crevice a spar had lodged, an fall,many years hack, had shifted a cor of the kiln roof and cracked a numbe bricks. A portion of one—perliaps loosened by the heavy rain—hail detach from the whole and dropped into dish, - the sound of its fall waking me. Simple accident, an almost daily occurren but an incident that has stamped itself mymemory for good.And I often thin that, perhaps the little drama of the h brick had actually been enacted, anil w reproduced that night merely formy ben by the ghosts of sixty years ago. C. H. HEAD, Tne energetic manager of the West Volunteer takes the whole burden on his shoulders and leaves very little for his directors to do. TTi« confidence in the mine is practically unbounded, and, after inspecting the mine, it can be said justly so for the most sceptical could not fail to be impressed with the evidence of its valne. They anticipate £5,000 worth of gold from their next clean up, and there seems little doubt but j that they will obtain it. 