.OCR COUNTRY SERVICE. [From Ode Cob respondents.] oastlema1ne, Thursday. oEN*satroKAb Experience.— beveral of the employes it the local railway station during tlie ihunderstorm yesterday, sought shelter in the good's shed. As stated in yesterday's issue, the shed was struck by lightning, and the roof considerably damaged. The employes, two of ,whom received such a shock, that they were prostrated for a time, describe the scene as ap palling, a huge ball of fire flashed through the building shivering several of the large beams, supporting the roof, to matchwood. The build ing was filled with sulphurous fumes. The ex perience of those in the shed was such, thai: they fervently hope that they will never again fitness a similar alarming scene, or be again ex posed to such danger. \ : ' f Suicide.—The much-decomposed remains of a Chinese have been found hanging by the neck suspended by a rope to the branch of a gum tree. It is thought that the remains are those of a Chinaman missing from Taradale, but the features are.so decomposed as to be totally un recognisable'/' The position ot the body was found in points to deliberate suicide. • Retrenchment.—At the monthly meeting of the Metcalfe Shire Council held yesterday, the salary of the shire secretary and .engineer, Mr. W. C. Reeves, was reduced from £300 to £250 iper annum, and that of Mr. Smith, the rate 'collector, from £150 to £120. I The Silted Creeks.—At the meeting of the jBorough Council held this evening, the danger ;arising from the silted creeks' was again dia 'cussed, the late Government having promised i£1,000 on condition that the council provide an 'additional £500. Cr. Yandell moved that the :'sum of £500 be placed on the estimates of the looming year, to enable the council to take up [the Government offer, and that onr Parlia mentary members be requested to urge on the [Government the necessity of prompt actioru iThe motion was unanimously carried, j Orchestral Concert. — The C&atlemaine; Orchestral Society held its second concert last evening in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute, The playing to- night was better than anything previously ' heard in .Castlemaine. .The first, jnumber, "Poet and Peasant," gave an indication |of the excellence of the programme to follow. Their second contribution " Haddon Hall," was |aplendidly rendered, and met with a great re ception. Their final number, " Italiani in Algieri," concluding a performance, of which their enthusiastic conductor, Mr. C. Hasler, might well feel proud. They also played an : accompaniment to a well manipulated cornet; solo by Mr. H. Richards, who is acknow ledged to be tho amateur cornet soloist par ex cellence of the colonies. Mr. M. Macoboy gave a taBteful rendition of Pinsuti's "JTis I," for which he was enthusiastically encored, but contented himself by merely bowing his acknowledgments. The samo vocalist met with a still warmer reception for his number in the second half of the programme, Arditi's " The Stirrup Cup." Miss E. Muret, of Melbourne, exhibited a sweet sympathetic voice in her two selections, Ganz's " Dear Bird of Winter" and Piccolomini's " Whisper and I Shall Hear," to which Miss B. Halford played a fine violin obligato. Miss Ethel Hasler, of Melbourne, and Miss Halford gave a well-executed per formance of a duct for harp and violin. Mr. W. Langlands and Miss Halford were much ap plauded for their violin solos. The gem of the evening was a trio—violin, cello and piano—by Miss Page and Messrs. Langlands and Ralph, " Prestissimo," by Beethoven, which was en thusiastically applauded. A double quartette from the Castlemaine Liedertafel gave variety to tho proceedings by singing Bindley Richard's "Let the Hills Resound," and Kucken's " Rest, Dearest, Rest." The whole proceedings reflected much credit on the conductor, Mr. C. T. Hasler, and the secretary, Mr. J. H. Nash. At the close of the concert the mem bers of the orchestra, the Liedertafel, the visitors and a number of friends were enter tained at Murphy's Castlemaine hotel by the committee. A couple of hours were pleasantly, spent,- the vocal and instrumental selections being of a very enjoyable character. ECHIJCA, Thursday. , Thf. ex-Member for Rodn-ey.—The friends of Mr! T. Murphy, an ex-member for Rodney, intend to show their appreciation of the manner in which he represented the electorate, by a complimentary banquet. Mr. Murphy has always been regarded as a level headed man of sound common sense, and his defeat is'not afcfcri-. buted to anj' lack of personal integrity on his part. Shipping.—The wharf is very busy this week, and several steamers laden with wool, are ex pected in during the next day or so. " The Weatiiek.—Yesterday 60 points of ram fell," and the downpour is" regarded, with much satisfaction by farmers, who were rather anxious for its approach. .Imvsess of a Clergyman.—'The Rev. B. Rodda, who came from Dayleeford to take the incumbency of the Church of England is on a few months' leave from duties, owing to a peculiar complaint, viz., partial paralysis of the tongue. He is progressing favorably, but the indisposition is of a very' tedious nature, and it will probably take him some time before, he is able to resume duties. Tak Borough Election".—To-day three'resi idents are mentioned as likely to oppose Mr. Boothman for the extraordinary vacancy, viz., ,Messrs. Reddick, Montgomery and Swanell. The latter is a very popular citizen, and it is doubtful if he can be prevailed upon to contest !theseat. , ELMORE, Tuesday. Railway Traffic.—Tha goods train which has been running at irregular intervals bet ween here and Bendigo has been made a permanency owing to the increase of traffic. It leaves Ben digo'at 12.30 and returns at 3.17 p.m. This' will be a boon to travellers, who can travel on a first-class ticket by any goods train. The Weather.—To-day has jbeen very sultry, and at about -i p.m. a heavy fall of :rain fell accompanied by thundor and lightning. The rain gauge at the Standard office at 5 p.m. registered 20 points. There is every appear ance of a further downpour at the timo of •writinc. ■ Thursday The Fox Test.—At the meeting of the Waranga Shire Council on Tuesday, bonuses were ordered to be paid for the- destruction of 32 foxc3, killed in the shire during- September. The council also voted £12 to the gun clubs in tho Western Riding in recognition of the valuable-work carried out during the season in the destruction of vermin. Climatic.—Thirty-three points of rain fell here last night. The fall will benefit the crops, and grass considerably. IXGLEWOOD, Thursday. Thf, Show.—The prize for the best lady rider was awarded to Miss Johns, Brenauah, and not as in error stated by me, to Mrs. Dowling. Rifle Club Social.—Two pleasant hours were spent at the Royal hotel last evening, the occasion being the presentation of trophies won by Messrs. E. C. Jewell and C. J. Phillips in the recent local rifle competitions. The contest was also open to members of the F Company of Rangers, to which both of the winners are attached. Mr. Jewell's shooting was exceed ingly meritorious ; his average for six matches, firing from scratch, was 92-S3, thus exceeding the limit, which was fixed at 92. After the presentations were made, and acknowledged by the receipients, the health of Captain Astley (who presided) was honored, and laudatory references were made to the interest he had taken for a long period in the advancemen of rifle shooting; other toasts were drank and acknowledged. Rifle Rangers.—Sergeant-major M'Manus, who for a considerable time has been drill in structor to this branch of the F company, took his farewell from the company yesterday. Dur ing hi3 association with the company here, he has very materially advanced the corps, and obtained the esteem aud good-will of all its members. He is succeeded here by Sergeant major gissons, who will make this his head quarters, and Sergeant-major M'Manus will still remain at' Echuca. KERAKG, TrrsPAY. Retrenchment Proposals.—During the re cent municipal contest various candidates un dertook, if returned, to secure certain changes regarded by them aa uocessary reforms, chiefly in the way of retrenchment, aud a definite move in this direction was made at to-day's meeting. The first resolution bearing on the subject was tabled by Cr. Dunstau, who moved that Mr. O'Connor, the . rato-eolloctor, be appointed clc-rk of works without any additional salary. Cr. M'Lennan seconded :the motion. The president (Cr. Cullen) characterised Cr. Dtm stan's proposal as one of the most empty and ridiculous motions that had over come under his notice. Mr. O'Connor, who was already rate collector, valuer, road inspector, thistle inspector and collector of agricultural statistics, had informed the council in a report submitted by him, that with his present multi farious duties, he had been unable to attend to everything to his own satisfaction, and yet Cr. Dunstan proposed to saddle him with the heavy responsibility of watching the progress of shire works. Where was the retrenchment in . ask ing a man in receipt of £200 a year to spend weeks in supervising the erection of a bridgo Crs. M'Donald, Westblade, and Horsfall op posed. the motion, which, however, on being put, was carried. Cr. Dunstan then moved that the engineer get out all the work3 he could in the next four mouths, with a view of -stopping .. all works after that, except - repairs or urgent works. The. motion was seconded by Cr. M'Lennan, and carried' after ' a'. !«lg ' discussion. Cr. Dunstan'gave notice of his intention to move at the next meeting—" That the resolution giving Mr. Rattray, the shire secretary, per cent, on the wire netting rate collected be rescinded,, and that in future he collcct the I rate in connection with his duties as secretary; that three months' notice be given to' Mr. Rattray that on aud after that date his salary will be reduocd from £200 to £175 per annum as shire secretary, until such time aa the £50 per year he is getting from the Waterworks Trust shall cease ; that, on account of all works being stopped for a time, three months' notice be given tile engineer (Mr. Kcmpson), that after that date his services will not be required as engineer to the Shire of Swan Hill ; that the salary of Mr. O'Donnell, conductor of the Koondrook tramway, be reduced from £5 to £2 §s per week ; that the salary of the engine driver (Mr. Cooper), be reduced to £3 per week." MARONG, Thursday. . Holt Trinity Church Anniversary.—Wed nesday evening was a most unfortunate oc casion for the members and friends of this church. : The rain descended in torrents, and ;the thunder and lightning were alarming. And in. consequence of this unfavorable ■ circum stance, the attendance was not so numerous as usual. The tea was laid in Palmer's store, and the ladies and gentlemen did all in their power t.o render everything as comfortable aa possible. Mr. A. G. Palmer, the lion, secretary, Mr. WTm. Landry, and other friends to tha cause merit mention. The singing of the choir was beyond all praise. An excellent tea was pro vided. The concert was held in • the State school, andthe music and pleasant voices of the choir were highly appreciated. The Rev. Mr. Scott addressed the audience in the follow ing term:—""VVhy do parsons want money? It is a practical'question, and'I think'I can give you a straight answer.. The clergy need money so' as to do their speci work effectually. Our work is to preach the gospel, to. revive _ dead spirit; to lead our flock to Christ, that by their contact with the living Christ they may receive the Holy Ghost. In doing this, we have to do that work which de mands a monetary assistance. It may probably seem like egotism to magnify our office, but the preacher must know the" nature and scope of his office, and he must endeavor to perform his. bounden. sacred duty." The Rev. gentleman enlarged upon this ministerial duty, and made a capital speech. Railway Regulations.—Mr. Jame3 Leslie, of the Marong Ironworks, .bitterly complains that he had sent a parcel from the Marong, >tationj and that it was'detained at Eaglehawk owing to the ridiculous enactments of the department. It appears that our local station mistress is not permitted to receive pre-pay ment, and, as Mr. Leslie justly observes, it might be a parcel of medicine, upon the receipt • or detention of which life itself might be in .voived. The hope is expressed that the new Minister of Railways may soon adopt a wiser policy. MILLOO, Wednesday. Cricket.—A cricket match was played here on Saturday, between the Tennyson and the local clubs, resulting in a win for Milloo by 7 runs. Scores Tennyson 132 Yeaman 16, G. Windridge 37, A. Rigby 44; Milloo, 139 Jas. Martin 47, Tonkin 32, Gladman 11. Much interest was taken in the game, and the close finish is causing some excitement regard ing the return match. ROCHESTER, Thursday. Pickpockets.—The light-fingered fraternit ; were well in evidence here yesterday, several cases of pocket-picking being reported on the . show grounds. At the bazaar last night one unfortunate young lady had her pocket relieved of the proceeds of a raffle which she was can vassing for, and a young man had the sum of 3s Gd abstracted from his coat pocket. As in both cases, the ■ unfortunates did not discover their losses till late at night, no clue whatever was obtainable. Bazaar.—The bazaar was crowded almost to suffocation last night, and good business done at the various stalls and side shows, about £S0 • being taken for the evening. The Gunbower Election.—Advantage was .taken of Mr. Jno. Cullen's presence in the town yesterday by a large number of his aupporters, who, with him as their gue3t, passed a very happy hour yesterday evening. Mr. Calvert, J.P., occupied the chair, and in proposing Mr. iCullen's health,. took occasion to compliment that sentleman upon the large number of votes he polled at the late election. It was a plucky iaction for any man to attempt to oust a Minis ter of the- Crown, and he had no doubt that on ! any future occasion should Mr. Cullen come ; forward he wouid receive the support he de : served. For one almost a stranger, the very • solid vote oast should show the esteem |in: which, he was held, and he ■ wished ;him success at the next attempt. Mr. 'Cullen, in replying, thanked those present jfor the hearty manner ,in .which they had re , ceived the toast. He considered it was his duty • I to attend the Rochester Show in order to per jsonally thank all those who had worked so energetically in his interests. The heavy vote: jrecorded for him gave him renewed courage, and at the next election they would find him once more in the. field. So far as he was con 'cerned, lie had had an uphill fight all through ■ having to contend against the.whole strength ;of the Patterson Government. It gave him' ,great satisfaction to see his vie\V3 so thoroughly .approved of, and he impressed upon all the ;necessity of seeing that all eligible persons ob tained electors' rights. In conclusion,lie begged 'to propose the health of the chairman and his 'committee. Messrs. Higgins, S. Graham, iStevenson, Ising, M'Swaine and R. Graham also spoke a few commendatory words upon Mr. Cullen's action in opposing Mr. J. H. M'Coll. Collision".—What might have proved a very serious accident occurred in Gillies-street shortly .after 5 p.m. yestordav, when a buggy and pair .driven by one of the judges of the show, collided .with the turnout of the Rev. E. Allday,. of Elmore. Owing to the promptitude of several bystanders, the only damage done was to the pole of the former conveyance. Rain.—Farmers generally are jubilant over, the heavy downpour yesterday afternoon, which will do much good to the crops round here. Show Beceipts.—The receipts at the show gates yesterday amounted to £73, being about £4 less than last year. Considering the reduc tion in the prize list and the fact of it being only held on one day, the committee (and par ticularly the secretary) must be congratulated . on the success of this year's show. SERPENTINE. Wednesday. Entertainment. — On Monday evening " Billy Walsh's Variety Company" give an entertainment in the shire hall to a good house. The company have secured the services of Messrs. J. Harley and Timothy, of Becdigo, the former being encored for his songs "Killarney," " The Old Wooden Rocker," etc. Georgo Bell, the female impersonator, was excellent, ;^nd in deed many thought he was a lady until he re moved his false hair. Billy Walsh in his Irish and negro songs evoked loud laughter. Frank Vinani, the fire-eater, gave a wonderful per formance by eating' burning balls. The per formers were heartily encored for every act, and «, farce " You will Find Out'' was loudly applauded. 