THE OLDEST DRESSMAKERS BILL IS THE WORLD. AN INTERESTING CHALDEAN TABLET. Egypt (writes Mr St Chad Boscawen in the Queen) has been called "the land of surprises.' Year after year the explorers in the Nile and true to light some new and startling examples of art, revealing to us the astonishing character of the early civilisation not the Egyptians Egypt was now a rival in the sister civilisation of ancient Chaldean. Although in art Chaldoa u far Denini the land of the Nile especially is the art of painting, the restoration of the early civilisation and the perfect picton) which we can form of the life and manners and customs of the people are almost as complete as to which we can restore of Egypt in the Pyramids. The startling mature of the discoveries ranging from the decipherment of the cuneiform animation has been the numerous details of popular life which are accessible to us The little clay tablets not out contain the records of kings and princes, but even of the nearest of the people, slaves and beggar in a great a literary fund as Chaldea every trains. tion no matter how small, was recorded a writing and grass we have many details of transactions which would otherwise have been is ever lost Among the documents that had Men discovered is a tablet which may be we called the oldest dressmakers lull in the world ""the' custom of the Babylonian kings to present to the temples sets of robes for the use of the priests and priestesses This was usually done every year, and you have many of these lists in the British MaMum the oldest hitherto known has Won that of a king stout Had no There are several or a later period, but the document, before us is far older than any yet found OxMWJft which is of limestone, was discovered in moralised the temple in the city of Namur in Southern Chaldea. 1 his temple was dedicated to the ghost gold and by a very large priesthood attached to it "are the style of the writing, which is passes as from the curious system of numerals ««PJH*v" tablet cannot be of later date than 2800 M It contains a list of 22 vestments wM were presented to the temple by the in s ho name of the king is uufortuMtoh; was given The end of the tablet reads -"In allmneiT two pure vestments, the bill [list] of he temple the priests this year " Many of the word, are unknown to us as they are, no doubt, many of the technical terms employed by the ss-Left period Some of the lines, however, are of WT? ;ntere,t-thoBe that can be satisfactorily doubts! Among the items are Twelve wh. a .T>>«Ä temple, eight robes of the house of his lady collars of warehouse of his lady, tenpence two wide robes " One item of especial mt ent occurs near the end, " Tour scented robes. "? reminds IIB of the passages in Psalm xlv, WITH the robe, redolent of myrrh Jaggs and cassia" It was, no doubt, To in Babylonia to perfume the<JT*"^ is to this day in Persia and India. near to take illustrative of Eastern his was ders" probably scarfs used for sending rows want This document handing, in »M««J value in showing the great dovolopnietl«"*£, taken place in the textile arts in Chaldea. migrant early period The decorations on the state's Gcdea live 2800), the embroidered Tas, show that the skill of the weaver and the «?*"*«£ far»dvaneod and it is a curious More today that nearly all the attempts »'^^Aï early Chaldee are in patterns which are derived BY textile designs. - At a recent meeting of the Academy Medicine, says the Elec'uewn U Un«^»^ hibited the lungs of a Pasha savant carbons, the Bald organ being transformed into w able blocks of carbon The deceased in, P G age of 6d. a vigorous stonemason HO f" transferred to a workshop eight metres 'english brood, where, with eight other men, heard eggs in polishing on stonomdlB carbons for Jay T purposes "The shop was so badlyyentiW»au» sometimes. the men could not ^A^fiïledttl through the charcoal and stone dust which a atmosphere Better ventilation and as' respirator would probably have ""the". MTT results pathological exhibit less interesting. ; J 