TEN HOURS I3ST THE ADELAIDE LOCK-TTP WITH TWO GHOSTS, ACCOMPANIED BY WICKED DREAMS: How I Got There and How I Got Out, [By a Correspondent.j CHAPTER IV. fConclvdedJ I was taken into court, and on passing" i Detective Kay he kindly gave me a pocket i handkerchief, as mine was confiscated. «Ifc j is very inconvenient to be without one in a | c°nrc of justice, especially when moisture is often seen about the eyes of persons with | nervous temperaments—produced, no doubt by the oratory and sympathetic language or clever lawyers depicting scenes of misery cruelty, and ingratitude, I was placed in'a little corner behind the prisoners-box, Mv lawyer (Mr. Anderson) cauie and introduced himself. He took a number of my state ments down in a note-book. I told him the naked truth, and we agreed that I should plead guilty. I now saw a most singular expression on this young lawyer's face, and i ^ le, of iutuifcions or some other latent force I read the following on his classical phiz: That he did not believe a single word I said j that I was a "half and-halter/5 an old supercllions " boozer" and would die as I lived—a little fuddled. His face now became pleasant and bright, like the sun emerging from a bank of dark clouds, and he thought as the '* man in warble" on North-terrace (Bobbie Burns) did a long time ago., that" to err is human " and he must do the best he could forme. The fee-money will not smell" boozey," as gold never oxidises. Well, I wiii not blame aim for harboring some of those opinions, as lawyers'experiences all point in the same direction to an amount of untruthfulness on the part of their clients, who generally have something they do not tell anyone. Phis is a bad course to adopt, as the lawyer is working in the dark and does not know it, and just as he thinks he has the ball opposite the goal and only needs a slight shove, his opponent swoops down upon hitn and knocks him out in one act, and the ease is lost by too much cunning. "Mon tague Williams" is very clear on this point (see his work " Leaves of a Life.") My lawyer then returned to his seat opposite the S.M. (Mr. Pater), who was assisted by a respectable bench. Commissioner Peterswald and other guardians of the peace were present, as there were some notorious characters to be dealt with that ™?\ A- few minor cases having been I ™ Iaan khe horrors was called on. When he was led into- court all eyes were ! upon him, and never was there such a drunken picture exhibited in a court of I justice before. My case was next called, j and the man who was reported dead answered to his name and appeared in the box to give his evidence. His head was bandaged in all directions with as much calico as would make a turban for an Afghan priest. At this part of the pro ceedings inv lawyer remarked to the bench that he did not intend to occupy the time i of the court with such a frivilous case. He was informed that there was a number of witnesses, including professionals, whose time was valuable, and it would be a pity , to detain them. The plaintiff was. also | present, and seemingly he was all ri^ht. "I 1 am informed," he further said, "that the hospital doctor, who is here, says it is only a slight abrasion. My client informs me," he said, ft that truth is the genuine article under all conditions, and pleads guilty under great provocation, which I will be able to prove to your worship and gentle , men of the bench in a very positive manner, not leaving a hinge or loop to hang a j doubt on, and my witness will be the plaintiff who now stands in that box" pointing to the man with his head | bandaged. The S.M. (blessings on his , memory) leaned forward and complimented I jny lawyer for the just and proper course [ he had taken, aud said if other cases were conducted on the same lines it would save a lot of unnecessary gabble and waste of time. The plaintiff was now sworn, and made a rambling, shuffling, ana unintelligible statement to the effect that he had been knocked down-by the prisoner with a walk ing-stick without provocation. In cross examination he broke down completely. , The S.M. got his. eagle eve on him and asked him a few questions." He made him hum iliatiugly disgorge the truth and acknowledge that he gave provocation. The next^ witness was the surgeon- from the hospital, Mr. . He was unassuming and natural, two rare qualities, and did° not j perplex the bench with hard words. He said the wound on the head of the plaintiff he dressed at the hospital on the previous f evening. It was a slight one and not [ dangerous. Mr. Fairpiay was called, but I he was very gentlemanly on this occasion, and the few words he said were in my favor. How altered his tone to that of the night previous. I confess I respect the man who alters his opinion when he finds out he is wrong; no matter what his position is, I could wear him in my bosom. The bench theu inquired of me it I knew any person who would give me a character. I now had lost my nervousness and was getting brave, as my case was looking brighter aud my enemies were confounded without praying for it, as is done in my church. I said, " Your worships, there are many uonorable persons I could refer you I to with pride, but there are none of them preset: fr. as they never resort to police courts. 1 he only person I see here whom I could ask for the esteemed favor is Inspector Sullivan, 1 who has known me for a number of years and if that gentleman will s-iv a tew words' to the bench of what he knows of me I will feel thankful to him." Inspector Sullivan now stood up and stretched himself with all the pomp of a Ca?sar and the determination of an A.jax. He told the court that he had known me for a number of years as a respect able man, andat times-he-knew that I had i>een annoyed by vulgar per:jo-.is making rude and uncalled-for remarks, and it would make most people irritable under the same conditions. My Lawyer was a placid, . unassuming young gentleman, and no person would take him for a colonial, but he is, a id a good spe^iuion at that. When he arose to aUre-ss the b^uc'a it was pleas ing- to se:» him. He stood erect in a <n-ace ful and dignified attitude that the an^t gods would have admired. There was no Ah! heni; no glass of water,- :jo right foot on the seat of his chair; neither was the scanted pocket handlrer^iief trick indulged in, which is so often spun in courts of justice. This wipe is floated about from one pocket to the other, than it is placed ia the left breast inside the rest, on the region of the heart, as doctors would say. Ttls then extracted aud applied to the organ of . niemoiy and gently drawn across the'observ mg powers aud intellectual faculties. It is then transferred in a crumyled form to the table to keep company with stale notes, which ar© obsolete and. scarcely ever usod Its owner now " bouts ship" and hoists his other " splogger" on the seat of the chair, giving him a sort of three-cornered attitude Mr. Anderson does not indulge in any of these " monkey tricks," but stands up to his work like a tradesman. He addressed the bench saying " Tour worships, you have heard I he evidence of the plaintiff and each of his witnesses has proved what x wished to establish in my ease, viz., pro vocation. Inspector Sullivan has given my client a first-class character, and there is no person in a better position to do it than: he. The doctor says it is only a slight bruise; and that there is scarcely any o£ the skin or hair disarranged. This case is very weak in the back, and in my opinion should never have come here at all. If my client had laid an information against the plaintiff for using provoking and insulting language in a public place, your worships would no doubt have punished him ; but my client did not wish to do so, and at his request I spared thefeelings of the plaintiff in this case by not putting unpleasant questions ; to him which might be the means of mar- i ring his future prospects. I ask your j worships if auy man would stand to be ! insulted and not resent it? I believe there j is not one of us who would not- have taken | the same course as my client under similar circumstances. I maintain that' the person who protects himself from insulting ruffians is a public benefactor and protects society all round. If there were not hbb of force to chastise rude and insulting pep sons (even though it is breaking the law) society would be at a very low ebb, indeed, and the old and weaker portion of the com munity would have to submit to the scoffs and jeers of vulgar ruffians who find pleasure in annoying respectable persons. I will not occupy the time of the bench any longer, and will again draw attention to the part in the evidence where great provocation was-proved, jand respectfully ask your worships to dismiss the case." Mr. Pater (the S.M.) .s^iid he quite agreed with the major .portion Of what Mr. Anderson had said, but had he "forgotten that his client has broken the law; broken the head of the plaintiff who now stands before us; and broken this stick which I now hold in my hand with one blow. On this ocular proof I must uphold the dignity of the law, and inflict a fine. The prisoner used this stick under great provocation, which was proved, to chastise the plaintiff, who is a rude person and devoid of all feel ing for other's misfortunes." Turning to me, he said, " Why did you not knock him down with your fist, as he deserved it? Then I would not have fined you, but have dismissed your ease with pleasure. But in this particular case the law directs my duty and I must inflict a minimum fine." He then gave the plaintiff a stiff lecture which he will remember. I thanked Mr. Pater for his sympathy, paid my fine, and left the court honorably. I have been breathing the air of freedom ever since, and I intend to continue doing so and would advise others to do likewise. 