SHEARING NOTES. Darling men 011 strike resolve ' To refund cost of rations to the Branch out of their earnings when the squatters give in.' How would it do to make the squatter pay the bill ? *? * At Coongoola tho boss offered Fred. Morton, the rouseabouts' cook, £5 per week and 4s per man to cook for the shearers. Morton refused, saying he came to cook for rouseabouts, not for blaoklegs. A correspondent writes from Narrabri on August 8. contradicting the statement in the Evening Neios that the camp there was broken ' up. There were over 90 men there who are stauuch and true. At Caiwarro 18 cooks were on the ground at roll call. ' Holy Ghost, chaps, here's a pick.' 'Roll up vou doughbangers,' shouted the boss blackleg,' Green. The cooks did roll up— their swags. But ' Argoe' sneaked back. He is the first' black ever I knew to turn 'mean white.' * * Cooks names to be remembered : — Alex, alias Hector M'Leod, at Currawynia ; Sam. Clark, ' Bocrara; an American black named Pognoski-, of Wangaratta, alias Argoe, at Caiwarro. One of these pitched about his wife and children; but did he not desert his family until the children were old enough to earn their own living ? A correspondent from Lansdale writes that tho manager of Orange Plains station told him that he was going to shear under the new agree ment — that is, if the men will only sign. He is going to have a lot of i-~cabs from Melbourne and Sydney to shear for 17s per 100, the shearers to find everything ; engine- driver and expert to be paid by the shearers. The pastoralists swear by their 'free' shearers while those poor, deluded wretches are helping to fight the Unionists. Then, when the Union men gain tho day, as they have done at several sheds where a start had been made with 'flyblows,' outgoes the blackleg on his can cerous ear. Tho squatter who wants all the wool doesn't keep him a day longer than is neces sary, you bet. Geo. Johnson, Agent A.W.U., Roto, Wil landra Creek, writing, on August 9, says: ' Five stations are going for the rew agreement, and two for tho '91, but if our men stick together we can beat them easily, as there are very few shearers mooning around here. I will be going around the sheds in my disi rict, and I will keep you posted as to how matters are going on. Big Willandra calls the roll on the 12th of this m.lti, am about 70 men there, and out of that number there are only about 10 shearers —so I am told by men that have just come from there. The two sheds that are going to shear '91 agreement areTrida and Merrowie.' * * By Wire. FROM ODE OWN CORRESPONDENT. Condoholin, August 9. A numerously-attended meeting of members of the Shearers' Union was held last night. It was unanimously carried that a camp be formed in Condobolin on lGth August, for the purpose of better resistiug the iniquitous '94 Pastoralists' agreement. [Received too late for last week's issue. — Ed. , W,] By Wiee. FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. Walgett, August 0. Nine ' White Wings ' arrived here yesterday en route for Llauillo, by Cobb aud Co.'s coach, escorted by police fully armed. They were driven by Roberts, manager of Cobb and Co., ?Narrabri. On arrival they were interviewed by Union men, who tried to persuade them to join the Union ; but some of them, being noted black legs, would not do so. A Union camp has been formed at The Springs, about eight miles from Llanillo. There are about 80 men there. [This arrived too late for last week's issue. — Ed., IF-] i- * By Wibe (FEOM ODE OWN' CORRESPONDENT.) Hay, August 9: Tupra, Tarwong, Peveusey, Wilhvah, Barham, Moorara, Lake Victoria, Wannamurra, Gool gumbie, and Coonang start under Conference or verbal agreement. Full rates are being paid at Ulonga — 20s — under Pastoralists' Union agree ment. At Cauoon, Coree, Yamona, Groongal, Mossgiel, Manfred, Mulmidlab, and Warwillah all hands refused to sign. At Tubbo a few signed for 17s, under P.U. agreement. The shearers are few and firm at Canoon, Toogimbie, and Coree. The water will have to subside before a start can be made. The weather appears to have taken up, and the next few days -wilt practically decide the question as far as this district is concerned. [Received too late for insertion last week. — Ed., IF] Dear Worker, — Much undeserved censure has been cast on me and the Union delegate re the almost unnoticed arrival here and at Llanillo Station of nine black legs for that place. There has not been any neglect on my part or on the part of the delegate. The latter was at Dungalear, where tho men were ou strike. I gave notice to every Union man I met, and urged thc-m to proceed at once to Llanillo. Several promised, but, with the usual apathy, neglected to do so. The disgraceful and humiliating charge of being in collusion with Chase (manager of Llanillo) has been hurled at me, and I respectfully request that you will give such statement my emphatic contradiction. In reference to the' telegram published in Truth of the probability of a disturbance here, and dis respectful treatment of pastoralists or their agents, put it down as a lie — its author we know as the paid liar of the class. Union men here are peaceable but determined. — Yours, &c;'., ? Chas. Baker, A.W.U. Agent. VWalgatt, August 11. - ?1 Our special thanks are due to New Zealand correspondents, who keep us posted up and are indefatigable in their efforts to check the mis- ' representations of the P.U. in Maoriland. About 100 New Zealand non-union shearers and laborers arrived on Tuesday night by the Wakatipu, and were surreptitiously landed like , contraband goods at Geddes and Co.'s wharf at North Shore. They will be drafted away out west under police surveillance, perhaps in irons. Judging by appearauces, one woidd imagine that they are the right -sort to stand leg-roping to a stump without a whimper. It is reported that another cargo is afloat, and, bar accidcnts, should arrive in the course of a few days. The opinion is freely expressed in the city that the Board of Health should exercise greater precautions, and refuse to allow the cargo past tho quarantine station until a satisfactoiy fumigation had been administered. By the way, isn't it about time the P.U. gracefully backed down in this strike? They iire losing all along the line, and stand aa healthy a show of bursting the Shearers' Union as they have of being struck by kindly feelings. It must be then- agitators who are to blame for this waste of the stolen wealth of New South Wales. * Hay Agent M'Donald writes ou August 12 : — ' 'So far we are more than holding our own, those against us being — Groongal (with 15), Wyvern (with 10), Tubbo (with 27), at 17s: Ulonga (with 32), Bringagee (full), P.U., at 20s ; Boonoke (half full), Eustou (4), and Woorooma, station agreements; Murgah (with G), Wanga nella (with 10), and Tarcoola (with 20), P.U., at 18s. On strike: — Murray Downs, Yanga, Woolnorah, Ken Ken, Calmio, Coree, xamma, Nowrauie, North Yanko, Yanko, Warwillah, Toogimbie, Canoon, Uardry, Alma, Culpotaro, Mulurulu, Manfred, Mossgiel, and Til Til. Those shearing Union are — Lake Victoria, Polia, Anabranch, Moorara, Gil Gil, Barham, Tuppal, Cobran, Pevonsey, Avumpo, Glen Dee, Gar denia Wunnamurra, Coonong, Goolgunella, Lupra, and Tarwong. The three latter are verbal. We have. formed a camp, with about 50 in so far; all going well. Likewise Jerilderie, Oxley, Booligal, and Mossgiel, but do not know just the number there are in each yet. Members are all firm and determined, and already a lot are making homewards rather than do others out of their rights. Swaggers predominate in most scab sheds, and I may say Mair, manager Groongal, Wyvern, and Bringageo, seems to get best attention. With all, his two machine sheds are less than half full. # * Circular letter by Secretary, Coonamble Branch A.W.U. : — Fellow Workers, — It is my intention to issue a circular every week, dealing with the true position of affairs in this Branch. Up till dale we have 20 sbeds going under our terms, including some of the largest in the branch. On the other hand, we have the fol lowing sheds on strike : — Calga, Nebea, Tunder brine, Merrigal, Dungalear, Llauillo, and Mt. Harris. Berrida and Warren Downs have started P.U. Camps have been formed at nearly all the sheds on strike, and the men are determined to stick to it till the sheep-owners come to their terms. There has never been a time in the history of the Union when a deter mined stand was so much needed as it is at the time. In other words, it is now or never. If the sheep-owners defeat us this time, they won't be satisfied till they bring down the price of shearing to 15s, perhaps lower. But if we stick to our guns the same as we are doiug, tlicy must give in shortly. It is promising to be a very dry season, which is greatly in our favor. Our only chance is to see it out to the bitter end. If we make the pace a bit warm for them they will be glad to meet us in conference after shearing, and settle the difficulty for a number of years. It is mv oninion this strike won't last two weeks, at most. The squatters are not able to get men to take oiu' places. If wo get beat it will be by our men, aud I don't think that will be the case. When the financial institutions or those who have the pulling of the wires think this struggle has gone far enough, orders will be given to commence to shear. Trusting that every man will be true to the cause, — Yours in unity, C. Poynton, Coonamble, Aug. 10, 1891. Bourke, August 13. Caiwarra, Buorara, aud Currawyouia have cut out, and some of the scabs are in Bourke. One of them culled at the union office to see the list of non-unionists which is posted up there. He started to tear the list down , and then something happened. That particular blackleg thought it. was an earthquake that struck him. He is busy recovering from the effects of the shock, when he proposes to issue a writ or something against the earthquake. Some of this push were booked for Waraweena, but they have been ordered to Kallara by thoir owner*. Anyhow, they will get their photos taken wherever they go. At time of writing there are I -5 sheds on strike, 28 are shearing Union. There are 1J scab sheds, with five or six more expected. Tiudary, Woil moringle, Paddington. and Kallara are still holding out. Wilgar.-iou is to shear Conference. The blacklegs from New Zealand per Wakitipu will probably be drafted out to Tindary, Nclyambo, Kenil worth, Yarrowin. Currawynia, or Glenariff. Atkinson is doing good work down Wilcanuia way, and Rae will be just in time to bear a hand. Polio and Moorara, below Wil cannia, are shearing Union, as also is Topalo, on the Barrier. Mount Woods representative (not M. Woods) seut in for 76 certificates directly they got a start, and at every shed starting all hands are paying up like clockwork. The Cawarro boss threatened to excommunicate the man who acted as laborers' representative there. He didn't like to see the laborers in a P.U. shed joining the union. We have some splendid group photos of blackleg teams, so the IForlcer may shortly appear as an illustrated. Mooculta started with two lonesome swagger?, but of course the boss says he has nearly a full board. Boorooma (80 shearers) started verbal agreement, union rules. Our correspondent from Wagga writes on Aug. 14 : — ' Since last report the following sheds have started under Conference Agreement in Wagga branch up to date : — Goolgumbla, Butherwah, Colombo Creek, Coonong, and Dun namurra. Kooba (loth), Gogildrie (loth), Mid geon (16th), ' Oakview (15th) are expected to go Conference. Buckingbong, who was to have called tho roll ou the loth, has postponed it until the 20th ; Ariah, to have called tho roll on the 16th. put back to the 23rd. North Yanko called tho roll on the 10th, but the men could not see the force of engaging under the new agree ment. and came out in a body. Since then the 'bo«' has been trying them with concessions, but they were firm and unanimous in their refusal to accept any agreement but the Con ference one. Tubbo has 32 on the board uuder the new agreement ; Bringagee, full board, same agreement ; Groongal, with a few, ditto. Coree, where Jack M'Donald visited at time of roll-call, and who evidently did good work, are all stand ing out there to a man. Jack joy, last year's rep. at Coree, is amongst them, so there is no danger. Brookong called the roll to-day. Only 50 meu were on the ground, five of whe/u went on to shear, but in all probability theynvill flee the error of their ways and join in wjth- tho rest who have gone on strike. - Billenbah'^ with that chW, Bob Jackson, there, was to have started onljthe 10th, but up to date no report as to hand. Biindure is billed to call the roll on thelStli. Nowrauie is standing out firm against-^^fieYr I . agreement. Yamma, who was out on strike tl against the new agreement and 17s per hundred, ? It came to some sort of compromise and started shearing. Further particulars are to come to p hand. We understand that Berry Jerry, is to t call the roll about the 25th, and the P.U. agree- c ment will be presented for a certainty. We- t would advise members who have no pens en- I gaged to stay back as long as possible until they t hear the result of the earlier sheds who are now c on strike.' * * Our indefatigable New Zealand correspondent writes : — 'Your readers will have learned long beforo this that Whiteley King is in New Zealand, endeavoring to obtain a crowd of black- \ leg shearers to go over by the Wakatipu. At X Wellington the Labor members of Parliament 1 are endeavoring to block his little game. From a Press Association telegram in to-day's papers I learn that the Wellington Trades and Labor i Council are considering the advisability of calling ] a public meeting to ventilate the grievances of - the Shearers' Uniou in Australia, and to warn men not to engage in this colony while the dis- 1 pute is pending. The New Zealand Workers 1 Union delegate, who is ' on tho job' at Dunedin, states that very few will leave there ; in fact, up to the time of writing only 16 names were re ceived out of 100 required. The delegate saw four of those who had their names down, and they informed him that they intended^ bolting after reaching the other side, and only signed to obtain a free passage over. The Workers' Union agent at Christchurch tells a similar tale. I may say that the P.U. are advertising very largely, thus creating the opinion that they feci their position to be very shaky, and would obtain men from New Zealand at any price. Fancy advertising in all the journals and grant ing free passages to Sydney. The P.U. expen diture will be pretty big this time, so much so that I don't think they will show the public their next balance-sheet, or the Australian squatter would begiu to calculate how many pounds of wool it takes to rim tho show. I may say that the organised portion of New Zealand Labor is doing splendid work this time in advis iug shearers not to accept engagement through the P.U.; and, in addition to that, public opinion here is entirely with the workers, who, we hope, will win. ' ' * ♦ ' Orgsliaw ' writes from ' Up on the creeks,' Aug. 1 : — ' The P.U. agitators have failed to make one scab shed in this district up to date. Milroy and Quantambone intend trying a P.U. start early this month, but I scarcely think it will come off. Milroy has no scabs yet, and no prospect of getting any. Quantambone is trying hard, but has failed so far, as 37 of the Whiteley King push for that shed made use of their Government free pass as far as Nyngan, where they left the train and became lost in the bush — at least to Mr. Baird. We reckon that our chances of winning are so rrood in amongst the creeks that an offer (by business people) _ to organize public meetings to condemn the in justice of the P.U. action in locking out men from legitimate work in a quiet orderly district such as this was gratefully declined. We feel certain that the lesson the squatters deserve for their dirty action will be taught them. If they all agreed to shear under '91 Conference agree ment to-morrow, they could not find enough men to fill half-a-dozen sheds, aud wool is fetching a decent price at present. Caiwarro started 20th June with J. Marman (of Goulburn), Salvationist Lewis (of Blayncy), Edwin Gray, John Kelly, Win. Needham, Billy Burgess (of Tumbarumba), Frank Kearney, Wm. Lyons, Jack Whealan (Goulburn man), Boswoll (the Brookong scab), Long Bill, Jim Gibbs, Charles Harris, -Jim Pratt, Jim Berwin, Dick (Brickey) Green, Bed M'Leod, and Ted Smith (a Goulburn man). These ace all the names I could get before we got the office to quit. Barrara started June 21 with Fred, or Jack Burnett (ho answers to both names), Donald Bradshaw, Dick Lee, Denny Noonan (of '91 fame), Jack Ryan, Mick Maguire, Dave Morrison (of Benmore wet sheep fame), Mick Quiltor, Paddy Leonard, Duncan M'Leod, Chas. M'Leod, Bill Cosgrove, Geo. Brown, Jack Quilter, and Wm. Randall (who 1 m th left Boatman, a Union shed, a fortnight before it cut out, Randall pretending he was suf fering from rheumatics). Jack Mathieson, Jack Roe, Frank M' Crystal, Jack Dunn, Jack Raven, Tom Harrisson, Jack Kenvin, Crowley, and a joker known as Liverpool. At Carraweenya, Frank North, Dan. Daley, Tom Ambrose, Bill Fletcher, Burns, Banner, and M'Inness. At Coougoola, Heirman Dave, Chas. Williams, Ted Clark, Wm. Ford, Walter Howling, Hector Hamilton, A. Goodram, Alf. Turner, George Jackson, Jack Bousworth, A. Barrington, J. Gibson, J. Jones, J. Lewis, G. Lewis, R. Andrews. J. Cain, and Camiody have been cutting since July the 8th. These arc all named up to date, but with luck aud^perseverance we'll name the remainder, so that they shall be known to all men. Weintiuga has started with a few scabs from South Australia. Tho chaps asked them to hang out, but they had signed, and the boss had police protection to see that they did not refuse work. This is the real expected trouble we hear the dailies raving about. The P.U. is afraid to trust the few scabs it does get, aud secures police aid by imposing on a servile Government with rumors purposely circulatcd to damage the characters of peaceful, well- behaved Unionises. / 