Oar London Letter. Queen Anne's Gate, London, January 18, 1894. MtDeabCuba, — Thank goodness the festive season is over. All, the presents — -both sending and receiving — have been gone through, all the papers and packages cleared away, and all tbe little pieces ot string both silken and otherwise, picked up and rolled up for future .occasions, rolling up the odd pieces of string in a nice little easily-untiable knot is one of my weakennesses. I am the most untidy person, in a. general way : but for producing the neatest little pieces of string, suitable for any emergency, on the shortest possible notice, I say — and I say it proudly — I have no rival. Can you explain. A mental and physical crookedness of vision and disregard of consequences that prompts me to -wait across my best dress which is lying prone upon the floor, to rescue from the approaching dustpan of the housemaid, a piece of twine which has tied up the tiniest parcel in the world. If you can, send the explanation right along-, at once. I am waiting. Society is nothing, you know, without a fad, and the latest is a terrible suspicion, founded ' on visible fact that society is getting ' fat.' It's a horrid word, but, like many other horrid things, it is true. And now, when we shake hands, no body says 'How do you do?' but 'What are you taking for itP' And there is no occasion to further specify what 'it' is. Everybody knows exactly what you mean. Dread ful, isn't it ? And what a frightful subject for the contemplation of the corsetieres, who have a huge stack of corsets on hand not exceeding 18in in the waist. Fancy their position, watching with despair, not their custom, but their customers ex panding out of all ratio with the size of the stays. Well, it all cemes of the way we live. We say we will 'go into the country and take a rest,' and ' a recuperation,' and ' clear our com plexions,' and this is the way we do it., The routine of a smart woman, staying with a smart set, at a smart house in the shires, is something like this : The women rise late, and are driven to a racecourse, or to luncheon with the shooters. Beturning to the house, they do a little needle work, or write letters (or play a game of rubicon bezique) until tea time, after which they will read or talk (or play bezique) until dinner — which is, of course, the chief item of the day. Then there is the champagne, the temptations thrown in their way by au excellent chef, and the fatal etceteras of sweets, fruits, and liqueurs. After dinner, the lounging, about in the drawihg-roomj the time filled ' in with a little flirting. Then, it is quite possible, a little game of poker, with a 2s 6d 'ante,' and ' a sovereign to play.' All this makes one's face hot, and also induces thirst. Play' keeps one up rather late, and this necessitates a little supper. Well, you can't live like this, and keep fragile looking. But I have an excellent prescription for ' a course,' and here it is. This is one day's menu: The early cup of tea, with saccharin in stead of sugar, and a squeeze of lemon. Break fast — fried sole. Luncheon — roast pheasant. An hour later a glass of claret. At tea time, only tea with, saccharin and lemon. Dinnei? — boiled turbot, grilled chicken, or boiled rabbit. This is literally all that is allowed, excepting salt. Try it for a week, the effect is marvellous. It is, to say the least of it, not a very nice feeling — but everybody is quite prepared to be blown up in some way or other, at any uncertain time and place. The only thing we can do is to endeavor to emulate the examble of the President of the French Chamber, and to behave our selves with courage in whatever explosive spectacle we may be called upon to participate. The latest anarchist sensation is the con demnation of Vaillant to death. The Jury de la Seine has for once had the courage of its opinion; and it is to be hoped that the mem bers thereof will not have cause later on to rue the sentence passed on Wednesday last. From the evidence it seems he has been a bad, bad young man from his youth upwards. Yesterday all Paris was ringing with the news that La Duchesse d'TJzes, whose son, the Due d'Uzes, was married on Wednesday last to Mdlle. de Luznes, had taken Vaillanf s little 10-year-old daughter, Sidonie, under her protection, esteeming that the little one abandoned by Tier mother and family should not be made to suffer for the crime of her father. The Duchesse wished to associate this generous act with the memory of the death of her eldest and well-beloved sou Jacques, who died six months ago in East Africa. We went to two private views on Saturday. That at Dowdeswell's Gallery was the best attended j but Mr. Harry Quiltsr's, at the Dud ley, was by far the more remarkable. The walls were (apart from the pictures) charmingly decorated and draped. The room had been furnished like a drawing-room; handsomely bound books and elegant lamps were placed about, and the whole thing resembled a prisrate party, particularly as Mr. and Mrs. Qtdlter received the guests personally, and tea and cocoa were handed round by their servants. But there waB rather too much domestic bliss in evidence. It makes you look so stupid when a comparative stranger hands you a catalogue of his works with this dedication on a most obtrusive red cover: ' To my wife this first exhibition is most affec tionately and gratefully inscribed.' Ton don't know the wife, never met her before, but there she stands, smiling and prepared to receive con gratulations; and really one don't know the exact and correct thing to say. There were any amount of people present, but the weather was beastly. I send you a suggestion for your next afternoon tea. It comes all the way from Wales: ' Llandrinbod National School. A tea party will be held on Saturday, January 6, in the new class room at the school at 3 o'clock. Each person to bring a cup and saucer and something to eat. Discussion after tea whether there shall be any religious instruction in schools.' H.R.H. is having a great time in the covers. Last week he was at Belvoir, where the Duke and .Duchess of Rutland invited a large party to meet hi«; Soval Highness. The sport was good, and the weather so mild that the ladies went out and lunched with the sportsmen. But the bags made were not so large as those at Penn Wood, Bucks, where my Lord and Lady Howe's shooting party included the Prince of Wales, Prince and Princess Edward of Saxe Weimar, Lord Lathom, Lord and Lady Cadogan, Lord Chesterfield, Lord Curzon and Lady Georgiana Curzon, Lady Norreys, Captain Wynne Finch, Baron Hirsch, and Sir Horace Farquahar. The chosse was most successful, an immense number of pheasants having been shot on Wed-, nesday and Thursday. Somebody said 1000. The heavy snow which fell on Thursday night stopped Friday's shoot, so the Prince drove over to Wy combe Abbey and lunched with Lord Carrington. The Queen is in good 'health, the only thing that troubles her is a little toothache. She sets an example to her subjects — she does not get influenza. The first funeral service ever held at Osborne took place last week. One of the Queen's housemaids died. The service was held in the private chapel, Her Majesty was present, and placed a wreath of flowers on the coffin. The Princess of Wales is better. There was a great scare hist week. The doctors were sent for hurriedly, and people whispered ' diphtheria ;' but it has passed. Sunday was the second anniversary of the death of the Duke of Clarence. There is no doubt, the Princess ?? mopes.' Princess Maud has been rather ilL They are going to Brighton in .a few days, on a visit to the Duchess of Fife, then to Osborne, then for a cruise in the Mediterranean. HJB..H. and her daughters will not return to England before Whitsuntide. The Bicester Ball was a great fact, and on Wednesday, January 10 (that was the next night) Lord and Lady Jersey gave a ball at Middleton Park, and I am sure you will like to hear some thing about it. won't you ? It was all lovely. Dancing began soon after 10 and was kept up till an early hour next morning. Among tlfose -pre- sent were the Duke of Marlbordugh and the Marchioness of Blandford, Lord and- Lady Valentia, Lord fend Lady Lawrence, Lady Carew, Mr. and Lady Isabel Larnach, the Hon. Mrs. Fitzgerald, the Hon. Mrs. Campbell and Miss Campbell, .Mrs. Home, Mr. and Lady Catherine Morgan, Hon. Mrs. Douglas-Pennant and Miss Douglas-Pennant, Miss Brassey, Mrs. Myers and the Misses Myers, Mr, and Mrs. Thomas, Mrs. Gos ling, Mrs. and Miss Green, Mr., Mrs. and Miss Withington, Sir A. and Lady Peyton, Mrs. Mason, Miss Peyton, Mr. C. Stsat ton, Mr.; P. Colville, and so many others. There were lota of pretty dresses, and any num ber of pink ones. Lady Lilian Spencer- Churchill wore mauve, -with Neapolitan violets in sprays on the Bkirt and bodice. Lady Mabel Larnach, white and blue. Miss Braseey's was a yellow satin dress, skirt edged with gold embroidery; bodice with revers of red velvet, and draped with lace. The Hon. Mrs. FitzGerald. wore a red satin dress, relieved with blacky diamond tiara, and necklace. Lady Margaret Villiers's was a white silk dress compjtetiely ...veiled with embroidered net, white' satin;' b$Bdi'rround waist. /Honi-r-Mi&v;' Free man Thomas* wore a dress ^-of the palest green velvet, body trimmed -with gold embroidery and fur, and draped white lace ; diamond tiara and necklace. The Marchioness of Blandford was wearing a pale .greyish white Batin dress with yellow ruche on skirt, bodice trimmed with pearl embroidery, and diamond stars in hair. Lady Carew wore a rich satin dress trimmed with frills of chiffon with a satin edge ; diamond and enamelled necklace, and diamond, tiara.''. Miss Alice Fullerton's was a pink dress skirt trimmed with fur, bodice arranged with lace and fur. The Countess of Jersey wore a white satin dress skirt draped with embroidered tulle and white satin ribbons, -with many diamond ornaments on bodice. .. Lord Crewe is dead. Everybody knew he was a- .mild. lunatic.; but he had -J635,OOO a- yeiar and plenty of people to mind him,'so he degenerated into 'so eccentric, poor dear.' When quite young his nervous system received a terrible shock by his tutor committing: suicide in his pre sence, from which he never entirely recovered. He always wore his clothes of the cut, and color, that was fashionable in his youth, and went every where with three orchids carelessly arranged in the same number of buttonholes. One of his peculiarities was to talk to himself aloud about the people he was with, and this was sometimes very embarrassing. On one occasion the late Mr. Spencer Lyttelton ridiculed this failing while at table, whereupon Lord Crewe (who never per mitted anybody to take a' liberty with him) quietly ordered a fly for his guest, and finally re quested hi™ to leave the house. . One of bis pet aversions was the arrival. of any relatives or visi tors by the express trains which reach Crewe in the middle of the night. The only exception he was ever known to make was in favor of his favorite nephew, Lord Houghton, for whom he always entertained the warmest affection. It is supposed he has made Lord Houghton his heir. If so, this will convert the Viceroy of Ireland from a comparatively poor man into a rich one. Lord Crewe was insatiable in his desire to attend public meetings of all kinds. But he never spoke, and generally arrived on the evening after or before that for which he had been invited. When Crewe Hall was burnt down some years since he exhibited a coclness of quite the bluest blooded Mud. He sent for a form and telegraphed the following message to Mt. Street, E.A.: 'Dear 'Street, — Crewe is burning. Come and build it up again.' - . Here is .a.- good story of the Bishop of Peter borough. Happening to pay a visit to a cele brated country house the Bishop was offered the use of the haunted room. Not being afraid of ghosts he accepted this without demur. Upon the following morning, at breakfast, it was noticed that the Bishop looked solemn, and he was there fore naturally asked if a ghost had appeared to him. 'Yes,' said the Bishop. 'What did he say to you?' was the next question. 'Oh, I spoke to it first.' ' Really ! What did you say ?' ' I asked it to subscribe to my new Cathedral.' 'And what, did the ghost say ?' 'Nothing1 — it disappeared at once.' At Aldershot there is a ripple of subdued laughter — not to say a giggle — all along the line. His Royal Highness the Duke of Connaught has issued an order as to how the men should arrange their bootlaces ! He does not approve them being crossed. There is no doubt the German Emperor is Jacfc of -all-trades — of course no one would presume to suggest that 'he is master of none. His last achievement is the 'invention' of a dance, the ' Gavotte des Lanciers,' which is eventually to replace the traditional court-quadrille. It was first rehearsed a few days ago by the corps de ballet of the Royal Opera, in the presence of the Emperor and Count Hochberg. They do say it may possibly reach London before the end of the season. -? ????_ '?? --'- ? v. What a. nice thing it is to be an autocrat. They certainly manage these things better in Germany. Read this; 'The Schiller Prifce having been awarded by a jury to one Herr Fulda for his drama ' The Talisman,' the Eniperor overruled their decision in favor .of Herr Wich.a.ert, the author of ' By My Right,', on the -ground that Herr Fulda was only 32, the age at which Schiller himself wrote ' Don Carlos.' He also annulled a decision conferring the Verdun Prize on Profes sor Virchow. The Emperor's critics point out that these hitherto much-prized rewards must henceforth be regarded only as court favors. If these critics don't look out they, will find them selves in the deepest dungeon beneath the castle moat, &c.;, in the twinkling of a bedpost, as they say.': ?Thoug'h, ?why abedpost ? . : ' The Old Jew ' at the Garrick is making a sensation, and Mr. Gitandy is reaping his reward — he is being royally abused all- round. In the play there is a scene, 'The Moonlight Club.' In the club are a number of pressmen. Enter millionaire, who incontinently buys them all up without difficulty. ThisjmpLied charge of venality has roused the wrath of all the news paper men. Fancy, even Edward Yates and Henry Labouchere bury their ancient differences, and unite in denouncing the bad taste of. the thing. Mr. Yates writes a long letter from Cannes, and castigates both author and manager. He finishes .up with ' So much for. Mr.' Grundy, who is at best not a very important personage ; but that in his coarse and silly onslaught on journalism and journalists he should have found an accomplice in Mr. Hare is indeed very much to be wondered at. For of all actors now on the London stage, Mr. Hare is undoubtedly the one who owes the greatest obligation to the Press. The phraseology of laudation has been exhausted in regard to nim ; his usually admirable impersonations have been clamorously welcomed, and on the very few oc casions when an adverse verdict might have been recorded, the venial errers have been slurred over and condoned, and a universal disposition to make the beet of what really could be praised has been, exhibited. On the occasion of his recent illness the newspapers evoked the public interest for a public favorite, and were, 'unanimous in their, expression of sympathy and goodwill. How have they been repaid 5* There is no actor who has lived on terms of closer intimacy with many of the writers of the newspaper press than Mr. Hare, and there .are f ei? who are more capable of appreciating at their full value the malignant and ridiculous caricature of his friends which he, in producing Mr. G randy** play, has given to the public. -E.Y. Cannes, January 11th, -1894/'- Mr. Grundy is Mr.v Clement Scott's -xaost ancient and unmitigated enemy. The Covent Garden Noah's Ark, with its birds, -beasts, and fishes, will disappear next week; and the premiere fancy dress ball is to take place on the 31st. - Sir 'Arris will convert the theatre into a miniature Vauxhall, with 30,000 additional lamps, &c; It may not be generally known that the late impressario, Mr. Frederick Gye, who for so many years controlled the fortunes of Covent Garden, was at one time engaged at the Vauxhall Gardens, and that his principal duty was the . lighting of that delight of our grandfathers the 10,000 additional &c.; I was so surprised, to hear it. Such an aristocratic- lookiiig old gentle man. Anyone would have taken him for a royal duke at the very least. But lighting the lamps in that suburban paradise — dreadful. This is to be a year of celebrations. February 2 is the tercentenary of the death of the great Italian maestro, Palestrina, and per formances of his works, notably the celebrated 'Missa Papse Marcelli,' will' be given in various Italian: cities and in Vienna; March 28 is the -50th anniversary of the Lendon- debut of Dr. -Joachim ; some time during the summer- will be'. :the 'jubilee, also of-.? Signor PiajtPs ' first ' appearance in London; November a, Germany, will celebrate the 400th anniversary of the birth : of Fans Sachs, the famous meistersinger. Signor Sarasate, is this -week giving concerts at Biarritz and Bordeaux. Next Monday Brahm's new ' Clavierstucke ' will be produced at the ' Pops.' Last Saturday they gave us Grag'e ' Ballade,' and Brahm's pianoforte quintet in F minor. Last Monday we had M. Saint-Saans's pianoforte quartet in B flat, first time since 1879. Mr. Caesar Thompson, the . Belgian violinist, . -made Mb .appearance -at' the London symphony concert on Thursday. He had been previously heard -t-tbA*£rjs£' *ftlace in«-188i7, when he ?if' ? . --T.I- ! . .. played Beethoven's 'Violin Concerto.' He is considered to have immense executive ability, but not much breadth of style. (Speaking of her reception .by. the Queen at Osborne, Mdle. Nordica says: 'When she began to talk to me I was so overcome that I forgot myself. She asked me how old I was, and I actually told the truth.' Dear me, I begin to feel quite breathless. . Christmas Comes but Once a Year. — Bailway station. Old gentleman (genially) to lady sur rcunded by a bevy of -youngster!: ?''And are all these fine children yours ?' Maiden lady : ' Cer tainly not. How dare you, sir ? Do you take me for an incubator P' Good-bye. Take -sare of yourself. Be good, and don't forget your cousin, ? KATE. 