SATURDA Y, 150t 'ECErBIER. TiE extra reductions whichithe Patter son Government imposed on the public servants for two months is , to be re funded, and quite riglit too.: It would have been inconsistent for the present Government to have resumed pay ment'upon the former scale, and keep back a portion,: the stoppage of which was never sanictioned by. Parliament. A great deal has been made of the present House being opposed to this extra reduction. The fact is that the: last Parliament was just -as strongly. opposed to it as this one is,and the late .Governmient could never have carried their proposals for the percentage re duction on the lowerlsalaries. so there ewas no need for the alarmn that was raised over the matter at the last election. Of course it was too good a thing to miss making political capital out of. By the way, however, :a hint has been dropped by the Premier that the decisions arrived at bythe divisions on Tuesday night' need: not. prevent members from singling out the higher salaries when they come under review, and this taken in conjunction with the iaction. already- takenr in, this House, indicates that some , of those salaries will be attacked: ` Mrl Trenwith, `the. leader. of the Labor Party said; on one occasion, that no salary :in the ptiblic service should, exceed £500 a year.' Of course the answer' to 'that :is -that if it were the maximum pay then there would be no oilicer in theservice worth more than .£500 per : annum. And then iwhat' wbould: such': incompetence cost the state? I't is the interest of those who get the lowest rates of pay in the service to keep up. tline salaries of the higher paid to a fair reward.: for the skill and acumen needed, for there is no doubt that if the tall poppies are cut down, the lower ones will be sub ject--to-a-;proportionate- diministion. And it is decidedly in the interest of the public to pay properly for the ser vice rendered to it. Mr Shiels' figure of speech, that every 8S- people in Vic toria carry a public servant on their backs is not appropriate, because there is no doubt that on the whole the public servant class as thoroughly earn their living as any other class of the community. -' Another. debate in the Assembly on taxation, and the Council have not yet had an opportunity- of- expressing their .opinion; and only four more days to sit before Christmas. We knew that it was impossible to get through t before the festive season. Members are to sit during the Christmas week. Take care,Mr Turner, take care ! You should know the risk of sitting in the dog days. Why not hurry up and ] have that row with the Council and then you can "recess" so as to come at them again ? But the A1ge says that l, the Council are going to swallow the land tax whole. Are they though ?.We shall see. Now.a-days,it is the fashion to quote e New Zealand for everything political. It used to be a crime to seek support f for any idea in Victoria by saying that ii it had been adopted in another colony. o Whoever quoted another colony was plaiuly tbld that we needed no example, but now because Now Zealand has p taken to experimenting there are those 3 ever -ready to " kiss the lips of P shange" who now cry "look at New 1 Zeaand.". How is it, however, that D these folk- do not also propose to iui- [ tate New Zealand's moderate protec tive tarif. It- would make all the differesice'in our attitude towards the proposalsj: for direct taxation if we could getthe relief that our neighbours have through the Customs. But Mr Turncr .is to get the New. Zealand . commissioner of taxes to organise our i taxation department for us; meanwhile n Mr Reeves is busy educating the. d Trades'. Hall people on :the value of p New Zealand models.:. We shall -seeo ! we shall see. New Zealand is not yet I out of the wood. It takes a little time to feel the full force of political changes n and there is yet a day of reckoning for New Zealand.. s STue'Ti?/er' regular paragraph cockerlately assumed a new role, and dropped fishes to take up cows. He published a. sensational charge against the youths :of Williamstown, f who were pronounced guilty of terrible ex cesses. principal of which was cutting off the tail of a cow. Tlihe Chief Commissioner of Police had the charge brought under his t notice, and detailed Senior-constable Norgate c to bowl the 'Tiser out, as usual. The officer did his' duty, and has reported ` that the " outrage" was occasioned by the cow tread- 1 ing on its own lengthy appendage and tearing ] a few hairs out. We would seriously' re commend our contemporary to mend its ways, or the Chief Commissioner of Police might instruct his subordiniate to expose its 1 circulation fabrication and then, more's the pity, it would " see itself as others see it." THE large steamship Bothwell Castle, last 1 Friday iorning,'was the first vessel to.pass over the Cape Verde wreck since diver Beckett has cut it down. It was certainly a risky piece of navigation to pass between four,wreck danger buoys, wvithout first cooi s i ltin g t h e di?n e r . . . ':-. : -. :' : upon the crfoination that-thcMinistry, and House lihd'dccided to" give theim, back' tie: £73,000 deducted from their salaries by Sir J. I. Patterson. The short term of comppl sory thrift has left the majority of employees in a sounder financial position than they would otherwise have occupied. STli committee of the local- hospital hIeld an interesting meeting on Tuesday, which will be found fully, reported in another column' As the outcome of the much vexed question of the secretary's commission, a motion was' carried calling upon the sub committee which dealt with the. matter to r appear before the next meeting to throw light upon their verbal report. IT is time that the railway department told off an officer to care for Williamstown residents who are given to indulging in a sleep as the last train leaves the city. On s Monday, at midnight, another resident of WiUiamstown, while indulging in a snooze, had- his purse relieved of te o sovereigns. He knew all about it when he arrived- at home. Tei fire brigade were called out twice this week to put out grass fires. ,The first occurred in the rifle ranges, but did not do ariy,damage: The econd was at the corner of Parker and Electra streets, caused by school children using matches. The police might take a few of the juveniles into the headmaster, otherwise property is bound to suffer front the practice. A sarLon, named John Solund, created a disturbance in Little Nelson street, shortly after miidnight on Tuesday. He went to a house and demanded- admittance, and on being told to clear off he produced a bottle a of beer and offered to either share it with Constable Morrison who appeared on the scene, or break it over that officer's 'head. Before Messrs Blackett and Hick, J's.P., on T Wednesday, he was let offwith a fine of 10s. Tne success with which Mr George Beckett has cut away the :old Cape. Verde wreck with explosives, under engatgement to ml Messrs Parry and Co., has resulted in his rl appointment as submarine expert by Renish's Dynamite Company, of Hamburg, for the Australian colonies. The firm's dynamite has benri solely used in operations at the U Verde, and Mr Beckett found it invaluable. So.tMe forty seamen congregated last Satur day night, and indulged in a series of free fights. Senior-Constable Dyer, Constables Anderson and Morrison had to deal with the crowd, and performed their duty most cffectually. byfilling up the watclihonse.cells. them down with fists: The officersconeerued must be complimented upon keeping. their tempers under control, for if "the. same. dis turbances had occurred in Melbourne half the rowdy sailors would have been taken to C thie hospital with broken heads from the use 5- of the police batons. dA cou?rT-3mAlrTI., was held at theOrderly it rooms, Ballarat, on Saturday, to investigate r- the alleged misconduct of Private S. Glasson. The court was coistituted by Major Rey h noldsi(president) and Captains Somerset and Irving. Glasson was charged with drunken h. ness, insubordination, and striking his e superior officer. Sergearit Burrows; at Wil liamsntown on the 24th tilt. Evidence wiis s given by Majors Powell and Garbutt, Lieu. © tenant Hart sand Sergeant Burrows. The y. verrdict was not allowed to transpire. A san case of drowning occurredat Charles d street. Footscray. on Wednesday afternoon, tihe victim being George Simpson, 15 months old, infant son of William Simpson, a pillar clearer at the General Pest- office. The s little boy was staniding alonaside his mother. it who was washing clothes` in the yard, and she left him alone for a moment or two while she went into the kitchen. During her Sabsence another child entered the yard and t found that the infant had fallen head fore t most into the tub of warm soapsuds. The mother ran to the spot and pulled the child out., and pending the arrival of Mr Merrilees, M.B.; took the restorative measures within rher knowledge.: Her efforts were, hiowever. rinavailing, and the doctor on his arrival could do no more than pronounce thattthe child was dead: r Loe. yacirtsme?n are anxiously looking forward to the appointment of Lord Brmasey Sas Governor of Victoria. If His Lordship is selected, there will be such an aquatic wel come ass Hobsdon's Bay has never yet con Stained;:. . THier ?ables of Thursday intimate that the Rothschilds: have - consented to float the Russian loanu of -£15fli,500,000 on the express aissurance givern by the Cuir Nicholas that Sthe persecution of tihe Jews in Russia shall cease. The Sovereign of flesh bowetlh to tie sovereigu in metal. -.. T Tii0m us . re.. vh-a. ha- Wiker,: contracted a greiat thirst obn Vcdnesday . night, inud exercised his vocal talent until half-pist two next morning swhen Constable Martii cami across him in Meclbourne Road. The officer advised Tom to gokihme, but he caught hold of a lamp-post and swore he would not budge an inch.till it consented to gowith him. After spending theiest"ofthe nihrhtin'the 1 lockup. Tom told MrAitken J.P. that he i was alright again, so was let off with a caution. TrE Railways MIilitary Band visited the Back Beach on Wednesday evening, and discoursed a splendid programme of instr- I mental music. The night was just suited to au out-of-doors ramble, and thousands promenaded the samd and Esplanade from eight till eleven o'clock. As the result of patient inquiry, an old resident of W'iliamstown informs us that lihe has discovered a lamentable lack of know ledge amongst the general public upon tihe question of laud taxation as now before the Horse. He asks why it is that no public meetings have been held in Williamstown, and why those most concernedl should be so I apathetic " We agree that meetings should he called at once, and that the iremiber for thie district might imake thie occasion one for s a visit froml Ministerial lights whose pronise of an early inspection of thie dock, work shops ete, is already on record. u Re-. S. HEpaR sEmGLrSONr gave aC dramatic recital in the Mechanics' Institute on Thursday evening in aid of thie North P'resbyterian Church- funds, when thie chair was taken by GCr McRiobert. Thie attend- fi ance of the public was splendid. The tI lecturer's subject was ietitled Marley's Ghost, from Dickens' Christmas Carols, and came in most appropriately as a reminder of christian duty during the festive season. a At its conclusion, a vote of thanks was moved by Mr Scott, seconded by Mr Russell, and ca enthlusiastically carried. So many complaints have been made about 0 poultry being allowed to run on the asphalt footpaths, that His Worship the Mayor has st instructed Inspector Barnes to prosecute w owners. The. warninig righit be takeni, as a the bye-lasl prurie Iheavy iucu to mircet iuch cases. ROblRT L. DoIc., Grocer ete, of Nelson is Place and Osborne Street, hlas the finest ti SCr.own lildura raisins for Xmas at 4d w per lb,see our w?vindows. Orr Hams at Sd and 10d per lPuound are.the finest flavored in the colony, as used by the Earl of Hopetoun, at Doig's Neklon Pl?ce rid- Osborne Street. ? lAvr.l] 