N3JOW FlRST PUBLIHIIED. tb THE MAN WITH THE STRAYW tt HAT. A TRUE STORY. of BY EDMUND DOWNEY. Author of "A House of Tears." "Auchor Watch Yarns," &o.; (CorvmlO?l.) " lamma, dear, why do you let that horrid. Snoon come into our room at night I" Z "What man, darling 1" I asked,scarcely heed intg bsy child's question, n SThe mlt with the straw hat, who stands !before your dressing-table and does something to his neck." I 1 put down tho book I was reading in my bedroom and went over to my child's cot. Ii "Do to sleep, Teddio, dear," I nmurmured, b :catching his outstretched hand and chanlg it. P \- You have been dreaming, lilmy pet." S011, o, l atnlllo, deoor," allid th boy, rising 'up to sittiLng posturl i his rot, " 1 am no1 it 'dreaming. I have not been to slo1p yet0. Ihave 1bo en trying to keep Ily eyes oil you, uIlt 1 could It Siolt help lookilg at theU Imu. lie friighlo Ino I " so mUIlCh, matmma, dear." 81 tI oos0 qu alarmed lnow. What could ,o theo i mauttor with my deaoor child--my olv lchild-my I beauutiful, sensiblel, seosiliOve,litleo Teddy? It tl woas only six years of age, but ho seenmed almost o. 0 .s wlho and as gelltil 1s his father-m-ly dlrling ,who hnd loft mie for ever just six mlotlhs before, o "h011, manlmlllln,dear, why ol you let the horrid \- mn0 c0nme into outr room ?" llleaded l u chill, Atbu tear collursing dlown his b1righlt elhully clheks. " lie is such a horrid m -so unllillke a1 · dear papa !O" I I burst into a flood of tears, Buhlt ,a foo 0w SnoIloletO ll succeeded ill checking I h torrent of mIly grief n tu l1rned towards mly hoy. 'J'Thor w0as p1isty of lihlt ill lihe smlllll bed. it ro00 . I A brilant redigo-lamp lay n tlu I, dressing-tablo. I gazed earnllesly into my boy's wistful brown eyes. Ite was l u ullll htellly wid1 o0 awaloe, alld011 1 passedl lily hallld over his face I I foun d ii wlhileo brow 0was qliot cool. "Whu t is it, toddlo l dr?" 1 asked. "Thero jC :is no mall ill tihe room, of course." 11 "i Bt thero was just a few olollulmts 0go V' f nlslnulll." "I ledll lthere was not, illy pet." "llut I saw him, mamma. l oCamolnost weeko too, and I was awkeo antd saw him. You hall bh left the room for a while, and ho ca0me it at 0 the a door and went over to the dressing-tableand hoe dill something strlange will his ecek. Thenll 10 sIhut lny eyes and wilen 1 opened thell hoe was l gone. You callo inlto the rooml then, but I was 1 too frightened to tell you." ill I was ill a fever of llarm now. W1\ha coulld fuil Ily child ?" I " You were dleaminol g. Toddie, dear," I per islledl, stooping over him ond kissig his lips 1 l and his cheek1s. " 1Go to sleep, illy pIlt." i "I in1 so frightened, manIla, ear. All the hi : week I was! afrald to ask you about lo the man. To- nighlt he came in again while you were renl.d to Sillg andi he souod quite close to ilyou a0nd lookedl into the looking-.gtiss mul did sIolthing to hisll l neck. And then I shut my eyes lighlt. Wol'tt you promise not to leave 1me to-lliglhtlIlIlnu, an ,0 'dear d o " S" I promise, lily pot," ''ssing hil lhll ol and laying his h1ad gent11ly oIl thle pillow. "Now go to sleep,, dloor, whilu I redl lily boulk." What could nil my darling ? I wondered, oas I 0 stood near his cot pullttlillg his houlders with 111my Shand. ]Ie had never been anl odd chihl, never tbeen seriously ill ; he lhad always slept wonder- ,o fully well : it was not easy to frighten or startle I hill. lo hald 1ove0r han lnlly uIlrse but lmyalf, illd 1 h1d never to1l him0 stories of ghosts or fairies, nor hall I allowed himn to hear any such 1 tolles, I hnd always been his call-nllio-11O- l was l Sily o0o thoullght, lly one idlol, ahlways exceptingt a0 t 01t0her idol, ny dallrlilng lod hhusbad, 0who 0. 0,who had shared tihs great love with To ddleo t .and mIo. ft The house I was now living i11 was shlnted a hard 1Iy) the banks of the Thames. It was a pretty little detached cottLge, and I 1hal1 ecured , it furnished at a wonderfully cleap renltal-an b important considleratioll, as Ily Ileans were narrow, and all that could he saved or sporedi should be lavished on 01y beloved child. I The following olrning--Saturdayo-Tdd l soeeled to bo I1u11 himllself eganl. e10 romp11ed1 .with me, walked out with nme, talked to min just " Sns usuall ;and n s I llo 1no referoeeo to the t stIronge n of hiso dre us-for I h11llad0 110 duLt it was a drae l whlich linl distullrbed ll n-I t tllought it heost to kIeepsilenc ol the uIllleasa0 t I subject. Nor did the child refer to the dream s . durillg the next week. At least up to Friday o uiglt,v On Friday evening shortly before eight j o'clock,as I was tuslig him up in hlis ot, Illy 1 darling boy said, " Mlanuna, you will promise to remlin willth Soe in- nloigllht P" "'Ye. t ?ear" I replied, 1" if you wish it." 'the!n I Iissed hilm aud uat down it the grow. C 'ing twilight. Tlhero ws1 n0o 0n1 living wilh 11n in tlln ,cottage. A little girl fronl the neighbourhood it .did all the rough house work for mu during the d Iday and usua0lly wet Iolo loabolt eigllt o'clllock, As I did not go dowelshlrs lIly littlo llolill olf 1 work came utp shortly after eight o'clock to lot ale know silo vas going. A sudden imll ulso Ilurgelld tl, and I said, " Will you tell Dr. Jctloson to give o a call llthis veoulllg ? You o pass his house onl your ay home, I thnllllk " v As soon is thu littlu girl waso gone I got illy o 1011 nlight--'Te'ddio w0s used to l hIlgt aend II it 0ever seeteld to disturb his sleep--anld at I down neur the dressiog-itblo I 00,aos In a solme wlhat tremullllllous ondiio-though I n11t1 1 I ordhllrlly weak of nerve--nod foulnd mlyself I agitated by every sound which reached 1m1y enra. About nitle o'clock 1 was horribly alarm1ed to hear IliteousI cr ly f0111 Il Ochild. I laid don U my book lhulrriedlly a0d weont ovor to 1him. " lanuuna I muminao1" he cried. " Thero ho e (is sgain ! Oh, why do you lot him comlo into f oar rootm?" I sonoai round ll he little bedroom hut could 1 see nolhing strange. STheru Il is now, nnmma dear-near the a tho innp onl the dressing table I" pointinig with lis foreflinger. " And now 1 is going to lift Ills hnnd to Ils Ineck." I pressed 1my terrilfied child to my bosom slnd soothed IIinm with words of loveo nd clinging prllrssures. 1nn1 four nlolou!Olsl 1 had rogailed his ordinary lanuler, a1ld I allowed his head to I sink booack oil the Ipillow. Just then I heard a loud knocl at the door. bIy boy slorled. "Can thisbolthe m1a ngainl, I maomma, dear ?" saidh lh-"thehorrid mann with I J the largo straw lint P" "No, darling," I lurmlnlred. "It is tho doutor. -I nooe aslked hhl to como and sre moy Ilittle IToddio. You will not mild mo leaving you for a mllomnllt io let the lotor i l I" At Ilrst Tolodd olllllg to t1ie, lut another knock fat the hall door reached our ears, lnd mly dear hoy tu1rl0nured- "I foel 1n1 right n0ow, lnlllalla. I klnow he won0't co01o back agalln. Doll't be long." I hulrried down tho shllort IlilghL of stairs nod ilet ill Dr. Jackson, a kIindll, iddle- gedl gentle. 0In0., whllos feu ws flalmiliar to me. 1 broughl the doctor Ill0 a o00e tL ay child and lwhisllOred * to himl lut 1Io s wa suffrlng from all attack of 1nighltulnr0, aOld thot 11 1ha111u sftrnllgu delulBlll 11 tb1t ho s001 0 0mn with 11 lorgo strow hot Ill Iho r Tho 1doctor loolkeod cllriously nt mo, and th1ou felt the child's Illaso. ]iu asked no s0om geoneral quemtionls aboul hils hellth, slaId took his leln. portllro. * , "'hoechil seesao'nll rIlghl," saild Doteor 'Jackonh , addressinlg mo il n low vole. " I do1't Lhink you 0 e1 d be alarmelod. ut could I ha0oo a woord 0wl1 0ou1 ot of hlls h nrlg P" l l'l'l1o d10lor wnlllls to spoek to modowlno tolrs, teddllo," I sald. "Do y1u milhd my loeavlg you 0,lnn1 for a few 11101omen011ts P" I No. na5smln dlloar," he nnswered0 . " On01 I \- l - t 11 door of the rom oplel, wo0l't you ' r When wu relchod Lho parlour, tle dolotor,vith , p ! iromy fce, said-- ' , o, "'hII ls c rlainlly a most extraordinary 1 affair-lll o xl xraordlllnry I Ynr ohlhl J1as . gel, thOr e lr hl oy Il plh ts ill s u1 0 essIoll, 01 n01 isslth II lorgo straw 1hat lollndillll ill frouL of Lho S:dresingttable, dollg su0n01thing to Ill 11001, as tl lttle mUUl l lulsl It. Do you know anythilg 'of tls hollsa " ' "Nothlill whatever, exceltF that 1 is very protty, vry comforbl very olorh, 0 v che1np," I Wan ll, madam," 0111 Doctor Jackson, S 0y sdoioe to yoh Is to leave hu trutty, eOlfortlabblu, S chllsap houso at olleo--lhera Is no 0ocnsi0 n to get rCo Ioto troubl wlth tlheo geots by tolling th1m : . 0Ot nro o etl llg Il ly ioorufaoslo l nOIdv0o,'l * , It a0 wy Whton t Is thle matter p?" I asled. L I wioll tell you," sad1 tlloedoolor, un0d tholl '- y tl 00 tldo ehlo for u llrsol f. A nd Il ed io 0 1nd0r * i- l al nl 0 0 11 n o hll,, er il g hloslo I ult t hla s •l " gorlollllO ICll t ltl0l110 oIosu, ' this holulsu w00 VcOCllt for a twol0'e llontl ltleforo yell tolo It. Thu bst oeelll0er w0s0a mrall of solewh10i1t uovil \- pu liotl--h* u opt tol l 0 hs houso, I UllldUlrItIlld- 010 ts10 'u ty0 fo l nd o f b o atil ng. 0 11O ll ,rld sy u'voning. oouot 11100 o'olook, hn1 rotllurOd froul , the river , u was woav rhllg a lorgI lsl rw Ilot that I roUlloot wcJl, for 1 relnln0r lt thr?at,'standing in front of the dressiug-table in the bedroom." I left the awful house that night, more dead than alive. My hoy is a strong man now, and one whom it would be hard to frighten, but he remembers still, with a feeling of horror, the unaccountable vision-the vion denied to me of the man with the straw hat standing in front of the dressing-table in the little bedroom. [TIO Env.] 