Compensation in France for Tubercolosis Cattle. Mons. Honri Cochin and many or bis col* leagues have just made to the Bureau oi -jjc French Chamber a proposal to compensate tna owners of tuberculous animals whoso flesh a*** being killed is considered unfit for food:—WJ To grant compensation to all proprio-ors * animals of the bovine species when these amnia have boon slaughtered (ordered or not), an have been recognised as being attacked va tubercaloeis, and that their flesh will be accor * ingly declared to bo totally unfit for food. ^ W The rate of compensation is fixed at the ra 1.0 one-fifth of the value of the animals, althoug the sum given is not to exceed JM. • demand for compensation to bo auuraes to tho Minister of Agriculture, and ^ valuation of tho diseased animal .0 established by a veterinary delegate anu an - “ pert named by the party, conforming <-0 rules fixed by Article 20 and 21 of the law 21st July, 1881. (4) Tho average of tho «»: mate of the veterinary delogato and tho exp will servo ns a base for tho determination the value of tho animal. (5) The charcctt the meat, which should bo declared to be u for food, will be determined according w Article 2 of the Ministerial order of July- * 1S88. The precautions relating to tne meats and to tho skins will bo taken eccoi k to the same order. The so arrangements f*1 modified in the future, and kept up^tc tuo gress of science according to the auvicc 0 con.'iuUative committee 00 epmootm*. . law ot July 21st, ASal, riinaius nx ™ everything which is not contrary to tU.j ». egulation. , Rhubarb seeds can bo drilled in a richest soil, giving plenty of space. wmJ planting is thus necessary. A goca crop ! bo obtained the first year. . — Conckut and Bai.t-—A concert and plain and fancy dress ball with supper will be held at Gudgewa on Friday evening next. The object of the cflort is to raise money for tin; purpose of erecting additional buildings at tile Cudgcwa Hali, and. as a good programme has been pre pared, there should bo a largo attendance. Appointment.—Mr John Crnvrford, of Zulu Creek. has been appointed deputy electoral registrar for the Koetong and Mit’.a Mitts divisions of tin; electoral dis trict of Fenemhra. vice Richard ,Ted's, \\\ hose resignation has been accepted. SroKEsn.WE.—" Richard, thou art but the ghost of thy former self." “ How so, Horatio V” “ Mndeuff has taken from thine heal a pound of—hair." “ Horatio, by the ghost of thy father, shall I have revenge for thou didst matte a remark us to mv personal appearance—and I crave rc-VL-nge and thy gore.'’ Paip.ying.—A meeting of the council of the Dairymen’s Association of Victoria war, held hist week at the office of the association, jOi> Collins-stroet. Repre sentatives from lvynetou, Koroil, Movhu. 3 levonish, Furor. Benalla, and Alexandra w-re present. Tito president of the association, Mr K. Argilc. occupied the c'nair. The action of the London Butter Committee in fixing the value of Victorian factory bntter to arrive \v<is comlemnoil. A resolution was carried recommending Victorian factories not to ship through, any local agent whoso London agent is a member of the .London Butter Committee. The question of establishing an export trade in chc-esc, -and also ol pork, was dis cussed at some length, and it was decided to ask the Minister of Agriculture to con tinue the export bonus on cheese. The necessity of obtaining better provision lor the carrige oi butter by rail in hot weather was brought tovward, and a deputat.op from the meeting was appointed to wait upon the Railway Commissioners asking when the promised coo! trucks will bo ready. Yictoiha’s Butteu.—A meeting of the Loudon Commute of .Dealers, appointed t; regulate the price of Australian hatter was held on Thursday to consider the complaints which have been made by the Dairymen's Association of Victoria. Mr Trengrouso occupied the chair. A re solution was passed to the eltect that the Dairymen's Association was ignorant of the conditions of the market. Owing to the glut of foreign butler in London this season they assert that prices will be at least 18s less per cwt than in 1893. Finally they suggest that the Melbourne exporters should appoint a delegate to at tend the meetings of the London com mittee to watch Victorian interests. Mining Kktuun.-j.—During the quarter ending oOth September the gold yield was lG7.-ld.3o/.., being a decrease of 11,900c,z. -as compared with the corresponding quarter of 1893. The yields from the several distircts were as follows:—Balla rat, 50,Sfi-2o/t; Bendigo, 37,CGSoz.; Beech worth, 22,285az ; Maryborough, 17.77507.; Custioinaimr iO.Gtlooz ; Ararat. 72o7oz ; ■Gippslaud, 1-1.90'Joz. From 1st January to ilUth September the total yield was •ibihhuToz, being an increase of 8,(iS9oz, when compared with the first nine months oflS'.US. The dividends paring the Sep tember juarter amounted to .£95,759, and ■during the nine months they _ were X332,'2-fy, or X9i>,-1‘25 less than in the same period of the previous year. The number of people employed in go'd min ing on 30th .September, 139-!, was 27,818. Why?—Tiio adulation of titles in this country is ii phenomenon full of interest S' or tli o student of seiology. In the Age of Friday appears the following ‘‘Sanc tion has been given by the .Executive Oral led to tile promotion of Sergeant Dun can, who is attached to the law depart ment, to the bi'evct trunk of nub-inspector. The- elevation does not ailed tlio sergeant's position in the force ; if he wo.nt back to ordinary police duty he would resume the rank of sergeant, and the change of title will not moan any additional pay.” Now would not Duncan answer all useful pur poses under the title of sergeant just as well as under the alias of sub-inspector ? He is io get no increase of pay, and no exaltation of rank. Then what is the use of changing his address ? Notice.—Subscribers to The Courier wishing to discontinue taking the paper ■tiro notified that orders for discontinuance must- bo accompanied by subscriptions due up to the end of the quarter in which the orders are sent. If this be not done, iio notice will be taken of the order, and the paper will bo sent as usual and charged for at the ordinary rates. This rule will he strictly adhered to. Tin Mining.—The prospects of tho tin mining industry at Koetong are improv ing, and some very good prices tire re ported to have been paid for leases. Messrs Mildreu's Umpire Tin-Mining lease has changed bands, the price being X775. It is evident that tho field, at Koetong has not rccoivcd the attention the prospects deserve. Only two or three leases have been taken up, but hi each ot these the ore is present in suiti ricut quantities to make the working ot tho ground highly remunerative. This has been proved by the tact, that the Messrs Mildrcn have made tneir ground pay handsomely. Cooi.GAiinin.—A Correspondent of the Ballarat Courier writes from Coolgardie t —That Coolgardie will some day bo a great reefing field there is no possible doubt, but its futurp is damned for years by tho ‘ road-metal ’ syndicates that have boen tloated. A penny-weight piece found at Kurnalpi is a ten ounce nugget at Coolgardie, and lOOOoz. nugget in the Argus. There is absolutely no alluvial left ; Coolgardie has been dry-blown five times over. Kurnalpi, Hannan’s, and the rest are as dead as Julius Cicsar, and will never bo resurrected (I mean for alluvial.) Taken all round, it’s a cheer ful place (?). Just Listen.—Do you buy from Ad vertisers ? You err if .you don’t. It is an erroneous impression To believe whon a tradesman spends money in advertising that you pay more for tho artielos. It is ■iust the reverse. Tradesmen who adver tise must be prepared to do what they state in their announcements and thus accept great responsibility and risk of in juring their business unless they act up to it. Whereas thoso who do not adver tise are in no ways bound to give best value. Residents in this locality will ho well repaid by referring to the Trades men's notices in The Courier, and being guided by them will secure the besli>os sihlc value for their money. Both Houses of Parliament mol on Tuesday. The Bush.—Tho rush still continues to Houston’s for his A1 Boots. New Season's Hats.—Just Arrived. New Shapes and Styles.—At I’layle’s. Advt. a- ... • . 