IN HARRISON-STREET POLICE STATION. the opening chapter, headed "In Harri son stioot Police Station," deals with tliut uhiquitious individual, " the foot-sore, leg- BMollen tramp," und Chicago's inadequate method of dealing with hiin. The London vuuui uecamo a reporter, and found that " some kenneled in the empty trucks on the railway sidings, rejoicing even in fireless retreats, others crept into the basement of saloons or coiled themselves tip in out houses, hut the hulk of them were accom modated in the police stations, in the lacihc Garden Mission, and in the City-hall. v.ueh improvised shelters were all the ap pliances of civilisation which Chicago, in the itar of the World's Fair, had to offer to the homeless out-of-works." A NERVE CENTRE OF CRIME. (( Speaking of the Harrison-street station, one or the uervo centres of criminal Chicago," he says : "It stands in the midst of darkest Chicago. Behind the iron bars of its underground cages are penned up, night after night, scores and hundreds of the most dissolute ruffians of both sexes that can he raked up in the dens of the levee. ... It is also the great receiving-house where the police anil the bailsmen and the justices pen the unfortunate women who are raided from time to time ' for revenue only,' of which they yield a goodly sum to the pockets of the administrators ot 'justice.' . . . Some times, when the justice needs dollars, and aula are ordered in scores that the bail- bonds may be paid, there are 200 women crowded into the cells." RUSSIA MORE MERCIFUL. Then follows a vivid description of this orri > o place, while the city comes in for Ms share of denunciation for prevailing , . 10 9" Rllt if the city," continues the author, had provided adequate aecommo- Ut on for her lodgers, even in this under ground Inferno, there might be less to fia,U- Unfortunately, however, there was uo accommodation other than the ne Hoor of t-ho corridor, and there the casuals wero pigged together, literally he herrings in a barrel. . . . The city, f u s';i>'-!|chrted step-mother, provided icr children nothing but shelter warmth, and a stone bed. . . . " Only once had I h \ Bn, outside the picture- o , It was when I was in one of the rors prisons in St. Petersburg. But in AMissia they were more merciful than in Chicago. They at least provided a sloping wooden bed with straw pillows for their prisoners. But what Russian humanity deemed necessary even for criminals the city of Chicago did not vouchsafe to tho honest workman, tramping around in search of a job. , . . "But we have at least learned from our failures sufficient to see that to refuse to deal with the tramp, excepting as a tem porary nuisance, to be hustled on to the neighboring town with the utmost despatch, is the worst way of solving the question ; . so the work of criminalising goes on apace." TRAMPS IN CITY HALL. To the discredit of Chicago is cited the fact that the great sleeping-place for trunip- dom is the City- hull and Court-house, that massive building that it cost $5,000,000 to construct. ' Pays Mr. Plead : " 1 have never seen a city-hall so thronged by loafers dur ing the daytime. . . . And the city, lor want of better accommodation, wits com pelled to house, night after night through the month of Dcecinhur, one or two thousand of the most miserable men in Ciiieago. . . . It seems si range, but it appears to lie undisputed, that the habit of allowing the homeless to shelter in the corridors of the City-hall is no new thing in Chicago." As tlie writer puts it, in Chicago tho ques tionable method is, " Let us hustle htm out of town, and thank God wo are rid of the nuisance of his presence. . . . But it is beginning to he increasingly doubtful whether the popular expedient is inlying in tho long run. Of course, as long as each city or village or township bases its policy on tlie question of Cain nothing can he done. But even in Russia, where so many affect to despise us semi- barbarous and inhuman, they do hotter than that. "WHISKEY AND POLITICS." In the beginning of the third chapter, "Whiskey ami Politics," Mr. Stead re iterates his views of. the saloon question, which produced much discussion during his stay. The difference between decent and indecent saloons, the latter having the addi- I'lCTORIAL FRONTISPIECE TO MR. STEAD'S BOOK. tional elements of gambling and soliciting, is drawn. He again declares that the solution of the temperance problem must begin with the obliteration of the indecent saloons. In the saloon of Brant Smith, tlie Demo cratic captain of the Ninety-first Precinct of the One Hundredth Ward, is found "a tough denizen of the slums," Farmer .Tones. After the reeent election for mayor this Farmer Jones exposes, in an unguarded moment, the rottenness of electioneering methods in this particular ward, how much was paid for votes, how many votes were bought, and how an Italian girl was roped in as terpreter, in order to secure tlie votes of the lion-English-speaking Italians, and so oil through the category. A LESSON FROM THE SLUMS. 'To most people, possibly to every one who reads this chapter," writes Mr. Stead, " such an inside glimpse of the practical working of the political machine in Chicngo would fill them with a feeling of despair. This, they will say, is the outcome of de mocracy, the latest triumph which republi can institutions have achieved in the new world ! What a picture ! "Bribery, intimidation, bulldozing of every kind, knifing, shooting, and the iGiole swimming 111 whiskey !" VOTES AT 50 CENTS APIECE. According to Mr. Stead's story, he relates that in Brant Smith's saloon, on Clark- street, he had the following conversation with " Farmer Jones," a ward worker, who thus reveals the corrupt methods resorted to by Democrats in tlie Ninety-first Precinct of the One Hundredth Ward in order to get votes for Mayor Hopkins at the recent elec tion : — " ' You see,' said Farmer Jones, ' wo is a Black Republican precinct, and we polled a majority of 90 for Hopkins. I took most of them to the poll myself, and it did not cost me more than 50 cents a head, whereas the Republicans liail to pay their men $3 each before they conld get them to the poll.' " This inside glimpse into the finances of voting somewhat startled me. 'But,' I said, do you mean to say that the Republicans paid $3 a head for their votes? That was rather high, was it not?' The Democrats in Ward were only paying their men $2 a head.' " 'They paid $3 in this precinct,' snid he. 'There was any amount of money going on Swift's side. Why, I was offered $100 myself if I would only stay at home on election day and do nothing.' " ' But who offered you that ?' "'The Republicans, of course. Tliey have been spending money all round. They sent me word that if I would go down to tho Central Committee I should have $100 merely to stay at home.' " "THE CHICAGOAN TRINITY." "Tho Chicagoan Trinity" is the rather novel caption of the fourth chapter, which deals with the greed for gold ill this metro polis of tho west. This is what the writer says : " Chicago, though nominally Christian, docs not concern itself particularly about the Trinity. They have a Trinity all their wn, of whom they think a great (leal mote than tliey do of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. In abstruse theologienl dogmas, modern Chicago takes little stock. But it subscribes with both hands to anything that is undersigned by tlie three Dei Majorca of Prairie-avenue, Marshall Field, Philip D. Armour, anil George M. Pullman. These throe millionaires are the real workaday deities of modern Chicago. Tliey are the idols of the market-place. Not that there is much of reverence in this popular homage. Chicago, like the Hindoo, is-quito cnpablo of scourging its idols onoo a year and throwing them into Luke Michigan." "WHO ARE THE DISREPUTABLES?" The expression, " Who are the disrepu tables ? " recently used by M r. Stead in that "talk before the Woman's Club, which pre cipitated such an uvulauuhc of criticism, head the fifth chapter. In an introductory way ho says: "If Christ came to Chicago he would find that many of the citizens have forgotten the oxis tence of any moral law apart from that which is embodied in the State or municipal legis lation, In Chicngo everything that is not illegal is assumed by him to bo right ; no matter how dishonorable it may be, 110 matter how infamous it may be, or cruel it may be. They believe in the State— they have ceased to believe in God. "A man is considered honest, no matter how great a scoundrel he may be, so long as he keeps within the limits of the law. In like manner a woman is considered respect able and of good repute, no matter how false, idle, and selfish she may he, so long as she refrains from publicly advertising her loss of chastity. A man may he a thief all the same, even though his plunder is lega lised by 1111 ordinance, nnd a woman may ho disreputable, although she may move in the first set of the Four Hundred. NOT HEARSAY, BUT TRUTH. "These two elementary truths scent to have startled many people in Chicago when I enunciated litem, as it tliey were heresies, not to say blasphemies, against the social order. Heresies and blasphemies, though they may he called, they ate sacred truths. And if Christ came to Chicago, and were still of tlie same mind that lie was when he walked in Judca, he would probably have said the same thing with much greater emphasis. . . . "As a matter of fact, rich men and women are often, owing to the temptatione which beset them, the most disreputably members of the community ; and it is one of tlie heaviest indictments against the mil lionaire class when it is not steadied by responsibility and alive to its obligations, that it tends inevitably to produce a class of morluls which any well regulated community would he justified in sinking in the nearest bay until tlie breath had left their bodies." STEAD ON CHICAGO WOMEN. In this connection reference is made to tho speech made heforo the Woman's Club. Mr. Stead says that no reporter was present, and the remarks were grossly misrepresented. This is what was said : " Those women who have great oppor tunities only to neglect them, and who have great means only to squander them upon themselves, are more disreputable in the ejes of God and man than the worst harlot on Fourth-avenue." He further says : " The report was immediately telegraphed throughout the whole land and across the Atlantic that I had grossly insulted the ladies of Chicago by declaring that they were tho most disreputable of their sex. I simply stated a truism, and those who argue I was mistaken in assuming that some mere fashionable society ladies were present at the philanthropic meeting must be singularly unaware of the habits of the creature in question." " The commotion which the speech occa sioned was interesting if only as illustrating how much need there is for the Gospel to be preached in high places that are masked by conventional homage to Christianity. "THE NINETEENTH PRECINCT." " The Nineteenth Precinct of the First Ward " is the title of the sixth chapter, and deals with that God- forsaken district bor dered by Harrison and Polk, Dearborn, and Clark streets. An accompanying map shows the exact location of 46 saloons, 37 houses of ill- fame, 11 pawnbrokers. " If Christ came to Chicago it is one of the last precincts into which wo would euro to take him. Nobody 1ms any moral, spiritual, or educational oversight of the people." This precinct, near the great nrterial thoroughfares of tho city, Mr. Stead de clares, is a disgrace to Caicago. Ho shows that for tho 3000 people living in this district there is no minister of religion, no city missionary, no at tempt to supply the intellectual needs except by an assortment of " photographs of sitters, whose chief characteristic is their absence of clothes." Neither is there a bath or waslihouse ; neither is there any public lavatory or public convenience, except in connection with the saloons. Speaking of the school in this district, ho says : "Any thing would bo better than the miserable apology for a playground which disgraces the school at the present moment." And, what is more, the writer declares that this is not an exceptional precinct. "THE BOODLERS AND THE BOODLED." The third part of the book gives the open ing chapter to a daring resume of " Tho Boodlers and the Boodled," of Chicago. Says Mr. Stead : " It is, perhaps, too much to say that Chicago is and has been govorned upon a system of corruption, but whoever did make that statement would not have much difficulty in making out a very strong jjrima facie case in support of his as sertion. The sovereigh people may govern Chicago in theory; as a matter of fact King Boodle is monarch of all he surveys. His domination is practically undisputed, and the recognition of its existence is tho basis of the limitations which are placed upon tho taxing powers of the city council. It being expected as a fundamental principlo that the aldermen will steal, the longer-headed, well- to-do citizens, acting urder the guidanco of Mr. Meilill, the editor and proprietor of tho Tribune , then Mayor of Chicago, limited the taxing powers of the city to 2 per cent, of the assessed value of realty and personalty of the city. " In order to limit still further the amount of money liable to be stolen by the repre sentatives of tho people, tliey elaborated the most extraordinary system of assessment that ever bewildered a financier or shocked a moralist. . . . The aldermen wero driven to forage in other fields." THIEVING ALDERMEN. The Chicago streets, for instance, afford an inexhaustible field for revenue, Tho writer says that the 95,000.000 yearly gained from this source is available for boodling. " It would have been cheaper for the uity o Chicago to have paid every one of her alder men S10,000 a year, if by such payment tho city could have scoured honest servants, than to lmvo turned a pack of hungry alder men loose on the city estate with a miserable allowance of 8156 a year, but with practi cally unrestricted libcrLy to fill their pockets by bartering away the property of tlie city. . . . Tlie aldermen knew that they were dealing in stolen goods ; they were fraudu lent trustees ulio, in order to fill their own pockets, eons-eyed away the property of the city." The method of boodling ill connection svitli tlie city council, where tlie men are not in it "for their health," is ininulcly described. " This manieiivre is very familiar in the City Council. It is dis counted by the manager of the ring, svlio knows the price of his boys as well lis the farmer knows the prioc of his hogs." A story is then told of how an ex-nldernian, who is now an aspirant for a Federal office, was once bought up. Speaking further of tlie bosses, it is openly avowed that " in the present council one alderman, who usually ean he found in the neighborhood of Rowers and O'Brien's saloon ean control 40 others.-' SIXTY-SIX AND ALL VENAL. " The precise number of hooillers in the City Council is a question upon which there is often much discussion. A lawyer of a railway corporation, speaking oil tlie subject the oilier day, saidi — ' There are 63 aldermen in the City Council and 66 of them can he bought. Tliis I know because 1 have bought them myself.' " BANK NOTES UNDER HIS BILLOW. Speaking of the distribution of hoodie "It is managed with discretion. The stipulated suin is sometimes placed in blank envelopes addressed to the aldermen in an unknown handwriting, who find them in some mysterious way in the pockets of their overcoats. In some instances, notably one in which n late Mayor was said to have been involved, the money was said to have been placed under the pillow, for tlis vir tuous 1111111 refused even to touch it — at least until his visitors had left the room." I11 this connection the writer says there is a helpless hopelessness in society gene rally. "Tlie Russian peasant, suffering under a corrupt tchinovnik, who bows his head with the fatalism of his race, does not submit more abjectly to illegal exactions than the American citizen to tlie endless tyrannies of his plutocratic taskmasters." "DIVES, THE TAX-DODGER." One of the most daring, sensational chap ters in this book of sensations is the follow- onc, ontitied "Dives, tlie Tax-Dodger." Mr. Stead introduces the subject thus " If Christ came to Chicago and took any practical interest in the establishment of His kingdom in tho city, the assessment system would bo radically reformed. This is not a question of politics or of administra tion or of finance. It is a question of ele mentary morality. For the assessment system is based on a lie. It is worked by perjury, and ifc 1ms as its natural and neces sary results,- injustice, corruption, and the plunder of tlie poor." A PREMIUM UPON PERJURY. Many people being unaware how ifc is worked, the writer declares that " the best service I can render is to print in plain English the simple truth about the system and how it works. . . . The first remarkable feature about the assessment system of Chicago is that it puts a higher premium upon perjury than upon any other vice or virtue under heaven. In Chicago perjury may almost be regarded as a pro tected industry. It may, perhaps, bo argued that the virtue of the Chicago citizen is so austere that it is necessary to oiler abnorm ally high inducements to induce him to damn his soul by perjury; but judging from tlie eager competition there is for the post of professional perjurer, there would seem but little basis for this argument. "Whatever may be the cause, there is a heavier sum in solid dollars pocketed every year by the official perjurers in Chicago than is paid to any other officials in the service of the city. . . . There will be a very poor lookout for the town assessors of the city of Chicago when they stand before Cod to render account. For each and all of the whole eleven of them are false swearers,'' which statement is proved on the authority of the latest official document issued by the Comptroller of the city of Chicago. Figures are produced to show that 20 years ago Ciiieago was assessed on real and per sonal property to the amount of 9312,072,995, but in 1893 the amount was a shrinkage of $60,000,000 or $245,790,351. "At this rate, in another 20 years Chicago would be stone broke, and couldn't be sold for a red cent." ASSESSING THE RICH. The writer then give3 the names of many of the best-known and influential citizens of Chicago to show that their assessments are dodged. The personal property in the man sion of tho street railway magnate C. T. Yerkes is only valued at 31000 by tlie asses sor. A table of figures shows that the mil lionaires J. \Y. Doanc, Marshall Field, Mar shall Field, jun., and G. M. Pullman pay only $20 for assessment for their horses, $30 each for carriages, and soon. The assessors, under oath, return as the personalty of lead ing citizens these figures Marshall Field, $20,000 ; Marshall Field, jun., $2000 ; P. D. Armour, $5000; George M. Pullman, $12,000 ; J. W. Doanc, $10,000 ; H. H. lvohlsaat, $1500; C. T. Yerkes, $4000 ; Porter Palmer, $15,000. "None of these gentlemen make out their own returns. They prefer the unerring judgment and trained experience of the assessor. He stands between them and their conscience. ... It is, in pluin English, a colossal lie, bolstered up by habitual perjury, and operating to produce roguery ot every kind." Mr. Stead calls attention to the fact that the manipulations of the assessor inflict great hardships on the poor, and a comparative table shows what the poor have to assume in the way of taxes. Figures are also produced to show at what an astonishing low rate tlie news papers pay. " After the newspapers, the aldermen arc the most influential in Chicago. Thoy. arc hopelessly impecunious —according to tlie assessor. Mr. Mad den, chairman of the finance committee, is not assessed at one red cent. Mr. Mann, chairman of the judiciary committee, has only $100 of personalty." Fifty-live out of 68 aldermen are assessed as if they had no personal property, and the remainder only have $1550 altogether. The auditorium, too, is assessed at' just about the sum it cost to fit it with radiators and so on. " The Chicago assessor is without any guide excepting his own interests, as ho is influenced by Dives, the tax-dodger," CASTING OUT DEVILS. Mr. Stead recommends "casting out devils." Tho first devil mentioned that Chicago might well rid herself of is pluto cracy. " I came to America," says he in this connection, "to sec what Mr. Carnegie described as the 'Triumph of Democracy.' I found instead the evolution of plutocracy." Tlie wealthy men are spoken of as having absorbed all the monopolies of service, and referring to tho way the predatory rich have intrenched themselves in the. universities, this is said of Rockefeller. "Rockefeller— the story of whose Standard Oil trust will some day be given to the public in all its infamy of detail and continental grandeur of rapacity by some Zola of reality who will discover in it one of the most in teresting episodes in all history — is the great patron of tlie University of Chicago." A MOCKERY OF JUSTICE. " Another great department of public ad ministration in Chicago which stands in very serious need of being delivered from evil is that belonging to justice and the police. Law should bo impartial and just- In Chicago it is neither one nor the other. Almost every principle of sound jurispru dence is violated every day in the justices' courts, both civil and criminal, in Chicago. Justices nominated for political considera tions, and swayed more or less shamelessly by partisan feelings, set before tlie law less members of the community a shame ful object lesson in justice and corruption. . . . There is hardly a court in Chicago where a prisoner who has a political pull is not tolerably sure of escaping punishment." CHICAGO'S BLACK LIST. The first appendix to the book is a start ling sensation in itself. In fact, a rumor having gone forth that such an expose was forthcoming, a concerted elfort was made to squelch the book, or, at least, to have this chapter left from the book. It deals with what Mr. Stead calls " a black list of the occupiers, owners, and taxpayers of property used for immoral pur poses " in two districts — Armour-avenue and the Levee. It publishes in tabulated form the number of the house, whether it is devoted to a saloon, a house of ill-fame, or both ; the keeper of the place, the owner, and by whom the taxes are paid. The list implicates some of the best known and most iuiluential people of Ciiieago. After quoting from tlie Criminal Code of the State of Illinois, and tlie Municipal Code of Ciiieago, bearing on this subject, Mr. Stead writes out with an unrelenting pen the list of persons implicated. Over 150 houses are thus tabulated. Ml LLION AIR ES' ASSESSM KNTS. . Another appendix gives "some curiosities of Chicago assessments " that will be inte resting reading for some of Chicago s mil lionaires, "In order to see how tilings sLood," says Mr. Stead, "I in structed a real estate agent to go through tlie official returns and extract from them the assessments of real and personal property made in the cases of most prominent people in Chicago, including the millionaires, tlie aldermen, the members of the civic federation, and the newspapers, etc. I also instructed him to obtain the assessments of the more notable buildings in the city, and for tlie purpose of comparison to obtain ihe assessed value of various smaller premises owned by wage-workers and others. I could not send a valuer into the stables of a millionaire, nor could I introduce a competent assessor into the domesticities of Mr. Yerkes. " There seems to be no reason to doubt the general correctness of tlie statement that, taking the city all around, the assessed value is only one-eighth of the real value. Tlie owners of small houses are often assessed at one-fourth, one-third, unit even one- half of their real value, while the owners of the mansions and tho sky- scrapers escape with one-tenth, one-twentieth, oi even one-thirtieth of their real value.' 