? AitfOKG The Boxers. DIXON AND GRIFFO. How They Were Matched. BOB AND DAN. The Aftermath. BUMMY WINTERS TO THE FHOJiT. Fabulous Purses. Australian Boxers Abroad— Their Doings. ! \ Abe Illoken's Benefit— Fltulinmona M a» American—Other Items of Interest. There nro letters lioro for Jim Barron, 'Jack Fullor, C. E. JIurpny, and Herb. M'Koll. ? . ? ? Abo Hicken says ho intends starting an athletic club in this city oarly in January. A man named John Quiun, of Pittsburg, U.S.A., wants to match Peter Mahor against Prank Slarin. ? ? ? It is said that ' Kid ' Lavigno, the ' Sawdust Kid,' hits a big bank roll behind him (or a match with Gride. ' ? ? * * Jack Slavin and Jim Daly, ox-sparring partner ot Jim (jorbotc, siguoa articles to fight fifteen rounds, for a purso of ISOOdol, e-t Buffalo, ou tlio Oth ult. ? ? ? Jack Fogarty, whom Australian Billy Smith dofentod a few months back, .fought » draw of twonty-sovou rounds with .Jack Derapsey, at Buffalo, on October G. ? ? s At latest dates Frank Slavin was en gaged in a shott^ourthrough tho principal cities of England; Inland; Scotland, and 'Wales, prior to journeying to South Africa 'for professional purposes.' Tho Olympic Club of Now Orloans has off»rod u puvso of UOOOdol for a flniah fight between Stove O'Domiell and Jim Hall, to come off during tho llnrdi Qras festivities in Fobruarv next. r Jim 'Butler, tho Philadelphia colorod middle-weight, who stood before , Joe GodJard for four rounds, has issued a ohallongo to fight ariyono at 1501b, AiiBtriv lian Billy M'Carty preferred. ? . ? * ? ? Tommy Hyan, who beat mysterious Billy Bmith, the vanquisher of Australian Tom Williams, says ho is perfectly willing to meet Tom Truer if a suitable purao is offered. Should Tracy have, got away with Billy arCarty in thuir fight last- month, the 'suitable purse' will no doubt be forthcoming. ? « ? Bob Fitzsimmons, upon his return to. Jersey city from New Orloaua, after boat ing Dan Creedon, had a great rocoption. A largo number of enthusiastic friends, headed by a brass band, met him at tho railway station and escorU'd him to his hotel, whom toasts innumerable wore drunk. Fits: ' looked the picture of health, and his facu was wreathed in smiles over the reception accorded.' ? ? ? According to tho following, clipped from tho Now .York iLhvaruxiEV News, Ameri can managers of fightors aro voracious mon3ters indeed : — ' I notice that Griffo has taken to himself a new match- maker in the person of Walter Campbell, of Phila delphia. Thare aio sovoral roaaonB why Griffo should shift malingers, from all that I am told. They say that Sir. Beban, who lias conducted tho affairs of tho Australian Dp to date, elites off moro than the lion's share for himself. Under the same mana ger Slick Dunn is said to have received about ten shillings for his fightand victory Over Jim Butler at Coney Island.' ? ? ? 'Jerry Marshall (sayB an American paper) states that the insinuations of Quinn and Connelly that his contest with Goorgo Larigne was not honest aro not true. Ho points to tho fact that Quinn knew of his illness on tho Saturday pro' coding tho Monday on which he met'' Xnvigne. Ho further states that tho men* named had nothing' at stake to lose, and; considering physical condition, he did well to como out second with a' man . whom' Griffo and pixon .declined to 'meet.' ', [Ij thought Jerry could sot, on his merits,, have beeiii.so easily disposed of.— ;',TnE AitATEUtt.']' ? ' -,?.,?:'; : '-' Thus ' Bantam ' i n a roeonfc insue of the Philadelphia Sunday Itbst :—' The Cham pion fighter of Auiorica ib anything but a ' hay Bood.' Hois a near relativo of Master Itoyn.ird in cunning, and ho can got a glimpse of what is coming as good tie a weather prophet. Jim was always foxy, oven from ' childhood's happy hour,' but his lato master-piece partner was John Donaldson, and no moro faithful assistant ever attended a man, but a ' now Kich mond,' so to speak, took the field and ?wanted to fight anybody. Jim wnB in cluded, of course. Tho new Richmond was Stove O'Donnell, tho plonsunt Corko nian, and a clever boxer and iightor he i3, too. Stove no sooner nmdo known his intention to fight, .FiUaitnmons, Corbntt, or anybody olsu than Jim conceivod tho idea of killing two birda with one Btono, so ho oiigngod O'Dpunell as sparring partner. This gigantic stroke of good policy eircumvontod Master Fitzniminon.i in his deairo to get on with the Champion of tho World, as well aa took tho notion but of O'Donnell's head that ho ought to light Jim lor tho Cham pionship. Jim can now say to Fitz Bimmons, go. and fight O'Donnoll, and if you win from him I'll fight you for tho Championship. Ain't that cunning ? But in taking hold of O'Donnoll hasn't Corbett done a vory foolish thiug? Might not O'Donnoll lenrn of Jim's fighting ways to such an extent as to make him really a dangerous factor in tho rnco for tho Cham pionship ? Suppose, after a your's practlco with Corbett, O'Donnell was to eay to Cor bett, ' Young fellow, I've got your measure now ; como and fight mo for the Cham pionBbip.' What would Jim Bay ? Bead tho answer in tho stars. ? * * The following trenchant remarks anent Dan Croodon's chargo that I'itzsimtnons resorted to unfair tactics in their fight aro from tho pun of the American sporting writer ' Bantam ' : The statement mado by Dan Croedon to tho effect that Fitz simmons iB an unfair fighter is a vile calumny, and should bo refuted by all Wnnnln loltlt klivn BOAM f h H t.H.1 I fiflltflr Tlllf up his hands in buttlo. Ho is one of the fairest, fighters I have over soon, and I havo been oyoing the maulers in many sections of the country for many yoars. Ho in a fair fighter, a morciful victor, and the man who says ho in not lacks the in stincts of manhood. Fitzsimtnona allowod Dan Creodon the choice of .corners, the choice of glovon, the advantage of weight, and thon allowed him & whole round to find out what he woa about, instead of going right at him and whipping him in a punch or two, which ho could hftvo dono with as much ease as anyone can well imagino a man could be whippod with. Dan Croedon owes it to himself to boa fair man, and the sooner ho bogine to give the devil his duo the Boonor people will raise him in their Mtimation as a man. Joo'Choynski is vory much down-hearted ovor his gun accident. The splint* wore romovod fay n Chicago medico lost month, and disclosed tho fact that tho hand was in a vory much inflamed and terribly swollen condition. It will bo many months buforo tho genial hard hitter will bo able to gird on his armor again. ? ? ? ? Charley Mitchell, writing to a friond in Amerioa treo or throo months since, ox prosRed his intention ;of revisiting tho States in October. Ho alno said ho was tho unknown Pony Moore hud boon trying to match against Sluvin, but directly F.P. know of it ho ' took viator.' Mitclioll's intention was to star in a farco comedy. Ho wa- in excellent health, and tippod the beam at a good figure ? ? ? Buffalo is tho now centre of pugilism in America just now. Tho city has the fovor in great shape. Fights and rumorB of fights nro tho chief topio of conversation. Fisticuffs aro allowed, and thore is 'not tho slightest difficulty about pulling off a good go. This is tho locality whero Martin CoBtollo first saw the light, hence his sobriquet ' Buffalo.' ? ? ? Griffo, upon liis return to Now York from Now Orloatis, stated that ho likod tho 'Croscont' city very much, and would havo rmnaiued there but for ' buainoss in New York.' Uu had sovoral talks with Andy Bowon, tho light-weight, and tho Auditorium Club offorod oOOOdol for a mooting between thoin. 'If other cou ditions are satisfactory,' said Griffo, ' I shall certainly accept. It is quite imma terial to me who I tako on so long as there is money in it.' ? * ? Chatting with. Miok Dooloy at Hicken's bonolit on Monday night, I gleaned tho information that ho was only too ready to accept tho offer from America, and would leave here directly his expenses woro available. I hopo tho good-natured heavy weight will adhere to this determination, as it is about the best thiug ho could do. Miok has his hand in a sling, whero it is liioly to remain for a wnuk or two, the result of an accident while amusing him self with a friend's youngsters. An Amoncan paper on tho Corbott-1 Jtz simmons matter had tho following to say : 'Corbett has only defeated two broken down mon in tho ring, and now refuses the manly challenge of Bob Fitzsimmons, who has proved himself worthy of any fightor'B skill. Fitzsimmons may not bo a Sullivan iu many ways, but his conduct in Amorica has been that of a sincere flghtor. Bosides, he's an American citizon, and wears the rod, whito, and bluo in his belt, and lovos his adopted country probably moro than Corbett.-who is not at all popular among those who know him boat, right where ho was born and bred, iu, tho city of San FranciBco.' .'.'. ' ? ' .? ? .' ? ; 'In the oyos of the public,' said John L. Sullivan, talking recently in Washing ton, 'I'm just a bruiser. But thoro ain't' a day I don't give up from lOdol. to 25dol. to help somebody along that's in trouble, and I never pass a Sister of Charity on tho street that she don't got something from me for tho benefit of the poor. Yet in tho eyes of the public I'm just a bruiser. Well, novor mind. There's a little farm waitine for me, and it won't bo long till there's a big, fat man on it onjoyln' life. Whpn you come there'll be plenty of booze in the houso, and I'll treat you liko a bug in a rug. Kvorything will bo wido opon. I'm tirod of prizo-fightin' and actin'. Hero is au auctioneer that has mado many a dollar for mo,' and ho held out his big right fist: ' and I've cot a little of it laid awav for a rainy day. No more fighting for mo. People delight to say I'm an ignorant man, but I served a fair timo at school. My mother's idea was to mako a priest of mo. A nice priest I'd have made, wouldn't I ? I'd be playing the parish for all they hod.' ? ? ? New York Herald, reporting tbo meet ing between Fitzsimmona nnd Corbett for tho purpose of making a match, had the following : — ' First to arrive was William A. Brady, Corbott'e mnnagor. Fitzsimmons showed up fifteen minutes later with his manager, Captain Gloi-i. The Australian lad had on tho big shiny extinguisher silk hat that conies down over his ears and almost moots his ahoulder blades. Corbott soon mado his bow and smile to the multi tude. Ho woro a whito thick woollen Bwoator, a grey suit, and a Derby hat. His costumo was not such as is usually worn in New York streots, but such as is rather moro adapted to -training quarters iu the country. One of the fistic know-it-alls said: 'Jim know Fitz would havo on a Bilk bat and look like a dude, and so he canto in his working clothes to show how proud he isn't. Brady ?put him on to that. He's been getting away from his crowd lately through dress ing too well and changing his collar too ''of ton, and it's hurt him. You oee ho hasn't even a diamond pin in his sweater!'.' * ? ? ? Tamut must bo moro than ordinarily fertile in practical jokists. We .had occasion Borne weeks baok to reprove' an individual in that town for endoavoring to have i user ted in these columns reports of so-called fights which, it was ullaged, had tukon placo at a mythical retort culled tho Lacnialac Athletic Club, aud nour another communication, orur what is no doubt a fictitious signature, ronchos uspurporting to bo an account of a fight which is said to have taken placo at a now athlotic club, whon, as a matter of fact, it was a little affair in tho street botwoen two local social magnates, the result of some business difforonce. If we had not taken the trouble to make inquiries, aud had, in good faith publishod tho information gi von, an unin tentional and probably sorious injury would havo boon dono tho parties con cerned, as tho uamos of each woro men tioned. No consure is too sevoro for a p-;reon who trion in this fashion to uso a newspaper for tho1 purpose of playing off practical jokes upon his follows. Wo h'uvo authorised correspondents in all tho larger towns, but, through dearth of sporting news, are compelled now and again to depoud upon tho good offices of reaidonts in the smaller ones for 'reports of occasional happenings in their localities. Fortu nately for us and tho public, inou of the Tumut man's typo aro rarely met with. * * * Tho following comparative measure ments of Fitzsimmons and Corbott, taken when they were in training — Fitz. for tho Manor fight — may intoroBt our readors : — Ako ? 28 32 Woilfl't ? 188 108 HeijTbt. ? OFtliin GftOJln Koach ? 28* 291 Ghost ? 88 30 WftiHt ? 33 30 TbiKb ? 21 20 Calf ? M 1* Biceps. ? Hi 13t Forearm ... ... Hi 11J Theso statistics show Corbott to be younger, heavier by twenty pound, taller by an inch, and, in fact bigger in almost ovory way. But hasn't Fitzaimmons do volopod a lot P ? ? ? Aleck Groggains, who defeatod Billy M'Carty, and was in turn knocked out by Dan Creedon after a fierce fight in Chicago, is teaching boxing at the San Francisco Club juBt now. Writing to a friend rocently, Alick Baid : 'Thoro iu aomo talk of big Joe M'Auliffo undertaking to sto Australian Billy Smith and myself in twenty rounds. I am willing to take him on alono, and Smith ia just as anxious to do the sums. I would liko to moot Dan Creodon again, this timo at catch-weights.' Greggains tako3 strong oxcuption t-- Croodon's statomont that ho (Dan) was drugged on tho night of their previous encounter, and stated that tho Imperial Club (Frisco) will give SSOOdol for mother fight betwwn thim. On Sept. 0, Jn Chicago, Potor Jackson was robbed of n handsomu nnd moro than .ordinarily vnluablo gold watch, whloh had boon prosonted to him by frionds iu Cali fornia como timo back. ? ? ? Ovor tho noni Jo plume of 'Pugilist,' wo have rocoivad a lotigthy communication from ono who is anxious to boo a good boxing olub formed hero. Lack of npaco procludes our publishing it, but tho arguments in favor of tho idoa advooatod aro indisputable, aud our correspondent may rest assured that this journal will sparo no effort in briuging such an organisation into existence, in fact tho matter is under consideration now, nnd a determination has boon arrivod at, among a fow onthuHiaats, to sot tho ball rolliug as soon ns possible, and leave the rest to tho sporting and athliitic tendencies of our young mon, and, for that matter, the old 'iina, too, many of whom may relish a good mill more than anything oka. 