,, THEffE^POrsOOIAl, ASomatsa^Uouaa clock Has* in» mild way, repeated. Loud Bwion'b oxperienoe ; to? has aWakebed onemonrihg, tlti&lti;, to findhimBeM lMp*l Iffi. Kidd, *. ' «Ju»oiiifo!y : unknown :^^»wto». Jvw ,pradjoo$$ ^ flawed j 8oei<d jfaofotion* «n that moat dislwMCul < Of subjects political economy, which lias ! thrown critics Of every complexion-'arid ] school iuto a paroxysm of admiration, ? and which a journal so little given to superlatives as the London Spectator declares will have wide political as well as social affects. Mr. Kidd, in brief, has brought back to the world's memory "the forgotten fact of social evolution." Humau society,lie argues, is an organism, subject to aff the natural laws which govern tiie development of organisms ; and on this subject Mr. Kidd adopts all the terminology of the Darwinian school. He out-Darwins Dah.win, in fact. The cvoliition of human society, he insists, is but a branch of zoology ; and Mr. Kidd not only employs oh almost every page as the key to the, biology of the human race that Well worn phrase " the survival of the " fittest," but rebukes its inventor, Mr. Herbert Spencer, for not being suffi ciently lieroio in his Darwinianism! A writer who sighs over the defective character of Mr. Herbert Spencer's Darwinianism muBt surely himsblf have a faith' in the development theory which' rises almost to the temperature of •fanaticism. This, indeed^ explains the about of .praise with which Mr. Kidd's book is welcomed from tlie Darwinian camp. He treats the evolution of human society as a mere branch of Darwinian "biology, shaped absolutely by the cluster of mysterious and only half-explored ( forces which lie beneath the phrase " natural seloction." But Mr. Kidd's book Ib welcomed with shouts, almost rb loud and exultant, from the opposite camp ; from the ranks, that is, of those who believe that human society is some thing more than a product of unconscious natural forces, and that behind the web of natural law there stands the figure of a personal Law- giver. And there is some justification for this later shout; for " the forgotten fact of social evolu "tion" which Mr, Kidd, with great force of language aud a wide array of facts,insists on recalling to the memory of the race is—religion. Thelate Dr. Pearson, it will be remembered, wrote a gloomy but powerful volume to prove that iu the struggle for mastery the inferior races ; were certain to crush out the higher races, just as the rabbit, if left alone, Will out eat the cheep, or the Cape weed kill nutritious rye .and clover. And the Saturday Review, with a character-, istic touoh of burlesque, says that the burden of Mr. Kidd's book is to prove that what Way be picturesquely calledBtupidpeoploandsocietieswillintbe long run Bhoutder out of the universe clever people and societies. • This is mere caricature; but it is true that Mr. Kidd, with great ingenuity and force, argues that " human evolution is hot primarily "intellectual;" that men and races whose characteristics are mere cleverness lack staying power; and that the salt which acts as a preservative to human life is not intellectual but moral. To quote the felicitous sentences into which the London Spectator condenses its illus trations of Mr. Kidd's theory " The « Greek was a far more intellectual being " than the Jew ; and the Greek passed, •< bat theJew remains. The Frenchman ««{a probably distinctly the superior of the << Teuton in Intellectual qualities ; but the " Teuton, is covering the earth, and the <« Frenchman slowly dying away." Man is distingaished from the beast by what we call reason; but Mr. Kidd argues with carious energy that reason, considered as a social law, is perilous, and even suicidal, and the more authoritative it becomes in any given society the more certain is that society to be defeated iu the struggle for existence. Of course, Mr. Kidd, to reach each a conclusion, charges the term "reason" with'a heW and non-natural sense. In his terminology "reason" stands for intellect, with a selfish impulse behind it aud a selfish goal before it. " The teaching of reason to the indi " vidua!," he says, "must always be that "the present time, and hi# own interest it are all-important to him." But it is surely a gross injustice to a noble word to charge it with a sense so narrow and, morally, so evil. If we permit Mr. Kidd to drain- the term " reason " of all meaning save that which is most ignoble; to make it .the synonym, that is, for mere enlightened selfishness—or oven for selfishness unenlightened—ho can easily prove that the race most abso lutely underthelhwof "reason" fesure to periBhinthe great sfcruftglo for oxisb euce: Does it need the memory of ope of Visor's homeliest fables to prove that .flelfisUness is anti-social; and that when tits various patts of ® sooial organism begin to think only of themselves they, are unconsciously assisting at their oWn funeral? Mr, h on stronger ground when he recalls to tive memory % » somewhat forgetful world foe aooial value of religion-^ awne: dwfflHd u*th» on Mr. HfcRBgRT Spencer's tlieorywhich treats agi^tsd&ialphenomenoh; like re ligion astheinere product of ancestor-' worship an# a belief in ghosts. Mr. Grant Allen, who regards even tike, higher forms of religion-aa "a grotesque "fungoid growth," fares even worse at Mr. KiDb's haiids, An obstinate instinct, that lies in the very Toots of man's nature, drives him to seek a law and a sanction for his actions higher than that of self-regarding reason. He seeks, that is, a supernatural law of conduct; so he learns to he what, in the jargon of ia certain philosophy, m called altruistic. And the cluster of impulses we call "altruism"—tlie forces of charily, humanity, care for and duty towards others—are the forces, according to Mr. Kidd, which enable one form of society "to outlast and outgrow others. What is the dominant sbcial impulse in the races which to-day hold the. primacy of the world 1 Why does the white man, ouder every Bky, over sliadow the blaCk ? It is not, Mr. Kh>d contends, by virtue of any Superior keen-, heSs fif Intellect • hut the white races are pervaded by all Ille great modern littmatti-, ties. Cruelly is intolerable to them; the ignorant and the weak are not classes to be oppressed, they are to be sheltered and taught <ahd elevated; fend " the " power not ourselves tfhicli makes for " righteousness " is proved by history to he on the side of the races which act on these impulses. " To forgive your " enemy; to limit the malignity of war ; " to liberate a race which works better " under physical coercion," are acts Which, in tlie light of pure " reason," as Mr. Kidd understands that word, are I pure follies. And yet the races which dominate the World to-day somehow, by; force of an impulse which certainly does not fittd its roots in "reason," find themselves driven to act on this policy, aud in doing so, as Mr. Kidd shows by an immense array of historical facts, develop the one type of character which Survives all others. The Duke of Argyll, who contributes to the Edinburgh Eevictv a powerful aud j severe critique on Mr. Kidd's book, declares that his view of social evolution is " essentially crude, unsatisfactory, and " illdigested;" and we do not doubt that Mr. Kidd, who to-day finds himself bewildered by imdiscerning praise, will to-morrow, as tlie drift of his book is better understood* find himself equally bewildered by not too discriminating abuse: And yet lie has made a genuine contribution to social science. "It. " is impossible," says the London Spectator, " to read his book without " perceiving that he lias broken through " the chain Of the idea that evolution is " the result of rfeaSon and circumstance " alone. Reasoh would not have evolved " Christianity ; and circumstance has " always been opposed to tbe rise of " altruism, which is now the dominating "social force." Mr. Kidd's book, what ever its defects, is one of the most powerful pleas published of late years for religion as against secularism ; for authoritative ethics as against a self regarding utilitarianism ; and for in dividual liberty as against that spurious sociabsm which would purchase material comfort at the cost of both genuine liberty and real progress. 