[COP YKIG RT. ] MARJORY'S MISTAKE. Br ADELINE SERGEA>T, tz2t, " " JiCOBl's ."WlFX," " SlB Ax thc-v-5-"s Secret."' - Uvprr: Fjjl-e Pbe tzj>vzi," etc., rrc. CHAPTER ! Archie's condition ~-.s critics!, and for several succeeding days ar.d nights the fever retsrned at iaterv&ls;, each time leading aim in.a sate of extreme prostration ; but "Felix Hyde's care and medical skill palled Mm throush the Tforst of his illness. and as soon as he could be moved, fce had him taken to the nearest tows, vrhere there Tvas a reason able prospect of him getting rid of his ail mests\ kvrzr i:om the sivampy diitnc:. chsra it -ras simtst impossible to escape malarious poison, Archie began to recover strength, and Felix declared he ttcaid soon ; be vreil enough to pr^ieed to 2\en } ork and tssea to Liverpool. But the nrst nine be eke of the journey be —as amazed to find that Archie received the suggestion -with a ^ sort of shuddering disgust. ' Back agiin 1' he said, ' and by sea, too 1 I think it would be better if ^Marjory came out to nje.' ' Don't you care to retsrn to England, then ~ said Felix, in some surprise. ' jEngiand'r all very frell -.rhezi yon are there,' said Archie. ' but,5 frith ruber a nervous laugh, ' there's the sea between, cs yon knofr." 'Ah I tnongiit Fenx, 'his nerres have been shaken by that shipwreck.' And for a mGtr.ent or two he siid nothing, as he felt sure that his patient's objection to the sea would only be reinforced by opposition. 'TVell,' he said at length, 'ycu are not strong enough for much travelling as yet, so I think we had batter trait- a bit, and decide what can be done when you are stronger/ The conversation dropped, and for some days nothing rsore was said concerning Archie's return to England, bat everyone was not so reticent Felix, and when it became known that Archie had been been on board the ill-fated 'Aurora,'some interest was expressed in him, and one or two ladies -assailed hiin with, questions as ro the iray in which the shipwreck had occurred. Archie bore the infliction pretty well, but Felix was not altogether surprised to see him turn very white after a while, and leave the verandah where he had been loung ing in a rocking chair, rather hurriedly, lie had to explain to the- ladies that his friend's nerves had been very much upset, and it •»« wiser no! to jcueatiou the fchiuwreck iu his hearing. But the ladies were a little offended at this information, ar.d seemed to think that Felix had no business to interfere with their topics of conversation. However, •when Felix rejoined his friend in their private apartment, Archie justified the -remonstrance he had made by saying, in an aggrieved ana ezhaustea tone • I sc.y, Ftliz ; can't ycu make those women hold their tongues V ' I have been suggesting to them that they should do so,' said Felix, with a Emile, ' but they have not taken the suggestion in very' good part.' 1 King them all, and their curiosity !' said Archie. 'As if I ever wanted to hear or think of that accursed time again!' He put his hands over his eyes, as if to shut out some unwelcome Eight. 'Your nerves are not right yet, old man,' said Felix, * ana you had better riot try them too much ; though, I must warn you, I think you are showing a morbid sensitiveness on the' eubieet'.'" 'Morbid, indeed !' said Archie, with un accustomed vehemence. . ' It is easy enough for you, who have never seen anything of the sort to talk that -way; but when one thinks of the horrcr of it all." of ;tho shrieks of dying wretches round you, and'the agonized faces, and the horrible sensation of death creeping up to you, in spite of your self if yott had know all this, I say you-wcrald be glad enough to blot it out of your memory forever.' ' I daresay I ehould, old fellow,' said Feliz, gently. ' Y»'eli, we had better get away from here as soon as possible, as you are strong enough, and we will go to some place where nobody knows anything about us.' 'Yes, that would be the best way,"- Raid Archie, with an air of evident relief; 'and you will not tell anyone that I was in the shipwreck -when we go to another place, will you ? i 'I didn't tell them this time,' said Felix, ' but it leaked out somehow. The further we go eastward the more likely we are to.be known.' But Archie, in his egotism, and Felix, with his usual want of self- consciousness, never suspected th?t it was not after all, the shipwrecked man who excited in terest so much as the grave; darkbrowed stranger, -who had come from England to find his friend. Mr. Hyde's search for Archie was generally supposed to have been accom panied by unheard-of difficulties .and dangers, • but he waa not* capable of being lionized, as Archio was, and therefore • escaped all sus picion of the troth. Felix was scarcely surprised to find himself awakeuc-d th-.t night by the strangled cry of nightmare from Archie's bed. It was mor8 like the delirium of fever than an ordinary nightmare, and it vra3 sometime before Archie was quieted. This had occurred two or three times before, and any mention of the painful iucideatfi of the ships-reck caused it to rcc^r. Felix began to notice tnth lesssnrprise than edealiSc interest, that Archie's crcirss alTrsys assumed one foriD. He was altars struggling or . shrinking froii; some terrible enemy, —hose clutches he seemed to dread. There was always the ssme suggestion of im placable ver.ge&nce;, always the same fearfc! dread of what would happen if be were Cip ro red by this foe. Felix sometimes rendered whether he Trtr.i no: personifying in bis dreams"tee relsntlau sea thai'hsd devoured so many victims, ar.d — nether the cruel wave?. — hkh hid sucked sway the survivors one by one. as thc-y clucg to the rigging after the wreck, did cot transform thsEssslres io Archie's Eidaigh': vision; to scpensatural beings —ith crue; cjc= of hate and greedy, clutching hands. H« did his t-es: to save his friend from cnriotB inquirers, and be was glad at last to reach s pkee where nob-cdy seemed to have ; heard ofa shipwreck, and where n&one; mani fested any special interest in himself or Archie. This a quiet little hotel in the mountains, where-summer b.arders—chiesy artists—were taken in wirhcut rr.ut-h interest or curiosity : ar.d in the fresh, keen air, end healthy, balsamic breath gi the pine vc-oas, Archies health besescei considerably. Here they received letters from South minster, sod Felix soon sa~ ths.: Marjory's letters to her husbr.nd worked a change which all his persuasions had cot been able to effect. Archie suddenly declared that he —anted" nothing ec much as to get back to England, that he did not mind the sea voyage, and that he was ccit-e strong enough za proseed -with further delay. Felix encouraged farm in this dL-.positt&a;, and the result —as that they found themselves once more in New York, before the slimmer was over; took their berths, and prepared to start as scon as twsdbls. While in 2>ew York, Felix was "visited. by his old friend, 3Ir. 0>K/tt. who congratulated fcim warmly on the successof h-U egorts, -and sheared himself friendly, though with a sort of cautions friendliness, to Archie. Felix' divined certain vasce suspicions on Jlr. Oleott's part and he vras more irritated than he liked to show. Archie. moreover, took a some—hat vehement dislike to the 2\ew Ycrk lawyer. and this fact prevented Felix froa: askirg him to spend the evening with him, as he weald vtherwise asve dene. He had, therefore, scarcely any time in which to make inquiries about Jerry St&ngways;, for he did not vast to reccr to the subject of the wreck m Archie's presence sere than was avoidable. He hid only rime to ej at "the last moment how Mr. Sirangways was getting on. 1 Excellently,' said Mr. Olcott, witlj a little touch of complacency. ' He broke down shortly after yen mi him, and had z sharp attack of brain fever. Since his recovery be has tried to. break himself of his drinking habits, and I mas: say, with considerable sccess. His brain is in scc'n a ticklish condi tion thattheleast excess makes him ungovern able ; in fact, he becomes a raging lunatic as soon as he is drank. Some friends of mine m-.de a subscription for him, and set him up in a little business of his oto, —here he is doing well. I should not wonder if he were a rich man yet.' ' Does be ever speak of the man who took the lifebelt from his daughter *<' . . .'.2»o, he maintains an impenetrable silence on that point. I should hope,'" said Sir. Olcott, shrugging his shoulders, ' that the poor devil was either- drowned or would never see the face of Jerry Strangways again.' * 5 7,"ho was the man you was speaking of V said Archie, when Mr. Olcott, had gone. ' I caught a few words about a fellow that had had brain fever.' ' Yes," one of the survivors of the wreck,-' said Felix, with some hesitation. 'He was very ill for a time, but they say he is better now.' ' Confound the wreck'' said Archie, irritably. We are always hearing something about it. Was this man one of the crew ? 'ISo, a steerage passenger,' said Felix, gravely. ' The man's name was Strangways.' He had forgotten for the moment that Strangways was known on board as Jeremiah Strong. 'I don't know the name,' said Archie with a curious air of relief. 1 But there were plenty of cantankerous old fellows on board.' * This man had a daughter,' Felix beaan, thoughtfully, and he amazed at the sudden passion with which Archie flung him self away, exclaiming :— ' Heavens and earth i Was that such a remarkable phenomenon ? I wish people would learn to talk of something better than teat shipwreck ; it makes me sick to hear of it.' ' T don't often of it to you,' siid Felix, gooJ-liUuiui'eu!y, 'but I must say, Archie, I wish you would overcome your sen sitiveness a littl», because it will be impos sible^ to prevent your friends in England from questioning you.' ' My friends rnrsy go to the devil •' Baid Archie, hotly. 'I won't be ques tioned about it, and I shall let- them know that pretty soon. What . fools people are ' Do they actually think there is anything pleasant in the remembrance of people drowning around you f 'Archie has raore feeling than I should have given him credit for,'" Felix reflected, ' but I dare say 1 h=ive often been unjust ' to I him. He has usually such a light indifferent manner, that one. imagines him to be care less. I see that it is probably the veil which conceals a sensitive nature.' He put it in this .way to himself because he chose to think as well of Archie as possible, buthe might have questioned whether, the sensitiveness of which he spoke did not pro ceed from Archie's nerves rather than from Archie's tenderness of heart. ' At last we are off,' saiii Felix, next morn ing, as be stood with his friend on the deck of the steamer that was to take them to Eng land. ' We are not off yet,' said Archie, a little gloomily. ' We.have not started.' ! THey are pullina up . the gangway,' said Felix. 'There . ia Mr. Olcott, you see. f I am glad he came to Eee us off.' ; . Archie turned to look at the lawyer, who had just bidden them good-bye, and who now, standing on the wharf, lifted his bat to them wi:h ceremonious courtesy. i At that moment there was a little stir of excitement in the crowd.. A man had come tearing down the wharf as if his life def-_ pended on his punctuality. He seemed to be bent on gaining the vessel bound for Eng land. But the gangway bad just been taken up, and he had. a moment's passionate con verse with the officials in charge of it.' If lie had been a passenger they would probably have lowered it again, but it seemed that he had no intention of sailing for England, and therefore the officials shook their heads in reply to his entreaty, whatsoever that might have been. " ' ; 'Why,' said Felix, suddenly, ' it's Strang- ways !' 'Strangways,' said Archie, dreamily, ' and who's Strangways ? he had turned his back to the wharf, and was looking seaward,' with a cigar between hi3 lips,' but Felix's excla mation caused him to turn roimd'ag'ain. ' Why,' said Felix, ' Strangways is the man I told you about that was saved from the shipwreck. Look ; do you know him1' ' Why should I know him?' 6aid Archie, ir ritably. ' I was scarcely ever out of -berth-the whole time with sea sickness, jl don't suppose I ever set eyes on him 1' How ever, he turned and looked. Jerry Strangways was still holding excited colloquy with the officials who had been in charge of the gangway. His soft felt hat was pushed back, his grizzled beard made hiiri a noticeable figure in the strong light of the August sen. He seemed strangely excited, the nearest members of the little crowd on the wharf, half jeering, half sympathetic, had to hold his aims, or he would almost have dashed into the water in a vain attempt to rcach the vessel, which had now [made the first movement on her ocean way. 1 'We have started,'said Felix, glancing at Archie. ' What is the matter, man ? You look as if you had seen a ghost!' Archie's face had grown deadly white, his hands clutched the bulwarks tightly, and his' eyes seemed as if they were starting out of his head. The cigar had fallen from his lips, and lay smouldering on the white deck at his feet. Astonishment, dismay, and even fear—actual craven foar—were depicted on his ashen face. As he stood in this way, confronting the wharf, it seemed as though Strangways for the first time caught sight of the two English passengers. The paddle-wheels were beg inning i.o turn rapidly, and the steamer alrprxly iv>nt-inrr wifh majestic swiftness. There was a space of green water between the ship and the wharf across which the sound of voices could barely travel, but Felix, uncomprehending, iitw oirangway's face grow livid, saw him throw up his arms, and burst into a torrent * af speech, which seemed to consist of execra- ; iion or reproach. Finally he dropped on his i kiicos, aud with izLis siili r<^cd his, head, seemed as if ha were invoking the veD-; geaiiii cf heaven upon the departing tel and all it contained. Felix saw the awe stricken faces of the crowd. The man had evidently banished laughter by his savage earnestness. List of all. although the scene was growing vaguer, he distinguished the figure of Mr. Olcott cleaving a way through the crowd, to lay his hand on Strangway's shoulder : and Felix drew a breath of "relief. jlrT O'eott would understand • the oid man, and would probably be able to calm him, even if he were possessed by that demon cf drink, which sometimes made him, as the lawyer had said, like a raving lunatis. He turned again to Archie and laid his hand on the yocng man's am, attributing his pallor and change of expression to the horror that usually seized him when any thing connected with the wreek was brought to his notice. ' Come, Archie,5 he said, ' pull yourself to gether. Thst is probably the list yoa will see cf the ' Aurora' passengers.' ' I hope it may be,' fell froo Archie's lips, with a dull sound, suggestive of suffering. "Felix glanced at him sharply. This sensi tiveness of Archie's amounted almost to a aise-ise. Was his brain a little unhinged by the experiences he had passed through on board ths ' Aurora'! Feiix began to wonder whether the system of keeping silence on the subject did not merely tend to foster an un healthy secrerivcness on Archie's part, and he made an attempt to spe-ak naturally con cerning the scene which they had just wit nessed. • 'I wonder whs: that poor old man wanted < he said. 'Perhaps he simply wanted to so eat to me. I sen: him money by Oicott/ * ' You sent him money V .ejaculated Archie. .. ' Yes. Why not Y»I was sorry for him. He hr.d lest all he possessed, and was almost penniless.' ' Then why not lei him die ^outright, and be done- with I cried Archie, passionately. ' Why drag on an existence When nothing but misery and madness is left ?. 'You know the old reilow, then ? said Felix. 'You know something of his his tory V Archie crew a long breath, and .the grasp of his hands on the rail relaxed".,^ 'I heard something of him on board. He is mad, mad as a hatter !' " f, ' He lost his daughter nnder verj shocking circumstances,' began Felix, but Archie instantly interrupted him. •Then he isn't the-man I mean. The man I am speaking of never had a daughter. Sir eyes must have been deceived.' 'My man's name,' said Felix, 'is Strang- ways.' ' Then it could not be the same,' said Archie, eagerly, ' though st a little distance the resemblance was somewhat close. The man I-knew was not called Strangways at alL' '.Was. he called Strong V said Felix, quietly.. * Again Archie's- face assumed _ its ashen tint. 4 Ho— did you know that he said. • Because Strangways and Strong were the same man,' said Felix, cheerfully, and. he ana his daughter were on the ' Aurora.'' ' Haven't I told you often enough not to pester me about the ' Aurora I' said Archie, with irritability, which Felix, pardoned on account of his whitening lips and wild wandering eyes. ' You know I can't bear to • hear of it. The very thought of it, it some times seems to me, will send me mad !' and Kith.that he quitted his position by the bul warks, and made his way to the eabin, with out casting a look behind. Felix remained on deck for some time longer, looking, as he felt, somewhat anxious and troubled ; and reflecting that he did not understand Archie's state of mind at all. CHAPTER XXXIV. It was on a fine September morning, when Marjory bent her steps from Redwood Hall to:the cottage where the Pawsons resided. She had not been near them for some time, for their criticisms and questions had been singularly unwelcome to her during the period of trial and suspense that she had just gone through." Kow that she' had better news to tell them, she felt that she could run the risk of encountering their comments. Mrs. Pawson and Selina were much the same as ever, but one important change had tuv r-. IT P. TT£lo dead. She had not survived rhe east Trinds of spring, and it could not be said that her death had been a matter of deep regret with her mother aud sister, Mrs. Pawson and Selina looked at these things from a business point'of view. Marjory stepped from the glories of a sweet September day into the stuffy little cottage, where aii was dark and securely barred, as in the months of winter. As she stood for a moment at the door, she heard the whirr of Selina's sewing machine, and also, whenever-it paused,- -in-some distant region, the sweeter sound of a yoang girl's voice, singing softly to herseif. ; That must be Jenny Chad wick, the servant,'' thought' Marjory, with a little smile. ' I am glad she can sing, poor thing. I don't think I ever sang when I lived with Aunt Maria.' She knocked at the inner door and entered, and was received by her relations in their usual ungracions way; but this time, partly because it was a visit of condolence, and partly becauseshe was curious to hear wharMarjory had -to say, Selina stopped her sewing machine. ' Weil, Marjory,'" said Mrs. Pawson, ' I'm glad to see you at last, though I think that con sidering all things, you- might have come a little earlier, seeing that its now September, and that poor Kate was taken from us; in June.' 'Ic6ul know, Aunt Maria,' said Marjory, with 2 faint flush on her delicate cheek.- : ' Well, periiaps not,' said Mrs. Pawscn ; ' though. I think you might- have sent round a little more regular, to know how she was getting oh; However, she's dead now, and v,c can't repine, iiougu ia&uy;'n the time I'v e said to her, ' if it would please the Almighty God to take you, Kate, I'm sure "there's no one would be .better pleased than me, for you'd be a eight happier there than here." ' What did' Kate , say to that V asked Marjory, marvelling at this plain speaking. Kate: weren't pious,' eaid Selina, taking up the" tale." 1 She eaid'she'd a deal' rather stay here. -Mother asked her many, a? time : . 'Don't yon want, to. go, Kate?'- anS, Kate always said No,'I don't." . >t ' Poor Kate,' sighed Marjory....i 1 But • she got a littlfe better: towards the end of" the time,' said Sirs. Pawson, I as she ought to hive dor.t,' tcr/Mr. Druaimopd, he came to see her, and he talked mogt; fceatiti* ful, and Mr. Beilby, : he-used to: read to her, and Miss Helen" brought her flowers and . grapes and things. As I says to her, ' Kate, I sayB, 1 there'll- never be such...a /fuss made about you ag£in.' Don't . you get better, my girl,' says T- to her, ' or youH feel the the difference.'- ; : - : 'And at last.' said ; Selina",../'after mother had been ...talking' to her; she says, 'Well, thore's one comfort, Miss Helen 6ayB there are many mansions up there,-and bo it is quite possible than we may each have one to. ourselves if we wants to; and in that'case,"' says Kate,' .'I shan't, have to live along-;with jou mother.' So'I think irhe was resiKned-tcrirornBrati:he last:' • ' Have you still got that girl, Jenny Chail rnjrtV 9' nf-lrpfl V>t» fVp ^r">y -i''-. ing the subject, vrhioh she felt to be a little painful. ' I thought I heard her singing as I came in.' '• ' ' Singing! I daresay,' said Selina, c that's the way she wastes her time, the good-for nothing slut.' i 'I have long thought we should have to disperse Jenny Ohadwick,'said MrsPawson, elegantly, ' she's begun to pub od airs, whiijh I consider very unbecoming to her position. She's heard from some relations of hers in Exeter. They talk of asking her to go and live with them. Much good may they get from their bargain. There -was a girl called Mary Strong, as Trent duvrn in the very steamer that your husband went by, Marjory, and has left nobody to fill her place, and Jenny Chadwick, being a cousin, ur something, they said she might aa well go there and be 'prenticed for a bir, if she liked'; so Miss Jenny seems to think her fortune':; made, though, as I tell her, she'll have to bo have very different if she means to give satis faction to people who are more particular than I am. There's talk too of an uncle, or somebody in America, but I don't believe in uriclcs in America for my part, and T fo]i .Jr.nny cim'rt better ?t?.r in a ges'l phec when .'jhe's get one, rind t must say that the wreck of that ship was a lesson to all who wants to go stravaging about. What news have you from your husband, Marjory ?' ' He ims telegraphed from Queenstown, said Marjory, with an irrepressible Ihsh of joy in her eves, ' go you see the vvoist of ihe voyage is over, and we may expect them hems w-s^rrss.' ... j Quee=stpwn > and where nay thai be ? i iiiu Mrs^iPa-siEBE, slosly. ' jo: .that it j matters, p^rticalarlj, fdr-I suppose is^s just J an... islanfysw^her^' "with a telegraphic J office on it An, well, there's some . distance betweenthat and Liverpool. I take it thai there's no knowine what accident may happen before be gets there.' - — - ■ ' Queenstown is on an island, . certainly,' said Marjory, vritfc bee&mir.g; gravity ; ' It's in Ireland,--you know, Aunt Maria, so they. haven't very f-.r to come.' ' It_was a very rough nighi last night,' said Mrs. Pawson, comfortingly. ' There was a picture we used to have : do yoa know where it's gone to, Selina ?—called 'The Sailor's Re turn.' A young woman, sitting on a rock, like as you might be yourself, looking out at sea, and the ship going down in sight of j land. ' I don't see why it should be called ' The Sailor's Return,' then," said Marjory, indig nantly. ing a brisk turn to her sewing machine, ' and in the other his corpse was- lying out on the sands, having been washed up by the wares at her feet. Marjory shuddered a little. She was sensi tive on the subject of storms and shipwrecks, after all the anxiety she had endured on account of Archie's disappearance, but she answered cheerfully — ' I think it is most probable now that Archie will have landed, or at any rate will land early to-morrow morning, if not to-night. I daresay'I shall have another telegram from Liverpool.' -- ■ ■ t must say it was a very oaa tnmg, yonr husband going on as he did,' said Mrs. Paw son, significantly. ' I have heard a deal of talk about it, I can tell yon, and now that Mr. Hyde's taken the trouble to go to America and bring him back I hope you will talk to him for his good, Marjory, and warn, him against doing anything of the same sort again. ""Do yon mean against going to America again, Aunt Slaria V said Marjory, with spirit. ' Tu&t; will depend on the opening there, and upon his wishes.' ~ ~ "•That is not at all what I mean,' said Mrs. Pawson, with dignity. ' It is very well known that there was something wrong at the bank, though nobody could say for cer tain what it was, but what you must do is what I have done many a time by my poor husband ; that is, deal faithfully with him; for the good of his soul, and tell him (as many a time I've woke my husband up in the middle of the night to tell him) that he'd a going on the downward path, and will barn in heil for ever and ever if he don't mend his ways.' 'It's my belief,'said Selina, 'that Mar jory's little better than an unbeliever, and don't take no count of such things.' ' ^Tever mind what I believe,' said Mar jory, coaxingly, 'I want you to be glad that Archie is safe and .well, and so I've brought you a little present, Aunt Maria, from my-; self,'arid this is from the Hall as well,' and she placed.a basket on the table, at the same time slipping a few coins into her aunt's hand in .a surreptitious manner, as if she. were ashamed of the gift. - But Mrs. Pawson was not at all ashamed. She opened her hand immediately,- and sur veyed the coins upon her palm. ' Five golden sovereigns, I declare !' she said, frankly. 'VTell, I hope you've come by it- hone=t:!y,-Marjory.— I've no doubt it'll be useful.' ' Of course it's honest,' said Selina, rather sharply. She was - msre keenly alive than her mother to the disadvantages of offending-! .Marjory, '3nd I'm sure we're very much obliged to her for it, and for what she's given me, too,' she added, with a sharp nod, in tended to express gratitude, as a transfer was also effected from Marjory's hand to her own. ' I suppose she don't expect me to go down on my bended knees and say, . ' thank you, mum,'' said Mrs. Pawson, in a transoortnf wounded feeling, 4 which is .my owp sister's child, and ought to do what she can for her 1 poor aunt, as brought her up,, and fed and eddicnic-d her for years and years. I'm sure she don't expect it of me, arid if she did expect it she wouldn't get it, that's all I can say.' ' I don't expect it, Aunt Maria,' said Mar jory, half laughing. I wanted you to have something tit intuiitultnf- Archie's return- by, co now, good-bye, and 111 bring him to 3ee you soon, shall I ? and someone else A3 well. You've never seen him yet, you know,' and Marjory's eyes brightened as she spoke, while even Mrs. Pawson and Selina were visibly softened. Mrs. PawEon walked with her to the garden gate, giving her much advice respect ing the. management of men and things, and as.Marjory hastened back to-the- Hall she felt some relief at the thought that the long deferred visit had at last been paid! It was not until late the following after noon that Felix Hyde drove up from the station, accompanied by a gentleman whom Southminster and" Redwood failed to recog nise, so gaunt and hollow-eyed, and fragile had he been rendered by long continued ill ness. He was muffed up to the eyes, in epite of the warmth cf the balmy September day, and even the servants who assisted him to descend, and who were, as a rule, decidedly unsympathetic in their speech of the man whom they designated 'Miss Marjory's husband,' were touched with pity when they saw how feebly he moved, and how difficult it seemed to him to get up the flight of -step3 wbich led from the drive to the hall door. Marjory did not meet him in the hall. She was waiting for him in a little sitting-room upstairs, and. Felix led him thither and then turned " away ; ' but he" could not fail to hear the cry of joy with which Marjory greeted her husband, after hia six months' absence, and he could not help seeing, for just one moment, tbe cling ing embrace in which husband and wife were joined at that first moment of their meeting. Felix turned away a little discouraged,^ and sick at heart. • He r also ha'd be'en' months away from England, and had toiled through many dangers and difficulties to find Archie and to bring him home again, but Marjpry had not one word for him now, had' not remembered even to give him a single look. Ho plodded down the stairs with something of the old resentment/which used to surge up. in his heart when'hSMncle showed him any injustice in his boyhood. But he had not reached the bottom of the stairs before be beard a voice calling him and a step behind him. Looking round, he saw Marjory, who, with glowing, beaming face, and eye3 filled with happy tears, had followed him. 'DearJ?elix !' she said ;7* forgive me for not seeing fctvafc you were there." I thought you were coming in. I want to tell you without any delay how happy you have made me, and how grateful I. am to .you. Come back and see Archie. I have not,r with a joyful laugh, 'sprung inyrgreat sur prise upon bim yet.' • ' 16hallseeyou later,' said Felix,-hurriedly. ' He will be glad to have you to himself for a little while, and you ate a happy now,' Marjory ?' • - 'Quite happy,': she; said, f except for seeing bim look so ill. What a terrible time he must have had ! How he must -have suffered !' ' You will soon bring him round 'to health and strength,' said Felix. ' Don't let 'me keep you from him, dear. I have a lot of things to do and, must go and see about them at oec2.' He left her with a kindly smile, aiid Marjory flew up the stairs again, with a step to 'which love and joy seemed to have given wings. Archie had been left alone" for a few minutes ; ho was established in a cosy chair by a crackling little fire, and was looking about him with a feeling" thai" he had never known beforejiow.much English iomelife was to be appreciated, when he heard the door open, and he knew that Marjory had re turned. 'And now,' slio said gently, 'here is my surprise,' and before Archie could object, something, he scarcely knew what, a mass of muslin find lace it" seemed to him, was put down upon-his knee, and he became aware that inside tho bundle there was a red-faced, dimpled creature, with a bald head, who stared- ab-hiin idiotically, and said-' Goo.' ' Three mouths old ta-ilay,' said Marjory, triumphantly, ' and I would not let anybody teli you, even when I know that you were corning home. 1 thought I would keep it as a surprise.' ~"1 A surprise, indeed,' said Archie, looking at the little creature, as if ho scarcely knew whether to be gratified or alarmed. ' It's a rery rno baby, i-?r.'t it, ]iforjcry '!' he asked, awkwardly, putting out- one linger and touch ing the dimpled cheek.' ' Why do yc" call 'limit?' said Maijory -ather iiuHgr.r.r.tly. 1 lour son and iieir, sir ! isn't lie a beauty Ihere, come to me, my irecious. Did his father make him cry then !' md Marjory gathered the bundle ii.to her .rms with a motherly tenderness which made .ArcawrWitiijriti a new feeling" of pride and pleiSlire. «* r~3'"' • k _.' It's a Eewlh&fetwef.iras;^heiniajinured, ["rfcen he and Msijory werestoas-agsirci' and •it makes me feelhow very badly Fve-bahs red | to you, ilarjorr, and ' | ' Oh, you must not talk about tfce past no's-,' said Marjory, sealing bis lips with 3 kiss: 'Irs sll forgotten, and we are going to make a fresh stsrt. Ycru are not to think j for a moment cf the days that are gone, j-And there-is another—surprise preparing—? I you, — inch you 3re net to know of until to ! morrow. . . . j ' I want no more surprises I r.m quite con tent with wh3t I have,'" ;3:d Archie, possess ing himself of one of her hands, and drawing her nearer to hire. ' Are you sure that you realise what a broken- down wreck I am, Marjory ? Many a time I have thought I should never see yon again.' •That used to be my fear too,' she whis pered, •' but it's over now. You are with me, and nothing shall separate us again except death!' 'Dcn't say the word,' he said, shuddering a little, as if it called up visions which he would gladly banish from his mind. ' Irs an ugly word, an usly thing ; let us fonret that it exists, and be happy while we may.' This was not in accordance with Marjory's philosophy. She had that open-eyed courage vhieh d.ires to accept the facts of death and sorrow as insomesGrta payment for joys which are almost too divine for beings of earthly mould. With Archie, the case was different. He was anxious to make the most of the sweetness of life, and tried to increase it by shutting his eyes to the fact that it was short. ; 'We ate together, now, at any rate,' said Marjory, leaning her head against his shoulder contently, ' and I raind nothing else so long as I have you !' • V (To fee corixinutd.) n 