SPORTING. THE TURF, Tko turf jo this colony will shortly lore one of Its best supporters, Mr. E. 12. A. Oatloy having determined upon another trip j to England, and he purposes leaving in j March next. Mr. Oatley is largely inter- j ested in squatting pursuits, which is chiefly . the object of his removal to the old country . and as his stay there will in all probability j extend over a period of three years, he has | decided to dispose of Warwick Farm race- j course and buildings, the whole of his ; stock, including racehorses, mares, foals, etc., and his house and landed properties, particulars of which will shortly bo an- i nounccd. Mr. Oatley has been a consist- | ent supporter of the turf for a good many j years without mooting with much success, . and at such a time his defection will be felt. | Mr. T. S. Clibborn's sale of sires and | racehorses yesterday was well attended, but not by bidders or buyers, and in con sequence only a small percentage of the lots offered found new owners. Those which did so were:— B h Slanmoor, -1 yrs., by Ingome.r — Onyx, Mr. "Furdy," 191 guineas; eh e Whitford, 1 yrs., by Norden- . feidt— Kasaolia. Mr. W. P. Crick, 8Ggs.; cb g Rex, aged, bv Qoldsbrough. Mr. R. Wal- . iter, 22g?.; b m Cradle. 4 yrs.. by Oozo— Ctinnen, <5gs., subject to owners approval; eh g Deninan, aged, by Chester — Goldfinch, Mr. Mahony, 2Sgu.; b g Musk. 3 yrs., by Musk Rose— Claudia. tMr. U. O'Connor, 25gs.; and b f 3 vrs.. by Xewmiimlor— De votee, Mr. Confoy, 22gs. The lots passed in included The Miner, Sniletta, Cuckoo. Distaff, Vesta, Fernando, and Grandwmg (50gs.). Some little time back a paragraph ap- I peared in an American paper stating that Mr. C. B. Lowe was endeavoring to arrange a series of International contests among the best horses of Australia, America, and Eng land, and It gave out that lie selected Buc- cleugh as one of the six best horses then in tho colonies. It was pointed out in these columns that Buccleugh was not a worthy representative, and the question . was aaked why did Mr. Lowo Include that | gelding in preference to a horse of Mar vel's calibre? Since then Mr. Lowe bas ex- , plained that Brocklolgli, not Buccleugh, wa3 Intended as one of his team, and be went on to say that tho Vriter who pulled his selection to pieces should have paused to consider whether Buccleugh's name might not have been substituted by the type- setter for the Newcastle champion. According to this, then, those who read the inspired par must be in doubt as to whetber he really meant Loyalty, Jeweller, Paris, Carnage, and Bungcbah, the other members of his team, as they, too, might be inventions of the enemy. Australians will, however, be pleased to learn that Mr. Lowe has set himself straight In one in stance, and intended selecting Brockleigh before Buccleugh, but until the explanation was vouchsafed they were not to know it any more than his readers were to know j that some other horse, and not Grand i Flaneur, was intended in his article writ ten some years ago on the V.R.C. Derby, In that never to be forgotten half-column Mr. Lowe pointed out how futile it was for Mr. W. A. Long to persevere with Grand Flaneur. According to his reckoning Grand Flaueur was only likely to bo a brilliant mile and a quarter horse in first- class company. "There was nothing in bis shape to prevent him staying." wrote Mr. Lowe, "but with such a combination of stout blood on his dam's side he would be much astonished if Grand Flaneur ever evinced a fondness for distance." Yet Grand Flaneur never was beaten, and after the article In question he won V.R.C. Derby, 1% miles; Melbourne Cup, 2 miles; V.R.C. SL Leger, 1% miles and 132 yards; and Champion Race, 3 miles. Grand Flan eur, who is now in the Hobartville Stud, was unquestionably the best borse of bis day over all distances. Tho racehorses Roseleaf, Menanglo, and Hands Up have been turned out for a spell. The two-year-old colt by Sir Oliver from Ouida is said to bo as big as Philip Augus tus was at that age, but better looking. Ho is being prepared at "Wagga Wagga. Mentor, Melbourne Cup winnor, who was sold at Melbourne a few days ago for 500 guineas, will do stud duty at Wagingober- embe, in the Wagga Wagga district. Booval, who won Q.T.C. Turf Club and Exhibition Handicaps reccntly.is a six-year- old horse, by Buckthorpe from My Lady, by Vespasian from First Lady (imp.), by St. Albaus. A race meeting for ponies and galloways will take place to-morrow at Moorefield. The annual general mooting of Victorian Club will be held to-day, and immediately after a special meeting of tho members will take placo to consider tbo action of the committee in expelling Messrs. Grim- wood and Arofleld for refusing to sever their connection with Bowes's Tnttersall's Club. It will bo interesting to learn the opinion of the members generally on the question. Crawford Priory dropped dead while being shipped on the s.s. Australia at New Zealand recontly. He was 10 years old, and a full brother of Guesswork's. Tlio following races, to be run at Llllie Bridge, require to be entered for to-mor row night: — Aug. ISth: 100yds. Ped. Hep.; 12.2% to 12.3%, 4 f.; 13.0 to 13.2%, 4 f . ; Aug. 20th: 12.0 to 12.1. 3 f.; 13.0 to 14.0, 5 f.; 12.3 to 13.0, 4 f.; Trot, 14 and under; 12.1% to 12.2%, 4 f. Aug. 22nd: One Mile All- comers' Bicycle Hep., 11.1 to 11.2, 3 f.; 12.1 to 12.1%, 4 f.; 11.3% to 12.0, 3 f., of 10 sovs. each. Tho Sydney trotter Plain Bill was en tered a few days ago, without his owner's authority, for Aspendaie Park Trot, and the matter was brought under the notice of the Victorian Trotting Association. Plain Bill's owner stated that that horse was under offer for sale at the time, but in consequence of his being badly handi capped the bargain was not completed. The V.T.A. authorities advised him to take legal advice. A writer in the London "Referee" de voted considerable space recently to the doings of the Anti-gambling League, and pointed out that while their action might affect the smaller fry of speculators It could not possibly reach the big ones. He said, "My Lords, Dukes, and Admirals can afford to see the little-uns robbed of a chance to risk a dollar, because such pro hibition need not carry with it interference with their own nodding privileges. During the agitation by tbe no-sport party not one leading turfman, or one jockey club member of weight, has had tbe pluck to speak up to the effect that he likes racing and likes betting, and thinks all and sun- , dry should be allowed to follow the same bent if they please. The little-uns may go anywhere for all tho blg-uns do, and so tho world wags, to tho advantage of the meddling, muddling, mutual admiration in terference crew." The same writer tackles Lord Rosebery in the following terms: — "As for Lord Rosebery, his diplomatic evasion of tho main issue is most regret table. On the subject of betting, he de clares that he sees no degradation in own ing a good horse. Further tackled as to wagering, he calls up the ghost of Oliver Cromwell to take his part. Now, if tho Premier had said, 'I like to own a good horse; Ladas is a good one; I like to back my horses if I think they will win; I thought Ladas would win, and got a jolly good price about him, too!' we would all admire him for his backbone — an article he does not carry about with him. I wish wo had good old Pam. in the chair now. That judicious bottleholder would have 'up and said' something with a bit of grit in it. Now we haven't one — no, not one, in the Upper House, in the Lower House, tho Jockey Club, or anywhere else — not a single solitary racing magnate who will out with 'I bet because I choose. What have you got to say against that, my good man?' " The general settlement of bets yesterday proceeded quietly, and no serious com plaints were recorded. An exchange is responsible for the fol lowing:— "Lord William Berosford has sig nalised his last (lays In India by a lucky stroke of speculative business. He bought tho Ladas clmnce for a lakh of rupees from a military officer who had drawn the horse in the great Umballa sweep. The price paid was a long one, representing close upon £6000 of English money, but the value of the winning horse in tho sweepstake was not far short of two lakhs, so that it is probable the popular military secretary of the Viceroy has netted £5000 by tbe transaction." Entries for Tattersall's Club races, to be run on' the 1st prox. at Randwick, will close on Monday next. The prize money totals 500 sovs., and is equally distributed over five events. Australia's premier horseman across country, "Tommy" Corrigan, has been ad ded to the long list of victims to steeple- chasing in the colonies, the injuries lie met with at Caulfleld on Saturday having prov ed fatal yesterday. No hope of recovery was entertained from the time of tho acci dent, the "little Irishman" being dread fully knocked about, in addition to having his brain lacerated, so that tho announce ment of his death will not come as a sur prise. As a horseman over country, Cor rigan was without a superior in the colo nies. He was possessed of a splendid seat, head, and hands, and despite the numerous falls and smasliings he met with at differ ent times, lost none of that nerve and dash which made him famous many years ago. For a decade or more Corrigan was always in the front rank of cross country horse- men, and probably steered more winners over timber than any other member of the profession, among which were Sir Peter lr. V.R.C. Grand National Hurdle Race; Great Western, Wyniiet, and Game in V.R.C. Grand National Steeplechase; and Left Bower, Game, and Sir Wilfred in CaulileiO Grand National Steeplechase, and he had well earned the title of the prince of steeplechase riders. Some years ago he was closely identified with Mr. Martin Loughlin, erf Bullarat, in whose colors he won many races, and it is n strange coinci dence that at the time Corrigan received the injuries which proved fatal his old patron was lying dangerously ill. Corrigan leaves a widow and young family. Wc have received a copy of the Weekly Turf Guide, containing placed performances during tho past three months of horses engaged to run at Canterbury Park on Saturday next, and it is issued at Id per copy. It should prove invaluable to pun ters. Aconc from Flying Handicap, and The Captain, Memali, and Checkmate from Can terbury Handicap are tho withdrawals made In connection with next Saturday's races at Canterbury Park. Attempts were made yesterday to push speculation on the big events of the spring, but they ended in failure. Shamrock has been struck out of Epsom Handicap, and Noil Gow a:Al Mirrldong from A.J.C. Derby and Sixth Biennial Stakes. During the season just concluded In New Zealand T. Connop was the most successful Jockey, having ridden 31 winners in 82 mounts. J. Gallagher rode 27 winners, T. Ruddieomhe 25, H. M'llrcy 24, atid W. Pvne, F. Duvis, F. Kingan, A. M'Cormick, S. Lindsay, C. Jenkins, and J. Loughlin \S each. During the same term there were 25 totalisator dividends higher than £20. The biggest was £285 17s, and next to it were £99 ISs, £81 18s, £74 4s, £G2 2s, £55 lGs, and £52 4s. j Death has been busy of late among ! thoroughbreds in New Zealand, and the equines to disappear from the scene in clude Farewell (dam of Au Revoir), Misfor tune ,(by Towton — Regalia), and Scotsman, by Ascot — Vera. A number of persons had lines recorded against them at tho Central Police Court yesterday for breaches of tho Betting Houses Suppression Act. I The Sydney Hunt Club hounds will meet 1 at Rooty-hill on Saturday next on the ar rival of 9.25 a.m. train from Sydney, and < as Mr. Fitzsimmons is making orrange- 1 inents to turn a deer down on that date, good sport is anticipated. ; Messrs. William Inglis and Son will com mence their 15th annual sale of stud horse stock at their bazaar to- day, and conclude ! it to-morrow, beginning at 11 a.m., and such an important distribution should not bo lost sight of by those who may be in terested. The catalogue is unusually leng thy, and comprises blood. Arab, roadster, hunting, trotting, coaching, draught, and pony stallions, and a trotting mare or two, so that the opportunity should be availed of by breeders of all descriptions of stock wishing to augment their studs. Among the bloods Is Midday, by Noonday; the Arabs include Emir (imp.) and Sellm (imp.), and lower down are met with such celebrl- i tics as Yorkshireman (coacher), Jersey, and | Richmond, by Childe Harold; Vermont Jun ior Third, by Vermont Junior (imp.); Young Childers, by Flying Shales (imp.); Mam- brino, by William Tell; Wentworth, by Lord John; Wlcklow Chief (Imp.), Irish hunting staillon; and Lord Vermont; and the draughts include Young Champion of of- tlie World, Willie Wallace, Laird of Waitati, Scottish Chief, Malcolm of Glammls, Banker, Freetrader, Clan Camp bell, British Lyon, Pride of Richmond, Clydesdale Willie, St. Andrew, and Young Emperor. Details will be found in our business sheets. The following programme, for which entries close on Friday next, has been Issued for Kensington races, to be run on the 23rd inst. : — Hurdle Race (15.0), 25 sovs., second horse 3 sovs. from the pTize, lowest weight 8st. 71b., one mile and a half; Fourteen-one Handicap, 25 sovs., second horse 3 sovs. from the prize, four and a half furlongs; Fifteen Hands Welter Handicap, 25 sovs., second horse 3 sovs. from the prize, four and a half furlongs; Fourteen-two Handicap, 25 sovs., second horse 3 sovs. from the prize, four and a half furlongs; Fourteen Hands Handicap, 20 sovs., second horse 2 sovs. from the prize, four furlongs; and Kensington Handicap (15), 30 sovs., second liorse 5 sovs. from tho prize, six furlongs. A Pony and Galloway Club has been formed at Beillngen. James Hayes was again refused a joc key's license by the V.R.C. committee yes terday. A poll of the members of the V.R.C., on the proposal to reduce the amount of the stakes at suburban race meetings, resulted in 37 members voting for and 78 against tbo proposal. 