THE LATE FRED. LESLIE. RECOLLECTIONS OF GAIETY BURLESQUE. FIRST NOTICE. Amongst tbe books worth reading, upon whioh there is sure to be a run at Mullen's, lew axe likriy to draw Melbourne readers mora than the newly published ReooUectiona of Iked Leslie, by W. S. Vinoent In two handsome volumes, profusely illustrated, an Old friend from boyhood, a journalist andj'oint author with Leslie of his last great enooess. Cinder Ellen Up Too Late, recounts the story of his life from start to finish. His early proclivity for the stage, his suocesses as an amateur, the ruBe by whioh ho suc ceeded io getting bis foot upon the regular boards, bis hardly-won suooess, his triumphs In America, in England and Australia, all are fully reoorded. There is no ibckoi tuuuwue stories to enliven tbe narrative, nor are detail of his home life and private relationship want ing. The picture is given, Cromwell fashion, warts and all, with the result that when yon close the book you fully know the mac, hia strength, his weakness. The lives of great aotors have as books generally been errant failures, faulty in construction, painfully deficient in interest. No uoh complaint can be brought against the present work. Mr Vincent is in fullest sympathy with hissubjeot, knows his story thoroughly, has turned his literary aMIl to such good aocount that from the day of Leslie's birth, let April, 1855, down to the dark December morning, 1S92, when typhoid fever claimed its victim, the in terest never flags. The enforced retirement of Miss Farren, through illness, and the death of Leslie have almost quenohed what admirers called 44 The Sacred Lamp of Gaiety Burlesque." Whether it was ever worth lighting, or worth maintaining at such expenditure of vitality and artUtio genius, may well be questioned. Like many other silly thiogs well done, but 6carce worth the trouble of doing well, it will have its day and cease to bo ; but the life of its high priest and Magnus Apollo is fraught wiin instruction for stage -s track youngsters, and may well give them pause. Strenuous and unremitting toil, an overstrained nervous system, and early death at thirty-seven, seem too high a price to pay even for encoees like Leslie's and a fortune of L1C.OOO. The game was scarcely worth the candle. EARLY LIFE. The Hebsons, of Woolwich, military outfitters in a good way, were not the first, nor are they likely to be the last, of our middle class families devoted to church or chapel, who make the appalling discovery that one of their brood is that rara avis, & born actor. Good Mrs Hobson, left widowed with eight children to bring up, and a busi- nessto manage, succeeded in overythine she undertook, save in arresting her youngest boy's peucbantfor the stage. Good schooling, both at home and afterwards in France, regu lar church-going, maternal expostulations, all failed to stem tbe tide that set so strongly theatre WArd. Tbe churob itself must be credited with some of the respon sibility for having fostered young Fred's dramatic tastes ; for At penny readings and piroshial festivals he won such applanse by bis boyish recitations that in due coarse he found a place amongst the amateurs at tbe Royal Artillery Theatre. Here he chiefly affected old men roles, but on ocoasion wae ready to fly at any game, high or low, that offered. The great ambition of these early d&vs; was to i>lav Lear in a London theatre. nor did this longiog for the higher aod more serious walks of the drama ever desert him ; burlesque was only a road towards a predeter mined goal, the management of a London theatre and serious parte, and for this he was preparing when death closed hie ca reer. AN UNREHEARSED EFFECT. In those Woolwich days the play was one night the popular Colleen Bawn, and Fred Leslie, for he had thus early adopted his nom de theatre, was Danny Mann, the bauchb&ck;, a part he greatly fancied. AU went well until towards the close, when Danny's knowledge of the text gave out. Danny, shot in the cave while tryingto drown tbe Colleen, has been taken to his mother's hat, and there has to confess and give up the ghost in view of the audience. The bed on which Master Fied lay was in the centre of the stage. Poor Danny's tale was told with all the convulsions and muau? which enhance tbe effect of the death struggle : when, lo ! with the final twinge, off came the coverlet, revealing under the bedstead a soldier, lying at full length with a book aod caudle, prompting the actor above bim, line by line. The house roared with laughter, and the cur tain fell rapidly upon the anti-climax. It was fortunate for 44 Mr Fred Leslie" that he had not to show himself again upon the stage that night. 32ARLY DAYS IN STAG ELAND. By the time he was twenty he bad risen in the establishment of Messrs Prater, tbe well- known London army contractors, to a salary of LlOO a year, with tbe certainty of speedy promotion, but in 1878 he threw all this up to accept an engagement to play first eld men at the Royalty Theatre under Miss Kate Santley's management at the princely salary of LI a week. Tbe late Lionel B rough was to star in Paul Pry, and Leslie was the Colonel Hardy. His first appear ance was a dreadful fiasco. To se cure the engagement be professed to know all about the part. In fact, he had pever read it, or even seen the play, but the chance was too good to lose, so he eat np all night to study it, with the result that he was soundly hissed. Confess ing the truth, he begged for another chance so earnestly that Miss Santley at last con sented, and by the third night both manager ess and star were forced to acknowledge that ne waatne oest uoionel liar ay tLey had ever seen. A year's hard work at the Royalty won for the young aspirant tho goodwill of his fellows and the favor of the audience, but by those arbiters of destiny, the critics, he was either ignored or had euoh snippets of praise doled out as might have soured one of less deter mined mettle. Still bo struggled on, making way slowly till in comic opera ha found his feet and became in request. In 1879 he married tho sweetheart of his childhood, Mies Louie Agate, to whom he owed twelve years of happy wadded life, and whose early death just before biB second viaiL to Australia cast a shadow upon the short remnant of hiB oareer. After two years at the Alhambra, where hisealary rose to L12, and finally Llo, he accepted an American engage ment at L25 a week, and there first met with that stimulating en - oooragement, both from the Press snd his audiences, tho laok of which had been so keenly frit in England. There, in five I montbB, he won a position which five years' hard work in England had foiled to ensure, and on his return to England he brought with him a three years' engagement, to begin in August, 1882, at L25 a week first year, L35 second, tod L40 the third. Before Maretmn to A marina, howevw, a ohtoce meeting wid» H. B. Farole, the weU-kno»n librettist of eo many oomio operas, led to to engagement at toe Comedy Theatre to oieete the part of Rio in a serio comic operatic version of Rip Van Winkle at a salary of L25 a week. This was in reality the orowning artiBtio suc cess of Leslie's life. Press and publio were for onoe in fullest accord . The American engagement had to be postponed and for 100 nights Leslie enjoyed his triumph. A SERVANT MAID'S CRITICISM OF HER MASTER. Leslie's servant girl wae sent to see Rip. and daring the Erst not A good-natured neighbor pointed ont her master when he was singing hie Bong, There Little Heads now Golden, whioh ehe followed with interest In the third act when Old Rip oroons toe same Bong" in a faltering, aged voire, but fails to recall it, and breaks down, the maid loft the theatre and went nome. aext way master asked her how ehe had enjoyed the performance. 41 Oh, air, 1 she replied, 44 1 like toe two playe you noted in (meaning toe first two aots), and your song was beautiful ; but after that they played another pieoe (tbe third aot), and eome old man came on and tried to imitate you and to sing your song, tod he forgot the words, and he couldn't do it a bit ; and I wae so glad.44 AT THE TOP OF THE TREE. At th6 end of 100 nightethe management raised his salary to L30 a week, but as toe furore increased beyond expectation, Leslie declined at the end of his nine months engagement to renew it save at an advanoe eo L40. This waa declined, so after 14th July, 1SS3, he took a month's holiday before reviBiting America. There he topped his pre vious sucosss to such a degree that London "Truth" wrote 14 Fred Leslie has gone to America for toe Ealary of a Cabinet Minister, English managers feeling that they could only afford to pay him that of a Seoretary of State." In April, 1864, he returned to England in euoh a state of health that protracted rest was neoessary, and not till oepuiuiuei v utoi jgm uiw returning to the Royul Coroedy Theatre, and to hia old form in Rip ; a lengthened provin cial tour following. To an interviewer ho gave a peep into tho seamy side of his life : 44 If you thick that our book of Life is a kind of gilt edged edition de luxe by oomp&rison; with that of the clever actors of jour local companies who play a score of new pieces every year, you may temper your judgment with mercy by recollecting how exceedingly arduous these burlesque characters are. Tbe frequent changes of dreta and make-up, the d&noing;, the fainting, the constant ebullience of epirit — all this is most exhausting to tbe nervous system, and in my own case has led lo serious illness." But, with all its draw backs, the life was to his taste, and his affec tion for tbe stage never abated. He loved bis work ; he enjoyed it when on the stage, and there wae no subject of thought or con versation more congenial to bim at all times than topics theatrical. Kip Van Winkle came to an end at last, and ihe bard-wrought actor took a holiday trip in France, re- visiting bis old school, and doing Paris. His opinion of French actors and acting is worth transcribing: 44 My so journ in France taught me nothing, or rather only one thing, that the Faris standard of acting is deteriorating. I saw but one per fect piece of acting out of the efforts of about 2£0 artists, aod this from a man at a cheap theatre in a cheap piece." For a second notice we reserve what to our readers will prove the most interesting part Gaiety Company and his two visits to Aus tralia. Jous" Rmn. 