(By Our Speciai. Repoetek.) The sun was very hot oa the Colaus m raeaoouxae yesterday, but the brokoi sadier : '"M ol tee previous few days having iW 3 peared there wax nothing hi den -il! from tee elements which cosld tin ijm aaisted to make tbe snnrt a. arm— mt lin . -- — — - r-- -.wro. ICE attendance was g»3, Hamiltm is nnii fM contributing a large share to the crairt In I8B fact the road from this town teCakaine Wb was fairly lined with vehicles iatti noni. 9| ing, ana from the humble epriogtutto the U four-in-hand dreg they made tssuiitie Efi fields of Culeraiue. Many loaded H pienickere were bound for the S9 still a great many kept right oa to the aoa, wjB and at the cc-uree moet of the peojile cuqri |9 under the treee and made a pimicoitti SB meeting. The great majority viewed fie W sport from the ontside of the endosure, ui EB were cootect to make their investments ii |m "bob wagers "or half-crown "totes." Inade 9 the limited endosure the spate, smft u Nte it is, was not comfortably filled, sal the few bookmakers present did not any 1|| oo a roaring trade, even with their hugL isl The sport was rather ordinary in character, f|l aod it was evident that tbe Coietaine stewards might attain a greater eoceen 'r® with a more judiciously framed programme. ' j A handicap of 15 sove. is not a very rich r "i prize to set before owners, but vhea 3 ears, if -'.1 are to be handed to tbe owner of the second i'i: horse, the principal race of the day threaten, to become iurignificact. Similarly it is a . I.1 lot to ask racing men to run their hoise ever hurdles in dry weather for a '£12 stake, -|V? £3 of which goes to the neccud hone, ' Economy may be successfully pleaded 'iiE; as an excuse for small stakes in these time; M'i but when small stakes are a necessity sorely vi;ij tbe club cu gain nothing by splitting them, ' 'ii The Trot is en event which would nererh deeply regretted if missed from any country -i-J programme, by lovers of the sport, tit Eti general thing, there are a lot of borees prii- cipaliy maidens, and mostly very clow it 7 ' J that, entered for these trots ; the stevsrir ' -jj are tee handi cappers, and the trotter, ue nearly all absolute strangers to them. Thee |i| they do know are usually per- ssg formers, and the plan is to piut idR teem hundreds of yards behind ?a| | scratch.aiid fill the others in between, 7k result is nearly always a melancholy pnnr >13 sion which Is arrived at by a great xrwte i pj time. The trot at Coleraine yesterday aa f1, 3 no exception, in fact had Maud S. and sir, lore record horses been placed where Kffl i of tbe trotters started they nnght have dud | a show of catching those on scratch, btrtuc I S was most of them gave it up after a mile IK I ; a half had been covered. Trainere ad jockdjrs evinced a reprehensible want t I ® promptitude io getting to scale yesterday ui the boys imposed upon Mr. Gardiner's pad Ng nature at the post in a most irritating in. -M The events were late all through, ud k vttl spite the strenuouB efforts of the ofScft the last race, announced to start at 5 o'cJod, |f was not run till nearly six. Tbe motto if :S| stexrerds when this sort of conduct is cos .-J menced at the opening of a meeting, ahodi ;ffl| be " fine early and often," and she starts would do well to sopt the same Dr ; stewards and secretaries and alTcautieckd with the meeting, worked bard, and jodihf ' .1 from the attendance, their efforts Etinld be ' 3 crowned with finanrisl success. '' '% Racing started with tee orthodox XtU Stakes of three quarters of a mile. Sinn- - rock was selected to win by most who tit and 'found supporters at even moory. va Diamond King was also admired, ud W- >N peared to he very well, though just trite . log, while Marquis was undoubtedly A I right after his gallop at PenshursL Hi j| won a good race most of the way, ui 1 M teough Diamond King who ires tiBy a ridden in the etraight, and Sbinriri j| tedded bim be stayed out his run and vs |9 like a racehorse. There was no ofiol |l timekoeper, but private watches gave the rc . ij Imin. ISsecs. and lmin. lSiseca. for the g» J| The Pony Hurdle Race "proved a a interesting spin over the etickt, thoagb -3 did seem a little like cruelty to mind : | to ask a pony under 14 hands togo«" - :"1 hurdles with 12st up. This was ths tepe1 ; | oo Rescue, and though tee sturdy little iff . 'q was too much above himself to get cegA| distance, be was made a fsvoutitt.-|5»t SJ nwiuisnduf affalrv alternated betw«mg( - ,|j Ensign and Lady Brown for soineaHA W Then at the back of the course Rescue pp _J9 through to the front; hut when it cant "'jj making a pace he feij away again. E vmte N ally, Mr. Dugald M'Pherson, after keejof - ji Myrtle in a good place, made hie rue, >®| : -yj galloping over the others, scored the sttod A win for tee Hamilton stable. Onff a four were left in the Handicap, sad » W tee weights it- looked a soft thing ® M Yariolite. Mr. M 'Lean's horse bad g>tf :.M Reindeer a lump of weight, and a bad tot- j w Ing at Casterton, yet at Coleraine, I Cwke'a chsstnat had to concede theofei J oundi Stranger still, when it case .» 9 a racing, Reiudeer managed to get into I® i place, while tbe favourite was noeheui I -5 another of those things which, on a WJ I v coarae, no fellow can understand. Dito J J1 King iron a very pretty race from Do®? // Kent, with Shamrock a good tt®- 1 / lisverty made a great effort to lift ®' / Tateta horse along from the distmj I Imt be waa hardly as fit as he could be uaw f and coyild not reato Diamond Kii& , Robertehu'e win .was a very popalar , . atedv-was loudly applauded at thepoet® , stale. Bulrush, with odds on hite "J away with tee; Selling Race, noting hind him bmng able to ask him a qneay- y He waa bought |n for £2CL theaoh«® V . j getting £5 hy the transaction. Date, « mteer-favouriteat odds on, had a soBttoJ \ in: the Hurdle Race. . The other start® Tj Were Tkntallua and Marine, end teey «® ® refused ceveralhurdle9f so teat tee the pony raoa most of tee best m tAteraSwt, though some were to waa fancied S though she gov . - with a great start aod rushed Heather Bell c»m ® e onId not stay, of the distance. 2 won or three Hthia spin also and misf® watches were and limn. Ssecs , eitjl' J0- 7 1 5th of course. . which Is ex- mast not omit to mention ts.w. Ke Band played on the eonrsT&g; Cole- I extensive thirst of the vieithat j Byed by Mr. Eainc with drinks that WIS J Kliy cool, and is. M'Donald snnnti«i tki Bcheos. The reults are as follow Stakes, of «ra; thrce-qnartere ct a 9 D. M-KoorieVb 6 Maajois, bj the HDukc — Gay Lwa. -t 9ib (Laverir) l The other starters , Vs— Random 8rt Vim, Miller) ; JoRst 101b (H.' Miller) - K.ck, Bit 101b (Ardwd) . CoolArdi» R0,' Klb (Dal ton) ; Barbrd We o.. Sj. /n Kcks) ; Alfredine, Sst 1& <"" Beitiog : Eveo money 2 to lag»t Khamond King, 4 ; to 1 S to 1 others. Alter several wenn»w, £» tlinlwu. a bad start, attende(Kjj®n . _ Kittle John next, Shamrqfjjj >d lXb K,t together. M.rqu.sw and pasSi Moiack as thqr beared thefaj Knproved her position. BA, -J"" EarquU commenced lomakej bot » Rtvonrit« went with him, ®Jrf»niond TTtnn- Hnoved up on the outside. Vh£jgfB Kponded to the whip entering fl |"®K W- Kmit neaelv lpvel with MtaOUlL 8 . ad King between the two. For a Keemed to belong to Diamond! r 5®?" Eidvr took a lot of the coon»,fc pniBhedbsdly.neck and neck wi£7 J"">j HwhUe Marquis won a well ruu ra# , roc«E, KeTral iSgth. off came Alf«din#J Hcorack and Little John, but Barbf)®' BBandom fell at the turn and gave Vfi£f Briders a bit < f a shaking. Time, BHiM)icaf Pom: Hobdle Race, y_j a. One and a half mues. \ / B Mr. Alex. Turner's ch m Mtbxle, Hi : B Ghost— Dollie, list, (Mr. D. MW B Mr. R. M»liog ns Ladx Bbowk|T (Farley) £ 2 B Mr. John Ferguson's b g Eksigic B (L&veriy;) L 3 B Other starters were Rescue, I2fl). B Heather Bell, list 101b (MRea)7lL Snip, 10st 4lb (Lour;e). I B Betting : 2 to 1 on the field. 1 B Tip went away with the lead, wb Bnezt and Ensign third. Tip led ova B hurdle and across to the stand, sit BBro«n jumped the hurdle with herj B moved up and Heather Bell refer' B Brown led the field at a good pasr Bnext two hurdles, bot at the hfr B moved on itcscne, and ne went $ ? Kftst. He had hardly assumed thr, TT, Kever, when he crack«l up and jP" Ir. Bsgain. Tip again ltd, wit£ If BBusigu third and Myitle fourth om3S ft B the et'aight Lady Brown and Eli nut Mr. ju ucnuu uiuuim » . . . i B well-t»med run, and when she la ft e B last hurdle the race was all ovi 5??® B canttred home five lengths ah B two, while Tip was several lei3 aw®X Hescae last. Opes Handicap, of losora.; aqwter miles. . Mr. W. Koberfeon's c o DlAlLfg® King of the Ring— Sapph'' ®u> 'J' , I m? a.1 Lewi.' Ddke of z1' 2 8 Cooke'.'R® (late King), 7st 51b (G. MilJeri --- -- 3 Mr. f. G. M'Lean'a VP. 7st 41b . m (Calhghan) " -B Betting : 6 to 4 «n Van fE8. From .good start, Dot®?4 aide was the first to beghr j,61?0® 'ytng 9 necond. They raced in tord«r toh? »ru 9 to the back of the ee' Esmde T 9 closed DP on the leaderP.y®110'14® dropped 9 back to third positk 4be back, 9 Diamond King we.,t la6h> »»d takV« 9 two lengths liad, mie. pace _ round the 9 turn, with Duke of ,n » "ce position 9 third and Reindeer rd- The leader con- 9 tinned to make the "BhtA "g4? ,tie 9 Straight, where DuF K«4. ?nd Rcmdeer 9 came at him both trfr- Neither coold get 9 to Diamond King??", and though he 9 tried to stop and t««' the gate as he 9 "eared the post, a length, while 9 Dakeof Kent was sd» length from Bein- 9 deer, while the favA ongh he seemed to 9 an effort at tl, finished last. 9 Sellikg Race, fcOV dre furlongs. 9 Mr. Duncan SimB®. % , 9 Green-Boatmnre.flOlbehbdd) Mr- G "Wilson's tCK 8st 101b (Laverty) 2 9 Mr. J. G. M'Lea»'LtR"MAJDAtAOCH» 884 9 121b (Call.gh.n — 3 9 Other starters? 384 iab (Lanrio), S Nita, gst 121b J0)! end Jbe, 7at 101b 9 irtiug 6 fn Bolrnsb, 2 to 1 Blar-ma- 9 Calaoch, 4 to ?» "Corack get away first from a rood s end Larerty made the pace 19 to the torn fore, when Bulrush sopplanted 9bim and cant borne u easy winner by "9 three lengths, Btar-ma-Calaoob two lengths j9 away, third, the rert beaten off. The wiener was br m tor £20. JB Tbot. 1 round the course ; 5 sovb. Mr J Maho) Holly, scratch 1 jBMr. t. Foleyi. 8crjtch... ... ... 3 :9btr. Dolman1 HkenaH", 200 yards be- 9 hind send- 3 w.s;gi,. arda behind scratch; Doctor, '700 nds bl scratch ; Fashion, 600 yards behind scsl Dbndeen, 500 yards behind iHsoratch Bre, 600 yards behind scratch ; BFareweUbeW scratch ; ud, 300 »nl> behPmtch ; Monte, 300 yards behind l9scratch ' m, 200 yards behind scratch : H|erolite. "ards behind scratch ; Lady Bird, Bcnttcb ; my Todd, scratch ; also started. Bettinite 1 against the field. Tl.. polly was never headed, and all . Bfhe borrOhind scratch weie handicapped right on be Trot. Most of these pulled op jBwhsn a d had been trotted, and what were |Hjeftfona procession. Brebner, the rider K, Ladrd, galloped, and caused several Bhoraes jreak, for wbloh he was leniently . IBtreatec the stewards, who imposed a 10s Hakii Hobdle Race of 12 sivh., 3 sots. H go gseoond horae. One and a-balf miles. Mis Micholl's h g Ddke, by the Duke — 9 Batie mars, lOst lllbs (Fariey) ... 1 n O'Brien's TaSXALLUB, lOat Slbe B'sn) 2 J. Dsnoock'. us Marine, lost (S. j9 i 'I ® 1 og : <3 to 4 -n Doke, 2 to 1 Marine. t) tere several fase etarts, and then Duke ha ay followed (y Tabtalloa. Tan tall OS ra lnd the first anrdle and Marine re- 9 fu be second of the double opposite the 9 st Dnke went o and by tha time the 9 mi bad negotiated. )he first three hurdles 9 hi a helf-Si-mile ii\front, and evantnall, ; a ed in with Tsnfaips a couple of hundred. 9 7 in the rear aeconc p joap Poet Race,) 5 sovs. and 5i sweep- 9 stakes added, five furlongs. |i 4. m'Bae's b m HBhek Bell, fist 41b 9 Miller) — A — ! 9 s r. Show's Rubt, 8s Alb (Shaw) ... 2 9 1| t Best's DALTaH,T(71b (W. Lefe) ... 3 9 B other starters te — Pearl, 8st 121b 9 f ion): lAdy Brown, SLOlb (Anslow); Tip, 4 ?kJ,rn.ll.wl.uil: Wa-1. ki„. Rrt fllh 9 ( rie); Ensign, 8t91b frerty); Dolly, list 9 ( Idler); £lsiest71b tMIller) ; Dolly (A. B ' 'ing t 2 to 1 og«t Priand Rnby, 3 to 1 . rfiwRdL Dolly ILIawin, 4 to 1 others. 9 Die was a lot of delat the post and a 9, in— r of ielse starts helead raahed asnyr 9 1 tube lead and cattiog <Ahe running it ». rapsns ird -to the lOTO-fiie f riled to stay, 9 1 Bver, end Heather BdltioE thrciii voy 9 j i;took charge of a&sirad; led into, the 9 . ightgmng strong, wbil othera wero at B i i whip. Boby smothered! tJ» others hot f a to reach the leader, L won by three 9 1 jths. Time (private), hy ljjthaen 