The (( Mellon " Spiritualism. The Mdlon spiritualism is thus trenchantly dealt with by a writer to a Sydney journal:— " There would seem to be epidemics of mental and moral, as well as of physical disease, and just now Ihe currents are setting towards Spiritualism. In Sydney there is quite an outbreak of belief in spirits, and all kinds of people are talking about ghosts, and materialised forms, aind manifestations. For the past fortnight an excited discussion has been going on in the public press regarding the good faith of. certain believers, or alleged believers, in these spirits, or materialised forms. One unbelieving witness' at a tianot had the boldness to catch a " chocolate-eating- spirit," to get a light and to declare then and afterwards that he held not a materialised form/ but the veritable Medium' herself; also that she was moving about upon her knees, "that she struggled violently with him, and made it impossible for him to continue to fight without laying himself open to the charge of cruelty. On the other hand, the said Medium coolly confesses that this soeptio held her ; at first, he tried to- seiee " Cissy," but this form passed into the Medium, when, . of pourse, the impudent and irreverent man found himself holding her 1 What else could bfe expected under the conditions ? This is ingenious in the extreme, and it makes it very difficult to apply any real test to Such "alleged . phenomena. Again/however, the medium challenged the fullest scrutiny, got herself ' looked into a cabinetthe eager company waited, sang, hoped, feared, but no Spirits. oame. Suddenly a few taps, then the medium screamed, fainted, required instant medical attention, and the " test " had to be abandoned. We know nothing about ; any of - these wonderful things at first hand, but this we do know, that the accounts given alike by. <he "Bpirite" and tlpir mends are profoundly innintersiting, not women, who to are far too olever Yet tnen to aocept HxA the facts recorded in the Four,.Gospels, attend these sianeet and believe in the reality and importance -of euch.mani. testations." 