DEATH OF GEORGE BATES. THE FIRST OF THE PIONEERS. AN ADVENTUROUS LIFE. DIES IN THE DESTITUTE ASYLUM. Few people were aware of the fact that up till Sunday last there still lived in South Aus- tralia one who in point of years eclipsed all the old residents of the province ; who years before the colony was proclaimed lived in it a wild and adventurous life ; who remembered the arrival of all the pioneer ships from first to last, and welcomed them in many instances to these shores ; and who lived in the vicinity of Hog Bay existing on Government rations with his aged wife in a miserable hut. George Bates, or "Fireball," as he was called by his mates from his red hair, was born on April 13, 1800, in Wood-street, Cheapside, London. His father was in the Militia. The lad was of a roving, adventurous turn of mind, and his thoughts early turned towards the sea. When about 10 years old he joined a school- ship lying at Deptford, and subsequently made several voyages to the Cape, India, and else- where. In 1823 he joinod the ship Commodore Hayes, chartered by the English Government to convey convicts to Hobart Town. After discharging her load of unfortunates the vessel proceeded to Sydney, whence Bates embarked on a sealing excursion to the islands of the Great Bight. On her way back the brig put into Kangaroo Island, and took on board 60 tons of salt from the lagoon. Here Bates's adventurous spirit prompted him to leave the vessel and try a hunter's life on the lonely islands. He induced a comrade named John Randall to accompany him, and to- gether they slipped ashore at night—all hands having turned in more or less drunk— in a boat with three dogs belonging to the captain. Next morning the absence of the runaways was discovered, and the captain with three of the sailors came ashore ; they re- covered a dingey in which Bates and his comrade had landed, and which they had left on the beach. After waiting a day for them to return the vessel set sail, and the two men were left on the island. Their landing-place was the mouth of the American River, and they had taken some stores with them. After the departure of the brig they set to work to build a hut and find water. The following day they took the dogs hunting and caught three wallabies. On the third day just before sundown Bates went outside the hut and saw three men on an adjoining hill making towards them. His first idea was that they were blackfellows, and he rushed for his gun, but on their nearer approach he saw that they were white men. They turned out to be whalers named Warley, Kirkby, and Everett, who had run away from their ship at Hog Bay a few weeks before, and were then searching for water. Kirkby had a black woman with him whom he had brought over from Van Diemen's Land. They all decided to stick together, the black woman proving of the greatest value to them in their hunting expeditions through the scrub, while the boat helped them to supply themselves with plenty of fish and seal. THE LATE GEORGE BATES. While hunting at Antechamber Bay Bates and his mates saw a schooner passing through Backstairs Passage. This proved to be the vessel which had brought the ill-fated Captain Barker, who was returning with convicts from West Australia to explore the Murray Mouth, and had landed him at Yankalilla with a small party. They took the four runaways on board, and proceeded to the Murray in hopes of obtaining some news of Captain Barker, who had not been seen by his companions since he had swam across the river. Here Bates formed a daring plan for obtaining some information on this subject. In the darkaess of the night he and his mates surprised a camp of natives. Bates acted the part of the orthodox ghost dressed in a white sheet, and his costume and dismal groans so frightened the blackfellows that as soon as awake they fled in all directions. A young girl of about 15 bolted straight into Warley's arms, and he at once secured and gagged her. From her they learnt that Captain Barker had been speared by the natives and his body hidden in the scrub. On the departure of the schooner for Sydney Bates and his comrades returned to Hog Bay, receiving from Dr. Davis, who took command after the captain's death, a small boat in exchange for their services. The black girl was claimed by Warley as his property and lived with him at Hog Bay, assisting him to hunt. While on an excursion to Thistle Island sealing Bates found the 20-ton cutter Mary, which had been sent round from Sydney to pick up Stuart if he succeeded in making his way down the Murray Mouth to the sea. It is scarcely neces- sary to say that the daring explorer had to make his way back to New South Wales up the river, as he could not reach the mouth, and the captain of the cutter was not even aware of its locality. Some change had now taken place in the personnel of the party, Warley having sailed with a whaling captain, and having handed over his native girl to Bates, while two of the crew of the Mary had joined the Kangaroo Islanders. Thomas and Jack, the two men from the Mary, were anxious to obtain wives from among the natives, and the party of five, leaving the two women hunting and fishing on the island, crossed over to the mainland to undertake this chasse aux femmes. They landed at Cape Jervis and walked across country to Lake Alexandrina, having no small difficulty in eluding the natives, who were very numerous. Their method of capturing the women was simple. Waiting till the morn- ing was well advanced and the men were out hunting they stole up under cover until close to the camp, when at a signal they rushed forward and secured their prizes before they had time to escape. They made four trips with this object at different times, securing one or two women each time, who when captured had their hands tied behind their backs and were made to walk with their capturer in double-quick back to the boat. They were set at liberty on reaching Hog Bay, where they in most cases proved willing and useful slaves. One girl, whom Bates named Puss for her propensity to scratch the face of her owner when in a rage, lived for years after- wards at Hog Bay. As the trips for women increased in number so also grew the danger, the last one they made nearly costing Bates his life. When they landed at Cape Jervis the natives were watching them, and when the whites were three miles inland an attack was made, Bates receiving a spear in the foot, but escaping with a slight wound. With so many "servants" to wait upon them the white dwellers on Kangaroo Island grew luxurious and lazy, and would remain at their ease in camp for weeks while their dusky com- panions hunted and brought them food. The romantic story of one of the captives swim- ming Backstairs Passage and rejoining her tribe is declared by Bates to be only partly true. She was a recent capture and had been given the name of "Bet." On reaching the island she fled from the camp with another girl who had been caught in the same raid. They had been absent a fortnight before being found almost starving some ten miles along the beach. On the first opportunity the un- fortunate girl rushed into the sea with the intention of swimming across to Cape Jervis, but was either drowned or eaten by sharks. The islanders did some trade in wallaby and kangaroo skins with Captain Hart, of Laun- ceston, receiving 30s. per 100 for them. As orders on the owner of the vessel were of no use to them they took their payment in goods sold at fabulous prices—tobacco at 10s. per lb., shirts of the commonest description 10s. each, and rum at £3 10s. per gallon. About this time (1830) Bates very foolishly hazarded himself amongst the blacks of Cape Jervis. He had persuaded an old native of that tribe to come over to Hog Bay with his son. The lad died, and Bates accepted the bereaved parent's invitation to go back with him to his tribe. The men would hunt for him, give him wives, and make him a chief among them. Against the wishes and warn- ings of his comrades Bates went and was received at a grand corroboree, where he was presumably made a member of the tribe by being thrown on his back and having all the males jump on his body in succession. At first the natives treated him as one of them- selves, although they never let him out of their sight and appeared suspicious of him ; but when the dogs he had brought over were knocked up by hunting he was left to shift for himself. He fell ill, and three natives who remained with him—the old man Condoy, a young girl named Sal, and a boy nicknamed Friday—begrudged him almost any provisions. When he had given up hope and had lain down to die in a cave near the shore he was discovered by his mates, who had crossed over to the mainland to find out what had become of the missing man. As a punishment for their neglect of Bates the three natives mentioned above were carried away into captivity on the island. When out hunting the natives of Cape Jervis showed a mysterious dread of the Onkaparinga River, alleging as a reason that it was in- habited by some terrible animal which would exterminate the tribe if they came within range of his sense of smell. Their camps always had a watch set at night for fear of sudden attacks from the inland tribes. Many were marked with smallpox and Bates was greatly surprised to see that these were inocu- lated on the arm. The Port Lincoln natives, to whom the islanders sometimes devoted their attentions, were exceedingly unsociable and fierce, even women of that tribe whom they stole having fiery and determined tempers. In the meantime the settlers, if such they may be called, had built a substantial dwelling at Antechamber Bay, which they made their depot, and here they lived for the most part until the coming of the first immigrants in 1836. One evening in September of that year Nap Thomas made his appearance in their camp, which was then pitched at Hog Bay River, and excitedly told his mates that a large ship crowded with people had anchored off Kings- cote, Nepean Bay. This was the John Pirie, having on board the first instalment of the South Australian Company's immigrants. The next day at dawn Bates, with his mates, three native women, and several dogs, started off to welcome the newcomers, but were received with shouts of alarm and a general stampede of men, women, and children up the cliffs from the beach. The two islanders, clothed in opossum skin shirts, and with coats, trousers, and boots made of the skin of red kangaroo, were mistaken for savage inhabitants of the new country. After some time a gentleman came forward and introduced himself as Mr. Samuel Giles, the manager of the company, who regaled them with a good dinner in his tent, and then asked them for particulars as to the climate, soil, &c.;, of Kangaroo Island. Their reply that the whole of the island was covered with a dense scrub was a great disillusionment to Mr. Giles, who, rely- ing on the statement of Captain Suther- land, came expecting a land flowing with milk and honey and rich in gold and other minerals. The settlers started building huts along the Kingscote beach, but Bates had a very poor opinion of the industry of the men selected by the company. According to him the employes were so lazy that Mr. Stephens had to stop their rations to induce them to work. There upon the men mutinied, and were only brought to reason when Mr. Stephens pro- duced his pistols and ordered them out of his tent. Two of the ringleaders were afterwards imprisoned in Adelaide. Bates did some hut- building for the company, and also accom- panied Colonel Light in his survey of the coast in the brig Rapid. Later on he worked at loading ships on the Port Adelaide wharfs and had a turn at Bendigo diggings without much success. On his return to Kangaroo Island, a place which always seems to have had great attractions for him, he tried farming and sealing, and lived in a poorly-thatched house with his wife, who died some years ago. Old age and poverty began to tell severely on the old man's career, and last year he was removed from Kangaroo Island to the Destitute Asylum, where his wife died. There at 20 minutes past 6 o'clock on Sunday evening he, too, ex- pired. For years he had been in receipt of rations, and for some time prior to coming over to the city 10 months ago he had been occupying a cottage at Hog Bay. Almost up to the last the old man showed unmistakable signs of being in full possession of all his senses—his hearing was good, his sight keen, and his memory re- markable, while every now and then flashes of wit showed that the hard and long life he had lived had in no way lessened a strong innate sense of humor. Careful in his choice of language and particular in his de- tails, he was ever ready and pleased to give a resume of his life with an ease and fluency of speech and an amount of lung power that would have done credit to an educated man of 45. In the course of an interview which a member of our staff had with the old man some months ago he gave a chatty history of his chequered career, and we republish it below. I was born on April 13, 1800, in Cheapside, London, and as I came to the colony in 1824 I have spent over 70 years in South Australia. When I was about 11 years of age, and as my parents were poor and it was then war time, I decided to go to sea and joined a training ship at Deptford under the command of Sir George Byng. From there I joined a vessel in the navy and was one of the many powder monkeys, as they were then called, on board. At that time, as you know, we were at war with the French, and I was on board one of the fleet of twenty-two 74's, under three admirals, when we blockaded Flushing and allowed none of the French fleet, which was in the harbor, to come out or vessels to go in. We stopped all commerce, and it was at that time that, sugar running short, beet was first used in its place. I was then about 13 years old. I remained in one or other of the war- ships until peace was declared after the battle of Waterloo, and I was at the opening of the Waterloo-bridge. I then joined the merchant service and visited Bombay, and in 1823, being paid off from the ship I was then on, I decided to visit the new country—Australia. "I was engaged as a seaman on one of the convict ships, and we brought out 200 prisoners to Australia. No, none of the acts of cruelty you read about as having been done on the convict vessels took place on our ship. The prisoners were fairly well treated. I became stranded in Australia on account of a row I had with the mate of the vessel. From Tasmania the ship went to Sydney. At that time I was in charge of the captain's gig, like the man in the song, and we went ashore and got a drop of beer into us. On returning the mate gave me a smack on the head, so I picked up a belaying pin and hit him over the arm. For this I got 'rousted' ashore, and I tell you I got seven days' solitary confinement on bread and water. I did not want to go on with the vessel to Batavia after that, so I spoke to the then Chief Secretary— Major Goulburn. Sydney was only a convict settlement then, and as I was but a young man he said he would not get me a discharge unless I promised to leave at the first chance. This I did, and as a sealing party was fitting out for West Australia I joined it. We worked from King George's Sound to Cape Leuwin. We sailed all round the gulfs and Kangaroo Island and got a quantity of salt from Kings- cote, and the owner then wanted us to go to New Zealand. "In those days New Zealand was a very wild place, peopled with a large number of cannibals, so I thought 'No you don't, you won't eat George up if I can help it.' We were then at the mouth of the American River so I got a mate and we took and hooked it ashore. That was in 1824, and I have been in South Australia ever since. The vessel went away without us, and the next day we, much to our surprise, came across two other sailors who had deserted from a vessel. I can tell you I missed my biscuit and beef." Your stores must soon have run out. How did you live then ? "Oh, we had a pack of dogs, and we lived on kangaroo meat ; and very plentiful and beautiful eating they were then. They were a different species of kangaroo to the one com- monly known now. Vessels used to call now and then, and we exchanged skins for stores, and sometimes we used to send away as many as five or six thousand skins. There were no natives on Kangaroo Island when we first went there, as they had no means of going over from the mainland. There were a large number of them in the latter place, and we at times went over in the boat and brought some back with us. I was young and foolish at that time, so I told my mates I wanted to go over to the main- land and live with the natives. They took me over in the boat with my pack of dogs, and I was admitted into the tribe. As long as I had the dogs the natives were very friendly and kind to me, as the animals could get food better than they could. On one occasion, how- ever, I went hunting at Cape Jervis, and the kangaroos being very fierce all my dogs were so severely wounded that they were no good afterwards. As soon as I lost the use of the dogs I lost the natives too, as they saw I could be of use to them no longer. "I was the first white man who had ever lived with the natives, and in fact the first who had ever lived on the mainland of South Australia. The natives having left me it was a very difficult matter to get food, and I was almost starved. In fact I came to that stage when I had to eat my own dogs. I caught and devoured as many black snakes as I could, but I thought it was all up with me when, about three months after I had left them, my mates came over from the island in the boat in order to see how I was getting on." Was there much whaling done in those days? "The first whaler visited the island in 1832, when a party arrived at Hog Bay from Laun- ceston. Before this time we used to see hun- dreds of whales blowing in Backstairs Pas- sage, but the numbers soon lessened. One evening in September, 1836, one of my mates made his appearance in the camp and told me that a large ship crowded with passengers had anchored off Kingscote. This proved to be the John Pirie, having on board the first in- stalment of the South Australian Company's immigrants. From that time onwards I saw all the vessels arrive with immigrants, and have seen large towns grow up in scores of places where there was nothing but the dense scrub before. For several years I worked in the harbormaster's office. After that I re- turned to Kangaroo Island, and have lived there on a piece of land given me by the Government almost ever since." You seem to have had many narrow escapes from death, but which was the narrowest ? "When I walked out of Joe Barney's bar over the wharf and into the Port River. You see, sir, I was half tight at the time. Yes ; my health is very good, thank you. I am all right now, with the exception of my feet, which I have not the use of at present. I am as tough as old iron, as I have been a child of nature, and have rousted about everywhere since I was eleven years of age. Before this cold took me I could do anything." Bates gave the following explanation of local names given since the expedition of Flinders and Baudin :—"American, properly Pelican, River, is called after an American ship (the General Gates) which anchored there and built a flat-bottomed barge, still to be seen embedded in the mud. Stunsailboom River was so named from the fact of a stunsailboom being washed ashore at its mouth. Flourcask Bay received its name for a similar reason, while Hog Bay was so called by the runaways from Hobart for some unknown reason." 