WISE AND OTHERWISE. Tho moral oourtg. which Mr. Juitleo "W1I- li.ma sighs for in Grundlans li iliown in ill. daily life of many of our otherwise worthy citizens. It, presence may not ba e'uapeoted. but it is tli.ro all the same. Far example, take this instance : Does the woman when " in full dress" not show courage by appearing in shoulder straps only— a sort of nook or nothing costume? Is there no courage shown by ladies who exooiito skirt dances in "iisiaty," or by pooplo who givo £20 dinner parties, but grudgingly pay a aeamstroae Is. per day? And what about the moral eourag of the people who wear bloomer oostumes? Take another set of oases. Is there no moral aourago shown by ecalbsiestios who. oxohange courtesies in religious controversies, or by Par liamentary platitudinarians, or by tlia White Knight ? Again, is th. moral eourag# of tlio man who gives wodding presents to his rich friends, but rafuses the poor beggsr a penny in ohority, not to count for righteousnesa unto blni? Are those splendid follows who stylo themselves tariff reformors not shining examples of moral oourage, booause. Father O'Flynn like, thoy light, nnd flglit and fight again for the great principle of " relieving consumers" by taking lOd. duly off a suit of clothes, and yot vote against a rsduotion of the 60 por ocnt. duty on rice nurl. the 300 per cent, duty on raisins? Why, Sir, tba world is full of this sort of moral conrage. But every body does not oall it by the same name, therein oopying Mr. Graves, who, when ho means cotton goods, oalls them "shoddy." The seleotion of tho improssfonable end smiahlo Minister of the buttnr industry to arrange a musical programme for Lord Brassey'o roooption was » blunder almost terminating In a orime. Music and butter making are not sister arts. Now Mr. Duffy, ns tho young man of tho" Ministry and as the political Head of the Post Office oiiimes and the most disengaged member of the Oahinet, was intended both by nature and oiroumstanaes for euah diplomatio work. His colleagues oould, moreovor, havo well afforded to throw iiim to the lions of tko musical profession. What lias the gentle Minister of Agriouiture done to be eaorifiaod? A Duffy wo might try and do without, but what- ever would booome of tho colony if Mr. Tavsrner had falion a viotim, aot to a blunt butter knifo, but to tho sharp blade of an infuriated musician. Our rabbits, our butter, both stale and otherwise, nnd evon tho toothsome margarine would bavo lain heavily on our hands, and all the ounshlno would havo gone out of life. The bare thought of thin is onough to wreak tbo Minlatry. But why should tho whole musical profession have been shaken to its very centre bsaause only ono sooiety has been commissioned to tootle a fow bars of musio at the Exhibition Building in the presenae of Lord Braissy ? That raises the question, Is musio a carious art ? Its professors not sometimos ns though they were undorstudiss for the downing business in a droits, and naturally one in porploxed thereby. That music exercises a subtle and mysterious influonce upon the mind was exompli- fiod in a striking manner by Nero, who fiddled wliilo Rome was burning. The Em peror was one of the most onthusiastlo musicians of his day. In foot he spent thc last years of his reign going up and down the world surrounded by a chorus of S000 young msn, giving pubiio exhibitions of his vocal power. Tho funny feature of these remarkshlo exhibi tions was tho wretohsd character of the Em peror's vocal gifts. Yet the worse his singing the louder was the applause. Happily Mr. Tnverncr's mistake in treating our musiaians like so many butter men, and subjecting them to a procoss of sweating or cool frcozing, was discovered in time to prsvont a revolution For a few days, however, the danger was great, and round ths olty musio shops might have bocn seen knots of man olothed in long liair and oolonially mads felt hats, saoh couesnltng a Shcrzo, an Andante, or a Duloiana (musioianB are notoriously arantorial) beneath his eioak. They looked daggers, hut only Bmoked oigorettss, and had evidently lunahed on German oliees. or garlio, . Everyone gave them a wid. berth, at all events. Tho Smiths are Irrepressible. In peace or war, on tho tariff or " Iitteratoor," upon hats or patent medicines, it matters not what ths thome ba, a Smith la always thore produoing moro Smiths and new " eternal principles " to fit tli'o ocoasion. All Smiths are free-traders. It is to a Smith that w. are indebted for tho first donkey imported. Sinoe then both the Smiths and the donkeys have multiplied many times, and there is no longer any danger of the extinc tion of theso raocs. How prolific the Smiths aro may ho gathered from what was said at a recent presbytory meeting about a party of. the name of Smith who settled in the bamlet of Tamplestowe in the infancy of tho colony. To-day, in the direct line nnd collaterally, there are supposed to be about 200 of that ilk in and around "happy— oh, so happy" — Tompis- atowe. Some psopls profess to be puzzled at the re volt of woman, and tho unpopularity of the marriage state with ths gentlar sex. Such Deoptc do not study the very interesting records of our police and divoree aourts. In those records they will discover why women regard matrimony as less honorable than any other calling. Sometimes a bsneh of honorary magis trates is at a loss to understand why a husband or wife appeals to the law for re-establishing harmonious relations between them. Several such instancos ocourred this week, and ths magistrates vtry properly asked the husbands for explanations. " Oh," said that amiable person in one case, "we had the uiual matri monial troubles. I struok hor a few times with, my fist." In another oaso a Collingwood husband told the benoh that " the ways " of his wife made his hair stand on end— (evidently not a typo of husband who combs hit hair with a towel)— and that when his wife walked aoross a room sho "mads tho place shake," and prevented kim "getting any rest.' Yet a poet onee sang of lovely woman — Her very foot has music in it, As she conies up the stairs. Well, that post was a gallant Englishman, though, by ths same token, it was an English Johnny, bent on globo trotting, who has told us that Australian women have largo feet ! Now if there be any musio in the test of women size ought to be an advantage, for is it not logieai to say the larger tho fast the mors musio they ought to produos ? And what about ooid fset ; is there no musio in them ? Possibly ths Collingwood husband who objaeted to the foot falls of his wife was one of those savage unmusioal beings to whom tho sounds knocked out of a tom-tom and tho ' ' execution " of a Hambourg on tho piano aro aliko meaningless. If that be so, tbon neither ths swoet muse, Musio, nor the coy maid, Matrimony, are to blame. Tho Col lingwood husband has merely married the wrong woman. It looks as though the anti-sweating move ment in Victoria might possibly lead to tho enactment of sumptuary laws. Mr. Peaooek, the Ohief Seorstary, has given notice that he will entertain no tnoro applications for permits for overtime work in oonneotion with the making of cup dresses, unless ho is satisfied that extra workers at fair wages oannot be obtained. He advises ladies who havo not yet ordered their cup dresses to do so at ones. If they would only consent to wear loss elaborate gowns on festive occasions there would be no neesssity for sweating or overtime labor in regard to the preparation of raiment for thsse Butterflies of Fashion. And what a glorious time it would be for their husbands aud fathers— the real victims of sweating under the present condition of affairs ! A Fashion Minister might bo a very useful member of tho Cabinet if he were given full power to regulate ths cost of dresses worn by tho women folk of Viotoris. Cases of suddon disappesraneo era not of infrequent ocourrenoo in this eountry, but It is seldom that we hear of one combining so much mystery and dramatio effect as the disappear'- ance of a bride at Sydney the other day, an hour or less after being married. She simply walked from one room into anothor and apparently melted into thin air. No amount of searebing has suocosded in finding hor. This extraordinary inoident recalls to' mind osrtain weird German storlss of bridegrooms who, after taking their brides home, made the ' appalling dlioovery that they were ghosts. Ths young lady in this instanoo is said to bo ah ardent devotee of psyehologloal roBsaroh. Prob ably this will account for ovorythlng : She simply dematsrisiissd herself and eloped with a Mahatma, aud is somewhere in Thibet by this, time. The bill to remove the diaqualifieation of women in the eiootlons of members of the Vie- torlen Parliament only applies to tho Assombiy. Tbo Legislative Council doesn't appear to bo- lievo In womiin as a voter. Yet 'woman hae always had the reputation of being Conservative In1 polities. Perhaps the members of the Ooun- oil aro under the improssion that the . new variety of her is a being of a different order, and would not be likely to vote with enthusiasm for bald-headed' oahdidstes if there wero any younger ones forthcoming. And in any oase they — tho members of tho - Council— probably boliave in their hearts that when woman is not at home attending to her domastio duties, her proper plaice— mors particularly if she be young and pretty— Is on the stage performing in the ballet. Now la the season when the confidence man, the matohbex trick man, and other philosophers of tba Autolyous tohool, affably aooest the man from the country and show him how to win a fortune— onding by leaving him without the price of abed or a drink.' The extraordinary part of the business is that, though these eases aro reported over sad- over again in the papers, tiioro is always a supply of greenhorns to keep theso Autslyonees going. And it isn't always tho most innocent greenhorns who coma off worst. Those who aonsldor themselves smart and up to all the trioks of the town aro . frequently the greatest vietims of the sharper. A Gippsland editor came to Mel bourne the other day, and, although be carried a heavy stick and a rsvolvsr, had to borrow before he had beon in the olty a day the price of a telegram home asking for money enough to he sent him to pay his faro baok. He had even been robbed of hie return tlokot. One of the most striking features of ths Legislative Assembly of New Soutii Wales is, as everyone knows, tils detioate sense of cor porate honor wbioh pervades its members in respeat to the reputation of the House. Henoe, when Mr. Meagher, of Doan hotoriety, lest week, with all the voluble emphasos of solem nity of asseveration of wbioh he wts ospable, assured tbo Assembly that tho Attorney-Gene ral was a liar, Bir Julian Salomons a lunatic, and George Dean a traduced Innocent, hon. members ohssrsd him sympathetica! !y. Hence, too, when on TusBdsy last the weeping Mr. Criok, read in ths same Ohambor an affidavit by Meagher, acknowledging himself to be the most unmitigated and persistent liar, hnmbug and Parliamentary deceiver that aver sat in the New South Wales Assembly, everyone felt that .the honor of tho House must be vindicated at ones. " A young life blighted, Sir, and a reaig- nntionhanded in," wailed Mf. Criok, holding out the dooument. Not a whisper about " expul sion. " The days when » champion atbletio wae a domi-god In ths eyss of Australia have oeased to bo, and even the world at large seems to have suffered a recovery from ths musols-worahipping mania ; but there is oorn in Egypt atlll, as is evidenoed by Harding's effort to revive the sculling ohampionship. Poor Jim Stsnsbury, un able to eat his laurels, has beau obliged to dsseend from the pedestal of squstio fame, and "graft" hard on & Klverlna telegraph line supplying poles at 2s. a pieoe, "delivered at tho atump," simply because he could not get up a' ohallenge in hie professional line of business. But ovsrything eomes to the man who oan wait, and if tho rowing enthusiasm of New Soutii Wales is not as completely ruined as Searle's monument an tho banks of tho Parrapintta, the requisite stake for tbo Australian should he forthcoming without delay, in spite of the omnipresent and omni potent depression. If Australia really can't afford to support a ohampion Soulier, tho least it can do is to export him to a clime where there is a market for that sort of produot. The fair sex, as a rule, is not distinguished for humoreua perceptiveness, but evidence is accumulating that whether the coming woman will or will not annex one by one all the special prerogatives whioh selfish man has so long monopolised, she will at all evante assert and eXeroiss her rlcht to that peculiar form of fatuity known an " praotioal joking." The late snowstorms offered a great temptation in this direction to froliosome feminine souls. An interesting instance — with a moral— oeeurred at an upoountiy olty during the enow fever. An attractive young lady, of plutosratio parentage and strongly aristooratio inclinations, stood in the garden of the paternal mansion with a neatly made snowball in her pretty fingers, with strong desire in her soul, and yet the fear of "Mai" and Mrs. Orundy before her eyes. A plebeian young butoher, as fate would have it, trotted his mast eart gaily past, whistling as ha went, chilly but cheerful. Next inBtant a oold thrill ran down his spine as a well aimed snowball struok him on the bsok of the neok. Now, the butoher was a humorist. . In a soooud ho was on the pavement ; in another he was in the garden, and in a third he had caught— and kieaed — the ledy. " Ma " doesn't know about it yet, and three early bird bachelors who witnessed tho retort have vowed not to givo iier away. Tho high spirited proapeotors, mining oom- pany promoters, storekeepers end publicans of the West Australian goldfields are disgustod ' with the festina lenle policy of the Government at Berth in providing railways, telegraph lines and water supplies for the mushroom growths . of settlement in the weetern Tom Tiddler's ground. When the company boomers are raking in hundreds of thousands of British . oapital every weak in London, it stems perfectly intolerable' to Ooolgardia Hannsn's, Cue and Norsoman, that Sir John Forrest should not exploit.tha London market for a mammoth pnblio works loan, rush an elsotoral aot through oreating a dozen or so now mining oonstituenoies, and request them tn Bend a score or so of progressive and energstio representatives to Perth, to show how and whore the borrowed coin should bo spent. Henoe a National Cold Fielde Union with ramifications from ths Murobison to Espsranee Bay has bsen put on the stocks, with the immediate view of prodding up the West Aus tralian Government. Enthusiasm for tho pro- jeot Buperabounds ; but when ths time comes for " antaing up " the necessary eoin the Cool- gardieitee will probably fall baek on " British oapital." float the Separation Ysntnro, reserv ing to themselves only an adequate number of fully paid up promoters' aharts. 