KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XXIV. A CHAPTER. OF WONDERS. As he crossed the threshold of the drawing-room he encountered Soames, the tall footman. '' My lord's compliments, Captain O'Donnell,'' Mr. Soames said, bowing. '' His lordship's in the library, captain, and he requests you to wait upon him there.'' O'Donnell nodded and walked forward to the library—his dark, sombre face betraying no more what had just passed than a handsome mask of bronze. 'Come in, O'Donnell,'' the earl said, in answer to his tap, and the chasseur entered the library, closed the door, and threw himself into a seat. His lordship was alone—the lamps burned bright- ly, but even in their brilliance shadows lurked in the corners of the long, stately room. The curtains were drawn over the open windows, shutting out the dark, sultry summer night. On the table at the earl's elbow, wine-glasses and cigars stood. '' I suppose you're nearly out of patience by this time," his lordship began, " but Davis' report was unusually lengthy and interesting this evening ; Davis' inclination for port wine was even more marked than usual. The lower orders, as a rule, if you observe, have a weakness for port wine — the thicker and sweeter the better. Davis is a clever fellow, and a skilled detective, and no exception to this rule. O'Donnell,'' he leaned forward and asked the question with most startling abruptness,''what do you know of Miss Herncastle.?'' But the sang froid O'Donuell was equal to his own— if he thought to throw him off his guard and read the truth in his confusion, he was mistaken. Captain O'Donnell, lying at full length back in his chair, pulling his long trooper moustache, looked across at him, the conscious calm of innocence in his surprised blue eyes. ''What do I know of Miss Herncastle ? Well, not great deal, perhaps, but enough to convince me she is a very fine woman, a remarkably fine woman, indeed, both mentally and physically. A little too clever, perhaps, as Lady Dangerfield seems to have found out her cost.'' ''You won't tell me, then ? Very well, Davis and I must find out for ourselves. Only it would sim- plify matters if you would, and I don't see why you should league yourself under Miss Herncastle's piratical black flag.'' ''Will your lordship think me very stupid if I say I really don't understand ?'' ''I would if I thought so, but I don't. O'Donnell, it's of no use your fencing me with the buttons on. You know more of Miss Herncastle than you choose to tell — I believe you met her before you met her here— in Algiers or America. A man doesn't take midnight rambles, as a rule, with a lady who is a perfect stranger to him. Oh, don't wear that un- conscious look — it doesn't deceive me. I tell you I saw you escorting Miss Herncastle across the fields to this house between one and two in the morning.'' ''The deuce you did! And how came Lord Ruys land to be, like sister Anne, on the watch-tower between one and two in the morning?'' '' I was in my room. Have I told you before, I can never sleep well on bright moonlight nights. I was sitting at my open bedroom window. I saw you, sir. I even heard you. I heard you both.'' 'You did? May I ask ----'' ''I heard her ask you as you stopped if it were to be war to the knife between you, or words to that effect. You answered it should be as Miss Herncastle pleased. You left her as she stood, and she watched you out of sight— by gad! as if you had been lover. And yet I hardly think you ever were that.'' '' Hardly. I played the lover once in my life, and received a lesson I am not likely to forget. Who should know that better than your lordship ?'' His lordship winced. O'Donnell calmly took up a cigar and lit it. '' I suppose I may smoke while I listen. Nothing clears a man's intellect after dinner like a prime Manilla. Will your lordship go on — you look as though you may have seen something more.'' ''I have. I saw Miss Herncastle steal from her room the following night, waylay Sir Peter, and play ghost. Come, O'Donnell, I am possessed of a burning curiosity concerning Miss Herncastle — make a clean breast of it— and tell me what yon know.'' '' I can tell you all about the moonlight night you speak of, if that is what you mean. I remained later than usual at Scarswood, and, going home, I saw Miss Herncastle taking a moonlight ramble, and presuming on my previous introduction, took the liberty of joining her. The moonlight may have affected her nerves as well as your lordship's; midnight constitutionals may agree with her, or she may have been paying a visit — this at least is certain, our meeting was purely accidental, and never occurred before nor since.'' ''And the mysterious words I heard under my window ? Keep your secret and hers, if you will, ''but I warn you fairly I will find out for myself. Would you like to hear what I have discovered already ?'' O'Donnell nodded in smoky silence — more inter- ested than he cared to show. Had his lordship discovered the truth ? ''Well,'' Lord Ruysland said, 'from the night I saw her with you, and the night I saw her play ghost, my mind was made up. I had distrusted her from the very first — now I knew she was a dangerous woman. I wrote a letter on the quiet to a friend in London; my friend in London, still on the quiet, paid a visit to Scotland Yard, and sent down Davis, a dingy little man in rusty black, with weak eyes and a meek air, like a parson run to seed. He ar- rived on the very day of the grand denouement — the day upon which Miss Herncastle was expelled from Scarswood. She had no friends or acquaint- ances in Castleford; she had announced her inten- tion of returning to London. Davis and myself were on the platform when she appeared — a signal from me told him she was our game. From that moment she was safe ; my share in the business was over. She took a second-class ticket for London — -s0 did Davis. It was a Parliamentary, with no end of stoppages. What do you think Miss Herncastle did ? Instead of going to London she got out at Treverton Station, nine miles distant, and deliber ately walked back in this direction as far as the town of Lewes, Davis still unseen on her track. She went to a remote little inn in the suburbs of the town called 'The Prince's Feathers' and re mained there all night. She gave no name, and wore a thick veil over her face. Davis stopped at 'The Prince's Feathers' all night also. She remained in her room the whole of the ensuing day —it was nine o'clock before she ventured forth; and when she did venture out, still veiled, where do you think she went to? Have you ever heard of Bracken Hollow ?'' Again O'Donnell nodded. ''Bracken Hollow is over three miles from this, and four from Lewes ; a tolerable walk, as poor Davis found to his cost. It was a nasty drizzly night, the roads muddy, the darkness intense, but Miss Herncastle went over the way as though she knew every inch of it. Davis dogged her — saw her within the gate of Bracken Hollow, saw her knock at the door, saw her admitted by an old woman, and saw no more of her that night. ''He waited until daylight, under the trees, in the drizzling rain; but no Miss Herncastle reappeared. He could stand it no longer ; the fear of rheumatism was stronger than even his professional patience. He returned to Castleford, ate his breakfast, changed his clothes, came to me and told me his story. When I tell you, that Bracken Hollow is the residence of the late Miss Katherine Danger- field's nurse— when you recall the striking resem- blance Miss Herncastle bears to the late Miss Dan- gerfield — the coincidence, you will own, is at least striking. The question, in this state of things, naturally presents itself to an inquiring mind Did Miss Katherine Dangerfield really die at all ?'' ''Go on,''' Captain O'Donnell said, with an immovable face. ''It is a question that has occurred to me many times. The resemblance — noticed by all who ever saw the late Sir John's adopted daughter --the coincidence of age — if Katherine Dangerfield had not died she would be precisely Miss Herncastle's age now-- and, lastly, this familiarity with Bracken Hollow and Katharine Dangerfield's nurse. The grave is there to be sure ; and yet ? However, never mind that at present. Davis had a double duty to perform— to keep one eye on Sir Peter, while the other was on the ex- governess. We had run the ex-governess to earth ; we might leave her safely at Bracken Hollow for the present, and watch the baronet's movements. It will be a horrible thing for Ginevra, this separation. A woman in this case becomes totally extinct for life. I want to arrange matters amicably for this time, and I fancy it will be a lesson that will last her for life. I had sent Frankland back to town. I had called upon Sir Peter at the Scarswood Arms. I found him sullen, and doggedly obstinate beyond all description. '' I've no objection to seeing your lordship for once in a way,'' said this amiable nephew-in-law of mine ; ''but if you've come to talk of your niece, or plead for her, I warn you it's of no use.'' ''I ventured a mild remonstrance— ' the natural levity of poor Ginevra's character--her vanity--her love of balls in general— the deception of that in- famous governess,' etc., etc. It was all eloquence wasted. ''Women of thirty-five should have outgrown their natural levity,'' returns my sulky baronet ; 'and her vanity and love of pleasure have made a fool of her once too often. I told her not to go, and she went ; I warned her of the penalty, and she defied me. I don't care a fig whether it was Miss Herncastle or Major Frankland — she thought it was Frankland, and that's enough. I'll never see her again — I'm blessed if I will! I'll have a separation — I'm blessed if I won't!' Only the word the noble baronet used was not ' blessed.' Upon that I left him and set Davis on the watch. ''He spent the day alone ; when night came he went to Dubourg's gambling-house. Davis entered, too, keeping well in the distance, his eye on Sir Peter. He staked and lost, staked and lost, again and again. He played for an hour, losing steadily. In a state of savage rage he was rising to go, when a waiter brought him a card with a line or two pen ciled on the reverse side. He looked astounded, Davis says, read it again, dropped it, and went for ward to meet a atranger who entered. I'll show you that card presently. Davis picked it up un- noticed, and I think it will surprise even you. (To be continued.) 