ACADEMY OF MUSIC. I MRS Q, B. W. LEWIS* DRAMATIC I COMPANY. I ' HAMLET.' I There can be no denying tbe fact tbat the public taste for Shakespearian drama is on ihe wane. No matter bow well tbc picccs may be staged, or how clever the exponents of tbc bard of Avon, it is difficult to till a theatre with a rrally enthusiastic audience. So it was tbat, although Mrs Lewis' talented company did full justice to tho I sublime tragedy of Hamlut at the Academy i of Music lost evening, tbe attendance was not £ what might have been expected, although it 1 was goo i. Those who were there, however, 1 were forcibly struck with the very clever I rendition placed before tliem. Tbc staging ?I was good, the acting was far above tho l| average, aud the dressing was in all respcctf 11 what it should bavo been. To the II ordinary Shakespearian studt-nt it comes If difficult to fully realise tbat & lady I . can do the part of the melancholy Dane full JQ t justice. Past experience has taught many k that soch a popular idea is a fallacy, for ladits have essayed to take the role, and in doing so fticy have shown marked ability. Mrs Lewis last night assumed the part, and in no manner was it wanting in force, in grace, or in tbc ncccssary elocutionary deliveries. It was the Hamletof tbc 6tndcnU The linos were given mthacli ar enunciation and a pleasing fulness that was very edif ing, and tbe | movements urvl g.siures were r dignities and natural. There was no strain- ' ing after a ridiculous cffcct. It was simply tbc production of an ciiucatcd and gifted oerson. To many, Mrs Lewis' acting of Hamlet was a revelation, and one that will long t)c treasured in tbc storehouse of m'-mories. Mr Fred. Kemclton was cut as Claudiue, King of Denmark, and he acquit t-d himself with exceptional ability. Queen Gertrude lost nothing at the Iiand6 of Miss Jenny Bryce, who sustained tbo part with tbe necessary tact. MrClemout Wakefield was entrusted with a double cast, Laertes and tbc first player, and in both be succee led in giving a first-class exhibition of bis histrionic powers. Mr L. Truebridge pla.-cd Horaiio with marked ability. Mr J. Costcllo bb Polonius was well cast. Xbc Ghost of Mr F. C. Appliton left nothing to be desired. Miss Francca Grahamc took the }-art of the gentle Ophelia, &n; t she thoroughly earned the hearty applause she received. The player Queen was performed by Miss Gwynno i Ucrrick, and Mies Dora Southern looked I well as the Que^u's lady in waiting. The grave;- ard sc ne was a Very effective one, \ ; Mr Walter Carle being good as the first V grave-digger, and being ably supported by '1 R Mr T. Howard, as the a cond grarc-digger. fig The subsidiary characters were all well bus- B taincd. B 