FRIDAY, DECEMBER 20iir,' 1895.' Iris "the' unexpected which usually happens. "'Until, recently we were kept lively by the attempts of the French. Press to goad - Great Britain to some hostile demonstration ; then i there was a mild scare about Russian j designs in the East which might bring England on the scene, when, suddenly, there comes a miserable little squabble between Great Britain and the small South American repub lic of Venezuela about a boundary line, and in the course of hours it brings England and the United States almost to the verge of war. The I cablegrams informed us about a week ago that the United States Government had advised Venezuela to j pay the £12,000 British indemnity i demanded. It is not clear if this J advice was acted upon. In any caso ! it seems to have left the boundary j question asbetweonBritish Guiana and j Venezuela unsettled, and this consti- j tutes the present difficulty between j the Cabinets of London and Washing- i ton." President Cleveland, finding 1 that the British Government declined to submit the boundary dispute to arbitration, lias sent a message to ( Congress declaring that the IGfnited' FStStsT6OTerhpenfcVHl fix~tiie botmd - j j ary7-ffind--any departure from its j : decision: tviil~'be "met by force. In | bther words, if Lord SAlisbcuiy insists j on the terms that he has laid down i for settlement, there will be war. It is a bold announcement, and only for a keen acquaintance with the policy of expediency which governs the acts of all weak American- presidents, one would regard the situation as critical indeed. ■ But American official pro cedure is not to he judged by British standard. When an ambitious retiring President finds that he is becoming unpopular at the close of his term of office, and that his party is likely to: be in a minority at the next Presidential election, he casts about for some popular cry that will attract the multitude. This is pre cisely President Cpewelaxd's position attlus juncture. He .entered upon office with a large freetrade majority. He is about to leave itwith a Con gress and Senate diametrically op posed to his views: - His freeirade card is played - out, and there appears no ghost of ■ a chance' of his .re- appointment, nor of another free trade President being elected. Some battle cry to rally the country became, therefore, a necessity, and could any thing.have been more opportune than \- the Venezuelan difficulty, by which the British lion's tail could he twisted to the delight of every hoodlum throughout the Union ? Had not the " Clan-na-Gael" recruited a regi ment to prey on England in the:, event of a ' war between •her and another - power, and was thero not here,, at least, the nucleus of an electioneering force for .Ihe. coming-Presidential campaign ? ■Geoves" CEbveiAED,-*.-- - therefore, daiinched his thunderbolt in an asser Jion.pf .the.Monroe doctrine; which is, that;any extension of European power onirAmerican - soil shall be resisted. •The'principle laid -down is one which Great Britain has always scrupulously respected,. and in seeking satisfaction from Wenezula.sho :is .not attempting • to;!Ii enlarge'--the-'"'area" -of' ^-British Guiana.. She.-^is ' simply >. insist ing . that:....the :South--American State,shall.,respect- -tho- boundaries, already laid down, in >this-"respect ^Venezuela being-the aggressor: 'How tlie Monroe theory can apply . to 7 this it-*is*:difficult. to,see,- and it.is - only, by .almost strained interpretation--of - it -thatrHr GnEVEmvxD'has: found" occa sion to assume so bellicose an attitude. It is satisfactory to note that-,-the British.Press has hot imitated its/New; York.-con temporaries: in-indulging5 in wild-utterances over this unfortunate outbreak of Presidential fever. I'hat Lord Salisbtjkt.maj: be safely" trusted to bring • the matter .to a bloodless' conclusion.', none. will - doubt, --more: especially when :the radical Press : of i England declares its full confidence in i him in this respect. _ _ 