wpSSpis." fiE ST. KiiiDAITEA ttAPPY fowepttei Patsthan E. Keogh. Fftzpiatfipk the Alick Bannen- : - , man of St, Kilda. n.':£. Trott Batting In Great \- Form. \- A Day fop Batsmen- IFiVe Piavers Scope the Centurv. t h - Br BaTwair," I " We don't want to see yon for a month tor two yet." This was the reply I got ' grfjfn Mr, S. Ritchie, of St. Kilda, a couple tefweeke back when I expressed to him my intention of takugmy animal cruise , jroimd fhe eeasiders' gronnd. A scarcity for watei aud late 'football -had -to! d -itc tale, and the hqie 'of the hon. secre- tary referred -to -was that the .genial (ehowere which everyone has been longing for would have fallen, and given things the freshening np they bo much want, jfee&ce; I looked them np,. But -the teSZirad downpour would not come, and fas I could not pnt off my visit for -go long a period mentioned above, I 'determined to have a peep at the head quarters of the Saints and see things as they axe. | A state of " dryness" certainly pre- j vails there, bnt M 'Shane, the curator of the clnb, mnst not be blamed for that, for tbe supply of tbe precious fluid (and it ie preplans at . St. Kilda) ia so limited that it takes " Mao" all his time to keep the centre of the turf green. Bnt by work ing early and late, he has managed to do >that, and to provide wickets that have I given the nsnal satisfaction. What is mainly required, though, ia that .the oatlying portions of the ground be filled up, which prooess would absorb : hundreds end hundreds of loads of stnff. ; Improvements, however, cost money. And, as that commodity is, like the water, i rather scarce, I am afraid members of the fiold clnb will bays to bide a wee before ' they see the enclosure present the eppear- Vanoe they would like it to. However, in spite of all difficulties Such as a diminished revenue creates, the 8t. Kfldaites are a very happy family. If last season's football receipts were not as large aa daring previous winters, they 4tave (he satisfaction of knowing that the members' roll fo expanding, and that on that roll Are Many Indefatigable ' . Workers, t Who are hacked np by a etrong executive Which, in torn, can look to Messrs. Ritchie and Hatch to farther the elnb'e interest in every way. The former has been hon. secretary for a long time, and is generally esteemed for the manner in wmch he carries ont his dntiec. The same may be said of Mr. Hatch, who is an ideal treasurer. The assistant hon. secretary is Mr. H. Siddelev, and Mr. Ritchie represents the club on the Vic torian Orioket Association. Tbe eycliBts muster In force Bt St. Kilda, the asphalt track being always kept in fine order and much appreciated ' by the wheelmen. The surroundings of the ground have always been of a most cheerfal nature, and the advent of the Bdherents of eycling has added a great deal to the attractiveness of the spot. When 1 come to the playing strength of the Red and Blackites I can say they ore stronger than they have been for many a season, having plenty yonng and improving exponents of the game on the side. My old friend, " Mao," waxes jquite eloquent when he dwells upon the Capabilities of the team, especially singling ont GQly Wilson and Ernie Keogh. Tbe former finished up last season with an average of 60-75 in pen- mant matches, and is in fine trim again. lOf E. Keogh the veteran's opinion is that -there ere few better bats ronnd Mel bourne, bnt he is jnst a bit too risky, I hope that both on and off the field all will .go well with the eeasiders, for they have long struggled right manfully to make 'themselves what they should be — a tower (of strength in the orioket world. ; There was ho mistake about the Hneatherlsst (Saturday — k was hot, and la. etrongish northerly breeze, aooom- Ipsnied, of course, by dust, added to the 1k discomfort of the day. Evan on the Ronth Melbourne ground, where nsurily a oool spot, under almost any conditions, can be found, Tbe Heat was Intense, imajring it mpst trying for the players. The St. Kildaitss were there, and. their j captain bring fortunate enough to win the toss, they were able to bat on about as jPerfeot a wieket as one oould wish for. 'There was plenty of grass on it, conse quently it was not too fast— in foot, it was just what batsmen could revel in. . The eeasiders, at any 'rate, appreciated it, for they have 284 to their credit for the loss of seven wickets. Gilly Wileon's share is 131, and I must credit him with having played an almost perfect innings. He was two and three- HiiBftci uuuiB liwupiuug tue score, &na; during that time he made but two fonlty strokes, viz., when Ingleton missed bim when he had put together 123, end when Kemp caught him at short-leg off a full toss. The nature of his batting will be gauged from the fact that he hit 18 fours, toe ball going in every direction by ' Powerful and Well-timed I Strokes. II must congratulate him upon so meri- , torious a display. And coming after his . other sucoesses, it shows that he is rapidly becoming one of our first flighters. : One thing is certain, that when be is at j the wicketB bis batting is always at, . tractive. Fitzpa trick went in first with Wilson, . and was ont first for 17, daring toe oom- ' diatom of which he oecnpied two hours. He is tbe Aliek Bennerman of toe St. i Kilda team. E. Keogh's contribution was 40, and, like his captain, he played in first-class style. He is the master of about every stroke that s batsman should have, and lays on the wood in no nnoertain manner. If he will only steady himself a bit, there is no reason why he should not get rons in any company. He bit three 4's. Batch was responsible for 26, and though he did not display his usual dash, he made his runs correctly and well, 16 of them being from boundary fails. '. Seven wicketsj were down for 246, -when those present thought toe Beginning of the End Had Arrived; but Ahem snd Donlop getting together played ont time, toe total at toe finish ; being » stated above. Dtmlop is 25 (not out) and Ahern 18 (not ont). Owing to the game of tennis having occupied most of Dunlop's attention of late he has not been able to give much eima to cricket, bnt, notwithstanding his inability to get practice, he played very well, particularly on the on side. . - was a steady innings right . throngb. Naturally toe Southerners fel t 1 the heat very much, un& consequently, .-(he fielding was hardly Up to the marl, -though t Tilings- Whre arid ldmer .held av, 'ii&,',YriujBt he mehtiotiOTfor his Bjsl vsr.Tte Heigh downfoll to his" Bxhartoerii,beiiig finely - feauhht. : _ Trott tried six bowlers, but GOler foas the only one who -proved. af alUdifficult to Stop, and he really ' .: f.n Trundled in Bplndid Form. Xu hu.firat -twelve overs 89 .runs -ware hit, but he then came with e rush, taking fonr wickets for only 6 rons in'the next four overs.' When toe stomps Were drawn he had six for 68 — a fineperformanee, con sidering the conditions under which he bowled. Ingleton, though he was very success ful the Saturday before, end., the one before that, oould not do anything with his " wind-jammers." Indeed, before he had sent down miany overs he had glowed down to little more than a medium-pace bowler. Trott got the only other wicket, and at a cost of 73 runs. Wilson, especially, was 66V8K6 On dipping fiim OQ aide time after time m £ne atyle. St. Kilda, go far, have every reason to feel satisfied with themselves, and they look forward to setting their opponents somewhere about 330 or 340 Runs. Wobetide those teams whioh go to the JoUmonters enolosure and lose toe toss when..toe wioket is in toe eondition.it was on Saterdoy. Fonr wiokets for 821 —this is the state of their game qgsinst Fitzroy. And it is something to aay that not a chance was given daring the after noon, except, of .conrse, those whioh led to the dormfall of the batsmen. A. E. Trott has onoe more to be con gratulated upon having achieved century distinction, after baving given a display equal in every way to toe High Standard He has Ever, Shown when getting runs. 121 was his total which included 14 fours. As usual, his was a punishing innings, nearly all toe rons being made in front of the sticks. Next comes F.Laver.with 67. Frank, like "Albert Edward," was at home to;the bowling " right away," as oar American oousins would say, and was never troubled until Schmidt held him offTwentyman. The East Melbourne commander hit 10 fonra. Now Percy Lewie' doings mnst be told. He is not ont and has 66 to his credit, and no one conld wish to see better batting. He sent tbe leather to the boundary 12 times for fours, and did not make a mistake. When the stomps were drawn he Looked All Over a Century Scorer. J. Harry had to be content with a modest 29, and owed his retirement to a beautifully taken catch by Mitchell, who was bowling. Jack got well on to the ball, bnt tbe Fitzroy craok stock to it like a leech. Harry Stuekey had hit np 22 when the umpire found him with his leg where his bat ought to have been, and as a ball from Drysdale bit that member, end the bowler having appealed, a l.b.w. verdict was given against the ex- North Mel- bournite. M'Alister is 8( not ont.) As only fonr of the East Melbonrnites have been disposed of, the Northern team can hardly escape from having Another Good Dose of Fielding before toe last of the home side comes to grief. Fitzroy tried nine bowlers, bnt the wicket and the excellent batting of toe JoUmonters took- the heart ont of all of them. The visitors, however, fielded in great style, Smith, in the outfield, and Ramsay Mailer, at point, bring most noticeable. Beecham was an absentee, and Spear kept wickets instead, And Most Creditably. Daring Trott's occupation of the wiokets Drysdale plaoed fonr men on toe leg side and tried the" leg theory." But fbe ruse did not come off. Indeed, the " Prince " rather appreciated the change in toe attack. I thoughtjthat Williamatown's total of 147 was not large enongh for Port Mel bourne. The latter were not got rid of until they had amaBsed a total of 184. I don't know, thongh, how they would have got on hadGrighton not come to the rescue with the fine score of 109. It was an achievement of which he has Every Reason to Feel Proud, and the tide should be elated also, for his 'performance placed them in a winning position. I am assured he played a sound and taking innings. Freame, with 23 (not ont), did nsefol work, and so did Purvis and M'Cormack by making 13 and 12 respectively. Tom Hannah's good work With toe baU has again to be noted, bis six wiokets costing turn bnt 72 rons, fonr of them being cleaned bowled. Watson, too, trnndled with . effect, for he captnred three for 87. Sutoliffe took toe other for 40 rone. Then the players from "over the water" again tried their hand at run- getting, bnt Swain and -Orightoa were not in toe nnmor to let the visitors " paBte " them undnly, and wieket after wieket fell in qniok Buooession, until at 6.80., when play ceased, Jthe record was seven for only 70. Grubh 18, Sutoliffe 18, and Murray 10, readied doable figures, but tbe others proved easy victims to toe trundlers named. Williamstown are only 83 rons to the good with three wickets to foil. North Melbourne and Hawkshurn, having toe bye in their respective divi- frinns. triad Gnnelnsions nn tna irwnrtnd nf toe former. It will be a two day's' go, and so for the Northerners have somewhat toe best of it. Batting first, toe visitors put up a total of 170, of which Eddy Bush made 87\. He was favored a good deal by luck, but between the chanceB He Played Pluckily and Well. O'Grady totted np 89 in qniok time, and twioe got A. Carlton over the boundary for 5's. Sparrow batted nicely for a dozen, bnt the rest shaped poorly against J. Carlton and Saunders. Speaking to some of the Hawks- burnites abont tbe game, they said the wicket was too fost for them. And no doobt that feet bed something to do with their collapse. J. Carlton secured five wickets for 69, and Saunders five for 62, toe latter bowl ing particularly well — indeed, toe side is More Pleased with Him every match he takes part in. Northhave lost a couple of wickets for 61, A. Carlton hitting hard for 40 (not ont). Hawkshurn had seven wickets down for 70 rons ; then toe next did not fall until 70 more had been hoisted. North had Messrs. Hons ton, Maplestone, G. Etuckey, and Fox ewey. E. Besn canght three men at mid-off. Walton appro- prubbeu tun tnu vrAVAQbo uxat vue uuuia side lost. - Tbe match' will be concluded next Saturday. " It's a long lane which has no turn ing." A Brightonite said thie to me last week as be contemplated the result of tbe first day's play in the match Brighton v. Coburg. I do not feel quite sure that he expected another defeat for tbe eeasiders, but I think he felt a bit anxious regarding the ability of the side to make tbe total compiled by Coburg, viz., 283. And it would appear es if the turn in tbe lane Has at Length Been Reached, for Brighton have pnt 255 runs to heir credit with bat four wickets down, which means that they have six wickets in band and only 29 rons to make to get ahead of their opponents. Morton got bis century and 14 more, but Beulke, for tbe visitors (for toe match isbririgpfoyadat'debutg),«i0t4obeAntl dope, baa-also shoWm what mottfo (te it made -by'AbM -carrying off tot bongs which go ito toose bMBBien who score a hundred oruver. .His total da 317, and he is not ont. It -was a valuable contri bution, made just at toe right timo- Hours ure numerous in his total -There Are 17 : bf them,- and no ' less than, 41 singles! He appears to have played a steady game, and' waited for: the ball that was hittable. He is to be . con gratulated upon bis enceess. ' Moon's batting, too, must receive the recognition it deterves, tor by getting 80 hedid immense service for his tide, And' it was a- highly ereditable display. He hit -12'- fours, - Take those - . on > other grounds, the wicket was in . beautiful order, uhdthe on (fielding part so fost that once the hall (tit past a fieldsman, it was almost invariably a foiir. Oobnrg tried six bowlers, end Morton, O'Bhannessy, Mailer, and Hyde eaoh got wieket-' O'Shanriessy's cost 45 rnns, Morton's 69, Mailer's 44, and Hyde's 81 runs. M'Innes let tores balk only past -him, and they went for fonr byes each He Did Good Work behind toe sticks. Thompson, Chandler, Franois, Vendy, H. Orford, and Prop- sting w91 bat for Brighton in the order named. - Bendigoniast are at last to have their wish gratified, Viz., tost of Beeing a Vic torian eleven engaging the local players at Bendigo, The selection committee of toe V.O.A. met last Tuesday, and oh'ose the following players Messrs. J. Carl ton, 8. Dbnahoo, J. Harry, W. G. Ingleton, P. Johns, - F. Lever, R. Mit- chell, D. M'LeoSi W. Eoohe, T. Tatchdl, A. E. Trott,' and T. Warns. Subse quently, es J. Harry and T. Tatohall oannot go to Bendigo, C. Perymari and H. Stnokey wore selected in their plaoes. The teem will leave by the first train to- morrow morning, nnder tbe management of Mr. H. H. Budd, end the mutoh' against 15 cf Bendigo and distriot will be playpl on that and tbe following days, The combination is strong in all depart- ments of the game, and should afford the local lovers of the sport an opportunity of seeing a fine display of all-round cricket. Regarding the bazaar reoently held in the Bonth Melbourne Town Hall in aid of the 8.M.C.C., Mr. J. O. Cummins tells me that the net proceeds will Amount to Quite £1000. This is a splendid result, and has amply repaid all coneerned for the hard work they had to do in connection with the affair. The executive committee of the S.M.C.C. consists of Messrs. J. Aitken (president), J. Nixon, R. Miller, and J, O. Cummins. The latter acts as hon. secretary. The South Melbourne clnb can boast of 70 new members sinoe toe commence- ment of tbe season. The club now owes abont £1800, and the amount has been taken up by deben tures. The Players have bad their annual game with a team from tbe M.C.C., tbe uialci having been played on the letter's ground last Wednesday, and ended in a draw. The club scored 88 for four wickets, against a set of 201 by the Players. Warne and O'Halloran, 41 each, and Phillips, 33 (not |ont), did best for toe " pros. ;" while Dawkins, 40 (not ont), and Graham, 35, Played Beautiful Oicket for M.C.C. By the way, this 40 (not out) by " M. F. D." makes me feel that he would not be altogether ont of place in At Least the Second Eleven of the old club, and possibly his inclusion All U1D DtUllUf IvttUI WUIUU Utlll WcAftUa- Its For M.C.C. R. M'Leod took three wickets for 36 ; Ahern, two for 19, Tremble, four for 74 ; end last, but not least, Graham, one for 8. I am told that the secret of the latter'e auocesB is that be trundled from the right end, and before starting operations removed hie sash. Who knows bat what the saviour of Victoria in the cricket field has at last been unearthed ! There wa6 a great old finish to a match at Richmond last Wednesday, when teams from tbe R.C.C. and the police met. The guardians of tbe peace batted first, and their total wae 123. Then the Yellow and Rlaokites tried their hand at run making, and slowly but Enrely tbe constables' get was being approached. But the wickets of the local players were also steadily felling. At last the only remaining batsmen were together, viz., Messrs. J. Gareido and H. Lampatd. Three runs were wanted to win, and Garside let ont and got two of them. Then, amidst shouts of enoonragement from the reserve and ground, he settled himself For the Final Struggle with the 6ft. 6io. bowler opposite bim. With bated breath those present waited for the delivery of the next baU. It was delivered, swish went Captain Garside'e bat (a little bit across I may tell yon), the ball canght the edge of it, bat only to tarn the leather into the wicket. Rattle went the bails, and up went a shout loud and long proclaiming a tie— 123 all; Lampard 8 (not out) the proudest man of the 22. Bo finished the contest between tbe Richmond Wanderers and the Police, I must not omit to say that for the latter Macartby played finely for 73 (not out). University have done well against Melbourne, but they are not altogether satisfied with the 237 they made. M'Kinnon got going to the tune of 08, and played a thoroughly Bound innings. ' D. Sutherland followed up hie success of the previous Saturday by compiling 47 in good style, aud Green 22, Alsop 19, Fitzgerald 18, Raleigh 13 (noc out), and wickets were pretty equally divided amongst the bowlers, Phillips doing best by taking three for 47. If the much longed for rain only comes down a little heavier than it has done the last couple of days University may be all right, hut if it does not Melbourne will, no doubt, Score Their Third Win. Carlton went down to Richmond lost Saturday, and gave the locals a taste of their quality by running up a total of 320 for the loss of five wickets. Warne has once more shown that he is far above tbe average as a batsman by putting 120 runs to his credit, and he is not out. And that he Played a Sterling Game may be judged from the fact that be did not give the ghost of a chance. He made most of his runs by clean, well-timed drives. Rolfe played in dashing Btyle for 52, hitting 10 fours and a five. The score mentioned took him about half an hour to make. Hannah also shaped very nicely for 60. Richmond tried 10 bowlers, Whitehead being the only one on the side who did not have a go with the ball. Richmond, though in a knot as far as their bowling was concerned, fielded like Trojans, and the nsualjcompliment must be paid to Howes Jot the way he kept wiu&eiiB.; Prior to toe commencement of the match, Richmond v. Carlton, tbe pen nant that the local team won in the B section was formally hoisted by Mr. G. H. Bennett, who in a neat speech wished the old club every success. Another draw in the Boyle aud Scott Cnp competition takes place this evening at the Hotel Metropole, Bourke-etreet West. Richmond City proved for too strong for Brunswick, whom they beat by an innings and 91 rnns. The latter, in their second innings, scored 102 rnns, Kelly 18, and Buncle being tbe only ones who troubled tbe City truudlers. Howes did a great thing by takiDg four wiokets for five runs. Foots orav. in their two innings, could only total 81 0,ondas North cote made 385 in one, toe latter won by an innings and 75. Ifor'toB iomra rietehifiowod excellent fi&a-wihn;'iobk-ttoTmokett&r; 90j- Newman.jfiYp.tog €0| jmd Ooomber two for 98. . .i . .-j Wtiesrunllaflaon hfe%aIiome'agBin, an? ?n?y'<toy toare.r'A right good wbl- tionu ne iwiU.get.-r Hay we.inee J»ni opposing ne on the Melbourne gronnd on Boxing Day. I ah) snxe'-'tns-eiight -to strain a point -and allcwlnmto playifhe. is required. ' ,V '" 1 ' " ' A. L. Yuille/ohe cf tits ttaunchest and Jbttt supporters of topBrigHjpAjelnhj.hae metonted that institution with a Rag bearing toe letters -B.G.G.- -The flag is 12 feet long by 6 feet broad. The gift ia mhcb'Bppreciatedby thoclubVihembsrs. Itisjost what -was -wanted. - - - - - 