KATIE. THERE are few more cheerful places on a cold winter night than a smithy with its roaring (ire. The ruddy glow and sparkle of light, the interested faces of the village loungers, the roar of the bellows, and the cheerful ring of the Smith's hammer on the anvil, all combine to make up a comfortable rural picture of light and warmth. The smithy at Godscroft on a cold December evening , was no exception to this rule; it was warm and bright, and filled to overflow ing with village gossips met to talk over . the events ot the day. The group of men collected round the lire was just such a group as may be found round any smithy fire in the countiy, hard-headed, hard-featured, hard-listed, shrewd sensible men; keen politicians, learned in pole mical controversy, fond of argument on most subjects, and able to take an intelli gent, although often prejudiced, interest in almost all the leading topics of the day. Such were the loungers collected round the smithy fire at Godscroft,. listening eagerly to a man who was in many respects dissimilar' to them. There was about him aq easy breadth, a freedom, an expansiveness of gesture and manner, which suggested colonial life. He had an air as if the village street were scarcely wide enough for his swinging stride, as if he felt the little world of the smithy, the arena of the intellectual heroes of Godscroft, narrow and circumscribed. .He was good-looking, with a sun-em browned complexion, and dark eyes with a merry twinkle in them; while a strong v squarely-cut chin and jaw gave character to a face that wpuld otherwise have been j only weakly good-natured. A large] wiry-haired dpg,: of. 9 mongrel and non descript type, lay at his feet,, and formed the theme of conversation. ' It's a bonny dog o' its kind, and a guid dog, I'se warrant; but I will never, allow that it's a collie,' said one speaker. 'Did I ever say that it was? .It has nothing of the: collie about it, although it has more than, a cpllie's intelligence.' * It's a dour-looking beast,' said another. ' It reminds me of a wolf I once saw in Wombwell's menagerie, that came round this country-side four years ' ago come Lammas.-Ye'll mind it, Geordie?' I ?You're none so handsome yourself, Jock,' said the stranger,' that you should j object to the want of beauty in others.! Did you never hear tell of the old pro \- verb," Handsome isas handsome does ?" Bill, here, is better than he is bonny, and that he has proved.' 'Tell us all about it. It's just grand to hear ye telling1 these outlandish stories,' said one of the bystanders. ' It would be away out there in Aus tralia, I'se warrant,' said another. ' Yes, boys, it was,' said the tall, bronzed, bearded man who owned Bill; and he tossed back nis hair and gave his forehead a rub, as it to quicken the bump of memory, and straightway began. ' You want Bill's story, mates. Well, Jiereit is. Some of you here, I don't <doubt, will remember that when the old man died in the hard winter of '70,1 left I the old country, that was pretty well used up for me, to try my luck in the Austra-! lian gold-fields, where they used to tell us down here that the gold might be got1 for the mere trouble of lifting it up. What I got, and that was never very] much, took a precious deal of hard work, j I can tell you ; 'and what with one thing and another, I tired of it, and went up j the country to a big squatter, a kenned ^ tuan and a kindly, for he was one of Hunter of Godscroft's sons, and hired myself to be one of his shepherds. 11 bad a good berth with him, nothing to complain of, either in the way of work, or meat, or wages ; but it was the out station, and it was terribly lonesome. I missed my mother, poor old body, more than I can tell you. Many a time it would have done my heart good just to tiave heard the click of her knitting needles, or seen the vhisk of the skirts of her old black gown ; and sometimes I laughed, and sometimes I almost shed tears, when I thought how it would have amused her to have seen me with my sleeves turned up kneading damper, or toasting a bit of mutton at the smoky fire. ' Howe«er, it was butter, as I often said to myself, to be alone than tethered to a bad neighbor; and my sheep kept me in so much work that 1 had very little time for thinking. Every now and again they would take a wandering fit, and I w.juld get up some fine morning and find the half of the hirsel gone ; and nothing for it but to scour the country far and near | till I came upon the track of them. I have seen me ride fifty miles before I came up with then).' ' Rh, man. hut ye would be fearsome ! when yc did,' said an old school-fellow appi'-iiaiively. The ijijj Australian withered him with a look, and went calmly on. ' I was out one day after a lot of these long-legged woolly trespassers, that were a; swift as deer, and as cunning as the oldest fox in your spinneys here ; and I had not seen as much as a print of one of their feet. I had been riding since tiie morning broke, and I was spent with hunger and fatigue, when the night came down upon me pitch dark, not a star visible-a deep Egyptian darkness that could almost be felt. I could not so much as see my hand when I held it up before me.' 'Ye were aye a bauld hilly," said another retrospective school-fellow, 'but that would daunton ye. What did ye dn ?' 'What could I do? To turn back was more dangerous than to go forward. I let my horse solve the difficulty ; he seemed lo see what was before him; I could not; and we went on, and on, and on till I saw a shimmering gleam flash through the mirk darkness of the night, and heard the rush of water. It was a creek, as we call (hem in those parts; and as the horse made no pause, I rode boldly on, and by God's mercy, rather than my own good guidance, we stumbled on a place that was fordable, and got safely to the other side. The steep bank vras overgrown with bush, as I could see by a glint of moonlight that flashed out all of a sudden, and 1 was just taking a look round to see if I could make out where I was, when my ears were pierced by the most awful cry I think I have ever heard. It was so loud, and so shrill, and so full of pain, that it fairly made my blood run cold. I leaped out of the saddle in sheer fright, and looked round me like a man bewildered. The wide bare pastures and scrubby bush around were void of any human habitation, and yet it was like the cry of some poor human creature in the extremity of dis tress. It was so ghastly, so unearthly, that the horse I was riding, although he was a steady old brute, shied, and swerved sharply round. He was in such a panic, that I could not help remember ing mothei's old-world stories about ghosts, although I tried to tell myself that there was no such thing. However, ghost or no ghost, I was bound to go on ; so I set a stout heart to a stey brae; and when I found that I could not force the terrified brute up the bank, I dis mounted, and tied him to a young gum tree. 'I had scarcely set my face to the bank again, when the same cry sounded out once more. 1 tell you, mates, it made the blood run cold round my heurt, it was so shrilly wild, so unearthly, so despairing; and to make it worse, the black night came down on me again mirk and heavy, like the blackness of the parish mortcloth I used to wonder at when I was a boy. 1 had not the least idea in what direction to turn, and was standing irresolute, when I heard the cry again, and it sounded nearer, and was so distinct that I thought I could go straight to the very spot it came from. The bank was so steep that 1 had to scramble up on my bands and knees, often slipping back and stopping to listen ; but I could hear nothing but the soft gurgling splash of the water down beneath me. I was not sure which way to turn, when I heard the cry again right out of the scrub before me. I was in the right direction-that was one good thing; but I will never deny that I was frightened a bit, it was such a terrible cry, and the spot was so lonely. I had that spirit in me, though that I would not go back; and I crept forward on my hands and knees towards the top of the bank, which was covered with a close low bush. It was a bit of a climb, and I had stopped a minute to get my breath, when I thought I heard a low moaning noise close to me. I gripped my revolver, but it was of little use in the darkness, so I took out instead a big bowie-knife I alays carried, and held it ready in my hand. The next moment there was a sort of hurtling rush through the air above me, and something leaped right down upon my shoulders. I gave a yell, and then another; and then away down the bank we rolled, riving and tearing at each other in an agony of mortal fright. A.& soon as I could get my right hand free, I gave a desperate thrust with the knife; and with a yell of rage and pain, the creature dropped off from me; and I heard the thud of it fall on some project ing rock or bush that had caught it in its downward descent. ' I was more frightened than hurt, and soon scrambled to my feet. As a smoker is never without matches, I soon had a light, with which I groped my way down to where the creature lay, and what do you think I found ?' ' A teeger, maybe,' said another old 6chool-fellow. ' Ye silly gowk, there arc no tigers in Australia. I found Dill; but my word, he was not the comfortable well-fed beast he is to-day. I don't think I ever saw j such a dog as he looked then, either before or since. He was a gaunt,' starved skeleton, bleeding slowly from a wound in the side which he had got in his struggle with me. He made no attempt to escape, but lifted his head and gave me a look so pathetic, so almost human in its mute, reproachful appeal for help, that it fairly went lo my heart. I spoke gently to him ; and he looked up at me as if he would fain have spoken and told me his story. He let me stanch the blood that was trickling from his side; and I bound up the wound as well as I could. Ife then1 staggered lo his feet and whined, and caught my sleeve with liis teelli, and snowed me as plainly as il lie had spoken that he wanted me to follow him. ' I took up the lantern and he wagged his tail and lirked my hand ; and we scrambled up the hank together, and then, always whining and looking back, he led the way into the bush. The brushwood was so thick and dense that I was almost heal; I could scarcely force my way through ; but whenever I stopped to gel a mouthful of hreath, he whined and fawned on me, and pulled at my sleeve, and showed such an agony of distress, that I could not but pily the poor dumb beast, and make all the haste I could 10 follow, by this time the day was begin ning to break, and it was not so dark as it had been. He had led me to a sort of cave formed by a shelf of rock projecting from the hank, and there, wrapped in a tartan shawl, was a sight that brought my heart to my mouth. A girl, a bit lassie, so sorely wasted and spent that I lifted l.er up in my arms like a child and carried her out to the open. Her eyes were closed, and she seemed 10 far gone for speech ; but there was life in her still, as 1 could see hy the flickering ol lier eyelids when I stooped down to look at her. ' As for the dof, who had crawled after us, he looked up in my face with his pathetic eyes full of a dumb prayer for help ; and then-for he was fairly beat, and could not, I believe, have dragged his trembling limbs another step- he stretched himself out on the grass beside her and licked her little wasted hand. I was in such a state of excitement myself that I fairly trembled. I scarcely knew what to do; but I got some water and laved her face and moistened her lips; and when she had swallowed a few drops, she came round so far thai she could utter a word or two in a faint whisper. ' Thus, bit by bit t got her story. She and her father and been on their way home from the gold-fields, and he had a considerable sum of money on him, how much she scarcely knew, and it made little matter, for it was all gone. In a darksome gully on the road, he had been set upon and robbed and murdered ; and she had fled into the bush like a dis tracted creature, and wandered about day and night till Bill had come back to her; and she had followed him to this cave, where she had lived for some weeks on such berries and roots as she could lind. She was afraid to leave its poor shelter, for she had lost her way com pletely, and was thoroughly bewildered ; and so, when the supplies of roots and berries-never very plentiful in an Aus tralian bush-began to run short, she gave herself up for lost, and lay down in despair to die. ? Poor thing! My heart was in my mouth as I listened. Gaum and haggard as she was, it was easy to see that she had been a bonny lassie ; and her voice was so soft and sweet that it was like a song from Paradice. "You must not think of dying," I said-"you that have all your life before you, and can scarcely tell yet how pleasant a thing it is to live.' " I have no desire to live longer," she said. " I have nothing to live for, now that my father is goneand she closed her eyes and shuddered. ' She spoke with a pretty accent, and her voice sounded in my lonely ears like the sweetest music I had ever heard ; but although she was so gentle and sweet, she quite knocked all the conceit out of me, and I could only stare and mumble, " No, no, you must not talk of dying." ' When she revived a little, I carried her down to the placc where I had left my horse, and by his aid L got her home to my hut, where she lay for many days more dead than alive. She wanted nothing but a sip of water or tea ; and when she came round a little, a mouthful of damper. It was poor fare for an invalid, and one, too, who had evidently been daintily nurtured ; and I expected nothing but that it would kill her out right. She rallied, however, and got up at last, and crept to the door; and the fresh air helped to strengthen her; and, as was natural for so young a creature, the heavy cloud of grief that had over shadowed her lightened a little, and she began to sing softly to herself, in a sorrowful heart broken way, that sad dened me to hear, but was better for herself, maybe, than the silent despair in which she had been since the day I found her. ' As for Bill here, he had got better long before she was able to move about; and although he always took a charge of her, he showed a great affection for me, and liked nothing better than to follow nie about. ' I could make out nothing clearly about Katie-for that she told me was her name-except that she was the daughter of a poor gentleman ; that her mother was dead; and that she and her father had always been all in all to each other. He had made money at the diggings, but that was gone; she was all that was left; and I could see for myself that she was the bonniest bit lassie that ever gladdened a man's heart. Her eyes were bright and blue, like the dewy blue bells I used to gather when I was a laddie on the Godscroft rigs; her hair had the colour and glint of burnished gold ; and her cheeks began to show the loveliest colour, like that of the sweet fresh wild-roses. ' I think I see her ns if it were but yesterday shaking back the curling hair from her brow, and lifting her bonny bit face to mine, and asking how she was to do this, and what she was to make of that, for she had never been used to work; and I had to show her bow the simplest things were done; but she was quick at the uptake, and never needed to be told i thing twice; and I liked ber to ask my advice, fur when she did so, her eyes would shine like gems, and her face would Hush up almost as if she liked me; but that, I told myself, was impossible. ' The long and ihe short ol it was that I began to like her loo well for my own peace. The only happy moments in my life were spent in watching her, or listening with the keenest delight 10 every word she uttered. She told me often ahout the books she had read ; ;ind she spoke sometimes of the life she hail led 11 life altogether unlike mine. My heart sank within me when I thought it over. tVhat was J that I should tliitik of winning Iter love; I had nothing to offer her hut the true affection of a fond, loving heart. I could not even tell her how well I liked her. I trembled before her like an aspen leaf, and could scarcely get out a word if it were to save my life. That was a rough time on me, mates. I was so wretched, that I got sour and gruff, and spoke sharply to the very creature I could have fallen down and worshipped. So, from less to more, she got to think that I was tired of her pre sence there ; and one evening-hotv well 1 remember it-she was standing full in the blaze o( the firelight, her figure erect, her hands losely clasped before her, her bonny blue eyes fixed wistfully on mine. " I must have been a great trouble to you," she said quietly. " And you have been very good to me. But now I feel quite strong. If you will put nie on the right road to-morrow, 1 will go away with Hill, and never trouble you any more." " Where?" I almost shouted, clutching Bill's collar as I spoke. " fo the city : it was there my father was going." " Have you any friends there ?" "No; I have no friends anywhere; but I have learned to work. I shall find werk there, 1 hope." " Stay with me, Katie," I cried in utter despair. "I have not much to offer you : but I love you-you must have seen now I love you." ' She did not answer me in words but she stole her little soft hand into mine. How happy I was! I could scarcely believe in my own good fortune, for I had never dared to hope that it was pos sible that she couid like me. 'There was nothing to be gained by waiting. Handsome trousseaux are not easily come by out in the Australian nush. We went down to the station, where the parson chanced to be making his rounds, and were married. The very loneliness of our life made our happiness deeper, I think. We were like Adam and Eve in Paradise. I never saw the sun shine so brightly as it did that spring, or the grass look so fresh and green; and my bonny bit lassie was as pleased as a queen and as blithe as a mavis. If I were to speak (or ever, I could never tell you of all the true and tender feeling of a lad and his lass who love each other as we did. Earth was like heaven to us, and that lonely little hut an Eden. Woes me! we were driven too soon from its shelter. ' She was as merry as a linnet, as I said before, and her eyes glanced like diamonds, and her cheek bloomed like the red, red rose ; but for all that, the canker was at the root of my bonny flower. She complained of no pain, and she seemed to grow bonnier and bonnier every day ; yet she grew weaker also, and she knew it herself; but I struggled sore not to see it. " When I cannot stay any longer with you, John," she said, "promise to bury me beside my father." < For I had gone out to the bush and looked for the murdered man, and found him lying where she had covered him up with leaves and moss. A ghastly object he was 10 look at, with his skull beaten in, and his clothes all covered with clotted blood ; and I had laid him in a decent grave, and happit him up close and warm-for love of her, that was even then the very light of my eyes. " Don't speak in that way, Katie," I cried; " I cannot bear it. Oh, my lassie, you are belter to-day-tell me that you feel stronger ?' " I think I do," she answered, looking wistfully at me; but that very night, when we were sitting on a bench I had put up outside the door, she leaned her head against my shoulder, and I thought she was tired, and was falling asleep; but after a few minutes she opentd her eyes, and their was a solemn far-away look in their blue deeps that fairly frightened me. " John," she whispered so low, that I could just hear her by bending down tny ear to her mouth " John, you have been a dear good hus band to me. Kiss me, and hold me fast, for t feel as if I were slipping away." ' Woes me, how gladly would I have heldhe r IT. t f r ever; but I could not; she was slipping away from me, and from all things earthly. There was a flutter of her bonny white eyelids, a long, long gasping breath, and she was gone. Bill, there, is all that I have left of her, and rou h, mongrel tyke as he is, the money is not coined that could buy hirn from me I1 He drew his large brown hand across his eyes. ' It is years since now, and the world has used me not unkindly. I am a prosperous man; and my wife up there*-and he pointed to the village inn behind him-' is a good woman, and has made me an excellent wife, and we are happy enough. I have nothing to complain of; but oh I I never lay my hand on Bill's rough head but I think of my lost love, and the place where she lies by the side of her mur dered father far out in the Australian bush.'- Chambers's. 