LIFE'S SEAMY SIDE. Charles Patterson, a young fellow and a couple of friends were out enjoy ing themselves at half-past one on Friday morning, and engaged a cab man to convey them to their respective destinations. After being driven some distance the night owls jumped out of the cab without troubling to settle for fares. Cabby whipped up and started in pursuit, and coming up with Patter son demanded payment. He however had spent his spare coin in liquoring up, so he could not comply with the request. The cabman, whose name was William Wazeldene then took his fare's hat, and looked out for a policeman. 'Patterson, determined not to be outdone, seized a lamp .from the vehicle and in a scuffle which ensued it was damaged. Constable Fenton then took, up the: running, and Patterson found himself an inmate of the Col lingwood lockup. The foregoing facts were elicited before the local magis trates on Friday morning. Accused explained % that when lie entered the cab he was under the impression that his friends: were going to pay his share. However it appeared that they had no such intention and being fleet of foot got ot of Wazeldene's. reach. Patterson was ordered to pay a fine of 10s, together with 2s 6d damages for the lamp and is 6d costs. Augustus Grahan, a Lithow-street resident got into' trouble with. Con stable Ainsworth, from Richmond." It appears that at. half past.one on the morning of the 27th August, Graham's f;:ther complained that his son was making a noise, and would the con .stable be so kind as to step round, and quieten matters. He did step round, and advised Graham junr. like a good man to go to bed. This he would not do, but.gave the constable' a punch in the back, and also dealt him a couple of blows on the face, causing ,ther blood to 'flow..-Then he-dodged' and ducked, and turned a somersault over a fence close by. The constable thought of following, but upon dis covering there was a barbed wire running along the fence, changed his mind. Lithgow- street resumed its ordinary appearance, Graham went to bed and Ainsworth went on his beat, contenting himself with taking a warrant'for the arrest of his assailant. Graham's defence was that the con stable used unnecessary violence on him. The bench ordered the accused to pay a fine of 20s, with 4s 6d costs. There is a musical' society in Collingwood, and on a recent occasion " The Mikado ' was produced in the town. hall. The performers Yum yummed, and Nanki- pooed to their hearts' content, and to the delight of the audience. - So far so good. 'The. limelight effects were in the hands of one Hodges who after the perform ance presented his little 'account of 30s. However the ghost didn't, walk so Hodges. requested the pleasure of the company of the Mikado's secretary at the Collingwood court, and without limelight effects, and the many pretty and effective costumes (which cost £20 foe hiring) told his' tale. The' secre tary through his solicitor failed to see why. he, out of the whole company should be, made responsible for the money. This all took place the week before last, and an adjournment was. made for a week .in order to allow of the matter being settled in an amicable : manner if possible. Again last Friday Hodges told their worships that the ghost had not yet walked, and there being no appearance on behalf of the Mikado crowd an order was made for the amount claimed, with 4s 6d costs. Denis O'Donnell was committed for trial on a charge of arson. While in a state of intoxication he set fire to a pair of bedroom curtains in a house belonging to his wife. William Martin. being down on his luck and no one ''isposed, to maintain him determined to be kept (as on several previous occasions,) at the country's expense. To effect this he put his fist through the window of a Mrs. Farley, tobacconist, carrying on business .in St..George's.road, North Fitzroy, on the 24th of last month. The result of that act, caused him to be a subject for the gaol -hospital. He appeared on remand at the Fitzroy court on Monday last.- In answer to the bench why he committed so, gross: and wanton an act upon a defenceless woman, .'he coolly re plied that. he might as well go to gaol as walk about. He could get no work, no clothes, and was altogether in 'extremes. Sergeant O'Heare said there were several previous convictions 'againstthe prisoner. The bench taking this into consideration fined him £1 with 15s damages, in default two months' imprisonment., Upon the de cision being given prisoner said, "thank you sir" and was retiring with a smile, when the chairman.(Cr, McMahon, LJ.P.,) said, '!What, come baik." Ser geant O'Heare; "he says thank you sir. Mr. Letham, J.P., " Oh let him -go, let him go through " and Martin, put ting on a broad grin retired to take out his two months amongst his old pals, and yet be out in time for the cu I. Co:,sta1,le Hutchinson taking a walk along Webb-street, near Atherton street on Saturday last .about 11: pim., was somewvhat uilceremoniously ac costed hy a young fellow named Michael O'Brien with a long string of obscene and blasphemous adjectives. Of course as the constable was not in uniform the young fellow thought he was having a go in at a defenceless citizen but he was somewhat surprised and penitent when he found himself landed in the cells. The Fitzroy bench was quite satisfied with the evidence, e and as he had been before the court on previous occasions, he was fined £10 or e three months in gaol. In the case of Jamieson v. Jamieson an order was made for the payment of 10s. per week. It is to be hoped that the action of d the Fitzroy bench on Monday in sen tencing the larrikin O'Brien to a term of three months' imprisoment will have the effect of showing a number similarly r inclined that they cannot conduct themselves in such a manner with im punity. It has been a matter of com plaint that respectable, law-abiding citizens have not been safe in the vicinity of Young-street, between St. David and Johnston-streets. Crowds of fellows are in the habit of assem bling, and at all hours of the day and night insulting passers-by and making use of vile language. A word of credit must be awarded to the Fitzroy police for the way in which they have tried to suppress the nuisance. Ser f geant O'Heare, Plain- clothes Constable O'Sullivan and other energetic and useful members of the local force have put forth endeavors in order to catch the fellows who are source of trouble. But these people know the police so well, g and are so posted in their movements that it has been a matter of the utmost k difficulty to lay hands on them; and it has happened that after considerable t trouble on the part of the police, the local magistrates have not risen to the occasion but have contented themselves by dismissing charges brought against the larrikins who frequent the spot referred to. An instance of this sort occurred only a few days sihce, when four young fellows were discharged Swho richly deserved different treat ment. However the sentence on O'Brien on Monday has struck a chord of terror to.the hearts of the riff-raff Sand it is to lbe hoped less of ruflianisim will be heard of in the future, and this can only -eeftected by the:magistrates upholding the police when-they bring genuine cases under their notice. Elizabeth Milne become intoxicated t on-Tuesday last and was~coiveyed to the Fitzroy lockup. On Wednesday t mornilig she was sorry for the affair, and the magistrates let her off. SWilliam Mde Sweene;y for insulting behaviour was ordered twelve hours' retirement, in the event of a fine of five shillings not being forthcoming. Reuben Skate, for depositing manure on land was fined Is. with 2\. 6d. costs. Inspector Eassie conduc ted the prosecution. John W. Sumner, apprehended by Detective Carter was remanided for a Sweek, on a charge of bigamy. "He can't appear, be~atise he's in gaol." So said Mr. Jamieson who appeared to represent Mrs- Tabb,-who has a claim for maintenance against her husband. The latter is now in gaol on a charge of inflicting grevious bodily harm upon his better half and accord ingly the maintenance case was re manded for a week. 