TOO MUCH ALIKE. The close of the year 1886 found me steerage, fficer on board of the United States ship - , commanded by Captain. S-- -,, and lying in the harbour of San Francisco, bound on a cruise in' search of the Confederate steamer Shenandoah, which was at that tine burning American whalers in the Okhotsk Sea. While recuperating after our long voyage around the Horn the younger officers of the ship were wont to make frequent visits to the shore. Cards and billiards were our usual amuse ments, and in following there pastimes we sometimes found ourselves in queer places and often indangerouslocalities; for 'Frisco was not the place then that is to-day. In those days the city was infested with some of the worst characters, and rascals that ever existed. Upon the night in question all agreed to go in uniform, and as brass buttons and shoulder straps were the predominating feature in our uniform in those days, it was difficult for the landsmen to distinguish between the dress of the steerage and that of the wardroom officers. Sometime during our perambulations on shore I found myself separated from my companions, and after walking about for some time chanced to stop oppositethel' Palace Saloon'-one of the most magnificent but mostlawlessplacea which then abounded in the city. Being ready for almost any adventure I strolled in and called for a bottle of wine; being pretty well supplied with money I was not long in picking up acquaintances. I was eventually invited to take a hand in a game of billiards and soon became absorbed in its fascinations. The room was well filled with a cos mopolitan crowd. While waiting for my opponent to make his' run' I noticed a group whose appearance marked them as belonging to the gambling fraternity fixing their glances upon me, and now and then engaging in a whispered conversation The game being finished a trio of the group -spproached me, and smiling blandly invited metojoin them in a cigar and a chat over a glass. 1 readily assented, and we adjourned to an inner room which was elaborately furnished. The trio sat directly opposite me. Happening to cast my eyes in their direction, I detected a hasty glance pass between them, and imcmediately on of the trio arose, passed out of the room and closed the door. At the saue time I heard the peculiar click of a lock and like a flash it dawned upon me that I was a prisoner. Rising to my feet I demanded an explanation of such conduct, but received in return a malicious sneer. One of my companiona without a word then drew from, his breast a murderous-looking dagger. I saw a once that murder was contemnplated, and springing into a corner of the room prepared to sell my life as dearly as possible. 1My on'y weapon was a small clasp knife which I usually carried about my person. Placing my thumcb.upon the clasp in order to prevent the blade from closing upon my hand and thereby disabling me, I awaited the onslaught whichI was convinced would soon come. M1y two assailants withdrew to a corner of the room; there one of them taking from his pocket something which looked like straws or matches, they proceeded to draw lots. Presently I noticed the smaller one of the two suddenly turn pale. Reach in.i out his hand ihe received the dagger from his companion and deliberately proceeded to measure off about five inches of its blade. He slowly approached me and I felt that the critical moment had arrived. I fixed my eyes upon those of the assassin na he slowly approached me, and uporn meeting my gaze lie seemed baffled for the moment and he paused as his eyes rested upon the knife which I held in my hand. He did not seem to know the exact nature of the weapon, so le retre.ted a few steps. The man's companion, seeing him hesitate, made an effort to urge him on ; butto no purpose, and finally they both withldrew to the further said of the room and again held a hurried conversation. Turning towards me again the one with the dagger lay down on the toor, in order to be Ibelow the range of my weapon, and vorking him self towards me prepared to strike; poising himself upon his right arm and foot, with the dagger in his left hand, he made a fearful lunge toward me; thle blow fell short of its mark. I assumed the offensive. Throwing the whole seighlt of my body forward upon my left foot I lunged forward, but misssd my epponent owing to his low position on the floor. Seeing that I was about to force the 6fight my opponent lost courage and began to sob and cry like a child, and refused to renew the attack, although urged on repeatedly by his companion. While this was going on the suspense to me was terrible; I dared not force the fight, as it was two to one, and I knew that if I left my corner it was sure death. Losing patience the other assassin seized the dagger from the hand of his companion and prepared to renew the attalik. At thlis mdment the door was unlocked and opened, a stranger rushed into the room, and seizing the 'hand that held the.:' dagger <;exclaim'ed: 'You feols, this is not our man I' The wouald-be assassins immediately fled, and turning to me the stranger cautioned me ,to leave the place as quickly as possible. I did not stand upon the order of going, but found my way oat upon the street in quick time. Passing down the street I ran upon an ald friend, Detective Alien. Upon seeing me he exclaimed : * What is the matter-you look as if you had seen a ghost ' I related to. bidi'as briefly as possible my adv.riture> ahd he sasured me that I was lucky to escape with my life, as T had been in the most dangerous place in 'Frisco. I spent the rest of the night with my friend Allen, and early the next miorning wenct on board. That same day we left for the Okhotsk Sea, and on reterning somne two months later we were surprised to hear that Lieutenant Marshall, aUnited States Navy, had been foully murdered and found lying on the streat near the 'Palace Saloon. Great excitement prevailed in naval circles bacause of his death, and tlie most strenuous efforts were made to discover his mnurdeTers ; but they were of no avail. The excitement soon died out, and shortly after our ship was put out of commission and her oficers and crew ordered East. Upon arriving at New York I was ordered to the Naval Academy at Anntpolis.t I was one day strolling about the ancient city when I observed an elderly gentleman approaching me. Extending his hand hee greeted me cordially, exclaming, ' Wall Lieutenant Marshall, how are you I when did you arrive ' Before I could offer any ex planation hisarms was drawn within mine, and before I knew it 1 was at his doorstep. I immediately informed him that he was mistaken, as my name was Mate M-, United States Navy. He could hardly. be convinced, and would not accept my explanation until lie had called one of his daughters, with whom the lieutenant was inti mately scquainted. the mroment site saw me her. woman'a wit detected themistake ; but they all declared that they never saw two persons who so closely resembled each other. The circumstances of that eventful night in San Francisco was thus solved. It seemed that Lieutenanat Marshall had given offence to some of these worlhles whll, fr-queuaed tth. g.,ablaug saloots, anld tlhey had sworln o 'take his life at the first opportunity. Th,* resem?blaalce betweenl myself and their intended victim had indeed nearly cost mne my life.-Public Opinion. 