MUSIC AND NOISE. LECTURE BY THE REV. H. R. HAWEIS. The Athenaeum-hall was again crowded last night, when the Rev. H. R. Haweis delivered his fourth lecture under the title of " Music and Noise." At the outset the lecturer pointed out that music was distinct from all the other and because the musicians received no assistance from nature Then was indeed a vast body of sound in nature, but it was no more music. than the gold in quartz was current coin of the realm As for the statement of the ports that music existed in the murmur of the ways the song of the birds, or the rippling of the stream that was mere nonsense for instance be said ' you have a canary at home in a case and you sit in the next room when it suddenly begins to sing an 1 main line I) in imagination you see its little than at expanded, and its little yellow breast puffed out until you feel so charmed that you must rush into the next room to give it a bit of sugar And then you find that it is little 'tommy making a noise with a penny whistle like line ; and Mr lawes gale the popular imitation by means of a penny whistle and a clay" or water But you are not charmed with the mean) when you find out its Tommy Oh no The real nature of the bird s hong is unmasked Hi association in destroyed Then taking up a large Chinese (song 1 No statement has got me into more trouble than the assertion that the English are not a musical people Well, I say they never i an be so long, as they go in to dinner to a noise like this but perhaps it is the force of the association In the second portion of the order as Mr He we is set Inn at If to examine into the causes of the physical and metaphysical effi etc which music are even upon the human body On the generally known fact that Boun 1 affects the system more than light because the auditory nerve presses with more for the impact upon the brain the lecturer did not dwell but he devotes him so If mainly to proving by means til diagrams and experiments on the violin his theory of the metaphysical effect of music upon the system Tonight Mr Hnwcia will deliver his popular lecture "Mo lead Ghosts and Spin tualism which will be illustrated by unique illuminated whiles j 