SUNDAY READING, (Selected by the Rev. Q. B. Rowe), THE FORWARD MOVEMENT ; . A Pbesent Day Message To The.Chubch. By The Rev.W. Uhsworth. * Speak unto the children of Israel, that that: they go forward. — Exodus xiv. 15. . . I. The forward movements in relation to personal piety. Forward in prayer ; in earnest, sincere, persevering and believing prayer — as ia the case of Moses, Jacob, Elijah, and Christ. ;The. Old Testament definition of prayer is '.power with God.' prayer is that, or it is nothing. We must pray aud not faint : : *pray without ceasing ; pray till the next thing to do is to step into heaven. Forward in faith ; faith in God ; F«ith in ' Christ ; faith in the Holy Spirit.— Spirit- ual redemption is of the grace of God the Father in its origin of the grace of God the Son in its purchase, of the (pice of God theHoly Ghost in its application. We are savpdby faith from first to last, and in every degree of. salvation. ' It must be a : faith increasing as we increase in light and privileges and 'blessings. We must live by faith, walk by faith, stand by faith, be strong in faith. God honors faith because faith honors God. Forward in hope.— Take a favorable view of things. 'We are saved by hope.' We must let it cheer and comfort us on our earthly pilgrimage. In. discouragement, we must say to our soul ; Soul, how foolish thou art to give up Hope while God isief fc ' thee. ' Why art thou cast down, ? O my soul Phope thou in God.' This is tbe rat ional policy of life. .. ?? Forward in purity.— God says;'Bey&- holy ; for I am holy. Holiness is. provided/ promised, and urged upon our acceptance, ' It is at once our privilege and duty to. bo holy. It is- to bis progressive holiness— r growth till we reach the manhood of Christianity. It must bo intensely practical. 'We must not conclude that we are en tirely pure because we are very happy. There must be holiness in tho home, the street, the field, the shop, as well as in religious meetings. Holiness must write our business letters, stamps our biilB, and make our bargains. Forward in love ; till we perfectly Jove God and in ever)' way of life worthily magnify IJis holy name.— Our lov« to God must be true in principle and snpronwia degree. It must be an intelligent lavn, atsd not the blind devotion of the mere devotee. From love to God thwe must spring ami flow love to man. We must so love our neighbour as to think and feel and act for him. The poet Shelley intimated, when in the cathe dral at Pisa that in his belief it would pos sible to found a religion — If the foundation principle were love and not faith.' Well tuere are three constituent principles of the Christian religion, faith, hope, aad, love ; but the greatest of the three is' love. Forward in the exercise of Spiritual power. — Power to conquer sin, to do good, to glorify God, to bless humanity. Not lustingfor Church power orcivil power, but a Christian character, and centring in the Gospel, of Christ. This is power made available for all, while other power may be denied us. Forward in the culture and exercise of all the graces and excellencies of Christianity. ' Love, joy. peace, longstifFexing, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, meekness, teinper . ance.' Not cutting Christianity up into small parts .ind talcing our own favourite portion ; but embracing the whole Christian graces in full proportion, so as to produce iu our character a life-size portrait of Christiajvity. Wo are to grow in grace. The growth is to be sharply and beautiful as in a line tree, or a fine building, or a fine man. AH tho powers of the soul must grow at the same time, growing as a whole into symmetry and splendid completeness. Forward to meet difficulties and to con quer them. — Earth and hell will oppose, but in God's name and strength you will tri umph, and get finer attributes of character from the struggle than you could have had without it. We are more than con querors — we gain and do not lose iu the battle. n. The forward movements in relation to the Church. We must go forward to conquer the world for Christ. — The Israelites had to march forward to conquer nation after nation, that they might take possession of the Promised Land. And so the Israelites uTiderthis dispensation must go forth to conquer the whole world, and take posses sion of it in Christ's name. Ho said; ' All authority hath been given unto Me in heaven and on earth. Go ye therefore, and make dixciples of all the nations.' As if He had said : The world needs you, and I have authority to send you ; go then, and eon vert the world to the principles and prac ticea of the Gospel. ' And they went forth and preached everywhere, the Lord working ? with them, and confirming the word by the signs that followed.' Sinners were saved, Churches wore planted, and Christianity has been growing ever since. But within the last century missions have marvellously multiplied. AH sections of the Churqh have their Foreign Missionary Societies. And missionaries are pushing out into the interior of the vast continents of the earth, and visiting the far-off islands of the sea. And yet there are millions who have not heard of Christian truth. Some think it t?as tha purpose ^of God to prepare tha whole world for Chiist by the Jewish dis pensation. But there was a provocation, md it failed. They ask : Will their be another provocation under Christianity ? ? No ; the Christian dispensation is oue of ? grace and truth, which will save tho nations. The Church will ultimately conquer the nations, and tho earth will be. filled with tho glory of Christ's- saving power. We. must go forward amid the greatest dangers. — The danger to the Israelites, as to us, arose from two sources outward op position and an inward decay of principle. From these causes they wore in danger of a retrograde movement ; and, indeed, were actually guilty. Tho illustrations of it are numerous ?, The worship of the golden calf; frequent murmuring* against God; longing ? ? for the fleshpots of Egypt ; and the indul- [ gences of the earthly life ; neglecting to ex terminate their enemies, who became thorns in their sides ; and the adoption of the gods : of the countries they conquered, though ' they were to be witnesses to the unity of the Godhead. These are the dangers of the Israel of to-day, and they are more to ' be feared than all outward enemies. But ? the outward danger to Israel was real and great. Tbe sea before them, the hosts of Pharaoh behind them, the mountains on either hand. But they were to go forward ; aud God fought for them. It is to be so still ; and the noble spirits will always find God on their side, and victory sure. Christ went forward from one encounter with Satin to another, and also from battle to battle with the children of this world, till Ho triumphed on the Cross. Paul said of dangers: None of these things move me.' 'I am ready not to be bound only, but also to die at Jerusalem.' We must go forward *t the cost of ease and fortune, reputation, and life itself. John the Baptist went forward in his career till he was beheaded. Luther went forward confronted by Pope and and Kings and Church. John Wesley went forward opposed by magistrates and clergy men and mobs. Foreign Missionaries go forward opposed by wild beasts and savage men and inhospitable climes. Homemis aionarics go forward confronted by disease and filth, and disgusting immoralities in the slums of the great towns. Danger aad death must not stop tho progress ? of the church. III. The Church must go forward under tho leadership of properly appointed men.— r It was progrtas s ' ' '-t-, -C; tuniaud of Gqd, but ?' under the Tea ih, hi u'. Moses. The officers must march on ;.. L.:,bi, and the rank and file must follow. Anywhere and everywhere we must follow Jesu.\ the Captain of our salvation. Christ is at the head of the army ; but ministers and Church- ofEcers and Suiidsy-scluol teachers, and all organi zers of Christian labour, must lead on Church workers. We must speak to the children of Israel to-day ; speak kindly and encourag- . : iuglyto them, and show them that their fears are groundless. Speak with the authority given to us by God. Speak with earnestness. Speak to them, telling them not to. waste time and strength in vain regrets. The failure of the past may ; be sad enough, but you cannot alter that. Go forward to make the most of new op portunities. The leaders of the Churches must lead. But if you do, you will lead the meekness of Moses, and th& patience of a Greater than Moses. You may have to lead under great difficulty and discourage ment. God meant that there should he progress under difficulty. If we wait till all difficulties are removed, we shall never do anything for God and the race. Moses had h'g share of difficulties. Those slaves just liberated from Egypt said : ' Because there were no graves in Egypt, hast thou taken ns away to die in the wilderness ?' Moses said : ' Stand still, and see the salva tion of the Lord.' Like many other peo^'e they died before their time, died in mind be fore they die in body. Talk of dying, said Moses, go forward to conquer the elements of nature, and to triumph over Pharaoh and his mighty hosts. 