* TUP0, THE PA&E;&A.; A MAORI BOMANOE. BY . . ATI/A WESTBURY. CHAPTER VIII. fOOVTINUED.) ^ „ The sun had faded from the horizon and the darkening twilightvwas fast \- shrouding everything, it was therefore ?.????? very difficult for any small object to be seen. Sometimes swept downward in \- ? the hollow of the waves, with a moun t-i- - ' tainous swell looming before, and ««?????? innnthpr rnllinc onward in rear, and vpowxi- seeming as if it would engulf him — the \- -sturdy swimmer held on his way. In -a- very short time he had neared the object, and saw. with delight that it was : . ? c ? ihe unfortunate lady. She was making strenuous efforts to keep herself afloat, He called out lustily to her, and she ? r heard him, and the pale, grand face lost its wild, terrified look. As l'an shawe attempted to get hold of her, she ?V.' : made a sudden dash at him; had she ' vv . ? : . succeeded they would both have rt ? perished then and there, but the officer v. ?:-- ? observed the movement and made a ? ? sudden dive, rose behind her, and ? . catching her by the hair held her up. : 'Oh! my uncle! my dear uncle, -shall I ever see you again ?' she ex ? claimed, -amid the gurgling of the ^ ? ? water in her throat. .v.-/-.'; q ' '? Havenofear! Keep your presence ? : ? of mind, if possible; and remain quite passive in my hands, and I will con .'ji-.-c- :v-; :r*i-'-r, ? ? ?? trivc to keep you above water until help arrives.' She turned half round to look at v ' him, and he saw her lips move, but he rv!.':/; - v.;..- did not hear what she said. ' ? : .;??? ' The young officer had spoken hope :v'AA?.:\''c~^:''faHy1.but he had grave doubts about being picked up at once. He knew i- ? that every effort -would be made by ? ? i those on board to rescue them, but it was almost dark, and a boat's crew v.'- . would have some trouble in discovering ? : ; - ; ? their whereabouts in such a heavy sea. ?v ; . . His companion was becoming heavier . . every moment, and seemed almost in . a stupor. With great presence of mind -; , ; he managed to divest his fair burden ' of her ponderous cloak, which for a ? time had greatly assisted to buoy her up, but had now become an encum ~ brance. - She roused herself and thanked him, and enquired if he thought they would be rescued 'Oh, yes, he was sure of it.' ' I feel so cold and helpless,' she ; murmured presently, 'and cannot ? V- -hold oul much longer; pray, try and i ; . , : v- save yourself, sir, and leave me to my fate,' ' I cannot obey you, lady ; I am ??^?-?;wi-vv.w;.':-!''.strong-and' vigorous, and can manage ? to bear you for some considerable time ? ? ^ : Allow me to place my left arm around ? you — so ; now, courage. I think I discern a boat yonder.' ; God bless you, sir !' ? _ ? ' Amen.' ' . I,- He grasped the light, shapely form : with one of his arms and struck out : : i boldly with the other. Not a speck or \- { a light was in sight to guide him, but ?. he did not despair ; he heard his lovely I 'burden breathing short prayers at in tervals, m which he himself mingled, then she became totally unoonscious. ; : A body with motion in it may keep afloat for a considerable !in\e, but a ' listless, motionless one is a. great weight and a terrible burden in the water. . The young officer was becom mg exhausted and weak, and felt that 7 his strength would soon be spent, but ' that strong love of life which gives a . ? ? man courage, and energy to struggle i while there is one faint ghmmer of ? ! hope or a breath in his body, infused into him both hope and courage in ? this dark hour. . , v. . Let no man who may chance to be ' exposed to danger or peril allow des . pair to creep into his heart. It has cost thousands their lives, whereas resolute will might have saved 'then.. Do we not see the verification of this truth every day of our lives. Throw a ? resolute man on the broad Atlantic, without an oar or plank, and » thou ; . sand to one he will be rescued. Nil ? ? ? ? desptramhmi. Something akin to this fired the ? . heart oi the young officer for a last effort. All around him was one heav ing, (seething, gigantic cauldron. Above i ???.. him the stars were beginning to unfold themselves. How the blood surged \- about his heart in ihis weary efforts to give his cold and insensible burden ? breathing room. A few minutes longer ? and his strength would be gone, and . then they would both perish. Well, if his hour had come, so be it ; but he fell he must fight on to the death for the sake of the beautiful being at his . side. ? - . . 'Ahoy !' A faraway shout came : : : - ; upon the ears of the exhausted swim 1 rner, like the glad chime of a bell. ' Ahoy, ahoy !' came through the darkness the tones of a lusty voice, ? .. ? ihat swelled and sounded nearer and v ? nearer every moment. And now a twinkling star of light shoots athwart : ihe waves. It is the boat. God help thee, poor prodigal of old Jaek Win ? - gate, Oh, for one last bseath to call aloud 1 but the breath is spent, and , ' the brave youth and his fair burden go : : down beneath the tumbling billows. But the sea casts them ap again, sttll \- locked in each other'' aims. The boat's crew discovei them now, and anndst a ringing cheer the pair are grasped by strong arms and lifted v safely into the boat ' CHAPTER IX. 'Sans Tache.'J '' ~v Claude Fanshawe lay insensible for ' . 'vseveral hours after he was conveyed on » ' ? , , board. The terrible- ordeal he had ' undergone had completely eNhaiKeci ' i bis strength, and left him weak |and ^ v , ' helpless as a child By and bye, now \ r ever, he began to recover, and befor.': » * a the harbor of Tuuranga hove in sight r ? ' „ t . he was thoroughly himself again. . ? _ . _ . . % * . .?iiaori Jack was lull of news about the catastrophe. ?'There never wor a boy in the world so bould and so lucky as that same spalpeen of an officer,' he said. ' Shure, hadn't he saved the younf.' lady's life? an' wasn't sheas gintle an' as pm I y as an angel? an' forby the devil a man in New Zealand wid more money than the Jould major. Musha, it's a lucky trip for ye, Mister Fan shawe,' and the guide winked and shook his huge head as if he knew all about it. Meanwhile the Sandfly ploughed her course towards the Bay of Plenty. Jutting out on the coast line, the tall cone of Tarari was clearly discernible with the naked eye. Like a sugar loaf in shape, it rises up above the cliffs of Touranga like a pyramid, and acts as a landmark to the mariners on the coast. On board all was bustle and hurry among the men, getting ready to disembark. Lieutenant Fanshawe seated on the poop, was enjoying the cool breeze, when Major Wilton ap proached and held out his hand. 'Sir, I am glad to see you so far recovered,' said he, in a voice unsteady with emotion. ' Pray, be seated, There are moments, when all formality should be set aside and dispensed with. My name is Wilton — Major Tom Wilton, of jHer Majesty's 13th Light Dragoons, and, sir, if I was to live to be as 'old as King Solomon, I can never forget the service you have rendered to one who I am proud to say is dearer to me than all things on earth.' A flush of pride overspread the face of Claude Fanshawe. ,rIndeed, Major Wilton, you overrate the matter,' answered he in a calm tone, ' 'There is not one man in ten thousand but what would have done the same under similar circumstances.' ' Nay, sir, you are too modest,' re. joined the old gentleman, warmly. ' Yet courage and modesty combined are not always found beneath the same coat. I am cboking with gratitude Pray, do not deny me the pleasure 01 thanking you on behalf of my niecc for saving her life,' 'Say 'no more about it, Major pray. There is little credit due to mt in this case. Had the boat not made its Appearance so opportunely I'm afraid her life would -have been sacri ficed'for all the help I could have given.' - 'I do not believe it,' responded the Major, _with tears in his eyes, anc striking his cane a hard whack on the deck. ' But come, I'll not distress you further with a profusion of words I feel the obligation deeper than words can convey to you.' 'How is the lady?' enquired Claude, seeking to turn the conversa tion from himself. ' Mrs. Fernleigh is quite well,'!_'re plied the Major. ' I trust she has not suffered from the effects' of her immersion.' ' Not at all, 1 arn glad to say. Mj niece Is full of gratitude, and desires to thank you personally ere you leave the steamer.' They sat and conversed freely aboui the war, the army, and a hundred other topics that military men love tc chat about. And then the Major pulling, from his finger a brilliani sapphire, held it towards his com panion, saying, ' Honor me by wear ing this ring as a token of our friend ship. Boswas Bawbee: the Rajah 0 Drubempore, presented me with this trinket when I was in. India thirtj years ago.' ' Pardon me, Major, I could rioi think of depriving you of such a valu able relic.' . . ' Tut,, sir, it is on account of iti very value that I beg you to accept it' answered the old officer, proudly Ii is a trinket surrounded Dy worthy as sociations ; princes and rulers of the Empire have worn it. It was be stowed' on your humble servant for t gallant service rendered to the noble donor. Take it, . and wear it as 1 memento of a brave act, which nc military despatches can extol, anc which promotion cannot compensate.' There was something grand and im posing in the upright deportment o the veteran, as he placeei the ring or Claude's finger, and then led the waj below to the saloon. A lady was seated on one of the couches reading as they entered. Lucy, my dear, allow me to presen Lieutenant Fawnshawe, who, I belie vi introduced himself to your notic- under less auspicious circumstances,' added the Mafor, with a smile. The lady rose to her feet and hele out her hand.—' Ah, sir, how shall thank you ?' she uttered in a lov tone. A blonde of the fairest type, witl features that a sculptor might dream 0 some day representing on marble, ane thereby winning fame, liyes blue a a summer's sky, and with a sweet gentli expression in them which held th- beholder in a spell. Her rich hair of a shining golden hue— was braidee about her shapely head like 1 cornet. Yet in the curve of th- delicate lip, on the exquisiti polished brow, in the large, eyes, anc over.the whole aspect of Lucy Fernleigi there was an expression of sadness vauge dejection, melancholy. Shi appeared older to his gaze now tha he was face to face with her, than shi had seemed previously, and a strangi idea began to gather in his mind that hi had Been her face somewhere before The more he looked at her the firme became the conviction in the brain 0 Claude Fanshawe that he had posi tively beheld those lovely feature somewhere in -the past But wheie One encounters many faces in a life time. — yea, many -which seem the ver i. counterpart of each other. The lad | before him had such a face as woul . live in an ordinary man's remembranc . for some time ; in that of a poet c ; painter, for ever. As they sat and talked, the youn man trjed to recall some of the peopl to mind whom he had met while in the service but his fertile imagination could not place Lucy Fernleigh. Like some forgotten dream, of which the outline is but dimly remembered, so with the idea that she was refhem bered. How, or why, he knew not, and that was all. Often, as our experience in life in ci eases, have we tried to trace out upon the countenances of those we have met an index to connect with the panorama of things and events moving in the mind's eye, some clue to the unlinked identity. Vain folly ! Cud gel his brains as he would, Fanshawe's memory was at fault completely. They dined together in the prim little saloon. The Major, full of conversation and anecdote, took wine enough for three, and did air the talk ing. His niece, reserved and silent, listened, but it was easy to see that her mind was far away from the cabin of the Sandfly. Promising to pay an early visit to the Major at Bountysville, the young officer bade them good-bye, and de parted to prepare his men for disem barking. Even amid the bustle and prepara tion going forward around him, Claude could not fully rid his mind of that tormenting, haunting face. Where could he have seen it? In India? Perhaps ! ' Some officer's widow, no doubt. And yet she is very young, and exceedingly fair, No glaring sun of the Indies ever shone upon that supurb complexion. Mrs. Fernleigh, I think the Ma(or said. Yes, she is evidently married. Humph ! per chance wedded to some great, rough squatter or sheep farmer — or — Tut, tut, Claude Fawnshawe. Attention ! Draw swords ! Right about face ! Quick ? march! Sic est viia. CHAPTER X. I The Bivouac. : The Forest Rangers were a local ? corps, and commanded by Major Von 1 Tempsky, a Hungarian.. During the : crisis which threatened New. Zealand with murder and rapine by the rebels, 1 there had been raised half'a-dozen ? volunteer regiments in the sister ? colonies, and dispatched to the Jscene ' of action. The pick of these volun ? teers svas embodied as the Forest '? Rangers, who were known and acknow ledged by General Cameron as the I best bush fighters under his command I Their leader, Von Tempsky, held a high reputation as the most daring and intrepid officer in the Colonial Service. Indeed, the bold Hungarian was a great favourite with the general and his staff, and had things pretty well his i own way when not actually engaged ? with the enemy. It will be easily sur mised that the commander of the ? Rangers was beloved by his men. Once, at the storming of the 'Gate 1 Tah ' Von Tempsky led his men right through the massed ranks of the ' rebel host into the stronghold, where \- he and his regiment would undoubtedly : shin to a man but for the coolness and courage displayed by a corporal of the t 6th Imperial Infantry, who had been I temporarily attached to the corps in ) consequence of its paucity of officers. Major Von Tempsky had acted with out orders, and although severely wounded, he was placed under arrest, but the Rangers were in mosse and demanded his release, which the gen eral wisely granted. The Major was grateful to the man whose bravery had 1 extricated his corps from imminent peril, ' when he himself was down, t covered with wounds. Through the ? advice of the Commander of the Forces, Corporal Ormond (for it was 5 nonfe other than our old friend) was 1 transferred from the 6th Light Infantry t to the command of a company in the ? Rangers, with the brevet rank of cap ; tain, in consideration of his valiant \- services. 1 lo stride from out of the ranks into : a position of responsibility and com 1 mand is a trying ordeal no doubt, but \- the term' 'Captain' appeared to fit 1 Philip Ormond as aasily as 'Major' ' sat upon Von Tempsky. They were ? bath gentlemen and soldiers, and there f is no open sesame to the heart of a 1 brave man like the exhibition of pluck t and nerve. Though the Forest Ran gers were a crack corps, its officers ; welcomed their new comrade with open arms, and none with niore warmth than t Von Tempsky. i It was night [ere Claude Fanshawe : reached the camp of General Cameron ' on the Patea. Night, and all its atten dant hosts of stars shine down on crag 1 and peak,, thickly clothed with giant I kauri pines. ? Below, on the sloping sides of the valley, the watch-fires of the bivouac 1 gleam, disclosing the bell tents of the f Imperial troops, whose sides rippie 1 and quiver with the wind like sheeted s ghosts. Further down on the hill s side the brown mi-mis of the Rangers 2 can be discerned in a line, with a \- gigantic fire of pine logs in front, and 3 circle of tall, swarty fellows round it, j talking, laughing and smoking. In 5 rear, the officers were assembled at j mess beneath an old pic-nic tent, i minus the sides. Two broad rough 1 boards, placed upon a couple of empty , casks, formed a table, with shot boxes 2 in lieu ot chairsrand an assortment of t stray knives and forks, which had heen ; collected in divers and sundry places s all over the ^Island, The deficiency of 2 plate and all' little etceteras which for !. med the tout mumble of a dinner table r a la mode, were amply compensated by f the merry faces gathered together at . the 'Rangers' mess. True, they s could only muster one decanter and a ? pair of wine glasses after a most pro :? longed and determined attack on roast y pig, wild duck, and some of the largest y schnapper ever hooked out of the Patea d — bnt there was no lack of good liquor e I before them— and it is needless to say ir I they were very meiry and very noisy. I 'May I ask who is the officer in g | command hete? ' cried Claude Fan e I abawe, advancing upon the astonished V* gathering, with mock solemnity in hisl tones. j Before the answer could be spoken I he was seized by a dozen pairs of hands and pulled towards the table. Take a sea*. Fanshawe. Welcome back, dear boy. How's old madam Vipont and her fat daughters ? Brent and Peytou of ours— Lieutenant Fan shawe of the 6th. I say, Barton, stop that row and pass a plate. Where's the Adjutant ? Ah, there you are ! be kind enough to call Tozer with the prog.' Fanshawe took his sect at the 'able as Tozer entered with the hind quarter of a young porker on the cover of a camp-pot. ' Only jun arrived, Major ; delight ed to be with you again, Pray pass that suspicious looking bottle at your elbow Ormond ? Thank you.' While questions were being poured fast and thick upon the head of the new comer, Von Tempsk's servant spread a .corner of the cloth, uncorked several bottles, which he placed upon the table, then retired. ' Ah, inon cher, nothing like camp life to give one an appetite, said the Major. There's Huxley, who turned up his nose at a carbonade with olives, venison stewed in Burgundy, and a bowl of bishop ; only last week at Musgrove's ParHeu ! my mouth waters, and I am only, in harness' six | short days.' ? a tan, aarK man, Major Van tem psky, over six feet high ; his skin bronzed a dusky red by exposure to all weathers. His uniform which was a fac simile of that worn by his brother officers and men, consisted of a blue serge jumper, tucked into a pair of pants, seamed with scarlet, and en compassed at the waist by a broad leather belt, from which gleamed the polished barrel of a revolver, in com pany with a formidable knife ; a pair of long boots, reaching above the knee, a heavy rapier, and a round, black felt hat adorned with a pelew feather, completed the costume of one'who will be long remembered in the annals of New Zealand warfare. On Van Tempsky's right sat Colonel Harry Smythe; of the 6th Light In fantry, a brave old officer who had been through the Crimea and the Indian Mutiny. He had no less than five orders glittering on the breest of his lunic. On the other side of the table the younger subs were gathered together round a smoking kettle of punch. What is the latest news from the city, Fanshawe ? '« ' Oh, the good people of Auckland have it that the Rangers have been defeated, cut to pieces in fact, while landing, and that the Geheral is a prisoner in the hands of Tupo. Another slice, Major! Thank you.' ' The 1 boys ' are too tough to be easily carved,' replied Captain Ather ton, laughing. ' Hallo ! what the deuce is that ? ' The exclamation was caused by the unexpected appearance of a- bullock belonging to the baggage train, who walked majestically under the tent and took a critical survey of the assembly. ' A. glass of wine, your highness? ' cried Huxley, rising from his seat, giass in hand, and approaching, but the beast taking fright, wheeled sud denly round, threw up its hind legs, and sent, the glass and its contents all over the table. A roar of laughter followed, in which Huxley heartily joined. ' This incident, gentlemen, reminds me of a good joke which occured on the Waikato River, at the commence ment of the War ' said he. 'A story ! a story ! ' cried a chorus of voices. ' Well, thank goodness, it is not a very long one ' answered Huxley, easing his waist belt. ' Push the wine this way ; my friend Sheldon always keeDS it linperinp npar him ' ' Be it known, then, in the annals of colonial hisjory, that so'ma~time-ago,. ere we were joined by our friends of the imperial service, three companies, termed the ' Auckland Fencibles ' were organised in that city for duty in that city for duty in the field. This gallant force consisted mainly of raw lads from desk and counter, and placed under the command of one, Peter Brady, a master baker. Peter had served in the North Cork Militia at home, hence his claim ro the Colonelcy of the Fencibles— who I may -remark en passant were the seediest looking lot of devils you ever beheld outside a musket, Peter never let them alone; morning, noon and night, he had them out polishing, marching, and counter marching, but somehow they could'nt get beyond the balance step. At this stage they were supplied with rifles, and ordered to the Queens Redoubt, to re lieve part of the 14th who were to advance on Rangariki The Forcibles took possession ot the post, made them selves comfortable in the tents of the Buffers, stationed sentries round the camp, and retired to repose. In the middle of the night, however, there was heard a great sound, as of the tramping of an army from the left of the position and where some empty tents stood un occupied ; cords were snapped, [canvas rent, poles bioken, and the nearest sentry — who had probably been dozing — fired his musket and roused the camp.' , ' Ho, men up ! quick ! turn out, turn out! the Maoris are upon us,' now rang out on every thand. ' The men suddenly roused out of a deep sleep., rolled over each other in the confusion and the darkness, 'and made disorder and tumult worse con founded by each striving for the door of the tents at the same moment At the first crack of the rifle Peter j Brady was on his legs and rushed forth j ?viih his naked sabre, and formed the i men as they appeared. j 'SieRdy boys ! Let )yez be steady,' i he ciied. ' Form up, shoulder to i shoulder as did yer forefathers at I Watherloo. Silence there! Be my sonl, I'll clave the first man to the stomach that's after disobeyiug the j word of command. Now, men, atten- j tion! Fix baynots ! Yonder comes the inimy. Follow me, an' the devil take I the hindmost. With this brief and I characteristic speech, Colonel Brady i led the Fencibles to the attack; but I the gallant commander had not advan- : ced twenty paces before he was met 1 full buit by a long homed bullock, and 1 placed hors de combat. And truth to 1 state, poor Peier soon discovered that i the foes he had to encounter were only 1 a team of bullocks, who having found thoir way out of a stock-yard adjacent, had got amongst the empty tents and caused the mischief.' ' Bravo Huxley ! They say that Brady is a cousin of yours.' 'True euoug'n, major.' ' By the way, was'nt it your famous relative who played the joke upon a bailiff some two years ago a: Auck land.' ' The same man.' ' f ' Pray relate the case,' said Von' Tempsky. '? Old Jones the ironmonger ; of Shortland Cresent — Brady's neighbour —was very fond of going to law,' commenced Huxley. 'One day there was a collision between Brady's cart and Jones' van, in Queen-street; the van was smashed, and the iron monger. as usual, took the affair into court, He lost the case, but not satisfied had the matter re-opened at anomer inounai, wno lourtd Peter guilty, and mulcted him in a fine of fifty pounds Brady swore he would never pay a shilling of the money ; so his enemy issued an execution. Peter heard of this, closed his hoase and shop, so that a mouse would have found it difficult to gain admission, much more a bailiff. Well Peter had been some days alone in his den, when one morning a spring van is driven up to the door, containing a large case.' ' What's that ?' cries Peter from the window. ' A box of things from your honor's brother, Mr. Toole Brady, of Parnell,' answers the driver. ' All right,' and Peter opened the door. The case is deposited on the floor of the front room, but my unsus pecting relative no sooner opened it than up rose Alex. Cuff, the town bailiff, like a Jack in the box. 'How d'ye do, Mr. Brady?' says he, drawing a long breath, like a man who had been undergoing the pangs of suffocation. ' Phew ! it's a mighty close place, that. If you please,' I'll take possession here, 'or a cheque for fifty pounds, which you like.' ' Go to the devil !' cried Peter, in a terTible passion; but the bailiff, not caring: for so long a journey, quietly settled himself in Brady's arm-chsir, drew forth his pipe, and made himself comfortable. Poor Peteriretired to an inner room, growling like a savage, but made his appearance again in less than half an hour, [smiling like la broker who had just netjed a ' thou.' ' I'm going out' for a short time,' said he to the ballifl. ' There's liquor in that cupboard ; make yourself aisy, you're welcome.' Cuff was fond of whisky, and Peter prided himself on his potheen. When the baker returned, which he did in the ^course of the day, accompanied by two rough looking fellows, and a stout, fussy individual dressed in black the bailiff was more than half seas over, and was on the point of trying he first act of ' Roger de Coverly,' ^ '?There's your man,' cried Peter, in feigned alarm, 'Thar's him, boys ; mind he doesn't escape.' In an instant the two fellows pounced upon Cuff, threw him to the ground, and began to bind his limbs with a rope. The poor bailiff, roused to anger by such unjust proceedings, swore and raved at his assailants in such a dreadful manner that the fussy man hald up his hands and pronounced it the most absolute case of dangerous 'insanity he had ever seen in the whole eourse-of-his experience. To be brief, gentlemen^JJeter Brady had conceived, the idea of having the bailiff taken off to a private lunatic asylum, which he .carried out to the letter. At the end of a week Alec. Cuff came forth with his head as baid as an egg-shell, and was the langhing stock ot the whole- city; but he made Peter Brady pay dearly for his joke. CHAPTER XI. The Talisman. Night over all things. The round, full moon and the silent stars looking serenely down upon the encampment and the watchful sentries upon their posts. Sleep had fallen upon the gay party of the mess table. Here stalwart forms lay sleeping peacefully, with no roof over them save the vault of hea ven, and no other couch but the sod. The drowsy god had stretched forth his wand, and lo ! silence reigned su premer, except where two forms are sejtted by the embers of the watch fire talking. Old Father Time has altered the personal appearand of Claude Fanshawe, Lieutenant in H.M. 6th Light Infantry. Those who had known him on that wintry night at Maythorpe five years ago. would fail to recognise in him the robust, bearded soldier, with the steady eye and reso lute face, who had won his way to rank at the point of the bayonet Changed is be both in person and in 'voice. Three years ago he landed but a sergeant, and to-day he stands second on the list for the command af a com pany. Honored by the veteran, I)es borough, liked by his brother officers, and popular to a degree .with the men of his corps, the whilom outcast had indeed kept his word, and proved him I self worthy of the name he had adop ! ted — that name was his dead mother's, j and ever since he had assumed it, ; what memories had come to . him of the deep devotion, (be tender care, and the loving sacrifices of that gentle parent. Not a noble thought, not a generous act, nay, nor the daring which led upward step by step to fame, but had its birth in ]the recollection of that dear: spirit, which had drooped and vanished at his sinful folly. Now that he was on the highway to honor again, He trembled lest he should be discovered as the prison breaker. True he had been perfectly innocent of the prime for which he was convicted, yet if discovered, how prove that ? If Corporal Cartridge had doubted, would. Color.ei Desborouigh believe him guilt less ? It had been fully understood on the eve he quitted ^ Maythorpe that 110 correspondence should pass [between Claude Fanshawe and his friends until he could return to tbem with honor, and fully absolved from the foul stain which clung to him. Therefore Jack Wingate knew not whether his son was living or dead. Poor Lena often asked herself the question — ' Living or dead ?' and the ;philosophical cor poral was often heard muttefing, ' Is the boy really living or dead, I wonder ?' 'And so you 'had a pleasant trip over rnon cher ?'' ,' Delightful, Ormond ! if I except one little ^accident, or adventure raiher,' said Claude, lighting a cigar. ' Of course, my dear fellow ; there was never a voyage yet that had'nt an adventure at the end of it— especially if any of the Light Bobs happened to nn KonrJ „ 1. J-. ? -L . iucic a i«iuy jn me case ?' 'Yes.' ' I thought so. Well she lost her poodle overboard, eh ?' ' Wrong, comrade ! The lady her self fell overboard.' ' That was serious Fanshawe.' 'Aye! The poor thing fell from the poop into rather a heavy sea;; I ? jumped after her, and had the good fortune to keep her afloat until we were picked up by the boat sent for us.' ' Capital 1 No doubt the fair one will reward your heroism with her hand and fortune!' f ?' Nay, my frjend, the lady is already married.' ' So much the better.' ' Dear Phil, pray be serious. I am rather interested in this matter.' 'No doubt, sir. She's all your fancy painted her, and. etc. But tell me, Fanshhwe, is the lady beautiful ?' ' Lovely as the sculptor's figure at the Trojan, Helen.' 'Bravo! Dark or fair?' ' Fair, Ormond ; yet 'tis a brooding, melancholy face that has known sorrow.' ' Humph ! Pray retire to roost, dear boy.' - ' Indeed, I feel positive that I've seen Mrs. Fernleigh somewhere before Phil,- and as icertain ? Comrade ! Ormond ! Wha: is the matter ?' If a thunderbolt had suddenly fallen from the clear shining vault above tbem and shattered the encampment into a thousand million atoms, the face of Captain Ormond could not have changed more suddenly from healthy red to bloodless white. At the sound of the name he sprang up with a short, abrupt gasp, but fell back again as if he had received a sword thrust, ' and lay panting, his eyes set and staring as if in death. ? Fawnshawe rapidly unbuttoned his. friend's tunic to give him air. As his fingers tore aside the front ol Ormond's under robe a 'locket feli therefrom — the same he had seen at Bristol, and be hold the mystery of Lucy Fernleigh's face' was explained to him in an in stant. Yea, it was a striking likeness, savetnat tnere was no shade of care and melancholy on the picture that marked the original. Whatever might be the hidden secret between the beautiful niece of Major Wilton arid; his friend. Claude Fanshawe did not seek to learn. With true gentlemanly/ tact he replaced the trinket in Ormond's bosom, and sought by every means at hand to relieve him from the stupor into which he had fallen. * ~ ' '? You are better now, Phil?' .' Aye, strange . that a strong man could be overcome at the mere sound of a name,' answered the Captain with a sickly smile. ' Pray, repeat it again.' ' Repeat what again, comrade ?'' ' The name of Lucy Fernleigh !' replied Ormond, ? with an effort. ' Shakespeare has said ' What's in a name?' Much, much, Fawnshawe! More than the glorious Bard of Avon ever conceived. Pray give me a drink.' -. For that night Captain Ormond spoke not another word. Moody and silent, he ^sat, with bent . brows, and heeded not the talk of his Iriend: and Fawnshawe, growing weary of his fruitless task, left him brooding by the' fire. C'aude descended the hill, for the camp of the 6:h Light Infantry lay on the opposite side of the valley. The full moon lit up the dim outline of the rents arid chasms of the mountain side, end cast gigantic bars of silvery light athwart the gurgling stream 'below, which wound through the dell like a long shining set pent. He had gained the tents on the other side, when a voice accosted him. ' Arraii, faptain agra. whisper? ' Fanshawe turned and beheld the Guide, ' What, Jack, not retired yet ?.'- ' M'ushfy, Captain', jewal, whor can sleep an' a-niafi to be^.flogged in the morning,' cried the dwarf ruefully. ' ' A man to be flogged ! ' 'True for me. sir. One of the fust Waikato hoys,' replied Jack. Sure its me own mother's , son does'nt care a' brass farden for poudner or shot, but the cat— Faugh ! To the divei with .it.'' ' ' What is the man's crime ?' ? '[Crime! Begorra it is'rit a crime he did at all. He only took a skin ful of rum when he' was on sintry over the baggage, and shure its yoursell 'ud have don. the same, eh ?,' 7 . \ ?' Drunk when on duty in the field is a 'very serious matter, jack ! ' ?? } '? So it seems. They only tried^hirii yesterday, an' he'll be tied up at day light the morrow. Faix, I say oula Bagshaw the drum major getting the triangles ready. Bad luck'to him.' ' Ah, I'm sorry for the poor fellow, but dicipline must be preserved at all cost. Goodnight!' ' Stop, honey, just one minnitt,' cried Jack, in persuasive tones, and sidling nearer to the young officer. ?'Ye remimber that murdhering shindy at Wangatui, when the rebels killed e;'very officer of the storming party, and tuk the colors of tthe 6th regiment ? ' ' I remember Jack.' 'Ye recollect a bould sargeant who picking up Major Casey's sword from the dead man's grip, called upon the 1 wavering men to follow him, an' how ' j when that sargint-had won the height ' at the bayonet point, and had tuk back j the colors from the inimy, he fell into J a grate hole filled with rebels. who ? 'Who would have butchered him to a certainty but for the gallant dar ing of one Jack Donovan,' cried Fan shawe, interrupting him. ' My good friend, I shall nevei forget that. I owe my life to you.' ' Dont be bothsrin' me wid your . . nonsence,' answered Jack, with a rough shrug of his high shoulders. ?' Troth its to save the man being flogged I want: d'ye mind.' ?? now can you save mm r 'Me, is it! Faix, it is'nt me, but yourself that will do that same,' an swered the guide. ' I should really like to jknow how it is to be accomplished, my good fellow?' Said Fanshawe, smiling. ' Go to the Gineral's tent, waken him up out o' that and tell him to let the poor spalpeen off. Faith that's aisy enough.' 'No doabt. Jack, but even the General cannot break the rules of the service.' ' What ! Do ye mane to say that a Gineral can't do exactly what he likes ? Could'nt he ordher the whole camp to get druuk, an' pardon them agin when they were sober ?' ' Aye ! but suppose, Jack, that while the men were tipsy the rebels made - an attack on the encampment i' ?' O, be my sowl the boys would fight like divel then, ye may depend,' replied Jack laughing. ' But come agra don't let them flog the boy. 1 can't sthand it' ' My good fellow, I'm afraid there's no alternati ve but to let this matter take its course,' said Claude, seriously However, I wiil see Colonel Des borough first thing in the morning, and try what can be done, so once more, good night !' (to be continued.) 