liulttctioii ol' Hie Kev. It. IC IS wi »tc y ON Sundaylast (Michaelmas Say) the official-induc tion of Rev. R. IC. Swing as lucurabent of Lismore took place at the' morning service ut St. Andrew's Çhuroh. When the bell stopped, hymn 166 was giveri outland during the singing the Venerable the Archdeacon of Grafton, with tho Inoumbent-elect, proceeded up the church from the west door; escorted by the churchwardens. ' The induction ceremonial as prescribed by the Bishops of Aus tralia and Tasmania then followed. The Arch deacon, standing before the holy table, addressed a speoial exhortation to the congregation, and then Offered speoial prayers. He then directed to be freud his authorisation to induct, the oaths and declarations previously taken by the new clergy 'man, and also the Episcopal License. Those were ?then publioly read by Mr. J. W. Coleman, minis .ter's churchwarden. Then, in a moment of special ''impressiveness and sympathetic interest on the part of'the congregation, the license was delivered into the hands of the newly-appointed minister of the parish, with the solemn words,' " Be thou a faithful minister of God's Holy Word and Sacraments, and a faithful pastor under the great Shepherd of souls. The Lord preserve thy going out and thy coming in from this time forth for ever moro." Then, turning to the people, -the Archdeacon, in emphatic and impressive tones, gave the charge, concluding with the words " Pray continually for this your minister called to the spiritual oversight of this parish, and assist him zealously and lovingly in all the duties of bis holy culling. Bear yo uno another's burdenH, and so fulfil the jaw of Christ." Silence was then kept in the church- for a Bpuoe while the congregation offered secret prayer, und then was sung kneeling tho Vcni Creator, "Come, Holy. Ghost..-"" Next followed tho Holy Com munion service, with the colleots, Epistle and Gos pel specially appointed. After the Nicene Creed the Archdeacon preached from Cou. i, 10, " He made trie stars also," and Rey. I, 20, "The seven stars are "the angels of the seven ohurches." .We ap pend a.'oondensod summary of the sermon, which was followed with tho closest attention. The preaohor traced the growth of our knowledgo of tho heavenly bodies. The province of Scripture in the mutter was not to furnish us with exaot scienor,, but show the meaning of Nature's faots, as a revealing of God's thought and intention. Kepler »nd Newton among others had realised this, and seen in their studies some of God's truths suggested. " Ho made the stars also." We oould hardly fail to learn from this that all truths, all dootrines, are to be held in due proportion. Tho Gospel of God, full orbed and complote, was wider than the small segments of a circle wo individually preferred. All tho great truths enshrined iu the Apostle's oreed formod part of the Gospel to bo pronlaimed and taught. Ono such truth came before them prominently that day in.tho induction service, viz, the Diyinn-'we of instrumentality, tho meaning., uni- value of tho corporate lifo of the 'Church. They had received a precious deposit, a sacred stewardship of trust to bund on unimpaired -the oontinuity of worship, und lifo, and ministry in tho English Church. Not without grave deliber ation, not withe ut emphatic conviction, had tho Bishops of the English Church, referring to our heritage, said on a famous occasion in 1851 Unit the Church was " planted in Britain in the primitive age, and preserved by a merciful Providence nnto this day." "lamberé to-day to witness to this Íriaoe of human agency, and tho reality of corporute ifo in the Church. You uro no isolatedootigrog-ution, or collection of scattered atoms, but as a portion of tha Diocese, the Diocese rejoices in your joy, ajid shares what concerns you. Representing your Bishop, who, with the full approval of the Diocesan Board of Patronage, designated your now Vicar for this ohargo, I am here to congratulate both you and him, and being you pledges of tho sympathy and interest all the Diocese takes in the incidents of this .norning. I shall not attempt to introduce clergy man to flock, or people to pastor. It is hardly seemly to me, so much younger in years, to say more than this of your now Vicar. He is esteemed and honoured throughout Grafton and Armidale, aye, and beyond its limits. Just because your Bishop knowB your needs, and is anxious for tho stability of the Ohurob, ono whom ho has cau.to to trust,, and who has mature experience ami ripe oulture, is placed at your head to-day. And if you know."your ' Vioar already, ho. too .knows that ho finds hore many among you loyal,, faithful, patient amid: trials and: disappointments, put to a trying ;test?¡ind' not found wanting. , You are not the pOQplo to stand, aside and watch n work of uphill í,toil,,,.but. - will.^lovingly ¿nd' lavishly .give him supporty-and " your o.wn ''_energotio : toil at his fside'.!': i^THo Archdeacon'.then , went ."on to point íbut.'thátí the ' measured .ministry pf the stars, and Professor' ? Milligan's ; interpretation of .Rev. i,'**20, suggested the activity of the whole Church und nil her members. The church is not something outside of us usa bonovolent friend with .helps and resources. " You uro the Ohuroh : You have your work and sphere." " The strength of tho Church lies in her pomonal forces." He con cluded his discourse by earnestly urging tho sum mons to work, and tl io united response to it devolv ing upon each' und oyery worshipper. Very marlfed attention was given to tha sorruon, and, indeed, to the survioo right through, its un usual and striking nature eliciting peculiar interest and appreciation on the part of a congregation which thronged tho ohuroh. . 'lu the afternoon Arohdeaoon Plower addressed iv children's service. - At night the'Vioar (Rev. R. K. Ewing) officiated, and the Arohdeaoon preached from Phil, HI, 12 und 14, " I pros» on." His ser mon on "Intensity and constancy in Ohristiuu life lifo and effort," was preaohod to a well-filled church. . The wholo day's services are metuorablo for St. Andrew's piirihliioners, and should be of mush value in.tho initUd'and developing features of a now pastoratp. . 