A HOUSE OF MYSTERY. Specially written fpr the Ekarnincr and. Tdsmanian. '.Author:?! »f Transported for I»ife,' ' A ?' Yule-tide, Experience.' ; It wag Christmas 'Eve, 1885— just; 10 years ago— that there , .bsf el me the ^-strangest adya'atu'e of my .life. '? I had only arrived in the colonies a monti before, and was therefore unaware of the total absence of superstition in, the Australian charaoter; I had likewise t) learn that Australian landlords ate not always particular as to the truth or other wise of reports relating to houses 'owned by them; more especially if those houses happ m to be on the liBb of ' to lefce.' Perhaps bad I been a little better so quainled with these two phases o° colonial character, there never would have tran spire i the most uncanny and weird adven ture I have ever experienced. Well, it was this way t — In the month of AugU3t, 1885, finding the medical profession iu London, rather crowded out by scores of young doctora like myself, the extent of whose practice, where such existed, barely afforded the xiec- ssi ties of life, 1 decided to ,Eeek 'fresh fielda and patieats new,' to vary the old quotation, iu far away Australia, and the end of September saw my wife and am with our belongings aboard the Ophir en route to Melb urae. Our passage out was an uneventful one, and November 6 found us at the Coffee Palace, Melbourne, prior to settling upon a place for the practioe of my profession. ; Next morning, as a preliminary proceed ing, I was casually glancing down the columns of the Argus when my attention was arrested by an advertisement inviting applications for the position of medical adviser tj a benefit society some miles up oountry at a place which we will call Kavoola. Turning to my wife I, said, 'Annie, dear, here's' j list the very thing for an opening. 'Suppose I send in an applica tion.' . . : ' Well, it would do no harm, and who knows* but what' you would succeed ?' she replied. Acting upon my wife's advice I imme diately sent ciff an application; along with certificates and ; testimonials, of which I bad any quantity, as the limited time for receiving applications expired on the morrow. ?; After spending a few days seeing the eights of Melbourne, hunting up friends, etc., one morning I hai the gratifi cation to receive a letter notifying my appointment to the position, and also requesting me to enter upon my duties as scon as possible. The latter request fitted in very well with my existing circumstances, as, not being a Crcc3us iu any sense of the word, it behoved me f o Io3e no time in mak ing my' position secure by commencing work Next day,' accordingly, we ran up to Kavoola; and began to search about for a suitable residence. Now, Kavoola is anything but a pictu resque town, and the houses therein are much in harmony , with the township's general appear ance.Our search therefore was not very successful, and the only place at all suitable — and it was * an unpromising looking mansion sure enough— had the reputation of being haunted, but as it was the only residence we could obtain, haunted or not haunted we decided Annie and I to make it; our place of abode until a lucky turn of 'fortune's wheel' opened the way to build a more pretentious mansion, for under existing conditions we could not afford to be over-fastidious as to neighbour hood or appearances. The house in itself was, I dare say, built Btrongly enough to withstand a monsoon or tropical cyclone, but there was a rather forlorn look about it thab was a very bad advertisement for its occupancy by anyone who could afford better, but as I before remarked our means did not allow of our taking notice of this. In a couple of days, therefore, there was a brass plate by the gateway, with the words' Dr.|Cole,M.D,,' thereon, and Annie and I were trying to feel we had lived there all our lives. We found the house had been kept iu a fairly good state of repair, in hopes, I' suppose, of its letting, a little paint and scouting being all that was required to make it perfectly endurable, and when the little Bpace of ground in front had been cleared of grass and accumulation of rubbish and weeds and planted with a few flowers and shrubs the whole plac9 assumed quite a different aspect. The house was not large, but our Btook of furniture being small we found this to be an .advantage rather than otherwise; and so after a few weeks we began to , feel quite comforlnble in Mortimer HouBe- aajwe foundgit had always been called. A fortnight had slipped away thus in making alterations and improvement Si and gi$iad got well over the strangeness of my ?first practice among a new paople when the initial trouble iu our domestic arrange ments took place. .We had seourei the services of a strong Irish girl as domestic, and Ehe, being a typical Berving maid, for I f upnose they're als alike, soon 'brought horns information with sundry additions of the Kavoola gosBip in regard to the ghostly character of Mortimer House. Htttce, one night, after baing kept out rather late by an important case, I was surprised upon reaching home^ to find my wife in a state of extreme ' 'HervousneaB,' and pale as death. Noticing this I asked?' Well, Anni^dear, why so pale; aren't you well?' . ' Oh Harry, I am afraid we will never be able to stop in this hou-e,' eaid she. ' Tut, tut 2 what nonsense have you got hold of now,' I said. 'Oh! Margaret has been telling me the place is haunted, and that every Christinas Eve a spectre is to ba ee^n stalking through the house, ' and looking from the windows. They also say a murder must have been committed 'here at some time or other, and the spirit of the victim haunts its former home.' ' ' ' No w- I never | was much of a believer in ghosts or spiritualism, but I confess t.Viin rntliop +,nn\r mo ahanir. ? ? ' ? '? 'On Christmas Eve,' and here we were, December. 10, only a fortnight from that date— within a fortnight of. the ghost's visit. Not letting my wife sea that I was concerned in any way, I pub on a cheerful bearing, and tried to laugh it off by setting it down as simply countryside supersti tion, . '; The news of the place being haunted was not altogether fresh to me, as I had been told when taking the house by eome people living not far away that; it bore aa uncanny reputation, which upon being re tailed by me to the landlord waB flatly denied. Being assured by him that the house was alright, and the idea of ghosts being scouted by almost all the peopleil met itt Kavoola, I thought no more about it until this night, when the subject wa3 again suggested by my wife's narration, ! From this out w e began to feel uhcom-, f ortable in our new home. Eash night there eeemed' to be the shadow' of 'a shadow — for lean call it by no other name— which fell wi'h the departure of day, and cr^pb like an impalpable veil over the whole place and its inmates, vanishing when the sun's grajs of , early morning began to glint, along the window pane.?. But for this sombreness of night . time everything might have rolled on decrously and evenly as in any place on earth, at least so I thought, being blissfully ignorant of what was to happen within the next fortnight. At last as this nameless some thing which was contained in the words 'Christmas Eve,' drew near life became unendurable. I therefore determined for my wife's Bake to\make up a party to keep tip Christmas Eve- in good old English atyle, the Yule log excepted, the weather being rather too hot for that ; and although we]hadnot been long in the place, It'elb pretty confident of, being able to secure a goodly number of ladiea and gentlemen who were sufficiently endowed with nersre to spend Christmas Eve at Mortimer House, it3 reputation notwithstanding. In addition to this my old college chum Tom Wilks was down in Melbourne, and I decided to ask him to come up and spend Christmas with us. When I made known this plan of mine to drive away the ghost there was great satis faction manifested on the part of Margaret, and I could read my wife's thanks in the mute language of love in her eyes. Thursday morning, December 24, found us all prepared to thoroughly enjoy Christ mas, notwithstanding the Yuletide ghost, and Tom Wilke3 was keeping us very lively by his splendid fund of anecdote and wit. Tom had come up the previous day, and had beon engaged since in decorative work, Christmas Tree, etc., under my wife's direction. ? ? (To be Continued.) Hon. Albert Brassey, one of whose eyes was injured during a game {of tennis in England the other day, is the youngest brother of Lord Brassey, Governor of Vic ? toria. ? '?? ' ' .?'?;' ? 