PNorth-Eastern Ens'gn rPOnLSIIrD AT Ir.N.LLL.\\. TUESDAY, NOYEMISER If, 1815. False Sanitation. -4--- SU.sIMEn is approaching. Sanitation is, therefore, a necessity, and some good things have heen already executed in the interest thereof. One of the chief of them is that which was currie:l out Iby way of an extension of the pan service of lDenalla township. B:ut that institution lhais lately uinde-rgone I1 change--one that is becoming highly i objectionaIle to ratepayers. Orig inaliy the service alluded to was prosecuted at night, but, at a special meetiug of the Council which was held I the other day, it was decided to carry it out thereafter in the day-time. -That determination, it need hardly he re- t marked, is beinig effected at the pre- t sent, thus leading to whispering. of objcction to it in every section of the i locality. Why'operations in connec tion with this work were changed from night to day, becomes partly clear by what took place at the meeting indi- t cated. It was on account of this-cer tain members of the council pointed out-that up to then the pan service of I the town had been indifferently carried out by the person whose duty it was to execute it, and that, as a fresh con tractor had secured the work, it would be much better for the ratepavyer for I him to be compnclln d to discharge his duties in the day-time, because, to use I. tilhe hollow, and at tihe same time 1 laughable argument of one of thenm, "he will not slum his work knowing i that householders are watching him." i But something else is said to be under- Ii lying this. Briefly, it is alleged, that a certain councillor did not like the i Ilspectur of Nuisanees to be put to the trouble of w:ratching the night-man I -an arduoius: task, no doubt-to see that the;: it c;tr: did his duty. Accord ingly, he ado.ated a day instead of a night .cc- tric., ;and so, without any further ceremony, the former was I agreed upon. N-ow, what we desire t chiefly to say is this-it will not re dound much to the credit of those who t dealt with the sanitary service ques- I tion if they insist upon enforc ing their resolution upon the conmmnunity during the summer months. Indeed, that ought to be re scinded for a return to the execution of operations during night-time, easpe cially as it is understood that the existing service has come into vogue to relieve the inspector of nuisances of some of. his respoInsibilities, and be cause the contractor for the job " will not slunm his work knowingg that householders are watching hint." Verily, it is remarkalble hows some reforms acquire their institution. This I is one of them; and an objectionable one it is from the standpoint under I criticism It clearly constitutes an ex amp:e of false sanitation. The weight-guessing competitions at the Benalla show have not been quite decided yet. The number of coupons received are :-Sheep, 60; cattle, 91. The sheep were killed on Saturday, and when weighed scaled scaled 131 lb. Miss La Pouple guessed the nearest to the actual weight, her estimate being 1311b.-only half a Ipound out-and consequently won the first prize of 30s. ar A: Gregerson woss second withl 129Db1,. The guesses ranged from 9311 to 1871b. Several local butchers who entered for the competition; it is interesting to note, were all wide of the mark. In conncction' with the cattle weight - guessing contest the bullock has been killed and scaled 88611 ; thhi cow siill not be killed till to-dlay, tand the result of the guessing will appear in our ne:xt issue. iMr Jas. M'Leod, an old resident of Peechebla, in the Yarriawonga district, died last week iin lelboulrne, where lhe clwent some monthl s ago to lie treated for jaundice from whih hlie was a sutlerer.k " The deceakied, whso was well kInown about BIenall, was born in Dumnfrieslirie Scotland, ill 1832, and "was tlherefore 03 years of age at the time oif his death. ItIc caime to the coldny with his w ife iand some members of hIis family tduring the sevontie, and for sometimne fillcrled an engageineiint on a station near Kilhnore. He afterwards securdd ' land l tlhere and ""becoane Ia thlsriing farlelnr and dairyman. lie carried on chleese-lialing for sone timec, iund his exhibits.at the Kihmore and district shows were nearly always iawarded first prizes. A.hl6ut 15 years igo wohen thel land in the Peeclhelba district wasn beIcoming knowsmi, Mr Mi'Leod liur chasedl a property there and added to hisi area by selecting. Hisi energymind thrift comhined withl a thloroughl prac tical knowledge of farming iandtl dairy ing in iall its branchles, iontribluted to make him one of the mnost successful settlers in the district. He was anl excellent judge -of horses aind cattle. ]Iis relmainils were interred at W~n garatla on Satiundiy. Eight members of the Itailway Stan: ding. CConmnittee - afe.?ms Cameron (chairman), Melville, llBuchnan, Iarrie, Barton, \'hite and. Trenwith, acconi panied by Miesrs W'Vatson (secretary), Wade (shorthand writer) :and .1. 11.. Oraves, M.L.A., on FrIiday commehced a journey from Manslielel, vi 'Tolmnie and Toombullup, to leenalla, in order to view the country and take evidente en route from selectors, farmers and others in connection with the proposed construction of a railways from (len rowan to -ledi. A mass of evidence was taken during the tri, and tile committee arrived in Denalla, by way of Tatong, about 0.30 venterday evening. After partaking <of dinner., they went to the Shire-hall to take evirlence. No witnessen were present at thie time-a fact not to h:: wondeidl at, cotrwidering that the coinilittee was not expected there so soon-but after waiting some little while, they ad journed. They had, however, no sooner left the building than witnesses began to roll up, and in the course of a few minutes half-a-dozen were present, one of them being Mrr Tho)mpson, pro- 1 prietor of saw-mills at Toonlbullup, who had travelled more than 30 miles to give evidence. A mes:sage was sent to the commnittee-who hadl ensconced themselves at the Broken River Hotel -to the effect that witnesses were wait ing, and the chairman replied that 'Sthey waited round at the ial-h l for tell, fifteen or perhaps twenty minutes, and no one turned up, so they were not going round again." No par ticular hour was set apart for taking evide:ce, and 1s a Imatter or fact nio n rlangetlents were madet therefor- even the location of the silting was not kinoy n--so that it is not a wonder sonme miisunlerstauding occurred. A. draawing-room entertaiini ent in aid of the funds of the t Churclh Deco. I rators' C.ilul connected with HIoly Trinity Church was held in the Shire hall, Denalla, on Thursday ev cning last. The attenidance was fairly good,as was also th!e programmae. Songs were rendeldc during the evening b l several local: vocalists, including the Rlev. S. J. Hohan, all of them L eing well received. Mrli' Tom lSh:aw, an artist of no mean I order, imitated to, psrfectioii several t animals to be found in the fiell and I farmniard, as well as s.nme English and Australian: birds. On the whole the cautrtaiinient, passed off well, though it would have been more successful, fromn a financial point of view, had it been held on thue second instead of dulling the first show night. t - The local option poll taken in the 1 Rtothesay division of the licensing di ; trict of lenaltl and Yarrawongla onil Thursday last resulted as follows:- toi" the existing number of victuallers' licenses, 11 votes; for an increase to tlhrco licenses, 15 votes; for ian in erease to four, 90 votes; for itn in crlease to fi?e, -11 votes. The poll was ~ therefore in favor of increasing the licensed houses in the district by two mote. Altogether 101 votes were polled. ANTIERENsIsrlNI:. XlWhat is itt - [Advt.] In preserving fruits, &c.;, save labor, time and sugar by using AxNTII'R.iciEN TIxE. To be had of J. W\\. HILL, storekeeper, Carrier- street, Benalla. [Advt.1 Mir Ernest Iosking, the well-known society entertainer, was accorded a full house on "Fridan y evening in the Shirc:l-ill to witness hlis famous spirit exposures and exhibition'of slcight-of hand trickery and ve1ntriloquism. In the entd-rtainment hle was aided ill no small degr:ce by' Ir Arthur Williiam son, aun accoliplished musician, who played the piaino in all sorts of ways -with both hands, one hand, one hand tied, both lhands tied wiith his back to the instrument, with his nose, and in other lnovel mnlnllners. He also I played a hornpipe on some common beer " bottle), the violin with his feet, aind in company with` Mit Hosking rendered it duct with ' a whistle and mniouth haimnonieon, of which latter instrument Mr Hlosking is a thorough master. Various sleight of-Lanid tricks ?ere pi'fournied by Mr HIosking, whose character impersona tions created uproarious nilerimelnt. Mr Hosking also proved imself all adept I at imitating ia cornet and German claio'net, his "andante furioso" iud " wariations" on tlie latter instrument fairly convulsing the audience. ' The last item oil the programme aits an exposure of the spiritualistic frauds practised in Sydney some time ago by Mrs Mellon. This item has already been described in these columns; suf lice to say that Mr Hoskinig succeeded -although - securely scaled in a brig and placed in a veiled cabinet oin the stage- in appearing before the audi ence in the guise of "Geordie," "Jose phine," aiid "Cissy," the tlhico "ghosts which wereo Mrs Muellon's forid. A comniittee of gentlemeui picked from the audience--tio Rev. J.' Allen and Messrs W. Blackburne, J. Reilly, und Trenery- l-who were seated oon the stage during tlhe seance, c~aminedrl:te cabinet thoroughly both before and after. the wontlderful trick sits per. foirmed; cnd found MIr Ilosking- as se curely sealed in tile ibag" as they' had left lhiii, while nothling could be dis coveredl to slhow how ile managed as hie must have done- to get out of thle bag. Messrs Mi'Kamara and Watts, Turn bull anil Co. will conduct their usual fortnightly stock'siale at tihe Royal Sale Yards to- day. Professor MIiller's slilling, book, " Healllth, ]xrccise anil Ainusenlent," conltains instructiions for trainilrig uand reminisceilces of tle world's' atcletes. Now on ale at Vi'ron SAy's, Chemist, News-.ugent and Seedsmanl, l?Nunn street, Benalla.--[ADvr]. The Victoria Derby of 1895 was run on Saturday, andi as was expected, Wiallace--a son of the gallant Calrbilne \--won. Osculator was secondl andil Auraria tlird,. .Letters of admuinitration were granted last, week t the relatives of Richard '1'. Barron, lito rate-tallector of Ie:nalla shire, whose estate has been valued at £57. Probate of te of tie will of the late Alexander ?0obertsron, at one time a storekeep:er in Benalla, who for come years past lias been living a.retijred life in Melbourne, .was granted last week. The estate of the diceased has been sworn at £551 1. The following are the halliclap for the one, two and three miles Bicycle lace, to boe run at the Iaddaginnie Sports on Friday :--l. i). Crocker, scratch in each event; A. ]Drill, 50 yards, 100 vards, 1205 ardts; S. On ,hldstone, 50, 100, 1205; W. W. Leak, (0, 120, 150; F. C. Bllackwell (314h), 90, 180, 2:0; F. D)oyle (2"St), 100, 200, 2500; R. Walker (301b), 120, 240, 300 ; G. Carpenter, 130, 200G, 3:10; D. M'Calman (4816), 200, 400, 500. A locally - trained horse, Mr lR. Taylor's Dictation.-located at Davis' Railway Hotel stables-worthie hurdle race at the lBranjec races oil WedIncs day last. An acciblent happened at the local Shlor- grounds on lFriday, durilng the progress of the I 1-stone hunters' con test at the Benalla Agricultural Show. Mr Vincent's horse was jumpinlg in the contest referred to, and in negotiating tthe last fence, "took off" too'far away and jumped right into the fence, strik ing it with his chest and turning at somersault, over it. Fortunately tie animal fell in such a position as to throw his rider (Jack Spillane) clear of hi in. Spillane received a nasty shalk ing up, but lie nevertheless had a nar row escape from beingseriouslyinjured, if not killed outright. Cross.country riders, however, become used to receiv ing ha:rd knocks, and the iccident did not prevent Spillano frIom riding Fair tield to victory in the high-jump later on ii the dlay. A \\\'angaratta syndicate, iii whichl some local spo: ts ari interested, has drawn Thi,, Admiral in Tathrisall's £50,000 sweep on the ielbourno Cup. In aniother sw.eep on the same race, the first prize inl which is £500, two local railrway clerks drewv Oseula tot, while a itenalla West young lahly was successful in getting Preston. The following taragriaph appeared in a recent issue of the Seymour Tiu.mr ni.ntPII :--" Waanted, someone to bustlo up the Soynlouar Shire Council meet ings. It .toolk nearly liive hours for counciliors to wade tlhrough the corres pondence at last meeting." The Sey mocur people are evidently in the sunic fix as we are at Benalta. In our report of Thursday's show we omitted to mention that the-Vic toria Brewery Comlllin3y was awarded a certificate for its exhibit of ale and porter.. Accounts fr time folloyring persons await pa'yment at the sub-Trteasury, B1enalli :-E. A. S. Greenwood, L. )oyle, T. Arrell, M. J. Vincent, P. Connolly, C. K.. Witt, N. Savage, W. Lawfoid, G. Keane, P. Day, Thos. Reilly, A. Maguire, G. Sealnalrk, J. Nicholson, W. Riddell, I. Henry, A. HarrIis, W. .. Gray, W. Frscer, Jane Foote, T. Nixon, J. Amery, W. -THall, R. Sergeant, 1:. Miller. Two inebrates named, respectively, Walter St. Clair arid Alexander Don aldson were brought up at the local Court of Potty" Sessions yestei'day morning and charged with having been drunk and disorderly on Saturday night in Bridge-street. The men had been locked up siTico Saturday night, and tnsking that fact into considlera tion the magistrate (Mr John Reilly, J.P.) cautioned the offenders and dis charged them. To-day, being Cup ilay, and it public holiday to boot, there will be no sit ting of the Benclla Court of Petty Sessions. The police require an aowner for a pair of ladies' tain shoes found on the road near the local racec6urse. Mr Bettrige was the successful tenderer for repairs ,ec., to the Lenalla police barracks at £36 10s. A young man named Ferris, resident at Devenish,' while standing its one of tihe side-shows tents watching a Ihoxing contest at the Benallit showj on Friday, was wounded in the fleshy part of the right leg by a stray bullet froim a shooting gallery which was on the ground. 