SYDNEY FLYING SQUADRON. The above squadron sailed one of their popular general handicaps yesterday afternoon, over the customary triangular course, having Clark Island as the base of operations. Owing to the extreme flukiness of the wind much of the interest was taken out of the racing, while a very heavy shower of rain, coming at the time the steamers were timed to leave, militated considerably against a. large attendance. The steamers Birkenhead and Lobelia were chartered for the occasion, and the manage ment did well to secure the latter steamer, as her covered upper deck was in great demand during the heavy showers. Mr. Griffiths acted in his usual capacity as umpire, Mr. Mulhall as timekeeper, aud Mr. Jones as starter; while Messrs. J. Baruflay and A. 11. G. Thomas, the hon. sees., saw that all visitors were properly looked after. The weather alone spoilt what would otherwise have been a most enjoyable outing. The particulars of the racing are as follows :— Pikst Heat.— The starters for this were Ethel, 18ft (C. P. M'Conville), Smin ; Grace Barling, 20ffc (T. Colebrook, sen.), Minerva, 22ft (H. Langford), 3imin; Kananock, 2b'ft (M. loy), iSmin ; Latona, 22ft (O. Taylor), 2Jmin; Willia, 24ft (C. Messenger), 2min;~ Young Harry, 25ft (-H.. Pearce)tl scratch. AU got away fairly tol time,- withJEhe exception of Kananook, which started just behind the scmtch. boat, and very.soon retired from the utterly hope less contest. It was-nearly a -run at the start, and owing to the almost entire absence of wind the handicap was utterly spoilt, ns.the big boats on the back mark were ?6qn alongside the J8-fooler. Before Bradley's was reached Latonft had shoved her nose in front, but Young- Harry Was so close that the race looked the best of good things for her. After passing the point Ethel got past the big boats agaiu, and went into second place, while Willia, which was sporting an absurdly small spread of-canvas, came within dn aiie of going ashore. The order at Taylor Bay was Latona, 4h J5miu isec ; Ethel, 4h 16min 41sec; Minerva, 4h 17min 2sec; Young Harry, 4h_17miii35sec; Grace Darling, 4h 18m in 31sec;and Willin, 4h 19mi?i o6sec. Bollooners were promptly aloft for the reach across to the Shark Island buoy, Willia adding a jib topsail, nnd as the wind had freshened a good de&l; very fair time was made. Minerva and Young Harry both outsailed Ethel, but the little boat huug on right gallantly. They were timed round the buoy ac fol low8;-rLatona4h 24min 45soc, Minerva 4h 25min 52sec, Young Harry 4h 2Smin 4sec, Ethel 4h 26min 17se«, Grace Darling 4h 27min SOseC Willia 4h 29niin. Ballooners were retained, after the gybe had been accomplished, for the run home. Minerva appeared to carry a light. wind with her all the way to the flag-mark, and she finished a very easy winner. Young Harry seemed to stop utterly dead, and the. little Ethel, Her squnresail doing good service, got past her big antagonist, and looked likely to ensure a start iu the final. An unexpected rival, however, appeared on the scene in Grace Darling, which, with a squaresail and raffee drawing nicely; went ghosting along past the other two iu the most mysterious manner. Minerva also sneaked riitht away from the 25 footer, which seemed to nail as though anchored, due no doubt to the enormous crew Bho carried. The boats were eventually timed in as follows : — Latona 4h 36miu 5sec, Minerva 4h-41tnin SOsec, Grace Darling 4h 45inin. 15Bec, Young Harry 4h 45min 45sec, Ethel 4h 45min50sec. Second Heat.— The sorters aud skippers were — Plying Fish,' 24ft (J. Mackeu), $min; Volunteer; 24fb (Chris Webb), liniu; Secret, 22ft (T. Lang ford), 2imin ;. Ellie, 22£t (G. Stralow), 2min; Victor, 20ffc (W. Holmes), 3£min. Tho boats had to thrash to the Taylor Bay mark, which was. rouuded in the following order :— Victor 4h 31miu 56sec, Ellie 4h 3'2min 34sec, Volunteer 4h Siuiin 6sec, Secret 4h 3omin 8see, and Flying Fish 4h 40min 30sec. The lastnamed got hung up under Taylor Head prior to clearing the flagmnrk, and only just got round the mark n few seconds before the Victor left the Shark Island buoy in her wake, the gap between first and last boat, therefore, being a pretty long one. A pretty long distance separated each boat on «tho reach to the island^ which was gybed round in the following order: — Victor 4h 4'Juiiu 4Ssec, Ellie 4h41min 'J4sec, Volun teer 4h 41miu 3f!sec, Secret 4h 50miu 33sec, and FJying Fish 4h 55miu lOsec. Ellie getting the wind, which had fulleu considerably, drew up on Victor's weather, :md when off Point Piper had forged ahead of Victor. However, the yMooter with the aid of a friendly puff or two, aud her bal loouer, was back iu her old. place again. Volunteer at this time was ia the doldrums, with not euough wind to blow her bnlloouer out, but through the wind springing up somewhat, she was euAbled to drag along back to Clark Island under all sail set square. Secret, after rounding the Shark Island buoy, met with somo niiafortune, hut which wns not occasioned' by the wind, which at the time was only a ? cat's paw. Victor nnd Ellie finished iu a light southerly draught, whilst Secret aud Flyiug li'ish brought up the rear iu fine style, with a fresh breeze behind 'them; The finishing times were :— Victor '4h 5Suiiu 30sec. Ellie 4h58min 55sec. Volunteer 5h OmiuoOsec. Owinpr to the start of the liual heat Secret and i'lyiug Fish were not timed iu tho confusion. Secret had the better of the Flying Fish by a. couple of lengths. Final. — As iu the second heat, the boats had to beat to the Taylor Bay mark. Victor was the first away, but her start was slightly impeded by the finish of the second heat. Grace Darling was nest awny, followed by Minerva, Ellie, Latoua, and Volunteer, in accordance with their handicaps. All, with the .exception : of Minerva, carried topsails. Ellie, after 'standing away on tho starboard tack and throwing round, was crossed by Volunteer, the scratch 'boat. The Manly steamer threw Latona round ou the poit tack, which tack she kept on for some dis tance, whilst the others stood over to Bradley's, which Victor reached first with Grace Darling just behind. A short board out, ami the boats stood for the Taylor Bay flag marlr. Victor, with a flue lead, romped away, whilst Volunteer, sailing well, crossed Minerva bows, after opening up Bradley's. Latctia was some distance to windward, and weathered on the two latter. Grace Darling did not do well, nnd just managed to cross Latona. Volunteer moved very fast through tho water, aud had the Latoua beatun prior- to making the fl:ig mart, which was rounded in the following order : — Victor oh 3-imin 4Ssec,f Grace Darling oh 37min 4scc, Volunteer 5h 37min 59sec, Latona oh 38min 38sec, Minerva 5h 39min 19sec, and IHlie 5h41mfii 26sec. Ballooners were seat out for the lead to the island. Victor went like a racehorse. Tho posi tions of all were unaltered when tho buoy was gybed round at the following times : — Victor 5h -Mmin -isec, Grace Darling 5h 4limin 22sec, Volunteer 5h 4Bmin;;-3:isec, Latona 5h 47min l&ec;, Minerva 5h ' 4Smin 27sec,- and Ellie 5h oOmin lGsec. Kites were run out for the run homo. Victor carried a ringtail iu addition to her ballooner, Volunter doing likewise. Grace Darling sailed under squuresail, raffee, aud ringtail. Minerva carried a ballooner. The boats had to gybe owing to the wind coining from the south- east. The finishing times were: — Victor 5b 54min ,20aec, Volunteer 5h 57miu 40sec, Grace Darling 5h SBiniu SOsec, Latona 51i oSminoOsec, Minerva Gh Urnin ?lOsec, Ellie not timed. Grace Darling was disqualified for not keeping a straight course on the ruu. Latona, therefore, takes third place. 