THE WORLD OP GHOSTS. THE LATEST SENSATION. Science does not as a rule give a very cordial support to the pretensions of what is known as spiritualism, so that when an eminent scientific man steps forward to say that lie has actually seen musical-boxes flying through the air, and felt his arm pressed by unseen hands, the spec tacle is sufficiently rare to merit some public attention. Curious experiments have been going on it seems lately with a " medium" named Eusapia Palladino, who is described as '"an uneducated Neapolitan womah." They have been conducted in a lonely cottage belonging to Professor Charles ltichet, situated on the He Roubant, off Ilyeres, this cottage being the only house on the island except a lighthouse. The English man of science who assisted at the experiment was Professor Oliver Lodge, and there were also present Professor Richet him self, his secretary, a Warsaw savant,. and Mr. P. W. H. Ryan, a well - known I " psychical researcher." The time when the performance took place was appro-, priately enough, "late at night, after all the servants had retired to a separate part of the building." Dr. Lodge has just communi cated to the Journal for Psychical Research his account of what happened, and he takes care to explain that Eusapia:s hands and feet were so secured that it would have been im possible for her to move them. She began in j the orthodox manner by falling into a trance, the lights having previously been turned low, j so that a state of " approximate darkness" was produced. Then began the "manifesta tions." Professor Lodge held the medium's hands, but in spite of this fact he felt him self "pushed and pinched on the head and back, the arms and kneeshe had his hand momentaril y grasped'' by something resembling a distinct feeling of- a bare handhe heard a musical-box wound up at a distance from the medium, and '' heard and dimly saw. it moving through the air, playing as it camemore over, a chair moved several times horizontally, and rose and knocked the floor, while the "rude outline of a large face appeared against the 'window background." Had the professor remarked that the large outline of a rude face had looked _ in at the window while these experiments were in pro- j gress tile phenomenon could have been explained on the supposition that one of the servants, or possibly a lighthouse man—at all events some disbeliever in spiritualism— wanted to catch a glimpse of what was going Perhaps the most remarkable statement which the Professor makes is that Eusapia, when she is in a trance, "believes herself to be a person called John, her second self"; and that on one occasion, after the seance wasover, when everybody present was in turn pressing a hand dynamometer, Eusapia cried out that "John was squeezing her hand" on to the instrument. Thereupon Dr. Lodge was surprised to note that the apparatus had registered 138, or . double the force which a woman usually exercises. On other occasions and in full daylight he has Seen the register go up as high as 210 under Eusapia's pressure—a figure a good deal higher than any man present was able to reach. What is to be thought of statements and phenomena of this j kind? The professor himself inclines-to. the nebulous view that " some unexpected power of protoplasmic activity" has been at work, some "abnormal temporary prolongation from the body of the medium," not unlike those which an amceba puts forth and' draws back again. He notices as a remarkable point that when about to move an object at a distance the medium would make a push with her hand in its direction, and the further away the object was the longer the period which elapsed before it was set in motion. This would seem to sup port the theory of "prolongations," but it hardly accounts for John and Eusapia's belief in that mysterious double. There is, of course, no need to treat- "levitation" in a spirit of levity, but it must be said with all seriousness that* men of scientific attainments are not always the]best persons to weigh evidence and detect imposture. The kind of tribunal, says a London paper that would, if called upon to decide Eusapia's bona fides, "command jiublic confience," would begone consisting let us say, of a Queen's Counsel, preferably prac tising in the Divorce Division, _ a clever Old Bailey "Junior," a sharp solicitor or two, and the best detective that Scotland Yard could supply. ! 