" PUBLIC-PROPERTY. rv. t w i'— =rO— — 1 w«.,. J- -u-otvis , It was not until this week that wo learned that .we had .in- tlie district a proud and nnglity spirit, which chafed . under, . the/restrictions, to which thuught is qubjcctcd/ in these' degenerate ' days, and which jrqs.especiaijy/discontented . with: tlie Piess.fbr/iiot going, far., enough- in, preachirig the gospel . according,. to Brndlaugh.,, oucli ;ari indiyidualj'./does,- .however, eM»tq.in,-i.theipor-' 8onqf,Jqh,njBron-n,qfAlaldoii whois evidently hot .tlie gentleman,, who/lies, mouldoring in ;his grnve/ n's liq liasstill 8ufficicnt.fifc:in turn/to tush .into print./ , Jpliu/ Brbwii, ;of Mnldpn, - writes to a 'ebnteniporaiy/r-.O, base, agnostic, contemporary ! .t%iikingjjt for its plucky/stand . iii, Tho caiise "of 'free!" tboiighL i/This.consisis, /mainly', in the statement that ; Mr George Biikcr and the Rev Hume Robertson arb about iiri a par in the exV toiit of iheir superna! ural knowledge, /which. will certainly 'lib admitted by, thuclergymKii, .tliiiugh. pbrhaps not ljyi the biicklayor. ' But oven your obht ohipbrnry 'diies not' go ,/fiir .enough for, I lib" Ingersqjl of Maiden, wliri regrets that 'obedience to.' cbnyentibniilily ' lias/ restrained tliiit / paper, frriin mnking W-cleiin 'sweep/of tdj'refigioii.iyhai;-' sobvcr.; Ho seems to he sombwhat cxactiiig ih tlio domands.which lie. -makes . upon the Press nnd tlie parsons? .When, broadcloth nud . white tics are things unknown aiid forgotten,' and every clergyman handles ri hoc or an nxe instead of a silk -.umbrella ; when tho newspapers of the world devote thioe-fourths of their space to publishing tlio views of himself nmong others ; wheu the birthday of Tom Pay no is colobrated as a great and glorious spree by every able- bodied man in tho community : thon, nnd not (i'l then, will John Brown go down to liis grave in pence. " 1 " 1 \- Another of our niost eherished delusions is by way of heing destroyed. The Old Pionbersli-ive begun, to contradict one another, and th'c implicit faith which we formerly' placed io the " remin- iseenoos"-':of every 'one of them' has in,' crinse-' quunco suffered a rude'shock' - Such a tiling has hover- happened before; "It-is" true tliaf uiikind people used to shy tliat each old gontloiiiaii was wont to confirm tho stories of the' rest only in the fimr that if - he .did not do so tliby would bowl him qut'whori.it canib to 'his turh'tb tell a yarri-pbbt'no one who -hiid iiot a, spiteful naturo was ever- willing to/bqlioyo such a thing.'1 Yot tlio suspicion is gaining, strength, that all our early residents "are formed into a 'monstrous ring of romancers, established to keep up the public faith1 in' their 'interesting recollections. Cra- M itchell nnd Yandcll, who aro ardent rivals in the; fiction business, nro said to have often been within'hn rich of " putting one another away" during their /digressions /in Conimittee j and finally/ a'Castlemaine1 resident has published a ilrit contradiction of tho statement of a Ky'nbton brother in tho 'business.1 When such vivid do- tails as' tho seizuro of a Chiriaman !' by the slack of his ' trousers," 'and the propulsion of tho said Chinaman over the railing of a -balcony -'are stated to' be 'quite incorrect, it is hard to say'- how- little, - of the ' average ' ' Pioneer" story wo may now consider ourselves entitled to' believe. 1 One tiling is certain. Ken tish; having betrayed Kenny; may rest assured Jthat the lattor will leave no1 stone unturned to qirove him also in the wrong ; and the proba- uiiii/y i» inui. mo n-ooie comoination win no alto gether " busted up," and that tho Old Resident will find that his nnucdotcs, once received with 'such'unqiiestioning belief,' have hern relegated -to the position of. any other ordinary snnko yarn. -Whit is the use of prenohing sermons on tho End of tho World? The. writer has heard at least a dozen of them nt various times, and apart from the divergorico in the different views ex pressed, ho has not noticed anything particularly impressive rihqut them., However, they nil have one feature in common ; the orator invariably informs his . hearers,, .with -a greater or less! amount of- facial contortion,, that it is quito pos sible that the world "may end this very night ! !.!" (Three notes of exclamation, please.) Thq;.first time that , I heard this I was terribly afraid, and, hardly closed my: eyes till morning. Tho second. and third uttornnoes failed to make so deep an. impression upon riiy mind ; and sub sequent ones have had no effect whatovcr. I have now1' been thoro beforo." I have been monnccd with the horrors of univorsnl dissolu tion too often to. be taken in any longer by suqh an empty threat. ' After rill,' you know, it doos'nt matter very much when . the .end of the world is going to come.. All flesh is grass, and the grass withereth, and we're nil of us got to hand' in our papers sooner or later ; so it is not a thing of very great importance whether wo kick an individual nod Bpocial bucket of our own. or givo up the ghost in n universal cataclysm'. You must pardon the mixture of my metaphors, and remember that I am .preaching, a sermon . just now:; and meta phors:: are - hi way's 'mixed sermons. What is really worth knowing is the sort of end that the world is going to have ; for, if/ the Rev Huirie Robertson is to be/believed; this genera tion of mankind is' just.ns likely to strike it as any other:', - I. happen to know something about it,/for I.have seen it with a prophetic eye ; and in:order to enlighten'tlio ignoranco of others, I subjoin my. experiences— ' " The ctid of tho world was coming 1 I had felt it , would soon: he hero, And 'now ;;thb; Last'1 Triiinp' wris humming and booming right into my car. . Tho earth was beginning to quiver, tho Sun was 1 r.commeneing.tn rook, And I nhxioiisly thought of my liver/and how it ? ... would suffer, the shook. - For the stars Had gone/ suddenly crazy, and were \- chasiiig eneh other about Till my head grew - quite giddy ; nnd hazy, and I ' ' ' .wanted the lamp-post to shout ; The moon .was' suggestivoly winking in a style / that was fenrful to.see, , And tho plants had takeu to drinking, and were , out on a glorious spree. How, the stars got/up there in. the daytime,. nnd why tho moon mado such a face,1. : I didn't feel sure j it;was playtime, I guessed, in .the. regions Of space, , ! ./ ;And'So they.were out for a frolic— and I, smiled ! ' iwith a sympathy keen /:'"- "/ ' As tho Sun: gave a lurch parabolic,! aud lurnod: ; . / an ethereal green.! ' -./ Tho earth it was gaping and yawning in a vague; and promiscuous way, Y ; And this Sun took to sotting arid'dawning about .. five hundred times to tho day, And made fitful' attempts at' reversing, and start- , iiig again n bit Into, Till it set all ' tlm nowspripors cursing,1 for they couldn't remember, the date. : This lasted for ages rind ages, :till tho moon gota cast in her oye, .. ... . - And' tho. plan ets/hadj bl ued .all thoir . wages, and " ' tlio Suii ran amuqk.in the sky, Till even tho comets'/grow frisky, and my head was half-split with tlio noise, And the lamp post was/calling for whiskoy in a piercingly passionate. voice.. , : -Then the trumpet once more started pealing, and the earth made a dart for the Sun,' And into my nostrils came stealing a scent as of ' meat overdone. . I set myself ready for. jumping, - and picking" a , , suitablo placo, , Toolt, a desperate leap, -and, went bumping off the " ". eclgo, of the; world into space, . J fell witl) no possible'ijrition of. whore I. was go- / _ ing to drop; tl- I fell with still digaidr jiidtioh "iill1 1 thought that 1 . 5. Iriiever.would stop, f I foil in a state .beatific, quite .contented to full " evermore," ' ' 1 - Till I stopped' with air impact- teriffic—' . put of lipdj wide awa|fe-pti:tho floor. 