THE LATE SIR ROBERT DUFF. The State Funeral. > An Impressive Scene. Great National Display. An Imposing1 Coptege— Tho Solemn Obsequies-Great Military Pageant. "In the midst of life wo aro in death " sings a yoieo, ringing down through the centuries with tho eternal melody of truth. Tho grim tyrant knows no distinction. But yesterday his trail of sorrow passed oyer tho lowlioit home ; to-day' the highost' in the land are striokcu with a heartrending grief. What to-morrow may bring forth no man knowotli. But a few weeks ago and the late Gcvornor was in our midst, iu health and 'strength apparently, fated to attain his wish, and having completed his career in this colony return ' to and. (lit .days' iq the old land, whero a generation had been spent in the service of tho nation. And yesterday, amid the fullest evidences of sorrow for a lifo cut short, and of Sympathy for those '.bereaved ones from amongst whom his last days were cast, the mortal remains of the late Sir Robert Dull were 'laid to rest. It was a great and imposing demonstration. Long before the time at which the funeral procession was to start the crowd began to gathar around Government House and along the line of route and the carriages to drive through the gates to take up their respective positions. The military and naval forces, numbering at least 3000 men, and including a detachment of men from the Bussard and FalUc, at a given signal took up their placo at the head of the cortege. The others were iu positiou, and shortly after 2 o'clnek the oaken coffin was borne slowly from the ballroom into the porch, where a guard of honor of the New South Wales Artillery was standing at salute. Reverently it was placed, upon the; hearse and tho signal ior the march given. ' At tho Bamo moment from field bottory and the men-of-wars boomed . forth the . cannon, . a last tribute of honor to . the dead. Through the Government House gatcB, with the guuB still solemnly sounding, came forth tiie sad procession on tho slow march to Waverloy. To beat of dram and solemn sound of musio came firBt the military and naval forces, then carriages, and the hearse wholly enclosed and draped with deepest black of crape and bullion fringe, unrelieved save by specks of gold in the tassels. Following behind the honored burden were tho two carriages laden with the choicest offerings of flowers, and next tho sorrowing mournors, the prominent men of our puhlic lifo, the representatives of other nations, the mem. bors of publio bodies and loading private citizens. Around the entrance to that saddened homo wcro clustered thousands.' Right up Mscquarie-street, around the Bide of Hyde Park, there were enormous crowds, which extended so far that they choked College add Oxford streets and the route out almost to the cemetery. The street was throngod,.ihe public buildings and pri vate residences, many of thein with evi dences of mourning, crowded with onlookers. Everything was replete with life save the one cause of all the gathering. ' In tho park there wore thousando of onlookors. Hut probably it was in Oxford(streat, from the 'corner of the park up to Barrack Hill, that the gathering of on lookers was . the greatest. For hours before tho procession started the people began to crowd, the thoroughfare and vehicles to take up positions of vantage. All traffic by tram ceased early in the after noon, and before the minuto guns bad sounded forth all vehicles were stopped, and" at every intersecting street were gathered iu large numbers Look ing down the hill from Darlinghurst at this time nothing was visible 'save a sea of human heads. Oo the verandahs tboro were crowds that lookod dangerously large, from every window sympathetic faces peered, and from all points were hanging the blaok drapings of sorrow. Suddenly, abovo tho hum of human Voices, rose tho sound 'of mournful music, rendered the more melancholy by tho distance, and for a moment 'every sound was hashed. A few minutes and from aroaud the corner of College-stieet bamo tho soldiers, preceded by a body of troopere. As by magic the dense crowd pressed back before the trained horses of tho mounted police, leaving paessgo-way for tho sad procession. The brilliant .sun light striking down giittored again on the naked . swards and tho whole streot scintillated with light. The crowd watching with quietened . demeanor reve rently bowed and uncovered as the hearse paaBod by, and among the thousands thero were many, particularly of the waaker box, who furtively dropped the tribute of a tear. Oa the faces ot thousands was marked the one universal feeling of sympathy, and from their tongues came words of rugrct. Somo there were who in their own family oirolo had evidently in the recent past been brought to feel the sharp pangs ot Bad be reavement, others were out in their holiday, attire, but it was no mere spectacle, rather a poople's tribute of feeling for the sorrow ing home. On and on the proces sion passed. The foremost body of military marching with a martial tread were up beyond Barrack Hill, and yot tho last of the carriages had not nearly rcaohed Oxford- street. The procession must have been nearly two miles long, and oooupied about SO minutes ia passing. All the way along the same donso ' crowd was mot. Crowding tho footway and pres sing far out on to the road, mixing at tho interseotiue streets with horses and vehicles, the crowd stood and watched. At the Centennial Park thousands, taking advantage of the rising ground, had gathered, and right on to Waverloy it was the same. At the cemetery there Was another great crowd. ' An enclosed spaco abd platforms wore sot apart for the mcmbcrB of tho family, thi) clergy and tho choristers, standing close by the grave, which is on Sir Georga Innos' lot, and ad joining the resting place of Lotd Alteram. Long before the funeral procession arrived Lady Duff, Miss Duff, Misses Heather, Isabel and Dorothy Duff, accompanied by Captain Fielding, drove up aha cook scuts iu tho little pavilion, where Lady Darloy and Mrs, Hutton wore Waiting to moot them. This sad little party had left after tho procession and driven out by tho fiayswater-road, thus avoiding the crowd. Tho Government House servants arrived shortly aftorwards, and a body oi marines and bluejackets was formod up on throe sidoe of a aquaro around the grave. When the procession arrived at the cemetery tha troops formed on eithorBids of tho footway, and headod by tha General and staff the procession with tho sad bnrdou passed through the living passago-way to the grave. The opening words of tha service were intoned by tho agod Dean of Sydney, and after tho oiioir had chanted tho 90th Psalm tho coffin was laid rovcrently in tho earth, while on tho oar solemnly fall tho words of tho priost, " Man that is born of woman has but a short time to live." In a few minutes the last sad rites were over, and slowly the clergy aad those around moved away, leuving the widow and thu fatherless lingering at the graveside. It was a terrible hcartwrcuch, hut at length Lady Duff, who had borne up wonderfully through it all,- with griof-set face re turned slowly to her carriage. After alio had witnessed tho beautiful flowers placed on the coffin, saw tho MaBOSS pay., their tributes to their dead chief, slowly the family drove away, and in a little while tho military were on the homoward march. Tho crowd, who had stood bareheaded almost in silence respecting the eriet before them, now pressed forward to tho grave to pay their lat>c rospect to the dead, A few minutes longer and it was all over. Tho crowd gradually dispersed. Tho sun had sunk slowly in the west, tinting the lleoting clouds with lines of living gold and puarl, and in the gathering evoning shadows the body was loft at rest within God's acre, wliilo below tho grey sea was rolling in upon tha rooks, sounding the same eternal chant that it has saDg since Creation's dawn began. THE START. By 1 o'clock those who wished to see tho iunoral commenced hurrying in scores to. tho various pointB of van tage along the line of route, and it was not long before some thousands of spec tators lined .the palisading of Hyde Park from tho Oxford-street corner to the Queen's Statue at. Chancery- square, whilst hundreds assembled on tho opposite side of College- street, on the steps at St. Mary's, and along the railings of Phillip Park. They hurried along Macquarie-strcet ia hundreds until tho crush was so groat that it was hardly pos» sible to get along at all. ; Inside Government House grounds there was comparative quiet until neariy half-past 1 o'clock, at which time the police and military commenced marching in. _ In one corner of the grounds, just to the loft of the porch or entrance to Government House, several artillerymen were engaged in dressing the \ gun carriago with the boautiful wroaths that ' wore carried on it ana in placing others on tho horses. Just before 2 o'clock a guard of honor was formed from the Permanent Force opposite the entrance, and another guard was formed by the Royal Navy. The remains of the lato Govornor wore lying in State in the large ballroom, and many of those who came as tho final arrangements were being cornploted iu the grounds passed through and stood for a few seconds looking on the eolfiu. Tho coffin was a triple coffin, prepared by Mr. Charles Kinssla, of George and Oxford strccte. Tho body was first placed in a pine coffin lined with swansdown, which was cased by a leaden caskot. Tho outsido and final shell was of polished oak. It had massive gold fittings, and on the top u gold plate with tho following inscription His Excollency The Right Honorable Sir Robert William Duff, P.C., G.C.M.G., Governor and Commander-in-Chief of New South Wales. Born at Fctteresso 8th May, 1835. Died at Sydney, 15th Mairoh, 1895. . The. Lieutenant-Governor, Sir Frederick Darloy, accompanied by his private secre tary, drove up to Government House. about half-past 1 o'clock, and was received by Captain Fielding. A little later their Honors Sir William Windeyer and Sir George lanes drove up iu a oarriage, whilst following in another carriage came the Premier (Vlr. Reid) and other members of the Ministry, including Mr. Brunker, Mr. Gould aud Mr. Wanr. Then followed other members of the Miuistry, in cluding Mr, Young, Mr. Carruthers and Mr. Garrard, and with tliern the Clerk of the Executive Council, Mr. Budge, The carriages followod one another speedily into the enclosure, bringing the President ci tho Legislative Counoil, Sir John Lackey, and tho Clerk of Parliaments, Mr. Calvert, the Speaker of the Legislative Assnmhly, Sir Joseph Abbott, and several oifioiais of the House. The Primate and several of the clergy of the Anglican and Fresbytorian churches and several Weeloyau ministers drove into 'the grounds, as also did Sir Jalian Salomons, the Hon. R. E. O Connor and tho Hon. R. B. Smith, Sir Georgo Dibbs, Mr. W. J, Lyne, Mr. Kind, Sir Henry Parkes and.others. Shortly after 2 o'clock tho hoarse, whioh' was heavily and closely draped, was driven up' to the entrance. Sometime was occu pied in bringing out tha numerous boautiful wrcathB and placing them on the carriage, and then the massivo and beautifully- polished coffin containing tho remains of the late Governor was brought out and placed in the hearse. As the coffin was being lifted into the hearse at twenty-five minutes past 2 o'clock the first' gun was fired in the grounds, and the firing was continued until the proeessiou had got beyond tbe gates of tho Government House grounds. As the hearse was closed up several church bells in the city commenced to toll, and tbe band could bo heard playing the Dead Maroh. ORDER OF PROCESSION. \- The mournful procession moved off in thu following order : — Ten police troopers Captain Le Messurier Scottish pipers Scottish Rifles Second Regiment Band Second Regiment (four companies) First Regiment Band FirBt Regiment (four companies) Corps of Engineers (two companies) Permanent Force Band Second Garrison Division Artillery (two oompanies) Artillery Band First Garrison Division Artillery one company) Lieutenant-Colonel Airey, D.S.O. Brigade Division FieliJ Artillery and foul guns Adjutant Lancers, No. 1 Squadron Headquarters Staff Artillery ar.d Naval Brigade Band New South Wales Naval Forces Carriago with German officers Detachmont German men-of-warsmon Royal Navy Royal Naval officers Major-General Hutton A.D.C. and orderlies Ministerial carriage Second Ministerial carriage (Mr. Reid) The Lieutenant-Governor The Primate Mounted Police. The Hearts, Mounted Police Carriage with wreaths Qun-earriage with wroaths Family carriages and his Excellency's suite Presidant of tho Legislative Council Speaker of tbu Legislative Assembly Judges of the Supremo Court Judges of the Distriot Court The. Cardinal . Foreign Consuls Tho Myor and aldermau and jown olprk of Sydney. Metropolitan Fire Brigade Volunteer Fire Brigades Mcinbors of the Legislative Counoil Carriages with members of the Legisla tive Assembly Sir Henry Farkes's carrisge Private carriages Sir George DibbB's carriage The Principal Under-Secretary and tho Secretary for Defence. Private carriages. Carriages with members of the Legislative Assombly Carriago with navol officers Carriages with public officials Private carriages The Paddington Fire Brigade The North City Firo Brigade The Waverloy Fire Brigada Carriages with representatives of Masonio bodies. Friendly Socioties Representatives Masonic bodies Private carriages Members of the Legislative Assembly Tho Railway Commissioners Carriages with pubiio officials Deputy Master of the Mint and officers Privute carriages Carriage with stipendiary magistrates Private carriages _ The foliowing was the order of the car- riages 1st Carriage. — His Excellency the Lieu- t- cant-Governor and Mr. W. B. M'Arthur. 2nd Carriage.— Tho Premier (Mr. Reid), Colonial Secretary (Mr. Brunker), tho Minister for Justice (Mr. Gould), the Attor ney-General (Mr. Want). " 3rd Carriage.— Tho Minister for Works (Mr. Young), the Minister for Lands (Mr. Carruthers), the Minister for Education (Mr. Garrard) aud Mr. Budge (Clerk of the Executive Council). 4th Carriage,— The Primate (Dr. Sam marez Smith), the Dean of Sydney and tho Bishop of'Neweastie. 5th Oarriage.— Cardinal Moran and Men- eignor O'Brien. ' 6th Carriage.— Aides-de-camp and private secretaries, 7th and 8th Carriages,— Members of Government household. 9th Carriage.— President of the Legis lative Council (Sir John Lackey), Clerk of Parliaments (Mr. J. J. Calvert), Black Bod (Mr. S. M. Mowle). I I 10th Carriage, —The Speakoi (Sir J. - P. Abbott), the Sergeant-at-Arms (Mr. Har nett), the Clerk of the ABBombly (Mr. Webb). 11th Carriago.— The clerks and officers of the Assembly. 12th,Carrlage.— Their Honors Sir William Windeyer, Sir George Innos. ' 13th Carriage.— Their Honors Mr. J'ustico Owen, Mr.. Justice Manning, Mr. Salter and MA M'Cr'ac. 14th Carriage.— Mr. Jai. Watson M.L.C., Mr. W. H. Suitor, M.L.C., and Canon Kemmis. 15t'n Carriage.— Sir Arthur Renwick, Dr. Dixson and Mr." Elwcli. lGth Carriage.— The Chairman of Com mittees, Legislative Council (Mr. Jacob), Sir Julian Salomon, M.L.C., Mr. Thornton, M. L. C., the Clerk of the Legislative Coun oil (Mr. Garland). 17th Carriage.— Mr; Trickett, M.L.C., Mr. C. J. Roberts. M.L.C., Mr. John Davies, M.L.C., Mr. Humphery, M.L.C. I8th Carriage. —Mr. . Chanter, M.L.A., Mr. Levien," M'.L.A., Mr. Hayes, M.L.A., H-. Lyue, M.L.Ai 19th Carriage. — Sir Henry ' Parkes, G.C. M.G., Mr. Wise, M.L.A., Mr. Martin. M L.A.? 20th Carriage.— Sir George D.bbs and Dr. MicLanrin. |2ht Oarriage.— The French Consul and Vice-Consul, 22ad Carriage.— Sheriffs aud officers. 21rd Carriage,— Consuls for Portugal and Russia (Mr. Collum and Mr. E. M. Hall). 21:h Carriage.— Mr. See, M.L.A,, Mr. Kidd, M.L.A., and Mr. Melville. 25th Carriage — Mr. R. E. O'Connor, M.L.C., Mr. R. Burdctt Smith, C.M.G., M.L.C., Mr. W. L. Edwards (first clerk of . the Legislative Council) and Mr, F. Walsh (Parliamentary librarian). ' 26th Carriage.— His Hccnr Mr. Justice Stephen's, containing Mr. Milnor Stephen, Mr. R. G. Long Innos and Mr. E. G Dawes. There were also present : — Captain Castle, R.N. (senior ltarul officer), Commander Balfour (H.M.S. Penguiu), Lieutenant Harvey (inspeoior of warlike stores), Mr. Fyntioll (assistant paymaster secretary). Messrs. Criehett Walkct, C. M.G., Lamb- ton, Fraser, Maynard, ICirkpatrick, Barling and Stephen. . ' The Rev. J. -Lamorit (Moderator of the PreBhytorian Church), Rev. J. Macaulay (Moderator .of the Presbytery of Sydney), Mr. Win. Wood and U10 Rev. Mr. Morgan, . Oonsui-Qeneral for Germany. Colonel Airey and Major Collins. : The Consul for Niuaragua, Tho Consul for Belgium. : The Cousul for Greece. Tha Consul for Hawaii. ' The Consul for Denmark, Tho Mayor and Aldermen Penny, Taylor, Jcanneret, H. Chapman, M.L.A., Buckle, .Johnson, Mackey and Landers. Rabbi Davis Members ot the Freemasons' Lodge, with Deputy Grand Master Spencer, Mr. N. Hopson, P.D.G.M., Mr. D. Sodgwiok, Mr, John Hunt, Mr. Froekleton, P.G. W., Mr. H. S. Tnompson, G. S. W., Mr. H. Paasmore, G.J. \Y\, Mr. U. Shuto, G. W., Mr. Marshall, Mr. Soutar, Mr. Trigg, Mr, M'Neilly, Mr. Marsh, Mr. Milner, Mr. Simpson, Mr. Scott, Mr. Holway, Mr. Anderson, G.S.W., Mr. Starkey, G.T., Mr. G. F. Thompson, G.S., Mr. F. P. S. G. Wilson, G. D. . " His Honor Judge Backhouse and Mr, Edward Knox. Mr. F. Wise, Mr. C. B. Stephen, Mr. Montague Severne, Mr. A. P. Bedford. Mr. Alex. Hoy,. Dr. Crago, Captain Le Pdtonrel,'. Mr. ' R. H. Smith, M.L.A. (Queensland)., . . Mr. James. Wilshire (prosidont of the" National Horticultural Soeiety). : Mr. George Coiquhoun (Orow.n Solicitor), Mr. W. R. Beaver (Clerk of. the Peace). ; Mr. Watkina;(Parliamentory draftsman). Mr, C. E, Parkinson, chief clurk Crown Solicitor's office ; Mr. F, H. Wilshire, chief criminal clerk Crown Solicitor's office. _ Mr. Herbert Morris, Attorney-General's ... . .. Mr. Georgo Miller, Comptroller-General of 'Prisons. Mr. Augustus Morris. . The Ruv. Rainford Bavin (the Central Methodist||Mission), Rev. Dr.- Brown. Mr. Forbes Angus, Mr. F. Lassetier, Mr. Sydney Burdsltin, Mr. Quoug Tart, Sigmr F. G. Branohi, the Rev, J, A. Bo wring (Tonga), Mr, E. L. Davis, hoo, secretin , Stock Exchange ; AI'r. L. P. Bain, chairmui. Stock Exchange. Tho Mayor of Paddington (Alderman G. P. Jonet) and Aldermen T. George, T. J. West, G. Walter and J. Dillon. Worshipful Master of tho Cambrian Lodge of Australia, No. 656, aud members and officers. Hie Honor judge Murray, Mri George Lewis (Chief Electoral Officer). The Metropolitan Firo Brigade . wore represented as follows :— 18 men of the Aletropolitan Firo Brigados with Foreman Ford, No, 2 Station, and Foreman Watson, Circular Quay Statiun, under Superinten dent Bear and - Deputy-Superintendent Webb. Captain Lovo of tlio No. 1 Parramatta Volunteer Brigade. There were iu attendance representatives from tho following volunteer companies :— Alexan dria, Aahfieid, Balmain, Burwood, Drum- moytie, Glebe, Granvilie, Leichhardt, Manly, North Botany, North City, Pad dington, Paddington Brewery, Parramatta Nos. 1 and 2 Companies, Randwick, Rock dale, Rookwood, St. Leonardo, Stan dard Brewery, Waterloo, Wavorloy and Woollahre. Tho Firo Brigades Board was represented by Mr. \Vaher Church -(vice- chairman),' Mr. J. St. Vincent Welsh and Mr. Wm., Taylor. Tha Pad- diugton Brewery and volunteer brigade bands led tbo firemen. Tho following mbmbcrs of Grand Lodges of MasonlO oocieties took part :'— Mr. Smith, W.B.; Air. Stuart, P.G. ; Mr. A. Drew, W.F., P:G,, Air. Mt Browne, . W.B;; Mr.t.'Wynnc, P.G., W.B.; Dr. .Carruthers, W.B. ; Mr.' Helmore, P.G.j Air, : Wytalij P.G'.V and Mr. ; Beauregard. Tho Syduoy Chamber of Commerce was represented by tho following ttiembero of. the committee:— Air. Walter Friond, acting president; Mr. J. H. Storey,' hon, trea surer ;_ Messrs. M. Gotthelf, C. E. Graham, C. J. Hsnty, Roht. Jackson, :J. Barre John ston, Geo. S. Littlejohu, E. H, Rogers, A. J. Siovors, members ' of committee ; Mr. Henry CbaB. Mitchell, secretary ;' and Mr. Chas. H. Hayes, secretary Sydney Ex change. Throughout the whole long dusty road in tho intense heat of an Australian summer day the procession passed for miles through the crowd of onlookers,, and nowhere was there evidence that the onlookers felt the strain of the pitiless sun. " Everything was quiot and orderly, au'd throughout it was tho .desire of, ail to bIiow the fceliug of sympathy . with : which they were possessed. At the, grave the ser vice waB performed by' the Priniato, Deau Cowper and Rev: A. E. ' Stoddart. ' There wore also with tho Primate his chaplains, Cauon Sharpe, the Rev. A. W. Pain and Rov. A. Yarn old, and around the. grave the Kevs. Dr. Harris. Dr. Corlettc.' G. E. C. Stiles, E. E. Stoddart and O. North Ash, Rabbi Davis and Rev. J. H. Landau. With the family were Lady Darley, Mrs. Hutton and the' nurses who Had attended in tho late illness. The strong self-restraint with which Lady Duff, and her daughters Watched the proceedings was wonderful. On the platforms aud aroufld- tho grave Were grouped loading men in the public life of tho country; judges and the representatives of Parliament, his Excellency's advisers, lead ing members of the professions, wiiilo at the back stood the bodies of troops from land op'd sea, nnd away again tho thousands of citizens. Truly it was a national gathering of sorrow such as never before had met beneath an Australian sky. THE WREATHS AND CROSSES. There wore many very beautiful wreaths and crosses. A floral cross, made up at the establishment of Alessrs. Soarl and Sons, with the bloom of' the "Sacred Dove" or " Holy Ghost," was sebt by his Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor iSir Frederick Darley). It included aleowater lilies, ninhctoa rosea, carnations aud choice hothouse flowors and foliage. In compliance with a cable sent by Lord and Lady Carrington tho Messrs. Searl forwarded on their behalf a beautiful wreath and cross of white roses, stephacotis, bouvardiaB, white chrysanthe mums, orchids and choice hothouse foliage, A bcauiifnl wreath- was sent by Miss Goodcuough, at tha wish of tbe Earl and Countess of Hupcloun, composed of white roses, stepbanotis, gzrdonia, bouvar- dias and choice hothouso foliage. On behalf of Sir Henry and Lady Norman Alessrs. Searl and Sons sent a cross of white flowors, such - as niphetos roses,' carnations, water- lilies and orchids. There was also a wreath front the Lieutenant-Governor of South Australia, a cross from Lord Glasgow, a cross from tho Consul of Germany, all very beautiful in tho make-up. Wreaths wore also sent on bobulf of Air, A. E. Stoddart and English team of cricketers, .Penisulor and Oriental S.S. Co., Msyor oi Orange, Captain Brooinfield, Mrs. M Simmons; the 'Mayor,' Council and citizens o: Sydney, tho Muyo'r of Goniburn, Mr. Alfred W. and Aliss Gillies, Mayor and Council of Juuee, Mayor and alder men' of As'nfield, Alayor and alder, men of VTnna Vule f.iiw Tnnnin filnli. VImqa Vale; Combormere Lodge, E.G., Alel. bourne ; president. Bong Bong Picnic Raoo Club, Moss Vale ; Aletropolitan Fire Brigade station, bead office ; members of the Prince A'fred Yacht Club, East Orange Council, Aluyor and Aldermen of 1 -Wentworth, D. E, Troughton, police magistrate, Moroe, Mayor and Aldermen of Moree, Worshipful Muster aud Lodge of Australia, Now South Waioa Cricket Association, Mayor and Aldermon of Brisbane, A.J. Club; Sydney ; 'tho Alayor, Aldermen ana .Citizens of Alalbourne, the National Horticultural and Pome- logical Society, N;S. W. ; Commander Lindcmahn aud Naval Brigade officers, Mem bers of the Athemcum Club, Major LasBetter and Officers N.S.W. Mounted Rifies, Bowral and Moss Valo Club, tbo Membora of the Prince Alfred Yacht Club, Mr. Guillanm, Air. nnd Mrs. Geo. Rignold, Nurso Duffy, Mr. W. A, ,Do Mouucey, Mr. Helps, Em ployees Al'Lean Brothers and Rigg, Bench of Magistrates, Moree ; Mr. Al. S. Browne (stalionmiister) and Staff, Ashfictd Railway Station ; Aliss Ottmann, Government House. , From the establishment of Messrs. Pcarce1 Brothers some very fine wreaths wore sont on behalf of Major-Genoral and Mrs, Hut- ton, Major-Goneral Hutton and officers headquarters staff military forces N.S. W., Australian Club (mcmbors), Commer cial Travellers' Association, N.S. W., Mr. Booson (Danish Consulate), Cup- tain Castle, R.N., Sir Saul Samuel, Rev, J. Campbell, Randwick ; Air. Alf. Hav, Coolangalta ; the officers N.S. W. Artillery; Chinese citizens of Sydney; Major Walters and officers of N.S. W. Lnn. c-trs; Captain Antil and officers N.S.W. Alountod Rifles ; Al. Eugene Blanc, prin cipal ageut Messagcries Alaritirnes; Miss Snowdon Smith, triangle ; Dean of Sydney. AlessrB. Miinorand Smith forwarded wreaths onbuhalf of ino Balinaincouncil, tho Horticul tural Society of New South Wales, Mr. George Adams and tho Sydney Quintet Society. Mr. C. Bennett sent wreaths on behalf of Air. H. C. Russell, C. M.G., Government Astronomer, and Dr. and Aliss AI'Donagh, Wreaths were also - senti on behalf of Air. Barney Alien, the Hon. Airs. Pery and tho Sydney Neweboys' Brigade, tho Bathurst Municipal Council, Mr. and Mrs. Carl Fischer, servants Government House, Mayor and aldermen East Orange, Mayor and aldermon Wentworth Council, Mayor and aldermen Moree, Bowral and AIoss Valo club, Dr. A. Jarvie Hood, Vis count GormanstoD, W. Hermann Blackston, members of Sydney Liodcrtafel, N.S.W. Rifle Association, Airs. W. J. and tha Misses Weston, Mrs. and Miss Browning, Scottish Rifles, Captain Fielding, Sir W. P. Manning and family, Lieutonant arid Airs. Edward Hurvoy, Lady Churlcs Paqlot and Aliss Granville, Mr. \V. Penny- map, Royal Agricultural Sooioty, officers of N.S.W. Artillery, membora of tlio Austra lian Club, Doputy blaster and staff of the Royal Aliiit, Sydnoy, Principal of St. ffiaolas's Collogs, Council of Horticultural voeiety of New South Waies, Major Lis- setter and officers N.S.W. Mounted Rifles, Lady Innes, Air. Al. A, Jefi'es, the Chinese., citizeoo of Sydney THE MILITARY, From a military point of viow the funeral was quite, tho largest and most important that has taken place in Sydney, Ac cording to field states there wero engaged in round numbers 1200 troops of all arm's without reckouing a small party from tho H.I. M.S. Uussard. Considering that tho military authorities had only Saturday on which to make all tho necessary and somewhat complicated urraiigemoms for paraders, the turn.nut of tho soldiery was in itself a very eioquont and gratifying mark of respect to the honored dead. In compliance witb a general order issued lato on Saturday evening, and published in our closing edition, troops othor than tho local and Imperial naval rorcca muatsred at Victoria Barracks at 12,30, and under Lieut.-Colonel Taunton paraded acccrdiDg to instrnotious detailed in the order men tioned, every man and dismounted N.C.O. wearing tho mourning baud of black crape on the loft arm, wniio the officers wore sashes of tho same color. Sour after 1 tbe troops left the barracks nnd marched to Government House where, tbauks to efficient precautions taken by the police 1 officials, the entry to the ground was niado without jdolay and. in perfect order. Upon arrival tho 100 men of the First Garrison Division; of Artillorjr forming the ga'ard ,of honor- took up, under 'Major Murray, a position near the ; portico with u detaonmcnt. of ,, similar (Strength, from tho Royal Navy,' the ' re mainder of tho troops resting 'at' case oh tho grass to tho left of the'main avenue in ordiir oi march.' Mujor- General Hutton, and the members of his stall were stationed just off:. aud . to the right of the main avenue/ "When all was ready for the move outward tho word to march was given, and as the band of the 2nd Regiment of Infantry commenced the mournfully-beautiful "Funeral March" of- Chopin the long procession cominonced its Bolenin journey to the burial ground;' tho' guns of 11 and C batteries of B.D.F.A. booming out tbe salute. The precise order of procession as far as the military wore coucorned was. as fol lows s — Captain Sandfnrd (N.S.W. Artillery) Scottish Pipors Major Campbell (officer commanding Scottish Rifies) Scottish Riflos 2iid Regiment Band ' Lieut.-Colonel Waddoll (officer command ing 2nd Regiment) 2nd Infantry Regiment (four companies) 1st Regiment Band ' Colonel Fowiea (officer commanding 1st Regiment) 1st Regiment (four companies) Major Lee (officer commanding Engi- necrs) Corps of Engineers (two companies) ' Artillery Band Colonel Wells (officer commaindihg 2nd Garrison Division Artillery) 2nd Garrison Division Artillery (two com: pauies) Artillery Band > ' Major Bayne8 (officer. commanding 1st Garrison Division Artillery) , - , 1st Garrison Division Artillery :(1 (com pany) ' Lieut. -Col. Airoy, D.S.O. (officer com manding Field Artillery) -.- "A" Batteiy Brigade Division Field Ar'tiliory Four guns " \--. Captain Burns (officer commanding Lan cers) No. 1 (Sydney-Parramatta) , Squadron' Lancers / ' Headquarters Staff:. Lieut.-Colonel Rowe, commanding corps of En giuoera';- Major ; Savage, N.S. W. Artillury Regiment, Acting D.A.A.G. ; Major Walker, . director Of military telegraphs ; Captain Leo, adjutant, N.S.W. Lancers; Captain Saudurd, acting brigade major o> Artillery N.S. W. Naval Forces Baud Commander Lindumau (officer command ing Naval Brigade) Naval Brigade ' Commander Bosanquet (officer command ing Naval Artillery Volunteers I; . Naval Artillery Voiunioors Royal Navy Detachment . Officers and men of the German warship Bussard ' Major-Genoral Hutton (general officer commanding) Captain Knox, Lancers A. D C. Lieut,' Hay Clarke,- Lancers A.DiC. ' Orderlies. As th» bands moved into the procession .t'noy piayed the "Dead Alatch in. Saul," each in turn taking up the Btrain as the other passed out of hearing, until tho last oi the military had passed into -the roadway. Oojects of special interest and udmiration were the gun oarriages, which by some deft hands had been converted into moving, masses of the loveliest white blossoms, even tho horses bearing on their broad backs wreaths of sweet flowers, whilst in the rear wore cars , upon which scores of, beautiful wreaths and garlands were piled into huge inound8 of fragrant sweetness. Beside these walkod men of tho Royal Navy and the Scottish Regiment. With the axcoption of a.slight accident, in which Captain Knox,' A.D.C., Lancers, was heavily thrown by a roaring horse just outsido the gates, the procession moved out in perfect order and' with steady, progress, and although tho heat was intense all bore the strain of the long, slow march to the ground. To tho sound judgment and excellent organising ability shown by the directing OFFICIALS OF POLICE much of the good order of tho im mense demonstration was due. It became evident to tbe observer of these matters that Inspector-General Fosbery had taken very complete precautious for 'the good management of affairs as far aB his department was concornod. At half- past 1 along the lino of march there were immcnao crowds, but police to the number of about 400 had been judici ously paBted at ehort intervals from Govern ment Houso gates, along Alacquarie-street and tho rest of tbe routo to Oxford-street. At Government Houso entrance Mr. Super intendent Read and a staff of officors wero busy in carrying out tho regulations of the day, and this was done with so much calm- noss and courtosy that the most perfect good 'order was maintained everywhere without so much as the utterance of a harsh word. Ab tlio pr-jeasBion moved out from Government House grounds tho lino of police waa slowly extended with the cor tege along Oxford-street, and right out to Wavorley, a perfectly clear passage along the roadway boing preserved. On arrival at tho cemetery tnere was, howover, more difficult work for tho police, 200 of whom, with officers, had been despatched as an advance guard after the first rush of the city was over. Hero again, not withstanding the fact that the crowds surged in thousands about tho gates eager for admittance, the constabulary behaved admirably, and again with the same highly satisfactory results. The officers who acted in control of detach ments wore Superintendents Read and Brennnn, and Inspectors Lenthnll, Bremner, Lawless, Potter, Cotter aud Hyuin, and Sub-inspcctor Long, Robinson, Garland, Scott, 'Haghes, Elliott and Bell. Tha police are also to bo thanked tor their cour tosy and valuable assistance to the represen tatives of the press. THE TRAFFIC ARRANGEMENTS wero carried ont by transit officers of tho City Council under Mr. Inspector Seymour end those und.or Air. Registrar Edward. Just prior to starting tho procession a heavy block occurred in Oxford-street, where trams I and 'busca and cabs unable to pass wero j detained for eoine time. MASONIC. Sir Robert Duff camo so this colony with a brilliant Masonic career. Before leaving England he held tho position oi Deputy Grand Master of Kincardineshire, and was Grand Alastor of ihe Provincial Grand Lodgn of Elgin and Moroly. Ho was in stalled M.W.G.Al. of tho United Grand Lodgo of Now South Wales in 1893 by Al. W. Bro. tho Eariof Kintore, P.G.A1. of South Australia, and was installed for the second year in June, 1 S9I. On tho latter occasion ho delivered the following address:" Worshipful brethren and brethren : I desire, very sincerely, to return you my heartfelt tiiaukB for your renewed confidence in electing me for the second time as your Grand Master, When you elected mo iass year you aid bo, I feci sure, on account of the position I occupied in the colony, and I assure you it- is« matter of great gratification to mo now, after occupying the chair of Grand Lodge for 12 months, to be again olccted to fill that high position in tho craft. I am quite alive to tho faet.that my official duties provont mo devoting so much of tny timo as I should like to the interests of the orufc ; but It has been my desire as far as practicable to visit tlio lodges ; and I have had great pleasure in doing so on several occasions, both hero and in the country di'stricie, and I tako this opportunity oi thanking the brethren of the country districts which I have visited for the very fraternal welcome extended to mo on ail.occasions." \- Among other Masonic functions that he attended was a special meeting -to welcome huh to Forbes in December, 1893, on the occasion of his opening the railway line. Ho affiliated to Lodge Ionic No, 65 (of which lodge the Pro. Gl and Master ie also a member) shortly after his arrival in tho colony, and in May last visited Lodge . Australia No. 3, aa'd on that occasion per formed a small part of tho work of the ercn- ing. On August 23, at a special com munication of tbe United Grand Lodgo of Now South Wales, ho installed Bro. Sir Joseph P.. Abbott, Speaker oi the Legislative Assembly, as AL VY. Pro-Grand Master. Tho duties of Grand Master will now devolve upon that biothor, and a moot ing of the Grand Lodge has been summoned for Thursday next, to officially announce the death of tho M. W.G. Alaster in accordance with the constitution of the fraternity. The Masonic Lodges in New South Wales will be in mourning for threo months as a tribute of respect. \- ,Tho following distinguished brethren were in attendance at the funeral :— R. W, Bro. Thomas E. Spencer, D.G. M.; H. W. -it—.. t-t,.., , ...j 1> n vi . x ( \\\T ftvbl u.uuv uuu tv tbiv; i- i \j| iu d j |u| if 1 Bros. Hopson, - P. D. G. Al. ; Dr. Carruthers, P.G.S.W.; -John M'Lachlan; P.G.S.W.; Plumb, P.G.S. W.; H. Thompson, C.G.S. W. ; A. Smith, P. G. S. W. ; S. B. Bailey, P. & J. W. ; R.' Anderson, U.S.W. ; J. W. Evans; P.G.S. W. ; Rev. Frackloton, P.G.S. W.G.C. ; Wor. Bros. Harry Fassmore, G.llV.; G. H/ Marsh, P;B..of B. ; Shute, G.A. ; A. H. Bray, G. Sec. ;.Slarkey, G. Treasurer; "Wor. Bros. . Tobmey, Dep. G.' Sec.; Marshall, G.S.D.; Burbidgo, G.D.C. ; 3impsou, G.S.; F. G. Hallway, G.S.; Scott,. G.S.; Milluur, D.G.P.; J. P. S. Willson, G.D.M.; Triggs, G.J.D. ; Al 'Noilly, G.S.B. ; Souter Beaure gard, P.G.S.D. ; ' Ryall, J. . H. Harris, P.G.S;- Siiurr, P.G.S.; Hellmore, P.G. D.P.; Howard, P.G.S. W.B, ; A. G. Drewe,' P.G.D.AL ; Moss Brown, P.G.J.D, ; Winn, P.G.T. ; Tudgay, P.G.S. ; . W. . A. - Broe, Tchnent Donaldson, Renwick, Wells, Grace, Hooper, Wislson, H, A. Smith, Goddard, Witeeldon, Salmons, Decker, Milie, Walters, Dixon, Young, Tufliol'd (93 V.O.), Gordon, Brothwood, Barnard, Leslie, Gates, Allwright, Buchanan, Levy, Walker, Percy, Whysall, P,G. D.C.; Morgan, Aluein-. tosh, and many othor -brethren- from lodges in various parts of thu colony, fully 800 boing .present. The regalia was draped, und also the Masonic jewels worn by 'the brothreu. Six carriages conveyed tho members of tho Grand Lodge,' the other brethren following the procession on foot. Tne D.G. M. Right Wor. Bro, Spencer made tho .necessary arrangements convening the brethren, and Wor. Bro. A. J. Burbidge, J.D.G., arranged them in processional order. ADDRESS FRp.\l - THE CHINESE. "Sydney, N.S.W., Alarch 16, 1S95. "To Lady Dm)', Government House, i )' Madam,— We, on bohnlf of the. Chinese residents in this coiony, feel that we should not be doing our duty if wo did not at this time express our sincere sympathy- with yon and your estimable family in the 'sad bereavement which you and they., havo suffered' in thn ' death' of his Excellency tho Right Honorable Sir R, W. Duff, P.C., G.C.M.G. Wu desire to assure you that we fully appreciate tho great ability shown by his Excellency in the performance of his duties as Govornor of New South Wales, and.tbo courtesies he bas invariably extended to tne people oi otner nationalities resident in or visiting this country, and especially to those who are natives of China. " Signed, on behalf of the residents of New South Wales. ' , Qnong'Tart Way Key Doctor On Leo Sum Choy and Co, On Chong , lCwong Mow On On Yik and Lee Otto Kong Ting Quong Hing Chong' S. Sarsin Sum Kum i'iy." AT ST. ANDREW'S CATHEDRAL. Special reference was made at St. An drew's Cathedral yesterday morning by tbe Bishop of Salisbury to the late Sir Robert Duff. Tho late Governor's family pew, the Bishop's throne, the pulpit, reading desk, organ -oft, and spaces allotted to the choir wore dreped in black. Tbo im pressive tones of Handel's "Dead March in Saul" wero piayod as the choir moved into their places. Appropriate lessons were read by the Rev. R. J. Road. Tho Dean of Sydnoy, and tho ohoir Bang tho anthem " Tlio Souls of the Righteous are in the Hands of God." The Bishop of New castle read the Epistle. In the course of his sermon the Bishop of Salisbury said tbey had assombled there that morning con- 'seious in no ordinary manner of tbe feelings which tho text gave riso to. They hud been prepared to welcome bauk tbe repre sentative of our beloved Sovereign, not merely as an official, but for his own sake. His eervicos as a long-tried public sarvaut and tho blamelessness of his private life had secured for him the utmost rcspoct both in Eugland and Scotland as well as Australia. He was a man who, by bis conscientious dovotion to duty, was visibly growing in the esteem and affection of this great pro vince of the Empire. Ho camo back to resume his high office and died. He waa speaking to them with a great sonse of responsibility, as a stranger to thoui, being called by circumstances most unforsccn to represent their Primato on un occasion which would long stand out in the annals of the colony. Had their Primato been speaking to them ha would specially nave expressed his regret that his business at Parramatta had prevented him from being present to offer consolation to their late Governor at nis death bed. Ho trusted that tho sonse of brotborhood with which their hcartB were knit together by tho sad ovont which had so overwhelmed tho community would be transformed into a sense of truo Christian fellowship, and that their sym pathy would be oxtendod not only to tho highest but to the bumblcst of tho com munity who suffered amongst them. As the congregation loft tbe Cathedral a funeral march, composed by Mr. Montagu Youuger, was played by that gentleman. Touching references were also mado to tho sad ovout by tbe Bishop of Newoastle, who preached iu tho ovening. REGRET IN LONDON. Tho death of tha lato Sir Robert Duff was announced in the House of Commons by Mr. Sydney Buxton, Parliamentary I Secretary to tho Colonial Office. Ho oai. I that the lamented decease of the Governo: of Now South WaieB was a very great loss to tho public service. General regret was oxpressed in tho lobbies of the House of Com mons on the receipt oi the nows. The Loudon newspapers havo published complimentnry notices of tho life and work of' Sir Robert Duff. MESSAGES OF SYMPATHY. The numerous messages of sympathy received by Lady Duff included ox press ions from tho Duke of Fife, Mr. E. Al. G. Eddy (Chief Commissioner for Railways), Lord Sandhurst (Bombay), Tho Premier . of Canada, The Premiers of Victoria and West Australia, Lord Gormnnston, (Tasmania), the Erl of Glasgow (Now Zea land), Sir Henry Norman (Queensland), Sir YV. Robinson (West Austrniiu), Lorn and Lady Hopetouu (Victoria), the Admiral commanding tho Australian station, Coptain Graf Moltko (of the German cruiser Faike), Sir Joseph Abbott, the President of tilo South Australian Legislative Council, the committee of tho Sydney Night Refuge and Soup Kitchen, Mayors, Masonic lodges, friendly sociatios and private individuals, PULPIT REFERENCES. At the Centenary Hall yesterday tho Rev. J. A. Kowring preached at tho moruingser- vice. The pulpit and deek railings were uraped iu bluclt. The minister made several allusions in tho prayors to tho death oi the Governor. He also said ; ho was sure ho voiced tbe sentimeuts of the gather ing when he sincoreiy expressed sympathy with Lady Duff in her sad bereavement. Ho hoped God would blots and comfort her and her fatherioss children, Tho building was crowded in the evening, the minister being the Rov, R, Bavin. He Baid no one could look on the vast crowds at the funeral without being deeply affected. Sir Robert Duff possessed sterling qualities, was greatly beloved in his home, was an affectionate husband and father, and a consideralo master. The State was mourn ing the los3it sustained in the death of tho representative of Royalty in this land. At the conclusion of tiie scrvico tho congrega tion stood whilo the "Dead Alarch in Saul" was played on tho organ. St. James' Church, King-street, was draped in black yesterday, aud the bell tolicd while the cortege was passing. Iu the forenoon the Rev. Dr. Corlettc preached and dwelt upon the uncertainty of lifo. He knew that Lady Duff only last week bad written a kind, almost a sisterly, letter to one who had lost tho head of her family. Little did she think thou that the same sorrow would sooii fall on her. At tho Bourke-strect Wesleyan Churoh yesterday morning tho Rev. George Lane. in a prayer, supplioated tho Divine blessing npon the bereaved family at Government House, and commended them to the loving cure of the God of the widows and father less. At tho end of tho service the congre gation stood while tho " Dead March" was piayed. ; At St. Stephen's, Phillip-street, yester day morning the Rev. John Ferguson said it was becoming in them to remember Lady Duff's loss. Their sympathy was due to her and ber family, and all who were suffering with her in her bcreamen . As Christians it waa their duty to pray that God would j comfort them in their hour of sorrow. Tho congregation then joined in prayerfor Lady Duff. " Tho Dead Alarch in :Saul" wrb played in the morning and evening. At the Anhfield Presbytoriau Churoh in the morning the Rev. J. Auld made refer ences to the Governor's demise. At St. Luke's, Burwood and Concord, tbo Rev. Canon Aloreton at both services delivered sermons referring to the melan choly event. Special hymns were sung, and while the " Dead March " was being played the congregation stood. \- At St. David's, Dobroyd, a funeral ser- vioo was condnciud .by the Revs. George Al'Innes (ex- modcrutor) and J. Ground water, The Rev, G. Al'Innes offered prayor on behalf of Lady Duff. At the following churches references were also made to the'death of the Governor Sl. Patrick's (R.C.), Church Hill, Trinity Congregational, Rev. George Littlemqre; Burwood VVeslejau, Rev. O. J. Fresco tt, ALA. ; St. Paui's, Burwood, the- Rev, A. R. Bar tie It, M.A.; Burwood Con gregational Church, Rev. Geo. Camp bell; St, John's, Ashfield, Revs, l)r. Corlatte and T. IC Knlbbs ; Rev. VY. J. L. CIosh, B. A-, Summer Hill Congregatioual ; Rev. M, Moss, Aahfieid Baptist ; Rev. G. ,E. Gi.bbes, Bt. Andrew's (C.E- ), Summer Hill ; W> \V. Ru'.ledge, Ashfield Wesleyan ; Rov. J. Bongcre, Croydon Congregational ; Revs. Charles Bice and /Alfred Yarnold, at Christ Chaicb, North Sydney, at St. Thomas'r, North. Sydney; North Syd ney Wesloyan. by Rev. Joseph Bea'le; the Coif'.i.-.i.niional, Wilson's Point, fay Nov. James Alar tin ; at Unitutiuu, by Rov. Georgo Wauo.i; at St. Brigid's, Alarrickville, by Rov. Father Roginnld ; at St. . Paul's, Red- fern. bv Rsv. F. B. Bovce : at St. Tbnm.'n Balmain, by Rev, John Dixcn ; atChalmer's, by Rev, James Milne. . In the eastern aud other suburbs feeling references wore also made. At tbo Synagogue cn Saturday the Rev. J. H. Landau spoke of the sad event, and the Rev. A, B. Davis intoned a memo rial prayor. REMARKS BY THE CARDINAL. At St. Mary's Cathedral yesterday the Cardinal referred to tho death of Sir Robert Duff. Hasaiddhat a sad and unexpected event had cast its shade over New South Wales and the whoio of Australia, viz., tho loss oi a worthy Governor. Though two years had not pasecd since Sir Robert Dnff had arrived in this colony as tho representative of her Most Gracious Majesty within a few hours the lid of hie coffin would bo Bcrewcd down and his remains would bo consigned | to the tomb amid tho grief of the whole colony. The deceased Governor was thought of not only for the individual distinctive mcritB oi his career, but as tho repre- sontaiivo of that great Empire of which Australia formed an integral part. Still they conld not forget the merits of the lato Governor, ami should remember that during his long Parliamentary career he had boon an undoubted champion of thut great Liberal party whose motto for the last 30 years had been "Justico forIroland."Tho Cardinal then referred to the great Liberal measures which the lato Governor had assisted in passing, and said that the grief of the colony should not be for the individual alone, but &s; the representative of her Most Gracious Majesty who acted us ruler of the groat Anglo-Coitic race. Thoy should not forget to unite with their fellow- colonia'.s in expressing sympathy with tho excellent family oi the lute Governor in their terriblo trial. They should pray thi-t God would L'ivo tiiem in the shade of sorrow strength to bear their affliction, and to this prayer they should add the hope that God would reward those who had felt tlio force of this blow a hundredfold with the blessing of His love for their resignation to His holy will. The funeral arrangements wero carried ous by Air. Chas. Kinsela, of Oxford and Goorgc etreets. As the funeral of his Excolloncy tho Go vernor was proceeding in Sydnoy yesterday afternoon the inhabitants of Parramatta wero reminded of the fact by tho muffled tolling of All Saints' boll. There was also a muffled peal rung both morning and evuning, und the chancel was draped in black, including the communion table, rails, &c.; At the closo of bis sermon the Rev. J, Done invited tlio congregation to join in silent prayer on behalf of tho bereaved family. There wero speoial musical selections, including Men delssohn's, Chopin's and Beothoven's funeral marches and the "Dead Alarch in Saul." 