CATHOLIC, ? * ? ' — CONSECRATION OF BISHOP GALLAGHER. A BRILLIANT CEREMONY. In our special reporter's account of the consecration ceremony at the Goulburn Cathedral, the many in cidents of interest and significance are set forth. The distinguished gathering of prelates and priests was in itself a remarkable tribute to the learned and eloquent President of St. Patrick's College, who received the mitre, the crozier, and the ring of the episcopal office from the handB of the Cardinal Archbishop. Needless to say, the Right Rev. Dr. John Gallagher, after giving his first episcopal bless insr as Coadiutor-Bishon of Goulburn, was over whelmed with congratulations. The presence of his Lordship Dr. Murray, the senior Bishop of the pro vince, in happily restored health, was one of the most gratifying features of the celebration, and the happy accident of fortune which brought the most venerable member of the Hierarchy ' back from the jaws of death' — as Bishop Lanigan phrased it — to give his warmest welcome to the newly-robed Benjamin of our bench of Bishops was made the subject of felicitous comment by several of the speakers at the banquet. The crozier pre sented to Dr. Gallagher was greatly admired, and the elegant design and workmanship won many compliments for Mr. E. J. Hollingdale, the Sydney goldsmith and jeweller, from prelates and priests. In the list in another column of the Diocesan clergy who assisted at the consecration, the name of the Rev. J, Hennessy, P.P., Albury, one of the senior priests, should appear. We have been obliged, at the last moment, to hold over the report of the entertainment and pre sentations in connection with the ex-students of St. Patrick's, who had their special celebration in honour of Dr. Gallagher on Monday. The parishioners of Wagga Wagga (Dr. Gal lagher's own particular flock) were strongly in evidence at the presentation ceremonies in the Goulburn cathedral on Sunday evening. Mr. George Coleman (Mayor) was the spokesman. THE WA08A ADDRES8. ' To his Lordship the Right Reverend John Gallagher, D.D., Co-adjutor Bishop of Goulburn. ' May it please your Lordship, — On this, the on casion of your consecration to and full investiture with all the powers end functions attaching to the high and holy office of Coadjutor- Bishop of Goul burn, the pariohioners of St. Mishael's, Wagga Wagga, among whom you have faithfully laboured for the past eight years, reverently approach you to heartily congratulate you upon the auspicious event, and to earnestly and Bineerely wish you all the divine grace necessary to sustain you in the discharge of the momentous and sacred duties now devolving upon you. 'After a distinguished career in your national college, Maynooth, inspired by the same spirit wbijh mrved the saintly missionaries of old, you left your loved homo to devote yourself to the arduous duties of a missionary priest in the fair land ofy^ur adoption. With what indefatigable zeal you have devoted yourself to this sublime yoca tiaji is known and appreciated throughout the land. \ M As a ripe scholar and eloquent pulpit orator you \ m have won a well-merited reputation. You have \B] edified us by your untiring zeal and priestly life, IB enlightened and instructed us by your profound IB erudition, and won all our hearts by your mild and 11 gentle disposition. 11 'In your twenty-five years of devotion and in cessant labours in the cause of religion and educa tion you have achieved magnificent results and have now received a splendid reward. That you have qualified yourself for this great distinction by a laborious probation in the office of priesthood, the monuments you have raised to the honour and glory of God in this Diocese amply testify. As Professor and President of our Diocesan College for over thirteen years, you have gained for that insti tution a high reputation and placed it upon a level at least with the foremost educational establish ments of the colonies. The beautiful Convent pile on Mount Erin in out own town in its completed form attests at onoe your zeal and ability and speaks eloquently for the deep and lasting interest you feel in raising and ennobling the tone of our Catholic womanhood. By the introduction of the Patrician Brothers you have secured a solid and valuable foundation for the faith and morals of our boys, while placing within their reach the priceless ad vantages of a sound education. To you was entrusted the task of reducing the debt on our Church, and the auccegs which attended your effort in this respect sets the stamp upon your faculty for organization and upon your character for indomit able perseverance. ' While living amongst us you never failed to recognize the duties of citizenship and always did your part cheerfully and well. Your public utter ances — breathing a fine spirit of toleranoe and good will — are remembered and preserved by the com munity among whom you lived, admired and reopected, for several years. No greater proof of this could be manifested than the readiness with ? which your non- Catholic friends have assisted us in paying you this mark of respect. 'With keen pangs of regret your last parish takes leave of their revered Pastor. We share to the full the honourable pride you may justly feel, as well in the titular distinction you have won in the Hierachy as in the larger and enhanced opportuni ties it gives you of continuing in the vineyard of your Master those splendid services which the Holy See has now so signally recognized. ' Beseeching the Almighty to long spare you to adorn by your piety, your zeal, and your learning the high office in which the Holy Father has con firmed you, and desiring to be remembered in your prayers, -we are, your Lordship's grateful parishio ners (for the parishioners of St. Michael's, Wagga Wagga), 'George Coleman (chairman), John Cox, M. O'Connor, James Gormly, F. M'Donough, P. J. Mahon, John M'Garry, P. J. Coffey, E. W. Don nelly, P. Moran, T. J. Foley, Chas. Smith, Thomas Halloran, William Walsh, John Nash, J. E. Molo ney, Martin Treacey, W. B. Loughran, A. P. Ly saught, M. Loughlin, L. Corbett, James Ryan ;? W. M. J. Walsh, hon. secretary; W. J. Monks, -hon. treasurer.'' br. oallaqhhr'e response. Dr. Gallagher said he intended to reply to the whole of the addresses, making special reference to the sentiments contained in ench one. On that even ing he would confine himself to the one from the Wagga people, and as to the others he would vtake occasion to give his replies on next Sunday even ing after vespers. His Lordship then spoke an fol lows to the deputation from Wagga ; — If I Baid that this address from the people of Wagga took me by surprise— that I did not expect it — I should not be telling the truth. It is only in keeping -with the whole tenor of their mode of act ing as citizens for a townsman whom they respect, as Catholics for a priest who has laboured amongst them, for many years. All that I have heard, and certainly all that I know by personal experience of the people of this fair town and leading district forces me to believe that there ia not beneath the Southern Cross a congregation, in proportion to numbers and resources, more loyal to their faith, more ready to help with heart and hand every noble and deserving cause, everything that tends to the benefit of our fellow-men or to the advancement of religion. That allusion in your beautiful address touches me with a peculiar force which tells me that, although I never sacrificed one jot or tittle of Catholic doctrine and always strongly insisted upon the justice of our Catholic claims, yet kindly feel- 1 ing and harmony and peace, so far as my ministry I; was concerned, reigns between every class and | creed, that this great mark of respect from a Catho lic people to their pastor received ready assistance from those who have not the same faith nor kneel at the same altar as you. The only thing to which I couid take exception is the strong wording of the address, which although expressing, I am sure, your genuine sentiment, gives a picture of me far too perfect, far too high, far different from what my inner consciousness tells me I am. One thing I willingly admit— the interest, greater indeed in desire than in accomplishment, yet always sincere, which I took in the progress, in the happiness, in the virtuous lives and good names of the people who were entrusted to my care. There is a charming, story (contained in a single verse of the Old Testa ment), Baid a great statesman with exquisite felicity on a remarkable occasion, which has often struck me bb one of great beauty. You will remember that the Prophet Eliseus, in journeying to and fro, was very hospitably entertained by what is termed in the Bible a Sunamite woman. In return for her hospitality he wished to make her some amends, and he called her to him and asked her what there was that he thould do for her. ' Shall I speak for thee to the king ?' he said, ' or to the master of the host ?' Now, it has always appeared to me to be a great answer that the Sunamite woman re turned. She replied, ' I dwell in the midst of my own people.' Such is the reply I should have wished to make to you. Amongst you my lot was cast. I felt proud that, through me, your noble parish had the honour and privilege of being the first '? Permanent Rectorate' canonically Instituted of the great Church of Australasia. We were so happy together in town and country, in the houses of the wealthy, an honoured a welcome guest ; 'in the humUja homes of the poor more happy still, for we felt that amongst them we were the true Soggarth Aroon ; that we brought in eacH succeed ing visit n b'ejaing to their lowly hearths; that we were iheiy instructor, their consoler, and their friend. 1 knew my sheep and my sheep knew me. You were rever afraid to unbosom to me your sor rows, and you were ever only too conscious that I should be a sharer in all your joys. From the very first we worked together, shoulder to shoulder, to remove the heavy debt that weighed upon the district. When that was gone we felt a mutual pride in the great works which, not I, 'but your own Catholic spirit, set on foot and which your generosity brought to a successful issue for God's glory and for the religious education of your chil dren. Obedience to higher authority often called me away for lengthened periods to other spheres of duty. But Wagga was always .my home. Your pastor ever longed to return to the ' midst of hia own people.' Hie iUius anna, hie currus fuit, in it& simple presbytery, centre of spiritual life to a faith ful people Burrounded by its efficient schools and reposing beneath the shadows of your splendid temple. Amongst you I should have been happy to work on even to the end, ever planning some thing new, laying the foundation as time went on and as our means allowed of some new institution, ever seeking to introduce according to the require ments of time and place one of those countless in struments of beneficence or enlightenment which Holy Church keeps in reserve for the amelioration of men here on earth, for the salvation of their im mortal souls beyond the grave. Your children, too, of whom I was so justly proud, now happily so well trained in secular and religious knowledge by the Brothers of the monastery and by the good Sisters of the several convent schools were growing, up around us to be, as I fondly hoped, no less for me than for you, the staff of our old age— our crown of glory and our joy. I dwelt amidst my own people and when death shall come happy should I be to dwell amongst them still, to repose in peace in your beautiful little cemetery awaiting the dawn of the happier and brighter day in company with the faithful people whom I loved— for whom in life I had thought and worked and prayed. But my honest conviction was that I was never destined to be a Bishop. The high qualities that bent that exalted dignity did not seem to be given to me : ' an eye to guide and a hand to rule and a calm and kingly head and a heart from which, like a holy ?well, the souls of His flock weie fed.' Rome has spoken, however, and the cause is finished. Like her divine Founder she has chosen the weak things of this world that she may confound the strong — me luuiisu tilings tsne nus uiioaeii uiau one may wu found the wise. From a simple priest I am one daj', though we all trust that day is remote, to become jrour chief pastor, whose duty is to judge, to interpret, to consecrate, to ordain, to offer, to baptize, to confirm. My ministry must now be for the whole diocese and not for one district, how cherished soever that district may be. ?? Take heed to yourselves and to your whole flock over which the Holy Ghost has placed you Bishops to rule the Church of God.' My residence must perhaps of necessity be in another place. My relations to you may be somewhst changed ; but the home should be far away and the change be great indeed which can ever alter, much less efface, the strong warm feelings of affection and of esteem which remain deep down in my heart for the kind-hearted, the generous, the devoted, and faithful people of Wagga Wagga. OTHER PlfB^ENTATIOXS. On Monday morning the priests of the diocess- through the Very Rev. Fr. Finnegan, presented an address and a purse of 150 sovereigns to Bishop Gallagher, and the Very Rev. Father Slattery, of Tumut, presented the crozier used at the consecra tion nc Vwc nprcnnal rri-ff 'PV ftlafforxr if. i« ir\\+.pr»af. ing to note, was Dr. Gallagher's college companion in Maynooth, Ireland, and was ordained with him in Maynooth by Bishop Lanigan. The pupils of the Convent of Mercy high school gave an entertain ment on Monday, at which the Cardinal and the other prelates, including Dr. Gallagher, were pre sent. All the visiting prelates, excepting Dr. Mur ray, who is spending a week or two with his old friend the Bishop of Goulburn, returned to their d ioceses on Monday evening and Tuesday. 