Upr @tttaubtct. I'U ISHEi), FRIDAY MORNINGS. FRIDAY, JA1ýTU4RY 4, 1895. IT-. ays little for the. intellectual pro gross of the. human race. gWhei we find that no, sooner does. one. form,. of super stition and ignorance die out than another-foSr- a-prings?u.,in uitsplace. We have well-nigh, got rid of a belief in ghosts;.'iba?ted hoit?es, and all that? sort of-thing,. though it-required many hundied yeiru to accopmplIsh that much. Withcr;aft., too, is. go, loung;. believed in, or if such belief does still linger in, a few seelSuled noolo? a.d cor ers.of the. old country, it does; not appear to have been transplanrtedi to:-Australia. But; if those follies a"id superstitions "are rapidly becoming ?.eu iories of the past, we have abundant ;evidence that they, need 'pnly be revived. n(1 presented In new forms to, be greedily received. as worthy, of credence-not by ignor;,nt people oply, but by persons.gf edurcatipn, and iulture. i.`; Tlie:earliest tevivals of these follies, put into new dresses, date nearly fifty years back, when 'tab~le-. turning,? " spirit-rapping," " sla,te-. writing" hy t. iisible spirits, &c.;, turned the heads of g-reat numbers of weak mirided people. " Theseimpostures, how everi were evanesceqt, nd appear to have gone entirely out of date: Then, spirit " nediums" were invented. That is, as civilisation advanced, aiad jIventions multiplipd, and the startling regelation8 ' , ' '- . -.* of science followed each other with q rapidity that almost took away people's C0 breath, direct communicatiomj were th opened with the other world. These cc gifted people, the "m editlus," sprung tl up like mushrooms, tlqhough where their hi species had lain buried during the last m few thousand years the "'spooks" have i m not yet condescended to iinforq; us. e' But, as all science, like the human race, ti is progressive, the original niediunp has tc been improved upon. The mere mes- si sage from the home of disembodied p spirits, once consideired so marvellous, b wris " improved" into the presence of the o spirit itself. Then, as if that was not a enough, the spirits becamne "' material- t ised"--thatis, veritable sbstance, which t could be felt, squeeze your hand, eat chocolates, eqmit "kissing" sounds, and 'would probably kiss you if asked, Can I human folly go much farther than en- ti terttining a serious belief in such trans- 2 parent tomfoolery? If one of these t gifted " mediums" can compelthereturn o to earth of a spirit-can " materialise" p it, 1iat isclat he-it with fleshreatore t the'function. of earthly life, which p must be 'done before "chocolates" can s be cateri and received into a stoniact- I if all this can be accomtplished, what, t then, is,td prevernt the medium from I retaining in .the world altogether these " Cissies"l anid " Geordies ?" When they have been once got hold of, why let them go again ? Where is the good of going to. ll this trouble for nothing ? It would do much to beget a general belief in the extraordinary powers Mrs. Mellon and her kind claim for them_ selves if, when once they hove produced these wonderful " materialisatipns," they would trot " Geordie" out a little. Why not let him sit down in the roo.n and have a chat with people? .,. better stll, take hinm down stairs. and give hin, a good dinner. poor follow, he mu4t want one badly enough after all the knocking about he has had. If "Cissie is indulged with her chocolates, why not let poor " Ge.rdie" have 4 good beef steakl and a pint of brown stout even if he were melted down and sent back to the land of shads, before.toast ing tine ? Bu.t there, is nother grave oversight which is coqnmitted. ,very body knows that, if mankind, fieels greater curiority about one thing tblan anothdrit is about what we are pleased to call the occult world. No douhlt each) one of us would like to. lift up a corner of the curtain and have a, peep. Whetler it"would he good for up is a diffrr.nt thing. Ctill, most of us,would take the risk. Now, here is 3 ?s. Mellon and ie',nbers.'of the elect have been as familiar with Cissie,. Geordie, and Josephine, as it is possile to be, arnd yet, so far as we know, no atteimpt has ever been mrade to. "draw them out" to get at the Grand Secret we all would like to know. Surely Cissi.e right have been bribed with a packet of chocol.ates, to take b?ck with her, she appears to have beenso fond of them. Then, there is Aberdeen Geordie :-might not he. have been drawn by the pro.er of a, bottle of-Scotch whiskey Evidently i Mrs. Mellon and her friends have been remiss in, these, and-=some. other mat ters. It may not be generally, known that, nearly fifty years ago,. George CruikshanlF the elder published, in the SLondon papers h1ie ideas about ghosts. It was called " the.clothes test." Ad nmitting, argued Ir. Cruikshank, the possibility of a disembodied spirit's re turn to earth, and making itself visible to human eyes, it would be a '' shape" and nothing, mpre. It would assuime the form and. features of the. man, or woman, whose "ghost" it was, and it could only dp, this in virtue of- the in> mortality of- the soul. But '- ghosts" never yet appared naked- they are al ways clotlhed" in some way, 'and as clothes are n'Qt imnmortal there can be. no 'ghosts of clothes. This-" clothes test" completely demolishes the ghost, or spirit imposture. We do believe in I the existence. of spirits, though we douht greatly Mrs. Mellon's ability either to make them visible, or even. to sumnimon them back. But we utterly deny her power to create-that is,-to, manufactur-e garlients ' for theim. Things vwhimch do no't exist, she cantiot produce, and as the spirits' clothes are of earth, her "spirits" also must be the samerr .: 