FIGHTING BIBD8. Some two' or throe years back, I was lying with my binoculars intently watching the proceedings of a small bird of whose J I was anxious to leam something, when I was startled by the queerest combination uf sounds that ever assailed my ears. Turning my head.I beheld a strange sight. It was nothing less! than a kestrel-hawk and a car- rion-crow fighting beak and claw head over heels. Whether the one had attempted tp, make prey of the other—a somewhat unlikely thing —or the enoonnter was the result of a mutual misunderstanding I cannot tell, bntthat they fought long and stubbornly I had the unique experience, so far as I know, of being witness to. The hawk eventually got tho better of tho contest, and the crow, gasping for breath and sorely dis<ressed, was obliged to seek the friendly shelter of a leafy oak, back into whose branches his vigilant adversary drove him every time he attempted to sneak away and esoape. Male, grouse fight like game.cceks during the pairing season, and their dead bodies are at. times picked up after an enoounter. At this particular season birds may be seen ohasing'eabh other as if demented, and heard uttering their sharp angry cock! 000k I cock! I haye known a pair commence a fight on the heather- clad top bf a high Yorkshire bill and continue it so stubbornly, 'that' it did not finish until they landed pell-mell amongst the branohes of a tree in the green dale below. Everybody knows .what a pugnacious litUe rosoal the English sjparrow ia, and a few at.least love Jam for hia tenacity and pluck; but the iollowing story, \rtiich appeared tiw pn^thologijc&l; corner of a suburban paper nbt long agp. is Bkely to disgust his most a^nta^nurers.fpr it ispositively apna'" ~ ip 'its jwyage teatality:—A p«r_" <4* Bpa^yi|'were,pbsarved to alightOT "' ml^jlaporm^nbt.fnm^a 'inintHiii 'jhe m^iSreadS pdy thateyer oocurred since'. was .'enacted,..; .(temping , -eibh gladiatprs in fiooce embrace ,ihey _sm^moji«l eveiy whit pf remaining strengtti, ancU to the/imutterable' ppnsternation pf the 'stationinaster and several passenj^ers whp had assembled with the usual curiosity of a London .crowd, , they .simultaneously pulled ^ach other's I<aeds off, end gave up the ghost ndeby ddel I have seen a good many enooonters in my time between all kinds of combatants as fibroe and dissimilar as hulls and ants, hut I.&iiist; say that the above stoy eclipses any performanoe in the fighting or.fio&oiilngline; that ever crossed the AHantio from" His land of telltfaings. Hie dock pheasant is a pugnacious fellow, and a wily poacher has been, known to take advantage of this weakness fot the Sport of combat by feedmg-a. number of • long-tails * at a given spot for afew mornings, and then suddenly turning - a game bock armed with steal spurs amongst them to deal death right and left and thereby enrioh his master's larderl .' '. . The black grouse is a bird whose lovejrfXing is all done by hard fighting. Hegnlar battle grounds are established where the birds assemble at dawn of day; the males to fight and make feathers fly in all directions from each other's bodies, and thefemalee b) enjoy the 'sport and run fo and Xro with dropping Win^s and bestow their favors upon the' gallentvicfors. Comparatively shy and inoffenmve birds Will, when they have, helpless young about, sometimes ^show a surpiiidng'amount of oonr* Hi«. "A. iuUd^lM W ima t& v< adT» flB in the utmost discomfort that had made a; decmer it to one of her downy little ohicks. A keen,observer pf 'oaten reoenily raoprded an enoounter which be witnessed taking plaoe on his lawn between a misselthrush and a stoat. The bird had its nest in a tree close by, and belonging to a spocies that is pestered with a -paitfoalady large nnmbor of wily onemiiw was on the look-out. Directly the stoat oame forth bom beneath some laurel bashes the missel-thrash oonr- . ageously oharged him. Poor bird, the encounter was between vastly unequal foroes, and here pluck speltdestmetion. There was a tumbling bundle of feathers, a load hanih shriek, and the lithe little animal carried his assailant off beneath the evergreens for supper. 