SEWING RAG CARPETS. It was ■ small nnpainted house, stained an indescribable hue by the kudb oad rays ol hall a century, a row of still, Lwubardy poplars in front, and beneath the windows, in a narrow bed outlined by strips ci board, blossomed fuur-o'alocks, vouth orrd-old-oyc, and gaudy African marigolds, which seemed to hold up their orange torches with a dis tinctly defiant air. Orecu paper shades veiled the window, and a knocker, with en sntrlc'e head, hung in the upper centre of the door. iivery one has seen such houses along the ooontry roads where the Queen Auno cruse had not yet penetratod and orchids and Japanese foliage plants are yet unknown. UisB FosBett and her niece, Mary Ann, sat in the little front room sewing rags lor a carpet. A bright wood firo orackled and snapped in the air-tight stove, for, although the eun shone bright on the marigolds and (our-o'olooke, there was a k»on wind blowing, and the dead leaves were carried in all direc tions. The oat was asleep among the balls of rage wbioh made a parti-oolored mountain in one oorner ol the room, and the wooden clock tioked shrilly on the shelf alongside of a case of dried butterflies and a plaster of parie parrot with a broken beak. Mies Fossett woe elderly and spare, with a false front vrbioh did not in the ieaet matoh her black hair, and speotaolee. Msry Ann was slight and grooefully rounded, with dark, aolemn eyes, and lips redder than wild rasp berries. To Miss Foseet everything In the world was subsidiary, jnet at present, to tbe finishing of the carpet sewing. To Mary Ann there was nothing in all the world which was eotnally impossible. There iB jnet this diflerenoc be tween sixty and sixteen. "I was a-oaloalatiD'," Miss Fossett droned on, "to get this one carpet wove before snow-fall, bnt I gnesa it'll be a close shave now. 1 didn't know if I could get my front chamber oarpeted, but the eobool-ma'am might oome here to board; and twelve ebil lings a week ia twelve shillings a woek in these times." "Yes, Iknow, aunty, said Mary Ann •'and why shouldn't she oome? Wo shall nave the carpet ready for the loom, and in [ tbe meantime why shouldn't she oe sai7.n«l I with a rug or two laid down by the bed and in front of the bureau!" "Qavent yon heard?" said Miss Fossett, Btooping to regain her spool ol thread.1' The school-ma'am's going to be married, and the new teaotaer, Eliab Bay, he boards to hum. I don't believe he'll get along any better than Miss Marston did, if he is a man teaohcr." Mary Ann's eyes lighted np. " To be married ?" said Mary Ann. " Yes," nodded Miss Fossett. " Who is she going to marry, Aunt Foe set?" 41 Our next neighbor," answered Miss Fos sett, grimly, •' Mr. Kairweatber T" "Yes, Mr. Fairweather. It beats all I" Miss Foseett added; 41 to think yousbouldtft a heard it afore now. Why, she's going to he* a dove-colored silk dress from Bridge port, and a store bat, trimmed with stuffed birds and a real broohay ehawl. Must have laid np a eight o* money, I should sup pose.44 Mary Ann was oilent. It was a question whether or Dot ehe beard the etream of idle onatter that flowed uninterruptedly from her aunt'elips. . For herself ehe sewed away, and uttered never a word. . John Fairweather to be married to Alda Mareton! Tbe news had fallen like a thunderbolt into tho peaoeful eercuity of her heart. .. . In novels she bad read, many a time ana oft, of tbe duplioity of man, bnt the fact bad never oome so near home before. The two' women eewed diligently at the carpet rags until dusk. Miss Fossett had no idea that any one could desire rest from so delightful an occupation, and Mary Ann scarcely knew what ebe was doiDg. A sort of stupor seemed to onmb ber censes. 44 Ooess we'd better stop a spell now," said tbe old lady. 44 Jest you ran out to tbe - well and fill tbs tea-kettle, and I'll set out the r | aDd doughnuts and ris biscuits. Ve won't bev no regular meal, being there's euoh a hurry with tbe rage." _ Mary A"" atuok ber needle into one of the red flannel leaves of tho housewife, wbiob was fashioned like a miniature book, dropped her thimble into ber pooket andvau ifihed, . She did not go straight to tbe well,though. Bbe stole np tbe winding wooden stairway first into bar own room, where the yeuow glow of the sunset yet lingered, and took two or three dried rosebuds end a sprig ol soeutod geranium from a little box in the oorner of the table drawer. Looking at them lor a mo meat, she opened tbe winuow and flung tbeut out into tbe grass below. 441 bave been a fool long enough,4' said sbe to herself. i „ , , Then she went forth to the well and (Died the tea kettle,listenings vaguely she did so to melancholy "chocVi etieep" til tbe uiiok ets in the stone wall. 44 Mary Ann t" a voice uttered. Mary Ana started eo violently that ehe nearly dropped tbe tea kettle. It was Miss Mareton who bad come udcX peotedly up the path, with a bunolr of colored maple leaves in ber bands. '■ Ob, Mise Alda, how yon startled me I" 44 Took me tor a ghost, ch ?" said Aids Marston, laughing. 44 But I wanted to see you, Mary Add. OoodneflB mul" iuleutly scrutinising herfaoe by tbe last lading glomus of daylight, "how pretty the obild is growing! I don't blame John for being bstwitobsd about tor*" 44 Did you want anything," said Mary Ann, bridling np. . 441 want yon, ohlld, said Alda Mareton, in tbe pretty, domineering manner nhiob, being some time a 44 Bobool-ma4am,44 she had naturally acquired. 44 Qnu you help me with m; sewing a little this woek ?" 441 am afraid I cannot,44 said Mary Ann with her faoe turned away. 44 Ob, Mary Ann—and I had counted on you for a oertalnty I" 441 oannot I" frigidly repeatod tho girl. Mies Marston stood silent n minute or two. Then sbe said, eonxingly,— 44 But you haven't congratulated me yol, Mary Ann." ' Mary Ann withdrew bereelf spasmodically from the light touch of her band. 4414m euro I hope you will be very happy," eafd she, 41 No, 1 dou't, cither—X don't hope anything ol that bind,'4 Then sbe fled away, sobbing and holding tight to tbe Ico-kettlo, wliuse spout droppod all the way in a moi.t lachrymatory fashion. Tbe kerosene lamp was lighted when she reached the room where ttis balls of osrpet ' rags were piled up. John Fairweather him* eelt was leaning against the wooden mantel. 1 troth with bit e'buw In dsngeroui proximity to the amor dried bttt&^1MttP«ant wis nowhere to be «een,*>'-5 v" « She hes flono upBtalro,";,! explained, in answer to list ered look," to geta bag oljbp Uubbsrd'a neoralgia. Ars yohj Vou look bo white and weary.! With gentle authority he^ kettle from her hand, and estf Mary Ann helplessly Whilo. . - --™a Hon tall and straight,§n4'fl was I How pleasant stionhmsl genial bezel eyes I Ho wo learned tolove him 1 how it! done again. Wae it uotwic herself to think ol him who help Mareton, much lees to look am hie face. With these though!* i it wbb no wonder that her e*r frigid he an ioiole. She paid i question. . :' ''jaswLZ' •< Miss Marston IB out by tUO *^j||OU'pflll find hor thero," eheeaid.. "Mist Marston, eb H'sa'd 1- —_ with provoking equanimity. 'Ttwj .me—you haven't told me wbet y6u| our tamily arrangcmente, V,y—' urixed ?" Mary Anu looked at him tin mhiB|moDt, almost iflanger. " 11 Of oooibo I was surprised,";; " But," gathering all her presenile "I don't know why—it is no brig mine." ' dL ... " But it is though," satdbe. "ft.jb|»v Duly driven ins, a little sooner than other* ' t'oipatod, to aek you to listen to Miss Aida must not imagine that jehe is the only person in the world who.aan got married." , ' .. Mary Ann drew herself op. . ■,£;j , " Mr. Fairweathcr," said eb",«' Impst-bog you to remember youreelL We ara.rioCMor mane here. Neither are you any relation so Bluebeard. In tliiB oountry a man oeib irhve but one wife." Mr. Kairweather looked pqzxled. " An indisputable fact," eaid he. "jBnt I know of no one who is contradicting it," . " Haw dare you insult me by euuh wards?" oricd poor Mary Ann. " You who ate en gaged to Miss Marston 1" "liot 1 am not engaged to MusiMar* eton." • . " Mr. Fairwoather 1" " 1 am not indeed," he said. _"D»ar little Mary Ann, do not look at me with ahah in credulous qyes I Miss Aida Marston it 'afii- j anced to my father. She is to be myjetcp- i mother, next month; and as I would hatu- j rally, under the existing cironmetanoee,prefer a borne of my own, 1 want yon to Be its household angel." ! Not another word was spoken. Mary Anne eoft eyes, brimming over with glad teatsivrere , lifted to John's faoo. She stole towardabim and hid bur crimson eheok against; his shoulder; bis arm lightened itself, 'in'the , most natural manner in the world, around her waist. . 1 " When tlisB Foaaeti eame down stairawitb t?ie bag ot hops', the two wore busily engwed in pioking up the baltB of carpet-rags whiab baa rolled away in every direction. ! . " It was the cat, aunty,' explained Mary Ann. " She was aBleep in the very middle of the balls, and when she got up and Btrekhed herself—" ; " Cats are a dreadful bother when tuete e work around," said Miss Fosaett. fS After John Fafrweatber had gope.boi with his etep-motber-eleot (Mary Ann wasn't the least bit in the world jealous of Miss Aida Marston now), the girl crept oat in we dew and starlight to pick op the dried rtoe buds and the Boented geranium-leaves. J _ " Oh, what.a fool 1 wbb I" she whisptAo softly to herself; "and how happy:l am ytt last 1" ' 1 She helped Miss Maretcn with her dresiyB, after all; and when the rag-carpet was ewtn and woven in rainbow stripes, it occupied li-C I place of honor on Mrs. John Fairwcatha"'" dainty little kitchen floor. " Isn't it pretty, John f" she cried. "The prettiost thing I ever eaw_ in 1 life," said John, looking straight into] wife's face. " J Mrs. Fairweather laughed ana Mushed,o said,— " Now, John, don't be a goose I Probably the most respectable member*), the Frenan presideutial household ie Mow Grevy. In bygone ages she is asserted /jo have Ailed the position eitbei of IsundreM, honsekceper, or cook—or, perhaps, all three oombined—in M. Grevy'a bachelor household. In a moment ot.pardonable weakness, inae much as ebe was tho mother ot his only daughter, Mme. Alice Wilson, be married her; but not finding her preeenoe bs a wife as congenial as that of a favorite menial, be in sisted that she should live apart from him. When, in 1871, he wee eleo'ed President of the Kal~i"nal Assembly, hardly any one was aware of hie marriage, and bis friend* were only apprised thereof when, having ch.f fingly urged that the French nation would never stand a bachelor president, be replied, somewhat plaintively: " Bat I am married I" Mme. Grevy was quickly summoned from her retirement in the provinces, and apart from her saying the wrong thing in the wrong place is, on the whole, a good-natneed, re spectable old aoul, though somewhat mean ; and stingy in money matters. One ot tatr peculiarities is that she ia »t uWerably unable to onpe with long names and titles. The DucheSB ot Feroan NuoeB, one of the prood est Qra*d<is damtt of Europe, was B.jani.b Ambassadress a few years ago at Paris, ft was absolutely impossible to get Mme. fa Prtndintc to address her oorretily iu conver sation. ]ietusing to call her either "duchess" or "ambassadress,"she insisted on speaking to her part ol the time as Mm". Fenian, and the remainder ol the tune as Mme. Nunes. From ail Olfactory point of view, it seem*,1 agreeable aliment may be divided Into, two classes—those whioh arc most fragrant ex ternally, and those which develop superior odors after they arc crushed by the teeth or touguc. Strawberries, apples, peaches, have ! a more refined and flower-like fragrance be fore they are put in the mouth than after. Cheeses, on the oilier hand, are not generally regarded as fragrqbt until they are belng haten. The odor of Limburgcr Is insup portable to many, who after they have once courageously smuggled it past the nasal for tress, find it very appetizing and good. Hut the most curious illustration between exo teric and esoteric odors, so to speak, is the tropical fruit called (be durlon. Externally it resembles Lira burger in having an inren- < sely disagreeable odor, but during routicn? j tion it yields " wafts of flavor that call to ■ mind cream cheese, onion sauce, • brown sherry, and otber incongruities," according to Mr. A. K Wallace, who adds that "the more you cat of it the less you feel inclined to stop; in fact, to eat dnrions is a rare sensa tion worth a voyage to tbe East (p exnerl enee." Tbe disagreeable external ibis rose evidently neutralized by-iHe ffS-" granco that is set free as the fruit is criubpd in the mouth. Anyone who will take vp a book on tho culinary art will bo snprlsed, in the first place, at the frequent referenfos to the odors of the viands; in tbe second place, at the thought that in bas occurred tolfyone heretofore to generalize and boldly state that the sense of smell plays tbe first uddlg.to the kitchen and the dining-room. Be-" Miss Elizabeth, do yon the pianof fins: "No." IIe (enraptured): "Elizabeth, you i" Teacher—" Who knows of smother,; fill animal betides the dog that acr" man every wlioref" Boy ". " Tbe—flea 1" Gentleman On a restaurant): here, eir, what are you doingt 'Yv glass with a poeket-handkercbleffV Waiter : " Beg pardon, slr-ei; own I" Analysis , boa brought to.livht, that Ice cream frequently cntltftlnsj It never seems to hurt tho elrli how its always the young mite;' ituck, MS 