The Colonial Voice of tile Day. On Thursday, the 26tlx nit., the hearing of the appeal case C. Carlson V. Howard Smith and Sons, was concluded inthe Supreme Court, 'Adelaide. The decision given by the Port Pirie Court was Uphald, and the Judgea ordered the rale to be discharged, allowing costs to the extent of, as per Advertiser, twelve guineas, as per Register, four guineas. I was present at the trial, and the Advertisers rqpprfc is the correct one. Why is " Gi&RINY;?* BO taxless in fhe Law' Courts reports. In more than one instance I have lately noticed the same want of <5orrectness. Even in this she gives the credit of bringing the case to a successful issue to Mr. W. V. Smith, whereas I know that that Able lawyer gladly acknowledged the valuable 'assistance that he had received from your Mr. Cjpinger in the preparing and' the conducting of it. In this particular also, the Advertiser scored against"Granny:'' Do yon remember the " Portonian," run by the eccentric though clever," Moody, ..in, tb^iseventies ? = He was never bo happy as when he could shonup the delinquencies of "Granny," th o nafne he always give to the Register,- whom he depicted as a, very stout elderly dame with a Sarey Gamp bonnet and a Partingtonian umbrella. Poor fellow! I met him at BorderTown on his return journey on foot from Victoria^ where he had been to administer a thrashing to Clark, the Member for Williamstown, for having spoken disrespectfully of the Queen, and as short of casli as his worst enemy could wish him to be. I am told that there is a clause in the New Zealand Local Option Bill, which provides that every man, convicted of being an habitual drunkard, shall be photographed at his own expense, ani a copy is to be supplied to every publican in the distinct, in which ho lives. The clause does not state whether ' he is to be photographed drunk or sober, whirh is a fierious omission ; for there are many " habituals" who could only recognise themselves, if they were able to see, when they were as drunk as owls. When pur own Bill comes under legislation, the necessity for insertingthis clause might be brought under ; the notice of our versatile Premier by the ladies of the W.C.T.U. I understand that the . ladies of this union ai« most, anxious that steps should be taken for the enforcing^ the proper observance of the Sabbath. Have they heard that a clock has been lately brought to Adelaide from-the 'Land o* Cakes, which stops working from midnight on Satnrday, tiH r Mondj*y morning', and notifies that the interval is Sunday ? Carlyle • -would have called this " religion by machinerybut as an exaio^le oT piety, it has no parallel. A contemporary obser ves that this may riot Xfi .wholly satisfactory to rigid Sabbatarians, because it seems to make the question one for tune rather thanfor eternity.' It reminds one of Sir Andrew Agnew, who complained that beer could not be re strained from "working" on a Sunday. If the mechanician, who invented this<;lock; had considered that it did not require one of his professional skill to put it on or back as required," he would have saved himself many an hours fruitless labour in endeav- ouring to further the cuuse of Puritanism. In my travels I once met at a table £ hote a lady, who was quite an enthusiast'in the matter of Marie Corelli' s writings. 1 She seemed to think'me very benighted, because I had read none. In mentioning their names to me, and in reply to ruy queries; each book Was 11 loVely," and so interested did I become in her descriptions, tbat I finished by promising that I would buy them and read nothing else till the course was completed. I kept my'promise, and I was tftell repaid. Is there any one whose "aoul is so dead," that having once read "The Romance of Two World," he or she does not wish to read it again ? Can " Ardatli " or "The" Soul of Lilith" be forgotten? The charm of "Thelma" remained •with me for many days. And when I had Tead « Wormwood" arid " Vendetta" I returned again and again to their terribly vivid pictures. But in spite of adverse criticisms her most famotts- book is*•' B&rabhaK.;" A very 6hoit Space of time li&s; eUpsed since it was given to the public, and it lias already gone through seventeen editions. All sorts nnd conditions of men " read her roknances. One of her warmest admirers is the Queen of Italy, who has presented her with an autogiaph-p^riraiti and when our Queen had read, but lately "Th Romance of Two Worlds," she sent from Balmoral a- telegram' -stating briefly: "The Queen .desires all Marie Oorellis* Works." After reading these wonderful and beautiful works of imagination one naturally asks oneself what can the writer of such books be like ? One would expect to see a woman, not young, and with pronounced features, one whose appearance would show knowledge, of the world. Until 3 found out, I could uot, rest. I therefore wrote' to" Edmund Yates, jvitli' whom I had been intim&tely; acquainted iu the old country, for . all informatioh, and without more delay than was necessary,, he ¥enfc me -the- foliowin^ particulars :—" Marie Cofelli is petite and plexion,'' child-Mike form, and tinyhands, , with deep-set, earnest, grey eyes, and a lavish quantity of soft, fluffy, golden hair, curling carelessly over her brow and gathered into a " Greek " knot behind, a silvery voice, and a rippling laugh ; in fact she is so unlike any preconceived notions you may have formed of her, that it would be difficult for you to realise that withir the small head lies a brain of such power, an imagination so vivid, and an intellect BO keen." Thus Edmund Yates to myself. The •next "Voice" will utter more about her. Commercial travellers do not know eveiything, though they are credited with a vast amount of knowledge. In the train from Adelaide last Tuesday, one C.T. said to another C.T., 41 Old boy, what is the meaning of Bimetallism ?'" An answer was about to be given, when as I looked up frjm the book I was reading, he caught my eye, and said : "Ask Mr. Nonsuch, these abstract ideas are more in his line than mine." I confess -I do not like being drawn any more than any other badger, but putting on ail air which might mean something or nothing, I told them that " Bimetallism meant using both gold and silver as legal tender money, and coining all the bullion brought to the mint for such ymrpose at a fixed price." Said C.T., No. J. " Will not this marvellous, increase in the world's late output of gold upset all the calculations of the bimetallists ?." " It will indeed,'' said I. Not long since they foreboded th:;t ..Australia, through the dearth of g^d having reached such a pass would be considered as effete. Little did they think that that terra incognita Westralia would develop gold fields twice the area of Ireland, and with thousands of square miles of as yet, imexplored country. In fact, Africa and Australia are presenting such wonderful i-eturns at the present time, with every indication of their increase, that the word bimetallism will most likely in time cease to be known." Many years ago there dwelt in these colonies a wandering minstrel, named Billy Barlow. I have met him in more than one place, and he discussed sweet music. Amongst his songs he used to favor the public with one, which lias : been lately brought under public notice by means of Trilby. It was her only song. Its name is "Ben Bolt," Being last tiijglit in the society of ; some ot the fairest of God's creation, I was asked if I knew the words of that song. Had I ever heard it sung? Could I sing it I What could I, ip fchjfe : : p:r«scuce of twelvebeautiful"* eyes, ' and six pleading voices do, but comply, and recalling to> memory . Billy VBailow, - I thus warbled :— Don't you remember sweet Alice, Ben Bolt, ' . . Sweet Alice whose hair -was so brown, Who blushed with delight when you gave her a smile And trembled with fear at your frown ? In the cold churchyard in the valley, Ben Bolt, In a corner obscure and alone ; They have fitted a slab of granite so gray, \- And sweet Alice lies under the stone. Don't you remember the tree, Ben Bolt, That stood near the foot of the hill, Where oft we have laid in the noonday shade And listened to the click of the mill ? The mill wheel has gone to decay Ben Bolt. And its rafters have tumbled in, Aid the quiet, that hangs o'er the scene as we gaze. Has followed the olden din. Don't you remember the school, Ben Bolt, And the master so stern and so grim, The shady nook by the running little brook Where as school boys we oft used to swim 7 The grass grows o'er the master's grave, Ben Bolt, And the runniug little brook's now dry. And of all the boys that were schoolmates then, There are only you aud L There's a change in the things that we've loved, Ben Bolt. There's a change from the old to the new ; Yet I' feel in the innermost core of my heart, That there can be no change in you. Tenyears, ay, twenty, have passed, Ben Bolt. Since first wo were friends, yet I hale Thy presence a blessing, thy irioud&hip; a truth, Ben Bolt of the salt sea gale. I do not know whether I did justice to the sweet, yet plaintive air and words, but to quote Milton, " .Silence accompanied" the conclusion of the •song, until .disturbed by the voice of a ladv in in a distant part of the room, informing some one to whom she was talkirfg that the doctor had ordered h^r to tiy a change for a while. ' " Then if I were yon I would go to a photographer's and have my picture taken," said her husband, who was standing by." " Why should I do that ?" asked the lady, a society smile illuming her features. " Because the photographer will tell you to'look pleasant, and if you obey him, it, will be die greatest change that you could possibly expeiience." And the brute walked to another part of the room. A contiibniion to last Tuesday's Register on the " Children of Night." caused the conversation in a house, where gossip is unknown, to turn on Lo r d Lytton's "The Last Days of Pompeii." Mifi. Blank, our hostess, asked one of her daughters to sing JNydia's.'song, .which many years ago had been set to modern music, and in -a sweet voice she sang the following —r Buy my flowers—O buy—I pray ! The blind girl comes from alar ; If the earth be'as,'fair as Iiiear, them fSay. ~ These fiowers'her children are ! Do they her beauty keep P They are fresh from her lap, I know ; For I caught them fast asleep In her arms an hour ago, Will the air -which is her breath— Her soft and delicate breath— Over them murmuring low! On their lips her sweet kiss lingers yet, And their cheeks with her tender tears are wet, For she weeps—that gentle mother weeps, (As morn and night her watch she keeps, With a yearning heart and a passionate care) To see the young things grow so fair; She weeps—for love she weeps— And the dews are the tears she weeps, From the well of a mother's love ! Ye have a world of light, Where love in the lov'd rejoices; But the blind girl's home is the House of Night And its beings are empty voices. As one in the realm below I stand by the streams of woe ; I "near the vain shadows glide, I feel their soft breath at my side. And I thirst the lov'd forms t; ;see, And I stretch my fond arms around. And I catch but a shapeless sound, For the living are ghosts to me. Come buy—come buy !— Hark ! how the sweet things sigh (For they have a voice like ours), " The breath of the blind girl closes The leaves of the saddening roses— We are tender, we sons of light, We shrink from this child of night; Froj,. the grasp of the blind girl free us, We ycaru for the eyes that see us— We are for night too gay, In your eyes we behold the day—• 0 buy—0 buy tha flowers !" 