POLITICAL PIPS. Will some person well up in Mathematics kindly inform us where Beid will get hiB revenue should he abolish ihe Customs duties 1 As Mr. Beid alleges, the Upper House has its uses. For instance, the other dav it afforded Mr. Want the opportunity to show his diBgust at the much-boasted Court of Conciliation Bill, which his colleagues down ' below sent up. Mr. Want's idea ot his uee ! as a Councillor was shown in his retirement I when the measure came up for diecussion. The ' Herald ' is original or nothing. The other day it printed a list of members wbo were not present to vote against the amend' ment introducing - one man oue vote ' into the Local Government Bill, and in tbe list were Slattery, Green, aud Wiliard, each of whom have been politically buried for some time. The ' Herald's ' sleep must be disturbed by the appearance of the ghosts of those poli ticians whom it so brutally libelled during their political lives. There is a general whisper abont the Par* liamentary lobbies that Parkes will make a jump on the 3rd of May next. For soauj time his end of the library has been looked upon a6 a Cave of Adullam. » * « Dan O'Connor told a friend the other day that the inomeQt he joined Parkes he fell like Lucifer or a P.M.G. from the Post-Office tower, never to rise a^ain. Griffiths, who i6 regarded as the Beau Brummel of the Assembly, objects to Sir George Dibbs coming back to power. ' We want a man with no back- bone, no ideas, no dictatorial propensities ; we want one whom we can kick about, politically, and we have got him. No Dibbs for us,' eays the gentle man witk the tan boots, eye-glass, and button-hole to matchf yclcpt G-riliiths. Mr. Duffy, M.P.T(Qneensland). was intro duced by Mr. Willis into the Opposition room on Wednesday night, when he met most of the Protectionist members, i ? ? * Storey, M.P., who considers that any man should starve who will not work for his tucker in Centennial Park, is at present much concerned about the closing up of a graveyard at Bandwick. Thus whilst, he would close other people's graves by Act of Parliament, he is digging hiB own political last resting- place by his sneers aud contempt of the starving men, many of whom helped I him to place and pay. I Joey Carruthers is tricky or nothing. He ! always reminds us of a racing pony who, being spoiled and petted, has learnt all the trioks known to pet monkeys. His latest little dodge was to put Watson, M.P. for Young on the Conference between the two Houses about the Land Bill amend ments, instead of such men as Lyne, j Chanter, Crick, Gormly, Willis, Millen, I or McDonald, all of whom are I sound on land legislation. Watson, who is a j compositor by trade, does not know tbe I difference between a preleasc and a paddy- 1 melon, or between a dog-legged fence and a scrub turkey. But he happened to be the mover of an amendment, which brought about the defeat of the Government in the j Local Government Bill, so he had to bo petted. Joey's idea was to put him on the Conference, where he could argue hard legislation with such small fry as Pilcher, Q.Ca, and B. E. O'Connor, &c.; His appointment was met with tbe intense indignation of the House, and the unlimited surprise and delight of Watson. We intend to watch Watson*6 capers when lieid asks him to innovate himself on Tuesday by i rescinding the One-Man-One-Votc Clause he I inserted in the Local Government Bill. 1 ? ? ? Mr. James Morgan, for Mr. Perry, asked the Colonial Treasurer in the Assembly on Thursday — L Has hiB attention been directed to an artiole in a newspaper called Tkuth, issued on the 21st instant, entitled 'An Unjust Judge?' 2\. If not, will he read the article, and, if satisfied with its falsity, cause the writer to be punished ; and, if the article is found to be true, will ne take Parliamentary action to remove the unjust Judge referred to 1 Mr. Beid answered— 1\. No. 2\. No. My duties are snfliciently onerous at present without undertaking Press censor ehip. J Our Boys II v 6t Josephs' ex-Students II. —Played on Moore PArk* and resulted in a win for the fermcr team. For the winners, BouBell took four for 23, bowling very well, and also scored 1G not out, and G Palmer, SO, batted well. The St Josephs' all played as well as possible under the circumstances. JameB Hunter—Soles 3d, women's 2d, hammers lOd, lifts four a penny, knife 6d.* JameB Hunter.—' Lay on Macduff, and damued be be who first cries, ' Hold ! Snough P'— Shakespeare. That tho famous Japoolo Tea ia o be obtained # Stewart, 74 William -street. Latest designs in Art Millinery may be obtainedfrom The Elite Millinery, 8 Imperial Arcade, between Castleteagh and Pitt Streets.* Masdames Watt and Lord, Allora, 30a Hunterst, Tea and cold luncheon-room.* 