HER MAJESTY'S THEATRE 'The House that Jack Built,' as staged by Mr. George Rignold, and interpreted by Her Majesty's servants, is so brimful of quaint conceits, of fun and frolic, of pretty sets and splendid scenes, of band some dresses and still more handsome ladies, and, last but not least, of laughter loving, busy, industrious children, ranging from the veriest mite that ever toddled across a stage to Nellie Ogden, who plays tbe part of 'Puck,' in the brisk, blithe manner that the character requires, that tho parent who doos not tako his or her boys and girls to see ' Jack' and the 'Princess Daisy Bell' cannot have sufficient sense to come in out of tho wet. Miss FJorrie Forde, as 'Jack,' looks 'spiffing' (as we heard one gentleman remark). She walks well and carries herself like a Prince, and her splendid figure was set off to the best advantage in tire very hand some dresses described by a more practised pen in another column. Miss Forde enunciates her lines clearly and distinctly, and whether speaking or singing can he heard all over the houBO, in this the fair Florrie's excellent example might be fol lowed with advantage by more ambitious artiste. Miss Florence Esdailo too, as Princess 'Daisy Bell,' looks sweet enough, and sings well enough to satisfy tho most captious critic. Like the member for Burrowa, whoBe political demise we are all deploring, Florence 1 acted splendid.' Both Miss Forde and Miss Esdaile were rewarded with well merited oncores for the spirited rendering of their more im portant numbers. Miss Katie Towers, as 'Maggie Murphy, 'Daisy Bell's F reucli maid, from Cork, made a*most bewitching little personage, and looked equally as fetching in the garb peculiar to her sex, as in those properto the male portion of the' Murphy clan. Miss Agnes Bristow scored nnmiB lakeably as 'Tommy Tucker,' a plump and pleasing young friend of Jacks'. M ss Grace Freeman as 'Truth,' and Miss Minna Phillips as ' Industry,' wore living imbodiments of tho - gracef ulnesB and beauty of these rare virtues, and M:Ss Bella Fcrman, as tho principal ballerina, inflamed tbe hearts of all the mashers in tho theatre. Mr. Frank Hareourt made a sufficiently terrible Ogre, and Mr. Harry Hodson made tho most of 'Manmou.' Mr. Bent Royle as 'Agitatos,' Mephistoleau character, pervaded tho piece from first to last, arid the chief funny business' was done very well by Messrs. Fred Dark, Ehvin Lester, Steve Adson, and tho Permans, in whose prtct e.'d hands the comic element invariably comes cut on top. In the first act, the second scene — Lord Merryland'B Country Mansion and Yuletiao fete — was remarkably well done. The country dance by the children, and tho dances of the lady skaters, being Doth exceptionally good- and far beyond the average show. The Fire Ballet was un doubtedly the most beautiful item rendered. In this the leading bal lerina (Miss Bella Ferman) and. the coryphees of tho ballet, danced in aud out, and through fiercely leaping flames. This clever business was of course assisted by mirrors* as in Pepper's Ghost of days of yore, bat the optical effect was simply splendid, the figuras of the ladies, floating through the flames enveloped in the thin nest of gauze, constituted a scene that evoked storms of applause. But if'this was the most beautiful, the Building of the House was certainly the most effective, and judging from the continuous applause, the most popular. In this fceno troops of boys caino on ; bricklayers, carpenters, blacksmiths, stonemasons, hodmen, barrow men, and artizana and laborers of all sorts and conditions. The boys hammered and sawed away, tlioy ran round with barrows, they {put up scaffolding, they ran up ladders with hods of bricks, sliding down the ladders in true bricklayers' style, while through the hammering and tho clattering the House gradually arose. Anon a bell rang — dinner-hour — and the wives of these laborers appeared, each wife bring ing her husband's dinner. After dinner more work, until the House was Built. During the process of construction little Nellie Ogden, promoted now to the degroe of a Master Mason, flitted to and fro directing and superintending tho opera tions. A policeman, too, puts in an ap pearance just in time to stop a fiercely contested fight. This is a gieat scene, and rightly fetched the children's heartiest ap plause. Shortly after this coines tho grand transformation scene — Love's Es treat, or the Temple of Hymen — when wo say that this is one of Mr. John Brunton's best efforts we ft el we cannot say any more. Any further description would bo as superfluous as gilding the lily or per fuming the rose. The harlequinade is iu the hands [of the clover Perinan family, ? whose names are guarantees that the busi ness is lively aud of an up-to-date character. The whole performance redounds greatly to the credit of Mr. George Rignold and his managers. Tho 1 dialogue and songs might be smartened up a bit with more topical allusions, and the [ music might ulso be brightoned up with advantage.' During the week the liouso has been crowded in every part, and the { matinees — given every Wednesday on 1 ( Saturday — are vov popular with the [ youngsters. Mr. T. P. Macdonald witches over the front cf the house with his usual tact and courtesy, and on Friday last was the recipient of many good wishes — it being his natal day. Yesterday afternoon witnessed the largest matinee attendance ever known at Her Majesty's. 