THE DEAN CäSE. THE ARREST OF CRICK, DEAN, AND MACHER. SOME OF THE CIRCUMSTANCES. . BAIL ALLOWED. STATEMENTS BY ACCUSED. [Br TELEGRAPH] V'T '* .; -_ - ??' i t >, i 1 SIDNEY, Monday. \ Fewprople in tho city could be got to believe on Saturday afternoon that Crick, Meagher, and Dean bad been really arrested, though everybody has been saying lately that nothing in con- nection with the case would come as a surprise. Nothing indeed was very certain until the three men were actually charged before a magistrate. The ordinary sittings for th 3 day at the court wera over, so they were taken ¡ before" Mr. Smithers in the magistrates' room and charged with conspiring to pervert the course of justice. Mr. B. H. Levien applied for bail. Mr. Wilshire, of the Cro^n Law Office, opposed the application, point- ing out the serious nature of the charge. Aft?r some consultation, it was decided to consult Mr. Want (Attorney General) as to whether there was absolute objectionto bail. O a return- ing into court, The S. M. announced th it bail would be allowed.- Each of tho three accused would be required to enter into a bond for £1500 and find two securities of £750 ea-h. The bonds were forthcoming, and accused were released. The detectives next app'ied to Mr. Crick for the keys of his office. Mr. Crick instructed a clerk to accompany the detective and give him all the papers in connection with the case. The circumstances of the arrest are briefly told. Detectives M'Lean and Jones proceeded to Crick and Meagher's office shortly after noon. Then this colloquy followed : Mr. Meagher. "Good-day." Datective M'Lean : " We want you. I arrest you on a charge of conspiracy. Where is Crick V Meagher: He's gone to the races. Do you want me at the station ?' . « Yes." ? ?. ' vv " ; ' " Immediately »" "Yes." % "Right" , . And he jumped into a cab. : h On tte way to the Clarence street* station he observed Mr. Levien and hailed him. ' : " Seen Crick ?" "Yes; he's at the oyster shop here," " Exphin to bim, will you, that I'm arrested." Mr. Levien entered the shop and informed Crick. Crick : " What the devil does this meanf He at once proceded to the station to see Meagher. Arriving there, be himself was detained. The warrant haying been read, they were taken to the Central Court On the way Crick said, "Jack Want is trying to get me put away. A nice boiled fish! But hell find he's turned me into a shark before it's all over." At another time he said-"I never took part in the Dian ca e. Now TU make a revelation, though, that will make tbote in high positions sit up." Afterwards he said - " The arrest is a gro3S political job, backed up by personal spleen ; for they a*e all annoyed at the manner in which .the proceedings hive been conducted. When they arrested me I was on my way to Canterbury to back Sadur for the Flying. He's a dead bird! Look here, I'd the money in my pocket. Dean--I never saw De a but four times in my life fer certain. The Crown: must before proceeding* like these are taken prove Dean's guilt, and I'm satisfied they can- not do that. I shall move the adjournment of the Assembly on Tues- day night. Want thinks bj taking these desperate proseedings to shut my mouth. He is mistaken though. Ob, yes; I'm satisfied Want, without con- sulting the Cabinet, initiated these proceedings." ' Mr. Meagher remarked that tbis denouement of the case will lead to some revelations ; th J public will know, he says, what actuated the prosecution. He abo will make a statement in the Assembly to-morro #. Dean was arrested on the ferry steamer Wallaby, and was from'thero taken to the Central Qourt, dressed in his captain's uniform. All he says ia-" I hope the mat* er will be' finally threshed put now. On the advice of my counsel, I will say nothing more. I am a sealed oyster." Yesternight tbero was a rumor in the city that Dean had blown out his brains. It was unfounded. Yesterday Dean's steamer was crowded ; and in the Vicinity bf the jetty there were thousands of country folks come to the city for today's Eight Hour Demonstration, bub more anxious apparently to get a glance at Dean. v ; The reporters last evening sought to interview Mr. Smith, a chemist at North Shore, from whom it was thought some interesting information could be got They were, however, informed that Mr Smith was absent. His wife had become anxious about him, and bad visited the police station late on Saturday night. She had been informed there that her husband was all right. It is understood from this that the police have secreted Smith somewhere. A reporter mentioned to Mrs. Smith-" Ob, it's rumored tba1, your husband has made a confession that he's admitted having sold the poison to Dean." Mrs. Smith (em- phatically) : " That's fabe. I'm certain he never did." Numerous letters and cards have been received by Sir Julian Salomons, thanking him for the services he has rendered. ; Sir Julian says that, owing to pressing duties, he has been unable to mora than glan« at/them; but he has put them aside, carefully, and. will afterward! read and acknowledge them. The heading of one communication, how» -? ever, attracted Sir Julian's attention. He drew it back, and read it carefully. It was from a stranger, and was to the effect thai) some months ajo he had had a conversation with a certain person, but had at the time attached no importance to it. After reading the statement made by Sir Julian, how-, " ever, he had concluded that it was h's duty to consult a solicitjr. This he did, and had been advised to write all he knew, so that it might be put before Sir Julian. This advice had been fol- ^ lowed.« Sir Julian had communicated the: contents to the p lice, and the police, thus provided with a clue, set ' to work with renewed eneigy, and never rested till the arrests wera made. NGt having seen either the writer or «0 his solicitor, he did not think it fair to give their names to the police ; nor is it, ho thinks, necessary. that jie 1 should. From what can be gathered' it appears that the North Shore chemist, Smith, voluntarily informed Mr. Want that he had given arEenic to Dean j he (Smith) added that he desired to make a clean breast of it. Mr. Want com- municated with Mr. Foshery (In- spector- General of Police) and Mr. Delohery, S.M., requeeting their immediate attendance at bis office. On their arrival Smith made a statutory declaration confeesing his participation in the affair. The confession covers between 20 and 30 folios of foolscap, and enters into the ; minutest details of the transaction on a certain date. He. mentions that he did not sell bot gave a quantity of arsenic to Dean, believing that it waa for the purpose of exterminating vermiD. Dean was unprovided with a - witness, and therefore be did not make . any entry in his books. Smith only confesses to haying given arsenic ; he denies that Dean ever procured strych- nine from him. Although it is understood that ;'. Crick and Meagher are not mentioned in the declaration, it ia said that the ; statement to some extent implicates , them. =^ It is generally believed that this was not made a Cabinet matter. Mr. Hugh Taylor, the veteran of Parra- v y; matta, tells a story which goes to establish this theory. Mr. Reid waa visiting Parramatta on Saturday af ter noon, aiid met Mr. Taylor. Slid the latter : " How are things getting on now Î" Mr. Reid (quietly) : " How 1K "About the Dean easel" "Oh, that's all over." "Ali over! How about) the arresb of Dean and Crick and Meagher f To quote Mr. Taylor, " R?id turned a9 white as a ghost. He went to the telegraph office and then took the first train to the city." But "by the time he got there Mr. Want had gone to Broken Bay on a fishing ? ' expedition. . 'tr* Notwithstanding the revelations, Dean's North Shore committee still declares that it is confident of his innocence. A rnmor is carrent ia the city to day that four or five more arrests will shortly he made. Mr. Smith, the chemist, bas been worried a good deal for some time. He had constant visits from the police, who were Untiring in .their efforts to find oat everything; and pressmen in shoals interviewed him with the object of gaining information. He was ap- proached by all sorts of people who had interested themselves in the case . '_j¿ and who desired to know if he knew anything. Then there wereinqnieitive customers and the publio generally who all seemed to delight in mentioning the matter on every conceivable occa- sion. At laBt Smith resolved to make a clean bri ast of it. At first he con- . suited Mr. Want and made a verbal . v¿ communication; afterwards he'made : the declaration. With a view to proving tho, "con- spiring together," the Crown will en- deavor to show that Crick and Meagher became a ware that Smith supplied the - poison to Dean; The Crown law ' officers think that a great point in their caBe will be this ; that after Dean had been convicted and was in gaol, t. the attorneys, knowing him to be guilty, took the ext aordinary course of persisting in an agitation for his release, and ultimately succeeded. On . the other hand, presuming th it their - knowledge of Dean's guilt canbeproved, consideration will have to be given to the question how far a solicitor is entitled to consider a communication < coming from a client as confidential. The case will certainly bristle with legal technicalities, and will be full of sensational revelations. There is no doubt at all about Smith (the chemist) having been thoroughly ~* " pumped." One S M. Herald re- porter in particular has interviewed Smith pre.ty wall every day for a . fortnight past. Smith said recently that he knew MM; Dean, and had seen her at the shop two or three times ; .' but that he did not know Dean, and ¿s¿» had only seen him at the trial. 