^'IMPORT®, By J. O. B. In colonial history Sydney witnessed an un precedented event last week. The Water Police Court was opened on Sunday, and four seamen fined. The men belonged to the French ship ..... TanaiSj which was leaving that afternoon, and so a police magistrate was found who was not too strait-laced to perform a necessary office on the first day of the week. It was but a trifling sign of the trend of tbe times ; but, all the same, it was a true one. Even now there are English speaking lands where such an event would be condemned vigorously by pulpit and press. There are two purely British institutions which it is hopeless to get Continentals to understand — the Sabbath and the Salvationists. The former irri tates them— the latter bewilders. W We W 9 Perhaps the most thought-suggesting thing in ~ connection withthe elections was Hie flamboyant \- notices on the walls of the Devonshire-street churchyard — rousing appeals to be up and doing, if the country was to be saved. At first it ap peared as if a mistake had been made— as if tne bills had been pasted on the wrong side of the fence. How could t^e people inside see through a stout brick wall, besides reading a highly coloured placard the wrong way? Then it ? occurred to you that even a blind ghost really desirous of recording his vote would nave had no E difficulty in telling that a general election was in process, if only by the din in the vicinity of thin usually quiet neighbourhood. This fierce slang . whanging on one side of a wall, and this dead — silence on the other, were suggestive enough for a ty Spectator paper, if another Addison would but arise to write it. i ? * . * * * ^ The Premier speaks: — 'It is a reproach upon the leaders of this country that their laws are .... what they are.' This iB one of the penalties we pay for our isolation. Australia has no near ~ neighbours whose public opinion can influence her in any way. Europe and America are too far x away ; Asia and Africa too backward of them selves to exert any influence for good. After all, nations are like individuals — they lose more than they gain by being far apart. So that this Pacific \- position of ours, which some amongst us value so highly because of its keeping us outside the zone of old-world turmoil, is not without its drawbacks. It is extraordinary how the doings of one land will change or modify those of a neighbour, even when that neighbour is by no means a sympathetic one. The French people, although the whole North Atlantic separated them from America, were profoundly affected by tbe .7 events sandwiched between Lexington and York / Town. Toe British and, indeed, all Europe by f. those occurring in Paris during the early nineties. Certainly, it is not always nice to have indifferent __ ' neighbours. But occasionally — if only for the chance of telling them what you think of them —it is better than to have none at all. * * * * Last week a was tried for his life in Mel bourne and acquitted. The plaintiff was a girl of 16\. Mr. Justice Hood, in.Bumming up, observed that, before entering the box, the plaintiff seemed decent and respectable. But, when there, she gave a description of herself which 'he had never heard paralleled.' This die did under cross-examination, and the Judge naturally dwelt _ on the value of such a process in eliciting tbe ' troth. . No one doubts its cardinal virtue ; the j miRfthipf is that it is so frequently allowed to pass ' all legitimate bounds. At the same time All per sons in stepping into a witness-box should be regarded with a certain hardness of belief, if not of suspicion — especially the young. In fact, this would be about a fair table of the degrees of scepticism that should be employed : — With old witnesses — positive suspicion. With middle-age witnesses —comparative suspi cion. With young witnesses — superlative suspicion. With very young witnesses — suspect everything. With child witnesses— believe nothing. It is really 'remarkable the capacity for story telling that an -imaginative child possesses. Their minds are so open to suggestion that it is extremely dangerous to accept their statements concerning matters of fact. This was well brought out by a French specialist a few years ago. His book has now appeared in most European tongues, and it has been a revelation to many — especially to those who were prone to believe where they should have'doubted. The question arises : What's to be done with this Melbourne young lady whose story an experienced Judge ' had never heard paralleled P' In the criminal codes of all the colonies there is much to be done in the direction of making it a trifle warm for persons old or young who break down in cross-examination. * * ? * * A writer in the press suggests that, during cer- j tain days, special services shonld be provided for the theatrical profession by some of the Sydney Churches. It appears that in London a clergyman devotes himself exclusively to this department and is the trusted adviser of many. Besides the j spiritual comfort which he brings to the various green-rooms, he is an authority on theatrical j affairs as well, and readily places his knowledge at I the disposal of those who desire it. In the whole metropolis there is said to be no person better qualified to establish canons of seemliness — to say how short a dress most be before be coming too risque — how high a kick before reach ing the domain of recklessness. But he, seemingly, goes round the various theatres and gives his counsels on the spot. The Sydney proposal, it will be seen, is different. It is simply to have a prayer meeting in one of the churches with a short homily, much as the business men had some time ago. It is doubtful if the plan would succeed. There are, of course, many actors in Sydney, and some who, like most of us, would be none the worse for listening to an occasional sermon. But the inconveniences of overcrowding by the floating public when certain troupes * attended worship in a body would certainly arise. A gain j amongst the players themselves, mis understandings, culminating in unseemly jealou sies, would soon come to the front. The leading people would reasonably desire to secure good places ; but from what is known of the idiosyncrasy of the negro minstrel and general utility cro~ ;|f they'd strongly object to remain in the back edits. As for tbe circus people and the merry-go-round men, nothing but front pews and foot- warmers would satisfy them. No — the proposal is prema ture. ~ . * * * * Says a writer in the North American Review (April) 'The history of popular Governments shows that their two great adversaries have ever been the army and the mob, which have so often j driven them out either singly or in combination.' j To these it would appear as if a third would soon ! have to be added— Upper Houses. It is not so much representative government as the bicameral system that is on its trial. The history of that system is a curiosity in itself, lowing as it does how human institutions sometimes develop in a direction no one could have foreseen. The prin ciple arose in England — it is hard to say exactly how — was transplanted to America — it is hard to say precisely why — was generally commended and ultimately adopted by the French — it is difficult to say wherefore — and thence spread to all the European countries, Russia and Turkey excepted. To all but three— Greece, Servia, and Bulgaria, where the one-chamber system has been set up. The latter trio of nations, however, are of such little importance that their exception merely proves the general rule that, for some reason, the two-house System must have had something in it to recommend it to constitu tion-makers. But a great British party is now vociferously asserting that all the best of the argument lay with the Abbe Sifcyes when he said ' If a second Chamber dissents from the first, it ismiBchievous ; if it agrees, it is super fluous.' Whatever the ultimate upshot may be in either Britain or her colonies, the only safe prognosis for the present is that, although the bicameral type may be preserved, the people on top — whether hereditary, representative, or nomi nated — will have to back down. All the better if they do it with a good grace. * * * * His Highness ^he Shahzada — who, if he can but keep his head, will one day be ruler of as choice an assemblage of thugs as Asia can pro duce, which is saying much — has been exonerated from the charge of keeping a couple of royal princes waiting 40 minutes for him in London. He was to have dined at the India Office on the Queen's birthday, and was almost three- quarters of an hour late ; while the Prince of Wales, the Duke of Connaught, and scores of society's nota bles were standing round in comers and lobbies getting through that terrible time when the soup is behind asd the system empty. Had the father not been,' running ,v~a-bnffer State it is possible that the son would have to gu sjithout dinner on our Sovereign's anniversary. Tefc^the young prince was not so much to blame. Hh'd have been in good time but for meeting a puncfr-and - j udy representation in the street. It is whispered that the stage-manager of this perennially-attractive Siece was a one-armed soldier who'd lost his limb, uring Roberts's famous march, and had taken to the boards so's to make his daily shilling go as far as possible. He knew the favour in which the legitimate drama was - held by the Afghan royal family, and naturally seized the opportunity for turning an honest PBUny. When M. Punch murdered his wife, the Prince smiled and thought himself at home. But it was when the old reprobate strangled the hang man that not even ceremonious Mahommedanism could suppress the rising laughter. Depend upon it when tne Ameer asks his child, on tne latter's return, what was the best thing he saw in London that episode of his journey to the India Office on her Majesty's birthday will not be forgotten. The Freemasons, who have recently installed Sir Joseph Abbott, late Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, as their Pro- Grand Master of New South Wales, are making great exertions to ensure a spectacle worthy of his approval at their forthcoming ball on Wednesday next. Arches of steel, mystic marches, and prooessions of the brethren in regalia will be the introductory features of the ball. 