The'Ghost of Hollerton Grange. '-4-C-- Or: the outskirts oI 1soiiecon, a largo northern town of some importance as a manu facturing centre, there stood a few years ago a house of considerable oize, which was commonly said to be haunted. The lest tenant and owner was Squire Dudley, to whom also belonged many broad acresin the district. At the ago of 40 ho married a girl of 17. Incompatibility of temper, it is said, led to frequent misunder standings and quarrelling ; and angry voices, and sometimes screams, were heard proceed ing from the dwelling. Two tons were born to the couple. The elder soon after attain ing his majority, went abroad to seek his fortune. Disagreements with his father and an inclination for a roaming lifo led to his decision. The younger turned cut a good - for - nothing scapogrees. Having made serious inroads into his father's resources, and having rendered himself liable to penal servitude by embezzlement and forgery, he fled the noighbourhood and country. Then cvecrythingin the household went swiftly to rack and ruin; and one winter, about Christmas time,.Squire Dudley and his wife mysteriously disappeared. After a brief interval, the creditors took possession, stripped the honse of its contents, leaving only a little lumber; and from that day to the time of which I write, rats, spiders, and the reputed ghost were its only occupants. According to common report, no human foot had croseed its threshold for at least 10years. The gossip of. the neighbourhood teemed with accounts of the awful sounds that had been heardissuiog from the building. Groans, shrieks, and piteous wails, unlike any that had ever come from human lips, broke upon ths midnight darkness. The bell, that seemed to sob and moan, had seared many a traveller into rapid flight. Such was the story narrated to a little con vivial party, in which I was included, seated around the smoking- room fire of the Crown Hotel, Hollerton, on December 23, 18-. The party consisted of two London commer cie!s, both of them friends of mine; a rich grocer, who related the story; the leading draper of the town, and myself-Tom Smith. The grocer thoroughly believed in the 'special manifestations,' as he tormed the doings of the ghost. The other men were slightly sceptical; as for myself, I utterly and emphatically pool-poohed everything attributed to the ghost. ' Well,' said the grocer, with warmth, 'Ah wouldna' spend a nceght in that hawsome place for a thusand pun !' He had been decidedly nettled at the ridi cule I had thrown on the absurd alarm of the peopls, and now leaned forward in my direc tion and, with his hands firmly grussping his knees, said, 'Noo, Haister Smith, and what you got to say What's your figure, coom no0 P' 'I am prepared,' I answered, much to the grocer's consternation, ' to spend to-marrow night-Christmas eve--in the house alone, on condition that you and the other gentlemen will guarantee that the sum ot it00 be paid to me on Christmas Day.' I? is needless to detail the discussion that ensued. At last a document was drawn up anti signed by all present to the effeot that I wes to receive the sum named on carrying out my part of the agreement. I bargained for a chair-bedstead, bedding, and blankets, a porcel of sandwiches, and a flask of whisky. I arranged the bedstead in a corner of my chamber, and, with the aid of the piece of skirting-board and two heaps of plaster, made a rough stand on which to place the candlestick. I wetted my lips with the contents of the flask, made myself comfortable on the bed, and took from my pocket the b:st tonic I know of for low spirite--" Piekwick." After two or three hcurs' reading I felt drowsy, ate a. sandwich, resorted to the flask, and went off into a troubled slumber. I awoke in a fright. A sno-ning and wailing greeted my ears. It came during a lull in the wind, and sent a tremor through my blood. A- stray rat seudded across the floor and disappeared down some convenient hole. I hoped devoutly he was not" a scout sent out from headquarters to reconnoitre." Like a timid schoolgirl, I pulled the blankets over my head and tried to woo repose. The wind inereased to a fitful gals. It came in sudden terr.fio blasts, lashing the back of the house, shaking the foundations, hissing and groaning through gaping holes and a thousand crevices. Once or twice the house seemed to rock, and plaster fell to the floor with a dull thud. I began to fear that the whole crazy fabric would collapse and I would be buried in the ruins. Yet I felt I dare not leave that room, even to save my life ? I looked at my watch. It was nearly 11. Just as I took up my 'Piokwick' again the bell rang out throe sonorous dismal strokes. Each stroke seemed a groan of anguish. Was this my dcathknelll? Was something awful about to happen to me? Again that weird, muffled, unearthly wailing! Was there actualy some lost, wandering spirit, escaped from purgatory in habiting the house? I listened for many minutes; and then, above the howling wind, a sound reverberated through the houses which I shall never forget. It was like the piteous expiring cry of some poor soul in direst agony. It was no blast of the wind, nor knell from the bell above, nor gibberings and mutterings of ghosts and goblins. It was human i My blood ran cold; my teeth shattered; I trembled frosn head to foot. A pressntiment of an approaching encounter with a creature of an appalling aspect unnerved me. It was now 2 o'clock. Six hours more of this horrible suspense l There wes a noise of footateps overhead, followed by an outcry, like a dog baying at the moon. The wind, at intervals, still lashed against the house; and at every gunt I thohghtumy end had come. I lay down and wrapped myself in the blankets, hoping to dispel the shivearing eon sation that ran through me. A prolonged wail and loud sobs i I must mako an effort to search the house, and find from whom these noises came. MIeroiful powersJ I could not move. I was losing the use of my limbs i I fell into a semi-unconscious state. It was not sleep, it was more like a fearful nightmare without sleap. All strength forsooh me. I felt utterly powerless, paralysed in every limb. The sense of hearing vanished. My eyes were closed against my will; I could not open them. All that I was conecious of was asensation of the utmost terror. I thought I was dying, or passing into another stats, or another world. Presently I felt something touching my neck, like cold, icy fingers, or cold steel. Thon,. before my closed eyes there sesmed to stand a glowing light. I tried to speak; but my tongue clave to my mouth. Again those icy fingers at my neck! My coat and linen about my neck were being unfastened i I suddenly emerged from my torpid condition, sawthe candle falling to the floor, and the figure of a gaunt, withering creature leaving the room. The figure was clothed, as it seemed, in a tattered grey garment, and over her shoulders long white hair streamed. It was but a momentary glance I had, for the candle was extinguished as it touched the floor. I sprang to my feet. The bell again rang thrice. Then all was silent, save for the fitful wind. I groped about for the matches, bat ceold not find them. I raisod my hand to my nook, expecting to fool trickling blood; but there were-no signs of any wound. At thst moment I heard a low plaintive voice on the landing-' That wound, that soar, it is there i' I folt again at my neck, but with the same result as before. I gronped about frantically for the matches, but in vain. After a few minutes the voice spoke a second time on the landing or on the stairs. It muttered two words, repeated thrice at at intetvals:-Tho Resurreotion! The Re sur.eotion i The Resurreotion !' The words rose and fell with a mournful cadence, mingled wish terror and helpless noae, and gradually died away as the speaker withdrew to a distisncs. I stepped softly on to the landing. It was in pitch darkncss. I dared not move either to the upper or lower rooms without a light to guide me. I returneod to the chamber, sat on the sido of the bod, and listened for further sounds. ourely, I thought, I was strong enough to aope with the apparition, however murderous its intentions might be. Why should I sue comb to cowardice? I heard the hoards creak in the room above me, then low muttcrings, as if coming from two or three voices-- next, a steady footstep pacing to and fro, ceasing for a moment, and renewed on the stairs, nearer and nearer the footstep advanced. Horror ! that torpid sensation was stealthily creeping over me again, which I felt powerless to resist ! Thsere was the glimmer of a light through the half-open door, the footsteps stopped, a loud though tremu lous voice pealed and echoed through the house: 'Richard, Richard, Richard Dud ley .' The voice recalled my ebbing senses A thousand thoughts surged in my brain. Was I really a human being, or had I passed into a transition state, bordering on the world of spirits ? Again that voice: 'Richard, Richard Dudley !' I started to my feet, and made my way to the landing; end there, at the foot of the stairs, stood the woman clad in grey, a candle heldaloft in one hand and a framed portrait of a youth in the other. I gezed in speech loes, awe-struck amazement, for I beheld in that ashen withered face-amy own mother l I was, indeed, Richard Dudloy, the older son of the squire. The meeting was, indeed, like a resurrcc tion to both of us. I prefer to draw a veil over much that paseed between us from the moment of recognition to the time my friends returned. Mly mother led the way to a small attic chamber, lighted by a window in the roof. Out of the boxes and other lumber, left behind by the creditors, she had con trivcd to form a table and a rough bedstead. And hero, secreted from the world, she had lived in solitude, as I afterwards learned, for seven or eight years. It was many days before I could obtain a coherent ourline of her sad history. Sue had gone to the south with my father-both of them broken down in health and fortune. When every avenue for finding a means of livelihood seemed shut out, my father destroyed him seli. Then my mother, friendless, distracted with grief, and her mental faculties under mined, conceived a longing to return to the old house and die there. At length, un k'nown to any one, she managed to find her way to the Grange and settled down in that attic chamber. About once a month, on a Saturday night, my mother was in the habit of going, thickly veiled, to Hollerton to procure provisions. lor mode of egress was down . narrow stairease, outside the attic, leading to the stable yard, and which must have boon constructed after my departure from home. Avoiding the main road, and never entering inta conversation with anyone, she had contrive to preserve her place of retreat aprofound secret. To evade observation she had always. :rapared her food during the night (sleeping in the daytime), so that the smoking chimney might not betray her pre sence. The fuel she used was woodwork, broken away from the house itself. EMy mother suffered from aberrations and delusions; and, after nightfall, she usually gave vent to her ieconeolab!o grief at the loss of her husband, children, and worldly goode, in piteous cries and lamentations. When she awoke from her slumbers that Christmas eve, she suspected someone had intruded into the house. After a long search she discovered me in the very room where I was born ! 