BYWONG. OnC has to live a week or two on such a field as this to find out the way things are done. I'll start on the subject of conditional leases. I have it from a gentleman whosoe name is dotted all over the map as the original occupier of much of the land here as conditional purchaser and lessee that he was specially warned in taking up the land that it was liable to resumption for mining. Now the leases are not even conditionally alienated. They are like the old pro-leases, virtually Crown lands. What sort of a game is it for any one to peg out so many acres, apply for prospecting area or lease, and go away and sit down and smoke ? I know of five or six places where I would choose to set in to-morrow, but am debarred because some one or other once filled his pipe and spat on it. And there are many others like ome, waiting for the ghost of a show. In most eases the holders are pluralists as regards claims and attempting to float, i.e., they have secured the right to mine, or to say they are going to mine, and the last thing they are thinking of is mining. To-day I have been shown 10 and 15 acres adjoining one another, with fair prospects, and at the same time I perceive a miner making from 1 to 2 pennyweights (3s 6d to is) a week a mile off. He could get a mate and have a crushing ready before Christmnas, but the land is held for imported capital. I also soo in a local paper that suspension of the labour conditions has beeoon granted on one claim " for the arrival of English capital." Vhat is to prevent the same prospectors from simply taking up the whole gold country and holding it ? And I find that the worst sweaters are those who are loudest for reform. At Wyalong they would have been hooted off the field. The Water and Sewerage Department have had an officer here to report on the ewater supply, or rather want of water, at Byswong, alleged township. Let me tell you how this same township is situated. It is a small but much more inaccessible edition of Wyalong. If you have a map, look up reserve 22317 ; it is about G0 acres and on the top of a hill. Lowe's claim of 4 acres, Brewer's 6 men's ground, East's 4 men's, Erinshawe's, etc., are already occu pied as claims, and any one who reads the papers, will know the rows that occur when such is thocasoe, teste Temora, Barmedman, Wyalong, and I believe eveon Parkes. The only justification for the formation of a town ship is that the reserve is supposed to be Crown lands, which I have shown you it isn't. The post-oflico even is not on it. And hero comes ih what would be sense. There is suitable land near the post-offico, with permanent water and ex ceptionally good sites for dams, an amphitheatre for recreation, and resumable at a price. But there is a corresponding disadvantage, not to the public but to the wirepullers. The stores are already built at the quasi- township. How the eshool-peoplo (board or minister or pooh-babs) allowed the new school-house to be erected on de batable ground I do not know. I also am not in the electric current of the wires. Itis said that a well is to be recommended for construction near East's claim. This is only hearsay, but it has a semblance of truth. In conclusion I send you two extracts from a daily and a weeoly Sydney paper, each of them authorities on morals, manners, and mining. I refer to the D.T. and the Bulletin:-It is only when the multitude make sonme such demand as that private hlnds should be made available for mining under certain conlitions, or contend that royalties on minerals should not be paid to those who don't own theminerals, that the representatives of Conservatism express themselves with undue hoat.--Daily Tele graph. So in all successful mining fields labour more than cash makes the success, and he who toils the hardest and the longest is infinitely more deserving of his win than he whoseo " graft" was represented by a cheque-book.-Bulletin. H.O.S.O.3 