Tiie Peer and tk Ionian, i ? . I r-v———— BOOK I. CHAPTER XI. Giiohtb .« It uiay be bettor. so,' she murmured. I 'Can yon doubt but that God will] .1 punish ?' '! ' That is what you said before, mother,' ! lie answered, ' and I tell you again that God's punishment would be too slow for me. I cannot rest whil9 this thing re ' mains undiscovered.' i She shook her head. .-' Has it never occurred to you that ? this socret may be one which it were best ? the world did not know ?' she said, softly. I In telling mo you are not tolling the world,' ho answered. ' Whatever it is, I am bis son and I have a right to know iti I am his avenger, and I will know it,' 1 She looked at him calmly. Sooner or i later this must be faced. Better now, perhaps, than at any other time. 'Never from me,' she said, in alow firm tone. Ho Ihnlrnil at. hnr astonished. ' Do you mean this, mother V ho ex claimed. ? ' I do.' ' .'.You mean that you will tell, me no.r thing 7 You mean that though what you know might bring hi3 - murderer to justice, you will still keep it to yourself?1 ' I do, Bernard. If at this moment I could see before me your father's mur derer I would let him go in peace. I would not touch him. If he wore alive, I am sure that he would rather that it should bo so.' His lips quivered with disappointment, and a little, too, with anger. His mother's words only irritated him, ^Weak, feminine folly ! What else was it ? A milk-and-water doctrine of for giveness that found no favor in this man's heart. His purpose was not shaken a jot. ? ' Will you tell me what you were doing in his room to-night ?' he asked, f. At least yon ought to do this, aB I found you there,' ' No. I cannot.' ? He turned his back upon her and walked to tho door. She followed him with her eyes now softened and full of bad, wistful light. He was her son, her ' fanly son, and she loved him. Surely he would not leave her thus. ;v ' Bernard,' she cried, ' you are not going away without even wishing me good-night 1' \- He paused with his hand on the door knob; ' * '' 'I wish you good-night, mother,' he ' said, coldly, without turning round ; and he left her. The tears which had so long been de nied to her came at last. She threw herself, upon the bed in a passionate fit ? of ; weeping, and her whole frame was shaken by . tumultuous sobs. When ? ? daylfght'streamed into jjthe room and fell; upon' her haggard; grief-stained fface, she vra§ then1 still, exhausted, sleeping a tro ubled sleep. The early morning sound in the street below awakened her, and she rose and commenced moving restlessly about tho room. Every now and then she stooped and pressed -her hands to her burning forehead. Had everjwomen to bear up against such misery as hers ? she won dered; ' Surely not ! Surely not ? To the agony of her great loss was added now. an overwhelming hideous dread. SloSvly. but with a ghastly distinctness, tho last night's scene in tho death chambor passed before her reeling brain! Ho had discovered her ! He had asked her that question— that one question which sho would never dare to answer. ? Ho had left her in auger, in anger none the less terriblo because it was so cola, sq self-contained. He suspected her perhaps— of what, she dared not think. Was it not for his sake as well as hers tliat sho wa3 fighting this battle ?. Aud sho could, not show him why ! She could not show hiiii whj it were better thousand time better— to let his ' father's murder go unavenged — to, /let' the whole terrible tragedy sink into the still watcs of oblivion ! She had lost her husband, and now she was to lose hor son ! What had she done, or left undone — wherein had she sinned, that Fate should deal with her so cruelly ? ... The morning stole on and the distant sounds of the awakening household reached her ears. For the first time she realised that night had come and gone and as yet her bed had been unslopt in. Soon her maid would bo coming with hor tea and would notice it — would talk and gossip about it below— tho one thing which it was most necessary, to. avoid. Wearily she stood up, disrobed herself, and crept within the Bhcets. Sho had no hope of sleep, nor did it come to hor. How was it possible with so sore a '.oart and burning a brain as hers ? When Marie, her ladyship's French maid, softly entered tho room about half an hour later and brought the dainty tea equipage to the side of tho bed, sho was shocked beyond measuro to see the feverish light in her mistress's wide-open eyo3 and tbe terriblo ravages which a single night hod made in her faco, With her little hands stretched out, and her shoulders almost on a level with her cars, bIio was not slow to express her consternation, 'Ah ! but yonr ladyship is ill,' she oxclaimed, volubly. ' 'J'res walade. Miladi has had no sleep ! Ah ! quel dommage, guel dommage ! ' she added, in a tone of deep commiseration, Lady Hnrrowdean took her tea and mado no reply. ' Not that any of us havo had much ?Bleep,' M:uie continued iu a hushed whisper, with a half fearful, altogether mysterious gin nee around.. ' Moi mane — ias for myself, my eyes have been not ?onco closed. It was not possible. Did your ladyship hear anything — anything strange in the night ? ' Lady Aleeston set her cup down and shook her head. Her hand was tremb ling so much that she couid hold it no longer. 'No, I heard — no sound. Nothing.' ' There were some strange, oh, such strange noises,' Marie continued in an awed tone, and with appropriate gestures. ' Several of us heard them. Myself, I was so frightened that I did draw the bedclothes close around ray ears aud did very nearly shriek. Ah, but it was horrible ! ' and sho wound up with an effective little shiver, as though the memory of her fright were still oppressing | her. tier ladyship turned her face upon her pillow and closed her eyes. ( i liA nnxfnino ^Aiind fllft Marie,' sho directed. 'I shall try to sleep for an hour or two.' ' It wonld be well for maladi,' Mario murmured, as she obeyed. The bed was a French one, and Lady Aleeston was now invisible — out of sight of the tell tale rays of sunlight and the black quea tioning eyes of her maid. ' One moment, Murie,' sho said, as her maid was gliding softly from her room. ' What sort of noises wero those you heard and in what part of the house ? I hope no thieves have been about.' Marie paused and advanced again tnTOnrd tha hedside. fflad to have an on portunity of resuming the subject. ' Footsteps and muffled voices, your ladyship,' she said impressively, ' and in the long corridor too, near — near— the room where his lordship is. Thomas has searched in every place, ce matin, but there are no signs of any one having entered tho house, and nothing is miss ing. We all thought that your ladyship must have heard thorn too, and we dreaded every moment that we should hear your ladyship's bell,' . There was no sound from the bed for a few moments. Then her ladyship answered in a slow, deliberate tone : ' Foolish girls I you imagined it all. I was awake all night, and I heard no noises of any sort. There could have been nothing to cause them.' Marie was perfectly unconvinced, but dared express her dissent in no other was than by a shrug of her shapely shoulders and a most suggestive silence. Her ladyship, who was watching her through a chink in the curtains, frowned. ' If I hear anything more of this, Marie,' she said quietly, ' you or any one else who mentions it will leave my service at once. Do you understand 1 ' (To be Continued .) b For Gravel and Kidney complaints use Colemane and Sons's Eucalypte Extract. If you cannot obtain ' Myfa Tea ' in your district, write to D. Mitchell and Co. Clarence-street, Sydney, who will arrange for a supply at once through the local storekeeper.* 