THE AUSTRALIAN MIS TLETOE TEEE. VALUABLE INFORMATION FOR OROHARDISTS. (BY A CORRESPONDENT.) This article may bo read as a scientific greeting. ' It is peculiarly suitable to the present time, as at this particular season of tho year the. mistletoe is more in evi- dence throughout tho world, except per haps the "Holly" In England and tho "Christmas Bush" in Australia, than any other item in . the whole vegetable king dom. In and around Sydney, the street hawkers, I am sorry to write it, of mistletoe act very meanly in selling boughs of ono of our native plants, commonly known as the "Big Geebung," or "Hell Fire" tree as genuine mistletoe. Before dealing with tho subject on scien tific lines, or from a commercial point of view, a few words with reference to these interesting parasitical growths will, I have no doubt, be read with Interest. Ages ago the mistletoe was looked upon with great favor, and held sacred by the Druids, because they had an extraordinary reverence for the number three, by reason of the blossom and berries growing in clusters of three united on one stalk. When the end of the year approached, the Druids marched with great solemnity to gather the mistletoe of the oak in order to present it to Jupiter (Taranis). In the northern mythology, Balder is said to have been slain with a spear of mistletoe, and in Holstein it is the Maren- taken, or. "Branch of Spectres," which con fers upon its possessor the power to see ghosts. According to an old tradition tho mistletoe supplied the wood for tho Cross, which until the time of the Crucifixion had been a forest tree, but. was henceforth con demned to exist only as . a mere parasite. Traces of tlfo ancient regard for the mis tletoe still remain with us in the old Christ mas custom of kissing under the mjstlotoe bough. In Swoden a ring of the mistletoe wood is considered to be an antidote' against sickness, and in France amulets made of the wood were formerly much worn. Fur ther search into the literature with refer ence to this subject reveals that in times gone by a medicine was made from the berries and leaves as a cure for sterility and as a remedy for poisons. , A species of mistletoe tree, growing abun dantly in the valley of the Dead. Sea, has beautiful scarlet flowers, that give to the tree upon which they grow the appearance of being on fire, when viewed at a dis tance. The name "Mistletoe" comes, from the word "Misteltau," from "mistle," bird lime, and "tau," a twig (Sax.). Much more might be written of interest, but space Will not admit. It will be in the recollection of those who read the paragraph which ap peared In , "The, Daily Telegraph" of: April 2 last that a certain Loranth (mistletoe), scientifically known as "Notothixos iscan- us,",was found by the writer, parasitical: upon another of its own kind. That is to say, one parasite plant or tree preying or co existing on another of its own kind. Little or nothing was then known of the subject, and the "N. incanus" was thought to be rare. Since then the writer has come across no loss than 363 specimens, all of which were growing under exactly similar circumstances to the one first found. This also proves that the tree is by no means a rare one. The following illustration depicts one of the most common of our mistletoe trees, growing on to a branch of one of our Aus tralian gum trees. The parasitical viscum, or mistletoe (N. incanus) will be seen on the upper loft hand corner of tho drawing. The two birds and nest form an interesting part of the subject in connection with this article, as these charming birds, known as the "Mistletoe Bird" (DIcaeum hiruudir.a- ceum), are tho actual, accidental sowers of the seeds of our mistletoe trees, as ex plained in the article in April last. The foliage has to a great extent been out 'away, so as to make the different fea tures of the subject moro plainly to be seen. The excrescence-like part of the tree is that portion where the union exists of both eucalyptus and loranths. It is really a vegetable fight in nature, the preying mistletoe, holding on with bull dog tenacity, defying the powers put forth by an enormous expansion of the wood of its victim round about where the mistletoe fastens on. The tiny seed of the mistletoe, lodging on the bark of the limb, germinates ; then growing into the wood of tho branch, be comes in time a fixed tree, having its union with its giant of a victim so secure as to defy all effortB to dislodge or kill. In many instances these pigmy parasiti- cal trees destroy the tree on which they fasten, and not only bring about the death of ' their host, but their own as well, a de sign undoubtedly for some good end in the undisturbed kingdom of nature. The above sketch shows the union of tho two .woods, being a section sawn from out of tho contro of the excrcsconce-llko por tion of the tree in the flrst illustration, A being the' wood of the mistletoe and B that of the eucalyptus. Spaco will not admit of touching upon the subjects in connection with tho beauty of the wood of tho mistletoe tree; the extra ordinary manner in which these trees, hav ing no roots, eat away the wood and draw the life blood from out of the tree on to which it fastens, the curious form in which somo species prey or fasten on to trees, etc. It is a curious fact that wo have in the wood of the mistletoe tree a timber that never grows on tho earth! Coming to the practical part of the sub ject in connection with tlieso trees, It has often boon a matter of wonder to the writer how little is known of these parasitical plants or trees by orchardists. Some years ago, wliilo visiting as well kept au orchard as is to bo found anywhere, the proprietor, with evident pride, called my attention to the clean state of his orchard. Not a weed was to bo seen. My friend was rather startled on my remarking, "Clean enough down below, but plenty of weeds up abovo ground." Ho looked at me in amazement, when I pointed out to him the number of parasites here and there on his fruit trees. The owner had never given the slightest attention to these growths, notwithstanding the fact that although easily passed by when the trees were in foliage, they wore conspicuous objects in among tho leafless trees of his orchard all through tho winter on account of the mistle too trees being evergreen. On the authority of a world-wide known book (Lindiey's "Vegetable King dom") It is written, "The wood of tho mis tletoe, when parasitical on the apple tree, is found to contain twice as much potash and five times as much phosphoric acid as the wood of the foster tree!" A proof positive of the terrible damage to tho (roes going on wherever they may be located. I have to thank a young friend, Mr. J. Mayes, jun., au enthusiastic amateur photo grapher, for a series of excellent views, taken from freshly cut down loranths in our hush, from which the flrst illustration has been taken for the greater part. 