THE THIRD VOLUME, By Fbbgcs Hume, Author oE " The Mystery of a Hansom Cab," "The Lone Inn," "The Chinese Jar,"&e.; SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. Chaptkks JL to UJL—Spenser Tait, a man of prim •ropriety, 1b waited upon by a friend, Ciand. Leu Cher, whs li»a juafc recnrnsd from t le Antipodal, and is his oppo -its in every tiling, fiery, restless, and (nil of spirit. Tbey have not met each other for yeirs. Lurcher arranges to go to bis clnb for hi*letters. He ttiers receives two, one from a Margaret Bezel, asking him to call apon her on a •object regarding his parents, and the other from Sir. (T. Hiilis-on, his Hwyer, warning him against the woman, and asking Ior as interview. in t.ie interriaw which follows Mr. Hillutoo tells him that hii fatbe- was mui ered mm; yearR ago, and him mother, who was accused of the crime, was acquittd. He gi«es him a number of papers to road on the subject. CHAPTER IV. WHAT OCCDBBBD AT HOEEI8TON. After that fatal interview Claude went neither to the house ab Kensington More nor to the chambers of his friend Tait. With the papers given to him by Hilliston in hie pocket be repaired to a quint hosel in Jermyn-atrnet, where he was well known, and there secured a bedroom for the night.. A wire speedily '' brought his luggage from the railway station, and thus being settled for the moment, he proceded to aoquaint himself with the tragedy of hisparaate'iivaa. It was some time before he eonld make up hit mind to read the papers, and, dreading the disagreeable relation, he put off the perusal till each time as he retired to bed. A note dispatched to the Club intimated to Tait that that the second seat at the Curtain Theatre ' would be onooeupied, and then Claude tried to rid himself of distraoting thoughts by a rapid walk in the Park. So do men dally with with the inevitable, and vainly attempt to stay the march of Fate. Sinner was a mere farce with the yonng man, for be ooald neither eat nor drink, and afterwards he dawdled about the smoke-room, \- patting off the reading of the papers as long as he could. A superstitious feeling of coming , evil withheld him from immediately learning the truth; and it was not until the olock struck 10 that he summoned up sufficient courage to repair to hia bedroom. , With the papers spread out on a email , table he sat difwn at half-past 10, reading by the light of "a single oandle. A second and a third were needed before he arose from his chair, and the grey dawn was glimmering through the window blinds as he laid down the last sheet. Then his faoe was as grey as the light spreading over street and house, for he knew that bis father had been foully murdered, and that bis dead mother had been morally if not legally guilty of the crime. The tragedy—a strange mixture of the sordid and the romantic—took place at Horriston, in Kent, in the year 1568, and the following are the main faots, as exhibited by the provincial Press. la the year 1660 George Laroher and his wife came to settle at Horriston, attracted thereto by the romantic beauty of the scenery and the oheerful seoiety of that rising. watering- place. Sinoo that time Horriston, after • feeble straggle for supremacy, has succumbed to powerful rivala, and is onoe more a sleepy / little provincial town, unknown to invalid or dootor. Bat when Mr. and Mrs. Laroher settled there it was a popular resort for visitors from all quarters of the three kingdoms, and ' flie' young couple were extremely liked by the gay society whioh filled the town. For five .years they live there, but during the sixth ooourred the tragedj whieh slew the hosband and placed the wife in the dock. The antecedents of the pair were irreproachable .in every respect. He waa a fairly rich man of thirty-five, who, holding a commission in the army, had met with bis wife—then Miss Barker—at Cheltenham. She was a beautiful girl, fond of dress and gaity, the belle of her native town, and the greatest flirt of the countryside. Handsome George Larcher, in all the bravery ef martial trappings, came like the young prinee of the fairy tale, and carried off the beauty from all rivals. She, knowing bim to be rich, seeing him to be handsome, and aware that he was well connected, ;., accepted his hand, and so they were married, to the great discomfiture of many sighing swains. There waa love on his side at least; \-- haf whether Jnlia Barker returned that pasj- sionin any great degree it is hard to say. The -' provincial reporter hinted that a prior attacht, meat had engaged her heart, and though she -; inanied Larchar for bis money, and looks, and position, yet she only truly loved one man— one Mark Jeangbam, who afterwards , figured in the tragedy at Horriston. ToaUovtwardappearaooeCaptainand Mrs. ' Larchs? ware a pattern couple, and popular with military and civil society. Then, in obedienpe -to the wish of his wife, Geerge , Iiftrcbereold out, and within * few months of . their marriage they came to live at Horriston. Heee they took a house known as "The Laurels," which was perched on a cliff of moderate height, overlooking the River Sarway, and . proceeded to entertain the gay society of the neighbourhood. One son was born to them a year after they took up their abode at "The Laurels, "and he was five years of age when the tragedy took place which caused the death of his parent. Claude had no difficulty in recognising himself as the orphan so pathetically fllnded to by the flowery provincial 1 reporter. The hpnseholdof George Laroher consisted of eir servants,among whom two were particularly interesting. The one was the Captain's valet, . Denis Bantry, an Irish soldier in the same "sediment as his master, who bad been bought out by Laroher when he took leave of military glory. Attaohed to the Captain by many aots of kindness, Denis was absolutely devoted to bim, and was no unimportant personage in the new home. The other Bervant was Mona Bantry, the sisterof Denis, a handsome, brighteyedlass from Conn ty Kerry, whoaotedasmaid to Mrs. Laroher. The remaining servants pall for no special mention, but this Irish oouple •bust be particularly noted as having been mixed np with the traged j. For some months all went well at "The Laurels," and it seemed as though the Lar- Dhers were devoted to one another. But thiB was only oatwardly, for the character of Jnlia developed rapidly after marriage into that of a vain, frivolous'waman, eager of admiration, extravagant as regards dress, and negleotful of the infant son. Larcher, a thoroughly domesticated man, greatly resented the attitude taken by his wife, and the resentment led to frequent quarrels. He was annoyed by Iter frivolity and continuous absence from home, while she began to dislike her grave husband, who _ wonld have made her — as she expressed it—a mere domestic drudge. -tBut the pair managed to hoodwink the world as to their real feelings to one another, and it was. only when the trial of Mrs. Laroher came on that the truth was revealed. In all I£ent there was no mere unhappy home than that at "The Laurels." To make matters worse Mark Jeringham \- paid a visit to Horriston, and having known Mrs. Laroher from ehildhood naturally enongh became a frequent visitor. He was everywhere,*^ the heels of the former belle of Cheltenham, who encouraged himinhis attentions. Larcher remonstrated with hiB wife on her folly, bat she sauoily refused to alter her line of conduct. But for the scandal of the thing Laroher woald have forbidden Jeringham the bouse; and, to mark his disapprobation, gave him the cold Bhoulder on every occasion. Nevertheless, this inconvenient person persisted in thrusting himself between husband and wife, to the anger of the former and the delight of the latter. The introduction of this third element only made matters worse. The hoase was divided into camps, for Mona supported her mistress in her frivolity, and, indeed, teemed herself to have an admiration for handsome Mark Jeringham, who was very generous in money matters. Denis, in whose eyes his master was perfect, hated the interloper as much as Laroher, and loudly protested against the attention of Mona and bis miBtresa. Another friend who supported Laroher was Franois Hilliston, then a gay young lawyer of thirty-five, who often paid a visit to Horriston. He also frequented "The Laurels," but was much disliked by Mrs. Laroher, who greatly resented his loyal friendship for he'r husband. Things were in this position on the 23rd of June, 1666. when events occurred which resulted in the murder of Captain Laroher, the disappearance of Jeriqgham, and the arrest of Mrs. Larcher on a charge of ' murder. A masked ball in fancy dress was to be given at the Town Hall on that night, and hither Mrs. Laroher wasgoingas Mary Queenof Scots, accompanied by Jtrineham in the character of Darnley. George Larcher refused to be present, and went ap to London on the night in question, leaving his faithful friend Hilliston to look after his matrimonial interests at the ball. Before he left a terrible scene took plaoe between bimBelf and his wife, in which be forbade her to go to the dance, but she defied him. and said she would go without hia permission. Whereupon Larcher left the house, and went up to Lo>idon, sweating that he would never return until his wife asked his pardon, and renounced the friendship of Jeringham. Now here began the mystery which no one was able to fathom. Mrs. Laroher went to the ball with Jeringham, and having, as she said to Hilliston, who was also at the ball, enjoyed herself greatly, returned home at 3 in tne morning. The next day she was ill in bed, although she had lbft the Town Hall in perfect health, and Mark Jeringham had disappeared. Lariher was not seen in the neighbourhood for five days, and presumably was still in London, so during his absence Mrs. Laroher kept her bed. Then hiB body, considerably disfigured, was found at the m suth of the River Sarway, some four miles down. Oarioua to state it was clothed in a fancy dresB similar to that worn by Jeringham on the night of the balL On the discovery of the body publio curiosity was greatly exoited, and a thousand rumours flew from mouth to mouth. That a crime had -been committed no one donbted for a moment, *• an examination proved that George Laroher had been stabbed to the heart by some slender, sharp instrument. The matter passed into the hands of the police, and tbey paid a visit to " The Laurels" for the purpose of seeing what light Mrs. Larcher could throw on the matter. At this awful period of her frivolons life Francis Hilliston stood her friend, and it was he who interviewed the officers of the law when they oalled. Mrs. Larcher was still in b9d, and, under the doctor's orders, refused to rise therefrom, or to receive her visitors. She protested to HilliBton, who in his turn reported her sayings to the police that she knew nothing about the matter. She had not seen her husband sinoe he left her on the twenty-third of Jane, and no one was more astonished or horror-struck than she at the news of his death. According to her story, she had left the ball at 3 o'clock, and had driven to "TheLaurels" with Jeringham. He had parted from her at the door of the house, and had walked back to Horriston. His reason for not entering and for not using the oarriage to return was that he did not wish to give oolour to the scandal as to the relations which existed between them, which Mrs. Larcher vowed and protested were purely platonic. Furthermore, she asserted that her illness was caused by a discovery which ehe had made on the night of tlin bull, that Mona Bantry was about to become a mother, and to all appearance she believed that the father of the coming obild was none other than her husband. Far from thinking that he had been murdered, she bad been waiting for bis return in order to upbraid bim for his profligacy and to demand a divorce. Mona Bantry bad disappeared immediately after the disoovery of her ruin, and Mrs. Larcher professed she did not knew where ehe was. This story, whioh was feasible enough, satisfied the polioe authorities for the moment, and they retired, only to return three days later with a warrant for the arrest of Mrs. Larcher. In the interval a dagger had been found in the gTonndBof "The Laurels" on the banks of the river, and as it was stained with blood and exaotly fitted the wound, it was concluded that with this weapon the crime had been committed. Enquiry resulted in the information being obtained that Mrs. Larcher in her oharaoter of Mary Qneen of Soots had worn this dagger on the nieht of the ball. Hence, it was evident, so said the polioe, that ahe had killed her boeband. The theory of the police was that Captain Laroher had returned from London on the night of the ball, and had witnessed the parting of hii wife and Jeringham at the door. Filled with Jealous rage, he had upbraided his wife in the sitting-room, the window of whioh looked out on the cliff overhanging the river. In a moment of fnry ehe had doubtless snatched the dagger from her girdle and stabbed him to the heart, then, terrified at what she had done, had thrown the body out of the window, trusting that the stream would carry it away, and so conceal her crime. This the river had done, for the. body had been discovered four miles down, where it had been carried by' the current. As to the dagger being in tbe grounds in plaoe of the room, the polioe—never at a loss for a theory—suggested that Mrs. Larcher had stolen out of tbe house and had thrown the dagger over the bank where it was subsequently disoovered. Mrs. Laroher asserted her innooence, and reiterated her statement that she had not seen her husband since the day of the ball. He had not returned on that night, as the servants oould testify. The only domestics who had not retired to bed when she returned at 3 o'clock were Mona and Denis. Of these the first had gone away to hide her shame, and all enquiries and advertisements failed to find ber. But at the trial Denis—much broken down at the ruin of his sister—swore that Captain Laroher had not returned from London on that evening, and that Mrs. Laroher had gone straight to the sitting-room, where she first made the disoovery of Mona's iniquity, and then had afterwards retired to bed. Mrs. Laroher asserted that the dagger had been lost by her at tbe ball, and ehe knew net into whose hands it bad fallen. The trial, which took place at Canterbury, was a nine days' wonder, and opinions were divided as to the guilt of the erring wife. One party held that she bad committed tbe crime in the manner stated by the polioe, while the others asserted that Jeringham was the oriminal, and bad disappeared in order to escape the consequences of his guilt. " Doubtless," said they, "he had been met by Laroher after leaving the house, and had killed him during a quarrel." The use of the dagger was aocounted for by these wiseacres by a belief that Mrs. Laroher had given it to Jeringham as a love token when she parted from him at the door of " The Laurels." The evidenoe of Denis that he had been with or near Mrs. Laroher till she retired to bed, and that the Captain had not set foot in the house on that evening, turned the tide of evidence in favour of the unfortunate woman. She was acquitted of the crime, and went to London, but there died—aB appeared from the newspapers—a few weeks afterwards, killed by anxiety and shame. The ehild Claude was taken charge of by Mr. Hilliston, who had been a good friend to Mrs. Larcher during her troubles, and so the matter faded from the pnblic mind. What beoame of Jeringham no one ever knew. His victim—as some supposed Laroher to be—was duly buried in the Horriston Cemetery—but all the efforts of the police failed to find the man who was morally, if not legally, guilty of the crime. Denis aUo was lost in the London crowd, and all those who had been present at the tragedy at "The Laurels" were scattered far and wide. New matters attracted the attention of the fickle public, and the Laroher affair waa forgotten in due course. The mystery waB never solved; Who was guilty of the crime ? That question was never answered. Some aooused Mrs. I«ai3aher, despite her aoguital and death. Others insisted that Jeringham was the oriminal; but no one could be certain ot the truth. Hilliston, seeing that Mr. and Mrs. Larcher were dead, that Mona, Denis, and Jeringham had disappeared, wisely kept the matter seoret from Clande, deeming that it wonld be folly to disturb the mind of the lad with an insoluble riddle of so terrible a nature. So for five-and-twenty years thB matter had remained in abeyanoe. New it seemed as though it wereabeut to be.reopened by Mrs. Bezel. "And who?" asked Claude of himeelf, as he finished hiB history in the grey dawn of the morning, "whois Mrs. Bezel?" To say the least he had a right to ask himself this question, for it was ouriouB that the name of Mrs. Bezel was not even mentioned in connection with that undiscovered crime of five-and-twenty years before. CHAPTER V. A STBANGB COINCIDENCE. In spite of Tait's methodical habits, oircumetanoeB beyond hisoontrol often occurred to upset them. On the previous day the unexpected arrival of Claude had altered hia plans for the day, and after his return from the theatre on the same evening, he had—contrary to his rule—passed the night in reading. The invaluable Dormer had procured " A Whim of Fate" from Mudie's, and Tait found it lying on the table in oompany with biscuits and wine. Excited by the performance, he did not feel inclined to retire at his nsual hour of Midnight, and while sipping his wine picked up the first volume to wile away the time till he should feel sleepy. Alas ! this novel, about which every one in London was talking, proved anything but soporific, and for the whole of that night Tait sat in his comfortable chair devouring the three volumes. Tbe tale was one of mystery, and until be learned the solution Tait, conventional and incuricuB as he was, oould not tear himself from the fasoination of the printed page. When the riddle wag read, when the oriminal was hunted down, when the bad were punished and the good rewarded, the dawn was already breaking in the east. In bis Jermyn-street hotel, Claude Laroher was rising stiff and tired from the perusal of a tragedy in real life; in his Earl'e-street Chambers, Spenser Tait was closing the third volume of John Parver's work. Each had passed a wakeful night, each had been fascinated by the acoount of the crime, tbe one real, the other fictional. So does Fate, whose designs no one can presume to explain, duplicate our lives for the gaining of her own ends. Bather disgusted by his departure from the conventional, and heartily blaming the too-ingenious John Parver for having caused euoh departure, Tait tumbled hastily into bed, in order to snatch a few hours' sleep. Dormer, ignorant of his master's vigil, woke him remorselessly at his usual hour, with the unexpected intelligence that Mr. Laroher was waiting to see him in the sitting-room. From the telegram of the previous nieht and this early visit, Tait rightly concluded that bis friend was in trouble, bo without waiting to take his bath he hurriedly slipped on a dressing-gown and appeared sleepy and dishevelled in the sittine-room. Larcher, who looked likewise dissipated, arose to his feet as the little man entered, and tbey eyed one another in aBtoniahment, for tbe appsaranoe of eaoh was totally at variance with their usual looks. " Well," said Tait, interrogatively, "I see you've been making a night of it." " I might say the same of you," replied Laroher, grimly. "A more dissipated looking wretch I'never saw. Have you fallen into bad habits at your age ?" " That depends on what you call bad habits, Claude. I have net been round the town if that IB what you mean. But, seduced by the novel of a too-ingenious author, I have sat up all night devouring his three volumes. Such a thing has not ooourred with me since I unfortunately tried to read myself to sleep with 'Jane Eyre.' Charlotte Bronte and John Parver are both answerable for my white nights. But you," oontinued Tait, surveying his friend in a quizzical manner, "am I to understand that" " Tou are to understand that my night has been a duplicate of your own," interrupted Laroher, curtly. " What! Have yon been reading ' The Whim of Fate!"' ! "No, my friend ; I have not. While you were devouring fiction I have bsen making myself aoquainCei with a tragedy in real Mf6." Laroher thereupon savagely threw on the breakfast-table a roll of papers and looked defiantly at hie friend. Tone and expression failed to elicit surprise. " Oh!" said Tail reflaotively, " then Hilliston gave you bad news after all. I guesaed he would from your refusal to aocompany me to the theatre last night." "You guessed rightly. He gave me such neWB as I never expected to hear. You will find it amply set forth in those papers which I have been reading all night." "Dearme. I trust it is nothing serious. Has Mrs. Bezel 1 ' "I don's know anything about Mrs. Bezel," said Larcher ioualy; " eo far as she is concerned I am as much in the dark as ever. But my parents" " What of them ?" interrupted Tait, uttering the first though; that oame into his mind. " Are they alive after all ?" "No. They are dead,sure enough," muttered Claude gloomily. " In that case what can Mr. Hilliston or Mrs. Bezel have to say about them," demanded the other, looking puzzled. "No soandal about Queen Elizabeth, I hope." "Confound it, man, don't be so flippant. I've had bad news, I tell you. My father"— here Laroher gulped down his emotion with eome difficulty — " my father was murdered. " "Murdered!" repeated Tait, looking aghast, as well he might. " Yes ! My mother was accused of having murdered bim. There you have it." It was some litle time before Tait oould face the skeleton so unexpectedly produced from the Laroher cupboard. Hitherto his acquaintance with crime had been maiuly derived from fiction after the style of John Parver or from the oolumns of the Press ; but now he was brought face to face with a tragedy indirectly connected with the dearest friend, and naturally enough did not iike the situation. Nevertheless, like the wise little man he was, he made no comment on the truth so suddenly blurted out, but pushed his friend into a comfortable ohair end proposed breakfast. " Breakfast!" cried Claude, clutching his hair ; " I oould not eat a morsel. Have you no feelings, you little monster, to propose breakfast to me after hearing such hideous news ? Why don't you give me sympathy, and try and help me, instead of sitting at your confounded rasher of bacon like a graven image." " Fll do all in my power later on," said Tait quietly, "bat you are upset by this netrs, and no wonder. Try and eat a little, then yon can tell me all about it and I will give you the best advioe in my power." Thus adjured, Claude drew in his chair and managed to eat a morsel of toast and drink a oup of coffee, after whioh he lighted his pipe and smoked furiously ; while Tait, anxious that hie friend should regain his self-control, made a lengthened meal and talked of divers matters. Breakfast ovet, he also filled hiB favourite pipe and drawing a ohair close to that of Larcher'e waited for an explanation. "Well, Claude," said he after a pause, during which the other showed no disposition to speak, "tell me your trouble." "I have told you," grumbled Larcher angrily; "if you want to know any more about it read those papers." "It would take too long, and as ithappenB I am already tired with reading. Tell me about the affair as shortly as possible, and then we can go through the papers together. You eay your father was murdered. Who committed the crime ?" "No one knows? The oriminal is still at large." "After five-and-twenty years he is likely to remain so." t "No! cried Larcher vehemently, striking the table. I'll hunt him down and find him out, and put a rope round his neok, so help me God." "You say your mother was accused of the orime," said Tait, ignoring fhis outburst. "Yes. But she was acquitted on the evidence of my father's valet. Shortly afterwards she died in London. I don't wonder at it," eaid poor Claude distractedly ; "the Bhame, the diBgrace. If she survived ehe was bitterly punished. I Bhould like to see the man who would dare to asperse her memory." "No one will do so," said Tait soothingly. "Control yourself, my dear fellow, and we will look into this matter together. I have }ub£ been reading about a orime, but I did not think I would be so soon concerned in dealing with one." " You will help me, Tait ? You will stand by me ?" " My dear friend, oan you ask ? I am completely at your service, and together we will do all in our power todiaooverthe murderer of your father and clear the memory of your mother." "It is clear. She was acquitted by the jury. Don't you dare to" "I don't dare te say anything," interrupted Tait impatiently; "do be reasonable, my good fellow. So long as I am ignorant I can say nothing. Tell me the particulars and we may arrive at some oonolosion. Now then, give me a ' precis'of the oaBe." Dominated by the superior calm of his friend, Claude related the Larcher affair as radbinctly as possible. The details of the case had impressed themselves too strongly on his bram for him to hesitate in the narration, and keeping his emotions well in hand be managed to give a fairly minute account of the tragedy which had taken place at Horriston in the year 1866. The effect on Tait was surprising. A look of blank astonishment overspread hiB face as Larcher proceeded with his story, anc when it was finished he looked anxiously at his friend. Apart from the details of the case he was deeply interested in the matter from another point of view. Larcher waited to hear what his friend thought of the case, but instead of commenting thereon Tait both acted and spoke in an apparently irrelevant manner. Without a word he heard Claude to the end, then rose from his seat and waikmg to the other end of the room returned with three volumes bound in red cloth. "This book is oalled' The Whim of Fate,'" said he, placing the volumes at Larcher's elbow. " Have you read it?" "Confound it, what do you mean?" burst out Claude with justifiable wrath. "I tell you of a serious matter whioh nearly concerns myself, and you prattle about the last fashionable novel." "Wait a minute,"eaid Tait, laying a detaining hand on his friend's coatsleeve. " There is more method in my madness than you give me credit for." " What do you mean ?" " The story you tell me is most extraordinary. But the information I am about to impart to you is more extraordinary still. You say this orime at Horriston was committed twenty-five years ago "Yes, you oan see by the date of those newspapers." " It has very likely faded out of all memories." " Of course! I don't suppose any one is now alive who gives it a thought." "Well," eaid Tait, "it is certainly ourious." *' What is carious ? Explain yourself." " The story you tell me now was known to melast night." v Larcher looked at his friend in unconcealed surprise and promptly contradicted what seemed to be a foolish assertion. " That is impossible, Tait. I heard it only last night myself." "Nevertheless I read it lsst night." " Read it last night!" repeated Larcher, sceptically. "In thi3 book," Eaid Tait, laying his hand on the novel. " What do you mean?'' demanded the other impatiently. "I mean that John Parver, the author of this book, has utilized the events which tcok place at Horriston in 18GS for the purpose of writing a work of fiotion. The story you tell me is told in these pages, and your family tragedy is the talk of literary London. CHAPTER YI. TBUTH IS 8TEANGEB THAI." FrcTIOX. This astonishing statement was receired by Claude with a disbelieving smile; and bo oonvinoed was he of its untruth that he affected anger at what he really believed to be the flippancy of Tait's conduct. "It is no doubt very accusing for you to ridicule my stDry," said he with cold dignity ; "but it is hardly the act of a friend. Some matters are too serious to form the subject of a jeBi ; and this" "I am not jesting," interrupted Tait eagerly. "I assure you that the tragedy which concerned your parents forms the subject-matter of this novel. You c&n; read the bpok yourself, and eo be couvincsd that I am speaking the truth. The names and places are no doubt fictional, but the whole story is narrated plainly enough." Larohgr turned over the three volumes with a puzzled expression. That a story with whieh he had only beoome acquainted within the last twenty-four hours Ehould be printed in a book, and that the book itself should be brought eo speedily under his notice, seemed to bim quite inexplicable. The strangeness of the occurrence paralysed his will, and contrary to his usual self-dependence he looked to Tait for guidance. "What do you think of it?" he asked irresolutely. " A.h ! That requires eome consideration, my friend. But before we go into the matter let us understand our position towards each other. You believe this story of your father's death ?"' " Certainly. Mr. Hilliston would not tell me an untruth, aud moreover the bundle of extracts from provincial newspapers confirms his statement. I truly believe tbat my father George Larcher, waa murdered at Horriston I in 1S66 by —and there you have me — I know not by whom. My own opinion it that Jeringham is" " One moment, Claude! Let us settle all preliminaries. Are yoa resolved to take up this matter ?" "I am! I mast clear the memory of my mother and avenge the death of my father." " Would it not be better to let sleeping dogg lie?" suggested Tait with some hesitation. "I do not think so," replied Clande quietly. " I am not a sentimental man, as you know; and my nature is of too practical a kind to busy itself with weaving rop9s of sand. Yet in this instance I feel that it is my duty to hunt down and punish the coward who killed my father. When I find him and punish him, this ghost of '66 will be laid aside ; otherwise it will continue to haunt and torture me all my life." " Bat your business ?" "I shall lay aside my business till this matter is settled to my satisfaction. As you know, I have a private inoome and am not compelled to work for my daily bread. Moreover, the last four years have brought me in plenty of money, so that I oan afford to indulge my fancy. And my fancy," added Claude in a grim tone, " is to dedioate the rest of my life to discovering tbe truth. Do you not approve of my decision ?" "Yes and no," said Tait evasively. "I think your huut for an undesoribed criminal, whose crime dates back twenty-five years, is rather a waste of time. All clues must have disappeared. It seems hopeless for you to think of solving the mystery. And if you do," continued the little man earnestly, "if you do, what possible pleasure can you derive from such a solution? Your father is a mere name to you, so filial love can have nothing to do with the matter. Moreover the criminal may be dead—he may be" " You have a thousand and one objeotionB," eaid Laroher impatiently, " none of whioh have any weight with me. I am in the hands of Fate. A factor has entered into my life whioh has changed my future. Knowing what I know now I cannot rest until I learn the truth. Did you know the story of Mozart?" he added abruptly. "I know several stories of Mozart. Bat this Epeoial one I may not know." "It is told either of Mozart or Mendelssohn 1 I forget which," pursued Larcher half to himself. " When M.ozart — let us say Mozart — was ill in bed one of his friends struck a discord on the piano, whioh required what is technically known as a resolution for its completion. The omission so tortured the sensitive ear of the musician that when his friend departed he rose from hiB bed and completed the discord in aooordanoe with musical theory. Till that was done he could not rest." " And the point of your parable ?" "Can you not see ? This incomplete case of murder is my discord. I must complete it by discovering the criminal, and so round off the case or submit to be tortured by its hinted mystery all my life. It is not filial love, it is not sentimentu it is not even ounoBitj, it is siraply a desire to oomplete a matter hitherto left undone. Till I know the sequel to tbe Horriston tragedy I shall feel in a state of suspense — and suspense," added Claude emphatically, "is torture to men of my temperament." " Your reason is a trifle whimsical," said Tait, smiling at the application of this musical theory to the present instance, "but I can understand your feelings. Indeed, I feel the same way myself." "You!" "Why not? I'm reading 'The Whim of Fate.' I oould not goto rest without knowing the end, and I feel a like curiosity towards this tragedy of real life. I shall not be oonteiit till I learn the truth. My feelings are preoisely the same as your own. Therefore," pursued Tait with emphasis, " I propose to assist you in your eearoh. We will discuss the matter oalmly and see what is best to be done. In spite of the lapse of five-andtwenty years, who knows but what we may lay hands on the murderer of. your father, who is no doubt now living in fancied Becurity." " Unless he is dead." " Who is making the objections now?" said Tait, smiling. "Well, Claude, will you acoejit me as your brother detective in thiB matter?" " Willingly, and I thank you for this proof of your friendship." " I am afraid there is an element of selfishness mixed up in my offer,"said Tait, shrugging his shoulders; " it is not every day that one can find an interesting case like this to disseot. Excitement is the joy of life, and I rather think we will be able to extract a great deal from this investigation. Come! We now understand one another." Laroher grasped the hand held out to him aud cratefully accepted the aid thus offered. From that moment the two dedicated themselves to hunt dotvn the.'criminal at whose hands George Larcher h&d; met his death. It a^ ii <cr i,Hi:irm!i as Uaievar b9an made. Halting Nemesis, who had rested all these years, once more resumed ber stealthy progress, and before her ran these two young men as ministers of her lone-delayed revenge. This junction of unforeseen oiroamsianoes savoured of the dramatic. "The first thing to be done," said Tait when the compact was thas concluded, "U to read both cases." " Both oases !" repeated Claude curiously." " Yes ! You remember how Browning gives half-a-dozen aspects of the same case in his ' Ring and the Book.' In a minor degree we benefit in the same manner. There,"said Tait, pointing to the roll of newspapers, " is the oase from the real point of view, aud here, in these three volumes we will find the same case as considered in a fictional fashion by the novelist. By reading both we may come to some conclusion whence to start in our talk. Last night you read the newspapers; I the novel. To-day wa will reverse the prooess. I will view the affair as set forth by the provincial Press and you will devour the three volumes of John Parver as I did last night." " And afterwards?" "Eh! Who can say?" replied Tait, shrugging his shoulders. Several sojourns in Paris had left their trace in Gallic gestures and possibly in Gallic flippancy. "We must know what foundation" we have before we build." Claude nodded. He was of the Bameway of thinking himsslf, and commented on his friend's speech after his own fashion. "Yes,"eaid he a trifle vindictively, "we must build our gallows stanch and strong. You can proceed with your toilet, and afterwards we will read novels and newspapers, as you suggest. The result of our reading must appear in our actions. I rather think, "he added slowly, " that the result will be a visit to Mr. Hilliston." " Without doubt. He was an eye-witness, and it is always preferable to obtain evidence first hand." "Then,"said Claude reflectively, " there is Mrs. Bezel." "Quite so! The enterprising lady who started the whole thing. WaB she also an eys-witness?" "I can't say? Her name does not appear in the newspapers." "Humph?" muttered Tait, scratching his chin. " Nor in those three volumes oan I find a character likely to develop into Mre. Bezel of Hampstead." " I wonder who she can be," said Claude curiously, "or what she can have to do with the case." "That we must find out. Depend upon it there is more in this case than in newspapers or novel. We must find out all about Mrs. Bezel, and," said Tait, with emphasis, "we must learn all that u to be learned concerning John Parver." " Who is John Parver " Who was the Man in the Iron Mask ?" replied Tait in a bantering tone. "Icaunot say. But whomsoever he may be, he knows all about this case." "There is that possibility, certainly," assented the other smoothly, " but I hardly think it likely. A mail of to-day would not readily come across the account of a tragedy occurring in a little known town twenty-five years ago. Do you know," he added, after a pause, " that it ocaurs to me that the publica- tion of this book containing an account of the case may have been tbe cause whioh inoited Mrs. Bezel to write the letter." "I thought so myself. Mrs. Bezel may think the John Parver is a noin de plume assumed by Claude Larcher." "Or another alternative. Mrs. Bezel may be John Parver herself. It is the fashion nowadays for women to write under the name of men." There was a few minutes' silence, during which each man was intent on his own thoughts, Tait, whose brain turned quicker than that of Laroher, was the first to break the silence. " Well," eaid he, moving briskly towards his bedroom door, "before we can eay or do anything we must learn the facts of the case." As be vanished into bis room Claude laid his hand on the first of the three volumes. 