HAUNTED NEW ZEALANDERS. (From N.Z. Weekly Press) Our London correspondent sends us a curious story about " two wealthy ex.resi dents of New Zealand new occupying de lightful country seats in England." which seems to show that life is not free from drawbacks even under such pleasant cir cumstances as those indicated. He has been specially asked not to indicate in any way their identity, but he assures us that whether his informants are or are not mistaken, they have told their respective stories to him in perfect good faith. To put the matter in a sentence, these wealthy ex-colonists are persecuted by ghosts which haunt their mansions. In one case, we are told, the uneasy spirit never became visible, but masi'ested his presence audibly by tramping about a particular room and searching invisibly, but noisily, for papers in an empty cupboa d opening into it. There is a legend, cf course, about a missing will which the supcrnatuial visitor is telieved to be ensious to bring to light. Many people have dihtinctly heard the foot steps and the rus ling of the papers ex amined by the ghost, Lut the closest st arch has failed to dicclose any mortal explana tion. Rats naturally were suspected, but were proved innocen-. Emptioess reigns supreme in the cupboard where the starch goes on. There ara no discoxeraole locali ties adjacent where the noise could be made by earshly hands. In the other case the "ghost" makes a visib!e eppecrasce now end then. It is cns of a peculiarly un pleasant nalure. A carriage drawn by four horses drives up to the main door of the mansion at a moonlight midn:ght. "That's not very alarming ?" the raad.r will say. True, but the disadre.~'Lle point is this that the driver, fcotman, horses, and the inmates (f the coach, all werse headless. How is that for an ex co!oniet with suscep tible nerves ? Ther. are people living who swear they have seen this portent, and that it is always followed by a death in the house. VYry reccntly the superstition was strangely corroborated. One midnight the a mund of a coach and hoeres driving rapidly up to the front door was most distinctly heard. Suddenly the coach stopped at the door and then a servant, after a momentary pause of surprise at en arrival at so loat an hour, went to the door and opened it. There ,was nothing there ! The white carriage drive shone out coearly in the moonlight for a long distance both ways. There was no possibility of any vehicle getting cut of sight in the time. Others, astonished by the servant's report that nobody was at the door, rushed out card made an ex tonsive search. It was resultleos. Nobedy was there. Yet all hod heard the sound! Very shortly afterward a member of the family died. The.o the old story was ferreted out, and of, course created a marked impression. Our correspondent wise'y a'tempts no explana'ion and offers no moral. It seems to us, however, that it should be a solemn warning to wealthy New Zealander; not to be led away by the seductiyeues of English country hogses, 