"PERMISKUS PARS." (Br Rom ua.) That the vigorous outcry of the public against the two advertisements now being published by 3&r..; Duffy will olnyisiire to advance the interests of their respec tive firms far and wide is true.in.asuense, but not precisely in tihe way imagined by that jocular gen:tleman. From a busi nress point f view, it -till, if persisted in, probably turn out an advertisement of an unremunerstive nature, as not only is a large section of the community incensed against these advertisers, but rival firms will bid for increased popularity through the -fact of their having refrained from offending. This is clear fronm Messrs. Cameron Iros.' offer of withdrawail. Making a noise is not necessarily fame, it may be notoriety. One lthing at any rate is assured; the present cards will-be either so amended in form that they will lose their objectionable character, or else they will be'withdrawn in tots. If adver tisements must appear on them let us confine ourselves to such ones as those .i.blished throughout the province by the Savings Banks Cdonuissioners, the Shire Councils, the iard' of Works, and other associations of a public nature. The St. Albans Estate raille was an ingenious device, and it paid Mr. Wilson far better than a plain auction sale. By buying back the estate for £2-4,000 hlie has made a good bargain, especially as most of the live stock will be returned to him, chiefly by wmnuels of pr.zes whose means or inclination will not penuit them to make use of racehorses. The refusal of £7,000 for Trenton by-Mrs. Arundel seems strange. -If we- had an animal whose value might drop from £7,000 to nowhere in one day, if. the slightest sign of sickness broke out, we would lose no time in clinching a bargain with the first reasonable purchaser. Then we would take a holiday, and confine our interest in the turf to oracular remarks about "when we owned Trenton, you know," etc., etc. "During the hearing of the petition for judicial separation brought by Mary Paterson, against her husband, Hugh Paterson, one of the- leading dentists in Sydney, plaintiff stated inter alia she remembered smashing her husband's camera because lie wislhed to photograph her in a nude state." -[Argus report Nov. 12th, '95.] When you hear a sudden click, Though you thought you'ddone the trick, Kissed your girl or someone else'a on tthe quiet; Or hoodwinked the boss, whose eyes Watchful are, then realise, That you'll shortly need a chauge of air and diet: For the Kodak fiend's been by, And the creature cannot lie, And you'll have to slingyour hook unless you buy it. Quite a fortune can be made, By a core without a trade Oremployment, if he goes to work discreetly; Half a sov.-the Kodak's price-, " Gives an avrcation nice To the gent. who snapsa maiden'sankle neatly nha stoei down from the tram, Or at pie-nits shovels liam Down her throttle, and the picture's drawn completely. Countless other ways we see, Bringing protit and much glee - To such operators, who in members swelling, Day by day, will keep us straight, As we heed the luckless fate Of our neighbors who've been victimised: re belling Won't avail And Mary P- Only raged when she could.see. That her tigure in the nude was nowise "tel ling." Oceana, the 3d. weekly, which a few months ago absorbed the Australian IWeekly, under tihe-aspiees of a -party named Jones, LL.B., has quietly expired, as we foresaw. No doubt Mi. Jones gave weight to the new venture, but lie naturally found before long that it was not lbs., but ££ s., that were mainly re quisite to success in Melbourne. The Labor Party of Castlemaine wrote to a North Melbourne resident and sym pathiser with their views, shortly after the death of Sir James Patterson, for the purpose of ascertaining his .opinion on the advisability of running a Labor Candidate for the vacancy. His reply showed that the attempt would be hope less. Out of the 3,000 voters on the roll, only half would vote, and in an electorate like Castlemaine, which ex tended to a radius of twenty miles, the cost .of canvassingewould be heavy. Allowing '£2 a day for a buggy andd guide, rents of hall, advertising and in cidentals, £100 would barely cover expenses. The mining vote would be split up, and among the various cliques of the district. it would be impossible to guage the progress of the canvass. The inhabitants when effusive are not to be relied on; and when they are uidemon strative the silence is just as iwkward. llecommehding the local LaborParty to nominate their most eligible represen tative, our informant added that no Melbourne aispirant would leb likely to stand; and evidently his report decided the question against thi priopo edtai pointment. Castlemaine is yet a close borough for.Consercatistm.: .Teetotallers in thiscntrty point with i" eicedin'g great joy ait the examplezof New York, where the new Excise Law forbids the selling or- givingaway-of liquor on Sundays. And a New York magistrate. has-decided that it-is illegal for any private person to have a guest on Sunday, with wine onuthe table;any such person, according to his ruling, -being liable t nrresLandilmprisonment. As a matterof fact, the publicans are the parties who are carrying the enforcement of the new law to extremes, in .order to produce a revolution in favor of limited Sunday trading, and they are bound to suctCid.- :If tbd moderate drinkers of Victoria could induce the liquor trade to dnaunimously shut down on Sunday trad ing, a number of uisreputab!e sneaks would have to find more suitable occupa tions, and perjury would not be com mitted quite as frequently as hitherto, in cies of illegal liquor sales before tihe dourts. The Courier's article in last week's issue completely summarised the objec tibiis laid before the Postmaster General hy' Wednesday's deputation, in the matter of the now post cards, Mr. Duffy's reply was characteri tic. As a tactician he diplomatically re:urned the attack to better cover his retreat. Mrs. Harrison Lee disposed of thel sophistical argument that eneties,of.the innovation -teedrnt use thltiinrd;- h rlieorcjoined that they were powerless to avoid receir -ing-them--It-is a poor stand to take when one has to plead as extenuating circumstanocs, tha-Pother-people are as had as ourselves, and Mr. Diffy.was guilt;of. twhat the French call fiut lpas, when he attemnpted to justify his iDepart ment advertisements, on the ground that tile Argua published far more injurious ones daily. . o . o , 'Thi6rerelatidns c ncerning the tim moral `iratficing 'in stores ''onsigned:to the troops of the French Madagascar campaign are by no means singular, or facts over which English people can spread themlselves scornfully. 'hs Duke of aarlboroiugh was a notorious sinner in his day; and inthe Duke of Wellington's Peninsular engagements, the troaps starred tlirough the misdirection of sup lilies despatched to them. Later on, during tie Crimean.)Var similar malver sions of food disgraced our nation; and until every soldier'can carry a week's rations about, him in the shape of con centrated beef and extract of tea, the old, old story will repeat itself. With our rapidly perfec.ing long range guns, hotw ever; nmlern warfare will obviate the necessity of leaving home at all. When England declares war against France the ciinbataiits will simply elevate huge platforms in London and'Paris, and pot each other to death at their leisure. Safety -thn will only be procurable by burrowing into the bowels of thecearth. HBitherto the process known as "chrome " tanting of leather-wherein chemicals were used instead of Iark has been a trade secret, confined to America, and fully 30,000 kangaroo skins per week have bcen: exported to the Etates, during the-winter -months. Greater expedition and improved results have enabled Uncle Sam to compete successfullyagainst tlie best French kid. But now Messrs. Kennion & Sons, of Riclhmond, have discovered the trick, and another local industry has been se cured 'to Victoria. Curiously enough, America, the land of the seal, has to export her skins to London for curing, and seal-skin Iantles are cheaper in Great Britain, titan in San Francisco. At this rate, British ingenuity will soon supersede Amer:c's established reputa tion for smanrtness. 'A local undertaker assures. the. writer thoat cases of " live burials" are uncom: mon in Australia, and that instances where the supposed corpses have turned in.thleircdfhmi s,7 hav;7 a more than once, come under his notice. In Germany, a better system prevails, and all supposed corpses'are inspected several times by anl official, or-sent to a mortuary, where signs of life may be watched for. Au tluoreiie agroo hat. decomposition.is the only infallible sign of death, and urge delay in burial when there is room for doubt, and in a climate like ours this test would cauise little inconvenieiice One ciiriiiis feattreeaboiit'ydouig coipses is, that the hair grows after death, unless they are encased in hermetically sealed caskets. This is a point which ghost seers would do well to bear in mind when anxions-to-assure themselves of the bona tides of returned and unquiet. spirits nbsoutthe-houie. ; i. 