WilEN` HE LOET HiS 8\. SAN D. At a Detroit hotel the other day was a guest whose countenance wore such a frightened expression that he was an object of attention and remark from all others. Some said he must have been thrown sky- high by a Texas steer within the last day or two; others that he had been run across a trestle work by a passenger train; others still that his wife had suddenly pulled a gun on him and taken the reins of government in her hands. It is easy to find out all about people if you have knack for it.' ' Why do Icarry sucha wild, scared look ?' queried the man in reply, as he made'himself 'comrfotable in a big arm chair. 'I flattered myself that the expression had about worn off, but I begin to doubt if it will ever pass away entirely. I've been trying hard to look placid and contented for the last hour, but it seems to have been a failure.' 'Did a bear,' panther, alligator, Indian warrior, or a ghost have any thing to do with it? asked the inter viewer. . ' No-- nothingaf the sort Young man, did yonever ride onalocomotive?' ' Yes.' ' On a railroad snowplow ?' 'No.' Well, perhaps you know that a rail road snowplow is about, the: biggest, strongest and ugliest looking thing on wheels. Put two of 'em together and you've got' a battering ram, which would'go through a brick house like a streak of hot lard running down'. hill? Biding on a locomotive is a cradle compared to riding. on a snowplow when out for bisiness.' ' But it shouldn't scare a man out his boots.' ' Well,it did me, and that's why I carry the countenance I do. It was the 15th of last January that I took a little trip over a few miles of northern Minnesota railroad, but I haven't got through shivering and shaking and palpitating yet. I was at a town salled Anthon during a three day's snow storm, and when I wanted to start for Morehead the line was blocked and all trains cancelled. There was no reason why I should hurry away, but as soon as I found I couldn't go I wanted' to be off. That's human nature, you know. When told that a couple of snowplows were at the depot preparing to open the- line to the westward, I went down and did what I thought was an awfully cute trick.' ' Bribed one of the engineers to take you on, eh ' ' Just so, my friend. Yes, sir, I worked my little game through the depot-master and the engineer of the head snow-plow. Some of the long green stuff changed hands, perhaps, but that's neither here nor there. It was supposed that I had a dying wife atMorehead, and was almost crazy to reachher before the grim Monster bore her hence. Wheh the big plows started outIwas snugly ensconced on the fireman's seat. I had never seen. a railroad snow plow before,, and had no idea of what was to happen. The snow was about three feet deep on the level and packed hard, and I anti cipated something new and novel in 'that ride. ' And you were not disappointed i' queried the interviewer. ' Alas ! no ! I enjoyed the thing for the first mile or so, and then we struck a drift six feet deep by two hundred feet long. Such a drift couldn't stop the plows, but you ought to have seen what happened when they drove into it I It was as if a cyclone blowing at the rate of a thousand miles an hour, and armed with teeth and claws, had swooped down into the cut. The whirl of snow shut out daylight in an instant. lIt flew fifty feet high, and it rolled back over the cab in a great wave. 'I was buried outof sightand almost smothered at the first dash, and before we got through the drift I'd have given 50 dols. to be back at Anthon. The grinding, puffing, wheezing and groaning'of the plows was of itself enough to scare a man unaccustomed to it out of a year's growth. When we ran out of that drift I had snow in my ears, my hair, my pockets, my shoes-down my back and up my trousers-legs, and my flesh seemed to be burning.' 'But the snow-plows went on 1' 'I'm sure they did. I'd have been willing to drop off and foot it back to town, but having agreed to get me to Morehead -to close the eyes of my dying wife, the engineer smiled at me in an encouraging way and added that the drift was only a little one for a cent. If we didn't run off the track or blow up we'd be sore to encounter something worth pitching into. The fences were of boards, and for ten miles after leaving that first cut the snow was rolled off on each side of the track in such a way as to break them flat down, posts and all. It was like a great steamer plowing through the :water, but the snow had weighed to it as it went rushingagainst the f'nces. You heard thecedar posts go pop! pop! pop ! like so many musket shots, and many of'the'boards were reduced to splinters and the splinters sent lying in the air behind us. By and by we struck a second drift.' 'Yes, you struck a second drift,' re peated the interviewer as the man shook and shivered and made a long pause. ' It was a drift in another cut,' he finally said. 'It was a cut with banks twenty feet high and 500 feet long, and the snow had blcwn in till the cut seemed even full. The engineer ex pected to find such a condition of affairs and had increased steam pressure and speed. He went for that drift like a big bull dog rushing across the field to pick un a tramp. I was hanging on for dear life and had my eyes shut when we struck. We ran into thie drift a distance of fifty feet and then stopped. When we came to a standstill I was back on the tender, buried under two feet of snow, and when the engineer and fireman dug me out I'd have sold myself for a brass cent. A more forlorn, dilapidated and disgusted busband of a dying wife will never be seen on the face of this earth. I offered the boys, as near as I can remember, 3,000,000 dols. to run back to Anthon, but they only laughed at me. They were out to open thie tracks, and as I had come along I must stick.' 'And so they bucked the drift agaSin 1' 'Heaven forgive 'em, but they did ! They backed oat, got up more steam, and into the cut we dashed and gained another twenty feet. I don't think I fainted away, but somehow I lost all interest in ths proceedings after that. All I remember was of being bounced about-bruised, cut and barned-of seeing more snow above and around me than I ever supposed fell upon tihe whole American continent at one time before. We were an hour getting through`,that idrift, and another. in reaching a town -alled 'Detroit City. There I was tenderly removed from the, snow-plow and taken 'o a hotel, and a doctor summoned, and my dying wife was left:to die or to get well. ' Any bones broken or cylinder-heads blown out I' 'No. The doctor found cats and burns and. bruises from head so heel, but he said they didn't amount to much. It was tie shock to' my nervous system that troubled him, and for two weeks he could nout be sure whether I would remain a fool to the end of my days or eventually regain enough horie-sense to enable me to get out of the:country. Things finally turned my way bat lam a marked man for life. My hat stands upwmost of the time-my eyes reveal a feeling of terror-my pale face tells everybody that I have lost my sand. That's my story. Seek for the moral in it and don't make a fool of yourself with your eyes wide open I' 