“ On the Wallaby ” in . England.... FIRST IMPRESSIONS. No. I. (By a Travelling Contributor.) London, Oct. 10. To every man who leuve.s his native lam! then! coines, sooner or luior, the heart-hunger’for, |ioine. To the Ans- : ■ tralian—no matter on what oilier spot ■ on God’s Footsliail he pilches his tent ■ _the ilioitvht of the land of hi's nativity, wild, weird, desolate in many of its aspects, ever recurs, with a pang of ' regret. A. land wlieru Nature lias in- : toned lier songs to a minor hey, and • draped her pictures with n cloak of ! ‘•brooding melancholy;’’ such a land has but few attractions to any but the native-born. But to him it is the land of his birth.. He longs for a glimpse once niore of the silent forest solitude or lonelv desert plain. Mental pictures rise unbidden before him, of a’ beauty incomprehensible to any but his country men. Mayhap fie may see a winding stream, dark and silent, almost 'hidden In the deep ravine which it has cut for itself in the broivii 'and treeless plain'. The straggling gums which fringe the river bank fake grotesquo and ghostly forms in the twilight, and seem ever .bending over- and beckoning and whis pering and listening to the reflected forms of other ghosts which they have ; conjured up from the depths below. On the bank sits a lonely Man. He has dropped his “ blucv ” disconsolately be neath a tree. anil .JUllessly opens his , *■ tucker-bag’.’ to. prepare his evening : tneal. . There is not a sound but for the crackling of the burning twigs which he has thrust beneath his billy. The gums, as if disturbed by the intrusion, cease whispering their fell secrets into the river, and the short twilight gives way to a night so black that the bearded face of the Man, brightly outlined in the halo of firelight, looks like a' Dantesqtio picture burned into the darkness. The picture presently fades, flickers uncertainly'again into relief, and finally dies away alto gether, leaving only a .spot of glowing embers to mark , where the. lonely man lias sought his teposo—the typical fire side of thousands of our countrymen, whose only lullaby , is the wail of the curlew; and which, alas ! is oft their only requiem. • What attraction can a country present in which such pictures as these are common? But common as they are. 'hey are never'coninirm-place ; they are ever full of interest, they are racy of the soil, to him. who. is to the' manner born. They are the characteristics of his native laud, and of his land alone ;’ and grim as they are, they bring in their train Lite mem >r:es of' bright faces and warm hearts, of Inline and kindred, of love and friimdship.'which grbw and flourish even in Australia, and. without which life is n t-wnrth the living. But when thus the thought of home affects the Australian sojourning iti a country so hospitable as' that of his fathers, how .must it have been with them ? Let us try.and realise tile feel ings of the men who. half a century ago. left-their hearts in : England, and took heir bodies away, to people with busy life the hils and canyons of California, • ml the flats and '.gtt lies of Australia, where many left-their-bones, dud'whence hut few ever returned to home and kindred again. How de.-o'ate must have seemed the and Australian wastes to men with memories yet green in their hearts of the cool Devonshire lanes and tne breezy uplands of the tno irs I When we linger fondly and with moistened •ves over the recnJ.eet.ions of our own lone land, what .must have been the fel l ings of the’ thousands who. in the early fifties, dug holes for'gold, and graves for ibeir hopes ; when “ Merciless disastor Followed fast; and followed faster,” ind they began to realise that they and heir dear ones were paried for ever. I once saw a dark-haired daughicrof Lvonesse stand tnu-'e,-with humid eves, before a picture in.the'iMelbotirne Gal lery, of an old Cornish-fisherman cate chising a little child who has jnst brought him his “ crib.” ** I-have seen that spot and that fisherman—often,” she said, half apologetically: I ‘can sympathise morn thoroughly with her now titan I eonld then. Biit-she will never see the old fisherman again:in this life ; for he. too, has left bis native land, hut has found, it is to he hoped, a better one. Now let ns stand for a moment on Plymouth Hoe, and think of the melting hearts’ of those who still earlier, and actuated by nobler motives, deliberately. leFt their native land in the cause of liberty of conscience. Picture the depth of religious fervor .which prompted tlie Pilgrim Fathers to exile. And they were leaving, not a new land, but a land replete with, association, wliere their people had lived and worked, and fought . and died, for generations; a land to which, whether for weal or woe. tlipy 1 knew they could never return. To my mind, a memorial of the steadfast faith. | and courage of the Pilgrim Fathers : would ns fittingly adorn the stately Hoc 1 of Plymouth Snund-ns the heroic figure ; which commemorates the coarser courage , of Sir Francis Drake. But 1 suppose. Mr. Editor, you want i less moralii-ing and more •• Impressions.” I Mcthinks I see thee in my' mind’s eye. r Horatio, with one eye.w indexing towards i the scissors, and the .other in the direc ; tinn of the waste-paper basket. Not 1 that, I mean to insinuate that you .are ’ swivel-eyed—though, that would have its \- compensations, as enabling you to read t two manuscripts, at once. Bnt to avoid I incurring your displeasure, I shall cn ’ deavor to .keep to my subject. • . -AS~e.il. “ impressions ” rush in. on one thick unci Fust on approaching Plymouth Sound from the sea. To be fortunate enough to soil through tli« Buy of Biscay, as we did. on a sea-of glass, and to be favored with weather so tine us to allow an Australian liner to steam ma jestically past the dread Eddystono n ek within hail of the famous lighthouse itself,..is not a common experience. It is hard for as to realise that often is this stately pile hidden by the surf and heavy seas which break above it. ntid seem bent upon its destruction. Close beside tho present structure still stands the stump of Smeaton’s old tower, which has been removed and rebuilt on Ply mouth Lion. Once well past the Eddystono, the heaulitul green roast line of Devon gra dually unfolds itself, and presently we are inside the Breakwater, winch pro jects the hnrhor of P ymonth from the southerly gales, nnd are landing those of our passengers who dare not face the dangers and discomforts of a Channel passage. We arrived at the time of year to see the bounties of England at their best, and under the bright June sun the picturesque harbor displayed itself lit ad vantage. But little of the town can lie seen from the Sound. On the sea front has been built up the historic Hoe, with its green sward; rising terrace over ter race, nnd picked out' with white stone kerbs and steps and walls, and ctowued with one of (lie finest promenades in the world. It is here that Drake is said to have calmly finished his game of bowls while tlie approach of the dreaded Armnde was being frantically signalled along the hilltops from the coast of Cornwall. Plymouth is an important, naval and military depot, and fortifications, dock yards, warships, nnd munitions of war somewhat obscure the many natural beauties of the harbor. But the place is full of historic interest. A crumbling castle commemorates the Cromwellian wars, statues and monuments bear wit ness to the prowess of Drake, and Haw kins, and trophies oF the wrecked Armada crown the Hoe, while no history of Plymouth would be complete without a record oF the ventures of Raleigh, of the sailing of the Mttyflowpr, and of the departure of Captain. Cook to leave ins hones in the Southern Seas. Standing out prominently oil the western sido is the fatuous Saltash railway bridge, one of the engineering feats of the ceiitury, and the crowning effort of the great Biunel ; nncj the Plymouth Breakwater, a full English mile in length, gives little outward evidence of the millions of tons of rock which were swallowed up in its construction. It was a half-holiday with (lie.towns people when we dropped anchor, and the crowds of gaily-dressed people who thronged the Hoe, and the.strains of music which now and then came to us across the water, seedied 'to invite :us to. land and discover what manner of people inhabited tho -.quaint - old ttown. -now nlmosV'hidcfeii from bur view” . (to he continued.). 