PARLIAMENTARY NOTES. HOBABT, Wednesday. The Council tonight made rhort work with the Constitution Bill. All the members but two spokei and with the exception of five all condemned it as an insult to the privileges of the Chamber* and which at* tempted to drag it in the dust. On & division being taken ten votes were recorded Against the s cond reading, and five for. The bill was then ordered to be read that day six months. Although there was a great deal of lime wa6tod in the Assembly, fairly good progress was made in committee on the i&come; tax, Ministers carrying all their clauses despite strenuous opposition from the leaders of ihc Opposition. The most important alteration was that of making incomes of £100 from wealth pay Lax, but £80 exemption is to be allowed, exemption from personal exertion remaining unaltered. Smuggled Goods. — Yesterday a very large quantity of gold and silver watches and jewellery of various descriptions was disposed of by public auction at Messrs. W. T. Bell and Co.'s mart. The goods were those seized and contiscatcd a few weeks back by the Customs Department from a passenger from Melbourne, who tried to evade the duties, and who was heavily fined for the offcnce. A considerable sum was realised by the sale, at which there was a large attendance and keen competition. Mission to Police. — Mesdames Baker and Johnson, two ladies who are associated wUh a mission at the head of which is a wealthy English lady, Miss Gurne)', arrived in Launceston visterday. The chief object of the mission is to extend Christian work among the police, and the ladies in question are touring the colonics, visiting the various ptiucipal police stations. To-night a tea mivciiug will be held at the Memorial Church, to which members of lbe force have been invited. Noutuebn Tasmanian Bkeedebr', FANC1EB6', AND DA1BY PBODUCE ASSO CIATION— A well-attended meeting of the above association was held at Messrs. Par sonage aud Kilby'e on Tuesday evening last, Mr D. Shields occupying the chair. Arrange ments wwc road*.1 for country exhibiiors so ts to allow them U- Imve their r-xbiidls iu by lOoYlwk on the lirst. imtrniuo of the show. A Hill further number of specials were handed iu to i he s- crctary, and will be pubiibiicd in the daily papers and also on ihe back of the entry forms. An extra class was made cf boards, red or yellow, and ex hibiJ-orsare particularly reqac*--ed to notice that, classes r-», 54, H'J, 15G, If, 7, 150, ]---;, Kill, 178, ISO should n-ad 'any other color.' An additional prize was also added to each of the homing racea. St. Joux'e Miseion House.— The com plete list of members formiug the council of St. John's Mission House was not published in the report of tbe annual meeting in yesterday's issue. It is as follows : — The clergy, deaconess (rr officio), together wHh the Rev. C. G, Wilkinson, M.A. ; Messrs. H. Gillclt, B.A., W. J. GenJers. M. E. Robin son, H. C. Littler, H. Brownrigg, C. Barton, H. Burling; Mesdames Bushman, Gooch, Wctton ; Misses Westbrook and Davcy; with tbe treasurer (Mr W. Martin) end the secretary (Mr F. J. Read), Oub better halves say they could not keep house without Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. It i6 usi-d in more than half the homes io Loed6. SiMb Bbo*-., Leeds, Iowa. This shows the esteem in which that remedy ie bold where it has been 6o|d for years anil is wclJ-fcoown. Mothers hare learned that there is nothing so good for coldB, cronp, and whooping cough, that.it cures these ailments quickly and permanently, and that it is pleasant and safe for children to take. For sale by all? dealers.— Hatton and Laws, General Agents. MunioipXl iliTTlBBS.— paring yesterday a petition wa*thflau&Util;,\fSigne-i addressed 1 to His Worship ta&jlfayofc;', as follows ^ s1 ** We, 'hr undpjylgneS. £at-'pavere of the a city of LaunbeBton, _,-do hereby tespe&t-; r fully request youJto convene a public 4 meeting of the citltcns, to be held at me ^ Albert Hall at an early date, for the ptifpo&o; i of considering the qnestigns in connection d with the electric lighting contifcfcti tbe a xecent appointment of the jcity electrician.' t l^ttr'R. Walmslft&pffeented; the , 'petition to I I the Mayor, who. fatryOTe&Jt; is stated, de- s cllned to accede to^tn^yTquest on the I grounds that the object of the 'meeting was - not clearly set .forth, and the appointment oi i the electrician bad already been .settled. It t is understood, however, the matter will cot i rest at this stage, but that a public meeting i of citisens will be called probably .Jor Mon- - day evening. £ 1 Zenana Sale op Wobk. — Thoyeccond j annual sale of works in aid of the nana mission in India was continued yeatprday afternoon and evening at the Tabernacle 1 school-room, Cimitiere-street, Theresas % ] small attendance of the public dtitu& the afternoon, but the ladies were kept busy 1 preparing for an excellent tea, to which .' about 160 people sat down.. Alter .thetea 1 was over an entertainment, nnder the man- 1 agemcnt of Mrs MaoCartby,wasglven, consist- j ing principally of a number of lantern views, illustrative of a tour in China. Between the views a violin soto, with an organ accom paniment by Miss Kysh, was admirably ren dered by Mr A. Joscelync, and a quartette, I ' Reek of Ages,' sung by Misses Rawson (2) - and Messrs. Ratcliff. and Winter, gained the approbation of the audience. After- the en- - tertainmcnt was over a hearty vote of ' thanks was accorded Mrs MacCartV - audience then adjourn** ' 'aL'lic where a good r' ' .m the BAle-room, due *r ? resulted. Qreat Jsredit is , cf 'tAG molei who promoted the sale, Untie! the guidance of Mrs Braham, the energetic pteiideht ot tbe movement, CbGlLfa tinde.' MtN&TBEb; COfrgAOT.-r An adtetttfcemeplj.a^bjittpes ibe a-ltenjt of ^hc^bov.e c6mbicatibu next ilohday -night, Se^t^mber $, at thb Abademy of .AlusiOi The axiom of ' good wine needs too bush M may with all . justice be applied to the Coglll RtTM.'pntortatinmprifo, WU-h wnnanal aud modesty Messes. Cogill Bros, in their play-bills and advertisements do not ' puff ' their own abilittes, feeling auurcd no doubt that the public have formed a very favor 1 able opinion of their capabilities both as performers and entrepreneurs, but to 'make , assurance doubly sure ' take care that the ! artistcB supporting them are among those of the fir^t night, feUd wHo ore likely to find favor vath, and please their patrons. On this occasion, therefore, the pick of the variety profession has been secured, and with new music, wardrobe, and scenic effects, and popular prices, the minstrels hope to fully ' sustain their exoellent reputation achieved ' in the past, and present a programme \- that will please the- most fastidious. * The programme will be a lengthy and varied one, and there will be abundance of tbe ' laugh and grow fat' element in its prc ' sentation. The array of talent is headed by ! the u flying meteor' (as he is described), Ouda, who has been engaged at considerable j expense to produce his wonderful and un» rivalled entertainment, and following hiu ' ate — Mr Alfred Lawton and Miss Clara * SpehCer, specialists ; Miss Emmie Morrison, ; tlie favorite serio Comic ; Mr Teddy Ford, in i his iunn;isms; Messrs. Gus Gregory and ^ Tom Queen, comedians and dancers ; tbe \- Gray Sisters, 60ng and dance | Miss Stella , iudor, ladies' serio comic soubrettui Jules . Simooscn, and Charles Norwood, Miu Fannie [j Laogley and Miss Nita Clark, popular _ vocalists ; and Misses Ethel Clifford, May ' Arlea, Dora Reld, all Terpsichorcan de r votccs. The ngna! ballet is not omitted, and , last, hut by no means least, arc the Cogills, g who arc hosts in themselves. i Rkquieu MA6S- — An impressive cere . mouy was conducted at the Church of the ' Apostles yesterday morning in the presence t of a very large congregation. It was stated r a fortnight ago that news had been re l ceivcd by the Very Rev. Dean Beechinor of tbe death of his mother at the ripe age of e 66 years, which sad event occurred at her l residence, Killeagh, County Cork, Ireland, f She was the sister of the Archbishop of 1 Hobart (Most Rev. Dr. Murphy) and was * his senior in years. Of her brothers two 1 became priests— one who died at an early l age, and the other the venerable prelate who 1 presides over thisarcbdioccee. Of her sisters t, two became nuns — one whose name is still honored with us as the foundress of the Presentation Convents in this colony, and I another who died in the Presentation Con 3 vent in Bandon, near her native district. . At the mass celebrated in the Church of . Apostles yesterday,! two sons of the deceased I —the Very Rev. Dean and the Rev, M. J. L Becchinor — and adaughter — the Rev. Mother , of the Presentation Convent — were present, l the Dean being celebrant of the mass and r Father Michael Beechinor the deacon. The * sab-deacon wae the Rev. J. J. M'Kernan 1 (Longford), and master of the ceremonies the tiev. Martial Mary, M,A. (Campbell Town). The office for the dead was chanted before tbe commencement of the mass, the chanters being the Very Rev, Dean O'Connell and Father Mary, while amongst the other priests present were the Rev6. F. Nelan, T. I Higgins (Westbury'), aud J. O'Mahony. The I beautiful chant of the office was given effectively by the chanters, and the rendition of the regviem during the mass by the choir was also very impressive. A catafalque draped in mourning, with lights, was placed in front of the altar, and the whole appear ance of the interior of the sacrcd edifice was suggestive of the sad event whioh had taken place. The sorricc was a lengthy one, ex tending over two hours, and the large cou gregation paid much attention to the whole proceedings, much symiiathy going forth to the sons and the daughter of the Ucoeascd. At tbe conclusion of the mass the Dean gave the Brnedirto ttvper tumulum, after which the proceedings concluded. Dbuids' Social.— A social gathering in connection with the Tamar Lodge, U.A.O. Druids, took place at the Cornwall Assembly Room last evening. This lodge was started some three years ago, and at that time con sisted of 2S members. Since then it has made rapid strides, and now numbers over 100 financial members, with funds amount ing to upwards of £200, which arc invested in good securities. Mr W. C. Oldham was elected as the secretary of the lodge at its inception, and still holds that position, and it is mainly owing to his energy that the young lodge has made Buch good progress. Bome time back the committee found it neccssary to purchase a piano for the use of the lodge, it being thought it would be a means of im provement to the members, and be very use ful for lodge purposes. The order is com* posed principally of young persons, and the social last night is intended as the first of a series, which will be held at regular in tervals for the double purpose of bringing the members together, and inducing new ones to join, and also to assist in liquidating the debt due on the piano. The gathering waB a most successful one from every point of view. AI-out 90 couples took part in. the daucing, which was kept up till after mid night. Mr Gerald Shepherd made a most cfticient M.C., and wae well assisted by Mr Oldham, while the music was supplied by Miss Heald, piano ; Messrs. H. and A. Collins, violins ; and Mr J. Smith, flageolet. An excellent Bupper was provided by the ladies, and was tastefully laid out in the large supper-room upstairs, and was well enjojed by all. The room was nicely decora ted until flags and evergreens, and gathering was a most pleasant oue, and greal praise being due to Mr Shields, district president of the lodge, and the committee for the manner in whicb the arrangements were carried out.' Tbinity Collem-: Mubicm- Examina tions. — From Mr 11. L. Smith, the local secretary for the Trinity College, London, we learn that Mr M. B. Foster may Ijij ex Sected here the first week in November to old the musical examinations in conncction with the above institution. CAKE Faib —The ladies who are working in the interest of the Lanoceston City and Suburbs Improvement Association are in teresting themselves in the matter of a cake fair. Arrangements have been made that Lady Braddon will open tbe fair, and, so as to inducc competition in the various classes, prizes consisting of handsome sprayB of* filagree jewellery, made by Mrs Webster, will be offered, Tbe St. Joseph's Band have tendered their services in the interest of the movement. 1 SALViriONlABMY O VK U-S E^ Co W)NY -- 'he chlojB bf the Salvation Army have'novv ubmitted details of tbrJr over-S' a . colony., ohemelo the Dominion Government, 'They * epudifiVe (according to the Cenadioh 9atettfy the idea that tbe scum of London b . to' bu dumped upon Canadian aollj thay ritend to send ' ouly the very besb'and* most leslrable settlers.' and tlicyahk ior. a lract if land to be maac tirer to General Booth in rust for the army. A bonus of so much a )oad on suitable ImmigratitfeisalBO one of the itipulalions, a loan being made to the^army, ft lib repaid by the number of responsible md fit BcttlerB taken to Canada. - The army A-ould pnt 126,000 Jol . into the sobems at 25,000dol a year lor Several rt&reWter.;^' Not only would emigrants be jent out byithC! army from England,' says Commandant Booth, Hbufcs-.hnndrcds of ' families in the Dnitod States, In Australia, in Scandinavia, and all ovar the world who bsve been brought under the influence of the army, and do not rcqulre any financial assistance, would flock to Canada, to live, work, die, and be buried in a colony whioh wu being operated by their brethren of .the Balvation Army.' If the schcmc provides ouly for tbe «? very best and most desirable settlers,' and if its adoption W 3 old result in a rush of immigrant* 'not requiring financial assistance,1 ' then a good deal can be said for It, so far as Canada is concerned. But the popular notion of it hitherto has been something rather different from that. The Wesleyan Conpebence.— 'For the the first time io its history the Weslevan Conference is meeting this year atlPI v~ -*?- ? ? The business of the n— opened odT-- --evor&l; fi&ulon; was ;? ' — mbost, July 28Xsays thcjTVmM), n.ing*Btreet Chapel, the retiring president, the Rov. Walford Green, in the chair. At the afternoon session the new president, Dr. D. J. Waller (who has been secretary of the Conference for several years) waB formally inducted by his predecessor, who handed over to him the insignia of office, including tjie Bible sa,id jib. have been imcd by John Wesley, Tlie president, in his address, took a most hopeful view of tlie position and prospects of Methodism. Never before in the history of their Churoh bad they such a chance of makinga grand forward movement Their plant was never so complete or free from debt, their organisationncvor so perfec ted, or their forces so carefully trained. Their greatest need was that which bad been at all times and everywhere the indispensable need of the Church- the presence -and power of the Holy Ghost. It was of the utmost im portance that they efcfiuld bo in sympathy with the age in whicti they had tH live end work. The (Juickcning of the spiritual life aud the bouodless activity of the Estab lished Church were among the most remarkable facts of the last half-century. The Anglican Church was one of the most aggressive of the present day ; but Metho dists could not forget, and could not afford to forgi t, the origin and history of the High Church movement, nor be blind to the fact of its sacerdotal tendencies. The zeal, ac tivity, aud success of the Anglican com munity constituted a special reason why they should more than ever concentrate themselves to the spread of evangelical principles. Much as Methodism was ueeded 1 to-day, there were'not wanting signs that it might be more needed in the future. They must conserve and consolidate every inte rest of their Church, and stand resolute by the smallest rural cause and village school, while ut the same time they advanced their force along the whole line of operation. Whilst they had many requirements, one of I their grcalefic needs was piayer. Their very I work required that they should be men of prayer. Tbe members of the Early Closing Asso ciation arc reminded ot ihc meeting to be held iu the class-room, Mechanics' Institute, this evening, at 8 o'clock, to arrauge details of the assistance to be rendered in connec tion with the football match in aid of the charities. The annual meeting of the shareholders in tho Masonic Hall Company will be held on Tuesday, 24th September. The half-yearly meeting of the Launces ton Savings Bank will be held at 11*30 p.m. to-day. A meeting of the Wcs!e\ an Band of Hope will be held this evening. The Salvation Army mil to- night render tho ' Harvest field,' accompanied with lime light illustrations. Mr Thomas M'K.eozie, 175 Charles-street, annoDdceajthe arrival of a consignment of half-tester bedsteads. 