— — — i : : wesleyan district synods; SYDNEY EAST. The flnance session of tihe Sydney East District Session was opened in the Flinders- street Schoolroom yesterday fmorning. In ad dition to tbe ministerial representatives pre- sent the following laymen /answered to their names:— Messrs. R. D. Slppe, H. French, G. C. Taylor, F. J. Thomas, J.'. Parker, C. Wil liams, E. L. Packerlng, R. iWatklns, J. Terry, C. Tuke, R. Johnstone, WJ Simmons, A. Wil- lard, W. Hambley, D. Flnliayson, T. E. Cork- hill, J. W. Cousins, J. W. Wiseman, H. A. Craven, J. SomervlUe, J.' Thomas, J. Vlckery, Brack, Armstrong, A'ustin,.1 and Trewather. On the motion of the JAev. J. Gardiner a division of tho Newtown ; circuit was recom mended. A motion that the Wollongong circuit be di vided was, after discussicin. withdrawn. Application from the Kogarah circuit to be relieved of a married /minister for the en suing year was refused. The annual statistical returns were reported as follow Churches, 49:; -number of sittings. 12.129; school buildings./ 138; members, 1846 (increase S3); members on trial, 169; adherents, 15,200; Sunday-schools, '15; scholars, 7259 (In crease 266); bands of hope, 28; enrolled mem bers, 2394. It was resolved: "Thnt we record our grati tude to God for the success He lias graciously granted, especially In an Increase in the mem bership of the Church, as well as in other departments of our work. We deeply regret that in some branches, we report a decrease. We recognise as our supreme need a richer baptism of the Holy Ghost. We .devote our selves with increased prayer and earnestness to God, and to tho htallowcd toll wo lovo so well." The Rev. George Laaie was elected represen tative to tbe conference stationing commit tee. and the Rev. John Gardiner, with Messrs. J. Vlckery and T. E. Corkhill, to the distri bution committee. Permission was given for the sales of par sonage site at Tentpo Park, parsonage at Cleveland-street, old church at Barrengerrey, and parsonage at Milton; and to tbe leasing of land at Wesley Church, and at Randwlck. Applications for permission to build churches At Oatley and Jamberoo were upheld. Tho Rev. Dr. Sellors having Informed the district synod of his intention to retire from tho office of clerical general secretary of the Church Sustentatlon and Extension Society, It was resolved — "That we hereby express and record our high appreciation of the valuable services rendered to the society and to our church in the colony, during the seven years of Dr. Sellors's occupancy of the office, by his continuous visitation of the circuits in city and country, his able advocacy of the society's claims. Ills wise counsels and ever-ready sym pathy with ministers and church officers, and his unflagging zeal in promoting the Interests of the Wesleyan Methodist Church, and of the kingdom of Christ In New South Wales." The foreign mission report showed a de crease in the amount of contributions. Dr. Brown pleaded for more liberal assistance to the missoin fund, and was eloquently supported by the Rev. Frederick Langham, who showed that in Fiji, as a result of our mission work, the Wesleynn Church has more members than In all the five Australian colonies, and that last year Fiji olo.ie contributed £5000 to foreign missions. On the important subject of Methodist union the Rev. A. J. Webb moved — "That whereas- the report from tho Federal Council was not in tho hands of the members of the synod until the time of Its first session, and there fore the members had no opportunity of giving to It tho consideration which its Importance demands, and whereas the resolutions of the general conference having relation to Method ist union are merely recommendatory and per missive, this synod recommends that no further steps be taken towards pledging or ganic union until some definite and practical plan of financial and circuit adjustment has been matured by the Federal Council, sub mitted for approval to the quarterly meetings, trustees' meetings, and district synods: also to the people of the churches concerned, and endorsed by tlie Annual Conference." Tho motion was seconded by the Rev. John Gar diner, and after discussion carried by 33 votes to 3: an amendment, moved by Dr. Brown— "That tho motion end at the words 'Federal Council' "—being lost by 39 to 3. The report of the church finance committee engaged the attention of the synod until its adjournment at 10 p.m. 