eLAOKEI^Y. ' But still his tongue ran on, And, with it* everlasting olack, Bet all men'« ears upon the raok.'— HtTDIBBM. The general meeting of the Labor and Political League has been postponed, in compliment to the Rev. A. TurnbuU, ae that gentleman is suffering from a heart affection, which renders quietness, as far as possible a necessity. The meeting will be held at an early date, when it is hoped an energetic executive will be appointed. Mb. Gbo. T. Collins, the active and hard-working partner of the oldestab lished firm of MesBrs. Douglas and Col linB, has at last consented to discuss poli tics. He iB going to oppose the Hon. Audley Coofce, who hangs on the seat for Tamar in the Upper House. It iB on the cards that Mr. Cameron, of Deloraine, will have a try for the same eeat ; but if Mr. CollinB sticks to his intention he will win in a walk. There is not much to choose from, though it is time the Hon. Audley got his conge. At the Cascade Reformatory fire, girls from the Home of Mercy acquitted them selves as mea, in carrying buckets of water and rescuing the furniture from the adjoining houses, which were in im minent danger: Tee, unfortunate mothers of from apparently 17 to 20 years of age, proved that they were made of better stuff than to be wantons' toys. The Brough-Boucicault Company return to Hobart from Launceston on Monday evening next, when the farcial comedy of 'Niobe' will be staged as a farewell rrformance of the troupe here. As there not likely to be the ghost of a chance of this comedy being repeated in Hobart for some length of time, it is certain that the theatre will be filled, as it is one of the brightest in the repertoire of this splendid company. The Muckery dishclout occasionally comes out of its shell and perpetrates a joke with a blissful ignorance and un consciousness that is rather refreshing in its incongruity. The other day a special cablegram descanted in some detail upon the doings of Mr. Nelson, the premier of Queensland, who had been doing some thing round Sydney way, and then wound up by casually mentioning that he was coming to Hobart by tea. ' Bushranging eti canvas ' is the some what novel title of a series of pictures executed and shown by Mr. Maroney at the Exhibition, illustrative of the days of old when, they roamed the bush of Australia and kept even the police in terror. Rolf Boldrewood's famous storv ' Bobbery Under Arms' has been touched upon for the ever romantic Starlight and his gang with other events historically true. So impressed was the Sydney Government at one time with the absolute necessity for encouraging so good an artist that the Sydney mounted constabulary were placed at his disposal r« obtain life sketches of the incidents referred to. Afieb at the Cascade Beformatory was the sensation of last Sunday after noon. The boys worked well, especially a lad named Hawkes, in keeping the fire from spreading, which they succeeded in doing, although with some difficulty, as their equipment had been caught in the fire before the alarm was given. As the last flames shot up, leaving the dere lict buildings a smouldering cinder heap, the wild-eyed firemen arrived upon the scene, and then commenced the comedy, for they were in extra good nick, pro bably owing to the close proximity of the brewery and the breeze blowing from that quarter. However, there was but little legitimate work to be done.acd the caloric fiends were driven to dragging to pieces the stones forming the fireplace and squining the water upon the hot stones, for they were determined to get steam, even if the fire had not been obliging enough to wait to be put out. In athletics matters baye been dull, but a promise of a change is held out in the shape of a couple of boxers from Mel bourne, who are expected here shortly to find their weight. Harry Miller and Albury Clifford offer to meet these gentle men on their merits, provided they do not run too much over the between-ten-and eleven weights, and a meeting mil iiKeiy be arranged for about Cup eve, when an endeavor will be made by our local friends not to disgrace the land they live in. The boys of the Boys' Home are to be afforded a treat this afternoon in the shape of a ride upon the steam circus, which holds its own in Macquarie-street as a place of amusement at small rates for the General public. ..; Through tickets for the Coal Biver Volley by Burn's royal moil coachjire issued fromBellerive to Richmond, affording- tourists n delightful 16 wile drive at cheap rates. The Bridge Hotel at Bichmond is a halting place where every ac commodation will Iwfonnd; horses, buggies, bo™«, fresh and salt water fishing, Bhootinfr and other pastimes being always available. M «ssn. H. Joucs and to. remind growers of fruit that the Bret steamer loaves next inont firm iit'-fciteateT cofoVcJiettWa thto can be at quired eleewliAtei And it served him right. An ingenious dead beat named,Wi}Hani Parker has been. Lxfh the rounds strapping the' equally jn [enious, and of tenptaeB as hard up. tuwh-. louse keepers, bnt he struck a snag. .His acquaintance with Mr. Charles Jflok was .only to the amount of 6a „ but the beak,, Who is thoroughly respectable and never wanted a meal in his lite, had no sympathy with the offender and so jugged him for, six months. Whew! Take warn jng all ex-civil servants and unemployed. , AB a sample of the money grubber Gor manston stands top, and as t-nis mountain of nonentity is the leader of sassiety, he contributes largely to making times hard and money scarce, for it is now positively fashionable to be mean and opntemptlble. ; His Excellency has put up his record another notch by refusing to contribute to the regatta fund. ? ? i The. standard of proficiency attained by the choir of St. Joseph's has been so far attributable to the energy of Mr. E. Mulcahy, M.H.A., who dates back to a 20 years' record, that it was .concluded to give him a pionic on Wednesday last, out of a feeling, pf appreciation for, his work during the, time he has acted as con ductor. Mr. Mulcahy took. the place of the late Mr. Henry Hunter, some 10 years ago, on the occasion of that gentleman leaving for Queensland, and he now give* way ?© Mr, O. Roper. A most enjoyable afternoon was spent, the picnic being quite free from, anything in the shape pf conventionality, Mr. Mulcahy ooming in for a good share of deserving praiee for his past efforts with the choir. Over a year has passed since the last circus visited us, and lovers of the spangles and sawdust- shows were beginning to - wonder when the next one would turn up. Burton's circus, one of the oldest in Aus tralasia, is announced to arrive at an early date. It is a compact affair, and one which has scored successful tours for many year*. From advanced accounts the show is an excellent one and should draw. At Old. Beach there is a good deal of the lick spittle business apparent. This occasionally comes to the front in a style which is painfully obviouB It ? was especially very evident at a recent oon cert where the Dobsonian element pre vailed ,and where even the very dumb creatures did homage to the wretched attempt atsecuring cheap notoriety on the fiartof oertain persons whooughttohave mown better, and who, if they oould have seen themselves as others eaw them, would have, collapsed out of very shame facednesB. The old-time show of Punch and Judy, dear to our childish memories, never can grow old. They have improved it almost out of existence at times, but the real Mackay still will stand triam hant and alone. Professor Beokford has revived the old fashioned comedy of the murderous and ghost haunted Punch at the Exhibition, and it is assuredly one ct the features of attraction A sudGESTivE piece of furniture in a Glebe rsside^oe is an exhibition seat at least it looks like one, forof oouwe the house, or the lady either, cannot have any connection with the Exhibition. How oould it ? The thought was sug gested by an evil-minded person who ooked over the fence and saw it there. He tried to make mischief out of it. But how in the name of all that is virtuous and respectable upon (he face of the earth could an Exhibition seat get near the residence of such a lady as this ? Preposterous. The idea is as absurd us the creation of it is foul minded. Why tacre it is diable. She had chased the old party she laid a claim to, all round the Exhibition one day and had lost him by the slaughter house. So her grief and indignation knew no bounds, and when the Honorable Soand so asked her to put through a lovey dovey nyum-nyum time of it with him up Macquarie-street, she treated old Na poleon Kerosine to a sample of some of that lofty scorn, which can only be at tempted with any degree of success by fluffy feathered damsels of the Lady Orreyd cIrss (before they have caught their big fish,} and walked out, But the advent of my Lord's legal spouse upon the scene mixed matters a little bit, and, having only recently undergone a some what similar experience with old Na polean and his 'missus,' she concluded it was better to eby off. And po she made no more ado, but quietly wandered around Park-street, and letting herself in by the back way went to bed. The next morning finding that there was not more than enough of the good things of this life to satisfy the cravings of the inner woman, she sat down and thought awhile. Then she sent a fierce and wrathful mespape around to her old Napoleon, full of such lurid threats and vague phrases tbat he came up promptly to the knocker and handed down the needful. So noVf all is lovely onoe more and peace again reigns over the dove cot. Bbidqeb Bros,, of Elizabeth -street, have made their mark in basketmaking as also in the fishing tackle trade, and are showing a moot complete stock. Their establishment well deserves a visit, if only to see the innnmberable number of devices to capture the wary little/ fishes. She was a poem, an epic poem in hair, and might have been a Zulu princess in disguise, and to have the insult put upon her of a shower bath of ale was indeed too much. What though it were Cas cade and she being only clothed in a white bodice— that is about her shoulders —had hidden beauties brought to light. Then the band commenced to play, for sho is a first-class musician and he felt mean, whilst Bhe said he was something in the poultry line— a nasty mean Tas m&nc; hen to play such a foul joke. Then the only doctor present offered to write out death certificates for anybody and everybody, and being a man of muscle he felt fit for the job. Yah ! how the boys do occasionally enjoy them Messrs. Archibald Bros, have run the extraordinary illusion of amphrodite at the Exhibition with a marked success, and those who have seen the floating lady come out too puzzled for anything. The Garrison band givrs a concert m the new reservf, opposite the railway station, to-mwrow aftertfdtto in aid ot batttttwBU ¥? Eafcfon. Epochs M the %id grabg-l^rhajj Th'e'little^omptoyofYoney^^ferfTkept^ learn that the new season's IXL jam can J now be obtained from any#rae|. *Sll* Jones and Co. guarantee thfefiuTflfiy tSbe essential to the well being of. swans ladies that they nhould foOowJCKe* dictates of theTJeachifigi ofWrTUUlBl^* stone and drink nothing atf^ager than lemonade was amply instanced near the Dromedary on New Year's .night when a sweet young creature ?? suoked the sponge '[ a bit too freely. She had three lovers once, a Chinaman, * worm killer, and a oousin. She fell down three times, and busted two gloves and a shoe. Which makes up three times three the unluoky number nine. But now she has no lovers and the state of loneliness, into which Bhe has fallen is a natural sequel to the state of hysteria Bhe found herself on that sad New Year's night when she busted up things. ' It's a way they have of doing tilings in Hobart,' he said. But then he was only a stranger, and so his words didn't count for very much. It, was on the occasion of the fire in Murray- street joBfc as it broke out. The fooroe was -on the alert and endeavoring to impress upon the assembled multitude (two men, a boy, and a dog) that they were very efficient indeed. When they paused blowing their whistles to take breath a poor deluded ass suggested that there might be some one inside, and as the fire did not appear to be very much of a conflagration, a half pint of beer might put it out, and as 'another idiot said the flamed might be successfully extinguished somewhat after the method adopted by Dean Swift's shipwrecked sailorjia Liliputia when the Queen's palace . caught alight. Rut the exponents of law antt order looked go fiercely at those who madc«uch ridiculous suggestions that they quailed before their glances and feu back. In the meantime the fire {got a good hold, and when the brigade came thunder ing up, at the rate of nearly two miles an hour, it was burning right merrily. This' gave rise to that foreigner's remark. The -rigade ought to have turned the hose upon him, abd then he wonld have remembered a : way they had in Hobart. Advance Tas mania, The St. Kilda choir, under the guidance of Mr. J. S. Summers, carried, during last week, b must successful season; so much so, indeed, that in musical circles it was impossible longer to hold them in Hobart.. Another monopoly caving in. Huddart; ; Parker, and Co. h&re; decided to unlBr take the shipment of fruit per the Aber deen .liners at 2d. per case, and as this com petition is offering carriage to England at 3s. 9d. per case instead of 4s. 3d. growers will have an opportunity ot this year showing a balance on the right side of their ledger, Excursions up the D, V, line of railway are notified elsewhere at reduced tsates. Tne Smith- Harvey patent safety kerosine lamp, which barns brightly ana nightly at the Exhi bition, 1ulr commanded an amount of attention calculate! to impress the most Boeptical of 1U illuminating powers. It saves oil, doe* not smell, throws a soft light, and u a re&din; lamp bis virtues only described by the adver tisement. ? 