In a Monster's Jaws. Stirring Adventures/with. tyons in tho Hottentot Country. ' Tho Wondorfal Strongth of tho King of ' Boaets— Sonsationsof nMnn Who Was ' Carried Half n HUo Eotwcon tu> i Toot of a Hntio Brute. ' ; While trapping Hons in tlio Hottentot icountry for tho Hamburg animal house I had opportunities for seeing the king of Ibeasts at his best and for mnjring close ob servations of his traits of character, writes (a correspondent. Wo were onco camped in ,a grove on the bank of a creek, our party .numbering over thirty Seoplc. The bank on 'the other side was rocky ground,' pretty jthickly covered with Bcrub, and right on the brink stood one of the largest lions I ever saw. Ho was out in fait view, head and tail up, and stood so still for a moment that T doubted if he was alive. We had a now milch cow tied to tho wheel of one of the waggons, and the lion advnnced to within thirty feet of her and then made a spring which landed hira fairly upon her hack. Sho fell in a heap, and ho seized her by the neck, gnvc her two or three shakes, which broko tho grass rope arou: d her head, and then he got his right shoulder under her and started ofE. The cow weighed at Iea3t five hundred poundB, but he carried her with perfect ease, her hind feet dragging on the ground. At the creek he made a jump of eleven feet, ascended a sloping bank without a bait, and soon disappeared in tho broken ground with his prey; He woo gone before we had a gun ready. About four months inter, on tho Orange Eiyer, I had a close call for my life, with no one at band to aid me by distracting the at tention of the lion. . 1 bnd only one white' man with me, and he was ill of fever. Wo had dug a pit on a path frequented by liona' coming down to drink, but were much annoyed by other animale falling into it. On the first night, after the natives had driven several useless animals away, a large lion and lioness came down tho path. When firot discovered the lion was ahead, but ho got tho scent of my men, who were stationed in a tree, oud stopped short to growl and sniff, while the lioness, who was perhaps very thirsty, advanced slowly and went down into the pit. The pit was two miles from our camp, and we heard nothing of the row whioh took place when the. lion discovered the trick played on his 1 mate. Ho tore around liko mad, and then lay down at tho foot of the tree and besieged the men. As soon ns it wns daylight I loft camp on horseback' to ride ever and seo what luck. I rode ' straight for the place, and when within forty, rods called to tho men. They answered at once, and though X could not tnukc out what, they said I knew they wore excited over something, I was riding nroiind a clump oi| trees on to on open spnee, .when my horsel suddenly, started, Next instant I wns on the ground and the lion standing ovhr me, and I could hear the horse tearing away through tho scrub like mad. Tbe lion had pulled, me down, tearing the back out of my coat, vest, and shirt, but not drawing blood with his ' claws. As in the previous ease, I was not fright. ' ened, becnuse it had occurred so suddenly that I had not time to lose my nerve. I was on my left aide, bareheaded, and the lion stood for a moment with bis paw on my right shoulder looking nfter tho horse. ' The natives saw the fleeing horse, knew very well what had happened to me, and at once! descended the tree and made for camp. I did not blame them, and perhaps that very' action saved my life. X had time to collect my thoughts in that single minute, and, n«Ij hnd_ routed oncdion by barking liken. dog, 1, decided to follow' tbesnme plan in thiBcase.' But, as I said at the beginning, lions are 'as unliko hb men. At my' first bark this fellowi growled savagely and gave me n terrible bit'el in the hip. Had levied out at that or made' any strcgg.e »e weald bnvo finished me at once. I repressed my fcoiiugs and playod dead. I bad a rcvolverstrapped to my back, but it would not do to reach for it. After biting me the lion watched and waited foij signs of life, and when be could detect none he seized my right shoulder in his teeth, gave mo a shake and a twist, and next moment I was being carried oil on his back, His teetb did not touch my flesh, and ns I lay almost across him on my Bide my band struck the butt of, tbe revolver. I had it out of the bolstor in a second, and then I felt I had n show. Whether the beast felt any movement or not he growled at in tervals, and his breath came back o'n me so ' strong that I wns nnusented. - I intended to fire into bim as be carried me along, but he was swaying about so that 1 dared not risk it. After carrying me hnlf-a-milo through the scrub and over brokengroumi tho lion halted at the head of the ravine; in which he doubtless had his lair. Ho turned about as if to see if pursuit had been made, and the muzzle of the pistol came against his loft hip. I fired at once, and the next instant wns flung in a heap on the earth, while the lion uttered a scream of pain, I was on my knees in a flash, but the beast was ten feet away, going round in circles and biting at tbe wound. He did not notice me in tbo least, and I sent another bullet in bim just back of tbe shonidcr. He uttered another scream, and instead of rushing at mo, as 1 fully expected, made a leap into tbe ravino, and X could bear bim running for oome die tance. I wns badly shaken up, but X lost no time in getting out of the neighborhood, and. in tbo course of ,an hour reached carap.j Nearly everybody was oat looking for me, See now bow inconsistently that lion acted. He came out into tho open ground and chnrged the party of ever twenty men, al though they had not disturbed him. Ho had run from mo in his surprise, and now felt ashamed of himself. He knocked over a native ds he charged, but wns riddled with ballets, and gave up. tho ghost. y 