Iptteratua. A MAN'S PRIVILEGE By DORA. RUSSELL, Author of 'A Country Sweetheart,' 'The Last Signal,' 'Footprints in tho Snow,-' 'The Broken Seal,' 'The Vicar's Gover ness,' &c.;, &c.; {Published by special arrangements with the author. All rights reserved.] Chaotkb XIII. — This Face in the Cab. Some weeks passed uneventfully for Florence Dane after she had given this crushing blow to Robert Loman'6 vanity. Stephen Wilde went constantly to Grosvenor-place and he also heard from Lady Leiiian that Florence had refused her stepson. ' Bob thinks she still cares for Mr. Herbert,' added Lady Leman. ? ' Stephen, are you keep ing anything back about this?' 'What do you mean? What can I be keeping back f he answered. It seems so strange about that girl. 'That she ran away with him? Florence Buubbed Herbert, after the little hints we gave her, and, as I think I told you before, he wast have consoled his vanity by making lovo to the other girl and she is a woman— well !' And Wilde gave an expressive shrug of his shoulders. ' I don't like my part it) it at all,' said Lady Leman. 'You did it for my sake; to help me,' answered Stephen Wilde, with a tender ring in his voice. ' Yi-s,' and Lady Lemau looked at him with her dark eyes ; *' to help you, Stephen, with out considering the feelings of the poor girl.' 'The poor girl's feelings will do very well, Judith. I think Florence actually likes me now.' '?. 'And you?' 'I like her. in. away. I've not got any love to give bejrj^as you know very well, but to marry her is an absolute necessity with me.' Lady Leman made no answer. She knew Stephen Wilde was speaking the truth about his affairs, as her husband and Robert Leman frequently alluded to his embarrassments. But she felt she had acted wrongfully to Florence Dane. She had erred for Wilde's sake ; for she sake of the love that still lingered in her breast for an unworthy man. But she liked the girl and her own unhappy marriage made her ever think distastefully of a loveless bond. For she knew too well — and .this gave her inward subtle happiness— that Stephen Wilde cared nothing really for his cousin. She believed that she herself was yet dear to him and this belief influenced all her life. Still her conscience was uneasy and Stephen Wilde saw this, though he did not fear that her loyalty to him would waver. He smiled indeed a little disdainfully to himself after he had left her, when she had told him that Robert Leman believed that Florence still loved George Herbert. 'now weak she is,' he thought; 'swayed hither and thither between what she calls good and evil. She did what I am about to do— did it with a vengeance too — married a disgusting old man, while Florence is really a good-look - ing.girl. But I liave no choice and I suppose she had none. It's easy for a rich man to walk on the straight path, but a poor fellow must wriggle his way up as best he can. If I win Florence I'll think myself a clever fellow, for I've had to fight against tremendous odds.1' Half an hour later he was with Florence and Was jesting about her refusal of Robert Leman. 'So, my dear,' he said gaily, 'I hear you have presented that notorious lady- killer, Bob Lemau, with a willow-branch.' ? Florence colored slightly. 'Who told you such nonsense?' she an Bwered. ' His step-mother told me. Bob's vanity is partly overwhelmed, vet ho declares that your affections must have been pre-engaged, or you never would have been so blind to his at tractions.' ' What folly !' said Florence, but the color deepened considerably on her oval cheeks. 'But it's true, isn't it, Flo?' 'I think such things should never be spoken of.' 'But imagine the feelings of the lady killer ! Bob has money in the bank ; Bob is the only Bon and heir of the valiant knight ; and Bob believed that the woman did not live in this world who would refuse him !' 'I wonder ho mentioned it.' . ' Ho was obliged to mention it. Sir Robert had fixed on it ; you were asked to dinner to give Bob his opportunity; Bob took his opportunity and failed, while his father was Bitting up to hear of his success. Oh 1 poor Bob r Florence could not help laughing. She was remembering the terms in which Bobert Lfiman had made his proposal. ' He's a clever actor, I think,' 6be said. ? 'Oh, cruel Flo! Is that all the pity you give to his broken lieart ?' ' 'I 4on'* believe in Iub broken heart,' ^nswered Florence, a little scornfully. 'Nor I, but still I believe he was woefully disappointed— and well he aright be.' Stephen Wilde said the last few words in rather a lower tone, but'Floreuce heard them. Then she begp.n talking of something else and the conversation drifted on to literature and here Wilde $'as in his element. Ho talked well, easily, and fluently, but all his words were more or less tinged with sarcasm. ' Each man fights for himself,' he said pre sently, 'and the strongest wins.' 'Yet I could believe in, self-sacrifice ; in forgetfulness of self,' answered Florence. That is because you are young and inno cent, my dear, and see the world only through your own pure eyes and not as it is. I am different.' For a moment a dark look crossed his face and he turned restlessly away. But only for a brief space. He either was, or affected to be, in extraordinary good spirits and remained to dine with Florence and they spent a very pleasant evening together. Yet the very next day such an extraordinary incident happened that Florence's peace of mind was, lor the time at least, again completely upset. Shu wa3 shopping during the afternoon in Oxford-street and her carriage was waiting for her outside. When she had completed her purchases she walked to the door, followed by a shopman carrying her parcels. As the shop man gave them to tier servant Florence's eyes chanced to fall ou a hansom cab passing down the street. The next instant she started violently and a vivid flush rose to her cheeks. In the hansom she was almost sure elie saw a face she knew — a face she never could forget — the handsome face of Nora Ford with its crown of golden hair. Florence was greatly agitated. The cab dis appeared swiftly in the crowd, but for a short time Florence stood gazing after it almost overcome. What did this mean? Nora Ford in London and not in India with George Her bert, as she was supposed to be? Florence asked herself this question again and again with a fluttering heart as she was driven home. She returned to Grosvenor-place at once and had scarcely got there when she sent a tele gram to Stephen Wilde to summon him to her side. He came in almost an hour and found Florence visibly disturbed. She was pale, she was trembling, and her sensitive lips quivered as she spoke. 'Stephen,' she said, taking his band, 'I've been so startled— I— I saw this after noon — someone ? ' ' Who did you see?' asked Stephen Wilde quickly. ' ' Someone whom I hoped never to see again — whom I have tried to forget— whose name I have never mentioned,' answered Florence, with agitation. ' Well, who was it?' 'Nora Ford,' answered Florence in a low concentrated voice. 'lam almost sure. I was standing :it a shop door in Oxford-street and she passed in a cab. I do not think I could be mistaken. What does this mean ?' An angry expression for an instant crossed Stephen Wilde's face. ' It means that you must have been mis taken,' hesaid a moment later. ' Nora Ford is not in London, but ia India with George ? Herbert.' ' But are you sure ?' 'I am quite sure that she went to India at least with him. I know a fellow who saw them together at Southampton, but as you said I had never to mention her name to you again I did not tell you of this before.' Floreuce heaved a long, quivering sigh, ' Can she have returned 1' she said. 'He-must have tired of her very soon, then. No, my dear Flo, you have mistaken someone else for her. She is not a very uncommon type, you know.' ' Yet I could almost swear I saw her face.' ' My dear, how could you ? It's absolutely impossible. Even if Herbert had turned her adrift it'e most unlikely she would be here. Put the idea out of your mind, Florence, I am sure it is an erroneous one, unless it was the poor lady's astral form that the spiritualists talk about.' And Stephen Wilde gave a shorty hard laugh. But Florence did not laugh. 'It is very strange,' she said slowly. 'I know her face so well — perhaps she may be dead.' ' Not she ! But dead or alive, do not think about her. Why. my dear Florence,' con tinued Wilde, taking her hand, 'it's given you quite a scare. You are quite pale.' ' It has given me a great shock ; it has brought it all back again — all that I wished to forget.' 'You must forget it. Flo, may I ring for a whisky-and-soda, for I came in such hot haste the moment I received your telegram that I feel I require a little extra support.' 'Order what you like, of course,' said Floreuce ; but she found that for many clays after she could not forget the haunting face she had seen in the cab. Chapter XIV. — Wobobx Hall. Among the many possessions which Florence Dane had inherited from her uncle was one which she had never seen, a country house called Woburn Hall. Mr. Dane had purchased this proiierty shortly before his sudden death, intending to take Florence there in the spring. But no spring days were fated to dawn for him again. Yet when the chill February days couie round Florence felt a strange wish to see for the first time her country home. A change would do her good she felt. A complete change of scene, and so she decided to leave town for a while. But when she told Stephen Wilde of her intentions ho did not look over well-pleased. ' I hope you 11 invite me down there,' he said. 'Yes,' answered Florence, smiling, 'you can come down on Saturday evening sometimes and stay over Sunday and that will not inter fere with your work. ' But what if I get sentimental, Flo, among the snowdrops and the icicles ?' 'Please do not get sentimental.' 'Well, I'll do my bast, but— I cannot be quite certain, you know. And this baronial residence of yours, what is it like ?' ' An old grey handsome house, poor uncle told me j he party furnished it, you know.' ' Is it haunted ?' 'That I cannot tell you, but I hope not.' ** I hopo.not, too ; spirits are uncanny com pany to my niind. But when are you going? I had better go down with you and see you safely settled.' 'Oh, no, I'll do verywelL I'll take Mrs. Mitohen and Banks with me and I must have the place put in order before I can receive compamy, 'And you look upon me as company ?' v' A mad is always iu the way, you know,' answered Florence brightly, 'wh'ou . thhigrB are out of order. Women can put up with discomforts, but they cannot. leu t that quite true, now?' 'I believe, my dear, it is ! Men can rough it as a rule ; beur real hardships, but when it conies to the small annoyances of life 1 must confess they are somewhat selfish.' 'I nm glad you confess it ! Wait then till my carpets are put down and my rooms well aired and everything is comfortable, and then I shall be glad to see you at Woburn.' Stephen Wilde laughed. ' What a cruel little girl you are,' he said, 'to condemn a fellow by his own words. Come, Florence, I ain- not as bad a3 that. I am willing to risk draughts, ghosts, and icicles for your sake if you will allow me.' Florence smiled and shook her head. ' No,' she said ; ' and I will promise when I have discovered the haunted chamber that you shall not be put into it.' 'When are you really poing then?' ' Tho day after to-morrow — Thursday.' 'Well, 1 shall come and see you off, at any rate.' 'Don't give yourself the trouble ; I shall do very well. ' Nevertheless when the day came for Florence to leave town Stephen Wildu went to Gros ycnor-placc to see her off and iwcorupauied her in her carriage to the station. ' Why should I not ':' he said when Florence objected to taking up so much of his time. 'Your cousin — your nearest friend.' 'Yes, my cousin, my friend,' answered Florence, and when they parted at the railway station she remembered his words aud was glad to 'thiuk she was not quite aloue in the world. Wuburn Hall is about three hours' railway journey from London and, somewhat chilled and tired, on a bleak February afternoon Florence first came in sight of her new home. A grand old mansion, standing grey and im posing at the cud of a long avenue of leafless trees, waving their bare branches under the dull sky. Still Florence felt a sort of pride swell in her breast as she looked at her new possestsiou. And then — so strange is the human heart — that one of those subtle links which lurk unseen within and around us, her mind wandered to a far different scane— to a glowing Eastern sky ; to a dark and often weary face. 'Why can I not forget him?' thought Florence with a restless sigh. But she had not much time to indulge in bitter memories. The hired carriage she had got at the station soon drew up before the handsome entrance, and the servants she had sent on to receive her — Banks, her late uncle's butler, and a footman — ran down the steps to meet their mistress. There was a bright fire in the large hall ; bright iires iu every room that was furnished. The luggage was brought in ; there was the stir and excitement of arrival, the inspection of the new house. A really line old house, too. It had be longed to a race that had passed away ; au ancient race whose fortunes had fallen ; but tho surroundings of gentle birth still seemed to linger about th« place. The dining-room with its carved oak panels, its broad tables aud massive chairs, which Mr. Dane had purchased with the house. Even the antique timepiece, which had told the passing hours to those who knew the hours no more, all were of the past. Florence was naturally much interested. She went from room to room, accompanied by Mrs. 'Mitchen, 'her' housekeeper, and Banks, tho butler, who had been two days at. Woburu and had already looked over the wholeplace. There were only two or three bedrooms fur nished, aud the long drawing-room was empty except for the gilded mirrors inserted in the walls. Florence, therefore, had much to do and think of. Carpets and curtains were to be considered and ordered and with notebook in hand she went through her inspection. Her arrival had also caused great excitement in the village of Woburn, which is not far dis tant from the park gates. An old-world place this, #bore sc.ireely a modern thing is to be seen. The cottages are mostly thatched and the larger houses time-worn. It consists of a long straggling street, at the end of which stand the vicarage and the church. But human nature is the same everywhere. When it was known that Mr. Dane's heiress was coming to take up her abode, for a time at least, at the hall, ideas were stimulated in many a heart. Mr. Meadow-dew, the vicar, tall, portly, and broad alike in person and views, rejoiced in heart to think of his new parishioner. He had been a widower for one year, but was not ii-- consolate, and thus maiden ladies, at least in the village, were thrown into flutter whenever he appeared. Then his curate, Mr. Gibson — dark, straight-featured, and gcod- lookii:g — had heard of Miss Dane and her two hundred thousand pounds not unmoved. Men, how ever, were rare beings at Woburn. There were three Misses Chamberlain who lived at Lee House, a red brick mansion with ivied walls, whose ouly brother was serving with his regi nient in India, The sons went away somehow from this quiet hamlet and the daughters re mained. A marriage only occurred at distant intervals ; and women faded from youth to old age without having a single- chance of changing their condition. '1* But this melancholy state of things did not prevent gossip. There was a scandal about the doctor's wife — a pretty woman — and a young farmer in the neighborhood. They talked of each others concerns, regulated each others affairs, and knew when any one got a new bonnet or a new dress. Imagine tlw ex citement therefore when it became known that the old hall was to be reopened and that a rich girl was about to appear. Mr. Meadowdew thought it his duty to call on Florence the morning after her arrival, lie was her first visitor and ehc was out in the garden, which was terribly neglected, when he came. But 6he went indoors to receive him, and a really very good-looking, middle-aged man stood before her. 'Miss Dane,' he said, holding out a shapely hand, 'I am most happy to make your acquaintance. I am Mr. Meadowdew, the Vicar of Woburn.' ' I am very pleased to see you,' answered Florence. 'So you have come to spend some little time with us, I hear?' continued the vicar with a benign smile. 'Ihope so, at least,' replied Florence, smiling also. 'My poor uncle, who bought this place, intended to come in the spring, but unfortunately ? ' 'He was cut off,' proceeded Mr. Meadow dew, as Florence paused. 'We heard of his untimely death with deep Borrow. But we must be prepared for these sad events iu this world, Miss Dane. A year ago I had a great Io3«— my poor wife was taken away from me, and now l am a lonely man.' ' That must havu been a terrible trouble ?' ' it was ; but time is tho great consoler, Miss Dam-, aud my poor loat one. was a sad invalid for uix months bufore her reletvjc. it was lio doubt a mercy when she was taken.' 1 ' Have you any cU ilduni ':' 'Two little darlings; but you must come and see them. I fuel sure by your face that you love children.' 'I havo not been much iu the way of them ?' 'But the love of children is born in the hearts of good women. Nature is their teacher; the lisp of infant music in their ears.' Florence could not help smiling. 'Shall 1 have many neigh bors?' she eaid by way of -changing the conversation. 'Not many, but at ill there arc some pleasant families living iu and around the village. But it is a quiet spot. I trust you, accustomed to tho great city, will uot weary of it.' 'Oh, I love the country, you know. My father was a country clergyman and I was brought up in a very quiet home.' ' A country clergyman ! Is this indeed so ? It t?eeuip to make a bond between us already. No longer shall I fear that you will despiee our humble lives.' Mr. Meadowdew stayed nearly an hour after thih and licfore lie left he had invited Florence to have afternoon tea at the vicarage on tiie following day, 'to wjut some of your new neighbors and see my little ones,' he added, and Florence accepted the invitation ; and Mr. Mcadowiiuw k-lt the hall in a most pleas ins; fmnie of mind. ' What a charming young creature !' he re flected, as lie walked down the long avenue ; 'aud her wealth, how much good it could do to others, and 1 feel suie she has a generous heart.' And visions— partly benenoM, partly worldly— began floating through his brain. Even a bishopric was not impossible in the dim future and lawn sleeves grew gradually familiar to his mind. He exerted himself, therefore, to make his proposed afternoon tea on the following day a success. Men it was impossible to procure aud the vicar himself and iiis curate were the sole representatives of the nobler sex. But thcrtf were several ladies present, Three Misses Chamberlain, two Misses Dixon, aud so on. In all about a dozen and there was quite a little stir in the room when the vicar's neat parlor-maid announced 'Miss Dane.' Mr. Meadowdew hurried forward to receive her with beaming smiles aud the various Ladies gazed at her with curious, and some, it must be admitted, with envious eyes. The vicar introduced her right and left and finally led for ward two pretty children. 'These are my little ones,' he said, and Florence bent down and kissed each rosy fays. 'Are 'ou the pretty lady fader told us about ?' enquired a smart' youngster of six, fix ing his round bluo oyws ou Florence's face, and the vicar was so delighted with the intelligence of his offspring that lie mentally determined to give him sixpence tho moment Miss Dane was gone. *' F- ardor told us to tell 'ou that he said 'ou were pretty,'1 continued Muster Juuk, de lighted with his cleverness, aud the vicar re solved at once that tho sixpence should remain in liis ov.'n pocket and some of the ladies, in cluding Florence, laughed. But tins little incident did r.ot long disturb Mr. Moadowdew's serouity. Ho was in his element when be was surrounded by women and lie had smiles for all. 'This is Miss Bessie Chamberlain.' he said, leading forward a pleasant - looking woman no longer very young, 'who is as good at. a second curate to me, 1 assure you, Miss Dane, among the poor and needy. Nay, better than any curate, for a woman's tender aid is always better than a man's.' Poor Bessie Chamberlain ! She blushed like a girl, for the vicar's praise v,-;is sweot to her ears, and then proceeded to introduce her two sisters to Floreuce. Miss ChaiiiL-iirlain, tho elder one, h.id given up all pretensions to youth, but the younger, Eva, was a bright faced, clever- looking girl, almost pretty, and entered at once into conversation with Florence. In the meanwhile Mr. Gibson, the good looking curate, who had a straight no^e aud dark expressive eyes, had bueii fixing an admiring gaze on Florence- and he now ad vanced and asked the vicar to present him to Miss Dane. Mr. Meadowdew thought this was forward of Mr. Gibson, but a? Florence had overheard tho request he could not refuse. ' My curate,' he said with a slight emphasis, which the young man heard and understood, but he was not ttie least abashed. He bowed low and began talking in a pleasant voice. 'I hope you are not disappointed with Woburn ':'' he said. 'No. I am agreeably surprised,' answered Floreuce. 'Of course this is not the month to seo a country plnce to .id vantage, ' continued Mr. Gibson, ' but still February has always a charm to me; it is so full of hops of brighter days. It is at least the spring- time.' 'I assure you, Miss Dane, that we have many lovely rural spots about here,' inter rupted the vicar, who had no intention of allowing his curate to monopolise his new ]-arishioner ; 'in your own park are many mossy uooks and dells and truly magnificent trees ; the growth of ceiituries ! Ah, ah ! to thiuk that our little lives pass away aud these noble products of tlie soil remain ! Such is life !' ' I remember my poor uncle telling me there were fionio fine trees, I must make their acquaintance/' answered Florence, smiling. ''They are even worthy of that honor,' said the vicar with bis best bow, and in the same strain he talked until Florence rose to go. She was tho first lady who did so a;id the vicar, of course, could not leave his other guests. But to his strong disgust the curate asked if ho might bo allowed to escort Miss Dane home and Florence accepted the offer. The vicar, however, went to tho hall door with Florence and when she and the curate started on their way Mr. Meadowdew followed the figures of the young pair with wrathful eyes. 'Gibson forgets himself ; I must get rid of him,' he thought angrily. The curate, on the other hand, was quite happy. He took Florence tho longest way through tho park home; he talked of heavenly and earthly tiling with equal ease. He was really well read aud he made the most of it and spoke of philosophy and theology as though he had mastered the secrets of the universe. Still, ho rather interested Florence and she was not displeased when he asked leave to call on her. 'It is such a pleasure to talk to anyone whose mind soars above tho common sordid things around us,' he said. !' Good-bye, Miss Dane ; you have given a bright half -hour to ' ~~' - my life. ^ Thus they parted and the curate returned 'Jjj thoughtfully through the parlt. He went bfcck '*' to his humble lodging iu the village Had reflected, not unnaturally, on Miaa Dean's great wealth. He had barely one hundred * year to live on and there arc such strange possibilities in life. He looked at his own good- looking face in the misty mirror over tit* - little wooden mantelpiece iu his small room. ? and then ho sighed. Strange at this moment his vicar also wu looking at himself 1 Mr. Meadowdew had got quit of his guests at last and his thoughts too — also not unnaturally — reverted to Miss Dane. His mirror, however, was not misty. It was a highly-ornamental overmantel, and, as Mr. Meadowdew gazed at his own reflection ho smiled. He was satisfied with what nature had doue for him— satisfied with himself. Ila had bfieu a lucky man hitherto, why not lucky now, he thought. 'Shu is a sweet girl,' he murmured, half aloud, still Jooking at himself admirably; 'modest and gentle, with no foolish pride ? - either of her good looks or her fortuuf.. I do not think I could do better; I must strive and win.' Tlifiii his thoughts wandered agaiu with some irritation to his curate, but he dismissed the idea from his mind with a contemptuous wave of his hand. ' . *' ' Too absurd !' he thought, but all the same lies snubbed Mr. Gibson unmercifully when ho next saw him ; but Mr. Gibson was quite able to bold his own. The ladies of Wobimi were also thinking of and discussing Florence at this time. Some instinct, alas ! the truo instinct of love— had told poor Bessie Chamberlain that her vicar was captivated by tho woaltii and appearance of the uew-umnor aud that her own untold hopes were destined to wither and grow cold, as she believe;! that no living woman would refuse Mr. Meadow dew. But she said very littie about the heiress as she walked home with her two sisters. Eva Chamberlain, on the other hand, said a good deal. ''I like her face,' she remarked, in her bright, quick way. 'There is soir.uthiug noble in her t-xpression and .something sad.'' _ 'Sad !' repeated Bessio, with a suppressed sigh. ' What can tslie have to make her *.id V ' How c;m we tell ?' answered the younger bister. ' She ia;ty have had a disappointment in love— a hundivd tilings. But or.u thing I do envy her the power to live in London, not to vegetate hero.' ' My dear '.' said the eldest Miss Chamber lain reprovingly. ' \Wll, what is life but vegetation here?' continued Eva. ' But let us call upon her to-morrow. I want to see more of Miss Dane.' Florence, indeed, had quite a little assembly ou tho afteruuou following the vi oar's tea party. Noarly all the ladies of the village -?.-.?. -.wmb called aud the two men. Tho vic.ir tfeafciW^Jgls early and en jo}-c.-d himsi.'lf to his heart's cob- '?''' ?% 'wf| tent and was pleased to find his curate traate .:-''?';;?'. ?% not there. Buc Mr. Gibson was onii biding ' .,;-* his time. As the vicar descended the hall -v; steps the curate ascondod them and tiio vicar made up his luind on the spot to find a rc.ison ablo excuse for dismissing him. B:;t unfor tunately the 'young man's character was ex cellent. He whs steady, so!,er, and hardwork ing, Lut still ho must go. ' You have had quite a little assembly,* said Mr. Gibson, as \\\\-: shook Floivuoo'a ii&ud.; 'Pardon me for coming late, but I hoped to see a little more of you by diiinpr so.' 'Is it late?' answered Florence, smiling. 'For Woburn.' ' Weil, I mean to fall into Woburn ways for a little white at leust. When my cousin, Mr. Stephen Wilde, conies down, Mr. Gibson, yon must come a:id dine with me.' ' You are only tou good. And you have a cousin * Is lie a young man ? ' 'He is about thirty.' Tiie curate moved his thin hands restlessly. 'And a London man, I suppose?' hf s;iiu. ' Yes, a barrihter and a jouiualint. But L do not think he will like Woburn,' sh-- added; 'lie does not care for country pleruJiuv.-.. '' ' Thou lie misses much.1' 'I think so; Out we all the civv.tures of habit, you kno'.v. Stephen Wilde was brought up -and has lived all liis life among uien. He likes the stir aud struggle of a great city.' 4 ' And you ?' 'I fear,' answered Florence, sniiliug, 'I am woman-like and care for change. For instance, 1 should be afraid of getting to think too much of siiiiill things if 1 lived always in a village. '' ' 'That is quite true. The mind narrows or enlarges to its circumstances. I tVel that hero and therefore n^ much as possible I spend my time with my books and nature.' 'And your vicar1:' ' My vicar is tlie lord of a\l he surveys in Woburu,' MiswM-.'d tho curate, also smiling. 'Ha is satisfied with the admiration, or rather the adoration, of his female pari shioners.' ' And you arc not V «. The cur:Ltc shook his head. 'I aui uot satisfied,' ho answered. 'I alw.iys feel that my soul is craving for some thing I havo not.' ' I wonder if any one is really quite Iuippy f said Florence wistfully. ' I could imagine happiness if— if— two people cared for each other with pt rfect lovs. But they say this never is.' Florenco sighed restlessly. Then she began talkiug of other things— her garden and green houses, and asked Mr. Gibson if be could re commend some workmen. ' It will lake dozens of men, I think, to gefl it into ordei,' she said. ' I have written for a head gardener from town; but I want work men.' Mr. Gibson was, of course, only too happy to recommend work-men or to do- anything ho could to assist Miss Dane. He stayed another half-hour or so and went away with a strauffe feeling of excitement at his heart. That night his books did not satisfy him or hu^ ordinary dull surroundings. A now breath of life stirred within him, new dreams, new hopes. ' And this cousin ?' he thought, more than, once, restlessly. 'I wonder what he will ba like ?' He had soon an opiwrtimity for judging, for the next morning post brought Florence a letter from Stephen Wilde. 'My dear Florence, ' she read, in his some what illegible hiiud writing, 'carpet or no carput, I am going to run down to see you -to- morrow. You know you threatened mo with1 having to sleep on the bare boards ; but rather than not see you agaiu soon I shall risk it and all other inconveniences which you say we selfish men abhor. But I have felt ao— I was going to put a naughty word here— but foe 0 your sweet sake I suppress it and uae a young lady's !word instead. I have felt then bo ' 'awfully9 dull during the last two days with out your pleasant company that I can bear it no longer. I shell therefore (invitation or no ; invitation) appear at Woburn Hall on Satur day, and if you write that you have ne food to give me in the house I shall bring it from town with me, and thus secure my welcome. 'Jesting apart, I cannot tell you, my dear '?? Florence, now I have missed you. I went to the empty house in Grosvenor-place— for it is empty without you— yesterday, and as I wandered listlessly about the forsaken rooms I tried to picture you in your new abode. But, fair chatelaine, my eyes shall soon behold you. I will be with you to-morrow by dinner-time unless you write when you receive this that you desire to see me no more. 'Ever yours, 'Stephen Wilde.' Florence smiled to herself when she read this and was pleased at the idea of seeing Stephen Wilde again. He distracted her thoughts and amused her mind. She wrote a line to tell him she would expect him and she ordered a room to be made ready for him and sent a carriage to the station to meet him by the train he travelled by. And when he arrived she went into the hall to welcome him and he greeted her with effu sion. He had been greatly struck as he neared the hall by its imposing appearance and this grand old country place made him realise more than ever the great change that had occurred in Florence's fortunes. ' I had no idea you were such a grand lady,' he Baid, as he warmly shook her hand. ?' My dear, I wonder you receive your beggarly cousin so kindly.' ' Wait till you see us in all our grandeur,' answered Florence, smiling.- ' But come into the dining-room, Stephen ; we really have one decent room to show you.' The dining-room, with its massive oak carvings, its ornate ceiling, and rich furnish ing was exactly to Stephen Wilde's taste. ; Her surroundings gave Florence new beauties ' in his eyes. His luxurious pleasure-loving . nature delighted in whatever was rich and ! rare. He looked at the slender girlish mistress of this stately home with a new courteous feel ing in his heart. v- My dear, how handsome you are,' he said, with genuine admiration in his lookB and voice and Florence laughed and blushed and turned away. At dinner .she told him about the vicar and the curate and vicar's many admirers. ' If you go to church with me to-morrow, Stephen,' she said brightly, 'my tall cousin will create quite an excitement among the female congregation. A new man is an un heard of thing in Woburn.' ' What a delightful plan. Fancy being the object of admiring eyes ; an unknown sensa tion hitherto for poor me !' ' Is it so unknown, Stephen ?' 'I fear so; and this curate? Is he a dan gerous man ?' 'I think he is rather, clever; I must ask him to dinner to meet you.' 'Oh! my dear, spare me! I came to Woburn to see you and you alone, not to talk to. a bread-and-butter, tea-imbibing curate.' ^ . ' But he is really rather nice.' ' If he is I shall only hate him the more. Is there a moat handy to your castle, my dear, that I may plunge him in and make an end of him. I detest parsons of every age and grade.' Stephen Wilde tallied in this light fashion the whole evening, but after Florence left him for the night the expression of his face changed. He lit a cigar and began walking slowly up and down the long dining-room thinking. Somehow Florence had inspired him with new feelings * towards her. Her sweetness, her modest dignity, had a charm for him now which he had not felt before. ' I think if a man once loved her his love would last,' he reflected ; 'not like the other sort,' and his face darkened. 'If I marry Florence I will try to turn over a new page ; I un about weary of the blackened one.' ?(To be continued.) 