THURSDAY, FEB. 28. (Before Mr. Cowan P.M.) A Vetebah Thief. An elderly man named James Read whose face bore the appearance of hav ing come into violent contact with the kerbstone, was arrested by Detective Condon for having three baking tins in his possession, which were supected to have been stolen. When the officer encountered him, he came to the immediate conclusion that the articles were stolen, because he reT cognised the ancient one as a veteran thief. To the court, accused gave no explanation as to how he became pos sessed, of the articles, and taking into consideration that he had been con victed 61 times for various offences, Mr. Cowan inflicted the maximum sentence of six months. Compliments not Reqtjirbd. Richard Francis Harney, a gentleman of respectable appearance, and very much in earnest, was charged with hav ing behaved in an disorderly manner, and having assaulted Harry Blake, licensee of the Australian Hotel. De fendant attributed the blame for his alleged misbehaviour to the prosecutor, who, he said, insulted him to such an extent as to cause a blow to be struck. Mr. Blake intimated that he did not desire to press the charge. ' I won't accept any compliment from him, Your Worship ' said the irate defen dant ; ' because I don't intend to let the matter rest here.' Mr. Cowan dis missed the case. A Birthday Booze. ' John Hart, on being charged with drunkenness and disorderly behaviour admitted the fact, and in a half apologe tic way remarked that he was over jubilant on account of his birthday. A fineoE Xlor 14 days in default, waa imposed. A Strandbd Cibots. Nine employees of .Hayes and Laurences' cirou3 figured as complain ants against the proprietors of that show. They all sued for wage3, which were due to them. Mr. R. S. Haynes, for the defendants, said that the claims were not disputed. The circus was stranded, and because the 'ghost' had .not ' walked ' during the last couple of weeks, the com plainants refused to journey to South ern Cross, and fulfil an engagement, after all arrangements had been made. Verdicts were recorded as follows: — Alfred Griffin £o, John Robson £5, Neil Boyle £% 14s., A. James Myers .£3, Alfred Melsted £2, Archibald McFar lane .£3 14., A. Simpson £5, W. J. Mat thew £5 and James Hyman .£3: Fbemantle. — Before Mr. Fairbairn, this morning, Lolo Wright was caution ed for drunkenness, Cornelius McCann on a similar charge was fined 10s. Frank Harris alias Houston, who was sentenced to six months' yesterday for larceny, was remanded to-day upon a charge of having been in unlawful possession of a dingy, the property of Messrs. J. and W. Bateman. 