GRâP* FfiOMJOp MMS- The Queen .-will remain in tbe Highlands until the middle of next month. During her drives she occasionally visits ' the ex-E«ipress ÇugeAÏe, who is staying at Abergeldie. r'Thb Empress Frederick is expected at "Balmoral.'- One day the Qaeen patronised a traveling circus. The m&rqnee; was pitched near the Castle, and Her Majesty, who witnessed the performance r from her carriage, was accompanied by the Dmhess of York and several grandchildren. A general invitation having been given to the servants and tenantry, there was a large audience. The Queen - ie «said to have watched the acrobatic feats with interest applauding the performers. Arrangements are being made for the QuëenV visit to Gontinent in the spring. The Queen has given directions for the room in which she was bom, to be specially done up, so as to present the «xact appearance it did seventy-six years ago. When the King of the Belgians returned to his hotel in PariBbe asked two boyB outside what they-were waiting for. ' To see the King, ' was the reply. 4 Oh, that is not very interesting,' _ said his Majesty, as he passed in unrecognised. Mr Gladstone's work, on Bishop Batler, upon which he iB engaged, will extend to three volumes. ï'orgcd specimens of ;- £he px-Ptemiêr'e poBt-cardB "KiiV^ lieffi^piltoeS ""American tonrists and others, finding ready pur 'chasers at 15s each. A Welsh farmer, named Jones, has celebrated bis 101st birthday. He w^lks without a stick and reads'without glasses. He has never entered railway carriage in his life. Should he survive another five vears he will have lived in three cen- turies. __ It is suggested that a Bill shculd be in the Commons next session with a view to check the output of ' penny dreadfuls.' A man-carrying kite has been succesfully tried by the military at Ipswich. Five hexagonal ki'es flying at varying distances apart on a continuous line raised a man fifty feet into the air. The Midland Company give £200 a year in prizes to encourage the cultivation of flowers *at railway stations on their 2,000 miles of rail. The first prize has been awarded to the stationmaster at Matlock Bsth. The bicycle face," an expression indicative of nervous disorder, is a symp- •torn now commonly known to medical meu who attend cyclists. Football has become-snch a craze that employers complain of their men absenting themselves from work. Some employees in the Midlands actually proposed that they should be.allowed.to work on Sunday at the mills, in order to be free to attend football matches on Monday. The football fever has got such a hold of the Birmingham boy that a local paper says boys inteodcce football editions of tbe evening papertf into their classes at Sunday school, and discass the previous day's play during the lesson. . For the first time women are jast now being employed in the loading and nn- | loading of vessels in the .'X.6ndpn Wocks. An old Australian convict ship—a floating ship of horrors—4S on exhibition in the East India Docks. Some of the cells contain wax models cf the noterions criminals who formerly occupied them. The first experiment of bringing live meat to England from Australia haB not been a flnccess. . Many animals died during the sea passage of 12,000 miles, and the others were landed in an emaciated condition. • r - , Twins have been born io dwarfs who' have been on exhibition in Wales as General and Mrs Small. Tbe bdsband is only thirty-five inches in height, the wife being even small in stature. A mother walked eleven miles to a Blackburn church to forbid the banns of her fifteen-year-old daughter. She arrived late, and was greatly distressed on being told that the banns had been published for the 'last jtime. The vicar, however, accepted the objection, and stated that he would refuse to marry the couple. A Paisley ' spectre' turned out to be a white sheet with a small boy and a lantern behind' it. : A ghost scare has been caused at Halesowen by the photograph of a house which was supposed to reveal the apparition of the lady who died therein a few months back. - 