llFE'S BITTER TROUBLES. Caapteii XIV.' . I'Ti'ko uio in, Alliver. Drug me hrouirb, drunk or sober! Iu tho Lo of humanity; do by mo as you ould bo dono by i£ you were ns I Tho words spoken, hurriedly: loarselv, struck upon Jock Alliver's itartlcii scones as something to bo .meinbi-red through life—an a aimplo raver writ on friendship's faith—and iD ' O lino 0 f it novor left his memory, hough tho lino was far froin now— Do as vou would bo dono by !' Confounded still, Jack put his hand 0 his hoad to make sure by the souses f touch that lie was not dreaming. Usured of tho fact, he put the caudlo loivn, and went to the window to help be deserter through. ? . Dick Camlyn was us cold as tho icy now that'covered him—ho Beemed lmoat helpless; nnd, when aafoly in be room lie staggered nud fell. All lis strength and energy woro spent a this last effect for safety. Tho lurposo accomplished, tho ncrvos gavo ray. Ho lmd fainted. ? Hallo, old chap ! don't do that! ;omo, I say !By JoYo ! Poor fellow, ; should just like to know -who did it!' auttored Jack, without any uerfoct ;n owledge of what he uienut, or why o threatened sotno unkuown delin luont. But he lifted Dick Catnlyn'a wasted dim on to tho bod. Jack romoved the poor follow's liter garments and boots, laid him - aside tho bed, removed the top Jauket, and (wrapped it round him, ad then made up a lingo Are in the ooin that had so lately witnessed tho loisterous rovel. 'I don't know how to foteli him ouiid,' ho cogitated, making unsteady (arts at all parts of tho room. ' Let no sob —some brandy down his throat, nvot rag on his head, and some burnt eathers uiidor his nose. Tho water nd the braudy aro hero: but tho eathers Jiy jinpo—yes !' Jack paused, aud with a fearful otention beaming out of his oyes, ilanceel at a stuffed owl under a glass ise, that had been staring him out of oimlonanco from the top of the cup iwird ever sinco he had beon in posses ion of -Mrs Gamp's—as ho would call i:j landlady—apartments. Tiie first thing he did was to placo a mall table by tho bedside, put a asm of water and the brandy on it, ud then—was he right? Shudder at ho deed ! —he, with a wilful wiclcod ntcnt, and malicious forethought, eraoved tho cased-up bird to tho table, o;k tho glass shade oil, put it away, ind then paused. His guilty conseieuce filled him :ith vague feelings of alarm. He thought ho heard his landlady ill the ball, and then, very much after the fjsliiou of tho doublo- dyed robbers ho ml teen so often at tho theatre, where itiouuc nourished as a scenic artist, ho itolo towards the door. Ha 1 ha! it laa locked ! Now then for tho deed. N'o-ro-ro inatter-er, it muetbo done— lad it was ! Tho bird, in spito of its blank staro of dcfianco, was pulled ofE its perch, half a wing and all its tail OTre torn out, and though ho felt like l murderer burning tho. ilesh of his rictiui, ho thrust tho feathers iuto the Ste. They fizzed up making a good dealoE stench, aud wero ready for uso. : Approaching tho.bed as though the path to it was a zig-zag ono—ho thought to walked straight—he thrust the feathers under l)ick Camlyn's nose, and hold them thero until they got cool aud no stench omauatcd from them. But thoro was no effect, spparontly, for llichard Camlyn ahowod no more signs of life than the owl had ?gainst tho indignity offerod to its 'honoured and stuffed person. ' I'erhaps,' thought Jack, ' tho feathers ought to be -used after the irator and. the brandy.' Uy tho aid of a teaspoon lie poured nmo of tho latternaincd firey liquor dona the deserter's throat, placed a wet handkoruhief oil his head, aud then tore out the other wing aud a half, mil a largo portion o£ tho back. There waa'moi'o frizzling and hissing, noro nauseous amoll, and again ihe feathers wcro applied to Dick's EOi'e. 'Necessity knows no law. excepting tho law of necessity. Personal feel ings must bo sacrificed and moral courage brought into requisition,' ho Bused, still thinking of tho owl aud tho .landlady. ' Upon my word, .that's wonderful—l think 110 moved! I say, Cauilyn, old man, wake up 1 . Eh, ho groaned! . So shall' I whon ? jMrs l)auipur sees tho remains of hor pet family relic !' Dick Camlyn .had moved twice, and now a heavy sigh broke from him. Good hearted Jack felt biphly delighted, sudoveti brave, about'tho consequences to tho bird. It struck him that Dick's fpet might bo too cold.. 'He f.elt them tud they were like ico. ' IE I had a hot-water bottlo—well I'vo a kettle, some water and a brandy bottle, 'l'hey will do. as well. I- can boil the water.' In Boino things Jack Alliver was not ? thoughtful young man. .Xho con lideration of probablo consequences to bo delivered from certain operations lid not always enter his hoad; and he therefore made tl'.o water boiling hot, inserted tho spout of the kettle into the neck of tho bottle, and tho wator floivod in, uutil tho Heat caused the bottle to burst jvith a startling ex plosion, and tho water splashed upon bis right foot, which happened, like tho lei't one, to bo in n slipper. The smothered howl of agony ho Jivo perhaps did more to arouso bis unfortunate visitor than anything; perhaps it did more towards restoring Sack's still confused senses to calm-' ?>6?a than eithor of tho startling yents of tho night had ; but he sat on fflic hearthrug, with his foot in his land, tenderly removing tho sock, and Tmuing piteously. ' Great heavens 1* ho groanod, ' how it smarts! I bolicve all tho skin is peeling off, and burning hot serpents are crawling over-it. Confound tho bottle ! Jack Allivor, you'ro a fool!' Kneading a pioce of soap into a paste, ho plastered it over his foot, tied fl wet handkerchief round it, and re paired to. liis pationt again, having abandoned all idca? of impromptu feet- warmers. ' Oatnlyn, my boy—oh, my foot !— do you know mo?' Camlyn opened lub eyos and tried to smile. ' Yos, Jack, good friend!' ' Not at all —don't beliovo it! Oh !. whew! l'horo, don't mention it! D'ye feel any hotter ?' ' Yes, thank you.'. Tho poor fellow spoke faintly and slowly. 'What shall I give you?' What would you liko ? Oh, the hot snakes again! ' Sleep, Jack, thank you !' ' Better have somothing hot to drive tho cold out 'of you—some brandy, eh P' Jack did not wait for an anstvor, but undo a glass of hot spirits and water, and Dick drank it gratefully. _' No one will como here ?' lie naked, giving Jack the glass.- 'No, old Jollow, 110! Don't fear that !' ' Nor know I am here ?' ' Not a bit of it! May tho sun shine of friendship never fado, you know. There, it's all right; and on my word you'ro safo from tho whole British army.' ' I wish I were !' sighod Dick. ' You know.all?' ' Yes, slightly. Tom Gibson told told mo to-nightt Do not think o£ it now, but go to sleep. I will watch over you until tho morning. I lmvo some work to do.' Dick Camlyn stretched out a thin hand to his friend, but spoko no word of gratitude. He paused to give utterance to what lie felt, and Jack saw it. 'There, thore, lay dotvn and sleep. Dick! It's nothing! Everything goes right'in time, as tho clockmaker said whon he'd been three years trying to prevent a clock going an hour too fast.' lie turned away from the bed with a littlo laugh, and strodo into liis sitting-room to contemplato the re mains of tho dismembered owl. ' I feel inclined to burl its stuffod carcaso uuder the gato. No, by Jovo —happy thought! I'll pitch it into tho lire, break tho shade amongst tho ashes, and toll Mothor Damper it was knocked down by accident, and got burnt.' Fearing, porhajis, that his courage might fail bim if ho delayed too long, Jack Alliyer put tho glass ahado under tho grate and crushed it with his foot, mid dropped tho owl on to tho fire, and held it down with the poker, as though he feared it would leap out liko a sphinx and doom him to a sudden aud awful death. 'JL'ho few minutes it took to burn wore hours of horror and apprehension to Jack, and when he at last gazed over tho bars nt the smouldering remains, ho saw the charred, shapeless head, with tho rod-hot starin? e3'es, glarir.fr into his face, like tho shining orbs of aomo black- headed demou. ' Stare away, friend!' he said, drop ping a knob of coals on to tho glaring eyes.."" A dart of sparks followed, tho fire collapsed, and Jack, with a sigh of relief, leant back in his chair, and glanced towards the bed. Dick Cauilyn was asleep. ' Poor fellow ! I havo often thought my lot hard enough—what must yours Oe? I ofton think it would do our discontented brethron good to see half tho miiery in thia world! Poor old Canilyn, I can pity him ! "What must his proud nature feel at this ?' Dick Cainlyn's hard lot made him think uioro contentedly of ' his own position; and thinking of that, brought to mind tho fact that ho was now sitting for tho last day butono in his bachelor homo. There was a slight longing for the old days of freedom at his heart: there was, it seemed— unless tho firelight shadows cast falsely —a shade of regret on his face at having, as might be proved hereafter, been too hasty in deciding upon his futuro so soon. When a innn takes to himself a wife, he has au inseparable tie that must intluenco him more or loss, as a rule, in all that ho docs; and though his ambition might not suffer, his position might; for thore are maiiy hours that must bo wasted, many guineas spent, and many days givon up for 110 seeming purpose that n, wifo will objoct to, moro especially tho wifo of a profes sional man. Professional men are rarely . understood by women allied to them by matrimony. Thoy cannot understand that a man can havo a love or thought for his profession apartfrom his wife. It is to her the means by which ho can, or ought to, earn so much monoy in a given time; wlion that is douo ho has achieved all tho glory a miin can achieve —unloss'he's single.- ' ijut,- still, a wifo- is only a woman; and it costs a man 110 great trouble to forgivo and forget the weakness in them he cannot change. '"Well, I'd better not. think too mneh of it,' muttered Hack, making up tho firo as. though it was Christmas ove and he expected company. ' In au affair of.'this kind I- throw myself entirely on fato. Tho irifluonce of a woman is wanted. I!have been long cuough without it, heaven knows! A homo moro mine than this cheerless place is I havo not known yet. Hero's to Clara,' heaven bless, her, and may wo. bo happy !' Ho drank- off the romains of a tumbler of brandy, and wator, settled himself down in his oasy chair,.and' fell off to sleep. ? . It was half-past' S when ho woko. The firo had gone out; the room .was cold, untidy, and cheerless. "? His limbs wero stiff, and his head fell too heavy for bis neck, aud altogether ho felt more as if he had beon picked up out of tho snow than having, gorio to sleep in front of tho glorious firo. A remembrance of tho destroyed owl came upon him, and his heart and visage fell like a thunderstorm on a frosty night.. The effects of' the convivial party having gone off, he was very?_ dejected, and felt bis moral courage quite incompetent to meet the fury of the landlady,' should she dis cover her loss. ? He found Dick Camlyn awake, and thought be looked more ghostly than on the previous night, allowing, nothing, of course, for the diffuront light in which ho would regnrd things now to wliut he did when the spirit of convivility was within him. liichard Camlyn's astonishment at' the appeararico ot Jack Alliver was so evident and obvious that Jack laughed out loud, nnd rubbed his pdrchmont lilto cheeks to get somo of tho natural tint into'them.' ' Did you fancy I was a ghost, Camlyn ?' 'Not quite, good Jack; but a suspicion that you had seen oue, or something worse, was stealing upon me.' The deserter spoke more cheerfully now tbau he had done sinco thoy,met, and Jack was glad to see that there was no humbugging, sentimentality about Diclc in consequence of tho position he had rashly brought upon him?olf. ' Havo you stayed up all night, Alliver ?' ' Yes, old fellow ; but I slept, and soundly. I nin happy to say that I saw no ghost, or auythiag else un pleasant,', but ho thought of tho owl, and his face lengthened. ' Oh, lie down, Camlyn ; here comes here comes tho housekeeper. I'll give orders for breakfast.' The ? housekeeper stolo softly into the room, according to custom, thinking he waa in bod and asleep. Jack, with a chill of horror creeping over him, opened the bedroom door about eight inches, and thrust his head through the opening. ' Good morning, Mrs Damper,' ho said, attracting her eyes—which ho thought, wero looking at the shelf whore the bird had been—to his own by a nod ; ' good morning, ma'am.' ' Morning, Mr Allivcr. It's unusual for you to bo up, I'm suro.' 'Very, ma'am, very. Your usual quick perception and ready flow of liingungo, Mrs Damper. Upon my word, you look quito fresh and young this morning—quite—ahem ! —Mrs Dumper, might I ask you if you would kindly cook bacon for two ? I—-that is, I have a friond, gentleman friend of course —who stayed all night; and, Mrs Damper, pardon mo, but there's two bottles oE stout and one of Bass on the table, with half a bottloof gin, if you will kindly tako thorn down stairs. I shall not want them.' ' It ia very kind of you, Mr Alliver, I'm sure,' said the liuiy. wondering mnch at her single lodger's gouerosity and pleasant speech. 'Oh, pray don't mention it. I should like breakfast soou, if you please.' Mrs Damper took up the bottles ho hud named, and curried them to her own regions in safety. Jack shut tho door with a grimace, and while per forming his toilet told Cainlyn of the unfortunate owl ; and when Mrs Damper returned to light tho fire ho stoppod and explaitiod tho effect of liis fears thus graphically— ' Camlyn, can you "hear her inuttor mg eh? She's found some feathers aud the shade. By Jove, I fool as though I had boon stirred up inside with a rolling pin !' And Dick, covcriug his face with a corner of the blanket, laughed, heartily, for tho face of hisfriond was a study. Jack did not venture into his room to breakfast until after tho warning voico of his landlany died away, as she withdrew and left tho room, and banged the door portentously after her. But ho did not enjoy the break fast. He had to meet Mrs Damper, how ovor, before tho day passed, aud ho told her that some unforseen ovent, over which ho had no control, had brought the bird to grief. It was consumed by the firo, and the shade fell and smashed in the the fendor Of course, tho old lady said that no money could ropay her for the logs, that it was a relic belonging to the family, aud was prizod very much, aud so forth ; but the subject \vtvs at rest at lust, aud when evening came tho memory of his wilful deed died away, and having given strict orders that no one was to intrude upon their privacy, Jack and his friend sat before tho firo enjoying tho uninter rupted quiet that reigns always on Sundays in England. Jack, who had kept from questioning Dick all day, began to broach tho subject now, and Uamlyn ontercd into it very freely. Ho told why ho dobertcd, and spoke vory bitterly of Losford, who was the sole and only causo ot it. Much of what ho had suffered he relatod to Jack, who felt deeply for him, and was more deeply troubled by tho Bceno between Dick and liis family, which ho, poor fellow related with a natural pathos and feeling that was affecting to tho extreme. ' How I came here is this,' Dick said, after a pause. 'When the shot was iired at mo 1 droppod off the wall and fell on - my hauds and knees, and before y the mau could ascertain whothor I was hit or not I made off over tho yards and walls, until I made my way thiough a houso that was undergoing ropairs. I went to tho waterside and saw some small skiffs thoro. Olio I detached from the rost, and pulled against the tide under tho shadow of the walls and wharfs until I camo to this spot. Your window attracted mv attention. I thought that tho lowor room a might bo un tenanted at night, and felt that a fow hours' rest would givo me strength to go again.'. Fortunately, younviudow was unfastened. Tho rest you know.' 'It's a wonderful escapo, Camlyn,' said Jack, gravely.' One of his. quiet moments was upon him, and he Bcoropd almost twice his age—a transformation that often .took place with the rockless- follow in lees, than' half an hour, so various- and rapid - were . the' .changss ' in his character. His most inmate friends had often said thoy could not some-- times quite understand him. ' Do you.thiuk you will always bo sp fortunate ?' ' No,' answered the deserter Camlyn,- 'I do not. -It is hard to conjecturo how it will end.. I have, sometimes felt that I would give mysolf up.' ' Do you think they would deal more lenion..ly.with you then ?' ' I feat not, Alliver. Military law is severe. Confessing . a fault . does not expiate tho offence. I' should be tried by a court martial, composed mostly of officers from my own regi ment Lexford would be amongst theui. I should get no mercy, curao him !'. ' But if you should be taken ?' ' Dick Camlya moodily shook his head, nnd stared hard at the fire. 'I shall never be taken alive 1 Jf I am caught I shall (threaten to kill the man that touches me. I Bhall never givo in, and they' will shoot mo.' ' I atn sorry to hear thi?,.Dick — very sorry. I know you will pardon me for speaking out, oE eourso. We havo not beou quite such great friends as we might from our inclinations by the intervention of circumstances; but you can look upon mo ns a true one 1 now, and so will excuse what I Bny ?' 'Do not fear, good friend. Say what you will—you may cause pain, but you cannot offond me.' ' Thon, Dick, do you not think you' you have douo serious wrong to your self and your family by this rash act? How much better it would have been to have borne the tyranny and abuse of that detestablo snob than to have laid yourself open to the worst dis grace !' ' I was ra?h, it is true. Heaven knows how I tried hard to bear with my lot! Night after night, when I havo contemplated desortion, I havo fought dotvn the impulse; but,when that night the coward forcod me to strike him, I was determined to desert. I could not face the lash, Jack Alliver —death to me is fur preferable.' ' I can almost understand your feel ings, Camlyn; but to mo life js dear at any price. I would not seek death while existonee is givon me. Perhaps youra is tho right and bravest notion. We are very different.' ' I do not think my idea is right or brave. Ido not wiah to bo thought heroic for what I havo done; but I cannot return. Freedom in another country or death hero are my only resources now.' ' I'm sorry for you, very. I wish I could think you had done wisely. AVould tlio world think it bravo of you, knowing, as they now do, that our brave fellows will have to go to war? It was the wrong tirno to desert, Dick, under auy circum stances 1' ' "War;—war is expected!" said Dick, getting up from his seat. ' ]3y heaven, Jack,' he cried, ' I would follow a regiment, and throw, myself at the colonel's feet and beg to be allowed to go, if only that I might let them Bee that I did not desert bccau?e I would shirk my duty or fearod the battlo fiold. I inuy bo mad—l am almost, when I brood over what is done. Your words fall like dagger-thrusts upon me, but I do not think the wound in my heart can bo made much deoper. I shall go on my way as I have bogun, and prowl about like a hunted wolf until I know if a cliauco of escapo lies before no. I can leavo now it ia dark.' 'No, Dick, not to-night,' said Jack, getting up. 'Stay till to-morrow. You shall bo taken care of. 1 shall not let any visitors come in, and the day's rest will do you good. You can think ovor your intention a little by then !' Kichard Camlyu folt hotter, and urged the necessity of hisdoparturo— perhaps ho mistrusted his friend; but Jack Allivor dissuaded him from leaving, and his earnestuoss Bpoko well of his intentions. He stayod until the next night, aud at 9 o'clock prepared to start. Jack Allivor gavo him a left-off but tolerably good suit of clothes and a sovereign. ' Take it, Dick, old boy, and lot us hope that a ttmo will come when you will bo able to return me as many pounds as thero aro ponce in that— should I neod thorn !' ? Thauks, Jack,* said Camlyn, with a quivering lip and tear dimmed eyes. 'You may nover miss this—l liopo you won't. If you would kindly let my poor father aud mother know that I am safo, I shall bo glad—l havotold you where tlioy live—and heaven bless you!' And so that night Dick Camlyu started off again to wander through the great city, homesloss and outcast, all the butter in mind and body for tho lesson that had just been taught him —all tho better for the kiudly words and generous actions of liis old ac quaintance—all the better for loarning again that humanity still exists in this Babel of selfishness and sordid strife. Whilst ho went on his uncertain way_ Jack Alliver lay down to sloop, fecliug happier for what ho had dono, and doubly,, trebly grateful for that lot fato had given him. Jt was tho last night of bachelor existence, and there was sunshine in tho good deed that wound up that existonce and pre ceded tho now life that lay beforo himi (To be continued.) 