NOTES AND NEWS. A funny story is being told of a certain elderly Irishpeeres8,<wellknown in society. Lady -- was in search of a new man servant, and heard of a registry office in a certain square on the confines of Bloomsbury. Thither she drove in much state the other afternoon, and, on arriving at the square in question, her footman asked a policeman where was the " agency." The man in blue majestically waved the equipage to a a certain house. Her ladyship was admitted. " I have come about a young man" she remarked to the bland proprietor. " Yes, madame I quite understand," was the reply. " He must be sober and honest, and used to good families." "Oh, yes, madame ; I think we have the very thing on our books. Would you like to see his photograph?" His photograph ! " cried Lady-. ' "I suppose.' the man's straight?" "Oh, yes, J madame, a very fine man a fortune is; no object, I imagine ? " This last, with! a movement of the hand towards the carriage with its passing horses, that could be seen through the window.' "A fortune with my footman ?" literally shouted the Irish lady. Then the proprietor explained that "his was a matrimonial agency, and that the registry office was on the other side of the square. Woman records this incident. Lady Essex, who is accustomed to bicycle in her husband's splendid park at Cassio bury, the other day, contrary to custom, rode out beyond the demesne, and making a detour, arrived at the principal entrance to the park. On her requesting the gatekeeper, who curiously had never to his knowledge seen the new mistress of Cassiobury, to open the centre gate for her, the man replied that no bicycles were allowed in the park. Her ladyship explained who she was, but the old servant said that wasn't good enough for him, as his countess would never appear in such a get-up. At that moment as groom happening to come up recognised his mistress, and informed the abashed gatekeeper who with profuse and abject apologies opened the gates. The Prince of Wales is remarkable for the fact of his bearing towards working- men. He invited Mr. Henry Broadhurst to visit him at Sandringham. Mr. Broadhurst, the new paper Success says, was obliged to decline on the ground that he had no dress suit. Of course, a dress suit could have been bought, but the fact of his possessing it would have injured him with working men. The Prince renewed the invita- tion, and Mr. Broadhurst said he would accept it if he were allowed to have a bit of dinner in his own room. This was courteously conceded, and Mr. Broadhurst went. He was shown to his room by the Prince himself. Noticing that the fire was not lighted; the Prince took matches, went on his knees, and kindled it himself. An indignant American woman has been vigorously using her pen to attack the social shams of America those of New York in particular. She says : "This is the day of shame. I known women who in Riinnniprl tri unfortified lavishly, yet who rarely receives guest. I call her functions 'ghost parties because they are only the shadows of the substance, the event itself being purely imaginary. Why, that woman has gained her reputation for entertaining, and has received no end of dinner invitations on absolutely nothing at all I have suspected her tactics for some time, and now I am quite sure that what I assert is, indeed, true that in nine cases of ten her dinners are purely imaginary. She has a clever way of finding out who is engaged, to whom, and then she asks people who, she knows cannot come to her house, and so scores to her social account, with no other outlay than her crested paper and dainty seal." The World says the German Empress and her children were so mobbed during their last visit to the Island of Ragen that Her Majesty declared that she would never go there again unless the Villa Dwaisden could be obtained for her. This is a large and very handsome house, sumptuously decorated and fur ' nished, which was built on the cliffs near Sassnitz a few years ago by Herr von Hausman, a banker, who is the largest landowner in Ragen except the Prince of Putbus. The villa is surrounded by extensive and well-wooded grounds, which are enclosed within a high wall, so the imperial party will enjoy absolute privacy. There are beautiful excursions all along the coast, and behind is a large and ancient beech forest. I 