jwiiLij mmmmm , w .. .. ' : l.. - » : ,!/,» 'Sf '.s i %A .. ' Br thb Sidrnt '''f y .' TOXSDAY/JUN£ 4. / On one occasion, when Maoready played Hamlet, be had taking the part Of theKing of Denmark a vonog actor a hbm be had anbieoted to much buUyinsr atrehearsal. It , was arranged that in the fifth act, where all the expiring takes place, Maeready — as the star act or — should die in the centre of the stage, with .all the other ocrpses picturesquely arranged at ound him. cat upon the performance coming on, the young actor, when his turn came /to give up the ghost, coolly dropped do whin the centre of the stage, on the very spot marked out by- Macready for his own death. > 4 Die- liiyher rp, you fool," whispere&ttie; great tragedian, " Die higher up. will you l" Then, to the amazement of the spectators,, the royal corpse arofe on the boards and exclaimed, "Now look here, Mr Macrsady, you had your way at rehearsal, but Iin king; to-night, and damn it, j'ii die where I like. ' In Cabinet rehearsals, Mr Macready Tur ; ner has his own way, and plays Hamlet precisely as he pieases ; but io-picht Mr Best was king; and he took -up the whole centre 0$ the Parliamentary stage for bis — well, :not iohtical death «5ei lot us hope,, but for his great performance of " giving up/' the T prohibitive tariff ghost: With the lime-light full upon him, the Minister had a splendid opportunity, and no fair critic will say that ho did not acquit himsell well. The voluminous notes from which he spoke testified to the pains he had taken with hie speech. A pile of foolscap lay on the table in front of him; eaoh sheet, it could be seen, scored over with notes and figures. Mr Best is not an easy speaker to listen to, and his manner was not so good as the matter of his speech merited ; but he succeeded in holding the attention of the House for two hours and a half, whioh, as his address was crammed with figures and detaile, was by no means a small accomplishment. His style is reminiscent of the days when be played foot ball, and barracked with the loudest. His physical vieor is out of propor tion to the force of the language he is using, and he has a tendency to shout ut (not "for") the House at the top of a voice that would be very useful to a man ioslia the bush, or a commanding officer at a sham Bght. Stilly this is a matter that conld easily . be understood under the circum stances. Mr Beat perfectly well understood' that he was, in delivering this important. statement, 4 speaking to the country," and he very naturally wanted tlier whole countt y te hear him." It would be difficult to say what was the impression left upon the House generally, by the proposals made. Difficult, that, is, forau impartial gatherer of impressions. The persona and newspapers that always form their impressions of a matter before- hand experienced no each difficulty, of course. But, to tell the truth, not haif a- dozeu men iu the House got a thorough grip of the question, nor could do so from hear ing the Minister's speech, admirably clear as it was. The thing was too elaborate and too full of detail. It needed careful study first. In fact, the mind of the House generally was almost impossible to fairly gang?. Probably the said House hadn't got a e'ear mind on the puhj'ct at all. Oa one point only parties Were agreed, and that was that Mr Best had well earned his spurs as a Minister. It wa-s his first great chance, and he had acquitted himself well. At the beginning he laid It down that no 'scientific revision of the tariff was to be looked for from the Government, and that no nuiform twenty-five per cent, maximum would be entertained. " We simply have to mould the tariff on the existing conditions of the colony," said he. "We cannot afford to ignore established in dustries and rights." Nor would he consent, in behalf of the Ministry, that members should be qnite free to play v/ith the tariff as they chose. "The Government refuses to abdicate its position," was his statement on this point. The remark, how ever, needs to be taken together with a reply given subsequently by the Pre mier to Mr Longmore that, in effect, the Ministry will give opportunities to members to move increases or reduotions at will. It is pretty plain that there is to be no stubbornness of resist auce to the will of the House on the details, though the Govern ment will exercise a close supervision. Another point upon which Mr Best was quite dramatically emphatio was as to the Government's fidelity to Protection. " This is a Government whose policy is Protection," he said; "not Protection run mad, but moderate Protection. Protection has come through the ordeal of inquiry with flying colors." Then for twenty minutes he deli vered a Protectionist lecturette. arguing that the policy does not lower wages, does not increase prices, - and so on— in a vein that might have made M.r Trenwith put forward a charge oi plagiarism, against him. Comjng to the recommendations of the Tariff Board, Mr Best intimated that the Government declined to acoept the proposal for the establishment of a Board of Trade, bat it agreed to adopt the suggestion for prohibiting altogether the prison- made goods ef Europe. These conclusions were explained at some length, and .then the Minister came to what was, really, the true pith and marrow of the whole speech, the proposed alterations. In many respects, the duties now proposed are increases above the present dnties, even when the Tariff Commission has proposed deductions. The Commission, for instance, recommended that tobacro manufactured in any factory in - the- colony,, on being entered far home t consumption . shouk . be free. Mr Best increases the duty from 6d to fid per pound. He also increases the duty on cigarettes, machine made, from 6d to 2s per pound, and ;oti hand made cigarettes from SI to 9d, though the Commission advised the continuance . of - the -pre sent duty. Mr Best certainly made out a strong case for those increases, his facts on the cigarette industry .being particularly -Sw he:> ushered closel yto tip/ %oth in Farliiment and iu inuuuverable meet- u»g;o ,.. / -r / r - i Afior the speech,- the House was in no mood lo go on with business, and .adjourned tilt to-moitew. the. tariff itself being ad- journedtill next week. ?®9iuem done : Tariff -amendments fntro- duced. / : ; ' 