JOqN ARCHLEY'S HOUSEHOLD. All Rights Ressrved.J AN AUSTRALIAN STORY, BY RUTH B; RUDDER. Now First Published. t_v Chapter XIX (cotitinued) m one knew what a time of agonising 'suspense Coralie went through waiting for news. What a long, anxious, sleepless night it was that closed that day. Tired out in body, unable to tninK or resr, rne girl jay and stared into the daik. She re peated over and over again to herself the story her brother had told her. She strove to pray, but at the thought of what news . the morning might bring her soul sick- I ned. She rose and saw the first faint I |j flush of dawn creep up the grey sky. Oh ! I $ iiwheh, when would some one come? « ' Would they tell of life or death ? She longed for the daylight, yet dreaded its approach. i She was frightened by a rattle on her window. " Corrie," Wyllan's voice called strangely, " Corrie, dear." The girl sprang to the window and , Lva "threw-.open the sash, meeting a pair of j I jboyish arms outstretched. ... " Alf is alive, "dear," Wyllan announced quickly, "He'll pull through, the doctor thinks. I ripped all the way to tell you." Wyllan was ;«aking . breathlessly, his face wet with 'dew. "Don't cry, dear," he went on, " I can't bear to see girls cry. It's a miracle he isn't dead, it was an awful fall." Coralie struggled for breath. " He will plive then, Willie? Does Dr. : Bennett say CQ -% so He wouldn't say it unless sure." 0\J ''-J " Biennett was7 hopeful, anyway — that was enough for me. He let me go in to see. Alf." ; ' '" Yes, Will, go on." ... " He i ; was- -conscious and knew me, though he had been delirious for some hours. Old Danel was there — oh ! Corrie, he was horribly jealous — horribly is the only word — because Alfred spoke to me : >- hedooked as if he would like to choke me. ffORA I 'cii't bear his ,l>eing there ; he watches Llissj J gveryone like a dbg. I know" he won't go away. Ugh ! he's an — I won't say what. Anyhow, Mr. Dennis must see about him, his whisky and tobacco, too ; and — look t here, dear, is the key in the pantry lock, rs'Pih iiearly'famislieti ?" si . 'f Your dear boy," Coralie cried, impul- sively, trembling violently with excite- ,'K: ) f iuerit and thankfulness, " wait till I get my cloak. I'll come and get you some thing." Coralie, white of face, cloaked and barefooted, with her mass of chestnut hair falling, about her, .joined - Wyllan in the panryl ; In .the lamplight she beheld her brother," "cold, splashed, scratched, and muddy. .ihr-i -i '" Don't think me a glutton," he re marked, finishing a substantial meul with a delicate straw l>erry turnover, " but I haven't tasted a morsel since breakfast q rr ; yesterday. Mrs. Mason was all for feed- 'ingnie uji, but I could not touch any thing. Never felt hungry till I got home. . :'j; You never saw such a place as Mason's, Corrie, such a hole. A veritable back- wood's hut, rough, nothing anywhere but trees, trees, trees. Guess they don't see t rj . ? .the. sun-till he's an hour high.'' Wyllan i Ji, O " i roBeand ' shook himself. " Well, I'm off j,;,-. t<my."cot .now, it's about an hour and a " '" half to sunrise. I'll have time for a nap." " Don't get up, .dear, stay in bed and rest." " Catch me lying in bed and my dear old chap as; he is. I'm going to do every stick of work I can and go up again. Do you remember when 1 had fever and .?! . ague, the way he minded me? It's won derful how gentle some Samsons of men are. Alf's a Christian lion if anyone is. Good night, or, rather, good morning. Cali _ . - me if I oversleep." i; j 5 ! lit"? Coralie paused at the foot of the stair case. She was minded to go and tell her mother of Wyllan's return, so excited was she : she longed for some one to whom she might unburden her soul. Into the bedroom she ran, stumbling over a chair in her hurry. The Bound roused her mother, who cried in alarm at the sight of her. Coralie dropped on her knees by the bedside. In a hysterical stream of words she told what had happened; Her excite- -,r ment and anxiety proved contagious, and I the two women talked and talked till the K first" sun-rays shone warmingly through the window drapery. (A few moments more found Coralie dressed, kneeling in : her own room, pleading, as only a woman can plead when her need is sore and her fear great. When she opened the door the cold frosty glory of the wintry world ' shone before her — wide slopes of plain and ridge, white as wool ; still films of mist through which the sun showed like gold grown pale ; steam-like fogs floating up from the glassy- river. She looked wistfully out at if all, and started to fulfil a round of duties and responsibilities now grOwh heavy and burdensome. She re membered her promise to Wyllan, but a :% glance towards the cattle-sheds revealed / \hitn itlriving the milkers into the stalls. Outside the stall, the draught horses! were being fed and groomed under the skilful r hands of practical Yal. The brothers had ' risen to their work manfully, and, woman- .>: like,' feeling reproved thereby, Coralie set to perform her own duties. Joe returned in the evening tired and grave, and by message and letter from those away bade them hope for the best bn.0 andjprepare for the worst. Day by day, the boys came and went. Day by day, C-i !'-i"they:cluhg to what little hope- the news ' r ; r. chrpught afforded. Ever, in passing to and 'f ro'aboiit her work, the girl's eyes would look up the pldi white road that led past the orange trees watching for some one to come. Her brothers had pointed out to her the direction in which Mason's cot tage lay, and every evening, as it grew late and cold,; she would stand and strain her feyfes longingly; hoping and praying, praying and hoping. 0 Thp. wprst was over.; Joe brought the WelcOme'news. ' He found Coralie looking so pale)imd tluri thatbecoinmented loudly r.0 on , her ppeancev She, however, only . fiit'ltT nefvoiis lau'gh "peculiar to her when excited, ami told Joe she had only been 'naturally anxious. Her , mother covered her euiliarruKsiiient'. by in- i> so) ,pfitig a io whOnAilreif wpujil be able .vtocome 'home; '>i' 1 v; ' > " Oh ! not lor an age yet," Joe replied, quickly, as if "unwilling to discuss so re mote a possibility.- " 1 da e sav it'll he a in a few chtys tiine. 'All ! 1 ain glad of that," Mrs. A relit y said, warmly,--' -lie's a dear, good fellow." Alfred owes a lot to him now, such a debt \- "v 5" " T Q " ' B'lCu|loupt, tVioHier, but|eeollect;lit was CSiriii'«G>lJ.V that goB.'thenp irilo the. dilliculty. ! was tlie exhaustion caused hy rescuing him thai cost the fall. And, : by Jove, such a fall— a less muscular n.au . ' I n 'v'iV- h i fsl i dd - 1 </ d tin 1 1 1 . Chris j won't hear ol such a tb. ug as Ail's : in- j : debtedness, any more than he will hear of other folk hanging about his patient. It's a case of gratitude on both sides, mother, both are equally indebted." Never a hint of the dark intent that had been Alfred's the day of the accident had reached Joe. Not a word about it ever passed Christie's lips. He (Christie) regarded it as a secret for him to keep. Often during those long days and nights of patience and. suffering, the two talked the matter over. Every experience they shared Berved to strengthen between them the growing bond of brotherly love. Chris tie thought no service too hard, no sacrifice too great, to render the other. Excepting his uncle Jack, he allowed no one to as sume his responsibilities concerning Danel. His task was both hard and easy, for Alfred, being convinced that his suffering was just affliction, dispensed by the hands of the Almighty, resolutely submitted to it. Intensely active, impatient of re straint as he was hy nature, the task of self-mastery was a hard one. Naturally devoid of logic, he could neither argue himself nor be argued out of his fatalistic ideas. The reverent impulse of faith alone taught him how to interpret God. He set himself to try and find out the meaning of Divine love, of God's forgive ness, hoping thereby to forgive himself. He tried hard — but failed. Chapter XX. " Well, I've argued my best, thrown every possible light on the question, and aB usual the result is nil." Thus Walter Carnegie, dropping his rein hand on his knee. " I was fifteen years of age when you were born, Lily," he went on, " you've bossed me ever since. Sad confession for a practical man. Now, here I am, driving a sulky with you in it. We are within a few miles of a hut, owned by a kindly yokel named Muson, whither you are going for the express purpose of seeing Alfred Danel. It is useless to remind you of how Society will interpret your enterprise." " Perfectly useless," the beautful woman replied, cahnly, " let Society enjoy itself : I find there is a limit to its virtues." "Ogilvie's a splendid chap," her brother retorted, emphatically, " witness what he has done for your friend. Can you tell me of another who would have done the like." " Pouf ! I only wish the accident had happened outside my own gate." 44 H'm !" the gentleman returned, amu sedly, " Guinivere would like to tend on Lancelot, eh ? All very well, iny dear, but Arthur's the better man." "Stuff and nonsense. Your Arthurs are born in the purple, with silver spoons in their mouths and virtues made to order. All Arthur has to do is, abstain from com mitting certain convenient sins, while Lancelot must needs labor to he credite i with one good trait. Give lue Lancelot," she added, leaning back. " I give you Laucelot," said Walter, steering his horse among some stones. " I ought to, seeing that Ogiivie, senior, has set about that Danel's father is an unconvicted felon. Pleasant inheritance, that of felon. Old Ogiivie is in luck's way. His family will marry off well. Christie has led out iu good style." "And, after all, his father is uot satis fied ; he stares at me, and says he wishes Christie were free. Well, no doubt, Miss Carnegie, of Bulla Bulla, with her thou sands behind her, would be a tine match." A ghost of a smile flitted over Walter's face. " I, also, wish Christie were free," he replied, cynically. His sister folded her hands. " It's a queer world, my dear brother," she re joined, with bland sarcasm. " Never mind, you will shortly be invited to the young lady's wedding. Heigo, you have my fullest sympathy. Were I not aware that Lancelot is five years my junior, I should endeavor not to be beautiful in vain. Well, it's all in a lifetime. Women and men are fools alike. We are the same as the rest." Soothed by this reflection the woman composed herself resignedly. Half an hour of tedious driving among heavy timber, sheets of coarse, dead fern and broken stones, brought them to their destination. A square a few acres in extent had been cleared and fenced in the virgin forest. In the corner of this patch Miss Carnegie beheld the cottage she sought. A few paces from it stood a delapidated oak tree. Beneath it a lean and angular draught mare hung a lip over an angular and bony foal. The exterior of the hut was bleak in the extreme. The dead wither of a transplanted vine clung about the central of the three verandah posts, a yellow mongrel puppy tugged , yelping, at the chain that bound him to another. A couple of saddles and a broken box lay ou the floor. Glancing to the lower end of the clear ing Lily descried Christie Ogiivie brushing a young horse. She directed her brother's attention to him, and bade him go and interview King Arthur. While he obeyed, Lily bent her steps toward the hut. As she neared it, a woman emerged from round a corner, wiping white soapsuds from her arms with her apron. She was young, good looking, and sunburnt. Clinging to the folds of her cotton gown was a red- headed, toddling child. At sight of Miss Carnegie, the woman started and dropped an awkward curtsey. Face to face with the bush-stained settler's wife stood the reigning beauty of many a Sydney season — her gown a triumph of tailoring, her gloves exquisite, her parasol dainty, she herself tall, regal, beautiful. Good morning, Mrs. Mason," the beauty began, " that is your name, I be lieve? Ah! yes, I am right then. What a fine boy, oh ! a girl, is it ? What a fine girl, then. I-er-have come to visit a friend of mine who met with an accident and who, I hear, is in your-er-house." Mrs. Mason had now partially recovered from her astonishment. " I'm sure you're kindly welcome, ma'am," said she. " Would you be pleased to walk in ? You'll find the gentleman in the front room," and with one more curtsey the woman backed away. Lily passed iu through the open door and found herself in a small room, slabbed and whitewashed, with one small window scantily draped in colored calico. The furniture consisted of three chairs, a table covered with a dull, red cloth, adorned with a jar filled with mountain fern. A similar bunch depended from the beam that supported the mildewed calico ceiling. An old eoueli, that might have belonged to the maiden home of Mrs. Mason, occu pied a space near the window. Lying on this, his fac pressed down in the pillows, was die 'man she sought. Apparently he slept. Une arm was resting in a sling, tlie other hand lay across iiis eyes as if to screen the light. \- Miss Carnegie stepped for-vard. 1 Danel roused, dropped his hand, and looked straight at her. Lilv, Lii»-, vou here ? How did vou come?" , " I made Walter juing me," tlie woman explained, still "I have sent him to talk to Christie." . / ! Alfred gazed at Jier intently, with great, , black, pierCTng -oycs. His face was thin :7 Y..-_ r . j i-; . " ' and colorless, he looked pain-worn and wasted. "It's a miracle to see you," he said, slowly. " Of course," she returned, coming a step forward, as if to escape from his in tense gaze. " Your manner betrays you — you are astonished at sight of me ?" " Not at sight of you, but at you." " You think me hoi 1 ? " " Not bold, beautiful." " Mv thanks." " W hy ?" \" You recognise an external virtue. I am flattered, understanding as I do tiiat I am not your ideal woman." "You are not. If ideality were two- sided a ou would be ; but," and here Alfred raised himself slightly and glanced at the nearest chair, " Will you not sit down, or, at least, couie and shake hands with me ? I'm wearied of longing to see one woman of my own — " " Pity your wish is not gratified." He lowered his dark brows and scowled at her. " Don't be stubhorn, Lily, you can be the reverse. You look so well, so veiy beautiful, I need not ask how you are. Can you tell me how they all are — at home ?" The last words came with wistful slow ness. She heard and softened. " Do yon want to know the whole ?" she inquired. " If you do, I can enlighten you. Everyone is well. The home affairs, I believe, are as usual. Joseph is planning to go to Sydney, Valentine is engaged to Miss Forde. And," she paused, hesitatingly, " her wedding — you know whom I mean — is arranged for December." To be Continued. J 