Cije MiCuore free JPres. _PuBLISHED EVERY THUIBDAT MORNING. THIRDAY,- JUNE 13N 1895. Tun authorised translation of the "« Apos. tolic Letter of Pope Leo XIII to the EhglishIPeople" ?hass b ;en 'puilisied' by- the _limes nxewspaper,: of: 20th ;April :iast,' 'id ,' since then it-has found" its' wayr into very'. many newspapers througlhout the world. It certainly breathes peacie, cha'rity and good will, and should: go a loniig way in :the direction it is intended. W&' publish' the full text olsewhere and feel sure ik, will be read with some pleasuie a:.d 'profit` by, all Christians no matter- what -their ' professed form of belief, and here we inerely append. the concluding words of purity a4' love :-. We therefore humbly call -on St.xGzegory, whom the English have ever -rejoiced- to greet as the Apostle of their "race, on Augustine his disciple his messengeri and on those other;: Saints of God, through whose - wonderful vir tues and no less wonderful deeds England has merited the title of, Island of' the Saints';. on St, Peter and St.. George, those spicial patrons, and above all .on Mary, the Holy? Mother of God, whom Christ Hiniself fromil the Cross left , a the mother of mankind,: to whom your i kingdom was dedicated by your forefathers under that glorious title -'The Dowry of Mary.' All these with full confidence We call upon to be Our'pleaders before the Throne of God that, renewing the glory of ancient days, He may fill you with all joy and peace in believing ; that you may abound in hope and in the power of the Holy Ghost' (Rom..xv. 13). Care should be taken that the prayers for unity already established .amorgst you Catholics on certain fixed days should be made more popular and recited with greater devotion. Especially that' the pious practice of the Holy Rosary,.which we .Ourselves have 'so strongly Kl'i~ omaniuide'd; ihould flourish, for it contains-, as 'it were a summary of the Gospel teachihg, and'las al; -ways been a most salutary institution for the people at large. Moreover, We are'pleased of Our own will and authority_ taoadd still another to the sacred Indulgences which have been granted'from time to time by Our-pre-. decessors. We grant, that is, to all those who piously recite the prayer appended to' this lettei, to whatever nation "they may belong, an Indulgence of 300 days; moreover, a plenary indulgence once a'-month o'n the ob servance oftheusual conditions to those.who" have recited 'it daily. Finally, may the Divine'prayer : of Ohrist ' Himself for unity fill up the'full measure of Our desires, a prayer which on. this day, through' the Mystery of His- most Holy Resurrection; We repeat with the itmo?t confidence -' Holy -Father - keep 'them in Thy rame. whom Thou hast-given Me'; that they may be one as We also one.. .. Sanctify them in truthe - Thy word-is truth: . nd nat for them 'o'ly- do:I pray, but'for them also who thruhgh' their word shall believe in Me, that all may. be one,' as Thou,' Fatheriin Me,' and 1 : in Thee, that they may be-one in Us. . . ' : ih Them and Thou in Me , that they may be made perfect in one; and the world may kniow 'that Thou hast sent Me; and hast loved them as Thoa hast also loved Me;'-John; xvii. 11i 172, 10, 23, ~2 3 :Finally, We desire all manner -of blessings from God for the whole of the British people and with all .Our heart We pray that those -who seek the Kingdom of Christ and salvan -tion in the unity of faith mayenter on 'the' full realisation of their desires. - ' " Given at St. Peter's in Rome on the 14th April, 1895, in the 18th year of oir P'otifi cate. To the Blessed Virgi) . ::Prayer for.Englaiid. ' Blessed Virgin Mary., -Mother of God a-?,.. o most gentle Queen and Mlother, l1'ifk down 'in mercy upon England:- thy ' dowry iind upon us all who greatly hope and trust irinthee.' By the" it i'as that 'Jesu's Our ~i?viour and our hope was giveri unto the world; and He has given thee ta qe that we might hope still more, :Plead for us thy: children, whom thou didst receive and ac~iept at 'the foot of the Cross. O sorrowful Mothe'r intercede for our separated brethren, that with us in the one true fold they may bh uiited: to the Supreme Shepherd,. the Vicar' of thy Son, Pray for us all dear Mother, thati by fhithfruitful in good works we may all deserve tb see and praise God, together with thee in.our Heavenly home. Amen, . John Conrick, 20 years, smothered in a Ballarat mine on Monday. E. Ea AB,rahams comrmitted suicide at Sydney after attempting to murder Mary Goodman, who is re, covering from her injuries. SRailway revenue for last week shows £2,070 in. I crease over corresponding week ,f previous year. " And yet, juduing byVthe traffic on the SSydney road, , thb team haulage *sgoqds i-very cor- ide,'aide ? , Gtrrmanv irritated t thi, Chinese 'loan of sixteen ·.lJliQ.iQ being placed in Paris, :' ..i ·-, : i. .::: ···'- ' ~: · 