lorofoefc Humour At first success makes a nani^ afterward the name makes the success' "What do you suppose ever made them call a prison Sing Sing ?" "I reckon it was because of the bars/' If a fool and his money are easily parted, will somebody tell us how it Is there are so many rich fools ? Faith-Don't you love the early poets Morton (managing editor of a maga zine)-Yes, I do ; they all dead. " What subjects are treated in your new book ?" ** None. It's a plea for prohibition, and doesn't treat at alL" Poet-Has the editor read the poem I left here yesterday ? Office boy-I guess so, sir; he's sick abed to-day, Wife-There! comtes that} tramp I gave some of my biscuits to the other day. Husband-Impossible ! This must . must be his ghost. Willie I am ambitious to go before the footlights. She-Thjen you had better run along before papa comes downstairs. Weary Waggles-Dere er sev'ral courses Fd like ter persoo. Tiredy Wot er de like? Weary Waggles Dinner courses. Clara-he has proposed three or four times and I don't know whether to accept him or npt. Maud-I would. Suppose he should stop. Judge-Were you ever up before this court ? Everett Wrest-Can't say, Judge. What time do your honor git up ? Mrs. McBirdie-John, dear, why are some grocers called green 'grocers ? Mr McBride-To distinguish them from cash grocers, dear. Mr. Gamble-Would like to iakt> & chance In a lottery, Miss Overage ? Miss Overage (blushing)-This is so sudden, sir. Tough-I want a dozen eggs, an' I wants 'em bad, sir Grocer-Go to that grocer across the street. Every thing he keeps is bad. Collector-lis your father in, boy ? Son of his father-If you could have seen the hands he held last night you" wouldn't ax me that question. Mother-That note paper is certainly very quaint, but are you sure it is fas hionable ? Daughter-Oh, it must be. It's impossible to write on it '. Id player-'When next; you lay yon vast to forget everything but that you are on the stage.* Amateur Slippupp-'That was just the trouble; I did forget everything hut that.* The microbe wafted on (he breeze. Now makes his annual trip, And when the folks begin to sneeze, We Inoir he'sbronght h£s grip. Old Vrjpwater -'My boy, in all creation yon won't find any animal except man who a habit of smoking.' Young Puffs-'Yes, sir bat neither do I know any other mrimal thnb caih his meals.' This ie a good motto. Hot learned in a school: Take time by the forelosk And also the mule. Caller-'I am going to send my little girl to cooking school at once.* 'Does she can for such thinge?' Caller-'Dtar, me, no ; hut I am sure dbe will make a good cook, breaks mi many lovely dishes. §F Green-1 am dreadfully troubled *fth in* (omnia. I simply can't go to sleep at night.' Brown- Why don't yon make up your mind that you have to catch a midnight train and resolve so stay awake. * Mrs Newrich-' I! went a pair of the dear est gloves you're got.* Clerk-'How long do yen want them, madam?' Mrs. Newrich-'I want to fcuy them, young men; yon don't think I wanted to rent them, do yon. Trimming has a first rate voice/ said the critic at the concert, 'tut he always comes in behind time.' 'Ses,' replied the man who lends money. I guess its force of habit. Trimming' notes axe always overdue. * Arizona Pete-'What's that thing that whizzed past?' Citizen-'A trolley ear,* Arizona Pete-'In my ccuntry we sometimes bold np railway trains, but you bet we'd left that denied thing have its own way/ Judge-'I understand the plaintiff is suing for a horse.* Attorney-*Ym, your honor but there seemsfo be a hitch about the evi dence.* Judge-'Well* yon can't saddle the responsibility on the court. Let the case proceed.* 