A Boy's Frank and Its Results. Francis was the boy's name, and Ada was his i sister. Francis was a bright, mischievous boy. He was the head of bis clas6 "in school, but through his tricks he was always getting into trouble. Ada. his sister, was quite different, being rather delicate — a very quiet, gentle girL Jfo brother and sister were ever more unlike, her almost black hair, dark eyes and sallow complexion forming a striking contrast to his fair hair, grey eyes, and that mischievous look which never left his face. Francis liked to frighten his aster, and being fond of reading ghost stories (the more fright ing the better), he was able to pick out one to »» h»n sister that would have made the hair of most people stand on end. ' This ughl the' wind was bowling around the hous6t«xidJ£caiios wasdling his raster Snostj terriung ghost story. When he baa oome to the end of it, Ada was looking frightened indeed. "Kow, you silly thing, I expect you will be seeing a ghost," her brother said. But Ada remembered the ghost all the next day. Kven in the afternoon it haunted her. The school was nearly a mile off. but that day they were let out a little earlier than usual, in order to be home before it rained. A heavy thunderstorm was coming up. Ada had to go to the store for some groceries, and by the time she was half way home, she hadtostop at a neigh bor's house for shelter from the storm. Francis had gone straight home. Down the rala came in torrents, iffifmnfr flooding everywhere. It was neaaly dark when the storm was over. The water lay in pools on the ground. Ada had yet a mile to go through a thick dense scrub. This was not all. A waterhole that she had to go past was said to be haunted. A few months before a tramp had been fonnd drowned in it. Since then, after dark, a tramp was said to roam about mere. As she walked along, the branches threw down showers of raindrops. The moon came up bright and clear, shining down between the branches. The ghost story kept running through Ada's bead. She quits expected to see the tramp's ghost. Trembling with fear, she crept up nearer and nearer tne waterhole. " Oh ! If she only knew some other track than that past the waterhole." She dare not leave the narrow track, winding in and out among the boshes. She knew no other way. Hark ! what was thai noise ? Was not that something ? It moved. It was not a stump, was it? She stood still. No, it was only a shadow. But— something further on, quite white and motionless. The branches moved, and the light fell on it. Only a bough of withered leaves. She started on again, when something sprang out from behind a bosh. . It stood against the dark background of leaves white and shrouded. The ghost I Slowly it raised its hand as if in warning. There it stood, white and motionless as a statue. For one moment did Ada stand trans- fixed; then, with a terrified cry, she dashed madly away. Bat was not the ghost rather' small ? It laughed. To her the laugh was terrible, but in reality it was one she should have known very weU. Splash 2 she was in the waterhole! . Sne had run right into it in her fright. The ghoat's hand £eB, and he ran toward the waterhole. There was Ada, right in the middle, struggling. Down she disappeared, A few bubbles arose. That was all. The ghost saw this, and flung off Che shroud. Now it was the ghost no longer— only Francis, Ada's brother. Francis jumped in after his sister. But the waterhole was a arge one, and he could not find her. He was frightened. What eoull he do ? If she was not found at once she would he drowned. He had only meant to frighten her. Had he killed her ? Ib was regret as much as fear that haunted him. Troublesome ghosts both. As soon as he scrambled ont he gave one look around. If she were not raved, and it were known he had played ghoet, he would get into trouble ; hung, perhaps, he thought. He thought he need not ray anything about it. He snatched up the sheet which was now quite wet with the shrubs that at every breeze sent down a shower of rain with a pelts. Rolling it up under his arm, he ran home. He Bad never ran bo fast before. A number of shrubs grew beneath the gum trees, and everywhere the stag-fern and fallen logs covered the place. As soon as Francis reached home he threw the shroud in through the window. He had already made np the scoiy he would tell his mother. She was preparing a supper for Ada. u Ada's fallen in the waterhole; she was running hard and fell in. I couldn't get her out" His father and a man off the farm ran off at once, but the waterhole was deep, and dark night had come, for the moon was again doudea. . Tears ago— for the waterhole was rezy old— - a luge tree had crashed right into it, ana some of its limbs still remained there. At last they got her dead body, and It home. Francis, when bed-time came,- was sent to bed. . He had wrung the sheet as dry as possible, and pot it in his bed. - Not avexy comfortablebed, nor nyjgopd. bnnfitad him all |iight long. In the mommghe was told that Ada was dead. " The thought -of how bad a toother he had been kspt running through frig mind. How ha had always tried to frighten her. If she had not fallen into the waterhole, they would most likely have quarrelled and made it up, and he would have thought no mora about That day the inquest was held, and the Coroner asked Francis all sorts of questions. This gentleman's tixarp eyes seemed to read Ins very thoughts, yet Francis was afraid to tell the truth. Ada was buried, and Ikancu criedbiftedy : He wanted to tell, a&3 yet was afraid. . The next monnog he aid wot get np. He .was too mdkto leave his bed, and had a fever i&h; appearance. Jn Aft altfimnrm began 5 ' A doctor was sent for. a arabbwatched verjrSoaeiy/ as there is no > jfrMriB kept 0/ railing to Ada daring the nightr" His be&VBdehewBsthSEe;, ii-jhipm : dodnr paveFandsatieepng mother vtejudtemmtitegtil mghLtook aaKortregt., , ... Hrasentiy jTkancia/woke jm. . No pipse- hoiteht, in Ins rifflrrimh, yrssiherahat Ada, JX .Go amy, Ada; :go away. Ididnotknowj you would tell In. 1 ahly xusant to tighten ypu.?'. - -t -v;" /"V// ' / His tnbtha; who mwohe Bk- the firat oound/ tipqw «taxtedyp,woTidmng. V J ; rABof sudden Hie rJhWB» '2K ,rairn6t< She ran out, and after him, calling to his father, who was working a little way off. Both gave chase. They did not overtake him he had reached the fatal water-hold As he now stood still they slackened their p&ee.; Up out of the water-hole, it seemed to Francis, there arose a figure. Francis folded the sheet quite close about him, and bent over the water- hole as if looking for something. To his fevered fancy, it seemed that the figure threw back lone, dark hair from its face. It was Ada! Francis stood still — looking fixedly at the im aginary figure. Then, he thought, Ada called him. He made a start, and fell in head first, and immediately sank, bring unable to struggle on account of the sheet. His mother and. father rushed to the spot. His father jumped in to save Francis. He,conld not find at ones, for to dive under the !imb was decidedly dangerous, and when he did at last find him and threw him on the bank, he too was dead. 