Letters from Coolgardie. From a number of letters sent us by Mr. H. Skuthorpe, and which he has received from a Bichmond friend at Coolgardie, we take the following extracts : Nov. 7,1894. I have seen the Londonderry stone, and, without doubt, it is all they say about it. ' It is exception ally good, but admitting a few good reefs, the place is terribly boomed. There are a lot of duffer claims being boomed by the press and in terested parties. Some of the reefs you hear about, purporting to be payable, would not pay at Char ters Towers, or any other plaoes where the advan tages of cheap crushing, etc., are available. ... A man must condense his drinking-water here, as the country is very dry. The living here ¡8 hard tinned beef, the sight of which will half-kill a man -everything tinned. ... To the man who will go out, the chances are equal that he will make a big thing or perish like a dog. Nov. 22, 1894. I am off in a couple of days to play a lone hand ; I wish to prospect a pieoe of country between the Londonderry ond Wealth of Nations, and my plan is this- to buy a good horse, camp near a con denser, feed him well, and prospect day after day, returning to camp and water every night. It will cost about £5 a week for feed and water ; if I am licked, then get a camel-a good one-and go into the unknown. There is not a blade of grass in this country. Chaff is 4d per lb., oats same or more, so you see it means money, this horse biz. but I came here to have a shot and I am going to play it right down to the ground ; I may lose-if so, I will have the satisfaction of having had a chance for my stuff. Most of the reports you read in the Eastern papers are lies. There are very few good properties here-but what is good ¡8 good up to Town-hall music. There is not, and never was, any alluvial gold worth talking about-so men tell me who have been here from the start, and know what money means. Eighty per cent, of the reefs are duffer shows, (no good), but the existence of the Londonderry proves what is possible : she ÍB as good as reported. Perth. Deo. 29/94. I wrote a couple of letters to you from Cool gardie, and upon further acquaintance with the field, my opinion has not been changed-Cool gardie is a big swindle. Ninety per cent, of the reefs will never face the battery, and of the remain ing ten few of them will survive the music of the stampers. It's a d--swindle in big letters. There is not a shade of truth in the reports that are telegraphed from here to the Eastern papers. I have seen most of the big things and they would not pay on the cheapest fields south of the line. There is a crowd of men at Coolgardie that for hard, deliberate liars can give points to h- itself. This bubble will soon burst, it can't bold ont. It will be smothered as quietly as possible, but die it must. Had we gone to Wyalong, we would have had a show ; there is not the ghost of a show here up to date. I shall leave here by the s s Australi ens for Singapore, and possibly go on to Afrioa if any good reports come from the dark continent I am off there to try my luck. Advise any of our acquaintance to keep clear of Western Australia. If they must have a change, tell them to try h-, it might suit them-we know nothing of it only by hearsay-and the intense heat there appears to be the sole objection. 