IE&MD.; \- ? ??? ? *' ? .'da.' ? .. ?- ? - WITCH BUBHING AT CLOKtaBL'j BUEKUfG *A 'WIFE. '. EXEECISING THE FAISEES. A terrible etory of cruelty and snper etition was - investigated at Clonmel Sessions. M. Cleary, his father-in-law, and seven other men were charged with ill-treating Cleary's wife at Cloneen, The prisoners include the husband and father of the deceased, her aunt, and several cousins, and a herb doctor, the latter being charged as an accessory after the fact, and they were hooted by a large crowd on the way to the court house. The witnesses include Rev. C. J. Ryan, of Drangan, who said Mass in Cleary's house, heard Mrs. Cleary's con fession, and administered the Sacrament to her on the morning of her death, the object of his examination being to show the state of mind of the deceased at the time. It appears from the evidence given before the magistrate, and also before the Coroner, that Mrs. Cleary was subjected to torture on the night of the 14th. A witness, named Simpson, said he was present in the woman's house when all the prisoners took part in torturing her. She was forced to swallow a decoction prepared by the herb doctor to exercise the devil which was in her, prisoisers declaring that she was a witch. Ac cording to witness, the husband stated that she had gone with the fairies. Some infJiTitate-njsiy«g recited jover fee fire, and a nojootfeflidd was thrown ovet! $h& woman. Snp vHa^uesa held ojretttie Sdtchen fire, the -husband . asking heir, 'while she was joastip^, 'Are you, my. wife?' A re3-iiSt po^c^r was s3so* usaa: and burned the woman's' flesh terribly. BRIDGET CLEARY The woraan screamed, and begged them to let ber go, but they held her dotrn for some time before the fire before she was allowed to go. A wosian named Burke pave similar testimony. Mrs. Clearyj on the night following the tor ture, .disappeared from the house. The police -lutvde search for several days, and the rimainB of the woman were 'found in a hole in a dyke some distance from the house. She was scantily clad, and traces of the fearful burning were still apparent about her body and head. On the- back the flesh was burned to the bone. The Coroner's Irish jury returae T/HBIIE BOBT WAS FOUTCD. a verdict to the effect that death wa caused by burns, but how inflicted they had no evidence to show. The corone r said itirras one of the most fearful instances of cruel superstition of which he had ever heard. Husband's Mdkdee Confession. A special court was held at Clcnmei on Tuesday, by CoL Evanson and Mr. C Grubb to hear the case against the 10 persons charged with having murdered Mrs, Cleary. It appeared from the evidence of a woman named Burke, who had been nursing Cieary, that the hitter was Buffering from nervous excitement and from a mild attack of bronchitis, and her husband thought she was a witch. He gave her herbs which he ob tained from the herb doctor, the other prisoners holding her while she was forced to take them. The man then *all^d on her to say, in the name of God that she was not his wife. She was held over the fire to make her say this. These proceedings were repeated on the following night, when the husband knocked ber down, stripped off all her clothes, poured paraffin oil over her, and set fire to her ?with a burning stick from the hearth. While she -was burn ing to death there were present six of the mnle prisoners and two women, all relatives of the deceased. Some of them remonstrated with the husband, but did nothing more. He told them that it was not his wife he was burning but a witch, and that she would disap pear up the chimney. He rolled a sheet round the charred body and, with the iiid-jbf one of the prisoners, buried it in a 'dyke' near his house. Here the re mains were discovered a week after wards by Sergt Eogere, of the Eoyal Irish Constabulary. EEBGEAKT KOGB2B. : William Simpson said that he saw herfasforcibly given to the deceased by her husband the night before she was tfcuriedto death. The four otber pri soners held her down. They asked her pertain questions, and when she did not answer satisfactorily one of the prisoners called out, ' Make a good fire and Wtfii Bokn Heb and make her answer.' She was taken out of bed and held over the fire for 10 minutes. Her body was allowed to rest on the grate. Shs had no clothes on at the time except a chemise. The other prisoners were looking on, and did not prevent it. They shouted in order tc drive-out witches and fairies. Whan the deceased eventually answered thatehe was -Bridget -Mearj, t&ey; were satisfied tha* they hhd Bridget Cleary and not*' *ritch» and pn$ her back to bad. The .witasesa nextbeard that Mrs. Gleary^ ants miBfiing and he- did hot again see her alive. Kev. C. Byan, of Drangan, stated that the Clcarya were members of his congregation. He administered the last rites to the deceased. She ires wild and excited, bnt coherent, and he had no suspicion of foul play or witch craft. If he had Buspoctod it he should have refused absolutely to say Mass in the house, and would have given in formation to the police. On the follow ing day he wes informed deceased had been burned to death. He was horror stricken,' and told the police he suspect ed foul play. MSS. SOEPEOIf's EVIDENGE Mery Simpson, wife of W. Simpson, said that on the night of the 14th she heard that Mrs. Cleary was ill, and went to the Cleary's with her husband. They met Johanna Burke and her daughter on the way, and went with them to the house. She heard voices shouting out, 'Take it, you wrap,' or 'strap.' On the door being opened they went in. She heard the man inside say, ' Away she goes,' ' Away she goes,' as though they were driving something out of the house. It appeared to her that they did not believe it was Mrs. Cleary who was there, and ' that they ' wanted to drive away what was in the bed. And what was that supposed to be ? I don't know. As far as I saw, it was Mrs. Cleary there and I beleive they thought it was a witch, but I did not. When I got in I saw Bridget Cleary in bed. She was being held on the bed by John Dunne and Patrick Kerifldy. . Her husbandr ilicbael Cleary, was standing at ihe bedside with a saucepan in his hand. _3{xs. Clearywm-Bot screaming it. this stage/and didaot seem to be in pain. When we entered the house ~ the door, was locked on the inside. I heard Mich ael Cleary eay, ' All that was outside should stay outside and all that was inside should stay inside,' — What did that appear to you to mean ? It appear ed to me to be Connected with the ' Charming.' I don't' know anything about witchcraft at alL Michael Cleary jpave his wife; herbs, saving, ' Take this in the name of God,' 'an«i said, ' Bridget Cleary, come back to me in the isaine of God.' I also saw water thrown ©» her, and she was raised in tbe bed. Michael Cleary then asked her, ' In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, are you Bridget Cleary, wife of Michael Cleary, SnCHiEfc CLEAE.T. of-Ballyvadlea ?'? I did not hear her makeany reply, thcug-hthe question was repeated about three times. Pat Boland also questioned her, and 6he re plied ' I am.' They then shoGk her and she screamed. She was then carried to the fire by the four men named. John Dunne hs&lher; by the head. I could not «ee hour Jrhe other men had her. They brought her to the kitchen -fire, were there was & slow fire. I don't think it would be enough tc boil a kettle. Pat Boland then repeated the same question, and she replied. ' Yes, dada.' When they were carrying her to the fire I heard her saying ' not to make a herring of her.' They held her close down the fire, but I could not cay weather she -was on the fire. They held her there for five minutes, I thought. ? Did ary of them do anything to prevwnt this brutal treatment ? No. Did they appear to dissent from it ? No. Witness (continuing) said that ? on the questions being answered to the satisfaction of those in the room, Bridget Cloiry was taken back to bed, and some one said that she received dry clothing. Site was now Having, talking as if she did not know what ahe -was saying. Witness heard noth ing about a red pok«r, but khe saw what she thought was a burn mark on her forehead, and also a bruise on the neck. Witness helped Mary Kennedy to put on dry clothing. As regards the subsequent occurrences the evidence of the witness was the same as that of her husband. She heard some one say that all questions should be answered before 12 o'clock. Why should they be answer ed before midnight ? It appeared to me to mean that they could not drive away the witch after 12 o'clock. (Laughter.) FATBICK BOLAND. Pat Boland told her that Mis. Cleary went away from them on the previous night at 12 o'clock. Do you know where the fairy ring is ? I knew where it is, but I. was never there. I heard ic said by Michael Cieary on Sunday morning i that his wife was up at Kylenagranagh Fort, and that iLey would go for her on Sunday night ; that she would be on a grey horse, and they would have to cut the cords that were tying her on the horse, and then she would stay with him if he was able to keep her. (Laughter.) — Did they go to the fort that night ? I don't know, but I beard they were to go. — John Dunne here aBked the witness who ordered Bridget Cleary to be Brought to thbxxbs, and the witness replied ' John Dunne*' — John Dunne : That is all I have to ask her, Being questioned by 'Mi^lnmi Kennedy, witness said she did not see him do anything in the room in regard to Bridget Cleary. Michael Kennedy said he wished to explain how he came to be in the house. CoL Evanson said Aha* hf would have an opportunity of .doing so- at -the dose of the case. X'hemas Smyth, examined, steted that Le^Kas a farmer living at Ballyr&dlea.; He knew Bridget Cleary for 26 years. She iraa a. native of his locality. He knew hertnBbkndfor eight or tan yetxs. Witness was always on tbe beat of .terms with the Ciearys. He knew noth ing wrong with Mrs. Cleary in mind or body. She was always healthy aad strong. On the evening1 of? March IS, having heard that Bridget Cleary was ill, he went to the house to see her. She waainbedl Her husband was there, »nd Johanna Bqrfce, and John Dunne. Mrs! Cleary appeared to be ilL She look ed delicate and ' .-washy.** Witness &ek-; edherhowshewas. She made some reply which he did not understand, and he did not repeat tke question. He thought she knew him. '.fie was there about 10 minutes, and then went home. .At about eight o'clock in tho evening, Johanna Burke came to bins , and he ac companied her to the Cleary's house. In the house were Michael Cleary, Pat Boland; Mary Kennedy, Johanna Burke, and Pat Leahy.' - ilES. CiKABT WAS LYING IH BKD. Thehtioind had a little bottle in his hand, and ha asked Mrs. Cleary to ' take it.' TleVe was, witness thought, holy water in it. He asked her to* take it in the name of the Father, Son, aad Mohf Ghost, aad abs said 'Tee' and vtopk it. — Did tiy$8atfefy hint? So, «he iafi 1$ say. ' Inthe name of the Father, «on, and Holy -Ghoef'-aftef him, wbich ?^aedid. He then asked iiery would she kake a sup of milk,. aod ehe took it. Tfean -/Cleary aaM . . that' as - she ' iad. -company she was going-jbe. drees herself iBJKi%etup. She^dreased and come t» thfe. kitciiwjfrre. ,'' 'Was fibeie anytiing ^bout 'piahojlues'? I believe ther* *«fC Shesaiii, '$here is no pishogufis in u.e/.'or somethiug like that. What are ' pishogo.es' ? So^aethiBglike witchcraft, I uhdersiakd: Did she say anjtiung about being, with the fairiee? I did not bear it. 1 left, about 12 o'clock. — Disfcrict-Inspt. TVansborough then was Bwdrn, asd said he visited the home of Michael Cleary after he heard the re port of the ill-treatment of his wife on on March 14. , . CLEAKT-6 COTTAGE, was a lal oarer's cottsge, containing three apartments.- He eaw the dead body of Mrs. Cleary lying whet* it' was discovered on March 22, and ex amined, its appearance. The lower parts of the abdomen were completely charred and burned, also the hips and back below the waist. The flesh waB burned off the hips and bones, and the internal organs vew plainly visible. Both bands were also burned, and the anger-bones charred. The -face was not burned, and was quite recognis able. The witnesses examined on Thursday included persons who accom panied the husband of deceased to Fairy Sort, on the Tiylenagrana Hill, an the 'fright after she was burned to death and buried in the dyke, the belief be ing that she would appear in fairy form on a white horse, and thatif tbe cords tying her were cut vith a black handled knife she would return Lome, th« witch haying been banished out of her..-- ..;-..-? :%. Mary Kennedy made a statement in her ovm defence. She .said on the second night, March 12, when Thomas Smyth asked the deceased how she waa, she replied, 'He is making a fairy of me.' Three of the boys came at eleven, and they said, ' Bridget, I am very glad to eee you up. ' Cieary asd Johanna Bourke were at the table for a lon«r time till about one o'clock in the morning. Deponent went and stretch ed herself at the side of the bed, and she 'was not a long time asleep when she heard a roar, and someone saying, ' Mother! Mother! Bridget is burned. ' She ran to the door and said,' What ails ye ?' and she ran down and said to Cleary, ' What ar* you doing to the creature ? Is it roasting her you are ? ' Cleary gave deponent a shoulder and Pitched £lsb Abidk. Johanna Bourke ran to her and pulled her back into the room. She looked out again in a very little time. '' If you come out any more, ' said Cleary, ' I'll roast you down as well as her, ' Deponent stayed, sitting on the chair opposite the door, and saw Bridget Cle&ry; in a blaze with lamp oiL When she turned again and looked out, Cleary caught Bridget on the head and threw her on the floor like b» would throw an old chair, then he got an old blanket and an old sheet and put Mrs. Cleary in it ; one of her feet was up to the grate, and Cleary gave her a crack with the shoe of his foot and the shock of it went all over her clothes. £o Cleary rolled his wife up in the bag and in the sheet, and he left her oh tha middle of the floor, went to the door, and opened it. 'Oh, God help us, ' said deponent. ' He'll stick us all with his knife -Dleary had a black-handled knife.*' He pulled the knife out of bis pocket, came to the room doorand said, “are you there, Patsey Kennedy ?” He , got no answer. *'Well,'«dd Cleaxy, ' I Tlpallyour name three times, and if you don't answer me I'll drive the knife to the handle in through you. ' ' Oh, Patsey, ** said deponent, ' answer him at all events or he'll stiok you. ' So Patsey answered him at the third*, time. 'jGome out here,' eaid Cleary; ' I hayp the hole nearly made; as I did not drive the devil out through the ehjmnev, 1*1 Dbivb HesOct Thbouoh The Boob. ' So both of them went, and they caught the corpse, snd when they brought her outside the door Cleary locked the door on those inside, and said. ' Now ye can't inform where I put her. ' They were about an hour out ; when they came back, and he opened the door he said, ' now ye can't inform where I put her, whatever.' Deponent and her Todies (people) came home then, and Mike Cleary kept scraping the traces of the poor creature and the oil off his clothes. Deponent told Patsey to go down;to the police barracks and tell wbat had bepia done, but he would not go. Michael Cleary came down that night, and deponent told him, however he scraped, lie would not get rid ot the bloodstain* of his wife. 'Oh, Mary, ' said he, '«he waa not my wife; and we'll go to night to Kylena Granagh Fort, and we'll get her riding a grey horse, and we'll cut the ropes and we'll bring1 her home. ' So he gathered 'a lotof people for one or two nights, and they would not go with him any more. That was all she (Mary Kennedy) had to say, and sorry she was to have to &bt; it The other t*ri sonere made statements qgreoiog in th« T&ain; with the evidsww previously givea. Atthecloas of the evidence CoL Branson -said fee mttd his eottfiignt* Bad most earefuSy coaaidezed the evidence in THIS AwPfTb GABSi, and its effect os estch priaoxsr. Them were no doubt, Jiff»r«m«: degreca of cul pability ; bat, notwithstanding this diffrenca, they were of opinion that there was a distinct question as to whether the occurrence* of Friday sight, March 15, ware not a legal continuance of the very grievous torture inflicted, on the deceased on the previous night. Therefore, they would order the com mittal of all nine prisonereto the next assizes to be held for the South Biding of Tipperary. 