» A PERPLEXING m ' POSITION. CHAPTER XXX. — (Continued.) ' The experience must have been a terrible one,' Lady Winifred said. ' And Mr. Tliorn leigh was very dear to you.' 'We are to be married soon,' Dorothy said, simply. ' I cannot beiieve that,' replied Lady Wini fred, suddenly losing her self-control- 'I have beard something of it before, but you must be mistaken. He loved you in a brot herly -way — he never spoke to you of any other love !' She felt that it ^vas hard now to lose all her faith in Vivian Thoi-nleigb, and she ' waited eagerly for Dorothy to speak. ' Never spoke to me of any love save that of a brother ?' she exclaimed in surprise. ' Ah, Lady Winifred, you havo been misin iormed. Yiviaii and I havo loved for years *as few people know how to love. We were all in all to each other ; and now I have but one wish, one great desire, and that is to meet him again in a brighter world.' As she spoke she took up tlie photograph of Thornleigli and pressed it fondly to' her lips. This was too much for Lady Winifred- — the outrage upon her feelings could no longer be borne. With a swift movement she snatched the photograph from Dorothy's hand's and cast it aside, saying, passionately : ' Silly girl — ah, even as great a fool as I. Do you know that Vivian Thornleigli was my lover — that this is his ring thai' I wear ? — that we were to be married within a short j month ? Do .you know that I have loved him — loved him until I found that he was as faithless as man could be ?' ' Lady Winifred,' Dorothy replied, calmly, J. uo no l peneve wiiat you loii rnu. x uu Lave mistaken some kind intentions of my lover. He could never be dishonorable or un true. I cannot speak of him with you any more — it is an insult to his sainted memory.' Are you so simple, so blind ? ' began her ladyship, in a passion of anger, but Dorothy interrupted her ? ' If you talked forever, I should not be lieve you. My faith is immovable— unassail- able. I am sorry that you came hero to speak disparagingly of my dead lover. I will not listen to you — I will not listen to another word. I ask you to go, and I shall never for give you for touching even this memento of him with your sacrilegious fingers. Now go!' She pointed to the door .and my lady laughed disdainfully ; then she held out her hand, saying: ' We will part as friends, Miss Sutherland. I admire you, while I pity you with your simple faith. I admire you as much as I despise ? ' She paused, irresolute. 'I will not touch your hand — the hand that has dared to profane even a picture of him — I wish not for the friendship of one who could utter words to revile his blessed memory.' Dorothy spoke with a quiet dignity that 'there was no gainsaying, and the haughty Lady Winifred passed out of the rectoiy, a hitter laugh upon her lips, a bitter pain at her heart. She could not understand such love and faith as this, and from that -moment she felt that Vivian Thornleigli had never belonged to her at all. ' After an interview with the Countess of , jBelmorc, sho caused a denial of any engage ment between herself and Thornleigli to be sent to the local and London press. No sucli engagement had over existed save in the minds of scandal mongers; Lady Winifred Charrington and Vivian Thornleigli had been acquaintances and nothing more. The same post carried the following letter to Lord Brougham, who was staying at his town house, now that the funeral of his uncle was oven . My Dear Lord: — If you. are still in the same mind I am willing to become you wife. You have probably, heaid of poor Mr. Thornleigh's untimely end, and the notoriety of another of his love affairs. If you take me, I shall come to you dowerleBS, and I have no affection to offer j I can only be grateful to you for rescuing me from a position of ignominy. Faithfully yours, Winifred Charrfngton. After this letter was gone sho almost re gretted writing it. She had to confess to herself . that she had no respect for Lord Brougham. His mad passion frightened her. But the die -was cast, and she must abide by it. . ' CHAPTER XXXI. 'YOU Alili THE ONLY MAN I CAN TRUST!' Lord Brougham and his friend St. Aubyn were glad'to' leave Earnham Hall, the ancestral seat of the Broughams, after the funeral of the old lord. After reading of. the will, the new master of the Brougham title and all that appertained thereto gave his steward carte llanche in the matter of refurnishing the country-seat. There was no lack of money in the coffers that' held the gold of the late lord.'* He had never married j and because of some disappoint ment in his youth, had lived the life of a | recluse, while his riches wore multiplying on -? every hand. From -Farnham Hall, which was situated in the heart of tho beautiful country of Surrey ' the young men went to London. ' Brougham was determined to rent a town house forthwith, and the first day was spent in hunting for a suitable place in the W est End. Not only was my, lord successful, but lie took possession of a furnished - mansion in Kensington Gardens the following morning and wired to Farnham for half a dozen servants to set the placo in order. Within two hours they arrived under the wing of the housekeeper, a,ud ho soon had tlio pleasure^ of occupying tho library for a short conversation with St. Aubyn. ' At last,' he said, ' I can survey my surroundings with an air of proprietorship, and I can assure you, 3t. Aubyn, that tho sensation is most delightful. Until to-day I havo merely boon a guest in somebody olscti house, and have expended ingenuity enough in my short career in fishing for invitations to make the fortune of an inventor. I think that you can appreciate that,' He laughed in a disagreeable manner, and St. Aubyn^scowled savagely. 'ji am in the same position still, and do hot need any reminders,' he said, sulkily. ' But wait with patienco, dear boy. The old girl will not live forever.' ' Curse it!' growled St. Aubyn. 'By all appearances slie will outlive me, and is as changeable as a weathercock. . After all, , I may find myself nowhere in lier will. And in the meantime how am I to live on a beggarly . two hundred a y oar ? It is barely sufficient to buy gloves and cigars with ! Like you, I spend my life in sponging upon anybody who will have the kindness to take mo in.' ' And getting . into trouble,', laughed Brougham. ' ' Yes,' and getting into trouble. My only hopo is a good marriage;' ' Why don't you skip across the Atlantic and pickup a pretty .American girl with an ocean of ducats. They are all pretty and rich over there, I've heard, and aro ready to hurl themselves at anything in the shape of a man who is a live lord.' . I would if I could raise sufficient to pay for a decent berth. Why didn't you go ?' sneered St. Aubyn. ? ' You see, I was not a live lord — only a pre sumptive, a,nd the- Yankee girls won't take chances,' laughed Brougham. ' . ' This sort of thing may be very edifying to you,' St. Aubyn said, ' but hanged if it is to me. Poor as I am, i would not take the richest American girl who would be willing to have me. You know why.' 'Yes.' Brougham lighted a cigar, and watched his friend for a minute. 'Yes, Iknow why.. You are bent upon the conquest of Miss Dorothy Sutherland, whether she will or no. Look here, St. Aubyn ! Take a fool's advice, and give up tho game !' ' Never!' ' You haven't a ghost of a chance. I tell you that she will marry Thornleigh in face of everything. Of course if you could win her I should simply be delighted. It would be an all round revenge upon our mutual enemy, and the Sutherland girl is pretty and rich. The -rector is worth a pile.' ' I will win her,' declared St. Aubyn. ' By fair means or foul. I am madly, insanely in love with her, and this opposition only made a resolve that I have not carried out.' ' Except pop off the countess,' laughed his companion maliciously. At that moment n, servant announced a visitor, and Mrs. Haredale almost followed upon the woman's heels. St. Aubyn extended his hand while Brougham said, carelessly : ' So have you found us out, eh ? I did not expect so soon, Violet. Any news ?' ' I went to the Langham from whence you telegraphed, and they gave me your new address, my lord.' ' Yes. Speak out Violet ; Lord St. Aubyn and I have no secrets.' ' Have you been too busy to read the papers ?' slie demanded. 'Why? We haven't looked at one for a week.' His cheek paled, and lie was all life in an instant. ' Oh, it is nothing that you need be afraid of,' laughed my lady's companion, ' exactly the reverse. Vivian Thornleigh is dead. Read this.' She spread a newspaper before then, and watched the varying expressions of their faces, a mocking light in her cruel eyes. 'You have only to speak for. my lady's hand now, Lord Brougham,' she said. ' And it will not be long before you hear the merry jingle of wedding bells !' He was too excited to reply for a few 'moments ; then he turned to St. Aubyn, re marking: ' Your way is clearer now also.' 'Well,' exclaimed Mrs. Haredale, 'I must go. I should not have troubled you but for this. If I have any thing to communicate I will send it here by post. Lord Brougham watched her from the win dow as she walked away, a curious smile on his lips. Then he turned to St. Aubyn, saying : ' It never rains but it pours ! Was ever such luck before ? My . dear boy, we can simply carry all before us when the work in hand is finished. I do not sec a single bar to our success.' ' Do you include me in the ' we' ?' ' I include'Lord St. Aubyn in everything at present. I have been guilty, like most young men, of paltry little wickednesses which it would be unwise .to mention, in a lady's drawing-room. You have likewise been in discreet, only your indiscretion would land you for a term of seven years if found out. Mr. John Desborough is acquainted with my follies, and threatens to proclaim the same to the world in general, and Lady Winifred Char rington in particular, unless I withdraw my claim to that lady's hand and heart, because he lias become smitten with hor charms him self. , Very clerical behaviour, oil? And. I know, the enormities of which you aro guilty —buying jewellery to the amount of five fig- ' ures in the aggregate, and pawning it tho, same day for a triflo of the ' ready.' Very serious offence, terrible depravity, etc.' ' Stoil it!' fnmprl fit. Anlnrn o-loTi-ti fr of . - -i- --- — — — '-''j*4, fcj 'o ' his companion wickedly. Brougham laughed and, continued : ' Now if my clerical friend knows as much of me as . I suspect, it will bo necessary for that gentleman to receive his quietus. This question I shall .not detormine until I have interviewed the enemy to-night. In the event of tho nuisance having to be put away, my very good friend, St. Aubyn will have to assist me with his personal influence, for tho work will require to be artistically treated. In return I shall give tho said Lord St. Aubyn sufficient cash to save his aristoaratic feet! from the treadmill, and to save liis aristocratic fingers from the demeaning occupation of I ' oakum picking !' .- ' f ? ' This ground has already been gone over, and I object to ausoless repetition,'' St. Auby n said, sulkily. 'We are all very good until we are found out. I was; forced to raise money, and when I obtained the jewellery *1 intended paying for it.' . ' That sort of story will not do foiva judge and jury,' my friend. There is a certain place, supposed to bo the abodo of a gentleman with a bad name, beautifully paved_ with 'such in tentions as yours. Gloss it over as you may, you are guilty of the grossest kind of fraud, and when the counsel for the prosecution addresses the jury in this way : ' Gentleman, the prisoner at tho bar is an unworthy scion of tho old British aristocracy, a man who has had all tho advantages of a carcful education and Christian training, and lie employs those blessings, vouchsafed to* so few, to the decep tion and ruin of men who live by the sweat of their .brows— lie employs them with a bold effrontery, backed up by his ancient name and aided by an unscrupulous cunning which proves the depravity— — _ 'Will you cease!' cried St. Aubyn, a r6ct spot mounting to each cheek. 'All this may bo fun to you, but I toll you I will not stand it. I confided in you as a friend— I believed you to be my friend— ? ? ' And so I am,' laughed Brougham. .1. am only placing before you the enormity of your offence as the British public would regard it. I know that in your virtuous soul,' ho sneered a little—' I know that in your virtuous soul you never meant anything very naughty, but as to confiding in me, why, my dear fellow, I saved you from Toeing served with; indictable summons number one by presenting the warrant officer with a fivor. Then he told mo all that I wanted to know. My only astonishment is that tho law bothered with a . summons. In tho case of a poor man of lowly birth — well, ho would have been arrested forthwith. Tlie.bit of blue paper charged you with obtaining a tiara of diamonds from a Bond-street jeweller, value two . thousand pounds. You gave the names of various nobleman as your friends, not one of whom 'would touch you with a long pole, you promised payment in due course, and pawned the diamonds the same day for three hundred pounds. Now if this ever came into court, many similar charges would appear against you — so I propose to square the obstreperous creditor — a course which he anticipates. I have an object in telling you this, St.' A.ubyn ; I do not wish to flaunt your follies in your face, but to awaken you to the danger in- which you are placed.' 'You mean that I am entirely in your power ?' his companion said, sullenly. ' Well, you can put it in that way if you choose.' ' I will not endure this.' was the fierce re tort, and St. Aubyn sprang excitedly to his feet. 'You have driven me a little too far. Rather than be your tool—the tool of the friend I have trusted — I will appeal to the countess. She dare not see the name dis graced.' 'Very well,' replied -Lord Brougham coolly. ' In that event I shall be little the worse off by the loss of your society, and financially very much in pocket. But don't don't forget that your little peccadilloes will reach the ears of everybody at Coombehurst particularly those of pretty Dorothy. Where will your chances be then ?' St. Aubyn dropped back into his seat and moodily chewed the ends of his mous tache. 'You are right,' ho said at length. 'I should run many risks by that course, and that upon which my heart is set.' A triumphant light blazed in the eyes of Brougham. ' I know that you would see as I do in the end. In my opinion this business will unite as is a sort of partnership for life. It will be. mutual in every sense. There is no question of one holding a living threat over the other. For the moment I have the upper hand, but as soon as I confide my plans to you, yoiu can promptly turn the tables upon me. You have exaggerated my position, my sentiments to wards you. I have merely told you ugly facts and you fly into a rage. I have mado these facts look as hideous as possible lest you regard my proposals with disfavour. I want certain work done, and you are the only man I can trust. I am willing not only to pay for this — to make a free man of you, but at the same time I place myself in your power. I want a life-long bond of friendship to exist between us, and I ask you to take my hand and to trust me implictly. ' I believe that I misunderstood you,' St. Aubyn confessed, taking tho proffered hand. ' I am very sensitive you know — a fellow in my position cannot help being so.' Brougham lighted a fresh cigar and handed one to his companion. Thon ho smoked in silence for a few minutes. ' We will come to business now,' he said, at lencrth. ' and action must ho slinm nnd decisive. I am in the hands of this Des- ? borough, if he knows of certain incidents in ; my life abroad. I shall learn to-night how much he does know. If dangerous, he must ' be put out of the way until I am safely married to Lady Winifred,, because ho threatens to make things particularly warm for me. I am not guilty of anything very bad — something like yourself, you know — but if exposed, I * might have to ran tho gauntlet, lose Lady Wini- : fred and all tho splendid prospects before mo. I tell you, St. Aubyn, rather- than suffer this I would crush the man — just wlien etfery other obstacle is swept from our path.' He ground his teeth with suppressed fury. : ' If the worst comes to tho worst, you must hire a few Night Larks to meet him and thrash liim — just as much as they please. I only know the gang by reputation. You have been a patron, and aro still. This is .ill I aslc of you.' St. Aubyn breathed a sigh of relief. ' I am quite ready,' ho said, ' and am glad that the commission is no worse.' Brougham laughed. 'You expected murder ?' : 'I did.' They looked into each other's eyes, and understood, for both smiled significantly. ' You will do nothing until I return and' report to you tho strength of this very lioverend Mr. Desborough.' St. Aubyn nodded, and an hour later Brougham drove away in a cab to keep, his appointment with John Desborough. CHAPTER XXXII. ' I AM ALlil'IRT CAIiSTAIIiS.' Brixton is a handsome London suburb some four miles south-west of tlio 'great city': It lies on tho Surrey side of tho Thames, being equally accessible across Waterloo and Blackfriar's Bridgos, It is a little too preten | tious for the factory hand, but is a veritable I paradiso for the city clerk and the mastor shopkeeper, who throw off all thoughts of I serfdom when the labours of tho day aro done, arid with the aid of a little cheap jewellery and cigars made of cabbage-leaf, imitate to their hearts' content, the big wigs who lord it over them in the great city. i When Lord Brougham's woll-appointod hansom rolled through the. main street it was fast growing dark, and tlio church clock was striking nine. Most of tlio shops wore closed, and tho thoroughfares wore invaded by the assistants, male and fomalo. Tho mon were armed with ponny canes, and tho air was filled with the scent of bad tobacco and peals of foolish laughter. The intellect of tho ordinary countor-jumper can go no liiglior. It had been my loi'd's original intention to dismiss the cab at tho railway station, and ho was thankful that he had changed his mind, for to have to elbow his way through this throng would have been torture indeed. In a few minutes the cab pulled up close to tho kerb stone on tho right, and tho driver checked his horse. The trap in the roof opened, and tho man announced : 'Number an 'undrcd an' twenty, sir.' Brougham promptly sprang out; saying : ' Wait-here ; I shall not bo long.' Ho glanced at the house before him. It was one of a dozen just like it, lying back a little way from tho road, and fonccd in by green palisades of oranmented- iron work. It was small and squatty, and appeared to my lord to.be altogether mean. Ho passed through the little iron gate, and walked through a stone-paved court, to the front doov, and rang- the bell. The summons was answered by a ruddy cheeked servant-maid, who admitted Lord Brougham in an awesome kind of way. She had heard from lier master ho was expected, and the knowledge that sho was actually breathing tho samo atmosphere as a real, live lord, was almost too much for her. - She conducted the aristocrat tliroiigh a narrow passage, and opening a door to tho left, ushered him into a cozy, low- ceilingcd room, tho walls of which seemed' to bo lined with books. v Sho stammered something and withdrew, closing the door behind her, and my lord was left for a. little while to his own reflections, whicli were anything but sweet. ' I must act with the greatest caution,' he thought. ' I must appear to be open and above board is all my utterances.' Ho paused and stared gloomily at tlio serried walls of shabby volumes, then ho went on, muttering under his breath : ' There is no alternative if he presses me too closely; it is cither — — ' i The door opened and John Desborough walked in. , ' He cast a quick glance toward his visitor, at the same time inclining his head as a sign of recognition, saying,: 'I am glad that you have kept the appoint ment, Lord Brougham:' ' His lordship arose and held out his hand, but the young clergyman pretended not to see it. ' This is the first time I have visited Brixton,' smiled Brougham, easily. ' A decent place of its kind, but — er — pardon me, Mr. Des | borough, I quite expected that you would I have chosen a more enlightened field, to judge Urr +1,o nl,DO -' n sneer in his tones. ' You are reported to be a soi't of modern Nestor and Solon rolled into one, you know,' he added, laughingly, ' so fthat I quite expected you to be dispensing ?your learning in the neighbourhood of the upper ten.' , ' I think that my knowlege for the present is quite sufficient for one member of the upper ten,' replied Desborough, with a cold smile, and my future action depends- entirely upon yourself, Lord Brougham.' His lordship bit at the ends of his golden brown mustache fiercely ; then he said : ' I am here to listen to anything 'within reason, Mr. Desborough ; the fact that I have obeyed what was almost a command of yours, proves that. You made various assertions at Coombehurst to which I listened quitely, .al most in fear, because I have no wish for any scandal to get into the papers. You declared that I was a married man, and that my wife was living, and that if I did not relinquish my attentions toward Lady Winifred Char rington, you would expose me. Now, sir, I think that I can prove boyond doubt that the [woman I married is dead. It was not a love jmatch in any sense, for she was twenty years ioldcr than I., It was prompted merely by my gratitude toward a woman who had been most kind to me, who had nursed me through a long illness, without any hope of reward, for she never know, that I was anything but plain Robert Carstairs. I had been out in the bush for months, and was down with malarial fever. , She pulled me through, and I married her in a fit of weakness, while progressing ?toward convalescence.' j, He took fromliis pocketa bundle of papers, and continued: ' Here is the whole affair reduced to writing, . together with the namo and address of the ' minister who married us, and who read tho burial service over my wife five months later. You aro at liberty to cable to Australia, to Molbourne, for all the particulars you wish, to set your mind at easo, and I will defray the expense. Now, I ask you, Mr.Desborougli, after you arc satisfied, to let the matter rest ? where it is, as it will only creato objectionable gossip, since I havo so lately assumed the title of Lord Brougham.' ' 'To which you have not a shadow of a claim,' interrupted Desborough, sternly. | Brougham laughed aloud, f 'How do you malco that out, Sir. Desborough ?' h6 said, trying to look amused. 'How do you niako that out? I suppose you will threaten to contcst my uncle's will next ! 'or, perhaps, you will declare that I am not a Carstairs at all !' ' No, I shall not do that, but it will bo some thing equally torriblo for you. I shall show that you aro not tho heir — that you are not llobert Carstairs. I shall show that your real name is Albert Carstairs. I have nothing to do with this business in Melbourne — I l havo nothing to do with your brother's wifo, I ; who may be dead ; I havo to deal with Albert 'Carstairs, who lias successfully personated that brother for several years, has oven deceived his own wifo, by shaving off his black whiskers and dyeing his hair, moustache arid , eyebrows, a goldon- brown. I do not wonder at tho ease with which you havo 'carried out tlio decoption ; for eight or nine -years alters a youth into a man, and tho marvellous resemblance- ? ' ? ' My dear sir,' said Brougham, '? were it not for the absurdity of . what you allege,. I Bhould bo inclined to anger. I must acknow ledge, though, that I am not surprised at anything after the. dark hints with which you ?enveloped mo a few evenings ago. I was annoyed then ; I was bitterly indignant ; but .now I treat tho throats, tlio allegations, tho I ? : ' rodomontade for just what it is Avorth. I intend to marry Lady Winifred Charrington in spite of you, or anybody else. Sho has given me hor promise, and now, luckily, thoro is no bar in my way, for tho faithless Mr. Thornleigh has boon good and considerate onougli to get drowned.' 'I amawaroof that— poor follow !' John Desborough said. ' And the sad ovont only hastens my movements to expose as great a scoundrel as ever breathed, and that, Albert Carstairs, is yourself ! 13 von liow, I give you twenty-four hours to consider tho situation, but only for tlio sake of tlio ' poor creature known at Coombehurst as Mrs. Harcdalo, but who in reality is your much-wrongod wife, to whom you havo but recently learned you aro legally bound. I havo already cabled to Melbourne ; , I did so nearly a week sincc, and I have recoived a lengthy report to-day from an eminent firm of lawyers, who mako criminal business a specialty, and who havo every detective of noto at tlioir finger-ends.' - Ho looked hard at Brougham, wlioso face had. blanched to tho liuo of death. . ' Curse you for a meddler !' lie liissod. 'No, no ; don't waste words ,upon me; you have said far' too much already', and much as I admire your coolness, I abhor yon for the , merciless scoundrel that you are!' ' And this beautiful report,' sneered Broug ham. ' Where is it, my clerical dotectivo ?' ' Horo is a copy of it. Road it, and then I am ready to make terms witli. you, for your wife's sake, for your child's sake.' Ho tossed a folded sheet of note-paper toward Brougham tlAt had lain before him on his desk, and, with trembling fingers, his' lordship opened it and read : ' The brothers Carstairs, after being .court martialled, were dismissed from the 'British Army, and made their way :to the golddig ging wlicro tlioy lived, by gambling and cheat ing. Three years since, or thereabouts, Robert, the elder, was killed in a skirmish with bush rangers. This was the story told by Albert, who retiu'nod with a bullet- hole through his left hand. As there were no outlaws in that part of the country where Albert alleged tho fight had taken place, it is . very probable tho brothers had quarrelled, aud did all the shoot ing tliems61vcs. Albert disappeared that day, and has not been heard of here since. Des cription of men : Both tall, fine fellows, with dark gray eyes, personally very much alike ; Albert dark ; Robert much fairer.' ' Well,' Brougham said, at length, ' thero is nothing in this. I acknowledge that Wo wore wild fellows, but thoro is an error in the Christian names, that is' all.' 'You persist in this ?' asked Desborough. ' You swear that you are Robert?'' ' Most certainly I do.' 'Thon I shall not mince matters longer,' he replied, determinedly. ' I believe that you are Albert, and it is my 'duty to piovo it. I remembered noticing the day that I married you to Mrs. Haredale that thero was a slight malformation of' the tip of the small fiiigcr of your left hand. I saw the' same finger at Coombehurst. I believe that you aro Albert, and to prevent any trickery, I shall have you arrested now. There will bo no difficulty in doing so upon this report from the Melbourne police. It almost charges you with tho mur der of your brother, and thero is' abundant motive. If the prison barber shaves off your hair, I' think that tho later growth will be a different colour.' (To l-e continual.) 