PiLITICAL PROGRESS. jlo Gag : Could'e mouth-organ. Bather roiitrb for the Hose to be cat down j by a Gardiner. .eCopeland'B S1 battle-axe ' one of the axe p .'the upoBUes— of Dibbs I A Rose by any other name would have - been just as hardly oat Upon* j Friends of the Gag in Labor's ranks : Cann, Davis, Fergusan. Nicholson. I Cries of 41 The Gag,' 'Order/* 'The gag be *1 ? d.' — JJt'bati ( i» J^rlinvisnl. \ Mr. Ewing : No sane mm believes that ! England's greatness is due to Freetrade. 'Tariff Reform.' Amendment by Sir acorge Dibbs. ' Chlo*reform ' for Reid. j Mr. Carroll is ' a Protectionist, and no iufller.' That* is what Mr. Carroll sayB. i llr. Garrard conducted mmBcU like a sap* beaded schoolboy on Thursday afternoon. Tasmania intends to empower a Commis lion io control Civil Scrvice appointments. 'Trying to gag tlie bells,' said Mr. Rose. Ikary Irving always ' gagged' 'The Dr. Ross objects to Mr. Reid ' tinkering roth the tariff.' He thinks G, H. is no .linker, k1 GbostB at Singleton.'* — Tbe Old Man's «t Hpook must have broken bounds at A'ama. Ex M.P. Cotton appears to be developing tma of the characteristics of a block nasber. j Canada haH refuBpd the franchise to r vameu by a majority of 5b in the House of Commons, ,Mr. O'SulIivan is surprised that Mr. Drunker proposes to bring good times by ? taxing the land. The Government has eo far made so appli cation lor the costs in the Payment of Members' Test Gate. The Government has no warrant for pro pounding its policy which is the meanest In the world — Copeland. The other colonics arc waiting for Now Fouth Wales io make some move in the direction o£ Federation. Tlsc Deputy-Chairman : » The use of the Irani 'gag' is most, disorderly.' Mem.— ilr. Gould did not reply. Mr. Reid : 44 The Income Tax Assessment riill mny not pnss until July 1.' Mr. Lyne : ?'J It will not pass at all.' 1.0.000 Civil servants spend several hours a day cursing Rctrcncher ltaid* Thus ie the time of Ihe public wasted. Mr. A. Chapman : 'Though I am a Pro tectionist! 1 will vote for the Income Tax.' Sir U eorge Dibbs : 11 Rat.' Mr. Daugar and Mr. Alex Brown arc indienant at the disrespectful treatment of ihe Lords by the Commons. If Tom Rose is not more careful in his leiercncc to the Japanese, we may hear something drop before long. The Medical Quacks Suppression Bill, as amended by the Council, will be considered by tbe Assembly on Tuesday. 11 Hut what came ye out for to see ? A Reid ttakea with the wind'/' Who dares doubt ha fcresight of the ancients ? Sir Geo. Dibbs wants tariff reform shelved till a.T). 11)00. Why not till a.d. 2000 1 Reid will not be in Parliament then. I The Singleton ghost has been snap- j cawerad. Mr. A. J. Oould is willing to be I d— d if he can see any likeness. The Gould gag is likely to be removed bom the list of articles necessary to the pre serration of the peace in prisons The latest : The Japanese Government is trying to secure the services of Mr. Eddy, Eddy stock is evidently going up. Mr. Edden complained on Thursday that fc Coal Mines Rill was being considered in m Upper House of four members. Mr. JSllis thought that whiskey and cigars might have been ordered in, to give tilings a proper tap-room tone on Thursday. Tom Rose incidentally referred to J. Liowenel Fag&n; as a 'baboon.' ' Balloon ' would have been better. J, L. is gassy. The Parkes and Dibbs ' creatures ' in the Upper House have, it iu alleged, formed a coalition against Reid and all liis works, Fouth Australia has notified the Imperial authorities ot her intention to further reduce the salary and allowances of tbe Governor. Mr. Reid asserts that the Cabinet is the very model of a happy political family. Quite right, They fchould all hang together* After its thirty hours' sitting (from Tues day until Wednesday night) the House decided not to do any legislation on Friday night. In the absence of tho SpertkcT in the &vi1y; part of Thursday, his deputy, Mr. McCourt, was treated to a lively five minutes by ibe Houfc. Mr. Copeland. 'This Government will yet be burnt in effigy in every town in this colony.' Mr. Ellis: 'Aud. very deservedly so, too.' Mr. Reid is going to find legitimate work for the unemployed. He has fixed the time when be will do so. On the lblh of aS'Soon* as. possible, Mr. Kidd wants to know what is the good ot cheap goods if people have no money to buy them, lie waa at latest advices pausing for a reply. Mr. Q-B-O'.SuUivan says it was not until after his appointment as ageijt for a Birmingham lirrn that Bir H. Parkes became a free trader. The Premier loft on Thursday night for Warren, where ho will be on view at the cattle show. To-morrow night he will talk politics at Orange. Mr. Crick has given notice of hiB intention to take the opinion of tbe House as to the Speaker's recent ruling on the application of ' Gould's apparatus.' The Labor Party are enamored of tbe gag. By their connivance ihe Gpccches of fiomo of the best friends of the workers and wage earners were stopped. Mr. Bmnker has promised that a copy of the evidence taken by the Bay View Asylum Commission will be laid on the tabic of the House in a few days. Mr. ' Bligb' Martiu will have a liUlo difiicully in explaining his recent Parlia mentary proceedings to hie constituents. They arc disposed to kick. Lord Brassey leaves England on July 17, to take up his dutieB as Governor of Victoria. New South WalcB will see a good deal of him in the yachting scusoa. The House adjourned at 9.60 p.m. on Wed nesday night, after thirty hour^1 sitting. 9.50 is even money— 10 to 10— against thuir pulling through the winter. The Hotel Australia seems to be a sort of sub- Parliament Hou6e. Could not tbe pre sent Government bu induced to take it over for the regular meeting place? The Upper House has appointed a select committee to insist upon some of its amend ments in the Coal Mines Regulation Jiill being agreed to by the Assembly. Mr. Charles Launcclot Garland, ex-M.P., thinks the prospects ot Wyalong good enough to warrant the construction of a railway thither, is Charley bidding for a seat ? Mr. Haynes: 'Tbe Government is bene fiting the farmer ; it proposes to put every reaper and binder on the free list.' Mr. Kidd : ' They are on the free list already.' 'You ought to be gagged,' 'It would suit your mouth better.' 'Your's is the biggest.' 'Your's is the filthiest.' 'Oh, go and chew coke 1' Debate In Parliament I ' The Gag.' 11 Not that,' said O'SulIivan, 11 call it Gould's apparatus.' Not bad for Teddy. While influenza haaits grip on him, he will not need Gould's apparatus in his mouth. Mr. Waddell wants to assist the local iron works by paying 10 per cent, more for colonially manuiactured steol rails than would have to be paid for the imported article. Mr. Thomas Rose, M.P. for Argyle, has been admitted as a law student at tho University. He will do well to study the effect of an occasional outburst ofsilenceon Judges and Jurors. Sir George Dibbs : ' Why should kerosene be given an additional two years of life?' (Be protected for two years). An Hon. Member : ' Because there iB a good deal of Bhale in the Postmaster- General's electorate.' Mr. Reid refusing to give Mr. Schey infor mation as to the 'third' Railway Com mifesioner, the member for Rcdfera threatened to move tbe adjournment of the House and force the Premier to answer his enquiry. The Temperaucc Party supported Sir Henry Paikes lor St. Leonards at the iast .ejection. 'iho wRicxtdiiukersarc ' off' him Tiuin tbie time huucelorlh He ba& been referred to as a humbug, and a traitor to the cause of Temperance. Mr. Garvan's mantle appears to have fallen an the sloping shoulder of Mr. Schey. That gentleman spoke ior three hours on Tuesday night. Mostly quoting figures and statistics. Hope Scliey is not going to develop into a ' Weary Willie.' ''What the country ^vants is a policy of roat nnd pcace.'— f'opfland. Not so, Ispw Kngland — wrong again — IZach day our need in ensues. It ie not 'rest and peace' wo want — Just howl for ' Work and Pieces.' Mr. Jnpp Gardiner started barking up the ?wrong tree when Mr. Crick on Thursday moved tlie adjournment of the House to refer to the use ot the gag ia gaol. Jupp thought the Paxliamentaiy gag, oa which he appears to have a grip, and for which he boids a brief, was being Epoken of. E. M. Clark Fays he doein't mind tbe National -Absociauon revolutionising tue country, hut be objecis to Mr. Purves, one of its presidents, commencing with cspcii meats on tbe Muncipal Council of Nerth Sydney. Mr. l'urves, who is one of tbe aldermen, has been shaking the whip at his brother Councillors. 'Hani? the cloturc' said the Member, as it stopped his flow of1 speech ; 'Hang tbe Member.' s^d the others, 'put his big head in a bag* ' On the question now before us, I'm tbe one who's fit to teach, JIc's :i talker straight from Talkville^let us stop him with 4 the Gag.'' Pagan is a rising man. ' I'm Mr. Bruuker's confidant and colleague,' he ex plained, 'and whatever that gentleman, for he is a gentleman, says or does, I agree to. He allows me to sit here among the lest of the Ministers, and I'm going to stick by him.' Fagan is consulted now on every question, and the Premier hag serious thoughts of bringing him into the Ministry. TATSISY'B CO'DOLEaCE. Av ye'd tould us, Varney, long ago How tings was wid ye, honpy, We'd ethood behind you, Varney, 'vick, Min, muscle, manes an' money; Hut, lnit',you showed thedhirty dbrop, We'll have to lave ye, laddy, And find another, more unlike Our Grand Old Man— yer daddy. Tho Premier, in introducing his tariff proposals, trusted he would meet with no ' unjustifiable opposition.' This got bir George Dibbs' backbone up at once, and he promised to light every item. This iB a big contract, and will not bo accom plished by smoking in that little den of bis upstairs, ftrticorge will have to take part in tlie rough and tumble if he means busi ness. Mr. Kwing said ho would now proceed to discuss the theoretical aspects of Freettade and 1'i'otection Friend Kwing, why use fuch a threat, You'd tiro us when we're weary, J)id ever a man of wisdom yet Fi^ht stubborn fact wilh 'theory.' Stick where you are, for fact is strong — Your head's near 'in tho collar' — As ? Jlinistur 1 we'll hear ore long, Vour ' theory * of tho dollar. Copeland waxed a bit pugnacious during the lat9 debate. Said he was a Freetrader once himself. Hence brains were sometimes found in their ranks. Ho clung on to Rcid's fiscal skirts as cloBely as the h 'rt)[){-bn^cu equina does to the horse over in New Caledonia. To placate the hon. i member, liefd offered to re-christen, at Government expense, this Insect, and call it . tbo HenrieoboBCUss Copelandii. Copeland could not sec tbe joUo. It's a-camin\ it's a-comin'— we can feel it in the air, Fiom beside us, in the distance, here and I there, and everywhere : And it starcB us in our faces, plain as writ ing on the v?a!! — When a man don't back the Government, he mustu't speak at all. I For tbcy'vo took the Gag from prison, I And they've got it in the House, I And they're goin' to use it often, 1 We can tell you, nitre now. i So tbe member who'd unburden From henceforth his leaden &oul;, ' Will do well to bear in mind bis Tongue's 'neach Government control. The ever-green Eddy question has cropped up again. The Government plainly funk the issue. Consequently, when the bottom has been completely knocked out of the Bngisb engage ments 89 H*ar V^'iatuids ^ said ? to have been positively slnng at the Chief Railway Commissioner, the yarn is started that Victoria so hankers after him that it will go still further in the way of multi thousands. The tiddy stock ie rising, and I, for one, will not be surprised to learn that he is to be appointed Governor at £10,000 a year. New Version'. ' We won't go home till morning' singe the M.P., ' Hip Hooray 1 We won't go home till morning, until the break of day, For George is now a daddy, a happy, hearty pa, And when he keeps us there all night, our wivcB know where wc are. Wc won't go home till morning : there isn't any need, Since George's got a baby — a little Georgie Reid— He's settle! downj rcspcctablc, so let us give a cheer, And pass the bottle every time, till daylight doth appear. 