CHAPTER IV. ' AT THE PAIR. .. : IT was a Saturday evening early, ia the hist of the autumn months, and, for the ; time of year/ the weather was excep ; tionally tine and warm. The sun had gone down au hour or two ago; a full moon of deep yellor hung low in the heavens, and overhead the pale stars faintly twinkled in the gigantic arch- way of the Bkies. All the maia thoroughfares leading from the surrounding villsges to the town of Holliogford were crowded with v people who were making their way some,in carts and waggonettes, otherd on foot-towards the wide patch of waste. land on which Hpllingford Pleasure Fair was held twice a year. Among thosa who journeyed on foot ' were Shadrach Deane and his "sweet- heart!, Nannie Wilson, and with them were several pairs of lads and lasses from Amberswood village, and like themselves all were bent ou a night of rollicking enjoyment. : All the members of the party wer8 ?-' in the highest of spirits, and as they ;stro)led slang two by two, each lad -with his lass on his arm, they chatted \i in the gayest tones, laughed per- petually, and made merry after the : thoughtless, light-hearted fashion of yoong folks who have money in their pockets and plenty of fan before them. ' Presently Shadrach and Nannie and their friends entered the ancient-look ? ing and triangular, shaped Market Place of Holliogford. Here the vehicles, were landing the country ?'. people, and the scene presented was one of the liveliest kind, for the wide space was .absolutely packed with all «ort9 and couditions of townspeople and villagers; all manners and kinds of stalls and hucksters' stands-while the air rang with every variety of noise. Botchers were vending their meat in stentorian voices ; the sellers of cheap : prints and-odds and ends of drapery . were extolling their wares to the unsophisticater countrywomen; dealers in cocoanut*, fruit, and confectioner/ .were belauding their gooda in no uncertain tones; while men and women, lads and lasse?, and yoong children of both sexes pressed hither, thither, this way and that towards their "different destinations. Without much difficulty oar party : 'Of yoong friends made their way : through this small Babel, and in a ¡minóte or two were goiog along Mesnes lane, the na-row street, void of Bide walk, which gave\access to the fair ground from that Bide of the town ; .and soon they were amidst a great ?:- -Babel which dwarfed the one they had 'left into insignificance. ? To those who are familar with the Lancashire fairs held in populous -centres the scene which presented itself to Shadrach and his friends will readily suggest itself ; and tj those, who are not acquainted with" such carnivals; of the oaises, a few words of description ¿lay not prove amis0. 5 _"? \\. /'¿:¡:CZ Tbe Fair Ground wai an irregn v larly shaped piece of waste ; land a : couple of hundreds cf yards locg and : only à trifle less in breadth ; it WSB unpaved and unsewered, and daring' wet weather it was lit ile better thin a Stretch of mod, while in the dry season it was only a desert of dust. . At the time Shadrach and the otbere paid the place a visit the ground was hard and dry, the (lust having been Wd by plentiful applications of water. The chief feature of th9 fair was its clangor On every band arose a coi iused clamor, produced by the laughter and chatter and exclamations of the people, the noise of braying; bands of music playing in front of the booths, '?- the exhortations of the showmen to " Wolle up ! walk up !" and view Uhe wonders to be seen alone within their walls of wood and canvas, the clatter pf huge "rick-racks" awong in strong hands, the soreaming of blatant trumpets and bibulous trumpeters ; the sba-p. reports of the guns ab the '' shooting galleries;'' the rattle of the "little horses;" the whirr of the "flying boats" and other sounds, noises, and discords too numorous to tabulate. And then the shows. Fir*t and largest waa the travelling circus, with its clown, acrobats, bareback riderj and dancing giris-the latter bedizened rouged, powdered, and capering about the platform in front of che show to the hage delight of the gaping crowd below. Then came the 'Galleries of Art." -big peep shows with various pic tares; next the ghost dhows and con- juring shows, to suggestive of inex- plicable mysteries to the simple mind.. '. Next were the shows containing the mammoth stallion and the miniature pony, the Patagonian -, giant, the Russian dwarf, and the Circassian beauty, all for one penny ; the boxing show, whete a huge black aod half a dozen vi lianous- facéd* pugilista invited the beat man in : the. crowd tó á garnie bf fisticuffs ; . the : pea' saloons, where Í the lad8. *Qa< ' lasses were; regaling themselves with plates foll of boiled black peas ; the toffy and cake stalls, where lads were trying to win toothsome morsels by speculating their pence and halfpence on the ' turning boards/ as the ronni disc and the spinning pointers were called ; while over all was the bowling, scream- ing, hooting, hissing, discordant upr jar of Hollingford Fair. With Nannie on his ann Sha^raeb forced his way alongside the front of the booths, and the rest of the party 'followed as best they could at their heels." Each of the youog men had a 'pocket fall of money,' and as each was' out with bia favored one, - there was no thought of sparing their well won cash. - - .v;;..!' -;.V . They went the whole round of the shows, seeing all there was to be seen and enjoying themselves to the utmost in their own simple fashion. Then, when the booths were exhausted, they repaired to the . swings, to the "tickling boxes," and the shooting ranges, where numberless pennies wore expended in the vain endeavor to find the bull's eye and ring- the bel). It was while the young miners were bandiiog the suns and their sweat hearts were etaoding behind watching them, that one of Nannie's companions touched her quietly on tb« shoulder, remarking ia a low tone : . Look over there, Nanni?.' .Where? What is it, Peggy? the girl askei ai she tarried roand. < : ' .'There, beside the horses.. Don't! you see him? It's David Sonth wortb.' 'Oh; I see him' now,' the lass responded. 'There he is dodging away among the crowd.: Let him.go. I don't care for him, and I never did,' Nannie said, war.uly. , 'But you should have seen the I nasty look on bis face, Nannie, when he saw us all - here together, and Shadrach there with as. He just locked as if he wanted to throttle somebody-very likely Shadrach there." < . ' Bat why should he, Peggy.' . Became yon have chucked-'him over, I daresay.' ' Chucked him- over ! ÍHOW could ] chuck him over when I never kept his company.¥. . David used to say you did-' »Then he told a lie.' « Well, everybody knows that he likes you,' the lass namei Peggj responded, 'An'now that he has sees yon »ith Shadrach he's certain tc work yon both all the ill-will he can.' 'Let him!' Nannie cried, stoutly, feeling quite safe in her love and bet lover's keeping. ' I can take care ol myself, and I dare say Shadrach cap do as mach for himself.' As the girl voiced those words she swept the crowd around with her eyes, and eaw David Southworth again, He was standing behind a group ol red-checked and plump-bodied country women, and, owing to his great height was looking over their heads straight at Shadrach Deane, who wai just balancing the gan at his shouldei preparatory to firing. . She watched David keenly. The« was a deep scowl on his great dari face, and a vicious gleam in his eyes She feb instinctively that Southworth'i soul waa moved to its worst depths and that ho would not scruple whii his evil passion waa moving within bin to wre ik his animosity upon her lover Just as that thought flashed tbrjugl Nannie's mind she saw David turu his eye caught her's for a moment, eb< snubbed him with a look, and he strodi away and was lost in the throng. The girl : turned to her friends anc paid no mora heed ? to the incident She had never given David Sooth worth any encouragement in hi wooing, and so, she considered, sh was not to blame for any ' disappoint ment he might feel at that moment. ; Half aa hour later, when both th young man and their sweethearts hai drunk their fill of noise and fun ai« frolic, they all set their faces toward home,'taking a short cut, which le them through shady green Une: quiet wco31and , and sweeb-smellin meadows The great yellow harvest moon wa now sailing high in- the dark vau] above, and the peaceful countr seemed doubly delightful after tb bustle and clangour of the overcrowde fair. Besides, the young fol ks wei young and in love, and therefore ha no quarrel with the world. The thought, and perhaps: wisely, that lil had few better things to offer than fair, nats and ginger-bread, and th company of their lovera. The clock in the tower of the villas church at Amberswood was strikin ll when Shadrach Deane and Nanni Wilson said good night; to each othc at the corner of the Fox and Goose. They parted and each went home ward in tho hippiest framo of miro The girl lived orly a stone's thro away, while her lover badtowalkrigl along Tunstall Lane for the distance < half a mile. There were no lamps in the lam and the moonlight rendered/: light anneoeseary, but ander the trees tl shadows were thick, and one side < the read, where the hedgerow was high, j was plunged in gloom. I Swinging carelessly along, oblivious of everything but his own pleasant thoughts, Shadrach was not a little startled when a man's figure glided almost sprang from the shadow, and a deep voice exclaimed : - : I «Is that you, ShadrachDean? Wait a minute, for I want t j ; speak to j you.' ' ' Hello, David, frth*t¡ you T Deane responded, amiably enough, s tr he re- covered from the momentary : shock, and recognised -the : man he had snatched from death. ' . Yes, it's mei Sbairach,' the other made answer, somewhat sullenly, as Shadrach came lo a standstill- ??_ . 'Tm glad to 'see that you are all ' right again, David. I. supposa you've starred work ab last. I heard so.' .Thai's not what I want to talk &b3ut;,t South worth snapped out in an aggressive tone. . « Wba*j is it, then V Shadrach asked, ai he realised in a flash the. purport bf bis .fellow-aainer's presence there. . ; 'It's right about to-night-about you - and . Nannie. Wilson ! VWhat claim had you to take her to the Fair ? What right have you to come between her and me ? That's what I want to know Shadrach Deane !' Southworth ejaculated. . ? You've no right to esk me such questions, Southworth-at leaib, I think not.' #. Haven't I ! Nannie was my girl before you came here, and now- --' .She is mine!' Shadrach added, firmly. . David Southworth laughed loudly and harshly. .Is she ? Don't be cock-sure about thai. You've me - to reckon with before that job is settled.' . But if Nannie doesn't care for you Î' 'She used to care for me-would have cared for me still but for your interference. I am very sorry now, I can tell you, Shadrach Dean, that I 8houli hive to think that I owe my life to you,' Southward said, bitterly. .I am sorry - also that/ anything should have come.between us.' : ' If that is so you can easily mend matters.' - .How?' ' By keeping away from the lass alto- gether-ai you ought to have done all along. Didn't my brother tell you that Naunie aid mo were keeping company f 1 He did tel] me, and I believed wbat he said at the time. But now .What now? . I know he told me a lie !' .How do you make out f at? . 11 will tell you. Before I ever spoke to Naonie of my own feelings in regard to ber, I asked her if it wa; true that she was engaged to yourself.' . And what did she say V . ? - . She' denied it most emphatically, and said that she had never given you the slightest reason tr think she cared for you. After tbat I had a right to speak for myself ; I spoke, and now the girl is engaged to me.' " : ' You mean to marry her, then V ,'I do-as soon as I can make her a home !' Shadrach replied. 'Andi swear that you never shell marry her while I live !'. David South worth biased in a husky tone. 1 Before I'd see her the wife of another man I'd shoot her-and the man too ! I mean it, Shadrach Deatte, by heaven I do, so you can't say I've not warned you !' ¡ With that threat on bis lips ' the incensed pitman strode off, and Shad I fach pursued his homeward journey. . I ? (To be continued on Thursday). 