SEALED ORDERS o0 THE TRIPLE MYSTERY This Story h! written from exhaustive memoranda t'om the diary of Chief Inspeotor Br :ea, of the New York Pollce. CHAPTER XXXV. DOUrLT DwrOUNOND. As soon as they were in the library, Nick said .barply "Now, Chick, answer promptly and rapidly." " Yes what is it P' "How long had you been waiting in the hall-way for ms when I arrived r" "Two hours, nearly." "Who went up the stairs while you waited there r" " Dzens." " Well, who ?" "Very few whom I kno. They were ladies?" "Did you see anybody who answers to the description of that poor girl up stairs ?" ",'o; I- By Jove !" "Eh?" What?" "I woler f i t could have been she I" "Been who ?" " The eswing girl." "Eh? What of it?" "About an hour before you came, a woman with a long black wrap on her shoulders and a thick veil over her face came to the door." "Well ?" " The butler was there and at fret was not going to let her in." "Ah! Well?" "I heard hersay she bad some sewing for Miss Ethel. Then the butler bale her wait while he went and found his young mistress." "Did he find her?" "I suppose so. He came back presently and told the girl she could go on upstairs. I She went as though she knew hber way, and then I forget all about her." "Did you see her go away again ?" "Yes; that is I thought I did." "When P" "About ten minutes before you em."?' "Looked like the same one, eh 7" "Yes." " Now, what were you telling me about Ethel, and what do you m-an by all that talk about her intended flight, eh ' "Do y-n remember the ring I stole from Navarro r" "Confound the ring! I--" "She has it." "What l" "She has it, or one like it. I saw her with it in her hand to-day, and she had been crying." "Well ?t-impatiently. "To-night, in the carly part of the evening, she was alone in the library with Doctor Jernme. The eight of the ring had made me suspicious, so I got where I oonld bher what was said" 'Between her and Jerome !" s Yea'. "Well P" " I didn't hear the brat part of their con rareation, but the first words I did hear, made me open my ears wide." , What were they ' "I heard Jerome say. 'Ethel, there is no use in m?ncing words. You killed Brayton Russell! It was your hand that struck him down, and I know it ' 'No,o, no. I' she cried ; and then he went close to her and half whispered "' Nobody knowe or suspects it save our selves; nobody ever shall, If you listen to me. "And them--" "She or moaned and rocked to and fro in the u? where he sat. If he was not gailly, ese took a mighty strange way of showinr her innocence." "Humph I Go on." "When she did not answer he went yet nesarr to her. "'Listen, he said. 'When you know how much I know about that night, you will be convioced that there is no safety 'or you except through me l' "'G! leave me I she said. "'Not yet, Ethel,' he replied. 'Hear me out.' "Again she was silent and he con tinn~ed "'It was your stiletto which killed him. You went to his apartments that evening \--you saw and talked with him; nobody saw him afterward, alive. You have now in your possession, the very ring that he wore so long upon his watchabhain, and I have letters in my possession, letters which prove that you were his--' "He vot no further, for abe leaped to her fe-t and turned upon him like a tigress, "'Stop!' she cried. "He did step, for eyes wore blazing anger and she held a pistol in her hand, and it was pointieg straight at him. "'Coward!' she said, "if you dare to finish that rentence it will not be one murder, but two, for which I will stand accused!' . "He laughed uneasily. , Then suSdenlyhe seemed to forget his own danger, for he gave a sudden leap forward and tore the pistol from her "'By Heaven ' he cried, 'you shall hear me you shall 1' " Well P" she said. "I will use no more arguments; I will make no more cffera. You shall have until to-morrow evening to d'cide. I want you for my wife; you shall be mine! You shabll' "She was ca'm then. " And if I refuseP' she asked, "'Yon dare not refuse I' "' But if I do ?" "He seemed to become enraged by her oolness. He jumped forward and seized her wrist. "'If you dare to refuse and to defy me longer.' he cried, 'I will denounce you for what you are--s murderess.' "Then as it afraid to trust himself tfurther, he turned and left the room." "What did you do ?' asked Kick. "I remained where I was, watching her after he had gone." "What did she do P" "Nothing. She stood there for several minutes, as though she had turned to stone. Then she heaved a ';;h that almost brought tears to my eyes, and slowly left the apartment." "But that is not all." "hotall! WhatmoreP" "I was about to leave my biding-p'ace rnd follow her, when the curtaine st the windows moved and Eunica Gray the elder sister, staggered out from behind them. "She waas whito as a ghost, and she trembled like with an sgne "At first I thought she was going to faint, but presently she reoovered and dropped into a chair. "She did not utter a sound, bunt she badured her face in her hands and remained absoalutely modonless for sir or eight Ipsute "I did not dare to move, for fear rf betraying my presence, so I waited until a Eunice rose and passed out of the room. r Then I followed." "Where did she go to P" "To her own room." "Where is that ?" "Directly opposite Ethel's." "Well, what then! i "I heard her look the door, and then I I went back down stairs. I peeped into the ball-room and saw Ethel dancing with Paul Cobden, and laughing and talking as 1 though nothing had happened." "Humph!"' " Then I began to watch for you. for I did not know what to do." "Well?" "Nothing happened then, until the sewiag woman sem*. I remained in the hall for the triple purpose of keeping an eye on Ethel's movements, on Eunice, and waiting for you." "Go on. What next P" "The sewing girl had barely had time to reach Ethel's room and to close the door behind her, when Eunice came down." "Ah !" "She went directly to the ball-room and in a moment reappeared, followed by Ethel. Then they went to the library together. "' Again the library, eh P" ' Yea" " Well I" "I followed them, determined to hear what was said, if I could, and also to keep a watch on the door for you." " Well P" "There wasn't much to hear, and yet there was a good deal. Neither of the e girls sat down." f "Ahl" "As soon us they entered the lbrary, Eunice wheeled round and said "'Etel, by an accident, I overheard everything that was said between you and Dootor Jerome in this room, to-night. I also will give you until to-morrow evening k before I denounce you; but. T say, your only safety lies in flight. Never let me a see your face again-never 1" Then she turned and started toward the deli, CHAPTER XXXVI. Trn AiCUSIAIOr. " What did Ethel do P" asked Nick. "She leaped toward her sister with a loud cry, but Eunice stopped and waved her a-ay. - "' Do not touch me!' she cried, "Your hands are red with blood ! with the blood of your- What was he to you I"' ' And then F' asked Nick. "'Eunice,' said E:heL 'you wrong me more than ycu know. You are unjust, hard, czno. unrelentang. 1-' ', Step !' interrupted Eunice,' I will not hear you. "' Eunice, I elU upon God to witness that I am inno3ent r S' You call upon Gad 1 You ' cried Eunio. ' Do you dare do such a thing ' "'Yes. I dare I do ! But you shall have your way, my sister. After to-night, you shall never see my face again-never, unless in deatli' "I pray Heaven tbat I never may," was the reply. "Then Eunice lft the room, and I rc turned to my p"st by the front door." ' And Ethel P' * She came cut of the library a few minutes later and w'nt to her room. 1 have not s-es her sis?e." " Was it after that when the sewing girl cam- down and went out f" ' Yes." "How long P" "' Not very lor g perhaps it was twenty minutes." •' There ara other stairs but those in the honse P" " Yes; the servants' stairs." " Where is Ethel's maid to-night P" "S e was dismissed this afternoon," "By whrm P' "By Et?el." " Do you know wby P' " Inaempeteney. I think." " What time did he leave ' ' About five." ."Now, COick." "s Yes." "Bemain here and be ready for whatever may happen. I must go to Mr Gray and say or do something which will lead to the discovery of that body upstairs." " Do you think it is the sewing girl !" "I think it is somebody who personated a sewing girl-yes." "But who killed her ~ Did Ethel P " 8 mebody killed her, that is certain." "Ah ! and Ethel went out in her cloak aud veil" " Precisely." "Nick, it does not seem possible that a girl like Ethel Gray could be such a ided." "NN; it does not." " And yet." " Aed yet the woman is dead, and Ethel has fled. Come !" Nick returned to the boll-room. There were bat few of the pleasure seekers left. Most of them had called th"ir carriages and gone. The ball-room was almost deserted. Navarro was there yet, however, and he looked at Nick with a curious smile on his f'es as the latter drew n-sr. " We bare missed onu, Mr Carter," he said, genially. " Where have ycn been P" "Oh, wandering around. Where is Mr Gray P I want to see himP" "He was here a m'ment ego, asking for his daughter Ethel. I think he hae gone to her room to find her." Nick started Then he looked keenly at Navarro. " Miss Gray." he said to Eunice, "will you help me find your father P I am very anxious to see him before I go." He looked meanirgly at her as he spoke, and she, remembering their previous con versation, rose at once. "Certainly," she said. " May I not come also P" asked Navarro. He seemed determined to remain near them, and so the three crossed the room tog, ther and passing through the conser vatory, entered the front hall-way. Nick was about to ask the servant at the door if he kn w where Mr Gray could be fjund, when they were all startled by a loud and terrible cry. It was the voice of Mr Gray that they heard, and Nick knew only too well what had occasioned the outcry. He sprang for the stairs aid started up them closely, followed by Navarro. Eunice, terrified by the eound of her fath i's voice. staggered forwardad seised the halutra-'e for supp rt. Nick was the first to reach the lauding on the second fleor, but Navarro was close behind him. Richard Gray was half-way between them and the doer of Ethel's room, and he was hastening to=ard them, his face die torted by terror, and his whole aspect that rf a man who has momentarily lost his r ason. " Murder! murder I" he cried, huskily, the words refusing to be perfectly orhou lat'd. Then he turned ano pointed toward the door of Ethel's room, which now stood wide open. Navarro bounded past Nick and reached the door first. The guests down stairs, who had heard the loud cry of their host, came rushing up the stairs, sensing rather than know. ing that some frightful thung had taken place. When Nick reached the door, there was a crowd of people behind him. Then, when they saw the awful eight that awaited them, cues of horror and of terror rose on every aide. The first thought of all was that some thing had happened to Ethel. That was instantly dispelled, however, for the f.ce of the dead girl bore no re semblance to the daughter of Richard Gray. The detective was immediately behind Navarro when he dashed into the room, and he saw the Spaniard give one quick glance at the face of the dead Firl and then reel as though he had been strack by a bullet. Gray, distracted almost by the sight he had seen, was behind the others in the door-way, but as though faecinated by the awful sight, he crowded his way through aId joinod the others, close behind the silent lady. "Who-who-is--it P" he gasped. "Oh, my God! this is awfull" "Don't you know her "demsand.d lNiock, dlways odi, Richard Gray shook his head. He was about to answer, but Navarro thrust him rudely aside and stepped quickly between him and the detective. " Don't ycu know her P"he asked, coldly, of Nick. "* I "' "Yes-you! ' "No," said Nick; "I do not know her." '"Mr Nioholas Cartbr, mine-owner from Brsal, you lie 1' said Navarro, as coolly as before. , Be careful, Navarro I You forget yourself I You forget where you are," re turned Nick. " Dao 1 You are mistaken. I re member perfectly well where £ am, and I also remember perfectly well where you ware not half an hour ago." Nick started, and the Spaniard saw it. " You were here," he continued in that same cold tone. " You were here in this room not half an hour ago. I sawyonenter it; I saw you clcse the door behind you, and I saw you when you came out and went to the library with your companion. Answer me. Do you know who this dead girl was F" That same wicked smile gleamed on Navarro's face as he spoke, and Nick realised that he had been spied upon in deed. He saw that the Spaniard had him in a trap and that he was in imminent danger of having his identity made known then and there; in fact, one might almost think that the special envoy already suspected it. "Is It your wish to insult me P" he de manded of the Spaniard, dodging the ques tion he had been asked. "Yes; if speaking the truth wounds you : yes, it is." "Then I will not answer you." Navarro laughed aloud, and his mirth I seunded almost like a rese in that room of death. But Richard Gray strode forward at that moment. He had hoard enough to excite his curiosity. "Who is or who was this poor little girl P" he demanded of Nick. "I do not know, a r." Again Navarro interposed. "He lies ?" he said, coldly. "He does know." Then, as if suddenly deciding upon a desperate move, he thrust himself forward I again and exolaimed "He does know who she is. He brought her here, I saw him do it, and it was he who choked her to death I Arrest him I' I - CHAPTEB XIVILr. ITar rna sAnALr.uIA MIeA OWOLas. The command of Navarro-" Arrest him l'-was directed at random, to the horror-stricken guests assembled on the thrPshold. It was the rant of a man labor. ing under extraordinarJ exoitement. Easy enough was it for the Spaniard to shout, 'Arrest him " but nose of those who heard was an officer and all were too dased to think of taking the law into their own hands. Nick realised the impendiog danger to his ocse. It he stood there bandying words with the wily envoy from Spain, the police would soon have him in oustody. That would mean an investigation, and compel the complete exposure of his hand in order to get himself out of their clutches. And it -as the sinoere-t desire of Nick's heart to keep his mission- aye, his very vresence in Washington-unknown to the police authorities of that city. The time had possed to try to escape Navarro's trap by bantering words. He most so', and act boldly. Nick saw his o pprtunity and aco-pted it in an instant. When Navarro cried, "Arrest him I" he half turned to the guests at his back, as if lcoking among them for an cftfler. In doing so he presented the loft side of his face to the detective. So 'rcely had the words left his lips when Nick's right arm shot out straight from toe shoulder, and his large flst struck Navarro jest below the ear with a!mcs the force of an anolont battering-ram. The Spaniard was hurried against Mr Gray, and then his bc:y sank to the floor hmp and apparently lifeless. Nick knew it would take two or three minutes to restore the man to sensibility, and in those two or three minutes it behoved him to get beyond reaob. H•stily pulling one of his cerds from his pooket, he ofung it into the face of his unconscious foe, and, ressuming the air of a highly indignant person, he exclaimed " That is the way we resent an insult in Brazil. 1 leave my card, so that, if he wants further satisfaction, he will know that I can be found. Are Gray, I hambly apo'ogiss for my conduct in your house, and beg, at the Fame time, to be permitted to depart. I will see you again at the earliest possible hour." Bowing to the guests, he pars d rapid'y downstairs before any of them were able to collect their scattered senses. Chick had preceded him, and stood holdiagNiok'shat, coat andcrneinthehall. As the latter received them he whie pared "To the carriage, Chick ! The jig's up. You go with me." A few moments later Patsy was holding open the door of Nick's carriage. "In you go, Chick," said the detective to the pseudo valet. Chick obeyed with alacrity. " Home?" inquired Patsy. "Not for our lives I" said Nick, "Any place bhut the Portland," " Where then '" " Start as if bound for that place. When well beyond psrsuit, change your course and drive towards Mount Pleasant. Now, don't let your horses go to sleep." Nick was inside with the door shut, end the curtains down; Patsy was on the box and had just seized the reins when a man's form appeared in the doorway of the Gray residence. •"Stop that carriage!" he shouted. "]Murd r D> not let them escape" A policemen on the blook above heard his wild cries and hastened to the scene of excitcm~nt. He was too late. Nick's carriage was already out of sight, and the noise from its whirling wheels and from the horses' beating hoofs upon the asphalt pavement could no longer be heard. Thus passed from Washington society all further knowledge of Nicholas Carter, mine owner ; of Patsy his coachman ; and of Mr Grsy's new va'et. Not a trace of either was ever found except the carringe and two horses, which were discovered during the afternoon of that day hitched to a picket fence in the suburbs far from the exciting scenes of the early morning. The accusation of the Spanish envoy was very generally believed. The police scoepted it, end laid the unknown woman's death to the account of the absconding Brazilian and his emissaries. But those who had occasion to assoclate with tianuel bwavarro noticed that for days afterward he exhibited undue uneas'nesa. and for the time being had lost much of that imperturbable manner for which he had been admired. On the Pennsylvania train which rolled into Jersey City from the South that same evening was an elderly-looking man, dressed like a well-to-do farmer. Sitting at his side in the smoking-car was a rather awkward, green- looking young man of rustic appearance who might have been the farmer's son. Such an impression at. least was left upon the minds of other passengers. In the rear of the coach, stretched as nearly at fall length on the seat as possile, lay a still younger man, dressed in the rough clothes of a laborer. His hat was pulled down over his eyes, his pipe was held upside down in his hand, and he seemed to be making up for a great deal of lost sleep. 0! course the farmer-like looking pas senger was Nick, his seat ecmanion was Chi:k, and the young laborer asleep in the rear of the coach was Patsy. The trio were returning to New York, a step made ncoessary by the unexpected events deecrib'd in the last two chapters. Nick had not abandoned his case, however. Far frcm it. When the train stopped our three dis qnuised friends went at once to the ferry slips. Pltsy and Nick, to all appearasces etrangers to each other, took the Des. broases-street boat, while Ohick crossed oves to Cortlandt artrest. Half an hour later he was at Poloe Head-quarters, ;'s br Cog~nff d.) 