AMARYLLIS AT THE BAR. HER KNIGHT TAKEN ILL. A CURIOUS DENOUEMENT. THE BALLET AND THE BEER PUMP. PARSON EDGAR'S DEFENCE. Mr. Patrick Dnly appeared at the Oxford Tlienlrc on Sunday evening. , for the purpose of entering the lists i to chumplou tho cause of the Vic torian barmnid. At the recent con- ference of the Victorian Alliance, the question of the employment of bar maids iu hotels was discussed, nnd the Rev. A. It. 'Edgar, who opened the de bate, quoted some strong statements from the report of the Royal Commis sion on Shops, which sat some years ago in tlds city. Mr. Daly interpreted Mr. Edgar's remnrks to be. as lie ex pressed it in Ills advertisements, n "slanderous nttnek on barmaids." nnd; boasting of a considerable knowledge of the ladies of the bccr-ougiuc, he felt bound to deliver bltm-eif of tt defence of them. His qualifications were ex plained by fiimself. In bis aliening re marks. Mr. Daly is not oue of those who, us Mltton Ims It— " Use To sport with Amaryllis In the shade.' Or with the tangles of Neaera's hair;" but lie lias done a good deal in tho wny of sporting with Amaryllis at the bar. In fact, lie snid, "I have Ixhmi In nt least two-thirds of the hotels in Vic toria. and I lutve made love on occa sion to barmaids, and if Mr. Edgar can come upon this platform, and say be has nn equal knowledge of these people 1 will believe he Is speaking the truth." At the time these words, were ut tered, Mr. Edgar was not lu tho thea tre. 'Consequently lie could not. at that moment glvu the 'audience the benefit of ills own special knowledge of iKirmaids. And when, subsequently lie did put In an appearance, lie cer tainly did not challenge Mr. Daly upon tho ground of superior knowledge of barmaids, derived from making love to them. Whether his ignorance on this score was bliss lie did not state, but doubtless he would couslder It folly to be wise. Mr. Daly had laid himself out with great care for Ills chivalrous defence of Amaryllis at the bar. He had suc ceeded In securing the presence of Cr. .Tames Moloney ns his chairman. It was providential for him. us It turned out, that tie had the tteueflt of the ready tact nnd courtqsy of such a gentleman. Mr. Moloney, In fact, saved the proceedjugs from hciug a dismal fiasco, and scut the audience away after nil lu a good humor nnd with something to think about. Mr. Dnly had nttlrcd himself for tho oc casion. He wore a boiled shirt with n diamond stud gleaming in the middle of it. an evening dress suit, carried a bundle of papers of Imposing appear ance, and looked lu every way a young man In whom a barmaid might have uulimitcd confidence. Ho started very well, after Mr. Moloney had intro duced lilni In a few kindly rcmnrks. He rend extracts from the report to which reference was made ut the Al liance meeting, and was Interspersing comments of ids own us he went along. Apparently he was self- possessed and confident of his case. . Dili wiiuu uu nun uuuu going aiuuwiu ly for about a quarter of uti hour a sin gular thing happened. A burst of cheering broke from a large section of the meeting, iind all eyes became con centrated on the door on what Is tech nically kuown as the 0.1\ side of tlm theatre, near tho stage. Through thnt door had ma relied a tall figure. It cnmc Iu silently. Its entrance was like thnt of the figure in Hamlet, at the point In Act 1 at which the stage direc tion says :— . Enter GhosM The face of the figure was pale, hut its clothes were black. It Iwwcii In re sponse to the cheers, ami thou quietly made Us way across t lie front, of the theatre towards the stairs lending to the stage. Iiut.it wasn't a ghost. In fuct, tlie figure was that of tbe Rev. A. U. Edgar, who laid come to hear what was to 1m raid about himself. Mr. Daly went on quoting bits from tho report for a few minutes longer, then something was evidently amiss, for the speaker hesitated, stopimd. spoke to the chairman, and sat down! . Tlie audience wus amazed. Cries of "Go- on!" were raised. Rut Mr. Daly leaned his head on his hands aud made no sign. Then Mr. Moloney got up unl explnlned the situation. "A very unpleasant duty devolves upou me," he said. "I have to an nounce the breakdown of the lecturer. (Laughter.) Oh, It. isn't u matter for laughter. Mr. Daly is far from well, and unfortunately lie now luts to stop. Tiiis is a subject to which lie has paid great attention: in fact. I think he has been working too hard almut it lately. He is now quite uwibie to go It looked as though the meeting were going to end prematurely. But nt this IKilnt, Sir. Edgar walked on to the platform, nnd said that, he should like to say a few words. The audience cheered approval. Mr. Moloney Mild tlmt he should he happy to continue In the chair for Mr. Edgar, "who," ho said, " desires I am sure En a Chris- Hun-like and geutlemnnly way to make n few remarks. For iny own part 1 am eosmoiiolitan'cnoiigh to be desirous of hearing what lie lias to say." The audience chcorcd again, and Mr. Edgar proceeded. He said that he was not going to tuku advautage of a sick niuu, and con sequently lie should not say nil lie in tended to say. But lie did desire to say with refereuce to tlie advertise ments, "that ho had uover made any slanderous romqrks nlxnit barmaids in all tlie days of his life." (Cheers.) What ho did do, he explained, was to take the report of tho Shops Commis sion, und read extracts from it with regard to the employment of barmaids ill hotels, the excessively long hours many of them have to work, anil I ho cril Influences surrounding them. He went on to say tlmt during his work as a minister, amongst the .lowest class of the community, lie had learned much in connection with tlie unfortu nate girls, and had known that many of them had served some thne or other in some hotel. Mr. Edgar's explana tion, together with his fervently spo ken protest agaliist the long 'hours which many barmaids have to work, was listened to with the keenest atten tion, and the audience echoed his wish that nt some future time Mr. Daly nnd lie should meet and thrush out the whole subject publicly. After this, Miss Ellen Hart Insisted on saying a few words, which the chairman strictly and wisely limited to five minifies, and then Mr. Moloney brought these curious proceedings to a close with a few earnest remarks of his own. These, and Mr. Edgar's ex planation. indeed, were nil that saved the meeting from being simply farcical. No doubt, said Mr. Moloney, this was n very grave subject— a very grave sub ject indued. With all that Mr. Edgar ' had said about it he cordially sympa thised. as most other men, who bad tbe feelings of true men, must sympa thise. But there was a very deep dif-. fcrence between general sympathy aud putting that sympathy into active ope ration in IcgiHlntive shape. It was, he < thought, a very venturesome thing to legislate so as to prevent women from I taking up certain occupations; aud so blocklug what they knew were for nuiuy women honest and honorable moaus of earning a livelihood. (Cheers.) Undoubtedly It was a bad thing for youug women to go Into bars where tbey breathed a vitiated atmos- phore-speoklng In a physical sense- bud to work cruelly long hours, and perhaps In some Instances were sur rounded bjj evil Influences. And to say that as far as possible women should not have to be surrounded by such influences was quite right and proper. But It had to be remembered that women had to And a means of living. (Hear, hear.) The sphere of woman was widening. The charge of women against men had been thnt tho main sex In the puwt limited their sphere of earning a livelihood, and this charge was being more removed, nnd quite properly so. (Cheers.) Now adays women could lie seen Ixnvllng along on their "bikes," lu rational cos tume— (laughter)— and nt the theatres they could sometimes see ladles per forming "mid noddlngs on"— (laughter) and. really, when tbe leaders of society took their wives und daughters to gaze ' nt half-naked women ou the stage, could they consistently cotinleiiiwice this, and say that other women should not earn their living by serving behind a bar? -(Cheers.) He IwHeved that factories had been the means of n great deal of temptation to girls to go wrong. and had uo doubt tlmt If sta tistics could lie obtained It would be found that factories had been as much an element in degrading aud corrupt- lug women ns burs. (Cheers.) lie himself was pleased to acknowledge that tie knew many Indies— he called them indies in the bust sense of the word— who were now married happily and moving in the best society, who were formerly barmaids. (Cheers.) And these ladies, while they held their positions behind the bar, lmd never departed one iota from the path of virtue, and modesty, which it. ought to t>e tlie proud IhijikI of women to fol low; (Cheers.) It was a serious thing to legislate In such a way ns to close an avenue of employment for women, and oue that might ha fraught with great danger. (Cheers.) Anil with these remarks this quuiut meeting ended. 