THE HISTORICAL MATCH ENGLAND AND AUSTRALIA. AN EXCITING DAYs ENGLAND COMES WITHIN 20 OF AUSTRALIA. M'LAREN SCORES 120. ANOTHER GREAT ATTENDANCE. AUSTRALIA, ONE FOR 69. NOTES BY OBSERVER. All the elements of cricket) luck, ill luck, fine play and poor play-still combine to make this match a memorable one. One shower of rain might have spoiled it, and left overyone lamenting ; now, after three days' cricket, no one cares to make a posi- five prediction as to the issue. The game was begun under special circumstances. Never was the old British wish for a fair field and no favour better justified, and, so far, more thoroughly realised. One can only hope that the same state of things may continue to the end. Yesterday there was another early rush for the ground, and before it ceased 13,702 people had paid £870 4s. 6d. for admission, Monday's attendance thus beating Friday's. That of itself is eloquent testimony as to how the interest is being maintained, With the club admission the attendance reached about twenty thousand in all, and to those who had a good position on the roof of the pavilion, for example, the ground was a pretty spectacle. In that great mass of colour two spots stood out vividly-a scarlet sunshade on the other side of the ground ; a bright yellow one in the reserve. They caught the eye so quickly that had either been in the line of the wickets England or the parasols must have collapsed. We have had our joke with the lady learners at cricket but the ladies this match have rivalled even the old stagers in the intensity of their interest. They come early with luncheon bags and in lieu of sunshades broad skeleton hats and sit there through a long seven hours. They may crave for tea as steamer man under certain circumstances craves for soda water, but to get the tea is to lose their seats and they stay there nineteenth century martyrs to cricket. One lady yesterday tried for six long hours to "kodak" Stoddart, and at last Harry Trott obligingly hit a ball to the right spot. The English captain came after It -like a racehorse, and was taken. " He at last " said the artist. Another lady's sympathy for the suffering and distressed was so wide that when an English batsman, tired out with a long innings, came to the fence for a drink silo passed him her smelling salts. The Australians are popularly supposed to wear dark blue in this match. They are generally uniform at starting ; then superstition gets hold of them and there is a re- lapse into medley. Forexamplo, Albert Trott had a South Australian sash, McKibbin a Sydney light blue, while Syd. Gregory wore the colours of an English club presented to him on his last trip home. There was a heavy wind blowing from the pavilion end when play started, making it a bit awkward to work the Australian bowling, for Giffen, Trott, and McKibbin are all men who should have the wind behind them, leaving only Albert Trott to keep the other end. When the stumps were drawn on Saturday the score was 200 for four wickets, the men in being M'Laren (40) and Peel (18). There was a bit of excitement between the two Macs to begin with, McKibbin beating M'Laren with his first ball, but not bowling him. The big " Oil " from the crowd may have expressed either disappointment or surprise. The prevailing feeling immediately afterwards was one of out- spoken admiration for M'Laren's batting-a glide on one side of the wicket, a back cut on the other, capped with a second fine leg-hit. We have not had so strong a batsman on the leg side for a long time, and watching him closely one always knew when the leg-hit was coming. For a fraction of a second as the ball is delivered he stands irresolute, like a batsman caught in two minds-then as he sees the bull is short the right leg comes back, perilously close at times to the wicket, and the ball, lightly touched, goes skimming to fine leg, or in swept with more force square with the wicket. The Australians all called " Catch him" for one that Peel put up in the slips, but Iredale was not close enough. He likes to range at large in the outfield. Peel was doing most of the scoring and fairly astonishing the Australians, who had began to look upon him as a gift. " Bobby " had picked the right match for his recovery There is a belief on the Australian side that George Giffen holds both these men pretty safe though in many things cricketers are prone to accept accidents as facts where the scientific mind would ask for further proof. He come on after 12 runs had been added, and the halt in the run getting was at once noticeable Once M'Lnren looked like being run out as the ball went to Oro gone, and as a rule batsmen chivalrously decline to run when the ball goes to Gregory he is such a little fellow To hear some of the past and gone lights whose ghosts haunt the best seats at big matches on the subject of McLaren's batting was as good also sit by a connoisseur in wines when choice vintages are [ being sampled. George Parr was agreed leg better" said one, and later on Tommy Horan could score these, but this laddie will be as good as either of them In time." Stoddart in his letters to the M.C.C. spoke of M'Laren as an improving bat. When he began with 228 they commenced to suspect that he was something more than "an Improver." No one watched his progress yesterday with more pride than Briggs, who started to teach him cricket when he was a boy in knickerbockers. As M'Laren got to 60 he warmed a bit to his work, and there was a constant patter of cheering. In England, and especially the North, the cricket crowds Bit silent, just gloating over the game until something very special happens, and then a roar as if a thousand baritones had answered the conductor's baton breaks forth. The batsman's weakest strokes In the earlier part of his innings were those, in which he reached out as far as he could, showed the full force of the bat to the ball, and then let it go where it pleased. Twice the crowd thought the bowlers had dropped catches, but each was put hard down. Peel kept putting in a word for Yorkshire now and again and his was a gallant innings. The hit by M'Laren that brought up 250 was a bit close to Darling's left hand, and then a clever grand-stand catch by Harry Trott completely sold the crowd. There was a roar of applause as the supposed catch was taken-a hush-a doubtful "What, isn't he going?" and a burst of laughter as Peel took block again. The wind was blowing pretty strong just then, bringing dust from the city and thistledown from the plains outside It pretty thickly across the ground. Twice Albert Trott had looked round eagerly to Phillips for 1 b iv, but each time met a face unresponsive as the Sphynx. The same germ of thought began to grow in several thousand minds just then "Turner would be exceedingly useful now." When Peel was 48 it seemed all over with him, for he drove a ball over GI lien's head in the direction of Iredale. The fieldsman throw off his hat and dashed in for it, just got his hands on it, but failed to keep it. That Iredale missed it was sufficient proof of its being difficult. The difference between success and failure was just about two inches. In default of other fast bowling Bruce was tried and, of course, bowled the usual wide wich, as it went to the fence, counted4. "Hooray I" yelled the crowd as Jarvis appealed for a catch at the wickets, and Peel left for the pavilion ; but they hadn't noticed than it was only to meet Lord, who was bringing him out it drink. M'Lnren's Innings should have ended at CD, for his , dray e one back to Giffen, an easy catch but the bowler dropped it His hand had been bruised in stopping a last one, and this may have explained the means Peel immediately lashed out at Giffen and Iredale tried for another catch, but could t get near enough, and lost the four in trying for the n wicket Peel still scored fastest, for when it Laren was 70 he was 60 yMicre was Harry Trott all this time' some may ask fielding at point a victim to a cricketers fixed delusion It has been agreed, on what grounds I know not that he is not good at left handers In Sydney, when Dowling well He was taken off as soon as the left handers came in and yet it must be said that all the team agreed with the captain in his action One run was particularly well stolen Giffen, in his return, threw the wicket down, and while Jarvis sauntered after the ball which had rolled a few yards away the bats men suddenly made a deal for the run and got it These thingS are for the crowd, the big plums in the cricket pudding- the titbits to be remembered Another arrangement of the held was tried-and not a bad one The on side was pretty well shut off to M Laren by bringing Bruce to close in on and Gra ham equally close at square leg, the idea being to compel M Laren to play a particular ball of Giffen s straight up the wicket in stead of drawing it The new plan of attack had not been effective up to lunch, however, when M'Laren had made 78 Peel CO, and the total was 205 It is not often that a Melbourne crowd can be accused of partiality, but their recognition at this stage of the fine stand made by M'Laren and Peel was far less cordial than its merit deserved They made up for it, though, by putting more warmth into the welcome when they came back again After lunch Giffen came out in a typical South Australian broad brim, M'Laren, some what unwisely, I think, on such a day war inga cap all through The play was a bit slow for a while and the crowd wondering no doubt why Harry Trott was kept off, advised Giffen to give him a trial Cncl Peters however, hold hard by their traditions-as for example-In Philadelphia several of the best cutting batsmen of the Australian team were taken by a smart fieldsman in a new position, about midway between short slip and third man All who saw that match agree that the position is a good one if a man with the necessary nerve and quickness of eye can be got to fill it-yet no Australian captain thinks of trying a man that I feel pretty certain that something like a hundred runs were sacrificed yesterday to the delusion that Trott cannot bowl against lift banders M Sibbin, whose own opinion was that he had bowled rubbish on Saturday) could not break the stand, and Albert 1 road was tried again, with the crowd still asking emphatic plea for Harry Batsmen as a rule on approaching the hundred get very careful, and pick their bull Not so M Laren The nearer he got to it the better cricket he played, his last few being nice nice drives, as the leg side was still blocked fl when he wanted two only he hit a bit recklessly at Albert Trott, but escaped and off driving one, scored the three figures Just then the first note of failing faith was burnt in the comment "'Things are looking rather sick for Australia just as the crowd were yelling at Giffen to come off wanting to add their delusion to that of the team-the long partners h p was bred by Gregory catching Peel at mid-off The game little 'Yorkshire man, who takes success and! failure in the same philosophic spirit had played a fine innings for 73 in the making of which he hit eight fours and batted two hours and 40 minutes They went 20 better than Darling and Gregory in their partnership by putting on 102 runs It had caused the Australians a lot of anxiety, and the) pulled the macht s together now and began to look for that 1 English batting tail of which so much is heard Lockwood was so uncomfortable at starting that one of the crowd assured Giffen he had him in a knot, but after M'Laren had absolutely squeezed one between Bruce and Graham Lockwood opened nice!) by back cutting Giffen for four Vi here at 342 the ball was at last tossed to Harry Trott the crowd burst into applause and lan is s fine dust which had been MSihly shrinking, all, day, pulled out w in hope like a poster pigeon s Tactics were in evidence in the next over of Giffen s Giffen had shrewdly noticed that Harry) Trott, with his long practice at point, was just the man for close lindon at this stage, and put him in there Almost immediately Lockwood turned and, ap parent!) with the utmost deliberation, placed in ball fairly in trotts hands Giffen did not reciprocate however, for a couple of overs later when lord passed one of Harry trott in the slips, the Australian skipper missed the catch Prior to that Giffen thought he had caught him off his own bowling and especially tossed it up, but the batsman stayed at his crease with the approval of the umpire No one suspected Giffen of trying to beat his man out and when the bowler can be deceived over a bump bull no wonder people outside the fence are sometimes sold M Laren brought 350 up with astraightdnve. and the bowler had at any rate compelled him to change his tactics and play all forward The catch that Giffen hoped to get came again when the batsman had got 114, for he drove another back and again Giffen missed, everyone being astounded at this extraordinary succession of mistakes by a fieldsman usually so safe It was particu lucky exasperating to the fielding team to find a well planned scheme fail at what was naturally considered its strongest point for the object in fielding Bruce and Graham so close up was to bring about caught and bowled Giffen ' Giffi n must have flinched slightly with his injured hand, and so lost the catches M Luther excusable or not, the Australians had completely lost their reputation for sensational fielding gained in the last two matches V\ lion Lord had made 10 he Intonestrnight back to Harry Trott, about level with his face, and this, too was missed It meant a difference of one run only for Albert Trott snapped him up very smartly in the slips next over, though lord himself thought it another of the same kind us he had Mien Giffen 'J he tail was being discovered right enough Brings, who came next, was not to have the pleasure of helping either his pupil or himself M'Laren Bought to pull one of Trott's, and did it right enough but for one small incident. He stepped so close to Ina wicket that be brushed off a bail Neither the batsman nor the crowd had noticed it and the first thing that surprised the onlookers was to see Harry Graham tossing his hat in the air instead of chasing the ball It was an unfortunate finish to so good an innings, but none the less must be considered a flaw in his batting, for he nearly did the same thing on Saturday afternoon M'Laren was pretty well exhausted at the time, for a hundred runs under that sun was a hard days work, and both fieldsmen and batsmen missed chances springy Sydney turf, where there is never the slightest suspicion of jarring of the muscles be the duyeverso hard and long M I uren was batting for three hours and 40 minutes, and scored 12 fours, a peculiar thing in so long a score being that he failed to get a three hit Most of the points in M'Luren'B batting have already been noted, an J what will be remembered longest is his effective leg play. It was a singular!) even innings, too for he was never once stuck up by the bowlers, and early on Saturday gave one the impression that his time had come for a big score The Harrow tactics stood to him yesterday, for a lot of his runs were got with the School grade M'Laren s experiences on this tour are exactly on a par with his school and county records He has an actors belief in a good drab appearance, for in his first match for Harrow against Lion he scored 55 and 67, got 138 for Lancashire in his first county in a tell, and 22 on his first appearance in Australia The rest of the innings is easily told Trott while falling down shoved his hand under one from Briggs and took a clever catch Phillipson and Richardson by free hitting put on about 20 before Richardson was out I b w to li Trott, the innings closing just 29 runs behind the Australians The Trotts as usual, had a good deal to Bay in the matter, H urj '1 roll getting the best bowling average while either he or Albert 'E Nott had a shore in getting eight of the ten wickets As the Australians went to but a second time the sky was overcast and a thunderstorm threatening, but fortunately it did not burst, though for the greater part of the afternoon the light was very bad Bruce and '1 Port led off, the hope being that Bruce would score fast, for to be ready for every emergency it was necessary that they should get as many as possible on the board that night 1 either Bruce was not in the mood or the bowling too good to knock about, for the play was very slow so slow that when about thirty had been scored Gillon, under pretence of bringing Bruce a new bat, came out to ask his men to force it As noon an Bruce changed his bat the onlookers declined is a mistake and the prophecy find a singular verification, for the second bull afterwards Bruce returned one bolted, and was caught In the first innings he went out the second ball after changing, his bat There is no doubt that Bruce was not himself when he went In yesterday, and though he was more to upsetting the order of betting it would have been wiser for him to have waited until to day It would not do to risk too many workers in the forcing time, so the Australiana changed the bottles first contemplated, and decided to play out time some downright stonewalling followed, Look wood bowling eightoversfor two runs off the hat, while Peel was almost equally successful in keeping down runs The English bowling was far more exact than the Australian, for they bowled off theory, and Stoddart was easily able to do all the fielding for the 011 side. After an hour and IO minutes' batting they had scored 64 runs, so that they are now 98 on for one wicket. With the game at such an interesting stage, it is pretty safe to reckon on another large attendance to day, for this afternoon the match should reach its turning point. THE pLAY. U " OLD BOY." A.E.Trottcommeiiccdtlie bowhngfiom the Richmond end shortly after noon to M'Laren, who drove him gently for McKibbin took the ball at the other end, and from his first Jarvis had a chance of stumping M'Laren, which was not accepted. The ball was going away to leg, and the chance, if it can be called one, was very difficult. The rest of the over troubled the batsman consider able). Peel got 1 for a cut in Trott's next over, and M'Laren played the Allowing ball nicely to leg for a couple, he did better off the next ball, which he cut beautifully to the smokers' pavilion for I. Peel, back cutting McKibbin for 3, brought 210 up, and M'Laren played him to the fence at square- leg for another 4, Peel put A. li. Trott up in the slips just out of Iredale's reach for 4, and got a single immediately afterwards. Each batsman scored singles. McKibbin being applauded for some line fielding. Then Peel snicked A. E. Trott backed) for a couple, and, M'Laren having driven McKibbin straight for a single, Peel banged him to leg for 4, Phillips having to dodge to save himself. M'Laren just managed to stop one from A. K Trott, and Lyons was cheered for smart fielding at mid-on. M'Laren drove Trott hard to the off for a couple. Giffen tried to stop it, but hurt his fingers again. At LM2 M'Kibbin, who had been pitching them straight on the wicket and breaking away, was relieved by Giffen, who sent down a maiden to Peel, Trott doing the same to M'Laren, McKibbin fumbling, Peel got a single, and A. E.. Trott bowling a wide it went to the fence for 4. Only 1 resulted from a hard drive b) Peel, and A. E. Trott stopped a fast one in the slips. Peel sneaked 1 cleverly) off A. E Trott, and then M'Laren got 2, Iredale being very slow in returning, thus bringing M'Larcn's total to 00. A. E. 'Trott sent down another maiden, Peel pitt) ing every ball. Gillen then changed his field and brought Darling to short leg, M'Laren playing four balls in succession to him Peel put one up between Giffen and 11. Trott, but out of reach, and then A. E. Trott sending down a short one Peel promptly cut it to the face. M'Laren put one up out of Darlings reach off Gillen and brought 200 on the board, SU having been scored in 44 minutes' play. Harry) Trott amused the crowd with a grand- stand catch at point, and M'Laren (hove Albert Trott to the on for a couple. Both bowlers sent down maidens, M'Laren being completely beaten by one or two of Trott's. The run-getting had slowed down considerably, and both batsmen were stuck up repeatedly. M'Laren got two pairs of A. E. Trott in rapid succession, and hitting him straight for a single brought his score up to Stoddart's. Darling was still close up at leg, but M'Laren placed them nicely and scored several singles. Then Peel hit Giffen high to leg for 4, and the next ball he drove to the long-held Coledale, who should have caught him but didn't. Two resulted. The little Yorkshireman had scored 18 at this stage, Bruce relieved A E. Trott, but further misfortune aw area 1 the Australians and Giffen, for M'Laicu Intone straight back to the Adelaide man, and an easy chance was master. M'Laren had made til Jarvis appealed against Peel for a catch at the wickets, but it was disallowed, and then Peel hit Gilli ii high to the pavilion gate for 4, Iredale making a desperate effort to reach HIP ball Peel was doing all the scoring. and hit Bruce to leg for a triplet. M'Laren, now - ever, carried on his score with a fine leg hit for I, bringing his total up to Darling's. Peel back cut A. Trott torn single and got Giffen navy a) to leg for 4. Then there's li) crew were run off a last all ball from Bruce, and M'Laren hit the Melbourne man for a couple. Gillen brought Graham, Bruce, and Lyons close upon the onwards in hopes of a catch, but the Lancashire man placed the ball neatly between them several times. There were four men on the leg side (now but M'Laren son tented himself by placing them, and at lunch time the men were still together, M'Laren 78 and Peel 00. -After lunch, M'Kibbin lookup the bowling at the Richmond end, and Peel played the over carefully and scored 1 for a snick. M'Laren placed M'Kibbin nicely to leg for a couple, und 2 more were scored, bringing 140 up. Peel hit Giffen finely to leg for 1, and M'Laren got 1 to mind on. -Juill men were batting well, Peel playing everything. M'Kibbin, who was breaking a good deal, was heartily) applauded for some line fielding, and then M'Lnrin relieved the monotony by driving Gillen in fine all he to the pavilion fence, Iredale again milking a big attempt to reach the ball M'Laren was scoring list, and placed the South Australian between Lyons and Graham for a couple, and drove M'Kihbui for a like number. He then hit M'Kibbin beautiful) past cover for 4, bringing his total to 92, and then drove Gillen bars to the Indies' marquee for another quarter. Another off drive from the amateur was too hot for M'Kibbon and 2 resulted. At 322 A. K. Trott took the ball from M'Kibbin, and M'Laren making a beautiful oil-stroke for 1 brought his total to 102 amidst great cheering ; again he got A E. Trott two) for 2, this time to leg. 0 ill on had now had 104 runs scored off him without securing a wicket, but in his next over the long stand was broken by Peel hitting hiBSicund ball to Gregory at mid-off and this time no mistake was made, Syd. holding the catch. Peel had batted for 2 hours and 40 minutes, he had made eight 4's, and with M'Laren had put on 102 runs. 5-73-328. Lockwood followed and finished the over, which was a maiden. A E. Trott sent down another maiden, and Lockwood got his first in the slips off Giffen. Darling showed brilliant fielding at leg, and Bruce made a dash for one oil M'Luren's but Lockwood had to dodge a hard drive b) M'Laren, but next over he sent the ball spinning in the slips for 4. M'Laren drove A. E. Trott for 3, and 4 leg-byes were added. II. Trott relieved his brother at 312, and bowled a maiden, Gregory fielding fined). II. Trott was fielding at mid-on close up, at this time;, and caught Lock- wood cleverly. Gillen's trap had thus proved successful. 0-5-312. Ford came in and Gillen's second ball he despatched to the chains for 4. Giffen was bowling better ever) over, and took a lot of playing, and the last ball of this over he caught and threw it up. Ford, however, did not move, and Flynn gave him not out. A. E. Trott fielded well, and then George Giffen missed Ford in the slips off ii. Trott. M'Laren jumped out and hit Giffen to the fence, Iredale misjudging the bounce, and the next ball be hit mind) back to Giffen, who again missed him, a hard chance time line-. Ford drove li. Trott for 4 well to the off, and both men got singles. Ford gave II. Trott a very hard chance off his own bowling, which was declined, the ball hitting Trott in the face. A. E Trott made amends, however, for his brother's miss b) catching Foul grandly in the slips. 7-inch. Briggs followed. The game was rapidly changing, and when in Trott's next over M'Laren kicked him wicket down the tide had indeed turned in Australia's favour. McLaren, was out in a peculiar way he stepped back to bit H, Trott to the on, and did so, but in limiting the stroke his foot touched the wicket and the bails fell. It was, indeed, an unfortunate end- ing to such a brilliant innings. The graceful Lancashire batsman had been three hours and forty minutes at thcwviokrtH. He had scored 12 4's and 21 2'a. Only two ( chances can be urged against him, both to Giffen off his own bowling-one at 09 and the other. it 114\. The applause was deafening as M'Laren returned, the Australians joining in, and the board showed 8-120-JM Phillipson begun busily by driving li. Trott for 2, and the excitement. was great as Briggs played one up to wards 11. Trott. The South Melbourne made a tremendous dive, and just reached and held the ball amidst thunders of applause from a delighted multitude. The game had been getting too serious for them, but the last few overs had completely changed the aspect of affairs, and 11. Trott was the hero of the hour. 0-0 SOU. Richard son, the last man, hit out at Gillen and the hall landed near the press box for 4, Bruce being beaten in the bounce. Phillipson drove II. Trott finely to the off for 4, and -Richardson hitting him to long-leg, Giffen just failed to beat the ball in ance to the fence. Richardson scored a 2 and a single off the next two balls, and Phillipson got 3 through a mistake by Darling. Then li. Trott got Richardson leg before wicket, the batsman declaring that he had played the ball. 10-n-380. Phillipson was not out 10. The score, which had at one time threatened to assume large proportions, was thus W behind that made by the Australians. The Australians begun their second innings at 20 minutes past 1, the outer being the same as in the first innings. lllclinrd.oti opening to Trott from the Jolimont end, two byes were run, and Trott got a link) through the slips. Peel bowled at the other end, and Trott played him to leg for 2. In Richardson's next he beat Bruce with a fast one, but the following ball was packed to leg for a couple. Peel sent down a maiden, and several Bliiglca Vero scored, Bruce getting 2 for a leg stroke off Peel, and begets a like number for a cut from the same bowler A smartly run bye brought 20 up and Trott cut Richardson for a couple 1 roll got Richardson away for 4, all run to leg, and Lockwood misfielding another Bingle was added I rott cot J for a cut off Peel, and had up to this scored twice as last as the left hander Bruce made a line stroke for 2 off Peel to leg and Richardson sent down a maiden Bruce, who had changed bats in the first innings with disastrous results did the same again, and the following ball was caught and bowled by Peel 1-11-32 Gillen came next and Stoddart fielded brilliantly Giffin age and his account it ith a first) couple in the slips and Trott hit Richardson for a couple, but the next ball completely hint him Giffen got one of Richardson away through the slips for 4 and back cut Di ci for 2 trott scored 1 more in the slips off Richardson-st apncann"-nnd then hit him to leg for 2 This treatment cures d Lockwood to telle ve Richardson and he began with a maiden Both batsmen but evidently made up their minds to play out time, and as the light was but the bowling had to be treated with great leaped Lockwood nus bowline, splendid.) and runs came vtijslowlj only 2 being scored in a quarter of an hour two leg-byes followed, and a 2 off Lockwood put Trott into the thirties Maiden followed minden vane 1 by an ocean mail BILLIE J In II trott got Peel away to leg for 2 making 7 runs off the bat in 39 minutes Lockwood I bowled a no ball and with the score at 62 i rights went on instead of Peel, and Trott hit his first to lie, for 1 Ward fielding at cover point deep prevented more than 1 off the next ball and another no ball and a maiden from Lockwood (unshed the day-room 37 Gillen 14 total 69 Lockwood a figures are remarkable read in three overs 7 maidens 2 runs, 2 no balls THE SCORE S ENGLAND HlUtT SAMSON v Bracknell ht J it is his Trott in A ward li M KibbSn V A I Moolart st lands but Trott Mr J 1 Din in I A L Trott IO A O M Farrell left vi looks till Trott 1") It Peel c Gregory) b Gillespie W H Lock! wood and Trott li Giffen's I J c tons c A T Trott, li Giffen's T liver oil Trott Giffen 9 T Ilich-inlt-on I h n li H Trott 11 II 1! I shall) son not out by but dries 16 Total for no ANALYSIS 1 nails lines May lens it wickets G Giffen H Trott He 71 serious IS I St T M Itibblll PI 71 W Bruce II 7 A It Trott I cried four i idea. 11 To oil has had no bill AUSTRALIA First innings SECOND 1SM-.03 W Bruce could be Peel H Trott not out C Giffen not out Sundries Total for one wicket lion mo Richardson none for M Peel who for a 1 cockatoo I none for 2. Loss none for 0 SYDNEY, MONDAY The interest evinced to-day) in the test match was as great as during the last game played here King and Hunter-streets while the scores were posted, were thronged by thousands of spectators Hi j cheered home) at the stand made by a Laren and Pat I but still most heartily) when the other wickets fell so rapidly) 