\- JSPAYSpVIOES.44 ' JiUdWi— =r-0 .tvJFlUv'V A " christ church. ' / / The Rev E. A. Orawford.preaohcd on bimaay morning from St John, 3rd clinpter, 3rd verse.— " Excej)t;a man be Jiorn anew, he cannot.seu tho Kin&ddml; of jGod."? Thisi languago about a spifituiL birth'sis foundiiti theyGospol; wliere the evkrtdelilit'slvi- th Jt na 'many as-reeeivod" Christ received from Him the right to bcconio children "oigjEiiaeiisfiohw'ere born, "/ not- by natural birth '/only; Hut', by a birth whioh.: is divine. What;bimugHt Nioodemus to'Jesus'bynight ? It waa'.pasabver. time /when 'the streets were/full of Jews ifrora nll parts. The occasion of this nssem- blbge'iyyould .inspire national ideas', and 'hopes — and- ,we. read that many believed in -the na'mo of JesusV/seeing the signs: which Ho did. ///Nevor- theloBS;,He'did not.trustJIimself to' thom/y I'lio true/ king '6f: the Jews 'and,\of humnniiiy4would not' iiiiirich. Himself on a, faction, as':Hef.would not do homage te Satan ' in : order to win no- knowlpdgment. 'HS knew what was in man',, and He/would iiot:.thus' /proceed. -Tho feeling that this man may be tho Christ is not confined to a section' of the, ci-owd/ /' There liro men niqong the rulers who" thiiik the sauic. Is this the Christ? -Is tho Kingdom of God tb.b'e imme- diate|yr Bet up ? , Full of .thoughts concerning the Kingdom of God whicli Messiah was to - estab lish;. Nicodemus comes by niglit for a private interview. , Jesus shows by the way Ho answers him that Hoknew the real motivotliat had brouaht him... ..The Kingdom of God is what he is think ing of. -.It is to be seen, but not in the same-way asith'o Kingdom .of, the Caesar. ; God, will indeed raiso up'a son of David to sit upon His throne, buV.thb;kirigdom:i8 to.be spiritually .discprned. A/man needed only, a natural birth to discern tho ompif o of Caesar. He,needed a spiritual birth, a new/start,: to .sea tlio Kingdom bf Goil. . Ho must - bo bom into it it can - ouly be discornod from' -tlie/'/putside. /-Nicodemus Cannot, ..under stand such a thing as a now birth. But ho is told that, it is, not a, birth of. flosli and .blood ; it is a ' birth' of the '-water and tlio Spirit. The water of- baptism is a sign, graciously appojntod by.phrist; of His. free bounty, in giving tliiiJnen birth -to all.iviio bolievo in His Niimd. This or- din'nncp of baptism, is a perpeliml: doliv/oriinco frpm/tlie misery .of ii solf- centretl, religion./': Wo need'/iiot :-.to 'be perpetually asking rbiirsolvos, "Have I gone through liny' suCK ' oxp'orid'/ioo as w'blilcl 'justify "mo "in 'saying, - I have b/eonborn again.?' All, wo need, asks, as regards tlio /past is-Havfe -F puFiify trust' iii Christ,'" arid !'liSve I undorgonO 'His gracious4 ordinance of -baptism ? And the question of. the present is— not' liifvo I exp'erienc'ed the'now Birth-'? That is I cannot command ; , that has been done .for me ; but, am I living the new life 1 I have renounced the old Adam and put on the New Man. which is Christ.-" Am I being worthy of my calling and election 1 A gentleman can be'discourtcous only whin4 lftf forgbte Ifo is n gentloinan. A Christian can sin only when lie forgets 4 that he is a nietn- ber.of Qlirist., A Corintliian, Christian could re- lapso'''dnly by forgetting that his body was a templo of .tho .Holy Ghost. We teach our littlb" ohildfen, thbughtless tind mischievous though tlioy ho, tlidt fclioy arc children of God, that they are born again into tlie kingdom of Heavon- and tlie only hope of making them worthy men and women is from teaching them whosb' tboy hre, and not whose tlicy may be'omo if they are "good."' Wo lead every oho of thorn to stiy, "I. heartily thank our H eavenly Fatlior- that Ho hath called mo into this stato of'salva-: tion through Jeaus Christ our Saviour, and I, pray unto God to give me His grace that I may : eontiniio' in/the same unto niy life's end." - 7:/. i presbyterian cnukoh. - - ./ The«Rcv -.-Hume Robertson proaelicd on Sun- day mbrffihg fromj/tho words — "Take my yoke; upon you, and learn of me; for my yiike'is easy! and'tfty'i burden is' light." 'There are hii bxcop-1 tional few who seem to bavo boen born with a i silver lipoo'n in their mouths. . Tliey have fowj troubles/ in life. The majority of people know! what/it is. to fret and worry, to struggle and! grieve. We cannot disguiso the fact that life/ has its trials an'd'sbrrows ; our wisest course is; not,..to . shut our eyes to these, but to prepare to. bear-'them as lightly and as cheerfully as pos-; sibl& 'v.THe' most philosophic method of facing- life! iato lake any unplonsuntness it contains in; such' a 'way ' as 4 to' minimise, their hardships and- asperity. Many wnys of ' doing this liave been,' grescribed. The Stoic, the Epicurean, the; iuddhist, have proclaimed their way of taking life happily and easily was the host. But tlio: way which lias appealed most successfully to; men 'is'the way made known by God j it' is tho! way of Jesus Christ. He alone can tell us how' to face life ; that its burden, its sorrows, its' troubles, may sit easily upon our shouldors.: The yoke Christ, speaks of is, as Drummond shows, not another burden added to tlio troubles of life, but is a way of taking life that makes, the burden of life light and easy. The yoke is to make a load easy to oxen. It is the best: way of harnessing oxen. So if we put Christ's yoke on ourselves and start them to draw the! burden of life, we find it is wonderfully easy, and light, a very different burden to life with-' out Ohrist's yoke. " Learn of mo," says, Jesus, "I am meek and lowly in heart." There: is the seoret ; it is humility and unselfishness.; These mean true happiness. / 