GENERAL BOOTH. ARRIVAL IN BUNDABERG. ENTHUSIASTIC RECEPTION. Boldom, if over, has anyono boon noeorded a greater, or warmor, roooption, than that given to General Booth, tho Commander of tho Salvation Armv, upon his arrival last ovoning. To say that overy raco and oolor, ovoryrank and station, ovory roliglon and no religion, all oongrogatad to got a glimpso of ono of too moBt sueoessful and romarkablo men of the century, would bo but a fain mothod of desoribing the hundreds of old and young who throngod tho station prooincta, platform, and outor approaches, from 5 o'clock in tho ovoning, patiently awaltiog the arrival of tho train. Punctual to tho momont, tho engine drew up opposite tho platform, and after a fow minutes' dolay, too Goneral steppod oat of his private compart ment, in his woll-known frook coat, looking, if anything, oven youngor than whon ho (flighted at tho Brisbano station, on tho oocasion of his first visit to Queensland, four years ago. His commanding etaturo in stantly caught tho oyo of tho orowd, and beforo timo could be given to introdaoo him to his host, Mr John Cran, it was necessary to mako a move to escape the surging of thoso pressing around him. Froteolcd from tho orush by a number of offioors, and accompanied by Commissioners Coombos and Pollard, Colonels Dowdlo and Lawloy, Brigadier Jofferios, Majors Mallan (private secretary) and Grabaui, Staff-captains Cain, Gallant, Stephens, and Heather, and Captain ho proceeded slowly to tho carriago to oonvoy to his destination ontsido, whoro it toad been arrangod the woleomo of hie Worship the Mayor (Alderman H'Convillo) was to bo givon. His Wossnip said it afforded him great pleasure to tondot General Booth a few words of welcome, and trusted that hia visit to Australia might bo productive of good to the Salvation Army- especially and tho oolonios generally. Ho had boon know to the poople of Bundaberg favorably, and they appreciated tho noble work of tho Army. Probably no section of that organization was moro loyal than his followers in Bundaberg, whero they hod a strong atrougth as, no doubt, tho General was awaro. Maoy peoplo, mombora of tho Army, had oomoa in from a long distance to got a sight of their ohieftain. He mast not impede their aaxietv to hear him and, therefore, without further remarks would, on behalf of tho city and individually, tender him a hearty weloomo. The Gunxb&l;, who repliod standing on his carriago, said ho thanked thorn heartily for tho kindly woleomo tboy had afforded him and also' for tho assurance, which, ha was happy to say, ho fcit all but unnecessary, that his oomrades in this township wero loyal to tho Army tboy had oleoted to 6erve, and to the General, who they had chosen to follow, It was very pleasing to him that so many of tho peoplo standing around scomod so glud to seo him, and he acooptod their proscnoo to welcome him as a roassurance of their oo-operarioa in tho 'work ho had under taken. Ho could understand why tbo Mayor, as representing authority and tho representa tive of tho different Christian institutions, all of whioh were working in ono oauso for tho benefit of muukind, felt an interest in his visit ; and he hopod those who had come to see him at the station would also like to oome and hoar him address them at greater length later on. If so, ho thought -they would bo convinced that ho dono woll in tho work of his life, and when thoy understood it hotter thoy would see it was a work for the blessing of mankind and tho glory of Uod, (Hoar hoar.) Ho always felt mon and womon wero doing right when thoy boatowed thoir blessing upon tho onorgies of tho Army, "Whilst It was the friend of all and tbo enemy of nono, he could not under stand how any religious organization would be Injured by its work. If it wore known, as ho could tell them, that this movement, whioh ho was tho founder of. sinoo its origin, thirty years ago, had been the moans of restoring to happiness and good and reclaim, ing from destruction thousands, tons of thousands, and hundreds of thousands of mon ; that it was really the exponont of the true dootrino of brotherhood; there was good reason for thom to ovinoo tho Interest thoy showed in his visit. With this recom mendation in his favor, ho could understand how tbo Mayor and tho peoplo of Bundaberg came forward in such numbers to welcome him. He- hopod, howover, their proscnoo was not a matter of more ouriosity, but thov would, .one and all. srivo 1 him their prayors and their blessings (hoar hoar). . Hp hoped that suocess would be tho lot of this town and its people, and that a blessing would bo bestowod on its authorities; that thoy would havo happiness in this world and the world to oomo. For all of tho peoplo prosont ho wished the blessing of God tho Father, God tho Son of God tho Holy Ghost,' that thoy .might by happy on earth, and that every good would bo bestowed on tho city, its oommunity, and its Mayor. Ho wonld defer addressing, them farthor for tbe present (loud appla'ueo.) A salvo was fired, and the General was then driven away by Mr John Cran to Millaqnin, Commissioner Pollard, and Major Mallan aooompanyiog them. Tho Australasian Guards Band heading tho looal contingent of the Army marobod down Bourbon-street to thoir temporary quarters, followed by a largo cortege of peoplo, who appeared to greatly appreciate thoir ex cellent mnsio and ovinoo as muoh interest, almost, in thoir preionco as in that of tho Genoral. 