hitpttait HAtw January 24. I am very fond—passionately sty— of hunt in£f,asyou.anfr aware*, "dere diaiy;" But.I must say I do not care about it undsr- such circumstances as those we experienced to-day. Over <r .*2fciidid fine of country. "When I: got up this- morn in ev I knew by the way the wind whisded down the chimney, and the rain beat against the window pin en, that we werein-fbr-ii ruughishday. Howcver,.not withstanding the advice of my mud Lavinia, who. strongly recommended-me to remain in the honsc, I donned my habit just the .same* 4t0h». yon don't know how cold.it imiss, or you^d never venture out* I feel snre^ said gfrt* wiiha shiver, put-onJ6r theoncaKion, with? the object; no- doubt of giving: weight to her words. Thongh more-than half inclined to admit hr ray heart o£ hearts that Lavihia was- light fur once in herlife^ Ldid not bell her so- On the contrary; L snubbed; her as usnaL in exchange for: winch act of beneficence on my part her countenance assumed, the-, injured: expression it invariably does on such occasions* Having: done which. X marched down: to the breakfart-roonr with my head, in the alr^ as i£ it was the most heavenly morning that ever Xbt a nice day for hulling. "Iknewit! Lwaacerfciin of itl" esclaimed. dear old Mr. Popham, jumping. up- from- his j chair and! kissing me: with; much empresuement i as I entered the room- j "Knew-whatr" I inquired u Whyv that yon'd go a-huniing to-day, in j spite:of the wind and the rain* to be sure,'' he answered- <fcThey5venaneo£'em.gritthepliickj bo-go—not even 3Irs>. Chnmlpigh," hewenton, pointing, as.he:spoke, tothe-rcst o£the l.qfliiM, j who, sme enough, had. none- of. them donned, fhnrritiinfrhnbihj. "Not I, indeed!" exclaimed Mrs. Ghum. reigh^throwmgiip her head, with one of those hearty laughs of hers. "You don't catch, me gomg oufc.hnnt?ng-ni.a.gaIe of wind for any body—not even you* my dear Mr. Popham, nmchas Lloveyom. No!: I anr much too old for that sort, of things X can assure- you; Directly after breakfast I shall get bold of the last new novels take the: cosiest arm-chair Xcazz find, stick: my tocsin thefender, and keep the fire, warm altday." "•Ireally don't think you. onghfcto go- (ra^ on such a dreadful day, my dear," said Mrs: Pnphnnrr from h hmiT flm irrn, a3- «hn hnnflod me a cup of tea. "No weather rinpsmy hus band," she continued,," though, as: the- doctor tells hnn perpetually a high wind ia the very worst thing in the world for rheumatism; hut I'really think you ought to consider twice ! before you. brave the elements." But lassuredlierldidnot mindin fcheleast. lin tendcd.tohuut,Itoldmyhcstess,defiantly,iu spite oftlie weather—a speech which, called forth great approval from 3Ir. Puphaim Charlie, and the rest of the men, and looks of pity from the women. little Captain Rohson, Mrs. Chamlcigh's pet pRot^ by the way, though •' got up " to hunt, announced his intention at the last moment of | not going with us. *' Biding to orders;** wlifcperedCharlie to me, witli a smile,. as he listened, to the renowned I steeplechase rider7s- thousand and one excuses.. I ■ I was of the same opinion, and conld picture to j myself Mrs. Chuinleigh and her pilot playing billiards steadily till luncheon-time, and all the J afternoon, as well, most likely, for she was a verifiable Fcall in petticoats—in fact, was as i good at the game as she was in the saddle, and | that is saying a great deal, for as I know to my | cost, she is indeed hard to beat across country. "Well, " dcre- diary," at lailf past ten to a nrintrfcev, round" came the horses-to the front door —for the meet at SToppingtoir C. oss Roads was only three miles- off*, and prepared! to make a start accordingly, the whole of thehoose party assembling in the hafl. to see us off- . Keully the weather dld: look almost too- bad. ; foraaythnijr, and the day seemed, to get worse, if anything, as it got alder. * It Hew a perfect hurricane,, and the- rain dfiren. against one's face felt like so many pins and needles sticking-into one1. The horses;, too, appeared to- strongly object to it:;, their coats stared, and they one and alt seemed, oat of temper, and fidgeted about as if they would* in tick rather be-fhTtheir comfortable stable than go out htm ting.' r My horse—one of Mr. Popham's—a chestnut named Whiteface, was the quCetesirof all of tHem, and almost too quiet, in fact, for the wind and rain seemed to disgust hun so. thor oughly thatl had absolutely to kick him along.. The meet, too was a moat spiritless affair. The men all in mackintoshes and covert coats— not a vestige of scarlet to be seen,, except the coats worn by the huntsman and the whippers in, and they were nearly purple; for, Cke sensible peopT^ theirweareis had taken the precaution to put on their oldest garments forme occasion. He hard-riding rfirmsw. The huii'sman said ifc w:is the "wussest" : foy he had seen for many years, and shook hi-* ! head despondingiy when Charlie asked him if , fcfi thought we should have any fun. "Such a day as this hero, Mr. Charles, w downright 'ait-brealrin' for hounds, bosses, and. , piorr that's my opinion," said he, as lie took his cap off and replaced it on liis head with the peak backwards to prevent the rain getting down his neck. , "And how about Indies?" inquired Charlie, glancing slyly at me as he put tho question. " Ladies!" ejaculated tho huntsman, " why, : they should 1)2 a-bed, bless thou: 'arts ?—saving • your presence, mi«s," bo added, apologetically. Sir Gooige arriving at this juncture, we lost no time iu moving ofE to draw. Well, we drew, drew, drew covertaf terrovert, but to no purpose. I thought we never should find. Ifc was in truth a heart-breaking day in everysense offoeword, and Ireallyatlast began \- to- wish I had not come-. Mr. Pupham and Charlie, not to mention Sir George, kept on plying me with the.contents of ; thor flasks, or I think I must have perished with cold. It was difficult to hear too, with the high wind that was blowing. At last on entering quite a small wood—a spinney, Mr. ! Fopbom called: it—a fox jumped up right amongst the hounds, and away we went. For half a dozen fields or so we went as hard as ever we could* go, n"d then, we came to some park palings—not very high ones, thank good ness, and very old and rotten, for which I was exceedingly glad, for I was eo numbed with tho cold that I could scarcely hold my reins, and I had not the-same confidenco in. lazy old Whiteface that I always have in my own two darlings. Sir Amyas and Red Lancer. How- - ' ever, "Whiteface jumped thenr all right, though in somewhat a desultory manner, hitting them very hard. * And now a most amusing scene occurred that r would not have missed for anything. We galloped i«» the-wake of foe pack; right across the park, making straight as a line for a huge, gloomr-lookxng mansion of modern, structure at the'far end. Over the iron railings that separated foe park" from the lawn went- the- hounds-making straight for the hall door, which stood wide open, and through which they disappeared. The huntsman's quick eye discovered- a little gate lower down, and, making a slight detour, wo wcre soou after them. Kourcomes the-fun. As we all, headed by Sir Gei>rge; rode- up to the door, out rushed an. old gentleman in-a most excited frame of mind. Oh, such a fnnny old man 1 You should ; haveseen him " dere diary I " Afafcoldiellbw with a very red face-, a fringe of white hair all, round his chin, his feet ensconsed comfortably in carpet slippers, and wearing on his heads velvet cap with, a gold tassel. "Come- in, gentlemen all—como* inl" shouted he, baikoning to us astonished mortals . generally. " They've nearly killed my butler, and footman, and they*ro a-heatin' o' the faux (he pronounced it like V Guy" of that ilk, "dere diaiy ")-in my dining-room. To u never see such a sight in. your life! Do come in—* ! nowdo 1'*" Sir George, and his huntsman, guessing tho truth, were off their horses, and lrnd. brushed by him before he bad finished his* speech. ;and ' we heard a tremendous row going on some : where. A woman's shrieks, cries of "Murder!"" ' proceeding trom a man's voice, mingled -with the. baying of hounds, and sounds of breaking ' of crockery and' upsetting of chairs: "Help m& off, Mr. Popham; do help mo : off!/' I exclaimed to Charlie, feeling .aura ! there wua some fun going on, and determined not to miss it. Tho next minute the parr of us had token the- old gentleman at baa word, and- were making the best of our way to the spot whence the noise proceeded. Through a large haS we hurried,, and then, entering a door at the end, a strange sceno greeted our eyes, i Imagine a large dining-room with foe table ! all laid for luncheon; a stout lady in a crimson velvet dre*8,.in a sort of feint in axt armchair : at foe head of the table—Sir George laughing immoderately, endeavouring to bring her. to; his huntsman holding up foe dead foxj. shout ing "Who-hoop!" at foe top of his voice; just foe same as if he was in foe open; some ef the hounds baying.round him "in the old sweet way,** as Charlie said afterwards* quoting a song; foeofoers on foe table ranking free with foe goodthings displayed thereon, Triinbash devouring a large game pie with foe greatest posabTe rehab, whilst Traveller and Tomboy quarrelled over a cold pheasant. Another hound had got foe very plump Butler of foe establishment into a corner and was "* wow-wow-wowing**- at him, thereby frightening him out of his senses almost—-ifc was he we heard shouting murder—whilst in. another corner stood a gorgeously attired fbot-^ man, pale as a ghost and in a trembling state of agitation also. How T laughed! Indeed, so. did everybody. Ho scene in a pantomime ever surely equalled this. To add to foe amusement, ymr never saw anyone so- delighted as foe proprietor of the mansion, was. Hie- wouldn't hear for & moment of Sir George (who- -was profuse mhis apologies) giving foe fox to his hounds outside:- No, it must be here I'* r'ere, I regret to saw, he called it) « rErc in my dmmg-roonr or nowhere}" he exclaimed! "If you'll believe me,,'r he-said, u gentlemen, all, I never felt so proud* in all my life, that this glorious event should- hove 'appened in my 'erase,, so soon- after I've come here, too, and I 'ope ft wont Be the last," and he shook Sir George warmly by the Ban<h es if to give emphasTa to his words. He meant all he said, too, and I could have hugged hnn; I really could, " dicre diary.** "Well, the end of it was that the fox was My given to the hounds there and then as he desired—tho brush, head, and pads having been previously cut off on the hearthrug. Keedless to say Sir George presented the firmer to oar host, and, at his special request, the head as wcQ. (£ fancy he thought more of that than the other, as he «nfd he lfkff to tc 'angit up in his ralLPJ ftO BE C03TI3UED 2YXXT WEEK.J 