PARLIAMENTARY BUSINESS. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, Mr. Powers asked the Colonial Secretary the following questions, receiving the answers as annexed 34. What business now on the paper is it the intention of the Government to proceed with this session It is considered necessary to proceed with the Pastoral Leases Extension Bill, the Crown Lands Bill, the Rabbit Boards Bill, the Treasury Bills Bill, the Supreme Court Bill, the Crown Lands Bill to a modified extent, leaving out the question of the settled leases. It is advisable that the House should this session give its attention to the Brisbane Traffic Bill, the Liquor Bill, the Workmen's Lien Bill, the Succession and Probate Duties Bill. 2. Is it the intention of the Government to introduce any new bills this session, in addition to the necessary Appropriation Bills ; if so, what bills No. 3. On what day will the Railway Loan Estimates be submitted to the House, and on what day is It proposed to submit them for discussion ? It is hoped that the Supplementary Loan Estimates will be distributed on Monday next, and the House will be asked to go into Committee of Supply to consider these and the Loan Estimates already tabled on Tuesday next. THE CONSULTATIONS REGULA- TION BILL. As stated in another column, the report and evidence of the Select Committee appointed to inquire into charges made in connection with the Consulta- tions Regulation Bill, reflecting on members of the House," was laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly late last evening. The report will be found in another column, together with a digest of a portion of the evidence. Owing to the lateness of the hour at which the report was obtained, it was found impossible to reproduce the completed digest ; but the remainder will appear in Monday's issue. THE GYMPIE WILL CASE. The Gympie will case was advanced a stage on its rather tedious road. yesterday. WOmen the court resumed Mr. Rutledge began his address to the jury. He reviewed the case against him at length, and spoke for nearly three hours. He was followed by the Attorney-General (Hon. T. J. Byrnes), who dealt in similarly comprehensive manner with the case for the plaintiffs. At 5 o'clock his Honour began his summing up, and spoke up till half-past 7 o'clock. The jury then retired to deliberate on their verdict. It was 8.40 o'clock when they returned into court. Their verdict then amounted to a finding that the deceased was not of sound mind, memory, and understanding when he made the con- tested will. Ordinarily (this would have meant a verdict for the defendant but another question had yet to be determined. At about the time that the disputed will was made, the testator can called a previous will. As he had been found to be insane when he performed the former act, it has to be decided whether his cancellation of the earlier will can be allowed to stand. This a question will be dealt with to-day, when the court will reassemble at 11 o'clock. p " LES CLOCHES DE CORNEVILLE." The " Gondoliers" gave place to '' Lea Cloches De Corneville" at the Opera House last night, when Pollard's Lillpu tions gave a splendid rendering of this ! favourite opera. The feature of the evening was Master A. Stephens's interpretation of the part of the old miser, i Gaspard. Master Stephens's acting in 1 the scene in the haunted chateau was splendid. The limelight was used to good effect, and the facial expression of the discovered miser was terrifying in its horror. Miss E. Metcalfe made a charming Germaine, and was very successful in her solo, " By his side." The part of Serpolette was interpreted by Miss Sissy Stanford, who has never this season been seen to better advantage. "I may be Princess" and Not a ghost at all were both exceedingly well given, and Miss Stanford made a decided hit by her spirited interpretation of the part of the lively Serpolette. Miss Maud Beatty as the Marquis, and Miss Marion Mitchell as Orenicheux were both in good voice, and acted well. Miss Beatty's " To me no stranger and Miss Mitchell's singing of " On billow locking" received well-merited applause. Master Quealy was very amusing as Gobo, but Master Percy was not so well sulted in the part of the Baillie. The minor parts were well taken, and the choruses were very good. To-night the company produce " Uncle Tom's Cabin." This drama is one of the company's best productions, and had a run of nearly twenty nights in Canterbury, New Zealand. The (drama abounds in humour, pathos, and tragedy, and the misfortunes of the unfortunate slave appeal to the feelings of all. The drama will be Interspersed with planta- tion and jubilee songs, the humorous element not being forgotten. QUEENSLAND CRICKET ASSOCIATION. It has been decided that the Intercolonial team will leave Brisbane on Sunday evening by the Sydney mail train. The Selection Committee have included w*. Hoare, of the Brisbanes, In the team, In place of A. Coningham, who is unable to go. All club fixtures will be continued to-day. The Stanley and Albert match, at the Exhibition, is likely to provide the most attractive cricket, as the teams are evenly matched. PINE DIVISIONAL BOARD RATES. At the Police Court, North Pine, on the 5th instant, twelve ratepayers, in arrears, were summoned before Mr. G. P. M. Murray, P.M., and a verdict obtained in every case amounting, in the aggregate, to' £36 Ila. 5d., With costs, against the defendants, £6 3s. In most of the above the money was at once paid into court. Another court will be held on the 19th" instant, time and distance not permitting of a more extensive list this time The board was represented by the chairman and clerk, in attendance. IPSWICH CRICKET. The Ipswich and West Moreton Cricket Association have resolved to decline the proposed match against a New! South Wales eleven on the 31st December and New Year's Day, as there are counter-attractions in Ipswich on the 1st January. It was decided that the association should affiliate with the National Cricket Union, of Brisbane. The question of selecting a player to represent; West Moreton In the fnatchesshortly to be played against New South Wales, in Brisbane, was next considered. It was proposed that Messrs. J. J. Byrne, W Stafford, and J. M. Campbell, as representing the senior clubs, should select several players, whose names would be recommended to the Brisbane authorities. This motion, however, was rejected, and, on a ballot being taken, J Whalley, of the Whitwood Club, was recommended as the West Moreton representative. Q.T.C. SUMMER MEETING. The recent rains will make the going a t Eagle Farm, during the Summer Meet- ing everything that can be desired, and the surroundings will be in the best order. This year's Cup also gives promise of being more interesting than any of its predecessors. Tuesday's racing will begin at 12.45, and the usual holiday, train service has been provided. The Headquarters Band, by kind permission! of the commanding officer, will be in attendance through the meeting. ST. BRIDGET'S, RED HILL". ?'' For some considerable time past it had been apparent to the congregation of St. Bridget's Roman Catholic Church, Red Hill, that further accommodation! was necessary, owing to the crowded state of the building at the various services. Act encouraging start was made some time ago In collecting funds for the erection! of a new church, and it is intended to hold a fancy fair and sale of work in the Centennial Hall on Tuesday evening next, to aid the good object in view. The ladies of the district and the friends throughout the city have been busily engaged for some months past preparing for this event, which promises to be a great success. Art needlework, fancy goods, and hundreds of useful articles, suitable for Christmas presents, have been contributed, and as each district has a staff of its own the rivalry so far has been very keen. , CHILDERS TO CORDALBA RAIL; WAY ARBITRATION. The Railway Arbitrator (Mr. T. Un mack) has furnished the Commissioner for Railways with the list of his awards in connection with the recent resump- tion cases on the Childers to Cordalba railway line. Generally speaking, the Commissioner's offers have been confirmed, and the few instances of increase are only of small amounts. The total offered for the whole twenty-three cases arbitrated on amounted to £2086 3s. 6d., and the awards total £2547 10s., an increase of £461 Gs. Gd. CROYDON RAILWAY RATES. In reference to the public meeting held in Georgetown last Saturday night protesting against the increase of the railway rates from Normanton to Croydon we learn on inquiry that in November, 1894, the Commissioner reduced the rates from Croydon to Normanton on the understanding that the merchants in Georgetown would have all their goods sent by rail from Normanton to Croydon. In October last it was ascertained that the department were not getting the traffic except when it suited the con- signees. The Commissioner therefore decided to cancel the, reduced rates from 1st January next. The department state that the merchants only use the railway in wet weather, when the road is too bad for the carriers. The Commissioner has not yet received the resolutions passed at the meeting. The Colonial Secretary is in receipt of a telegram from the Premier, in which Mr. Nelson states that he is keeping fairly well, but is not regaining strength, as fast as he would like. His medical adviser does not consider it probable that he will be able to attend to business next week. Messrs. Cameron Bros, are to-otter-at auction, on Separation Day, the Darling Point Estate. Wynnum. About 400 of the finest seaside residence sites, on easy, terms, are to he submitted. THE LEGISLATIVE? ASSEMBLY. Govenuneuit business was allowed to take precedence in the Legislative Assembly i yesterday. The Pastoral Leases Extension Bill was amended in Committee by providing that only such, runs and holdings as were within a scheduled boundary-should come within the scope of the bill. The bill passed through Committee with some minor amendments. The Crown Lands Act Amend- ment Bill was considered in Committee, but, although the most vital portion has been abandoned, the bill made but little progress. Our report is unavoidably crowded out. BROADMOUNT HARBOUR SCHEME. Our London correspondent, writing under date 1st November, says : I wrote you some time since upon the Broadmount Harbour scheme, at the mouth of the Fitzroy River. With regard to various paragraphs which have appeared as to the withdrawal of the company proposals on this side, perhaps I may just say that the movement for this withdrawal, was set on foot by cables from the other side. There were excellent prospects of the company being formed as desired, and from the circumstances which have come to my knowledge I think that to say the " project was un- successful" 5s not correct. I believe that the price given for the property was that originally asked from the Lake's Creek Company, a price which they declined to pay before the Broadmount Harbour project was mooted. LAIDLEY VALLEY RAILWAY. A deputation, consisting of several gentlemen from the Laidley district, waited upon the Minister for Railway so Thursday afternoon at Parliament House to present him with a numerously signed petition from the ratepayers of No. 2 Subdivision, asking for the construction of the Laidley Valley Railway, under the guarantee system. Mr. Philp informed the deputation that they would first have to comply with the provisions of the Act and take a poll of the ratepayers. In the meantime he would give them all information as to the cost, etc, of the line, but there was no prospect of anything being done this session. LUCINDA POINT JETTY. The Colonial Treasurer's Department have accepted the tender of Messrs. Rooney Bros, for the construction of a jetty at Lucinda Point, Dungeness. The amount of the tender, which includes two dolphins and sheds, is £3550. There were six tenders sent in, the highest of which was £4440. SUPREME COURT CRIMINAL BUSINESS. The last case on the criminal calendar of the Supreme Court was disposed of yesterday by his Honour Mr. Justice Real, when Beattie E. A. Loder pleaded guilty to having wilfully broken a pane of window glass in Queen-street of over the value of £5. In answer to the usual question, accused said that he had heard the window had been repaired for one third Its original cost, also that it had been insured, and he asked his Honour to take into consideration the fact of his having been already eight weeks in gaol awaiting trial. His Honour replied that whether the window had been insured or not the loss had had to be made up. The value of the broken property was the essence of the charge. Had accused been able to show otherwise the conviction might have been a summary one. This appeared the first serious charge against the accused, although there had been several for drunkenness and disorderly conduct, while he had been twice detained in the reception-house. His Honour said he was disposed to treat the case leniently under the circumstances, the question was whether a fight sentence would be of any benefit to Accused. " The maximum penalty was five years, but U^soemed^^ had come' mitted the offence under the influence of drink or some workings of mind It was a sad thing for a man of prisoner's Intelligence it is in his present position, but the court had to deal with things as they found them, and his Honour cautioned him that if he did not reform he would either spend most of his time in gaol, or be detained in a lunatic asylum. Taking into consideration the fact of his having been already eight weeks in gaol, he would inflict a sentence of ten weeks' imprisonment, at the end of which time he hoped the liquor In accused would have died, and that he would then turn over a new leaf. Before Messrs. Felix Savage, E. Lethem, and J. A. Clark, JJ.P., at the sittings of the City Small Debts Court yesterday, a verdict was entered for the plaintiff in the following undefended case Brisbane Saddlery Company (A. Smith, manager) v. H. C. Sheppherd, work and labour and material, £1 2s. 6d. Defended case : J. C. Volkman v. H. Weaver and wife, balance of goods sold, £3 Os. 3d. The tender of Messrs. Gough and Co. for £3492 13s. for the renovation of Government House has been accepted. The Department of Public Works have accepted the tender of J. Gould for the building of a court-house at Texas. The amount of the tender is £290 1s. 10d. The usual monthly meeting of the committee of the City Ambulance Transport Brigade was held on Thursday afternoon, there being present Messrs. W. Soutter (in the chair), D. Denham, J. M. Campbell, I. Lissner, J. S. Ogilvie, and Dr. Jackson. The superintendent reported that during November the work done by the brigade totalled 163 cases, entailing a travelling distance of 352 miles. Eighty-two cases were attended to by the staff at the head office, and 27 by the officials at the south side centre. The superintendent also reported that the brigade had taken possession of their new premises in Elizabeth-street. The treasurer reported that the income for the month was 46 5s. 4d., of which £42 17s. 10d. was from public subscriptions, £3 from the Brisbane Race Club, and 7s. 6d. transport fees. The expenditure for the month was £63 17s. 7d. Accounts passed and petty expenses, £16 Ub lid. The treasurer also reported the receipt of a letter from the Colonial Secretary, notifying a subsidy to the brigade of an amount equal to the sum received from public subscription. It was resolved that the revised rules of the brigade be printed. Accounts to the amount of £2 14s. were passed for payment. It was resolved that arrangements be made for Securing a steamer early in January with a view to a benefit to the funds of the brigade. Yesterday afternoon a middle-aged man named James Montague was admitted into the hospital suffering from injuries to the spine. It appears that Montague was travelling on foot from Maryborough to Brisbane. At Gympie he took to the railway line, and while crossing a bridge about sixty miles from Brisbane was met by a train. Estimating that "he had not sufficient time to clear the bridge, he jumped off to the ground, a distance of abouLJOft. Upon being picked up, he was found to be suffering from intense pains in the lower extremities. The sufferer was for forwarded on to the Brunswick-street Station by the first train, and was conveyed thence to the hospital by the Ambulance Brigade. From Inquiries late last evening. It was learnt that Montague's condition had not improved. A match to contest the draught championship of Queensland has been arranged between Mr George ScooblePoord (challenger) and Mr. Fred. Passey (pre- sent holder). The match, which is to be the best of ten games, commences next Wednesday, the 11th instant, at the South Brisbane School of Arts, and an exciting encounter is certain. A Toowoomba correspondent telegraphs last" night as follows Great satisfaction is expressed generally at the decision of the Government to erect a new engine-shed, a new station-master's residence, and a new waiting-room at the railway yards here. The work will mean a large expenditure of money, the engine-shed alone being a big work. The show to be opened on Tuesday next pro- mises to be a big success. It is expected that several members of the Ministry will be present. The entries are very large. Several errors, typographical and otherwise, have unfortunately crept into the article in the banking returns of the colony as published in yesterday's issue. The total deposits should be £10,631,797, which Includes £2,209,119 Government money at interest, besides £100,000 Government deposits not bearing interest. Owing to an error in the signs used, the increase of £21,192 In the coin held by the Commercial Bank is represented as a decrease, and besides this, a decrease of £22,757 in advances of the Bank of New South Wales as an increase of £77,243. Mr. Chang Kee, who has just returned from Canton with a large and varied stock of fireworks, purposes to give a series of pyrotechnical entertainments, the first of which will take place at the Exhibition on the evening of Separation Day. Biggest assortment of Christmas Goods, Christmas Cards, Toys, &e.;, from the East and the West, at Carew, Gardner, and Billington's Mr. S. G. Benson's friends have arranged for a grand organ recital to-night to be given at the Albert-street Wesleyan Church in recognition of his work in connection with the popular Saturday night concerts. Mr. Benson richly deserves support at the hands of the many hundreds who have enjoyed his recitals during the past ten months, and as there is to be no charge for admission it is hoped that liberal contributions will be made to the collection. Many of our leading musicians are taking part in this evening's concert, as will be seen from the programme published in another column. For Millinery, Hats, Blouses, Washing Costumes, Finney, Isles, and Co.'s. New Goods and Low Prices A matinee benefit performance tendered to the ladies of Her Majesty's Dramatic Company by Pollard's Llllpu plans, the present Gaiety Company, Mr. Walter Bentley, and prominent local artists is to be given in the Gaiety Theatre this afternoon, commencing at 2.45. A capital programme is to be submitted. An excursion to Redcliffe by the Otter on Separation Day is advertised. One of the nicest and most useful presents you can give to either lady or gentleman is a box of Japanese pure silk handkerchiefs, which are being sold for as low prices at Finney, Isles, and Co.'s as cotton and silk mixtures elsewhere. A call will verify this fact Mr. Seymour Dicker announces a Sunday afternoon organ recital for to-morrow afternoon in the Exhibition building. The steamer Lady Musgrave is. to leave Howard Smith's wharf on Separation Day for a trip to Redcliffe, giving passengers two or three hours ashore. Men, Youths, and Boys, remember this For Tailor and Ready Made Cloth- ing, Hats, Shirts, Pyjamas, c, Port- manteaus, and General Outfitting, Finney, Isles, and Co.'s is the house. If you doubt this statement, try them, and judge for yourselves An entire change of programme is to be submitted to patrons of the Gaiety Theatre this evening. At the request of patrons it is the intention of the company to submit a change of programme every Wednesday and Saturday evenings. Opening rapidly, the biggest assort- ment of Christmas Goods in Queensland. Carew, Gardner, and Billington's As announced, " The Song of the Year" will be rendered by the Brisbane Choral Union in the Protestant Hall on Friday evening next. Patrons are reminded that tickets issued for 20th November are available for 13th Instant. Particulars as to final rehearsal, etc, appear in our advertising columns. For Christmas Cards send to Finney, Isles, and Co. Packets 6d., 10d., and 4s. 3d.; postage 2d. extra. Special large packets. Is. 9d.; postage 4d The Brisbane Racing Club will hold their usual weekly race meeting at Albion Park this afternoon, and as the entries are fairly numerous for the six events, good sport may be anticipated. The first race is timed to start at 2 o'clock. Trams and 'buses run to the gates. Women's Underclothing at Finney, Isles, and Co.'s should be inspected by intending buyers before making their purchases. The richly trimmed garments from 2s. 6d. to 6s. 6d. each will be a revelation to a great many The pupils of the State School for Girls, Leichhardt-street, gave a most enjoyable entertainment in the Protestant Hall last evening in aid of the Children's Hospital. There was a large attendance, consider- ing the state of the weather. The beautiful cantata, " Queen of the Seasons," was repeated with great success, and to this was added, "The Merry Party," which proved so great a favourite with the friends and supporters of the school when performed last year. See Christmas Toys and Fancy Goods of all descriptions at Finney, Isles, and Co's 