The necessity for regulating the ex port of produce trade has long been apparent, and it iB sincerely to be hoped that tbe O-DVeSrUment iVill, j during tbe approaching session, take I steps to prevent tbe trade being, if I not actually killed, at the least very ' seriously injured. Six years ago we adrocated the appointment of an expert to regulate the export of fruit to England, but nothing has yet been done in that direction, although it has been clearly proved that windfalls were actually shipped to England. Of course, the apples were quite rotten when | opened, and, as a matter of ?coursc, the whole of the Tas manian apples suffered accordingly. In tbc early days of the butter export trade shipments were sent to England from Tasmania which never should have left the colony ; but whilst in all the other colonies it has been found absolutely necessary to submit every pound of butter, prior to export, to a very severe test, there is not the slightest attempt made to prevent the export from Tasmania -of inferior butter. We are quite aware that some of those interested do their utmost to maintain the highest possible standard for the exported Tasmanian butter ; but there is nothing to prerent other shippers sending away the most in ferior article, and as the trade in England makes no distinction in brands, all being classed as Tas manian butter, it can readily be imagined *what effect one bad lot the shipment made from Burme on that day per the Pukaki says : — It is feared that several of tbe consignments will be in very bad condition by tbc time they reach Sydney, as some of 1 them were dug in rather a green state, expecting to be shipped by an earlier I steamer, but have been waiting at the ! breakwater already three weeks. It is hoped these lots will turn out better th;m expected, as their bad condition must affect the sale of other lots by the same boat, and also shipments to follow. Already Sydney buyers have good reasons to be careful in buying 4 Circulars,' and ulso cuurc to reduce the price for the risk they take of getting bad potatoes. Advice from Sydney now states ih:it about 2000 bugs ol ' Circular Head 1 potatoes by the s.s. Norkoowa (tin* consignments laken from the disabled s.s. Pukaki) were condemned by the Inspector of Nuisances. They were in such a rotten condition that no one would cart them away for pi«^ feed, and consignees had to have them lightered outside the Heads and tipped.1' This, unfortu nately, is not a new experience, and there is not a dealer on the North-West Coast who has not suffered from time to time from somewhat similar causes. Recently a dealer sarcastically informed one of the largest growers on the Coast that he ' could not afford to give him £'2 per ton for his farm,' alluding to the great quantity of dirt which the bags contained. This sarcasm 6truck hard at a very common failing — tbe dirti ness of tbe potatoes; and he would indeed be a bold trader who would ship direct a consignment without having first sampled the potatoes. But dirt is not by any means the worst fault to be found with too large a portion of Tasmanian potatoes. It frequently happens that the potatoes arc dug for the market — that is, when prices are high the produce is rushed iuto the mar ket, often when unripe, and frequently are handled so roughly as to render them practically unmarketable. They are thrown into a cart, dumped on to the wharf, trodden on, and afterwards shipped by no means tenderly, If some of our growers could visit the Sydney market, witness the condition in which their potatoes are opened, and hear the remarks made by buyers, they would probably act with more prudence in future. It is surprising in these hard times, when produce generally is to cheap, and when farming is by no neans highly remunerative, that farmers can afford to pay so little attention to their crops, for the amount of money lost annually by the tifretem; shipping of potatoes M fitartie^the 'growers if it conld wjput' beforfc'them in matter-of-fact fi§dvc^ If, however, & portion of our potato growers or shippers will not take the necessary care to keep their shipments up to a fair standard, they.^shimld not be permitted to injure their more care ful confreres, or to seriously ' damage the export trade of tbe colony by ex porting inferior potatoes, which have the effect of condemning tbe entire potato trade of the colony. It is quite evident that nothing short of , State interference will work the re-' quired reform, and the earlier that is I introduced fchb better it will be for all cortcferhied; i'T is not very often tbat Tasmania is held up in the neighboring colonies as I a pattern for their guidance, but in the | matter of its fish market Hobart lias secured this flattering prominence. Mr ; Frank Farneli, M.L.A., president of the New South Wales Fisheries Com mission, who, with two other members of the Commission* recently visited Tasmania and other Colonies for the purpose of investigating matters con nected with the fishing industry, lias on his return spoken in the highest terms of the svstcm adopted* at the Hobart Fish ilarket. Mr Farneli points out that&t; Hobart 'the middle man 1b unknown. The fisherman has the right to auction his own fish, and pays but & small sum— one chilling — for the right to sell his catcb of lish. He has the UBe of the market, and the sales are open to the general public ; consequently tbe consumer is brought into direct communication with the producer* Their fish are dis pkyeu alive* and to show the value of the system t noticed tbat dead fish allotted for sale did not bring within 60 per cent, of the price of the live fish.' Mr Farneli points out that in Victoria the same mistakes have been made as in New South Wales— the middleman is allowed to creep in and take a large portion of the profits. It is gratifying to find that part of Tas mania is thus commended, but it is to be regretted that Launceston cannot share in the eulogy. Despite repeated attempts to Becure a fish market for Launceston, no satisfactory result has yet been attained, and whilst the waters of our coast are plentifully stocked with splendid fish, none but the coarsest varieties are to be obtained in Lannceston at a price tbat brings a fish breakfast within tbe reach of the great portion of tbe workers. Tbe better varieties, such aa trumpeter, flounders, trevalli and perch, are so dear that they can only be purchased by the wealthier classes of the com munity, and this is wholly due to the absence of a properly arranged fish market. A few years ago an effort was made by a few enterprising citizens to form a fish company, the object being to secure for Launceston a con stant supply of fresh fish, and by establishing a fish market to bring the fishermen and the public into direct communication. The effort failed owing to the lack of assistance bestowed by tbe public, and the citizens of Launoeston still remain outside the pale of those who are blessed with a good and constant supply of fresh cheap fish. Lyvcb Family Bellbtnoees. — A packed honsc greeted the Lynch Family of Bell ringers at the Mechanics' Institute last even ing. The audience, which included the members of Mr Stoddart's team of English cricketers, was most appreciative. The per formance passed off very smoothly, the instrumental numbers, the bcllrlngiogi and glassophone pla-ing being capitally ren dered. Mr Paris iLo kept the ' audfecce i amused by his comic songs, his cbangc of character showing his versatility. Mr Percy E. Brown was also successful with his vocal 1 efforts, his deep baritone voice admirably suitiog the numbers chosen. To-night the family will give the last performance of what has proved a good season in L%un- 1 ceston. The campanologians to-morrow visit Evandale ; Thursday, Campbell Town ; Friday. Oatlands; and Saturday, |New Kor I folk. On Monday, the lttth inst,, they open ' at the Theatre HoyaJ, Hobart, for a sewou ot seven sights, and which will close their tour of Tasmania. City Police Coubt.— Mr 35. Whltteld, i P.M., presided at this Court yesterday. Two ; men were fined 5s, in default 24 hours' im prisonment. for having been drunk and dis orderly. A woman, who had been drunk and incapable, was admonished and dis charged. Alexander Brewer, a wagonette driver, pleaded guilty to a charge of furious driving, and was lined 10s and 7s 6d costs. Fourteen persons were proceeded against by John Sinclair, clerk to the West Tamar Road District, for having failed to pay tbe road rates due. In some instances the de fendants were ordered to pay the amouutB with costs, other informations were adjourned for a fortnight, and nine were withdrawn. Native Talent.— MrT. J.G. Wilson, eon of Mr W. C. Wilson, of Launceston, ie a i passenger by the R.M.S. Austral for London 1 en raute for Edinburgh, where he intends to study for the medical profession. Mr Wilson was educated at the Launceston 1 High School, where he especially -lie- tinguished himaclf. He was the winn^ r of a j council's exhibition, the William R. GiUiu (Scholarship, and haB successfully passed the Melbourne (tatversity matriculation, and TaBtnauian junior and senior public exami nations. In the senior public, 1S93, he gained a lirst. class, and was awarded 1im prize in Latin. For the last, eighteen months he has walked the Launccston Hospital in company with another High School ex-pupil, Mr J. F. Jiarnard, who was recently awarded a scholarship at Trinitv College, Melbourne. Obituary. — A Latrobe correspondent writes:— Very general regret is expressed here at the demise of Mr Robert Anderson Dargaville, commission agent, who has been ill for some weeks past, and who gradually sank until his death, which occurred on Sunday. Mr Dargaville is a very old coaster, and previous to taking up his residence at Latrobe was postmaster and photographer at Torquay in the early days of the town. The deceased was of jovial disposition, made many friends, and will be sadly missed by all those with whom he came in contact along the North-West Coast. I regret also to note the death of Mr A. (Gus) Budge, at one time a clerk in the local branch of the Commercial Bank. This young gentleman, who with his wife has been prostrated with typhoid fever in Hobart, where he was a resident, was married to a Coast lady two or three years ago, and leaves two young chil- dren, besides a large circle of friends, to mourn his early decease. Evandalc Sheep Dog aphociatiok.— Excellent eutries have bcun reci-ivul lor the contest wbicu takis plane at Kirkdalc i Lodge on Friday, March 22. There are 21 j entries for the Chauipiou, and 1G for the Kirkdalc Stakes. As all the best dogs 1 North and South are engaged, those who patronise the match will witness the keenest contest for tbe coveted Champion Cup ever 1 held in Tasmania. | Scottbdale Wesleyan Church —The anniversary of the Scottsdale Wcslcyan i Church will be celebrated on Sunday, 24 ti inst., when sermons will be preached bv the 1 Rev. George Andrews, of Luydale. On the 25th inst. a public tea will be provided in j the Oddfellows' Hall at 5 p m., and a public I moeting at. 8 p.m. In the Wosleyan church,1 when addressee will be delivered by minis ter* and fricjtdB. Rivee Excursions. — The e,e. Centennial ran two successful excursions yesterrfav. ' She lelt the wharf in the afternoon at 2*40 with about 150 passengers for Rosev?.ars, - and returned shortly after 6 o'clock. She made another trip in the evening, leaving shortly before 8 o'clock, and after a pleasant run returned to the wharf at. ]0 p.m. Vht Ee)r. . AlWp tV^bb.^jof f&iebnf;, . dtilvtired seOhndjOftxisiptepeiliDg ^dreseta-ui 'r,T4ic Blt«cdslifenjfafcliL$evening at the^Tabefc nacJe. A targe gatheriog assembled.in £he commodious schoolroom. Thn Bptedal ^i'ub- ; ject was 'Consecration and Faith,1' and in. commencing bis address, Mr Webb said the . position he and others took up on th'e^iaub* ' ject of *l The Blessed Life' should be, the. normal -state tbe christian,, not. cm, extreme. Consecration meant giving jip, and faith receiving.' Corp oration, in its negative ' aspect, meant that everything must be yielded up to Christ, not only onr sins, but our whole being and possessions. Separation from all evil was the preliminary condition for receiving the fulness of blessing.' The positive condition ; was . yielding all to God,that Hc might be tbe proprietor -4-f all they possessed. So many people baited at full iul+ehdef. btlt It was the all-important conflinon of consecration; «Z&e; jic*t step ; was faith, which -was receiving vJbat -Qod \ was waiting to give. Complete trust' in the 5 goodness and ability of God was'the . fresult' of eonseoration, also entire obedience to His wilL Holiness came by faith la Jesus, not by any effort of their own. The speaker said that 25 years ago he signed and exe cuted a deed giving up all he posseted to ' God, and for some years he faithfully carried out the conditions of the deed, but be did' not receive the t nil blessing till nine years ago, when be was led to ex« rcise faith in the promises of God, and receive the Holy_ Ghost. He related the experience of that period, and said he bad been receiving ever since. An earnest appeal was then made to tbc audience to come and accepttbe fulwss 1 of blessing provided by Christ for those who entirely trust Him. (juite a number of tbe congregation stood up at the prcaehcr's in vitation, tcstifyingtheir desire for tbe ful ness of blessing. The addresses will be con tinued to-night, the subject being uThe Ful ness of tbe Spirit.' Melbourne Eight Houbs Day.— Par- ticulars of the grand fete and art union to be held in celebration of the thirty-ninth anniversary of the Eight Hours Day at tbo Exhibition Building, Melbourne, are pub lished ln'-the advertising columns of this issue. The 'Rev. A. Babkway. — The numerous friends of tbc Rev. A. Barkwfey, Incumbent of St. Pauls Church, will regret to learn that he is su&enngat; present with a severe illncsp. His modical adviscrB arc constant in theiT attentions, anil it is to be hoped be will speedily recover from his serious in disposition. Kxpebience of a Snake Catcher — A man named George CiiSord (bsjb a Sidney exchange), a snake catcher, having partaken on Wednesday night of one or more doses of a very common antidote to. snake venom, commenced showing a live black snake. Tbe reptile bit him on one linger. Clifford's state at tbe time was such that he went to sleep after tbc bite at about 10 o'clock at nigbt. On awakening in tbe morning be found his hand in a puffed up condition, and painful to touch. At about 9 o'clock he 1 went to Mr J. S. Brady, the hand at the time being much swollen. Clifford com plained that be felt sleepy, and the least Pressure on the swollen band was painful. wo punctures made by, the reptile were plainly visible. No attempt bad been made either to ligature or scarify. Mr Brady at Once ordered him off to Dr. Milford, and it is believed he is now recovering. This man has been bitten several times, and hU case is a very interesting one. The question arises, Is he venom proof by reason of his having been bo often bitten previously ? All the bites were from black snakes. A Tebbible Fibe.— One of the most ' terrible accidents which have occurred in this nmintrr in a Inner while tnrilc nlfifp rccentlv at Butte, Montana, in the central railway yards of that city (gays a New York corre spondent) some cars took fire, and it hap pened tbat they were close to other cars which were tilled with powder and dynamite. The fire attracted a large crowd, and hun dreds of people were standing near the rail way track when the first explosion occurred, there being three separate explosions alto gether. Men and women were mowed down like grass before a scythe when tbe first ex plosion came. Wreckage from adjoining buildings and tbe ears was scattered high in the air for half a mile away, the fl ring frag ments killing or wounding numerous persons in the crowd. Every ambulance, vehicle, and doctor in tbe place were sent to the scene of the wreckage to care for and carry away the victime. The ground wan covered with the dead anB injured, and looked like a battle field. While the wounded were being relieved the second explosion came, and many of those engaged in the work of humanity were laid low. Over 70 people were killed, and twice that number were wounded. It was a scene of horror, and one which all will hope will not be repeated for a long time to come. A tire engine was close to the burning cars at the time of the tirst explosion, and every fireman was killed or fatally wounded. French Love Mabbiagb.— A case full of human interest (a Paris comsponaent says) was heard the other day at the Paris police tribunal. About six weeks ago an infant of the male sex was discovered on tbe 41 im periale' of tbc last train which reached Versailles from St. Lszare. The night was chilly, but the baby was weU wrapped up, and the tinder took it to tho police station. Attached to tbe clothes was a type-written announcement that misery alone was the cause of tbe abandonment. The assistant publique gave the infant the name of ' lmpenale Casimu, the first name being an allueion to tbe outside seat of the train, the second a delicate com pliment to the President of the Re public. A day or two afterwards a gentle manly young man giving tbe name of Emilc Hicoin, came, with tears in his eyes, to claim tbe child. The official declined to part with it, but allowed tbe father to ac knowledge it legally. He then felt it to be b\6 duty to have Ricoin arrested. It ap pears that the latter, when only seventeen, j had fallen in lovu with aservant girl, named ' Marie Doyen. She bore him two children. Ricoin, in fear of his family, and with very trifling resources, resolved to leave the elder baby to public charity. Tbe Court sentenced Emilie Ricoin to two years and Marie Doyen to twelve months1 imprison ment. The parents of Ricoin, who were pr«*ent , dcclarcd tbat llwy would .forgive their son, and allow him to marry hie sweet heart, whereupon the kind-hearted judge applied the Bereuger law to the prisoners, who were liberated. A Lion in a Schoolroom.*— One of Dalzicl's correspondents in Colorado records a remarkable act of bravery on the part of an eighteen-year-old girl, a school teacher in the village of Owyce. While Eva Bates, the girl in question, was teaching her class, an enormous mountain lion sprang into the room, and, falling upon a little antelope, which had been brought there by the child whose pet it was, killed it, and at once began to devour it. The children were .panic stricken, and lied to a corner of tbe room. While the lion devoured the antelope t^fe teacher seized a loided gun near at hand. Then she lay fiat on tbc floor, and, creeping along quietly, with the gun in front of her, pushed it until tbe muzzle rested against the head of the beast, and a moment later, as he was about to spring, she drew the trigger, and the bea6t fell hack with its head blown to atoms. BiwetaIiLISM.— The Premier of South Australia has received replies from Victoria and WeBtcrn Australia concurring in the suggestion b.v the South Australian Govern ment regarding the representation of Aus tralian intereKts at the proposed monetary confeTencc. The Premiers of these tbre'e colonies are of opinion (pays an Adelaide exchange) i liat Australasia should have one representative. Sih Chatilrs A. Camf.hon, M.D., says 1 Fry's Cocoa 41 is especially adapted to those whose digestive organs are weak.' Tbe quarterly inspection of the Launceston Rifle Rigiment by the Commandant will take place this evening. The annual general meeting of the North ern Agricultural Societv will be beld at the Blenheim Hotel, Longford, at 1] _a.m. on Mooday, 18th inst. Tbe business will be to receive the council's reportand - lectofficers. The annual meeting of tbc Girls' Indus trial School will he held at the Town Hall to-day, at 4 p.m. Fav'e Puutt Comoevtratrd Cocoa is a near jierfection as inssiblo 