EORY O'MOEB, . ? * ? 9t (With Apologies to Samuel Lover.) CHAPTER XXVIII. GIVING AN EXAMPLE OP MAGISTERIAL SEVEEITY AND MATEENAL TE&DBBNESS.; {Continued,.} The girls had always liked oaeh other, bat now a fresh motive off attcctimanfc oxigtod between them. Kathloon aau in tho oiotoi1 whom Kory loved 00 well an objaofc to bo additionally fond of foe hia dqIto ; and Mary, ia looking on tho girl to whom hoe brother bad givoa his beopf;, was similarly influenced ; and than f hois? fnond Bhip at onco becomo increased to nHootion, and d pojtion of tha lovo that each hod borne to Eory they transferred upon or.oh olhor. They often mot. ond fop boora together would tciik ovsr their baronvemont, ond, after somo time, were forced to admit fcha Icng-eotabnfod b.-?lio£ tothoir hearts, th&t; Eory wan dead ; fov aa Conoliy's evidence was eonoluoivo that bo did not oocosb pimy Do L?.cy, thoy knsw of ao cqqdo short of death for hio abucnco. It wao in oqg of tbe^o conversations Mary O'More told Kathleen that, after all thoy had heard about tho glora oi; tho Polly, aad tho many times it had been examined, she would wish vary much to vioit the plaee herself, and oenych it csrefully up and down— but, it being so aolitiu'y. she did oofc liko going nlooo, and aokod Kathleen to beor her eompaav. A ready assent wes given to tho proposal, and the girlo eponfc a whole day in zonking n eoi'eful survey of the valley — srora the Folly op to tha wild and racky gorge who?o the pjlon woo chat in by d bluff berries o£ olifi down which tho otream tumbled. Though making ao observation tending to oleai? up tho ssayote?y, their visits were often re peutod ; and, notwithstanding their continued ill-enooooa is every ondeovoai' to elaeidofco tho fatal eanso V7hioh had beraift thorn of Eorys yot ill ire woo o melancholy ploaoauo in being oa tho epofc he wao loot traced to. Tho frequency of theii? wqIIiq in the Rloa had co occugtomod them to the placo, fehot i&abifc; had ovejoome fchoie £gop ol its lonoliaGGo, ond aosBGfcimeQ oaola giel ueat there qIouo. It V7ao on ouo o^ thoao ooeaaiono, ufcioa Mary O'Mopq had uondofod nearly to tho ond o? tho glen, th.ot oho woo ofcovtlod by bQnnnp; the ooond of £i coairsQ voieo v/hich mcido hor blood imn cold. She poaood and listened, aad, in the lapgo of o Sou momoQts, booomo eoaseioiSG oho lj0a?d lao voioe o? Shaa Eogasi, aads with a hooty and OQutioco ofcop, the fcezi-ifiod gi?l j?an hiRhoE1 ap the glen ; and, doubling a^iftly pound a ppc» jecting rock, oho Qtrnok into q small hczel-waod that promisod oholtor, and, croucbiag undss1 tho bushec ond i'onk ^paoo, ooaght eoncoalmont horn the nsnn whoso proGonco oho loathed aad dreaded. The sound o? Joofcitopo appeoQchod ; oho ooald Bcoroely brootho ; thoy carao noai'OE ; oho trom bled go violootly, ao ooDFcoly to proveaf; tho bush Which oheltoEod bos fcom ?astlin^ with her t?emoE— and in anothep inotant Eogan was visible a few paeeo below her, otanding at tho foot o? tho ?oefe pound whooo anglo sho hod just pasoed. OHAPTEE XXIX. SHOWING HOW LIKE A GENTLEMAN A TINKBE 18 WHEN HE THINKS HE 18 DYING. ' When the devil was sick, the devil a monk -would be; 'When the devil was well, the devil a monk was he.' To ocaounfc Fop tho presence of Began in tho glen oi fcbo Folly at this time, it becomes nocoe snry to revert to tho events of tho nighfc tho smtKTglaE'B earned off tho Collector, Whoa the kidnoppova and thoic prisoners mode their firafc half; at tho lonely hut whers? the car vrao prodocod, tho old fcinkoi' doterminsd to remain there ?oe tho night, os ho felt nnablo to proceed, being attaoked with fits of chivofing, probably ooctioionod by bio remaining tstciading bo loDg nearly up to the knoon in wotor du?inq the imprisonment of tho Qmugt^lova in the vault. Copiouo draughtg of hot puooh failed to joliovo him ; and ao thio wrotchod hovel wan unprovided with a bod, a bundle oi straw was all tho tinker hod to ho npon ; and this was a aharo granted to him by Morty Moonoy horn his own winp, whioh GQEvod hirnRolf Jor a bed whenever ho need tho bat os his rastiug- place — the bovol not boingmsnnt for o vagalar donsioile, but acrcing tho diuorderly sot wiih tvhora Morty wmi laogoed as q ploon o? raadczvoas or holt, ao occasion ro qaired ; for horn ha lonoly sifcaatioo it was ad mirably adoptsd to the purposes of those with whom ascrecy was often au object of import ance. Dariag the v.i^bt, Solorxioa'g m^ang som«?timeo disturbed tho sleep of Moi-ty Monnoy, who, ffis morning approached, wan besiou»(at bj- the tinko? to get a 'oparft of fira' and maho some moiro hot punch, fos! io tho coufns of tho nit;hfc tho fire bod bocorao ostingai«hod. Tho reqneat vFas complied with ; bnt Solornon'o pain romoinad unslioviatod ; he oontinaed hia moaning protos tationo that ho woo 'rnclrod ontiroly,'and, at length, espeeeoed his hu bhtib ho w&% dyiog, A.i thia belief became Bfrongthenod, the unfor tanate old reprobate exhibited cousidoyablo np pyehenaiono of tho finol hour, and Qhowod his droad of approaching judgsssont by many pioi2Q ejaculations tha*: long hnd bsan otranRovs to his withered lips. At loof-, bo arid ho should lifeo to D90 tho psiost, cad ucgod Moirty Jo ,-*o fui? hiaa. Bat Morty said ho eoald not do bio orrand until the return of Shun Ra^an, who bad accompaniod the party overnight ciad p?omiaod to ba back early oa tho following morning 5 but that as ooou go ho arrived, tho prieefc should bo oont t;ov. 'Oh, don't looo any time, Morty, 1 am very bad ! Ob, if 1 should dio without seeing tho pi'isot. !' ' You'sts not eo bad aa all that cornea to yet,' osid Moi'ty, ' Oh, I'm racked insido, and I fool myaolf yawing woak !' ' Hero's movo hot drink for yoo.' ' It'a ao use.' ' It'j birava cad Qtrong, and ao hot dq the devil.' ' Oh, don't say devil— G-od bomos'cifol in mc\ don't say dovii, Morty — don't !— Oh ! oh! I'm racked. Givo mo tho drink, then ; is it hot P is . it hot p' ' Yoo, bravo and hot ;' and Ins haadp-3 him 1 the atoamuii? punch in a jao;, which trembled in 1 tho old tinker's haada and eattlsd against his fcoeth as ho drank. 'It'oao hoo,' said Solomoo ; ^ifcwa^Gia my hoert bo zaors than i£ it was cold water. I'm cold— I'm eold ! Oh, the recking pain ! For tho lovo of God go xor the prioota and don'fc lot i mo dio thio o-WGy !' ' Tho minuto Eafjan comoo.' C( Oh, ho can wait, bat my poo;;1 noul oaa't i wdi-'. You wouldn't stand betweon mo and fcbo : light of glory, would youP Oh, go, Morfcy, go ! - you'll be dying oqo day yonroolL' 1 11 Well, whenever that mav bo, 1 woa't bo ouob a coward about it, anyhow.' 'You don't knew that—you doo'fc know that. While tho lifo is citrons tho courogo is oti'ong, ' but the heart fails you whoa you fool tho liifo ' getting low.' ' Tut ! don'fc bo so a£earod ; d saan ought olwaya to bo a man.' ' Oh, you don't know what it is to be hcaging ovop tho pit, and tho throad o£ lifo going to breok ! I tboaght liko you odco, but now it's dreadful to bd noar it ! Oh, don't lot mo die out of gnlvnti-u ! go £oe fcho psioot i£ you hopo to '. aoo glosy.' Morty cyoot outside tho cottage to avoid Solo mon's importunity ; for ho did oot iiko comply ing with hio request; without ooeing Rognu, as, ' undor osiatiHR oircamntaneea ho dreaded that the tinker should moke nowo diaeovoviea in tho couvno of bio confoocion with hio ghostly visitor rohioh mifiht provo inconveniont to hia confode roteo. Ho walked tharoforo fcowordo tho poiafc whence ho oxpectod Hcgan (0 approach, and wco - not long without meeting Mm. Ho communi' oated to bim Silomon'o pveccrioas Qtato, and hio doniro to ose the priest, ond pointed out hio ap ppohenoions of the dnngorono eonsoqaoncaa that might orioe f?om complyinfj; with bio request. Thoy oonoalted togathoi? on tha course to be pursued in th;s matteii1, os they walked slowly back to the hut whove tho tinker stillloy groan' ing ond calling unavailing on. Moifty to boston for the confessor. ' It would bo well ho was dood, tho old thief,' OBid Morty, 'for he'd be no loos to onyoae.' 'That's true, indeed, aad by what you toll mo it'o liko bb's ant loiig for this world : don't yon Gay he'd dyin1 ?' ' Hp thinks 00 himoolf,' said Morty ; ' but that'o (ho cowardly heart of hiaa; for ho'o 00 tough og a gad, and I don't, think ho'll go with oat a hard otrugglo. Sappooo wo laavo him thojre Dnd lot him dio P' ' How would it bo with uo then P' aoid Eogaa, who did not i:i tho Qmalloot degree revolt at tho oi'uolty of tho Quggestion, bat had on oye to tho conorqaoacoQ. ' Sure wo wouldn't hQVo a hand in puttin' any hnrm on him, and who could say a word to ua P' ' That'a true, sure enough,' oaid Began, who walkod a few pncea in silonca whilo ho revolved in his own mind the proposition. 'If he was fonnd dead tborr, it might load to iaqxiv?. ' When h»pe doad, can'fc w© throw him iuto a bog-hole P' said Moi'tyj: ' who cores enough fot him to Bsk any quBetions?' ' Do you know where tho asa is ?' said Eegau, Btill consido?ing. 'No/'eaidMorfcy. ' You 86B that !' said Eegan ; ' tha ounnin' old rascal always left the ess somewhere olao' whea h© eaawjo fche^lly, (bit it might bd to tha fore to rise 0 question if anything hap poned him and be didn't go bock to cloim it. — Do you mind P' 41 Bad luck tohio 'cutsnoes ! what a head ho faco !' '? Ho's the biggesfc old fogao ia I?oload !' ooid So gin. ' Well, and whzt aro we to do?' ooid Mo»f.y. ' We'll aoo how he 13 first,' Hoid Ec-gan, on they approached the lonely hut. On getting nca-' tho door tboy pausod for 0 moraoat, and hoy i-d the gjocno ox Solomon, minalod with the ejaiulutiono which were uttered aloud : ' OS', Mo?ty Moonoy, nro yOa goao itov the prieQtP — bring him to aavo my poor noul ! — Ob, if you deceive me, may a dear] son's envao bo oa yon, and may y°n nev«r seo tho light 0' glo?y at yon? own dying' hou? !' ' That's a bifcfer crrsi ho's putting on you, five n't yon afoord p' aiid Es^an, who-ie oupoF» etitiouQ nstuve wos wovked upon. ' Sector ?of him pray for himself than ouirao me,' said Moi'ty. 'Well, it's bother geo him ognin. aoyhov:',' ffiid E'jgas), who entsvod tho hut, followed by Morty. Whon Solomon heard the approaching foot 3teps he turnad on hia straw, and eriod in 0 voice 0$. goeious oarneotneoo, ' In that hio reverence P' ' Are you bottoc novy ?' wao tho answer ho got £lj02B Eegon. ' Oh, didn'fc yon briag the ppieofc P' ' By an° by, man— by an' by.' The old tiakor ^poaned in mortal and hoclily BQKniob : 'Oh. if I dio out of salvation !' ' Lioton to mo mon,' anid Eegan. A conversation now took place bofcwoen them, io which SoIossjoq worked upon tho suposatitiouQ foelingo whioh ho knew Eo^on to bo undo!? tho oontjoi oK aad £h5fsatenod him with the appear anoe oi bio unlaid ghoot after death if ho per mitted him to die without seeing tho pcieot, Regan, in turn, Eaodo SoIosboji qwoqe1 by ' tho holy vootmonts end tho oovon blocaed condleo' fc'hat ho would nofc in hia oonfoegion to fcho cloegy mnn commit his companions. This, in hia orgoncy 7o? hesto, Solomon pso-. oaioed, oad ia proof of his sincerity, that Began might bo present whilo ho received absolution from tha oonfaHSOF. This point boing oarriod, the pDBtoF wao oont for, and Morty Moonoy wgd urged to aao all opeed, ' And ouppoao I go tov tho doctor P' aoid EogaQo 'Bo, ao/' oaid Solomon, 'it's no m-3 — and don't loavo to die alone, for God'a pikel — otoy with mo— let mo bold you — thors, ihei'cs ! Dare it'a oomfoirtin' to have a grip 0' aomothin' in thio liffo, wbile you're in it— not fco bo loft olono ia tbo last mmoto, to quit tho world liko d baniohod OtpnnKOE'. Solomon continued in great pnin, and was ap parontly sinking, and bio onsioty for ghootiy ojafolation contiocod ill c foncful dogfoo. NevoFt-holef30, EfigQD, having acquitted hio con ijcionoo in sending for tho priosc, woo in hopes the tinker would die bafoi'o hio Drcivnl, and do pot the Gooroto Solomon was in posnession of out oi dangoi'. This inhucaon desire, howovot1, wgo not gratified ; tho approaohiog tromp of a horso v7od heard, ond Eegao, oa going to tho doar, saw Father Frank uidiag towordo tho but at a omort pace. Regan returned to ibo otzcsw littt-j.1 where Solomon lny, ood said, ' Now remembae yoai' oath-— don't betray uo ; for if you do, hall fi*o will bo your portion !' ' Lord bo morciJnl to mo !' oaid tho dying miio. Efgnn bow voturnod to the door to vGoeivo tho priofit, one] with the dingusting woi'da ho uttered to tiie dying sinnei* yot hot oa hio lipo, ho oaid, 'God OEivo your reveironoo '?' aa ho bbb'Io a low oboioance to the priest, who alighted and entered tho hovel, while Began Goouieod tho bridle of tho horao to tho 3fcaplo on fcho door-poat and followod fact into tho hnt. ' Well, my pooi.1 man, as.'s you vory ill P' ooid Father F-rsnk. 'Oh, God bo praised 5ou'e'g come!' qrJd Solomon. ' I'm dj'in', your rsvoronco — dyin' ! give me tho comforts oi tho Chuvoh, and God bloi'D you ! Oh, I'm a poor ninnor ! givu me »b Qolution for my oins, ood sava »ny poor soul !' ' Leevei ma alono with him,' snid tbo olorgy man ?o Eogan : ' he wants to oonfeas.' 'BUo.se yoni1 eeverence ho has nobbing fco oon i'osa— he eaya he only wonts the comforts ol tho Obuvch before ho dcpiartQ.' '.Retire,' said the paoto'. 'You ought to know he caanot receive the Sacrament v/ithout mBking a confession.' Solomon deolaeed he had nothing to confess: ' I hd?o no time foe oonfonoion, laoro than that X'm o wicked siunet, &ud; sepent 0' my siuo? aad. hopo to Boe glory, if your teverenco will give me absolution.' ' God holpyoa, poos' man !' eoid Fathetf Frank busasiuely, 'yoa shall hove the consolations of tho Chnroh in yousr Inst momonts ; bat you uhould iOJiftlro a clean brr-j:Kt, aad uafeaithoa youi? ijoasoiencs: you ha™a oiaa to codiosq.' 'More tbon I have tiiao for,' Kcud Salomon.1 aiotly: ' I'm dying. I confess I'm o miflarablo ;nuof, and I ook God'o pardon, aad li?.j blooHed Ssvioui'a pardon ; Gild won't yoa gtvo mo abao Intion, yon? revesroaeo, and promioo mo tho light of glory P Ob, tako pity on my -poo;1 einful soul, and giva mo the absolution ! —aad I fcavo money, aucoey enough, your Hovoronoe.' ' Don't think 0? your oionoy, you oinfal mor tal, but think of s&viog; your soul, and confess youi'Bel? befovo God, wbo knowo your crimes, and io v/illing to pardon thom if yoa confess them.' Ob, I leovo nil that to His own honour, your rovn'onePj if you'll only giva mo tho aboolution, and say aaoFsos foi1 my paor ooft! when I'm gone ; and I've tnonay to pay for thorn — plenty o£ moaoy — will you Day the magsos for me P' 'Let mo coEifooei you first.' ' Sur^t I've nofcM«E fo coa-oos, moro qol'Iood ?eoood already, — I'm a poor sinner, ond I aek absolution ; and if yoo? uovoronco goos to tho glen of tho Folly — aad there at the upper end thove'o n big rock otundq out in tho ;»lon, and oosao hnzol- treeo near it higher up tho hill.' Hero ho writhed in agony, aad gav« hio accus totted cry that he was pecked. Ho aeooaed woDkeF affco? tho spaDHH, ones iu a voice more faint than higher, boooaghfc tha psioat for abso lutio», with a look go imploring tui?.t Father Prank could no lonfjer j^eoist; the appeol, and foaring 5ho ^hou!d empire every inotanfc, fche ez tuemity of the ease induced him to dispense with. a oonfonoioa, ond ho adsiiiaiQtoi'ed tho loot rites of the Church. Ths poor wsetoh seemoc! oiuch aootbed bj th© go'c, nod after a short pnuso continued : 0 Uadoi1 that rock, near 0 big bench o£ dock loovee, if you dig up the ground, you'll find a loathor bag with goldon guineas in it, — more — moffo — them you think tho poor tinker — * Here tie pauoed again in apparent pnin ; but recover ing again,, ho said ffaiatly : ' The gold — yous? i'ovei?enoo~-I givo fche gold to you, for the mGsseo, for my soul. Oh, oay fche mosses ! the mcioooo !' He could add ao raoro, ond sunk book upon hio heap of straw, 51 God be meroi^ul to his ooul !' aaid the priest dovoally, oa ho joiaod hia hands in prayer over tho poos: oinnor, whooo opirife ho thought hod panood. But Solomon 61 ad aot given up the 1 ghost; ho still confcinuod to bcootho, but his ofceto o£ ozhouotioE naemod to bo ouch, that no hopo eoald bo enfcoEtoined o? hio L?ooovery, and; os tboFo woo bo apparent-, likelihood oven of 'eotaraiag eouooioasnGfls, FathoL1 FiookpeepD^edi to go. 'This Qhould be an awful warning to you, said ho to Began, who attended him to his- horse. ' Sao how tho doath-bod of tha oinner ohokoo tho heart ! 1 hopo you E3oy psofifc by tho Igsoou. After tho poor man' a deooaae yea mast aooompany vao to the place whero ho oeid hia money io eoaeoaled, to witnoss how much is thoro end I will divido it botweon masaQS foe his ooul oad offices of charity.' Wheu-tho priost hod gono, Eogoa fotarned to 6I20 hut and foand Solomon had auak into 0 oloop. 'I napposo ho'll go off that way,' onid ho to MraoeK. 'And to think of the old vogabone having auch o powBi' o£ caonoy, oil by ehonting and robbing — tho way ho robbod tho stake oE the game yesterday in tho Folly !'' To evofy oao's aurpriao, Solomoa, iaateod ol dyio(r, awoko tho better of bio aloap— muoh ex boastodjiftia truo, but mun£ostly out of danger. While in thio Qtato, ho was often visited by Father FiGak, whoondoavoared fco impress upon him how naeifed tho duty became fco thank God £oe Kio moroy in granting tho time for ropentanco of hia sino, ond not hastening him away in tho tnQprepQE'ed utato ia which tho paGtoc found hioa, whon, fcyembling afc tbo torrorsoic death, he prayed lor aboolution, which, under the extreme cirouraotanoon of the cpso, bwd baaa given him thon : 'But bow,1' added. Father Frank, 'I oxpocfc you to UaA a good 1H:g foi1 the remain- .. dor oi the period Heaveu may pleauo to grant you, r»nd I doeiro you to corao to yoai' duty ro gulorly,' Solomon promiood fairly ; bub tho moment the pi'ioofc'u back v/as tamed, his ttiou(»htg wore ior from heavenward. To tho earth, to fcho earth thoy s?oturnod again : fot ho thought 0? hia ooncoalod tvecaura ond fc/emblod for ito oafofcy, qb ho 1'amomberad that llogon wao piroaont whon he Tiosaed tho spot where it was buried. For Domo dayn ho could not- vioe £rom the IHtos whocoon ho lay ; and v/hoa ho wao enabled to movo it v?uo tj ecjiwl ioobly nloag. But oven in thin exhausted ototo he niudo hia v?ay to tho ghn of tho J?o\l$ to try if hia hoard was ntife. '£'-%-*? tipnonvonoo of tbo npot alcircaod hita, for the placa boso marks oic being recently dia tu-bod, and ho begon oogovly to upturn tho soil. Wretched wao tho work of the old raise!.' : dig. ginp, up tho oosMbi that so aoou must covet him, to p-'b that which wsa doarov to him fchon Ufo. Wb.it wuh his BRony when ha found his miscjiv ine;u ct sight of tho placs well foundedjiind that hio gold vfBB gone ! ? At first he stood sfcifC und cold cs otoaej end fopd he been of 0, nature aonsiblo to amotiqu, the shock would have killed him. At length 1 he gave way to groans ond. wpog Isio kmfa it\ despair— he fchrev? himsel! on the ground ; and tears, that nevot- Qineo childhood hed V7ettod hia cheek, no^;, titrooaaod 'dowa the. f uwowo - that orme ond oroft hod wora fchoso. Ho onened his fate in Jjcwiofj booa Dpci-od fooaa oho rvqvo only to tnoto a oittoi'QoaG boyond tbafc o£ dopth, end bio UDilinR^oo mioRlod ^itli blDapbomint?. Tae swoot ocIiogo o£ fcbo qaiot gloo wgeb etaetled at the*odisRaBting roqqqo, ond the pato peaoo o£ Nnltieo violated ! (To be continued.) 