A SOUTH MELBOURNE "SPOOK." THE STORY OF THE BANK-STREET GHOST. Away from tho noiie of traffic, where shop fronts ato few and private residences numerous, there is a part of.Bank-streot, South iIolbourna, which has quite a dull air of rfspcctablo stag nation in the daytime, nnd at night is very dark and quiet indeed. Trees of an English variety have boen planted to some extent along its footways, which are leafy ftnd pleasant to look upon when the sun shines ; but somelimcB just ft little weird and mysterious when tho wind penetrates complainingly through them under tho rays of tho moon. Then the shadows grow very deep in the recesses of the brick work, and where there ore no lights there is imparted ft dead forgotten air, which the dis tant roar of passing trains or the lively strains of a concertina played on the next block do not altogether dispel. As a rule the thoroughfare in this part is little frequented after sundown, ftnd silenco adds to its general adaptability for sensational development. Iu ono of a row of four neat single fronted villas standing back from the footpath modestly iu tho shelter of two large shops, and fronted by small garden patohos, there lived up to nen? the end of lost year a young woman who for ft long whilo had been bedridden. Sho enme to town from the northern districts about five yearB previously, ns an invalid, in order to he in touch with the best medical advice. Her infirmity in eomo way affected her powers of locomotion, and she had to be wheeledǣbout in a Bath chair. After a time sho got worse, until bIio was unable to go out at all. Then she wns seen occasion ally, looking very ill, sitting upon a seat over a gas box tinder bor verandah ; but 12 months ago she becamo unable to leave her room. Her only compauion was a young woman domestic. It was but seldom anyone went to see hor ; yet there was much local intoreat and sympathy with the mysterious sufferer. She died early in December, after which the furni ture was promptly removed from the house, nnd it remained for some weeks empty. On New Year's eve two ladies living in tho neighborhood of the still unoccupied tenement wero conversing on the footpath somedistanco away at the eorio hour of 11 p.m., when they wero almost struck dumb, according to their own account, by obsorving the hazy yet luminous outline of a woman appear in a standing position near the seat under tho cottage verandah where the deceased used to take the air. Tho view they had of tho spectra was profile. Its head was slightly inclined forward, ns though it wero leaning towards tho centre of the garden plot. Tho bust and body down to the waist were clearly defined, but from thence to tho ground the outline became gradually indistinct to a vanishing point. Both the spectators were too much soared to say much. They stared hard two or three times at the apparition to raako no mistake as to what they saw, and then went home hurriedly without seeing the New Year in as they intended. Next day, however, they took several acquaintances into their confidence on tha subject under strict promises of secrecy. The consequence was, on New Year's night, people living next door to the empty house ou each side, and tho occu pants of other dwellings in the neighborhood, observed several small groups of men and women in the dark standing at a short distance away talking in low tones and gazing nervously with sidelong glances at their villa frontages. These loiterers stayed out very late indeed, and got a fright, which was an ample Reward for their vigil. Sure onough, tho ghost reappeared, sadly gazing again at tbo same spot from its former position On tho authority of these spectators tho story got about that the dead woman who used to live there bad buried hor money opposite the front ot her house, and came hack to look at the "plant " because she was sorry about it. During the daytime it was noticed that a depres sion existed in the eentre of the flower bed over vrhioh the ghost was in the habit of reflecting. This, it was thought, gave color to tho assumption. Kight after night inore&sing; arowds gathered in Bank-street west to see the apparition. It seldom disappointed tho onlookers. Fresh -discoveries wore made. When the snook was not visible on the verandah, people said they saw the same white figuro flitting about in the vacant bedroom where tho deceased, it was understood, had "given up the ghost." A lady living next door says, one night, sinoo tho New Year, aftor going to bed, sho distinctly heard knocks on the wall coming from tho empty house, just as the deceased used sometimes to knook when the iufortnant'a baby used to cry somotimes too violently in the other wise silent watches. Going out to the rear of the premises to get a pail of water "by Cynthia's beam " on a certain occasion, the same lady says she heard a strange footstep in the yard attached to tho deserted tenement, which seemed to walk as she walked and to stop when she stopped. Tho New Year is only 10 nights old, but the famo of the Bank-street ghost has spread in a quiet way all over town. People from long distances, such as Prahran and Brighton, have made up parties to go to view it. Every cveuing the crowds of visitors havo been tnoro numerous. Attendances number ing from 250 to 300 people have lately thronged tho roadway, after dark, to wait for the apparition. On Tbmsd&y; night three polico- men were ou duty to keep order and put the "movo ou" clause in operation. The ghost took a night off then, and it is supposed through disappointment a few impatient youths threw stones on to the premises. Some resi dents who becamo annoyed at tho I actions of the crowd then got on to the ! roof of the reputedly haunted building, and , plnyed a garden hose upon the gathering, thus evoking mixed cries of denunciation, and add- ! ing considerably to tho turmoil. One arrest was made, and the culprit, a disorderly youtb, was fined 10. and costs yesterday morning at the South Melbourne police court. But Thursday night's experience was perhaps the result of altered ciicumstances. A family from the country, tho head of which on being warned that tho place was said to be liaun ted, informed tho landlord he had no fear of ghosts, had moved into the premiBeB, and, perhaps, to some extent destroyed the phantasy. The amount of inconvenience which the new comers had to put up with, howover, was almost in tolerable, and if such demonstrations continue, the place will not long bo occupied. These tenants assert that neither during tho night nor the day have they seen or heard any super natural manifestations, and they have a sincere desire for privacy. Of course, thcro is always a commonplace theory to account for spooks. A policeman who has had the misfor tune to live next door to the uncanny apparition has settled its origin to his entire satisfaotiou, although he admits, after having soon this spirit, it is in appearance a lady ghost of tho most approved pattern As ail people in South Melbourne know, at the local drapery establishment in Park-street an electric light is exhibited on a high flagstaff nearly every eveniug, and the constable avers that a ray from this illumin- aDfc shining from a considerable distance under a shop verandah obliquely upon the front of the so-called haunted house created the illusion of trie uieiauoiiuly Vfuuimi luwk.ng for hor mcr.cy. The foliage of a contiguous tree and some orna mentation about tho capital of a veran dah post, he says, impart the human form to the electrio reflection, aud that is the whole matter. However, the electrio light has been in evidence for over a year almost nightly, and all tho other "pro perties" which are said to produce the phenome non have beon in their present positions for an equally long time. The wonder is therefore the spirit was never seen before, even in tho lifetime of the deceased tonan'L A neighbor, who lives at the rear of the tenement which tho ghost is said to visit, says sho has been all over the house after dark to sco whether tliiugs wero safe, and suggests that the white figure seen in the bedroom, the knock ing heard on tho wuli aud the walking about in the back yard may have been attributable to her movements. Another person accounts for the depression In the front garden by explaining that she removed a tree fern from it, and did not fill up the hole. However, the popular supeistition rises superior to all these common place explanations, and insists that the place is reaortod to by an inhabitant of another world. Man were -till on the watch last night, although Harcourt's light was blocked out by ft cauvas Fcreen to preclude any manifestation. There are a lot of jokes indulged in about tho thing, yet amongst old people especially who were cradled in Euglish counties, where bogeys are said to lurk behind every bush when "the curfew tolls tho knell of parting day," there is a great desire apparent to give the place a very wido berth, aud of all the residents in the vicinity the nearest hotelkeoper is the only man who says lie does not mind bow loug the Bank- street ghost scare continues. 