TROUT FISHING H AJnns," writing from Tasmania, sits :— No man can be deemed an all-round fisherman unless be can dress his own flies. This art can rarely be satisfactorily acquired unless leamt in bovhood, when the fingers are supple. So far as this colony is concerned, however, U is not essential. Expert fir-tiers bete hare repeatedly dressed flies in imita tion of those the trout were apparently taking, bat without a rail. Indeed, the only successful—perhaps I should say the least unsuccessful—trout fly for these waters is the English "'Coachman," or "Ghost" (white drake wines and red peacock bar! body), used at dusk. This (he trout no doubt takes for one of tbe smaller light-winged moths. In imitating natural flies it is necessary to know what tint your feathers anfl fur will assume when wet. I am at a loss to know where " can have gained bis English experience. Kor Si years I fished hundreds of English streams from Carlisle to Aires ford, and never knew c-ne in which the minnow, real or artificial, was not used. The lures regularly adopted for particular conditiocs of the (rater were these:— 1\. fiiver in high flood and muddy, red worm dropped into (he eddies by the bank"(where trout resort at such times), no float, cast shotted (Jfa 6), cue hock oniy, bah kept about Gin. from the bottom. i C. F.ivtr high, Vet fining dotrc front flood, and no ; longer muddy. Rivers rising- in moorlands are, at j such s liar?, nine-red from peat stain, and the water is then, in many parts of Engined, called a "red i water." Vse shtifiriai minnow, or the real one listed on a fii-rist of smalt tmiiigte so as to spin well. The j iarrrest troat are taken in this way. In the Dpper : ; Thames the minnow is used in quite low water, but : only at such times in the broken water below weirs. ) 3. Water run down to ordinary iewel, and quite ' dear. The artificial fiy exclusively—one tail" fly and ■ two •■jacks." If the fish are sby get some gentles. ! ana pass the barb ci each fiyiiook through the thick ! or rroad extremity of one gentle, so as to leave the head 01 fine extremity of ihe gentle wriggling below j she fly. No trouble need be taken to conceal the barb i of the hock in the gentfe. j <. Water dead low. and absolutely clear, as in time ] of drought. The only method of taking trout at 1 such a time is the following:—Bend on to your ! running line a very fine gut trace, with one small i hock only at the tali end. On this hook neatly thread : j one small red worm of the kind to be found under , all manure heaps, taking care to completely conceal j ' the whole cf the hook, especially the barb and arm- j ' tug. Walk well wide of the river until you | , come ho a moderate fall or rapid. Throw year worm i , as it it were a fiy into the river just above the fall or i | rapid, and let the current cany it, as it will do, over j ' the fail and along the bottom a! the pool below the i ' rapid or faQ. The trace and mount of coarse must j | not be shotted. It is essential that the trout (which, i i unless previously frightened, will be lying at the j bottom of the pool, head up stream!, do not see the > angler, and that neither the shadow ot himself nor his s rod fall upon the water, at ail events until the worm , is thrown, w hen the shadow ot the rod must falL If 1 | the river is "snaggy " this mode of fishing is imprec- j , ticaUe, though stags at and near rapids are not very j usual. I There is reason to believe that colonial waters are [ not very well adapted to fly-fishing for trout. These i fish are here apparently so well fed that they do not i care few the exertion of taking the fiy. They rise : pretty fairly sometimes, but not with the i impetuosity of their brother* at borne, and not once | in a dozen limes do they attempt to take bold. There • is also a great difierencc between the clearness of J Mf rivers here and in England, so it is only nature! to ! suppose trout do not espy a fly as readily or quickly. • If this assumption is correct, a gaudy ] no particular pattern—with plenty (otd-iwitt,*, , fax, such as proves so fatal to sahtwp, migjivbe mOre , successful. Of course it would bgvs ro be much I smaller than a salmon fly, but I should fB»k^ it f largo-than an ordinary trout fly. * t C^[ | One reason why trout do not ris^^b readily <Sr j frequently with us may be that the cbrmps^H^vonVi j 1 wait for such art opportunity, and lh£^Ptfnp£ln*e. { become aware cf this danger. "-7 - ij T f. 