AN ARCTIC PHANTOM. By J. W. Hkxdekson. It was in January, and we were in latitude luJrg. 2 Imin. south. Tho heat was beyond description, for we werelyingbeoalmedundor a tropical sun. The sea waB a deep sap phire blue, translucent to a myEterious dopth, so that, leaning over tho rail, one oould eee bits of g«yly tinted sea-weed float ing far below tho surface. Occasionally a brown fish, looking purple through tbo glorifying water.would Bhoot close to tho ship and then, smiting the placid depths into shivering silver, go Bcurrying away into tbe infinite unknown of the great deep. There was not a breath of air. The sea lay like molten glass under the pitiless sun, and the long undulation of tho swell seemed like tho deep pantings of a heat oppressed boeom. The horizon was lost in a dim gray haze that quivered with tho radiant hoat, and g jvo everything an appearance o! melting. The pitch in the seams of the deck was soft and sticky. Sammy Scurles, the second mate, declared that on tho forecastle deck the pitch was boiling-. We were aboard the ship Afton Falls, homeward bound from the Cop3 of Good Hope. Fred Meredith and I ? wore taking a long sea-voyage for the benofit of our health. We had been fortunate enough to ecourc berths on the Afton Falls forthevoyoge from New York to tho C.-ipo and back. The ship was a big, abia craft of Novia Scotia build, commanded by Captain Harry Bown, as fine a snilorman as ever handled a pig-yoke. WohadbsenaC Durban, and had rolled al most down to our lower yard-arms on the big siroll Ihat always tumbles in towards that uninviting beach, and wo hadwondorcd how on earth any sane person could oboo/sc sush a place to live in. We had also been under tbo shadow of Table Hook, and had come out of tbe bay in one of those rushing winds that em down the mountain and blow a gale ins'nio the bay, when outside tho sea is smooth and the wind very light. And hero we w ore a few hundred miles on oar, loii«; (rip, becalmed and baking. Captain Bown, Meredith, und 1 wero sitting under an awning .wiread over ono side of the quarter deck. Tne ehip was under a splendid dis p-ay of canvas, but; tho 3jils were simply bleaching in the sun. The courses were dewed up, in the vain he pi that a stray breath of air might Bteal along the dcok. The man at (be wheel rnoppad his brow, and stured helplessly at tho compass card. The ship had no steerage-way. The vessel wae full of groans and crealcB and the dialling ol hooked doorB as sho rolled lazily on the long, lev/ swells. Sammy Sauries, tho second mate,, had gone to the main topmast head, for he declared that ho had got a little fanning every time Rho rolled. The men forward were Jyhig about in all sorts of attitudes ex pressive of weariness and dipgest. Ohf fellow climbed out on the jib-boom, went to sleep and almost fell overboard. As we sat staring at ono another, the voice ot the coloured cook arose from the galley trolling a ditty which ho he bad pioked up in the. Southern Statos : ' Diahyah nigi;ah ain't gwine tcr die Till old Jim Crow come roun' by-me-by, An' «ay' 'Hey, niggab, yo' got tor fly high': Umpb-umph! Ah,umph-umphl' The Captain, Vtcd, and I looked at one an other, and amilod. Wo wondered how any one oould master up energy enough to sing. For a few minutes nothing was heard savo the creaking o? the ship's timbers and the flapping of her idle canvas. Then the oook lifted up his voice again : 1 1. wiBbi I war in Baffin's Bay, Whar all the niggahs am made ob day, An' pos&ims; go askatin' obbcry day. Hoop-te-loody I Ain't dat gay ? Slidin' down a iceberg in Baflin'slUy.'1 At that the three cf us burst into laugh* ter, and Captain Bown said : ' I believe tho fellow'B right. The only thing to do on such a day is to imagine you are in ' a cold plaoo.' * ? ? 11 You aro just right,' said Fred. 'I wish I wore doing a cake walk around the north pole.' 'Well. I don't believe I should care muoh about that,' said I. 'The noiihpoloisa hard place to get to, and a harder place to got away from.' ' That's very true, sir,' said Peter Young, the first mate, who had jast finished taking a sight, and waa on his way. below. ''Did you ever hear of tho whaling ship Young Phoenix.' 'No,'. p*olaimed Fred, 'What about her?' ?Well, Bir, Bhc'x A 835-ton whaler that weai out about two years ago. She was as fine a vesBelasever carried a oook, Bir, and was said to bo a hard one to beat on a bowline. Well, sha got oauKht in th« ion h hundred milca or so north of Point Barrow, and wbi orushed in below tho water line, bo that uht was supposed to be sinking, and h« crow abandoned bor, The craw eigiuped, tpd mado their way baok to civilised parts ol the world, but their ship did not eiuk.' ' What became of ber?' I asked. ' Well, sir,' said the mote, with a mysto riousair, ' she's sailing thoao bobs yet, with out a captain or without a crew.' ' How do you know ?' demanded Fred. ' She's been oighicd, Eir. More than that, aha'a been boarded.' ' VJhcn 1' ' How V we exclaimed. 'List spring a mati named Leavitt, sighted a whaler standing towards shore, surrounded ty ice-bergs. There she was, with her fore und main tcp-.'iils set, and all ber gnar just glittering wiih ice in the sun light.' ' How was it she hadn't sunk V aBked Fred. 'Why, bless you, sir, she wasn't inthe water at all. She was abont fifty feet away from it, up on tho ice. resting there just as comtcrtable as a baby in a orndle, and just aa Ba!o too. Iiauvitt boarded her, and found everything on her deckB as neat as if all hands had just gone ashore for a lark. You see the ioe had nquoozed in under her, and lifted her up.' ' And you think ohe'a there yet 1' I in quired. ' Just as sure as ovor you live, sir. Why, the ice up there doesn't melt all away in the epring, It breaks up in some places, but mostly it just keeps growing and growing, and I shouldn't wonder at all if some of those large berga were hundreds of years old. Don't you think so, Captain ?' ' I think you are about right, Young,' said the captain. ' I have heard about that whaler, but ahe isn't a marker on an aratio yarn she reminds meof.' 'Somothing in your own experience, Cap?' I aBked. ' Yes.' 'Then by all means let us hear it,' said Fred. ' I never knew you had been a whaler.' ' Yea,' said the Captain, ' when I was in command of the Sealskin, I was we' -known at Upernavik, and they do Bay I have been awayup ? But that's what I am coming to. I had been ono Bummer knocking about tbe entrance of Baffin's Bay, and hadn't done a great deal. I was told by some E-ouimaux that a large number of right whales had been seen off the east coast of Greenland, and I decided to cruise that way. In August we hadn't seen a ghost cf & whale, but I pushed on, and when about sixty miles eaBt of Gael Hawk's Bay, the welcome cry came from the crow's nest, ' ' Ther-r-r-o Bho blows !' ' ' Where away ?' I ehouted. ??' Two points off the loo bow, sir/ ' Well, I am not going into a whaling stcry. It's enough to scy we got th»t brute, and did a big trade in the course of the next six weoks. Two mouths later I shaped my course towards Spitzbcrgcn, to go into wic tor quarters there, and Etart north in the opting. I had tho north pole lever, which so often oatches whalers, and I wonted to steal a march on every one else. On October 7tb, a sail was sighted far sway tc tbe north ward, and I wondered whether seme other fellow had my iden. However, 1 had not much timo to wonder, for no eccner bad we sighted that sail than it began to blow f:cm tho south- south east, and in & few bcurs we found ourselves in a most terrific gale oi wind. ' As it wa9 blowing my way, I ecudded with the wind fcr forty-eight bours, n;; Jart observations as our noon position, giving lac. 7S3og. dimin. ncrtb, accl long. lice. 37mia, west. How far beyond that we ner.t no man will ever know. 3J j reckoning vtat entirely Io3t. I had no idea whero r;c wcie The cold waa inten-jo, and great bergs loomed up in all directions, tho sea breaking against them tilled the air with thunder. In tliemidst of this awo- inspiring sceno I wae astounded by hearing the cry, ' Sail ho i' 'She was not more than three miles away. Sho was a vessel of very old build, with a high- poop deck, and sbti was under all plain sail going liko a p'ir.ntom, and ouon disa? pearcd. I best to the southward for four days, fighting against head seas and through ice, when tho sun csme out, and I got sigbtf to determine our position. Whero do yoi suppoao we were ?' ' Whero !' ws both ask-jd, eagerly. 'In lat. SHeg. ',7min. north, and long. lOdcg. 12 Jiin, wcat. How far north of that we had been thai wo should have taken fcui days to beat baok, is beyond me to guetB.' ' What became of the Btrango ship V I asked. ' I am ooming to that. We went into winter-quartern in Moeol Bny. In the spring wo made excursions on sledges, and en one of these we found our phantom. Aa we rounded a point one of tho men ovied : ' Sail ho 1 There sho is anain I' ' And thero was our old acquaintance, still under all sail, but motionless. Seeing thai sho wa3 fast in the V.s, 1 boarded her. He: rigging waa sheutbed in ice, und her entiit appearance wad weird and alarming, j searched high and low over her decks and ii her oabins, but found no signs of either lid or death. I was just comiog away from hci cabin, illled with wonder and awe at tbe strange rencontre, when 1 saw, pinned to tin cabin Vibla with an old-'aehioned dagger, a piece o£ paper, yellow with age, containing some faint writing in a strange language. Upon going over it, on returning to my own ship, a Dtitoli sailor said it was in hie tongue, but some of the words were now out of use. It read thus: ' Christmae, 37!15 i.,v. ' This day wo must leave tho ship. Wi havc been without food, eavo one ptarmigan, for two days. Tho ship is frozan fast in the ice, with aU her Bails set, and we arc not strong enough to furl them. We must try to find land, whero the savages may feed us or put us out of our misery. Why did we ever seek for health in tbeso frozen sear.? It is — ' And thcro tho writing became illegible.' 'And did you you leave the old ship there ?' asked Fred. ' Xo ; we burnt her. She had been career ing over the deep long enough, fret-zing fast when winter earue.and Betloosointhcenririg, for 08 years. 'And ia this. the strangest thing that ever happened in your experience at Bea?' I asked. ' Yes, by far the strange'at.' 11 That beats tbo Young Phoinix hollow,' aaid the first mate, going below. We were silent for a moment or two, Ibeu Sammy Scurles came rattling down from the maintop-mast head, crying nH?vo aomca a breeze.' ; At a recent rutetinti of the Iloyal Society of Eiiiiiburita. Prof. Tftit showed theoretically that water jould be oomprexeedj to about three-fourth* cf its original bulk. Tbo com possibility. t' cea water Jb l!)2 of. that or (rear) water. If the water of the ocean were ''ddenly to W-corne i RnrnprFsnible. four per cent, of tbe inhabit, 'la 1»»-.£ nf tha tlobe would be oubmcn-ei? i-cc-.uf-o the iscan d. pin ot water wou.'J ba incren»ed 1IC feet. Wii»n inu know a tiling.', to know imm \\. luown ; and wbeu you do boi kuowuiii.i o allow tbtt you do not know it, ihii '- oowWd.Kt—OoKmcm, 