nThe Evangelist for all Men. St. Luke's life was intimately linked with St. Paul. Hence the third gospel may be spoken of as The Gospel according to Paul — Hence \- it is the widest, the most human even of the gospels of the grace' of God. The parables are universal in their applica tion, e.g. — The Lost Sheep. The Lost Coin. The Lost Son. The Good Samaritan. The pictures of the Publican in the Tempie; Zacchieus; Mary of Magdala; the woman with the issue of blood ; the dying thief, are ineffaceably painted on the walls of the Chambers of Memory. She Gospel of the Outcast it has been well styled. Tradition says St. Luke was an artist ; the New Testament says he was a physician. The physician's sympathy and helpfulness, and the artist's faculty of grouping are marked in this gospel of universality and pro clamation of consolation and aid. The Priest of the Old Temple. ' A certain priest named Zacharias ' — thus he is introduced : ' his wife was of the daughters of Aaron ' — pure, therefore, on both sides, in a priestly sense ; 'both righteous before God, walking blameless ' — here character and reputation are both indicated. ' One in affection, one in interest ' — a happy home. But ! — They had no child. The cage was songless. There is a ' but ' in every man's fortunes, or we should cease to dream of heaven. The silence was broken in the house of Zacharias by the prayer of desire. ' The Act of God.— All the rest— the angel, the birth, the answered prayer — belongy to the religioii of faith. The Herald of the New Age. Thou shalt call his name John. Thou shall; have joy and gladness. Many shall rejoice at his birth. He shall be great in the sight of the Lord. He shall be filled with the Holy Ghost. These are headings of chapters — volumes even. The life and ministry of John the Baptist lie in these short key-words. We may condense a biography in a single sentence. Even the highest of all lives is expressed in the phrase: ' Who went fibout doing good.' John. — Like the Old Testament child — Samuel, this New Testament child John came into the world through the gate of Prayer. Some one has said that love is like a pair of compasses. One point is fixed on a unall, particular spot, but from that the other can sweep the circle of the world. So, from the smaller desires of their household, the parents of John the Baptist longeds for the redemption of the whole people. It is right to pray for temporal blessings, but always with the reservation, 'never- theless, not my will, but Thine be done.' ' But if for any wish thou darest not pray. Then pray to God to cast that wish away.' — Coleridge. The blessing of Children. — ' Thou shalt have joy and gladness.' AH parents have this whose children act wisely ana wen. as isisnop Mall says : 'It is a pity he was ever born that holds not children a blessing.' Though sometimes they bring sorrow and sad ness. They can make grey hairs grow prematurely, and bring wrinkles into fathers' and mothers' faces. A child can be a bright angel of God, carding light and blessing. Alas, when it is otherwise. The coming of such a child was fitly announced by an angel of God. ' The first note,' as it has been said, ' in that overture of angels which in troduced Christ to the world. Their voice is heard by Zacharias, by the shepherds, by Mary, and thrice by Joseph.' True greatness. — 'He shall be great.' The gospels uniformly attest John's surpassing ability. He held the atten tion of the world in which he lived. ' Greatness, prophesied by an angel and attested by Jesus, is greatness indeed. Greatness in the sight of the Lord is measured by very different standards from the world's. It does not lie in the qualities that make the hero or the thinker, the artist or the poet, but such as make the prophet and the saint. There will be a wonderful reversal of judgments one day. The true ambition is to be great after this pattern ; great in dauntless witness for God, in self suppression, in yearning toward the Christ, in pointing to Him, and in lowly contentment to tade in His light, and decrease that He may increase.' — Maclaren. What we are in God's eyes decides what we really are. The balances of the sanctuary are the only true weights. 