THE GHOST CENSUS. REPORT OF PROFESSOR SIDG- WICK'S COMMITTEE. [From our Special Correspondent.) London, October 30, 1894. Mr. Stead is always enthusiastic. In all that he touches the instinct of the born journalist predominates. Whatever fad or practical movement occupies his mind for the moment it is turned to the utmost account in the production of copy. When Mr. Stead published 'Ghost Stories' in the Christmas number of the Review of Reviews a year or two ago people shook their heads ominously. But when he claimed to be what is called in the language of spiritualism, an automatic writing medium, and to have telepathic communications over long distances from a lady whose identity was concealed from the public under the mysterious name 'X.,' there was a general idea that Mr. Stead's enthusiasm in dealing with subjects of an occult character had thrown his mind off its balance. But he soon showed that what- ever fascination these abstract questions possessed for him it in no way diminished his keen business capacity. In the nick of time he preserved the special character of the Review of Reviews by relegating occultism to a separate publication called 'Borderland,' which has met with phenomenal success, every issue having been rapidly sold out. In summing up the results deducible from ' Ghost Stories' Mr. Stead suggested a 'ghost census,' a project which a few years ago would have been re- garded as bordering very closely on the insane, but the suggestion was taken up by scientists and others, and the conclusions so far reached are summarised by Mr. Stead in The Wcst- minster Gazette from the report of Professor Sidgwick's committee on the census of halluci- nations, which has occupied the time and attention of the Psychical Research Society for a period of six years. The main conclusion is that the continuity of the individual after death is 'likely to be as firmly established and as universally accepted as any other fact in nature.' In the report, which occupies 500 pages, of the August proceedings of the society, the conclusions are stated with extreme caution, the committee confining themselves to the statement that while the evidence is not conclusive, the cases recorded afford some argument for the continuity of psychical life, and the possibility of communication between the dead of and the living, and that there is no absolute discontinuity at the change called death, or transition to a condition of complete isolation from earth life. In the evidence there are said to be many instances of fulfilment of promises to appear after death, as well as cases of apparitions where the fact of the death of the person was unknown to the witness. One of the most remarkable of the cases cited is related by Miss Dodson. On midnight of Sunday, June 5, 1887, she was awakened by hearing her name called three times. The third time she recognised the voice of her mother, who had died 16 years previously. The ghost came round a screen near her bedside, placed two children in her arms, and said : — ''Lucy, promise me to take care of them, for their mother is just dead.' She promised, and the ghost vanished, leaving the two children in her arms. She fell asleep, and when she awoke there was nothing! On the Tuesday morning she received the news of her sister-in-law's death. The committee, which consisted of Professor Sidgwick, and Messrs. F. W. H. Meyers, Frank Podmole, Mrs. Sidgwick, and Miss Johnson, quote many other similar cases, and conclude their elaborate erport as follows :- ' Between deaths and apparitions of the dying persons a connection exists which is not due to chance alone. This we hold as a proved fact. The discussion of its full implications cannot be attempted in this paper, nor perhaps exhausted in this age.' w^SiSinS;Se4amp«catare, or the TwnfaTVor the jmmb&oFOiirtfiB; ina given period. In 1885 ^?iMgsGafa^3aiepted the experience of 5,000 ^^j^&oniire; subject of spooks. The itoesent xiSQBUB related to some 17,000 indi .'.''? -SniMflniBlii'tiydbbin the following question was '-'- '?'''?&&«£''. separately;-1' Have you ever, -when Relieving yofcelf to be_ completely awake, :'- .'?y~'.:l}mil n. . -Avid impression of seeing 6r \--y.lWBbig ? touched by a living being or i*jh*nnnate object, orof hearing a voice, jwhidi impression, bo far as you couk rSescnbe, .was not due to any external phroicai cause?' The enquiry was un \- neriaken by 223 'women and 1ST men, 'whom ; we may call 'Ghost Census Enumerators,' nine-tenths of whom were educated persons, -and they took the evidence of 17,000 wit nesses, the majority of whom also belonged to ' the educated classes. Of these 2,272 answered the question in the affirmative, and this were ultimately sifted down to 1,684. The great majority of these profess to have actually seen apparitions, viz., 1,120 white, 3S8 heard voices, \- *nd~144 were actually touched by ghosts. Of these realistic phantasms 520 were recognised. There were 1G angels and religious ghosts, 33 grotesque and horrible apparitions, and in 27 cases the .spectral form was that of an animal. Of tho visual apparitions 460 were seen within the last ten years, 423 were ' seen while the observer was awake, in bed or immediately after waking, in 430 cases the witness was up and indoors, and 201 ?were out of doors. Classifying the nationalities it is found that those who profeWto have seen ghosts 9'4 were English, 15U Kassians, 23D Brazilians, and other nations 12*1. The great ghost-seeing age is between 20 and 29. Many persons refused to relate their experiences. Among the census enumerators, each of whom was asked to collect 25 answers, 21 per cent, had experiences of their own. How far this would disqualify them as impartial col lectors can only be judged on a complete examination of the cases they furnish. By some peculiar process of arithmetic the com mittee have arrived at the conclusion that, allowing for cases in which the supernatural experiences have been f orsotten, the number reported must be multiplied by some number between 4 and Gi, which would give ten million ghostseers. It is absolutely appalling to learn that out of the 1,000,000,000 people on this planet 10,000,000 at least have seen and recognised apparitions of dead persons. This recalls the lines of Milton — 'Millions of spiritual creatures walk the earth, : Unseen, both when we wake and when we sleep.' Of course even a ghost census enumerator cannot take account of the ' unseen' spirits, but if only 10 per cent, of the living can actually behold spooks, what a vast myriad of unrecognised ghosts must be awaiting dis covery. Indeed, in the appendix Mr. Myers venture? to predict that it will soon become a rare exception for a student of evidence to deny the fact of ghostly apparitions. In his second article Mi. Stead begins by combatting the theory that the supposed ghostly apparitions are merely the visualisa tion of thoughts transmitted by other minds. But, he argues, when the communication con tains information or predictions concerning things to come telepathy will not sufficiently explain the mystery. The meaning of the term ' telepathy' is clearly denned in the report of Professor Sidgwick's committee. It expresses the conclusion that ' thoughts and feelings in one mind are sometimes caused by influences of another mind, not conveyed through the recognised channels of sense.' The report also nefezs to cases 'in which the percipient sees an apparition of someone who is trying to transfer an idea of himself, or of some other human being, to the percipient's mind, without any previous knowledge on the part of the latter that such an attempt was being made.13 The ' cases recorded in the report do not, however, exclude the hypothesis of the apparition, being not the mere exter nalisation of a teiepathically received idea; as a sensory hallucination, but the double, or astral second self of the experimenter. For example, a Sirs. Kayieigh Vicars willed that her friend in an adjoining room should see her, with the result that she did see Mrs. V. standing by her bedside. 'For the most part, however,^ telepathic communication seems only possible for short distances,' say the committee. This is challenged by Mr. Stead's personal experiences. He declares that he has had no difficulty in obtain ing most accurate and lengthy telepathic communications from friends who were hundreds of miles distant. He claims to receive automatically written messages con stantly from persons with whom he has established telepathic communication. Here is one remarkable case — 'When Miss X., my assistant editor on Borderland, returned from her recent interesting expedition in search of the gifted seers of the Highlands, she wrote teiepathically with my hand a long . . report covering three closely written quarto pages, describing the results of her visits, her plans and intentions in the future, reporting upon the condition of the office and its work, and discussing questions of practical business. All this was written out with my hand at Wimbledon, while Miss X. was in town. I had not seen her for nearly six weeks, during which time I had not once ?written to her. When I met her I read over to her her tele pathic message. When I had finished she said. *You have made one mistake. You say So-and-so ** is very painstaking, but very stupid.' That is not my opinion. So-and-so is very painstaking, but only occasio:iaily stupid.' And that was the only error in three closely-written quarto pages.' Mr. Stead also claims to have received tele pathic messages at Grindelwald from London, and in one case that a telegram was anticipated in this way: — He received news at Grindel wald of the illness of a near friend, and decided to return to London. He telegraphed to this effect, and was awaiting a reply giving the doctor's latest report, when he received a telepathic message to the effect that his friend was recovering and that there was no heces 6ity for his return. A friend who was piesent signed this message for confirmation. / Four hours later he received a telegram to the same effect. _ Mr. Stead concludes as follows : — 'Now, if I am asked to explain how my automatic band got that message I can not explain it, excepting on the hypothesis that the mind, whether for the time being in or out of a body of flesh and blood, has the capacity of communicating directly with other minds without being in t!-e least degree hampered by the limitations of space or by the accident of its embodiment or its disembodiment. The more 1 experiment with telepathy the more is the conviction driven in upon me that the mind uses the body as a temporary two-legged telephone for purposes of communication at short range with other minds, but that it no more ceases to exist when the body dies tlian we cease to exist when we ring off the telephone.' To which we may add thac if Mr. Stead's con viction proves to be a fact of general applica tion the days of telegraphs and telephones are ended, snd that the revenue from telegraphs and post-offices will soon be a thing of the past. As to whether it will be a distinct improve ment on the present state of things to be inces santly 'rung up' teiepathically by bores like Brown, Jones, and Robinson is quite another question. ^ ? 