THE RETURN TO WORK. The sessional programme put before Parliament by the Government yester day contained nothing that had not been generally anticipated. It was simply the interrupted programme of the last Parliament restored to the business paper, emphasised by tbe reiterated endorsement of the country. The interruption took place for the purpose of allowing the people to say whether the work therein specified should or should not be proceeded witb, and they having returned tin emphatically affirmative answer, the Government had no alternative but to resume at the point where irresponsi ble dictation bad compelled them to stop. All the interest which comes from uncertainty was, therefore, want ing in connection with the Governor's Speech iipon this occasion. Everybody know, not only what was coming, but bow it would be received by the ma jority of the House. That the com bined Ministerial and labor parties would give the Government policy a cordial reception went without saying; the only glimmer of interest was af forded by the question as to how tbe Opposition would take tbe country's re iterated verdict, and accommodate themselves to the inevitable. In view of all the circumstances, they may be complimented upon having adopted an attitude that was neither unfair nor unreasonable. The only regret is that the opponents of the Government po licy in another place, who have: not been through the chastening fires of the election, failed to show a spirit of resignation equally commendable. Mr. Lyne. appeared iu command of the Opposition, where he acquitted himself with much moderation and some tact. He disclaimed any inten tion of obstruction, and pledged the party behind him to resort to no facti tious proceedings. And as an earnest of that good behaviour, sat down with out moving any amendment on the Ad- dress-in-Reply. The implied hint at the conclusion of his speech to the Legislative Council to continue its fac tious obstruction, however, iu some de gree discounted that assurance. Also his efforts to justify opposition by a grossly misleading analysis of the vot ing at the general election helped to dull what might otherwise have passed for the ring of sincerity in his pro mises to bow with dignity to the dou bly declared will of the people. Mr. Lyne sought to show that the Govern ment had lost ground in the elections, while the Opposition had gained. This was done by detaching the votes polled by the labor party, and treating them as being as much in favor of one side as the other. Allowing for all the dif ficulties which hampered a man in Mr. Lyne's position last night, who had to extract such comfort as he could for his followers out of the circumstances, such a clumsy straining of facts as this can hardly be excused. The late ap peal to the country was upon the dis tinct political principles embodied iii tho Government programme submitted to Parliament last night. Everyone of these the labor party accepted, so that the votes cast for them cannot be distinguished from those cast for the Government. If the Opposition leader believed otherwise it would have been his duty last night to test the result of the elections by moving an amendment on the Address-in-Reply. He refrained, however, from doing anything of the kind. On the contrary, he promised the Government a fail' support, as far as was consistent with party principles, while such sanguine and irrepressible protectionists as Mr. O'Sullivan admitted that, as far as the present House is concerned, It was in cumbent upon the party, "as good de mocrats," to gracefully give up the ghost, and allow the legitimate free- trade majority to rule in the way that the people had directed. It was only to he expected that the Opposition leader would have something to sny about the recent appointments to the Upper House, and it was equally a matter of course that lie would not make it more complimentary than need be. Tho grounds of his necessary ob jection to tliem were, however, some what oddly selected. Mr. Lyne con demned the Government for unduly strengthening the Legislative Council in the elements of conservatism, while to the conservative immobility of that Chamber he and his party are looking with the only hope which remains to them. Iu reply to the leader of the Opposi tion there was not much that the Pre mier fouud it necessary to say. To show the translucent fallacy of Mr. Lyne's analysis of the ballot-box re turns was an easy and, under the cir cumstances, an unimportant task. Without quoting a single figure, he might have done it just as well by pointing to the House itself, where Hie pledged supporters of the Government policy were present iu an overwhelm ing majority. As to the Upper House appointments, Mr. Reid's defence of tliem was almost as peculiar as Mr. Lyne's condemnation. "They were not the best that could be made," lie said, but they were sent to the Council as "a message of peace from the Govern ment." A curious sort of message, and oue which does not seem to be very highly appreciated by the recipient-, judging from the temper manifested. That Mr. Reid is actuated by an honest desire to conciliate tho Upper House, however, is a matter beyond doubt Last night he declared his intention of doing everything possible to restore amicable relations between the two Chambers consistent with respectfully, but firmly, insisting upon the rigbt of the people of this country to govern themselves in their own way. That is the proper spirit in which the work of tho now Parliament should bo ap proached, and as long as it is adhered to the responsibility lor whatever hap pens in the way of constitutional dis turbance will not rest with the Go vernment. Tho general debate upon tho Address-ln-Reply, was featureless and devoid of special interest. Even Mr. Adrian ICnox's unnecessary haste to display the cloven foot of his lll- conccaled conservatism by declaring himself on the side of the Council as against the Government taxation pro posals, created no sensation. 