. MEN AND WOMEN. The residence of a late Governor of Now Zealand, Earl Onslow, Ciandon House,' near Guildford, is admirably stocked with spectres. Ciandon is provided not with one oniv. hut can bonit or throe diBtiuct and separate ghosts — a lady in cream, a female black dwarf, and a man with a board. According to Bill Nye's ontohiography the humourist is 45 years old, a native of Maine, and an adopted son oi Wisconsin, Wyoming, and North Catolinn, which havo succes sively been his homes. He graduated front a farm into a law office, and subsequently into a newspaper office, where his' success began with the development of the vein of humour that has been a very paying lead to him ever since. Zangwill is pictured as a man of the most charming personality. Outwardly he sesms an ungainly man, homely, awkwatd and careless in dress, but n mure gonial com- uanion is rarely to be fonnd. Although Mr. Zangwill's name has been familiar to the lite rary world for several years he is only 32. An anecdote now going the rounds of the press, and based on his manner of signing his name — as "I. Zmgwill" — relates the dis comfiture of a lady who asked hi in what his Christian name was and received the response, "I have none." Leo XIII., according to the detuts, is an ardent lover of chess. He has been a con stant player for over 30 yeara, and his skill in the game is anything but mediocre. His Holiness' favourite opponent is Father Guila, with whom he wus in the habit of playingwhen ho was Cardinal Pccci. On being raised to the Pontifical throne he summoned Father Guila from Florence, where he was then stationed, and .gave him apartments in the Vatican.' Father Guila is said to com- . bine a rare mastery of the game with an exceedingly irascible tamper. Sometimos daring a game with his Holiness he bursts out into an ungovernable fit of rage. On snob occasions Leo XIII. immediately in terrupts the contest nud proceeds to deliver a little homily on the virtues of Christian resignation and soif-controi. At Auckland recently Mr. Michael Davitt spoke his mind on the subject of falsome addresses to public men so commun in Aus tralia I would have boen better pleatod with what had Leen said if yon bad kept a little closer to actual vuigar fact. I detest .exaggeration, and, therefore, I never like to bespokon of in terms of exaggerated praise. (Applause). I must ask yon tu take 99 per cent, ulf what the first gentleman said, and then yon may come nearer the measure of my service in tho canso of Ireland, Speak ing seriously, I must say I do not like .this excessive flattery of pnblic men. It is that which has turned the beads of a few of our men at home who are now oansing trouble. Th Mr heads havo been turned by blarney. a am not, however, deprecating in a ly way what you have seen fit in youi kindness to do to-night in the way of welcoming me. With regard to what you have done, I feel the spirit in which the welonme is given. (Applanio.) But what I have just said, I am speaking in the interest of tne cause generally. (Ap plause.) I hope yon do not turn the heads of your public men here in the manner you have mine to-night; - Baron Hirsch, tho rich Jow, who is a great friend , of the Prince of Wales, is a very hospitable entertainer. He has a shooting-box in Bohemia, whero he entcr- taiua many oi the swells of the English aristocracy, _ It - .was- at tho Em peror Fruncia . -Joseph's shooting-box, by the way, that , the - Baron Hirsch met a rebuff. When ' the Emperor invited the Prince of Wales to a shooting party, with a request that he send a list ol guests to be Invited with him, the Prince of Wales sent the name of Baron Hirsch. The Emperor ran his- pen through it, be cause the .baroo was a Jew, and tho Prince refused - to accept tho invita tion. But the Englieh ariitouraay do not object to. the baron, bsoauee he fa renowned for bis liberality. He always subscribes heavily to charities, and gives to all the hospitals iu London. Once tbere'was a lady at his country house who came down to brealtfast one morning in what the other women declared was a - silk petticoat and. cot a gown. . The baron immedi ately offered her the prettiest dross that she could buy iu Paris, and she accepted. No wonder tne ladies like bim. He is alwayB giving away ciiiar-catet, set with diamonds, and other.costly nicknacke. As for the men, unlimited cartridges are provided at shooting-parties, and if a man comes without a gun, the Baron always has extra guns, nud if he takes a fancy to his guest isyapt to present bim with a costly fowling-piece. The maniage of Miss Mathew, the eldost daughter oi Mr. Justice Mathew, to Mr. John Dillon, M.P., was fixed for November 21\. Miss Mathew- is-At present in Ireland on a visit to Mr. ana. Mrs. Morragh C'Brien, at Killiney, hear Dublin, Aliss Alathow ie well known in. London and Dublin society. She i3 medium-sized, with dark brown hair, largo blue eyes, broad forehead, and very highiy chiselled features. She is an ardent Irish Nationalist, and is seldom absent from the ladies' gallery iu the House of Commons when any debate of interost is proceeding. Miss Maihow is very brilliant in conversation, and exceptionally well in formed. A graceful and touching little work from ner pen, "Tho Life of St. Elizabeth of Hnngury," has been pub- lisiiod by the Catholic Trnth Socioty. Miss Mathew inherits to a very large extent the benevolent disposition of har grand- uncle Father Mathew, the apostia of tho temperance movement, whose statues adorn the principal thoroughfares in Dublin and in Cork, She visits tho poor and destitute in the slums of London,, and permits no distinction of society or politics to prevent her regular attendance once ut least everv week in Fulham Workhouse. Her self, denying efforts havo given a fresh start to many whose lives soemed hopelsisly wrecked. The heir to the great fortune of Mr. John W. Mackay, the Ameriaan silver king, lost his life under peculiarly sad circumstances in rhe park surrounding the Chateau Alayet, in the Department of the Sarthe. Young Mackay, who waB only 25 years of age, was visiting the chateau with two frionds for a few days' shooting. They were amusing themselves by riding ronie imper- fcctly broken horses. All at once tho horse on which Mr. Mackay was mounted took fright and ran against a tree with such violence that the rider hud his teeth knocked out and hud a hole battered iu his forehead. His companibns carried him to the chateau, but Mr. Mackay was past all aid. He died scion afterwards without hav ing recovered consciousness. Not much was known about this, unfortunate young man, except that he shared his mother's preference for European life and society. His father, John VY. Mackay, is a remark able man, apart from his riches. One has only to glanee at his strong jaw, clear, Htcady eyes and strong aqulino nose for proof of the qualities that made him tho most-talked-of man in the States before Jay Gould and the Rockefellers were heard of and when the Vanderbiit fortune wub in process of forma tion. Although now an old man, his body retains much of the sappleuess of the hardy miner of former days who founded Virginia city. The city has little to recommend it now. It has becomoa desolate place since the mining began to fail, with a huge hotel without guests, and with even the saloons empty. Mr. Mackay is tall and well shaped. He still takes great care of himself, dresses with almost ostentatious plainness, and rarely drinks anything stronger than tea. Two years ago an old miner shot at him at Seattle, iu Washington State, but he has got over that. His wife is now a confirmed European. She live in one of the most luxurious houses io Carlton Houso-tcrraoe, between the Earls at Pem broke and Caledon, and entertains largely. 