THE DEAN . CASE. SENSATIONAL DEVELOPMENTS. A OHARGE OF CONSPIRAOY. ARREST OF MESSRS. MEAGHER, CRICK, AND DEAN. WHAT THE CROWN RELIES UPON. STATEMENTS BY THE ACCUSED. FURTHER ARRESTS PROBABLE. TiEnFs were startling developments in connection with the notorious Dean case on Saturday. Just when it seemed that matters were to be allowed to sink into oblivion, the public learded of the arrest of the two attorneys and of Dean himself on a charge of conspiracy. The question swhich forces itself to the front is-Will this trial solve the mystery which up to the present has surrounded the case? Tihe first clue in the matter appears to have been given by a correspondent to Sir Julian Salomous. The correspondent gave particulars of a conversation lihe had with some one connected with the case; and Sir Julian was enabled to put the police on the sceot. The initiative in the matter of the prosecution was taken by the Crown. The information was laid by Detective Hinds early on Saturday morning. The charge against the accused is that they conspired together with others to per vert the course of justice. What the precise nature of the conspiracy is will be fully moade known as the trial goes on. So far the proceedings have been merely formal. Mr. aMeagher was arrested in his office, hr. Crick (who was about to go to the races) proceeded to the police station with his partner and was then arrested himself, and Geo. Dean was taken as he was about leaving his boat. All three of the accused are now on bail. The charge against them isa general one. We (Sydney Herald) are given to understand from official sources that the warrants were taken out in consequence of a de claration made by a chemist, Mr. 1R. J. Smith, residing at North Shore, having reference to the case. The salient point in this document, which is of bulky proportions and enters into fall details, is an admission by Mr. Smith that he gave Dean some arsenic. So far as can be gathered there is nothing in the statement with reference to the strychnine which Dean was also supposed to have had in his possession. Mr. Smith, it is understood, had been "worried" a good deal about the case for some time. He had had constant visits from the police, who were untiring in their efforts to find out every thing; pressmen had "interviewed" him with the abject of gaining information; he had been ap preached by people interested in the case who desired him, if he knew anything, to say nothing; and inquisitive customers and the public in general seemed to take a delight in mentioning the matter to him upon every conceivable occasion. At last Hr. Smith resolved to make ia clean breast of the whole thing. He wont first of all-so we learn -to the Attorney-General and made a verbal com munication to him. Mr. Want sent for Mr. C. Delohery, S.M., and the statement was written out and signed, and the warrants followed as a natural sequence. )With the view of proving the " con spiring together " the Crown will, we understand, endeavonr to prove that Mtessrs. Crick and Meagher became aware that Mr. Smith had supplied the poison to Dean, and a great point in their case will be that after Dean was convicted and was in gaol his attorneys, knowing him to be guilty, persisted in the agitation for his release, and ultimately suc cEded in bringing about his freedom. On thoother hand, preseming that knowledge of Dean's guilt is proved, consideration will have to be given to the question of how far a solicitor is entitled to con sider any commutnication coming front a client as confidential. It will thus be seen that the case may bristle with legal technicalities as well as sensa tional revelations. Mr. Crick believes that there is also included in it " political malice," whilst Mr. Meagher indicates that the dinouement will be startling. In addition to this it is hinted that, under certain circumstances, the police may make other arrests. There is no knowing at present how matters will end ; but in fairness to all parties the public should be asked to suspend its judgment until the whole of the facts are fully before them. CONFESSION OF TIIE CHEMIST. The confession is a document of a bulky nature, occupying between 20 and 30 folios of foolscap. Smith goes into the minutest details in connection with tile transaction. The chemist says that on a certain date, which he mentions, he did not sell, but " gave " a quantity of arsonio to Dean, believing that it was for the purpose of exter minating vermin. Dean was not provided with a witness, as required by the provisions of the Act, and he therefore did not make an entry in the poisons book. Smith only confesses to havinggiven arsenic, and denies that Dean ever procured strych nine from him. Although it is understood that Messrs. Crick and eongher are not mentioned in the declaration, it is said that the statement seriously implicates them. DEwL MAINTAcINc SttNrCE. George Dean, on being seen by a representativo of the Sydney Herald on board the Wallaby on Sunday night, refused to utter a word in connection with the case. TuE PnocoEEnMts Ne COUnT. As there is very rarely any business transacted in the Central Police Court on Saturday afternoons, no magistrato was available to hear the applications for bail. Mr. Smitbers, however, was sent for, and held a Court in his private room. The Crown Law Department was represented by Mr. Wilshire, and Superintendent Larkins was also present. Mr. Levien, on behalf of the p1isoners, applied for bail. Mr. Wilshire stated he had instructions to oppose the application. He did so, he stated, mainly on the grouud of the serious nature of the charge. Mr. Levion referred to a case in which a solicitor was recently charged with conspiracy, and pointed out that the Chief Justice in that case had decided to grant bail. After a consultation of about 20 minutes, fluring portion of which time Mr. Smithors left the room, it was decided to grant bail, and Mr. Wilshire intimated that it was not intended on the part of the Crown to further oppose the application. Bail was allowed each accused in the sum of £3000-that is, accused in £1500, and two suretie: in each case of £750. The following gentlemen were the bondsmen :-For Mr. Crick, J. Morgan and P. J. Garahy y; for Mr. Meagher, Dr. M'Carthy and John COnningham. In the case of Dean some little diflioulty was experienced in obtaining two sureties of £750 each, and it was decided to allow him the alternative of giving three sureties of £500 each. At half-past 4 he was bailed out under the altered conditions by Messrs. Walker, J. Martin, and H. Paul. The actused were then remanded to the Water Police Court to appear on Thursday next. J)Dtcotive M'Leau applied on t:o termination of the Court to Mr. Crick for all papers in his possession concerning the Dean case. Both Mr. Meagher and Mr. Crick readily assented to hand over any papers they had, and instructed one of their clerks to conduct the detectives to their oflice, give them the keys of the drawers, and allow thetm to take away all documonts they desired. It is said that when the magistrate was called out of the room it was stated that some one wanted to see him. He had a conferonea with some one, and on returning said he had to go to the Crown Law ofHces. On his return he said he had seen the Attornoy.General, and bail was granted. Mr. Lovicn expressed the opinion that the issue of a criminal summons would have done all that was necessary in the matter. Nothing has been decided by MIessrs. Lovien, Crick, and Meagher as to what shall bo done, ox. sept that Mr. Barton is to be roeined to defend S. ~ oeagher. Mr. Crick intendseto defend himself. Mr. Lavicy says, " A peculiar circumstance in the case is that the police received instructions to take Mr. Meonagher to No. X station and Mr. Crick to No. 2." INTRanyrV WIwn Mn. Cntcc. ffr. Crick was seen at his residence on Sunday by a Heraldt reporter. At first he displayed a disincli. nation to say auything about the caso, remarking, "I anm not very much ponaerned in it, and I do not desire to speak yet. But," lo added, " my present intention is to speak on Tuesday afterigon in the Asesombly. I do not know at this moelont in wh?ht form I shall bring the matter befqre Parliamoint; but I shall lose no time in doing so? I firmly be liovo that these prosecutions have been instituted, at least so far as I am concerned, with a view of soort oing my mouth, or, at any rate, of discrediting me, so bthat when I did speak, I should be, in the words of Sir Julian Salomons, ' an accused person.' But If Mr. Want thinks his desperato action will have any effect co me, he has entirely reckoned without his host. I aim p?tisfied that the Cabinet has never sauctioned the notion of the Attorney-General in this matter, and I think that long b rhico the case is beard public opinion will be strongly againstihoe rttorney feneral." " You seem to regard these prosecutions as the re eult.of perasoal feeling, 3Mr. Crick?" "It tau bo nothinog else. I will mention one fact to you. On Saturday, after the magistrato had gone up to the Crown Law otlico, where he had in sjated on granting bail, he came back to the Court, and made it evident that there had been someo talk as to a compromise in some way, for hoe saidto me, ' Have you any objection to the amount of bail;' Isaid, ' You can make it £20,000, and see how long it will be before it is fortlhcomiaug As a matter of fact, within a few minutes of tihe time the fact of my arrest was made known to the public, people ilooked in from anl directions, anxious to know if they could bo of any assistance torme in the matter of bail or otherwise; and after I loft the Court I suppose between 60 and 70 persons offered their sorvicee to me." "The charge against you was that, witll others, you were gailty of conspiracy " "?'es; and all I can say about that is that Dean and I must have beou a rum pair of conspirCrs. I have only seen him four times in my life. The first time I saw him was when he was behind the spikes at Darlinghurst on his trial. That was when Mr. Wantassured me that he went up to the Court to seeo Dean gt fair play. The next time I saw him was on the night of Dean's release; the third time was when I appeared for him in the summons case Irought against him by has wife for maintenntice; and the fourth and last time I saw him was yester day, when they brought him to the Central Police Station under arrest. There doesn't appear to be much of a conspiracy about that." "Can you say anything about the legal aspect of the matter P" " Well, I have not up to the present time given much thought to that I was much more annoyed at having to scratch Sadar yesterday, who was rertain to win the Flying Handicap, than about this charge. Indeed, I had the money in niy.pocket to back him, and here it is," added MIr. Crick, pulling out a handful of sovereigns from his vest pocket. " But it seems to me that before they can even enter on any case against Dean, or any one else, they would have to substantiate what, in my opinion, they can never do-and that is, Dean's guilt. I suppose even the Attorney-General would admit that there could not be a conspiracy to get off an innocent man." " Do you know anything about the chemist who is mentioned in connection with this matter?" " I do not know Ilim, and I have never seen him in my life. I do not know any chemist except Senior, at whose shop I have been dealing for some years." STATEUIENT sY Mn. MEaonEo. On Sunday a Sydney HIerald reporter saw Mr. Meagher at his resideonce in Waverley. IMr. Meagher expressed himself as being confident as to what tihe result of the prosecutions would be, and said he had no fear about them ; but he considered it pre mature to make a statement, as he intended to speak later in Parliament. " But I can tell you this," Mr. Meagher added, " that the denouement of this ease will be a revela tion to the publio." " In what respect, lIMr. Meagher ?" " I mean in regard to what has actuated these prosecutions. I prefer not to make any further statement at present." So.us Atmoaronr OPPOSES BAIL. Whilst Mr. Smithers, S.M., was hearing thie abjection of Mr. Wilshire to bail being granted to IMr. Crick at the Central Police Court on Saturday afternoon, he was called away to receive a telephone message from the telephone in the police station. Upon Mr. Smithers inquiring who it was required Iim, he received a reply, and then said, " Yes, and Mr. Wilshire is here to oppose bail." In reply to a further question the magistrate said, " I see no reason for dealing with this ease differently to any other ease." The magistrate inquired on what grounds bail was opposed, and then intimated, after a pause, that unless stronger grounds could be urged he would most certainly not deal in a different manner with this case than any other case, and suggested the advisability of a personal interview, as he did not desire to carry on an argmcent through the tele phone, especially as several persons were in the station. The conversation was overheard by several persons. Mr. Levien, who was in the vicinity at the time, eoncluding from the tenor of the conversation that some pressure was being brought to bear, said to the magistrate, " Do not be influenced by any one," and at once received the reply, " You may depend that I will not allow any one to interfere with me in the exercise of moy duty." Mr. Smithers then drove to the office of the Attorney-General, and met the Under-secretary for Justice outside the building. After a short conversation Mr. Smithers was noticed to enter the Attorney-General's office. Mr. Wilshire and Mr. Wade were, it is believed, present at the interview. Mr. Smithers subsequently drove back to the court, and allowed thie accused bail, each in the sum of £1,500, with two sureties in the sum of £750 each. STATEaENr n Mn. SMiTr's AnsITAvTsr. After the developments on Saturday a Sydney Herald reporter called at Mr. Smith's chemist's shop and asked for him. There were two assistants behind the counter at the time, and several customers were being served. Calling.oaeassistant aside, the reporter asked, "Is Mr. Smith in F" and having received a reply in the negative he nasked, "Wh?Vn will he be inu" "I really can't say," answered Mr. Padloy, the assistant t; "he has gone away for two or three days," and he smilingly added, "to got out of the way of reporters, I think." On Sunday Mr. Padley was again seen, but could give no further information than that Mr. Smith went to the bank about noon on Satsr day for change. He returned shortly afterwards, but was only in the shop for a moment, he presumed to put the change in the till. Then he lost sight of him and had not since seen him. Mns. SMITII'O SrAvouNTr. Mrs. R. J. Smith, who was also present when Mr. Padley was spoken to on Sunday, was asked where her husband wap. She said she did not know. He had gone out on Saturday, oas Mr. Padley had said, and had not returned. She had become anxious, and had gone down to the local police station to inquire for him, but could get no news. "Late on Saturday night a message was brought to me," she said, " that my husband was all right, and I was not to worry." The reporter mentioned that it had been stated that Mr. Smith had admitted having sold the poison to Dean, to which Mrs. Smith replied emphatically, "That is false. I am certain he never did." Throughout the conversation Mrs. Smith did not appear to be anxious to talk. In an interview which a reporter had with Mr. Smith on the night that the Hon. E. Rater first asked his question in the Council 3Mr. Smith said he had only seen Dean at the trial. The Attorney-General went away' on a fishing trip on Saturday afternoon and he was not expected back till Monday evening or possibly Tuesday morning. INTERvIEW WITH Ms. SEYoOUR. MIrs. Seymour was seen on Sunday night by a reporter. She said 'her daughter, Mrs. Dean, was too ill to see any one about the case. The strain of it seemed to be telling on her, and the latest development had given Mrs. Dean much concern. Mrs. Dean had been too ill to leave the house. In fact, she added, her daughter was suffering from the lingering effects of the poison which had been administered to her; her heart was beating wildly, and she was generally prostrated. " Of course," said Mrs. Seymour, "it is very satisfactory to both myself and my daughter to find that everything is coming out as we thought it would. Weo prayed that the truth would be discovered, so that we would be cleared from an unjust and terrible impu tation. Still, Dean is the father of my daughter's child, and we have no particular desire now to see him punished." Mr. Goddard thinlks Mr. Loxton has acted un generously. Mr. Goddard is still convinced of Dean's innoconce. INQUIRIES oY ToE DETEcIVcES. Detective Hinds, with his assistants, Messrs. M'Loan and Jones, has been engaged for fully a fortnight in prosecuting the inquiries as to how poison was obtained. During that time he has had frequent interviews with Mr. Smith, the chemist at North Shore. It is understood that this gentleman was brought to view the matter in a different light from what he had hitherto done by the reprcsenta tions made to him by this officer. The authorities had for some days been expecting Mr. Smith to snake the statement which he signed on Friday. The detectives have not yet completed their inquiries in the matter. It is not improbable that further arreste will be made. This will, howevter, depend on certain facts which have yet to be cleared up. PThe detectives appear to have a clue, in which they have great confidence, as to how the strychnine was obtained. It is a well-known fact that one of the detectives, in whose judgment the Crown law authorities have great faith, has had a definite and clear theory on this head all along. The Premier was in Parramatta when the news of the arrests reached him. " How about the Dean case ?" he was asked by Mr. Hugh Taylor. " Oh, lhat's all over," he replied. When told of the arrets hoe (tq use Mr. Taylor's words) was fairly staggered, and turned !' as white as a ghost." A PEULIAn STAT ENwr. A statement ,wl??el would seem to demand somo explanation wos p?ad. by George Dean on Friday night while on a visit to td ipoiuso of a former acquaintanee. Naturally thb ease o uis referred to, and Dean expressed a desire to see ovorythi?e settled. In answer to a question as to what ho in tended to do in the future he said, " Well, I'm working on the steamer now, but I'm going to give it up in It couple of weeks; I'll be a rich man then." The person to whom this remark was addressed sought for no eoxplhation, and Dean jotipteored no further information. THE KuATIxo ErisODn. Thursday's papera contain particulars of an iiterviow with Detective Kieating; whoso name has been prominently before ith public in conneotion with the matter. It will to remembered that Mr. Ieagher, in making his explanation to the Ilouseo, affilpmed that the officer in question had a conver satiio with him at the North Sydney Police Court, in the courrs of which }io is alleged to have remarked " that Deain ought to copsider himself lueky that he had not been arrested before, ins he (beatiug) had been informed of the ppiseuing ia month before. and had 1con asked for a warrant, but advised his interviowors to watch and wait. " This statement," the officer added, f' has t?ent greatly misconstrued; we had a conversatlon about six or eight weeks after the birth of Mrs. Deaonn's baby, and as far as I can recollect her words were OOh, manm and myself were nearly poisoned,' or 'killed.' I thinl she said ' poisoned.' I inquired how, and she related that Mrs. Seymour one tnorning while she was ill in bed prepared some groats, and put the utensil containing the milk and groats on the table where Dean was having his breakfast. She left the room for It few minutes, and, returning, took the groats up to Mrs. Dean, who partook of a quantity, Mrs. Seymour eating the remainder. Both soon became violently ill, and commenced vomiting. This was the story told me and I was naturally interested in it, and asked if any stranger had access to the place and was told ' no.' Feeling disinclined to discuss the matter I contented myself with giving her some Found advico, ntt never was the subject of at warrant mentioned." Alfter being questioned about the police court proceedings the reporter remarked that on the previous day Mrs. Dean denied having seen or spoken to the detective for some time prior to the ease coing on at the police court. " That is not correct-there is a mistake. I am sure Mrs. Dean must remember the circumstancem very well. She came over to see her mother, who was staying at Mrs. Johnson's, and it was then that I saw her." " But she was most emphatic in her denial." " I cannot help that. I am stating the truth, and she did see me and the conversation that I have related took place on that occasion. The only con clusion that I can come to is that she must have forgotten it. But to have the matter thoroughly cleared up I am willing to accompany you to see Mrs. Dean." The reporter acquieseced, and in a short time Seating and himself called at the house in Water loo-street where MIrs. Dean resides with her cmother. The door was opened by eIrs. Seymour, to whom, of course, the officer is known. The officer then proceeded to relate a number of little incidents which occurred on the day that the interview between the women and himself took place. After a lapse of a few minutes Mrs. Sey mour remarked that now she remembered the cir cumstances quite well, and gave an eager assent to the sebtement then detailed by the detective as to what took place on that occasion. " I don't know how Mary could have forgotten, but the poor child has been so worried that I am sulre her memory nmst have failed. However, as I remember it, I wish you to set it right in the papers." A few moments later Mrs. Dean herself appeared, and upon being informed of what had taken place stood in an attitude of deep perplexity for a few moments. Mrs. Seymour then jogged her daughter's memory, so to speak, and the latter, after thinking for a few minutes, admitted that she did remem ber the interview. " But my memory is so bad at times that I had quite forgotten; but now that mother has refreshed my memory I can remember it quite well. But nothing was said about the poisoning-I said we were nearly killed by taking groats." 