THE FREMANTLE GHOST. WENT TO SCOFF-EEMAINED TO PEAY. 'THE APPARITION COMES.' THE NETHEE WOELD. THE ELYSIUM.— A DIP INTO THE FUTUEE. (BtO.B.) ' There are more things in Heaven and earth, Hor*,tio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.' So spake our own beloved Shakespeare, he who ' was not for an age but for all time.' Seated in the cosy saloon of the Club Hotel, Fre mantle, the other evening, this truism so tersely expressed by the great Bard of Avon, was recalled with startling vivid ness by the recital of a travel- stained man who had camped the preceding night in a deserted tenement on the outskirts of the Port. The speaker seemed 'clothed and in his right mind,' and related his experiences in what he termed the ' haunted house' with such an air of inward conviction that several of hi3 listeners were visibly impressed. After hearing his thrilling narrative, however, we remained just as sceptical of ' occult phenomena' as ever. Such things we regarded as like Macbeth's air drawn dagger, the 'fake creation of a heat-oppreBsed (or beer- oppressed) brain,' tho mere out come of a morbid fantasy. To entirely disprove the dream of a nervous man — for as such we regarded the story — we resolved to visit the hut where tho ' perturbed spiiit was wont to take his nightly walk.' Accompanied by a trusty friend and ' armed to tho teeth ' we started one evening for what we had satirically christened the ' Spook's Hue.' It was 8 o'clock when we reached the place, and, as there was nothing else to do we quickly had a blaze going and sat down to await developments. We uau prevwuBiy sworn tnat uenuu, tago, berlud,' would stain the thres hold of the cabin, should the sjhost honor us with a call. The Qours wore slowly on, till 1C o'clock arrived, by which time the fire had burned pretty low. Seizing a Queens land blanket we composed ourselves for 3leep, confident that no visitant from the nether world would care to disturb our happy dreams. The dying embers of the fire threw flickering shadows on the wall and the shrill caU of a forlorn nightbird outsido added to the weird ne3 which notwithstanding our best efforts was gradually impressing us. Our companion slumbered ere this, but we could not sleep ; a horribla sensation was stealing insidiously upon us ; a vague mysterious something was hover ing in the very room, making its evil iuliuence felt rather than seen, and the air was stuffy and oppressive. Creaking noiaes now began to assert themselves as though the door was being split into matchwood and, several times repeat ed we distinctly heard a sound as of calico icing torn. The key was taken from the lock and thrown violently into the middle of the room, without anything but a cloud of mist being apparent ; stdhea commenced to fall at intervals upon the roof, and when we trembled a hollow sepulchral laugh ensued. Pre sently a Bound as of hissing steam was heard, a bright light flooded tho room, and before we could speak an apparition clothed in white shining raiment, stood before ui. And the Spirit fixed a horrid stare upon us and anid ' Come,' s-nd :ve were borne away without tho power of resistance. Whereat a great fear foil upon U3, our knees knocked together aa the rattling of dry bones,our eyes start ed from tsneiv sockets, and our whole physical proportions quaked with an unutterable terror. For the spirits of dead paat were all around and about us ; mocking voices sounded in our ears ; demoniacal yells of laughter — the horrid mirth of lost souls— filled the air which was lurid with. Bulphurous fiame3 and choking . . f unies ; everywhere wizened faces were peering down upon us as if to mock our helpless desolation; the lightnings of the nether world flashed incessantly : terrific bursts of thunder played a weird accompaniment ; and all the time we were sinking down a slippery bank, where horrible, slimy, crawling things emitted a feeble, phosphorescent glow.and intensified the terrors of the infernal pit. Such sights were sear«d into our brain as with a heated iron, our nerves were all un strung, our lips parched with a great thirst, but we found voice to frantically exclaim * ' Hold ! enough, Macbeth.' Have we deserved this fate ? Htve we not ever preached — and practised — that divinest creed the religion of Humanity ? Ha.ve we not loved more the far-off image of afaultles3 life than the sordid aspirations of nineteenth century civilization ? Have we not tried to help our brethren towards those other heights whose conquest yet remains for men of heart arid brains ? Has our doctrine r.i t uniformly been : — ' GentJy scan your brother man, Still gentler sister woman ; Though they may gang a kennin' wrong To fetep aside is human.' Hero our voice failed and tho Spectre answered : Thou hast spoken, well ; and because thou art of meek and lowly dis position, and hast done the thing3 whereof thou i'lastspoken, — haBt trodden ?with bleeding feet the thorny paths of journalism, plucking no reward but Dead Sea fruit, reaping no honor but such a3 abideih in an empty pceket, — because thou has succoured the distress ed and. not like the Levite '' passed by on the other aide,' io ! thou shall not perish. But I will unroll before thee the scroll of the future, and thou shalt read its pages with a clear vision without the aid of Lazarus' spectacles, and thy bouI shall sit in judgment upon things earthly. This, aholt thou do remaining unhurt amidst ' the war of elements, the wreck of matter, and the crash- of world's.' Thua ? ' We dip't into the future iar as human eye can see, Saw tho Vision of the World, and all the wonders that would be.' Then the Spirit waved its wand. In stantly there was a sound as of a cool, rushing wind, and the silver chime of falling waters, and the sweet odour of blossoming violets, and thesofttinlkeof bells, and the beauty of shimmering fountains, and low music as of an Aeolian harp. Whilst we stood bewilder ed at these things and marvelled much, the Spectre plucked us by the shirt sloove, — -we had lost our coat — and pointed away towards the purpled east, where, by the side of a perfectly peace ful lake there arose a colossal palace of an architecture quite unknown. For it was the Elysium of the Good, the Sanctuary of tho Righteous, where dwell those bright immortals who re cognised that ' We 6hould live in deeds, not years ; in thoughts not breaths ; In feelings, not in figures on a dial ; We should count time by heart-throbs, he most lives ' Who thinks most— feels the noblest— acts the best.' Towards the Palace we bent our steps BE without sandals, and we needed them H not, for the green earth was soft aud H yielding to the tread. As we seared H the hike an exquisite chant fell upon our H ears' and we noted that the Bky was 9 softer and bluer than ever the famed M skies of Italy. Never before had vro H listened to such sublime melody, it H reminded us of Milton's angel of whom m the blind poet ?wrote that when he B ceased M ' We awhile thought him still speaking H Still stood fixed to hear.' H Presently tho harmony died away like 9 a faint, quivering sigh, and wo ventur- 9 ed to ask the cause of it. Our 9 guide replied that the throng w,--.3 9 chanting the requiem of sin, the death 9 of vulgar desire, tho demise of all un- 9 holy passion. All the notorieties were 9 present at that choral service ; Mozart, 9 Beethoven, Hsaidel, Verdi, Wagner and 9 Mendelssohn were there, and tho musio 9 welled up from grateful hearts in v&ry; 9 fulness of joy. Passing the portals of 9 the Palace we exchanged greetings 9 with Epicurus, Aristotle, La Place, §| Shakespeare anddivers other individuals H who practised clear-cut charity when ll upon earth ; but of malefactors who had §| robbed life of its sweetness and H Humanity of its dues, of these and of || promoters of the Londonderry ' boom' M ire saw not one. And we spake to the w& Apparition saying :— ' Since thou art 9 privy to the thoughts of men and dost 9 read their minds aa an open p::ge toll 9 us o' ©i.-thly things.' And the Spirit H said—' I will. First of all be it kroTrn 9 to thee that the Premier's attempt to 9 play the combined role of the Good ra Shepherd and the modern Moses has ra| bitterly disappointed a host of his M friends. Already he has practically lost m several ' sheep ' who will desert tho p Ministerial fold in order to saTe their || political tails. Such faithful followers j| as Silas Pearse andthe all-wise Solomon || are bleating piteous protests against m the scanty arid pastures on which thoir M political shepherd has condemned thorn || to nibble, fearing that if they tarryJ^ longer they will die of dearth andj|| drought. In their case tho projected |j| removal of the Railway AVorl;shop3 1|| forma the bone of contention. Harmionj|| too, has also uttered some plaintive ||§ bleats, and shown a disposition to lead j|| the flock astray. The legal Leake alc-o |i butts so vigorously at the Premier- that Eg he threatens to bring him down and||§ stamp the life out of him, in which E: congenial task he will be actively aided Wk by Illingsworth. Because Sir John Eg takes a broad liberal view of a hideous- E|| ly local matter, Port residents claim gji that instead of fulfilling hia promises™ to lead his flock into ' green pastures ' j|| and beside ' still waters/ he has ledjgl theta into a veritable wilderness where™ no manna falls, and no water gushes!™ from the rock and the promised land of j|s peace, progress and prosperity like all delusive mirage recedes farther ahd|l| farther the moro it ifl followed. . InjijS threatening to remove the WorkBhop8H| from the Porfc,tho Ministry have sinned||j against those who have kept them outi| of Opposition bondage and therefore injS the wrath of the people kindled against^ them- In their extremity they swear |w that the Premier shall not see the pro- 1| mised land of secure and prolongedt^ political power. His own followerelp loudly demand a scapegoat to make™ atonement for them, and they fiad one||| in the Enginoer-in-Chief, whom theyWl would send into the wilderness with allia hia imperfections on his head. The al i^njm hosts led by their great Captnin, — 1|| Leake — encompass the . Government™ round and about secretly making mookH of them, and inwardly crying 'Your timejlj has come. Where ba your Gods nr,i«M that they leave you to perish at ouzHj hands ? Perhaps they are .taleep; colla| upon them, abase yourselves, cut y0'1*™} selves with knives, yea, weep and hotvlH that they may be awaked, when peradjB venture they may listen and save you. Iffl But the Government have faith in theiiW leader (who is a mighty man of valourlffl to pull them through. For is it not reJH corded how vigorously he has causeuHJ the Harbour Works to ba pushed forJH ward at Fremantle, and that the Port iJ» soon to be blest with a graving dock 3H The Harbour ir orks — despite tho ctoakiB ing of certain wise-acres are destiaeoM to prove a big success, although the pro JR posed dredging of the river as far ajH Perth can never be effectively carriecfH cut. The Coolgardie goldfield -will easiffl ly survive the shock occasioned by thaW collapse of the Londonderry mine, aneffl the Murchison country will eoomJ astonish the world by its wtmderfuBH richness. Evennow hundreds of obscureM prospectors, whose doings never fincH their way into print, are obtain-H ing handsome returns from allu.7iaB| workings there, through the agency ofi| Steve Lorden's dry-blower, adiiiittedlaH the greatest artificial gold-saver of th J| century.' All theso things and diverffl others did the Spirit tell us, wakingS known why Lord Kintore visited W.AH and Sir William liobinson has goniH homo; what became of the man froiiH Galvray and his comrade who BtruclH Buckley. Yes, ' we dip't into irjilB future,' saw the fremantle liarboTuBM crowded with shipping l'roui the fcnjH corners of the globe, Sir Willvim KobH inson created au Eiul, the colony boomH ing, and tho agitators so fond oB preaching rebellious doctrines cast intj outer darkness amidst weeping an-H wailing and gnashing of teeth. BuH time pressed and the Apparition T/a9[ growing anxious. 'Lock yonder' R^iH tho ghost, and we again looked far intH the future :— ? B ' Saw the Heavens filled with commercfl argosies of magic sails, I Pilots of the purple twilight, dropping dovrfl with coftiy hates ; ? ? Heard the Heavens filled with shouting aoH there raiced a xhr.stly dew H From the nations' airy navfej grapp'.insj iH tli e central blue ; - 9 Far along the world-wide whisper of tbH south wind nisbing warm, 9 With the standards nf the people plunginB thro' tbc thunderstorm ; H Till the war-drums throbbed no longer anH the baitlo-flags were furled B In the Parliament of man, tie Federation of tho World.' 9 And when we turned to the Specti9 Io ! it had fied. Hastily we returueH to town, and to-day we are thus enableH to tall our readers of the FremantlH Ghost. M 