JOTTINGS. GERMAN mineralogists have discovered that some of the gold mines worked by the ancient Romans in central Portugal will yield a handsome profit still if worked by modern methods. Thomas Foster, who has recently beeoon sentenced at London to three years' penal servitude for a number of potty frauds, was the originator of the missing word craze. There were 362 exhibitors and 1300 machines at the recent Stanley Cycle Show at the Agricultural Hall, Lon don. Amongst the novelties was a bamboo cycle, which weighed only 221b, and has been ridden 1000 miles. A widow in Paris was so haunted by the fear of encountering her dead husband's ghost that she married again, thinking that the presence of a successor vwould keep the apparition away. A curious consequence of the general mourning in Russia is an expected in crease in the number of marriages through young people being forced to spend their evenings in domestic cir cles. Times of public mourning are said to be invariably followed by a crop of weddings. A peculiarity of the blind is that there is seldom one of them who smokes. Soldiers and sailors accus tomed to smoking, and who have lost their sight in action, continue to smoke for a short while, but soon give up the habit. They say it gives them no pleasure when they cannot see the smoke. A London widow, aged 87, died the other day from a broken heart, through overstraining herself in fast ening the buttons of her grand daughter's dress. It was stated that such a death had only been known to have occurred once before. A burning question amongst the auctioneers is, it appears, that of how to keep the voice up to its proper pitch. The auctioneer has sometimes to cultivate his voice like an opera singer, as his livelihood depends upon it. There are throat and lung spe cialists who devote particular attention to this grave matter. The skeleton of a prehistoric bird has been found in a mound in Idaho (U.S.A.). It must have measured 40ft between the tips of the wings during its lifetime. A strange accident recently befel Mr. Whymper, the famous mountain climber, who had scaled many almost inaccessible heights without injury. He was to lecture in Liverpool on his experiences, and fell while ascending the staircase loading to the platform. His collarbone was fractured, and the lecture had to be abandoned. Two young men were summoned at Swansea recently for damaging the communion-rails in a church. It ap pears that they were in love with the same young lady, and as she was leaving the church they rushed to her side, and in the struggle which ensued the damage wasdone. At a London establishment where the business of tobacco and photo graphy is combined, an announcement may be seen to the effect that pur chasers of tobacco, etc., to the amount of twopence and upward will be sup plied with a coupon. When a collec tion of these represents purchases to the amount of one pound, their owner will be entitled to two cabinet por traits of himself on payment of one shilling. A strange maintenance case re cently came before one of the New York Courts. Manley Downs, the defendant, who is a prominent church and temperance worker of Northvillo, testified at the trial that his wife, Augusta Jane Downs, put pepper in his bed, burnt his bibles, and stole his Sunday clothes, and even burnt them, so he could not attend prayer meet ings. Judge Millard said, in giving his decision, that the man who had to sleep on the floor because of pepper in his bed and wear his old clothes to prayer meeting ought not to be held for non-support. The wife declares her intention to carry the case to a higher court. The Queen, since her return to Windsor Castle, has inspected the carpet manufactured in India specially for her Majesty, and which is the largest ever made. It is 40ft in breadth, and contains 58,840,000 stitches. The weaving of it occupied 28 men 14 months. The man re sponsible for the accuracy of the pat torn was a convict under sentence of 10 years' ' rigorous imprisonment.' At the last sitting of the conference of the English Land Colonisation So ciety, recently hold in London, Mr. Fletcher advocated the afforestment of the 26,000,000 acres of so-called 'waste land' in the United Kingdom, as a means of affording work for the un employed.. While some compensation might have to be given by the State for certain kinds of waste land, where the land was absolutely worthless he would give nothing for it. Even vast tracts of land now covered with coal dust and cinder heaps in the region of exhausted coal-mines were capable of being afforested. One of the London newspapers states that the late untimely death of Lord Drumlanrig is expected to cause the withdrawal from the Australian gold fields of one of their best-known habitu6s, viz., Lord Percy Douglas, who now becomes heir to the Marqui sate of Queensberry. Colonial postmasters are frequently perplexed and amused by the vague manner in which letters and news papers from the United Kingdom are addressed. Thus a letter reached Sydney addressed 'Victoria, New South Wales,' being intended for Melbourne, Victoria, and not the small municipality of Victoria in Sydney. Again, letters have been re ceived addressed 'Adelaide, Sydney, New Zealand,' which is very like ad dressing a letter ' Brindisi, Boulogne, England.' 