COUNTRY NOTES. At Ryde court on Saturday two yoi named Tunics and Dean wera committed trial for assaultiing a girl named Emily C Ball was allowed. The weather in the Parkes districl still dry and intensely hot, with occasic duststorms. The outlook for farm graziers, and miners becomes gloon every day. ; Mr. Wright, an old and experièn miner, and one of thè Bushman's dh tors, has been appointed the Parkes d' gate to the mining conference to be t shortly in Sydney. A sad case is reported from Tumut, farmer named Peter Arantz, who is a man man with- seven children, went meian ci mad after; assigning his estate. He lefl road camp, at Bombowlee on November and a search party on Sunday found 1 quite insane on the bank of the river. The Dubbo Wosleyans held a tea meet on November 20. One speaker remar! that "the people of Dubbo must be of a markable order to assemble in Buch nu bers for such a «purpose, when the th mometer stood at 90deg outside, and about 150deg (more or less) inside." Our Ulmarra correspondent wires: Th© 1 marra Public School concert held on Nove ber 22 was well attended. Mr. W. Leeson, i secretary of the school board, presented c tífica tes to the successful pupils, and Mess Henderson and Capp and Miss Kibble recs ed great, praise for the manner in which th performed their duties. On November 20 a wedding was cele- brated in the Roman Catholic Church, Dubbo, by the Rev. Father O'Keeffe, the contracting parties being Mr. Alfred De- laney of Warrie Flat, and Miss Stanley, of Raby House, Dubbo. Miss Stanley, sis- ter of the bride, and Miss Delaney, sister the bridegroom, acted as bridesmaids, and Mr. H. Miles was best man. A sad tragedy is reported from M'Mi ter's Station, Croppa Creek, Warialda d trlct. The wife of Mr. M'Namara, t overseer,. on November 19, gave two of h children some sulphur and honey, and ta some herself. The mixture must have co tàined poisonous matter, as one child di that night, and the other afterwards. T! mother is now out of danger. An investig tion showed that, instead of sulphur t stuff mixed with the honey was Little sheep powder dip. The ages of the ch dren were 5 and 7 years. At the meeting of the Narrabri Stock ai Pastures Board on November 21, a commun cation was received from the Walgett boar enclosing copy of a resolution passed at meeting inviting the Brewarrina, Pillig Moree, Coonamble, andi Narrabri boards adopt a uniform rate of- bonuses for scalp and forwarding the rates adopted by tbi board as follows: For the snout of every wil pig, 6d; for the head of every crow, 4d; f< the head of every eagle hawk, 6d; for tl scalp of every kangaroo, 6d; for the scalp i every native dog (scalp and tail to be connec ed), 10s. It was unanimously decided to olio the matter, to stand .over till the election < the new board. Harvesting is in full swing throughoi the district, says the "Jerilderie Herald, and from reports the crops are panning oi slightly better than 'was expected. O some of the.farms from four to six bags pf acre seems to be the usual yield. Som samples brought in from farms * on th Yanko and further north look splendic being fine plump grain, clean and brigh and Tvhich will weigh well. From th north of this town this season, betwoe 7000 and 10,000 bags of wheat are expecte to be brought in, and as farming in thi direction may be said to be still in its in fancy we may expect now that the idea o the. plain country not being. suitable fo agriculture has been exploded, to see agri cultural pursuits gone into on a large scale A country paper published in one of th< northern towns tries to awaken . remorsf among its delinquent subscribers .by the fol lowing paragraph : Say, subscribers, when do you think the money is coming from tc produce bur next issue? We can't get anj paper to print without, the cash in advance, We have worked for two years and three months for nothing and boarded ourselves or rather our "wife has boarded us-free gratis for nothing. Our baby wants a perambu lator or go-cart of some sort or other. We are out of -wood, . out : bf potatoes, out of flour,, out of meat, out of butter, out of sugar, out of patience-in short, out of everything-, except a clear conscience. We have dodged our creditors until we are tired. We have not got à copper In our pockets and you owe us between £400 . and £500. W[e are trying to live a Christian life,--and hope to get to heaven, lt affords us no satisfaction to think that we shall' hot meet you there. We should greatly prefer to have you pay us, and thereby ? remove a very great obstacle in the way of. your reaching that place of 'rest. [ "? : In a recent issue we noted the strange story of . tho Braidwood lion, and also the yarn about the constable at Bombay, in the same district, who was nearly thrown from his,,, horse by a : mysterious force, which also whirled a .miner's tent several thousand'feet into the air. And now a bard (in? the "Braidwood Dispatch") has given' an -explanation of the phenomenon. It ringa through the bush like a great lion's roar, i:,:-'--- .-. ' ? Affrighting the people of Jembaicumbene: And some ' have asseïted, Insisted and swore, That a" lion, or tiger, or bunyip was seen, With a:great shaggy mane, lina a tall cocked straight up, With red, glaring eyes, and a menacing mouth ; . ? While others Indulging In old Bacchus clip Affirm that a serpent hos come to the. south. One Celt ls quite sure he heard the banshee, The Syrian hawkers have-all left the road, A Scotchman detected' the croon of Dundee, And ghosts are ' supposed to have changed . their abode. ' ? ... The noise was so harsh a tent at Bombay, Which formerly stood the wild wintry gale, Tore off from its lashings and floated away. And left an old miner uncovered to quail. At Coghill the sound distinctly ls heard, From the depth of the.night to the dawning of morn; . But to cause so much terror ls simply absurd Its only Patt Flanagan blowing his horn. In the Goulburn distriot tho drougl continues, and gloomy roportB aTO receive from the adjacent localities. - Messrs. Crawford and M'Cray, coi tractors for the Gil Gil hore, have struo a fresh supply of water. Tho total suppl is now 150,000gal per day. At "Wollongong on November 2 Franoia Woodward, a solicitor, was cotti roitted for trial on a charge of fraudulentl appropriating £\0Qt the money of a clien named Alexander Lang. Mr. T. Cotterill's woolshed at Back Creek, near Hartley, has been destroyed by fin It is stated that the owner, for whom grec sympathy is felt through the district, wo uninsured. Incendiarism is suspectée and the local police have been commun! coted with. - ' James Cameron, an employee at FraBe and Company's Baw mills, while Ioadin timber ht South Grafton on November 22 was crushed to death through a pine lo rolling over him. The skull was Completel: smashed, and death was instantaneous. De ceased has left a wife and family. Mr. N. C. O'Neill held an inquiry into the fire on the 6th instant at Tattersall's Hotel, Tocumwal. A jury of five were empannelled, and a verdict that not sufficient evidence was adduced to show if the place was wilfully or accidentally set on fire was returned. The groom George Williamson, who was in cus tody, has been discharged. Conflicting accounts are to hand relative tc the crops (writes an Albury correspondent). Ir some parts of the district down the river, ll is stated, that they are- better than since thc year 1890. Some of the late crops will doubtless not go two bags to the acre, but then a good many of the . early crops can go .six bags, and they are hi the great ma jority in the district, which includes such centres as Corowa, Berrigan, Savernake, Tarramia, Bull Plain, Collendina, Murray Hut, . and Barooga. The output of wheat will, it is also stated, be considerably more than the previous year, and will also be of superior quality, the heads generally beting splendidly filled. Herr Von Sauerkraut, the barber in an up-country town, was very fond of shoot ing, and on his many expeditions into the surrounding country in search of game he never but once- neglected to take a flask with him. The exception occurred when he had arranged to go out rabbit-shooting with a couple of local hotelkeepers. He felt certain that each of them would carry a flask, and so thought he need not trouble himself to take one. When lunch time came it was found that both of the bonifaces had neglected their obvious duty, and there was nothing but water to drink. Sauerkraut was justly indignant. "Veil, shelp my gra chus," he exclaimed, "two publicans, and bot of dem has not a flasg got needer. By shlminee, next dime Incomes shoodin' mid you I aday ad home." At the Warren Lands Office on Nov. 21 ll blocks of land within one and two miles from Ehe Nevertire railway station, and about 10 miles from Warren, Were, thrown open un der the homestead selection provisions. The area of these ranged from 32 to 93 acres, and although these were all most favorably situated not one was applied for on account of the prohibitive valuation of £2 10s per acre being put on. This is openly stated by the local residents who require land, but who will not give more than 33 per cent, above what is gonsldered the fair market valuation. There is a strong and legitimate demand for land throughout this district, but amongst that class of intending selectors who possess above the average means, the action of the Minister is generally condemned in- restrict ing them to leasing pr .homestead selection, as they would prefer to take the land they require under the old conditional1 purchase provisions! One block bf about 4000 acres Is to be thrown open shortly on Mullengud gery, and already there are dozens of in quiries concerning it from different parts of the colony. Fifty thousand acres would not be an excessive quantity to meet ..the present genuine demand. Under the heading "An Exciting Scene off Wallaga Lake," "Jackaroo" sends the fol lowing to the "Cobargo Watch:" The resi dents on the coast, both black and white, were thrown into the wildest excitement on Monday about midday by the sight of a large boat drifting past Wallaga Lake, bottom up wards, before a very stiff southerly breeze. She appeared to be about one and a half mile off the beach, and 'some object could ba plainly seen balancing itself on the keel. The cry was passed along that it was poor old Peter the Greek; and after very little conside ration, it was resolved tb make the; attempt to launch one of the aborigines' boats from the beach and go to the rescue, and in a very short space of time it was hauled over the sand, and then the fun commenced. Time after time she was started out, only to be filled and thrown back on the beach; but she was quickly balled and set going again. For nearly an hour everyone worked like Trojans until a huge sea curled completely over her, smashing her down on the sand with such violence'that three planks, were stayed in and the keel almost wrenched 1 off- her, and the attempt had to be abandoned. By this time "Peter" was almost out of sight, being close to Read's Point, so all hands made a bee line along the beach to render all possible assis tance to the poor sufferer if still alive. As the crowd neared the point, lt was seen that the boat was just going on the rocks with seas breaking over mountains high. Faster Went the stream of people, reaching, the cliffs In a breathless state, and with eager eyes gazed speechless at the horrible. sight below; for there, smashing against the rodes, the reckless waves were dashing - not Peter -but a huge whale. Yes; a whale that, judging by its appearance and odor, had been floating about since he died, of a broken heart at losing the run of Jonah some years hack. Not a word escaped the sorrowful (?) crowd for many minutes. At last a dusky beauty In petticoats lisped out, "got a piece of baccy, boss;" then -slowly and in a very . thoughtful manner, the fifteen or twenty rescuers wended their weary way homewards to the dinner that had been neglected for some hours.-Facti 