CHILDREN OF SIGHT. A MORNING WITH THE BLIND. I By oar Special ReDorter.l How Lord Lyttoa played noon tbebeart itnngi of ths readers of fiction with that beautiful and pare creation ot his— Nydia, the blind girl— who enaots snob a promiuent part lai we oeteoratea Jbngiubman a magmncent work, the 'Loss Days of Pompeii !' Would that I had* little of the faoulty of the distin guished ouUior, that I might enlist sympathy for and stimulate a benevolent publio to do something for the poor blind people I saw on Saturday morning. 'Assist the blind to assist themselves' ia the laudable priooiple on which thft Industrial School for. the Blind works. On a recent Saturday I visited this excellent institution, and under the guidance of the bosiness Manager (Mr. A. W. Hendry), indeed a eapital fellow, I took stock of every department, convened with the inmates, and in all sneaS ft pleasant two hours, receiving quite ma educational lesson the while. The original building was, as its structure and' style of windows denote, a house of worship, and it is doubtfol whether by the law of evolu tion or thw force of circumstances it could have been converted into anything more acceptable to Him to whom it was first erected than ?- School for the Blind. The old Church ia now used prinoipally to display samples of goads manufactured in the com paratively newly erected workshop* at the rear, while at the southern end on either side ia reapeotively the outer office and the varnish ing-ro«m. Although the authorities are cramped for room, order and method prevail in all the arrangements, and the good* were all set off to the bs*t possible advantage. Round wicker chairs mode of Sooth Aus tralian willow, and reflecting the greatest credit on the maker, wo* one of the principal lines, while m high-back graceful drawing room chair was finished in design and of ex cellent workmanship. This and bamboo-work are two classes of work the institution ia taking up. Brusherof evnry description, with theexoop tioo of those need for painting, and all made on the premises, were displayed ready for sale. Down a flight of stairs into the basement and I saw ell the manufactured atock, *' whicn we would rather nos have,' said ilr. Hendry. 'Bat yon see we have sot the blind people, and wo must give them something to do, and if tho demand for oar food* fall off tne atock naturally qooomoiat— .*' ' Have you a short* time system?' 'Well, whea circumstances fores us to do it wo impose a limit, which iBjeons that a man cannot earn more than 15s. a week, bnt we would far rather not have to do snob a thing.' THE LIBRAKV— A HEADING LKSSOX. THE LIBRAKV— A HEADING LKSSOX. A glance at the varnishtng-room, and I was ushered into the library, a department which opens up a new world entirely to the children ef nigkt. Here I was introduced to Mr. D. Storne, the home teaoher, who was writing mcnatcriptaccording to theBraillesvstem; and two young ladies, who are learning muaio, one the piano and the other the violin, with the view of becoming teachers. In the improve ments which ore contemplated, and of whioh I will speak anon, due attention will be paid to this department. At present all the choir practize under Mr. W. R. Pybas and the band praotice under Herr Hans Bertram i* per formed in this small room, while the young lady learning tbe piano does all her practice here also. While Mr. Hendry was telling me this Mr. Sterne was rapidly writing with his little stiletto-like instrument, and I was oom pftaaionate on hia behalf. 'Under some con ditions music does not always have charms, Mr. Sterne?' I queried. A smile passed over the over- amiable face of the home teacher, and I agreed with him that ' in a library yon don't want musio ; you require a lii.de quiet.' And although Mr. Sterne is not troubled with Patrick Weldon grinding 'Home, sweet home,' or a German band vigorously playing popular airs with endless variation*, tha fact remains that one does not want musio in a library. Mr. Hendry a-ked Mi*s ? to sing a song, and diffidently complying the blind girl sang in a aweeo voice, with a pleas ing strain of sadness running through it. and with porfect oaunciatioa, a quaintly pretty number. As one tn tha realm below I stand by tha streams oi 'oe! I hear the vain shadows elide, I feel thsir soft breath at my sido. And I thirkt ths Iove4 funns to see, An.l I stretch ray fond arm* around, An.i I catch but a sbaoelevs sound. For th« living are ghosts to me. Such was the blind flower-girl'* song, but what a new world of enlightenment did M. Braille and Dr. Moon open up to the *igb:le» '. What a priceless treasure did these inventor* of their respective systems of writing bestow on u-/\\\rr-v DDrBnuiiTTvn u-/\\\rr-v DDrBnuiiTTvn tbeir tbaukful fello«rs in »miotion, past, present, and future ! Tbe eyes bave been appropriately described am windows of the eoul, but with their sight bla»te-! the :-oulfulnei* ex pressed by tbeorbs seems diffused over tbe fea ture* of the face, and « sad beauty if nos sub limity imparted to tham thereby. To is struck me lorcibly, ««pocially with ths uiora highly educated inmates, but withal thore wai nothing to indicate any thine of discontent. In conversation with Mr. Sterne I learned that there wer* 730 volume* in the library, 377 being in Moon type and 375 in Braille. The former system is a simplilicatiun of tbe ordinary alphabet, aud is u»od tor the fteed blind — thos* who caniu under tbe beai¢ influence of the institution late in life and oanno: master the l*«»r. The Braiie system wm invented by a, blind Frenchman of the ?ame name, and the great advantage of it is that it can be written easily i* well a* read. Tb» Moon symbols can be written, bnt it is much more diffioulr, %ud tbe Braille has superseded it except for the purpose above atated. The home teaching work has opened up a new field of existence to scores of blind folk in the colony. Many have through the medium of Mr. Sterne learned to read and write, and thereby had tbeir home of night illumined by rich jewela of the mind. There are 127 connected with the bouie teaching department, almoet 100 of th*s» living in the town and suburbs, the remainder being resi dent in the country. Mr. St*rn«, who is blind himself, visit* the sightless in their own homes throughout the colony, teaches them to read and write, and forward* them books from the oiroalatins; library. The town and suburbs are visited once a month and the country once a quarter, the Home for tho Aged Blio-\ the Destitute Asylum, the Blind and Daaf and Damn Institution, Brighton, also coming ender the home teacher's ooeration*. To illustrate tbe fruit fulness of Mr. Sterns'* work here is a casein point. An old lady living on Yorke'a Penin sula, with one side paralysed and almost deaf, had never read for over fifteen year* when this department was started. Imagine now the transport, tbe rapture, which tbia ztconverse with book* moss have oaased to thrill through this old woman'* frame ! A new life ho* been opened np to her. No charge is mad* for this grand and noble work. One of the men trained at tbe Institution has gone as a misaionary *o Tasmania. There being no institution in Tasmania ohildrea used to bo *ent to Viotoria and Now South Wales to be taught The South Australian referred to is anenergetio young fellow with plenty of ' go.' He entered the North Adelaide Institution, learned the raised-type ayatem, mastered the trade of basket-making and eomebody being wanted to enlighten the blind in Tasmania he waa only too. ready to go. ' Before he had bene there many week* no got bold of twenty or shirty blind persons,' said Mr. Hendry, 'and he ia now writing to me for information with refe rence to atarcing ati institution which tbe Go vernment parposo as*i»ting.' The young man'* name ia Mr. D. Soown. To tarn now to the workshops— 1- splendid objeot lesson. The baildiag is substantial, ?pooioa*, airy, and well ventilated, the base ment running the whole length of the structure— 36 ft x 60 ft. — the top floor being divided by a partition into tne men's and women's workshops, the former department being 36 ft x 40 ft and the latter 36 ft x 20 ft Eight girls were at work, three of them being engaged in making horse-brushes, drawing the whisk through tha holes bored in the head of Jthe brash. In reply to a question one of the girls told me she could work one and a half dozen brashes in a day,tbe piecework pi ice paid being la. 7d. per dozen. One girl was making hair brooms, and she informed me that she oould do abpot five in a day, tbe remuneration allowed being G*. lOd. per dozen. Seated before a pan of boiling pitch, this inmate seltoted from her hair a small portion, judging the quantity to a nicety, dipped one end into the pitch, tied this with a piece of twine and then, having redipped the knotted end into the pitch, placed it in one of tho holes of the stock of the broom. 'Idon'twantyoutogoawaywithaninflated idea of wbae is beiagdon*,' said Mr. Hendry. ??Some of the inmates are not earning nearly so rauoh as that girl, and in some oases a certain amount boa to be made ap over and above the sum earned.' Pasting on around tbe workshop I encountered a girl rvcaning a chair and another mixing material for brush, work. Thi* poor creature is deaf and dumb and almost blind. Mr. Hendry asked her in the deaf aad dumb language what she was doing. The poor mate took his band in hen, and replied 'Mixing.' 'Some of tbe hair mixers earn fairish wages,' said Mr. Hendry, .' bat we have had men make from 25*. to SOs. a week at it' In the girls' workroom is held the unde nominational Church service and aLw the meetings of the Literary Society, whioh is in a very flourishing condition. It has beea decided to join the Literary Society's Union, and it ia hoped to take part in the annual competition. The meetings of the Society are held fortnightly, each alternate night being devoted to a lesture, and some of thoie who have given tbe blind the benefit of their knowledge are:— The Hon. J.H.Gordon. M. L.C., Mr. P. MoM. Glynn. M. P., tbe Revs. J. Day Thompson, G. E. Wheatley, J. Tack well, Joseph Berry, and Mr. M. Eyes. Another commendable branch in which many mizht assist is tho attendance of gentlemen who three nights in the week read the daily papers and interesting or instructive books to the men. But to return to the work shop*. The man wao would caaso wonder ment to the visitor is he who born the heads for the brashwork. Fastening h:s board with two iron olamps oa to a perforated pattern the workman passed the whirling bit through the holes in the pattern and thence through the wood never onoe mtumg or making a mistake. The machine is driven by means of a gas-power engine below. The boring process is one of the important branches in the brush department, and it is not all who can snoceed at it, it requiring naturally judgment to excel. This man told me he could bore S.COO holes in a day, eauh board containing seventy-seveu. Another Kan was 'tiui*hin?,' the three branches of the 'drawn' work being boring, drawing, and fanning. Several were seated around tbe boiling pitch engaged in the * ' p»o' process, and the dexterity with whioh they executed tbeir work wan dimply marvellous. Pauaing on down the stairs I noticed that water waa laid on in oa*e of fire, and entered the basement, where the mats and bankets are made. Mr. McLennan, one of the Vice Piwaident* of the Literary Society, a very in telligent fellow, in answer to an interrogation of mine, said he considered the Literary Society was one of the best things ever started in connection with the institution. 'By reason of tho Society we become pos sessed of a great deal of information we other wise would not gi-t,' be remarked senten tioutly. ' As far as musio i* concerned we aro not behind any Sooioty. What we want is practice in impromptu speaking.' lie tint i» stricfc«n blind cinnot forget The preciuu* tteosare of his ey Might lost. Yob this man thus awfully affiioted went about his daily toil in a manner tbat would have done credit to aa artisan possessed of tho sweet tenae of sight, and conversed with me in a hapuy, buoyant s:rain. He could not forget, but he «o»tued almost to havo forgives Fate (or thus terribly visiting hitu. What a lesson to many whose dispiwisions have become soared and surly through causes infinitesimal compared with this poor fellow'* priceless treasure blasted. An old m»n (Mr. Forrvator), who is .lmost blind, and who ha* been in th« institution for about fourteen moutht , waa once aa In*pector of Vermin Fences in the Survey Department. ' We could no: b« treated any better than we are here,' he said to me. ' Anything th*t the authorities have it in their power :o do they do for us.' Then we hv) a talk about th» Lit-rary Society, and I asked him if they h*d any budding |K-liticians among them. 'Ye*,' be replied, with a smile; 'I'm one myself, and I'm going to read a paper at tbe next meeting on the ' Cau*e of the Protect Day DepnMiion.'' 'And what are 90a going to attribute it to?' I queried. 'Tbe employing of women where men ahould be working' waa hia reply. One of the innates was making oocoanut .matting of tho coarser kind at a loom, and Mr. Hendry informed me that thi* man had never sesn the article manu factured, and had never had a sample to work by. With a few hints from Mi. Bendry he had pioktsd np the trade himself. The insti tution is sending this clever fellow to the other colonies to get some wrinkles in the business, so that he mar be able to turn ont a better article. The plsiting-machine was ast in motion for my edification, aad the evolu tions of the reels pat me in mind of the daneers whisking around in a ballet There were some splendid vats te be seen, and Mr. Hortmana wee engaged on ? big piece of work. I learned from Mr. Hsedry that Hartmana made the hnae mat in front of the Btjittcr OSes, working ia the lettering 'S. A. Hegiatef without any assistance whatever. Hartmann, who is the Manager of the mat department and a capitally built fellow, fought all through the Franco- Prussian War, and loss his sight in one moment through an explosion in connection with the buildiaz of tbe first seotian of the Moant Barker aad Neirne TUUway Line. Baskets of every de scription were to be aeon, and the work doae in this department is pronounced e^aal to that turned out by any firm. One of the Government departmeats ha* expressed itself very p'eased tbas tbe institution has got the contract again this year, as the artioles made by the blind two yeaia agoare still wearing welL . Aad the institution oaly ask their customer* to iuige their wares from a business and com mercial standnoint and not from a senti mental one. Mr. W. Sporbter, the instruotor of this department made some fancy chairs in London in 1859, for Prince Albert), who was so pleased with the wares that he sent a oheqae of £5 5s. to the workman. MIX BASKET.MAKIN'G. MIX BASKET.MAKIN'G. In the rear of the premises I saw the bone hair being treated. Tne rough material is purchased, and it is washed and rough hackled ?nd put through the carding pomba and graded on tht pnmiMS. L'he institution uses ?rams 40 or 50 lb. in tbe week of this maseriaL I also witnessed the hair being carted, after whioh it is boiled and baked, aad then teased out to give it the required spring. Ia addi tion to the trades already mentioned there is yet another brooch — that of plonoforte taning-Huid Mr. George Ide, the taner, who is blind and has been trained in the institu tion, waa engaged in repairing and tuning two pianos which had been sent in for that par* pose, as the repairs required were so great as to necessitate them being brought to the insti tution, where thorough attention oould be given to them. Mr. Ide is a competent tuner, holding certificates from some of the leading musician* in Adelaide — Mr. C. J. Stevens and others— for whom he has tuned. I think I have shown pretty conclusively that the blind are assisting themselves, and that they deserve the support of a kind and charitable oommuaity. Now to detail the conversation I had with Mr. Handry, which will give one an idea of what the institution propsie doing and the plans for accomplish ing the object in view. He said—' We, like other people, are suffer ing on account of the bod time*, and with the competition we have to fitut in every line of oar work we find it a great difficulty' to keep onr people constantly employed. In order to find additional employment we propose intro ducing saveral other branches of work, and in separate trades altogether we will require a new instructor. One of tbe lines is American broom work, which U particularly suitable for the blind. Five or six persons anight be kept oonaUnoly employed at this, for ia nearly every hom« you will find an American carpet broom. Then share is aoooaaat matting, wbioh ia an expansive ware to import from India. The raw material come* ia olosely paoked, and the duty is muoh lesa than on the made-up article, so this might to made a very profitable lino. Then we pro posed going ia for wool boarded mats, as at present we find it difficult to compete with other people in the commoner kinds, and we also thought of taking up everything in coniieotion with the bedding line. By introducing these new branobes we tratt to overcome the dearth of employment for oar people which at present prevails. As you learned, the Literary Society meet, and the Sunday cervices, whioh are open to the outside blind people, are held in one of the workshop*. The library has to to ased for choir and band practice, while this amall otfioe in which we are seated i* used for theoommittee room. and when I tell you there are thirty-two gentlemen on the committee, with an atten dance sometimes of seventeen or eighteen, yon will understand wtiat that means. The idea ia ta build a showroom in front of the building where w« might display our good* to better ad van tare, and have a room above, the whole width of the property, which would do for hold ing meeting* in connection with theinstitntion. To introduce the new branches of work I speak of and to make these additions to the premises it is estimated that it will coat £1,200. As the latter end of this year the institution has bean in existence about eleven years, and before the school was started nothing was being done for tbe adalt blind. Oar people are oaly too anxious to learn, and there is no truub'e to get them to work. It seems one of their greatest desires that they should to able to earn their own livelihood. There are 131 blind persons connected with the institution, and forty persons are per manently employed here. We purpose arranging one or two very good concerts, and we will visit the towns which did not take park in tho big fairs. We hope to enlist the sympathy of the testdents of the various places, and to hold some fortv or fifty small bazaar*. By this means we think we will to able to raise most of the sum required at any rate. Some people bave got tbe idea into their heade that we are very wealthy. Why, we haven't got a 'stiver.' What bave you done with tbe proceeds of the last fair ? they ask. That sum, which amounted to £1,903, went to purchase the present property and to build the now workshops, whioh were oompletsd some twelve or eighteen months ago.' The 12 o'olock bell rang, and in twos and threes the blind workers arm in arm— being drawn together by the mutual toad, aye, of affliction — betook themselves to their respeo tive homes, for none of them live on the premises. Of Mr. Hendry, my admirable oicerone, I cannot do better than quota tbe last annual report of the committee: — 'We oaunot express too warmly our appreciation of the valuable work rendered to the institu tion by its able and devoted Manager. They thankfully recognise how muoh the success hithorto achieved has been due to his wine oversight and unflagging zeal.' I wished Mr. Hendry good-by, and proceeded to town filled with impressions and stirring thought* su? ge«ted by what I had seen. And some of these I have tried to convey to tbe publio in this artiole on the ' Children of Night' 