DILI A GAPIM At the meeting of tr.-i —ays in a country district of France, an old t ;nt ffoman, in a long 1 , groy, boo was stumbling along. Capt. T^atoon pulled his pantiny horcc to its hatiiit-li:^ as a face, wrinkled and malevolent. that of the witch in the stories, was raised to his—a vestige of a woman, a hag. "The way to Tille de T^ouif-. my good woman ?"' A shrive-Hed hand half raised its.-ilf from the srty cloak, showing that it bore a bundle of boughs; the face was more malevolent; the eyes deep and flashing- out of their faded pupils. "Ah, my fine officer,"' these seemed to say, "you would know, you shall not— you who have ruined our crops, our homes. What matters whether French or German, do you not stand for the war v.-hieii destroys?" As a matter of fact the vonum sr.id n.othinir, only turned avvr.y after that glance. "The virshis mvl th? T micht as well p dcsif mute. Which? Thericrot or the i-. -Ct'.'" With c-'iaractf-rlsi i.» r.-cl-:-eSKiios.s he risked the left-J^and road. The twilight deepened, his cyer-. cIo.-".;!. his le;:? fe!! languidly over toe thinks of his PLCI-1, and this 0<:v.-ip;au-u rop,:'-n of the J^vire faded fi< his Fight. Agrsiu it wits Paris, iray ar^i boant'f;:!. AS'ain Pleasure Ii.-kl the allurm;;; <.•'•!:">. And where v,-oiv; the estates in Xc -- rnamiy' An abyss of debt yawned before the last Count Latoon. A Itmse forward, downward, ami the ride; - v.^s rising" from the dust, wi'.lc awake, while the bay horse rolled over, with twitching muscles following a eo.ivulsive tremor of the limbs. Looking nbom. a fliekeihii- !;i;ht caught his eye. Approaching, he that the light came from the pecund story of a rs milling stone dwelling. He pushed the door faruier on 3l<5 creaking hinges and entered. There were half-filled wine-glasses, a half dozen chairs hastily pushed back. Something strangely like a wail led him to drop a mouthful. Desperation and the wish to fin.-l some guide, food, or a place to rest had justified his intrusion; but now all centred in a devouring curiosity. With his hand on a pistol he stole toward the mysterious door, which he flung' open. "Pardon me, but I run seeking a guile. This must pardon the intrusion," said Capt. J^atoon. Blinded by a sudden glare from the candle in a tall brazen candlestick, lie first became aware of a glove 011 the polished floor, and beside it a little riding whip. Then he saw a liig-h-posted bedstead with the curtains drawn back, and a slim, graceful figure in a blue riding habit stretched over something that lay motionless on the counterpane. How 3org he remained there lie could not have told. A movement of the grieving- woman caused a revulsion, and he realised that he was an intruder. e stepped backward, his spur clanking-, to close the door on this scene which his presence profaned. Turning about on his heel, Latoon saw a tall young woman, her blue costume falling in folds that revealed a graceful figure. "Mademoiselle, pardon my clumsy intrusion, I am Felix Latoon, Count de Latoon in Normandy, and a captain of the Hussars. I lost my way, and bein without a horse—mine fell dead of exhaustion a half hour ago—I came to wards the nearest light—yours. I could .make no one hear; I thought the place deserted." "Tour intrusion is pardonable," she interrupted, a weariness of the world showing in her voice. "They are all gone—fled or deserted—except we three/ and she pointed to the figure on the counterpane. "Mademoiselle," interrupted Felix bowing low, "I trust you may deem me a gentleman. As one I would proffer you my service." "Id. Latoon, as you call yourself, he, there—so still, so terrible, O, so terrible— is my father. We were fleeing from the Germans and we became separated, my father, our servant and I, from ihe others. As best we could—he was suddenly stricken sick—the man and I took my father here to this house, your dwelling, perhaps, which we found abandoned. Our servant went to search for some one, for a doctor. He hardly was gone when my father was taken as you see him now, so still! so horrible'" With a scfb she threw herself beside her dead. Felix closed the door softly on this sorrowing - woman. This was not the same Felix Latoon who had sounded" the brazen knocker c£ the dwelling; no longer did the shadows seem to harbor some ghostly mystery, for he had seen the real fact of death and suffering. Felix had discovered something more and of deeper import than all of his philosophy. c w f u a g o Latoon went about the empty rooms, which were full of chill and musty smells. He discovered another candle in the dining-room, a bottle of wine, and the fuel. Might she not be fearful of him? Had his explanation been enough? So he questioned as he knocked timidly. "Mademoiselle," said Latoon humbly, before her sorrow, "I will watch for you, if you can rest. I have prepared the next room for you as best I could. It will be as well for you if you can rest." "Ah, sir, but I cannot. My dead is here. I will stay with him until my friends come." "If you will trust me," he began again, gently. "Would you not better try to rest? I will watch for you. You will find the morrow hard enough, and can I not prevail on you to prepare for it as best you may?" Reaching the door, she turned gravely to him: "I will accept your kindness; for I can but—. I must trust you." " The candle sputtered and flickered. The watcher fell into a vague drowse. He thought he was in Normandy, and Pedro, the hound, was lying at his feet, while a little dried old woman, his mother's maid, told him ghost stories. One of the narratives was his own recent experience. "And the house vanished utterly," went on Annette's quivering tone. Or was it Annette? Was it not the old grey woman he had met at the cross roads? But she faded, and he was at a great ball in Paris. He could distinguish the faces, the chatter of voices, the inflections, the scent of roses. "Bah, women are dolls, playthings, sawdust marionettes, ah, ah!" Boisboy, the clever Boisboy, was saying. Felix then noticed a sweet, charming sad face, a graceful figure, turned towards him; Boisboy's sneer was hideous. That fair face gave Boisboy the lie, and he had slapped his friend's smiling face. The music crashed. They grappled. The whole ballroom a glare of faces—and— "Monsieur!" The sleeper sprang up, shaking the stiffness from his limbs, rubbing the sleep from his heavy eyes. A man dressed as a priest was shaking Latoon by the shoulders. "M. Latoon, you have fallen asleep with weariness." The phantoms of the niglit were gone. The figure on the counterpane had lost its weirdness. Latoon bowed to the clergyman, as becomes a devout believer. "Father, I was tired, and I must have slept." "A great man died last night, M. Lrt- a O"".; hT'.ve a 11 "/:/!•.• He leane-.l toward the silent figure on the bed. Mon.-ieur—Capt. Latoon. the bereaved voung iady has told ne of your good ' service, ilonsieur, I wouia thank you for the family of the Duke, ana for her, the mourner." Felix bowed, saddened, for he thought suddenly he might never see again the young la-jy whom fortune had cast in his path only to snatch- away. "Capt. Latoon. you are in hr-;Ft' a t<i resume your j-»nmcy. A horse sn«l guide are at the door to carry you to the army o- t!-.•-• Loire.." An*.I CMpt. Latoon sr. ,v in these urhr.ne accents a polite dismissal. •v-Iflv I not bid good-bye to the young iady?" "She c-'jmniissioned mc- to express her Gratitude." ~ "Ycs. I will not disturb the mourner. I will take up my journey," assented Felix. A few years later Col. Latoon, fresh fr.'ini service in Algiers, caught a glimpse of a face in a carriage on the Avenue c.u Bois du Boulogne. "Who may that lady be?" lie asked of his companion. "Do you not know? Ah. you have be^u in Algiers. Ail!' 1 . <'l,ihe de Chanf.-.u Lr.:•->.-.;•) knew that ehiirmmg f- v.-hkh f-..uM bci-ng to only one person in the Y.-v-rH 1 .. 33c: n-.An*ged in some v.--:;-- lo meet ner, thv.v who know the story declare that thr-yncJi the rcvc-nture of a night ?i! impr-tv--- risht-'l Ccvvnt o:" Xorr.iandy n. e-.U-iv.-i from Algiers, won. over many suitors, the- richtst heiress of France.— "Xew York Xews." 