UNDER THE VERANDAH® Death brings famo .whore lifo might dony tbo: J crown of laurel. : Tho demlso of Sir Robert Duff cluring his ooonpanoy of offioo as Governor of " Now South Wales will seonro him remembrance. in histoiioal record where no not of his official oarcer might gain for him this notice. Although Now South .Wales is the oldest of Australian colonies, it is a ourious foot that she has never. ; befoie' lost an administrator by death.' Vic- . tpriiySoutli Australia, Qu'eenMandandTasmania V; . havo all aiiffored , a '.loss of this, kind, iiiit. the: mother, Colony' hitherto had no such esporionco. Sir, Oliafio'a Hotharn, after a brief.,; . , and fitful career in. the nowly established colony . of, Yiotorln,' resigned his position by the all ' . compelling power of death, aud lies buried in the Melbourne cemetery.' In South Australia ' Sir Domiiiiak Daly died an old man in 1868, and 'Colonel Blaokall, Sir Geo.' iBowsh's sno- " ccssor in QueonBland, also ended a lengthened career in the colony. Tasmania's flrst Governor, Colonel Collins, died suddonly at Hobart Town ; on 24th March, 1810. ,. , , ' There is n similarity between Viotoria and the Bombay .Presidency at tho present time, for both are bewailing the loss of the most popular ' ' Governor that people with short memories de clare they ever had. Lord Hopctoun is not liko Lord Harris, en expert cricketer, bnt he makes up in apprcoiativencss what he lacks in praotico. A good story is told of the Kentish oaptain in the reoentiy published memories of : .Dean Hole. A dinner was given to Lord Harris before his departurofromlndia, and Lord ' Winohilsea in proposing his health nptly and . wittily observed ! — " It may be that whon tha noble Lord returns, the House of which he is a ' ineTnbor, and which is now denounced by its enemies, may havo coasod to exist ; but bo this na it may, I have full oonfidenao that ho will be permitted to plat/ al Lords." As with Lord ' Hopotoun, his admirorsaro expressing hopes that vioe-royaltywill bo his next promotion. Tbeiglit(of pubtiotar has been shed on tho > jri1ercstifg\fcttl' wi\ictHho Railwoy Commis- > sioners have hithortofotamcd within thoir own ; bosoms. The -ppblio linaMon very anxious to ' know tho identity Of thjy retiring legislators who kept so tight a JjbJjWnnihe symbol of privilege which entitles , -vtVbofder to freo railway travclling-.all.-jxver'tlo 1 oolony. Now tho : list has been published, and found to inoludo many namos whioh no one ' expected to seo therein, it will bo safo to pro- diot a plethora of explanations. Some have lost the gold pass, others valua 'it highly as a > memorial trinkat, and nove'r, oh never, think of < using it for its original purpose. The Railwoy i Commissioners have enjoined special vigilnnoo ' on tho railway staff, but the publication of tho names is tho surest method of doteotion. Every passenger will be on tho alert in- future to see' that these gontlemcn- do not travel as dead heads. Woman suffrage Is one of thoso com ing c vents whioh casts Its shadows before. Tho cry-go-' tnent is opening with tho.light artillery of news paper correspondence, nnd so one aided la tho battla of orgumont that it almost appears as if the new women, like the Japanese, were des tined to walk over the field without serious opposition. Men seom to bo resigning them selves to tho fate which a New York poet has marked out for them : , When women vote, tlie air will ring With arguments on everything— They'll rack thoir proud, progressive souls To plungo us into mental liole And spank thoir babies at tho polls, When women vote. Whon women voto, each man will find A duplicate in womankind— Their weaker sisters they will " bluff," And with hairpins and powdorpuff Tho ballot boxes thoy will stuff, Whon women vote. Whon women voto, this life will socm One largo nightmarish, foarful dream— Our modest wives will all crow rash, Their politics with ours wilt clash, And God knows who will cook our hash, Whon women vote. When women voto, wo moil will bo But spectres of humanity ; Like ghosts we'll fiit from plnco to place, A hungry, thirsty, desperate raco— For we'll have nothing left but apace. When wotnon voto. A man convinced against his will is of tho s&mo; opinion still, to quote the improved version of Hndobrastio philosophy. But under suoh circumstances the male mind recognises the desirability of conserving his own views for Lis own consumption. Not so with a woman. She cannot keep cilcnce, even though tho penalty on speoeh be the torturo of inquisition by a Presbyterian Church court. Mlsa Suther land has undergono this ordeal, but sur vives to rcitorate what reverend gentle men of approved morals doolaro to be slanders. With atill more vigorous emphasis than of yore, she maintains that there aro men holding office iu the church recoiving rent from houses of tfiat'ohurclies are bribed to silence bh\feon-mait.iyitjj> plenty of money . cau /do any thing. These 'are serious allegations, or. would be 'ID SjijTj s)i£nerland were ready to be put to the proot.liut/vrhilo she indulges only- in general deolqtnflJjhjf she is likely to obtairitho reputation ofrtaflcr. It ia rumored in'legaL circlcB'fnat evidence from tho Spirit World will shortly be tendered -open court. The caao will be more amusing than that of Liuigo v. Bago. A nnd B wero partners ; O took some friendly advice from A, . who shortly aftorwards died. B sent in a big bill to O. There were tho usual Horns -of "attendance upon you, conferring and-' advising, \ ko." O refuses to pay, on the ground that the transactions wero outside tho partnership, Ho also consulted a well kuown medium who brought the spirit of A into tho "Cirole." On being questioned in the orthodox manner, tho spirit replied to C, " On no account are you to pay that bill." Should the case appear in tho law courts the medium will he a witness for the defence. Siuco some of my oxoursions into the wondors of American inventioneers havo beon rcceivod with the oritioiem of doubt, I hestitate over submitting anything furthor from the Bamo source. Still, for the benefit of Mr. Superinten dent Stein and bis " merrio men" of tho Fire Brigade, I think the risk is worth running. Is this genial and gallant officer acquainted with tho marvellous weapon in fire fighting which by An almost automatic process disposes of the fiercest conflagration In the spaoc of a few minutes. If not, he Bhould lose no time in convincing him self of its utility, and then sot about converting his board to the same view. The apparatus is known as the water tower, and is a method by which an overpowering body of water can bo poured into the upper stories of a high building at their own level, from a nozzle elevated many feet abovo the street level, without having to drag a length of hose up a ladder with that nozzle attached to Us end. The effect is des- cribcd as magical. Tho full force from the ac cumulated fire engines shoots from tho elevated nozzle a solid bar of water moro infloxible than a bar of steel, wbieb, scurrying into the lake of fires, drowns it in an overwhelming flood. This wealth of description, I may say, is not original It raust have been 6uch a stream as this which Marcus Olarko imagined when ho depicted tho immortal "William Jinks rfcing on his heroic errand of mercy, only to dcscond to earth "a irod-on raspberry tart." The stories of " Maori " Inglii have proved no very striking addition to the reeord of Scottish humor. But I recently heard an anecdote told by a clergyman hailing from tho Laud o' Cakes not unworthy of inclusion in Deau Ramsay's collcotion. It was given ab Illustrative of Hieland taciturnity. Tbo oc casion was tbo presentation of a loving oup to a departing citizen. The Chairman : Maistcr M'Lean wull mak tho presentation,' yc ken. Maister M'Loan (turning to the expectant re- , cipient) : Hero's tho mug. Recipient, returning thanks : Is this the mug ? I hope the proocodings closed with some, thing moro noarly approaching conviviality. Tho influence of habit was strongly demon, atratcd in tho instance of a reverend gentleman, who before attacking theology bad passed some years in a locomotive yard. A portion of . his duty had been to tally tho number of carriages, and ho became so oxport in this praotice that custom passed into second nature. The other day ho was stopped at a level crossing by a railway train, and, though cogitating on his Sunday sermon at the time, he found himsolf muttering as it flaBhod by, "Eleven full five empty and the van." Lord Carrington has evidently higher qualities ©f .statesmanship than the famous yawn with which he wearily disposed of the fatuities of Australian politics. Ho is an ndmirablo oourtier, appreciated both by ltio former boon companion and by his Royal mistress. He is ' also an excellent landlord, sympathetic to his tenants and yet fully alive to bis own interests. At a farming dinner at High Wycombo the other day ho gave Bomo of his land owning experiences. Although his rents had depredated 33 per oeut. in Lincolnshire, and perhaps moro in portions of Buckinghamshire, ho had been fortunate enough to retain his tenants almost without change. He attributed his good luok in this respcot to the estate not having been too heavily rented in his grandfather's and father's time, ond also to his having been advised to re duce routs permanently wheo the farmers Grit felt tho pinoh. Lord Carrington is radical onough to believe that so long as a farmer paid a fair rent and did justice to his land he should have porfeot freedom to farm as he liked,' and as long as ho liked to voto as ho liked, and to pray whero he liked, and, when, he left, that ho should take with him tho amount of the capital -ho bad Invested in tlio knd that had not been exhausted for his own benefit. A few enthusiasts still cling to the belief that the alteration of our timo lias mado no practical difference in our modes of life. Tho faot is that it has made quite a revolution in the habits of most men. One of the commonest ro marks of the day is, "How doUghtful those autumn mornings are !" This comes obviously from people who on account of tho alteration in time have got out of their beds half an hour earlier than they did before, and they see the autumn morning under conditions which previously thoy had only drcAmt of. The early morn of tho fatl is always beautiful for those who chooso to riso from their bods and on joy it. But the matter which gives one .tho greatest concern in relation to this alteration of timo Is the quos tion how on earth the eurled darlings of the State, bank clerks and other mashers are going to drag themselves from their thrioc driveu beds of down half an hour before thoir acoustomed hour iu the depth of winter. This IB a matter of very serious consideration on the part of tbo authorities— in faot I understand a movement is already on foot in tho publio service with a viow of having the office hours changed,from 9 to 4.30 to 9.20 to 4.50 in oider to bring thoir roal hours of labor back to tho old rfyimc. The "oulchaw"of travelling Englishmen of tho Yarmouth stamp is appreciated only in the mansions of Toorak. Recently two newJy arrived English Johnnies of tho crutch and tooth pick order were breakfasting at the table d'hote. Listening to tho conversation of tho Australians at the tablo, and finding, to thoir astonishment, they could understand it, ono observed, "Awl what extraordinarily good English these people talk." "Aw! don't oher know," rejoined the other, " the ooantal people have the advantage of always hoofing our olass converse." Under tha pressure of competition beggars aro obliged to cxeroiso some ingenuity in thoir reasons for tho bestowal of charity. A bo- draggled individual waited on tho housewife tho other day and plcadod for aid of some sort. " Oh, ma'am," ho said, "you wouldn't rofuso if you know tbo number of ohildren I had." " Children," bho snapped in roply, " you shouldn't have thorn if you can't support them.'' " Good graoious, ma'am," be retorted, "X wouldn't lose one of them. Just think how they keen mv wife in health." ATTICUS. 