STORIES. 4 TIie Waterbridge Mystery." CHAPTER V. THE DOCTOR SPEAKS. BY S. Y. D. The peril?al of Ethel Stanley's diary taken in conjunction with reading of ti e newspaper reports of the " mystery " lead me to believe that a conversation with Mrs. Stanley as well as with her daughter will tend to my discovering some clue. I shall take the earliest opportunity of carrying out that purpose whilst considering this extraordinary case froru every point of view which may suggest iteelF. It is clear that there are matters connected with it, either wilfully or unwittingly eoncpaled. A week has passed «ir.ee I wrote the the above, and I have had a talk with Mrs. Stanley. " Well, Dr. Erichson, " she said to nie one evening when we happened to be alone together " have you thought over the mystery of my daughter Rose's death. " « Yes Mrs. Stanley," I replied "I have thought deeply over it, and I have had a coversation with your daughter Ethel about it, " " With Ethel, surely she did not speak of it.' " Oh ; yes, she did, Mr?. Stanley, and from certain remarks made by her I think that if you do not mind answeriug me a few questions, you may throw some light on matters which are at present somewhat dark to me." " If anything ihat I can tell you . will be of the slightest service you may command Dr. Erichson. " " Well then tell me Mrs. Stanley, was your late husband subject to fits of epilepsy? " " At times, Sir, he suffered in this way. He went ofl in a faint like, and remained unconscious for hours sometimes. just as if he were asleep." " WHS ha subject to somnambulism, did he walk in his sleep ?" " Yes, doctor, sninetiuics he did, but very seldom. " Your daughters were sleep- walkers Mrs. Stanley ?" " Yes when they we»e little, but I believe they both grew out of it." " Then you aie not aware that either of them, has of late years been subject to somnambulism ?" " No doctor? " " Your daughter Rose was subject to fainting fits, somewhat similar to those from which your husband used to suffer Mrs. Stanley ?" " Yes as a child, but not after she grew up that I know of." "Well Mrs. Stanley, I have a theory about the mystery which I think may help to jolve it, but for the present I will keep it to myself, and I am obliged to you for speaking so openly upon a subject which must be yen painful even to think of." ] 'in sure, Dr. Erichson it is I who should feel obligpd when 1 know that you take so much interest in my poor girl." Here our conversation ended for the time being. I determined 1 would take an early opportunity of asking Ethel a few home questions. Her diary wasa curious, somewhat hysterical record of a trj !ng ordeal, but it opened a way to me to combat her fixed idea. ' Ethel," I said one evening when we r?ere sitting OT> the veianuah " I want to ask you one or two questions. Tell me about that little furnished cottage." " Huxton's cottage ¥' "Yes." " Well " she said " old ELuxton was a curious old fellow, and lived in Adelaide, but sometimes he went up and stayed in the cottage at Waterbridge, at other times it was just locked *p, and left to t*k« care of itself, and occasionally it was let to an artist or such like." "Now where and how was it situated,'' I asked. " Let me see " replied Ethel "it stood about fifty yards from the bank of the creek close to an abrupt r< cky hill which rose near the back of it, and it was almost hidden by the scrub that grew all around and right down to the water's edge." " How far was it from * here your sister's body was found ?" va3 my next question. " How far, > h about a hundred yards I should think, up the creek." " And this scrub was well searched ?" "Yes thoroughly," " Was the cottage searched ?" I asked " The cottage," she said " good heavens, the cottage, nobody ever thought of it." " Just so, nobody ever thought of i^. Ard this stranger, did you ever see hinil" "Never, and remember Dr. Erichson, I do not know that my sister ever saw him?" " But. Harry saw him. Now what was Harry's report about him." " Oh Harry said he was a real white man and good looking. I think he gave Harry and Tom many a six pence." " And he did not mix with the villagers ?" " Oh no, he just bought what he requ : red at the store, and went his way." " Well cow Ethel" I said " I am going to say a few words to you, and to show you how absurd your fears are. According to your diary it was several days after your sister disappeared that you had that dream which you think so much of. Now if your sister had been lying in a cavern all that time it stands to reason that she rna-t have been dead long before you lifted and replaced the rug does it not ?" " But Dr. Erichson " she began. " But me no but?," I said " of course I know I am only fightine a chimera, but if you choose to nurse an illusion I must needs sneak as if it were fact, not fancy. You must confess that even supposing you really did stand in this imaginary cavern, and act as you are pleased to think you did, you cannot possibly have been guilty of causing your sister's death because if she had lain covered with the rug, for only a few minutes she would have been a?ph' xiated. Just trv and reason with yourself upon this view of the ca«e, and do not make yourself, and all your family miserable, just because you have been frightened by a phantom of the mind at a time when your condition rendered you peculiarly receptive and hysterical. The cavern and the rug are all moonshine, take my •word for it." " But Dr. Erichson, I cannot doubt ab.iut the walking in my sleep." " Of course not, why should you. There was nothing more likely to happen. You were a sleepwalker as a child, and the habit returned to you for a time, being superinduced by the excitement, and the fact that you were always thinking about finding your sister, and your sleeping thoughts compelled you to return to the scene of your daily search in the night. Just oblige me by bringing your common sense to bear upen the matter, and and don't pose like a <=chool girl who has been reading Mrs. Crowe's Night Side of Nature, with its ghosts and snirits aiiu wraiths and corpse lights, fiid all the other cheap methods of curdling the blood of the credulous." Leaving these remarks to soak in I joined the party in the drawing room. I did not allude to the mystery again, but I noticed that Ethel frequently furtively regarded nie, and I thought I noticed a less strained appearance in her eyes. If it were possible to hit upon a solution of the mystery I could see that the girl's health of body and mind would soon be thoroughly restored Her soul was out of joint, that was all, I hoped and believed that no permanent harm had yet been done. »Yhilst I was pondering over this apparently insoluble problem, and patiently studying, from a professional standpoint the lamentable condition of Ethel Stanley, a condition which I was fain to confess to myself I could not sufficiently diagnose eo as to provide an immediate and lasting remedy, I received a letter from a former fellow student and intimate chum, who h selected Australia as the fipld of his labours, and who was now in practice at a place called Avoca. He was, he told me, engaged to be married t«» a young lady who resided in Gipjjsland. It appear-d that her father and brother had met with an accident whilst out driving a pair of young hoi ses, their lives were despaired of, ber »uo*he r was prostrated with brain fev^r, and she urgently appealed to hi-r lover to go Iier at once. The object of hio letter was to ask me to act as his locum towns during his ab-once from bmie. " So certain," he wf t" "am I ot your acceding to my rf-que6t, >dd fell w. thnt, hv tb« time <ou receive this 1 sl>all hnve startf-fl for Gippsland." Then followed sonle brief notes regarding the most critical cases he was attending, and a few words explaining that, a certain Tom Burrows who was studying with him would supply me with all necessary information upon my arrival at his house. Somewhat incoherent, and altogether cool, so to speak, my friend's letter offered me as a professional man, no alternative, to Avoca I must go, or let Frtd Graham's patients die. Some people would no doubt say, that here was a splendid chance for the recovery of the said patients, no doctor no physic, and nature to pull them through, but / as a physician having a very conservative belief in myself—and the Pharmacopeeia proceeded to pack my Gladstone with as little delay as possible. Although I was considerably annoyed at first at the cavalier manner in which my friend appropriated my medical ability, yet I could not but fi j el Battered at liis evident belief in me, and my good nature. I was sorry to leave Ethel Stanley just at this juncture, but I saw that I must make the best of it, and trust to a speedy return to continue my efforts, as yet but feeble, to restore her to health and content, if such a consummation might be possible, failing the clearing up of the Waterbridge Mystery. My hurried departure was, I could perceive, anything but agreeable to Ethel, who with wistful eyes regarded me with somewhat of a reproachful look. I assured her, however, that I should, with her permission, take her diary with me for more careful study, and that I should bring all such talents as I possessed to bear upon the subject we had so much at heart, whilst I entreated her to combat her unhappy moods as much as possible and refrain from solitary brooding over her sorrow. On the morning succeeding the receipt of my friend's letter I left Melbourne for Avoca where I arrived in due course, and drove without delay to Mr. Graham's residence. Here I was received by a very colonial yotmg man who introduced himself thus:— (To be continued.) 