AUSTRALASIAN I.TEMS. WIAT is believed to be a fraud on the Tasmanian Government, perpetrated by contractors for certain work in one on the country districts, is being in vestigated by the police, and several arrests are likely to be the outcome of the inquiries. Sydney Errington, the young man who was arrested in Melbourne on Tuesday evening on suspicion of being concerned in the suburban ghost scare, was discharged by the Prahran Bench, the charge against him being " insult ing behaviour." There were 4067 Chinese in New Zealand on 31st March, and of these only six were in receipt of charitable aid. Mr. A. Short, M.P., of South Aus tralia, last week brought under the notice of the Commissioner of Crown Lands resolutions carried at a large meeting held at Minlaton, expressing indignation at persons being allowed to jump salt claims. He urged that if this were allowed to be done it would Tuin the salt industry on the Penin ,sula, and would deprive the people who held the land of their just rights. The Commissioner replied that the matter was now under the considera tion of the Crown law officers. The Chief Clerk of Customs in Vic toria has received 16s from an un known'correspondent, who writes as follows:-" A friend of mine made me a present of a few yards of English tweed on which duty had not been paid. I enclose postal note for 16s, being 40 per cent. duty on such tweed. -Yours, &c.;, WE." The amount will be placed to the public credit. In the Legislative Council of Tas mania a bill fixing 2s per lb as the excise duty on cigars and cigarettes was carried. William Lyon, of Wellington, South Australia, who some time ago, in a fit of insani y, murdered his wife and severely injured his daughter with an axe, died in the Parkside Lunatic Asylum last week. Another fatal mining accident is reported from Victoria. Two miners named ;J. Hussey and William Haughton were working in the rise of the Loch Fyne mine, Wood's Point, when a wedge- shaped piece of rock fell away from the hanging wall. It struck Haughton, and inflicted such injuries that he died a few minutes later. A severe shook of earthquake was felt to the north of Adelaide on Fri day afternoon. The vibration was very pronounced at Kapunda and Eudunda, while at Bagot's Well a railway cottage was damaged. A juror asked at the Melbourne General Sessions to be excused from serving on a jury, as he had been in very ill health for two years. Judge Chomley excused him, and, upon learning that the invalid was 65 years old, told him he could save trouble by getting his name removed from the list. Arthur Jenkins, a young man, who was hunting near the confluence of Bushy Creek and the Yarra, swam over the river to bring back a deer killed on the other side. Coming back he sank, and was drowned be fore his rescue was possible. The Queensland Junes of Saturday reports that four weddings took place at the Dsebing Creek Aboriginal Mission Station. It was quite a gala day. About 9.30 in the morning the Revs. P. Robertson and J. Walker left Ipswich' with the object of cele brating the marriages. On arrival at their destination they found the abori ginals engaged in their ordinary avocations, but they at once " knocked off," and all the inhabitants made a bee-line for the school, where the " bonds" were to be duly rivetted. The Rev. Peter Robertson performed the ceremony, and the Rev. J. Walker instructed the dark people in the use of the wedding rings. In lieu of the customary wedding breakfast, a box of bananas, the gift of the com mittee, was distributed, and evidently enjoyed. The marriages, it may be remarked, were celebrated at the re quest of the natives themselves. The Customs revenue of New Zea land for the quarter ended 30th June amounted to £363,505. The time for receiving tenders for the carriage of Victorian exports to England has elapsed. The Premier has received a cable from Mr. Gillies, the Agent.General in London, stating that no tenders had been received there, and Mr. Turner also announces that no tenders have been received locally. The Premier is, however, not discouraged, and anticipates being able to make arrangements for carry ing out the trade which will be satis factory -to shippers and to the Government. The returns of the Waihi Gold mining Company in New Zealand for the month amounted to £9581, this being the value of bullion from 2910 tone of ore treated. The Queensland Colonial Secretary has promised a deputation of 'hair dressers to have the law relating to Sunday trading rigidly enforced. At Launceston the other day the Premier of Tasmania received a depu tation representing the Cornwall Coal Company. It was pointed out that some time ago tenders were invited for a three years' supply of native coal to the Railway Department. The Corn wall Company sent in a tender which was based on the specifications fur nished by the Railway Department, and calculated on the expected quan tity of coal to be consumed. The de partment, however, requested them to eliminate the clause as to the probable quantity to be supplied, and as they were not inclined to quote on an inde finite supply, they were informed fresh tenders would be called. It was asked that the calling of tenders be post poned. The Premier was reminde~l thatduring the seamen's strike the \- Cornwall Company had stood loyally to the Government, and supplied them with coal at 6s 6d per ton when they could have got £3 15s for it in Mel bourne. The Premier promised the matter his fullest consideration. A despatch has been received in Victoria from the Secretary of State for the Colonies announcing the ap pointment of Mr. Robert Barton as I)eputy-Master of the Melbourne branch of the Royal Mint, vice Mr. George Anderson, resigned. It is probable that the LPgislative Council of Tasmania will agree to the reduction of the property basis of the Cfouncil franchise to £60 leasehold, or £15 freehold, and of the Assembly franchise to the receipt of £40 a year in wages; but will refuse to pass the womanhood franchise clause in the Reform Bill. 