Parfey leaderships. (StdxeyE v£sisg News' Coe respondent.) LONDON, August 30.. All ' rtspectaWe people ' lift tb.eir hands and eyebrows over the cynical observation' . of Talleyrand, that 'language was given us as a means of concealing our thoughts.' Yet that -statement was strictly true of such men as the old turncoat came in contact with, namely, diplomatists and politicians. Wo need . not inquire whether tradesmen never illustrate IE lil ineu piuib iiuu uaijjujij-iij^ 3 whether every man, in advocating his own interests, reveals .the matters telling against ^his views ; whether even the piu-e and innocent maiden will not fib like an attache when questioned on the state of her affections. The fact remains that a statesman who tells the whole truth has mistaken his vocation. The latest proof of this is the obloquy heaped upon poor Lord Eosebery for o/Jmittinrr tVi'if. nnt.il 'Rncrlanfl. ' the predominant partner' in the union, should be convinced of the_necessity for Home Rule, it was idle to expect that Home Eule would bs established. This is an obvious truth. So if Jones takes his son into partnership, and young hopeful presently, proposes to put the whole property of the firm on' a horse, or a cart, Jones exercises his latent reserve of authority to veto such a proceeding. On the same principle, if the women of a State were granted, the franchise, and carry revolution ary proposals with a majority, such as for putting incorrigible bachelors in the nillorv. abolishincr the use of tobacco, or the like, the male minority would speedily prove itself the ' dominant partner' and rebel against petticoat government. Yet it is whispered that many good Liberals, who go to church and 'shudder at .the name of Talley rand, wish to depose Lord Eosebery for saying what he thought.. The 'Succession. Now, if they have their way, who is to succeed him ? Sir Charles Dilke, even if otherwise qualified, is utterly destitute of that magnetic fores which draws sensitive souls into the orbit of a born leader. He has no imagination, no fire, no pathos ; a burst of cheers would astonisn nun as mucn as it would a professor of mathematics lec turing on the Binomial Theorem. Mr. John Morley lacks adaptability. On some subjects he is supremely eloquent. But he is too austere, too dignified, too logical to condescend . to the trifles, and submit to the inevit able pettinesses of a political leader's career. The author of ' Compromise ' is too uncompromising ; he has not learnt his own lesson to his generation. There remains Sir 'William Harcourt, who has just perpetrated the most fatal and inex cusable blunder that has been wit nessed in political tactics for a gener ation. He still advocates Lacal Veto ; and, no doubt, if he lived in Australia he would advocate the extermination of rabbits by laying 'waste a few pri vate farms ; by burning every blade Oi grass upon uuusu mrj-us, wiuuuuu compensation to their owners, and without reflecting that the obnoxious bunnies would find plenty of food out side the devastated areas. No ; . Lord Eosebary has not a dangerous rival ; and some day his candor will be held to go far to justify Mr. Gladstone's choice of him as Liberal leader. The deposition of a political leader is, moreover, utterly repugnant to British feeling. The Conservative Chiefs. In England a party takes its leader as a woman takes her husband, ' for better, for worse,- till death us do part.' Here arises a problem. We aro a people of precedents, and are as shocked when more than two. parties exist (one in office, one in Opposition) as wa should be to see two bowlers at- ' tacking one batsman in a cricket match. In obedience to this instinct, the Tories and Liberal Unionist have fused., themselves into one body, which Lord Salisbury leads. While ha lives and . chooses to act, his pre-eminence- -?will, be Un disputed. But it is . whispered that he would like to retire for good to his beloved laboratory. He- is- by nature what they call, at the University, a ' stinks man,', not a statesman. , It ?would be fairly safe to guess that heis; simply holding on until the ? country, is familiar and satisfied with; the idea of seeing his nephew succeed him— also for life. Only one ' niaii could object to this 'family settlemenfofeupreme power, but that Jrian is called tfoseph' Chamberlain. -Since hisbreachfwith' the .Liberals '? became plainly irre parable that astute personage has been executing a curve, with a view to come at last into 'line with Tory . principles just as one of : a^ . bahcL jof :'- ^fugitive offenders in . Texas tvUI. ; sometimes ' slope around 'into, the ' posse com Itatus,' and lead the hue.and cry after his former colleagues. ; : Of course the Ministerialists: would 'not now.accept hhn as Premier for a inqment. But time.niay add tphischiinces. /.r:! - : .--...- ; -. -The Ihish Chiefs£;-:-.:'.-vH-.: ; .-; .? ? Mr,;;Healy^ will .; surely siibceecflo th&:-pqyr-^^eW^ by'-^amieU;'';.\^cii^ .tne-'j-'uncrb.^ed'?k^gi;fl;j^s;;;be'.eh in 'cbmmissidnVv^pr.-iacutene^'xeadinGss, ;&ast.erivjn;'eSs?,'::ImQWl63ge^bf- ni3'ifaets, force of. will:.and:pf character, debating skill, :an.dj sheer brain power, hoboby m the Irish-ranks, and , only two or three in the House,- can ; compare with him'. He made a .fine speech last Tuesday; higut, and Mr. Dillon, look-, ing as woebegone as the jackdaw of. Eheims .under the curse, a feeble one, ' the ghost of a caw.' The most noteworthy statement of the latter was that Ireland always got more out of a Tory than out of a Liberal Government.^ - , . 