LECTURE ON WESTERN AUSTRALIA Tho following is the text of Mr. John Coulthwaite’s lecture on *4 Western Aus tralia : Its Mining,'Agricultural and General Prospects,” delivered at Tallangatta hist The speaker said:—Before commencing my lecture proper, I have a few remarks to make generally. The first is, that I think an apology is due to the ladies who are present for tho large amount of dry hash which I shall be compelled to serve up. Many ladies no doubt are indirectly interested in the prospects of the western colony. Some have friends there; others have some that are going ; and some few, perhaps, have an idea of going themselves; and for these reasons they are anxious to hear about.it. Before dismissing this part of my lecture, I may tell you that Western Australia has much to oiler to young women, whether they go in for manual or professional work. I picked up tlio IFest Australian the other week, and saw advertised in its columns that a shipment of young women was shortly expected to arrivo and would be open for engagement im mediately on arrival. From what I have said, you will conclude that tlio supply is smaller than the demand. My second remark is that very few people in the eastern colonies have any idea of the extent of the western colony, and are too prone to believe all that they read in newspapers respecting its mineral wealth. Indeed, it was this fact which in duced me to lecture ou the subject. Western Australia,is not by a long way all that it is represented to be. “The best side has been turned to London.” Newspapers have ex aggerated the largeness of its imggetsatid its prospects generally, and I may here observe i that, whatever I say, or leave unsaid, I shall 1 give you the truth unvarnished respecting the “ Golden AVest,” as it has been appro priately or inappropriately named; mid, as 1 have travelled over the greater part of the colony, I flatter myself that I know a little about it. I shall take in this lecture the different places where gold has been found in their turn, from Kimberley in tho north to Duudas iu the south. KIUBERLEY. Iii turning up an old volume I find, much ns it will surprise you, that the first gold ever found in Australia was found in the West, in the year l OSS, by a buccaneer of the name of Dumpier, after whom tho country now known as the North-west was originally named. It is fresh in the memory of most of you, tho Kimberley rush, which induced men from all tho colonies to break up good homes and seek their fortunes there. You remember what a failure it was, and that mauy cursed the day they ever started. Even now, after tho lapse of years, along the road from Cambridge Gulf to the fields are to he found the remains of vehicles of all kinds. The fields were situated about 250 miles from Deri>3r on the west, and about the same distance from AVyndham in the north. But although the rush was a “duffer,” it must not bo thought that Kimberley country contains no gold; ou the contrary, it will probaby turn out as rich as any of the other fields, both in alluvial and reefing, and from what I know of it and of what is being done now, I feel safe in saying that during the next 18 months there will be a big rush of moii into the north. At the present time I know of men who are getting from ooz. to 6oz. per man a week with Lordcn and Banfiold’s dry-blowing machines. Beefing operations have proceeded slowly, and at present only two buttries are at Avurk—the Ruby Queen and Mount Brockman. There are difficulties in the way which have retarded prospecting operations in this particular part, but some of these will in time be considerably lessened. The chief one, perhaps, is the hostile character of the blacks; and the second one, the climatic conditions. Tlio blacks of Kimberley are both numerous and savage, and anyone going there must be fully iirepared for them. They arc savages. But . suppose there are such tilings as intelligent savages, and that exactly describes them, for iu physique and intelligence the}” are more like tho South Sea Islanders, and not in the least like the puny blacks of the Murchison nud Coolgardie. It seems cruel to have to shoot them doAvn, and whilst I am not here to advocate (and never have done) a wholesale slaughter of them, yet sometimes it is neces sary to do so. Life is sweet to all, and, when it is in danger, that man would be a coward avIio would sacrifice his own life rather than shed blood under such circum stances. The shooting-down "business is practised, and, Avliilst it must be deplored, sometimes it has to be done ; and, as is too frequently the case, tno innocent on both sides suffer for the guilty. There is a great deel in managing blacks properly. They should never be encouraged about a camp, but kept at a distance, and, if used for fetching horses or camels, treated strictly hut not unkindly; implicit obedience should be always demanded. But more of the blacks later ou. The climatic conditions of the North-Avest have kept men back very much. Eever and ague in the north ha\re carried a great many off, and permanently injured the constitutions of others. The Aveatlier is frightfully hot, and the country being of such a dry, sandy nature, tlie ground under your feet is scorching. Last July, when I passed through, it was 111 in the shade, and later it went up to 130 and 135. Under such con ditions, work is by no means pleasant, and existence is only just endurable. It is said that some years ago a man died (no wonder, poor fellow !) and not having lived the most exemplary life, was consigned to a place noted for its sulphuric atmosphere. Rumor says that shortly after arrival liis ghost was sent hack with a request that his blankets might he forwarded, as the change of climate was too seA'cre. The difference between winter and summer is slight—the former being marked by a little more rain. The nights frequently are warm, and lying out Avith a thin suit of pyjamas on is usually the way the night is passed; and, should jrou not possess a mosquito net, at certain times sleep is impossible. Tho rainfall of the North is perhaps greater than the South, hut is small and uncertain. Before closing my remarks on the Nortli-west, I must tell you a little about what the blacks call the “ AVilly-willy,” known to us as a cyclone. These hurricanes blow all along the North-west coast, usually in March, and must bo realised to be under stood. The last one Moav a strong stone ohurch down in Roebume, and tho wreck Avas such that dynamite could not have done its work better, Down the main street, 200 and ■100 gallon tanks, and everything that was movable, Avero driven by the Avind. Many of the stores and private houses are chained to the ground. Should you happen to be caught on a sandy plain, there Avould he as much hope of reaching the shore from tlio middle of the Indian Ocean us to escape. Rumor does say that an anvil Avas bloAvn through a window ; and at Cossack, AA'liero the housos are on the coast, I was told that a schooner would have ontored a house only the door was closed. (I askod for the suit.) Aceompany ing this terrific wind is a perfect deluge,. Noah was no myth, and that the flood was a dead certainty. Many of the men Avho \\\rent to Kimberley, unable to return by boat, Avere obliged to come overland, and Avhilst doing so discovered several rich patches of alluvial iu the district inland from tho coast of Roeburne, PILBARRA. The first patoh avus Pilbarra, for the dis covery of whicli a reAvard a\\*us given by tho Government. Kimberley and the last-named place were, I beliove, the only two places for which a reAvard was gi\fon. Pilbarra is situated about 100 miles north-east of Roe bourno, and was very rich in alluvial, but never anjdlung in reefs. The wash was got at a depth ranging from 3ft. to 10ft It avus in this place that the largest nugget ever dis covered up to that time was found; it weighed 28Soz., and was called tlio “ Little Hero.” All the Avork Avas done by dishes—dry blowing machines at this time wero unknown. With the dishes much of the gold was lost, and when the machiues were brought into use thero, disli-tailing gave men in^ some eases 3 and 4oz, a week. The field is iioav deserted, excepting when it rains; then some of the old men who knew it in its palmy days return to “speck.” Could a sluice of Avater be put on this field, although abandoned, handsome returns would be sure. Could our friend of the pig-tail settle there, he would do very well; but, as minors’ rights nro not issued to Chinamen or aliens of any kind, this is out of the question. NULLAGINE, About 250 miles duo east of Pilbarra one of the largest, besides being ouo of tho best, alluvial deposits was found, called Nullagiue. Tho gold in this place was very fine, and of the liuest quality. Tho field gave nearly ever}’ man on it a rise, and up to last Christmas there must have been scattered about nearly 200 men, somo with dishes, others with machines. Situated in this district there is a large stretch of country of a. conglomerate character which is gold-bearing. It is too hard for water, could it be got, and will be very soft for the stampers. Batteries are now being erected on the spot, and tho countrj' i)ut through in the face. The water difficulty in this place is scarcely worth mentioning. The difficulty of gettiug rations was not so easily overcome. Flour at one time was £5 per 501b., and everything else on a par with it. Iu tho early days the blacks were troublesome. Not that they ever inter fered much with the whites ; the trouble was their thieving propensities, for frequently, during the absence of the men, the camps would be rifled, and everything taken, from a tomahawk to a blanket. And even now no camp is safe. No wonder that men under such provocation resorted to extreme measures. MARBLE BAR. Situated about 100 miles north of the last named place, you come to Marble Bar, now the centre of much activity. Four batteries are kept running, and quite recently a fifth has beon erected. Some of the stone taken out of these reefs dollied lOOoz. a day, and many others, though not so sensationally rioli, aro giving handsome returns, and show ing every evidence of permanency. Marble Bar yielded another large nugget, known as the “Coongnn,” which weighed 377oz. Situated only a short distanco from Marble Bar is another reefiug centre, known as Bam boo Creek, which up to the present has turned out well. Before passing further south, I must speak of the chances which the north offers to men looking for work. All last year there was a strong demimd for men, at Marble Bar, Bamboo Creek and Malliua. Wages at the former places were £4 per week ; at the latter, £3. The demand is not per haps quite so great just now, but anyone in search of work could not go to a better place than the North-west. Living ranges from \ £1 to 30s. per week, aud all water is free. | Drinks are Is. each, aud sometimes very bad at that. SIIAW RIVER TIN-FIELDS. Western Australia not only has gold, but tin ; and the richest deposits of stream-tin are to be found on the Shaw River, in the Marble Bar district. A good deal of work lias been done from time to time, but as tho price of tin at prescut is so low aud tho ex pense of working aud the transit of the tin J heavy, little is being done. No doubt, in the future, when wages are lower and the country more opened up, these fields will be worked. I have an idea that, in tho im mediate future, much of the labor in the North-west will be done by colored inen, and “bossed” by white men, as in the case of Africa. TIIE ASHBURTON FIELDS. If you take a map of West Australia and look closely at the different fields, you will notice that there is one continuous run of auriferous countiy. Some of the fields are separated by hundreds of miles, as in the case of Ashburton from Marble Bar. Most of the work done at the Ashburton has been alluvial, and, in the days of the rush, turned out a lot of gold. Nothing has been done in the way of reefing, the great drawback being water; but all around these fields there is some magnificent-looking country for pro specting. A pretty strong party would be required, however, and they must be well equipped to stay out some time. After leaving the Ashburton River, we steered our course south-east, to strike the head waters of the Gascoyne. The country is very desolate looking—at least it was when I passed through—there not having been much rain for a long time. Much of the country would be suitable for squatting purposes, if the rainfall was only greater and more regular. On this route the outside fields of the Mur chison district are fell in with, such as tho Horseshoe and Peak Hill. At the former place there were some remarkably rich things, 500oz. claims being worked out in 12 and 14 days ; ou the latter place there were in June about 150 men, all engaged in dry-blowing and reefing, but tho alluvial was being rapidly worked out. From Peak Ilill to Cue, via Nuuniue, is ISO miles, and with the ex ception of the latter place, where one battery is running, no other settlements are met with. THE MURCHISON. The Murchison has been and is still the rival of Goolgardie, and, although its popula tion is not so great, as a permanent gold-field it is perhaps ahead of the “ City of truth and thirst.” It has drawn a better class of men than Goolgardie, for, being harder to get at, it was only men with a little capital that could reach it. The population of the town is about 1000, aud on every side marked im provements are being made. About a dozen batteries are running full time, aud, although there is no great body of stone and none of the reefs sensationally rich, they show every sign of going down. Everybody on the Murchison is busy during the day; it is only at night you get a chance of seeing the people. In Goolgardie it is different; no matter at what hour of the day, hundreds of men are to be seen standing about. I cannot speak too highly of the Murchison fields, and when the railway is built, and Cue made the terminus, it will" he a busy centre. Wages are £4 per week, and a fair number of men could find work. But it is no place to go to if “ stiffif you have no money, and depend on getting work right away, you will be dis appointed. Living is pretty expensive, from £1 to 35s. per week. The Murchison has earned for itself rather a bad name on account of the numerous deaths which have taken place; hut the cause of the trouble is being overcome and stricter attention paid to the sanitary conditions. If men would only exercise a little caution about drinking water and tho general arrangements of their camps, ! the deaths would be fewer and the health of j the place better. The hospital accommoda tion is wretched—it consists of two large touts, sheltered a little by branches; but a substantial building is about to be erected aud properly appointed. The distance from Cue to Mullewa, the present railway terminus, is 220 miles. On this road there were in June 250 horse-teams and 300 camels, and loading was £19 per ton. This will give you some idea what is going into the district; and even with this number on the road, there was sufficient loading for another dozen teams. The camel is one of the best modes of getting through the country, on account of the long time it will go without water; a strong camel will go from 7 to 10 days without water and oarry .on a long stage from 4cwt. to 5cwt. Good South Australian camels cost £40 to £60 each ; Indian camels, from £25 to £30. __ Uooigardie has~been named “ The City of Truth aud Thirst.” On my return from the West, I found that to many people Cool gardie was Western Australia, and Western Australia Goolgardie. This place has been much in evidence ever since the discovery of Bayley’s Reward mine, and thousands have flockod there, and even now are going in great numbers. And yet, if they knew all, I think many intending ad venturers would hesitate. Of tho richness of some of the mines there can be no possible doubt; but, side by side with that, there is tho unplcjisant truth that many are ** wild cats” of tho wildest order. The great peculiarity of Coolgardie over other places that I have visited is, that mauv of the reefs are rich on the surface, but get poorer at a depth, and in somo cases nip out altogether. Still, the . fact remains that Coolgardie has some good tilings, and for years to eemo they will con tinue to be found. The alluvial deposits surrounding tho place have long since been worked out, and anyone going for alluvial must be prepared to go a long way out, and be well equipped, too. To all contemplating going there I cannot but utter a word of warning—think well before you start; there are plenty of men there now, and many cannot get work. No doubt, tho fact that they aro strangers to the work, and iu every way uusuited for it, explains a great deal. Living’ at one timo was a very expensive matter, Imt at present it is pretty reasonable. The water difficulty always lias been a big one; not only was water scarce, but very bad. Much of the water was salty, and, according to analysis, ten times salter than sea water. Wages at Coolgardio range from £3 10s. to £1 10s., according to the water supply. You have all heard of the line which is being built from Southern Cross to Cool gardie. The distance by road is 120 miles. At the present time there are 500 horse-teams and 300 camels on the road; when the line is completed, all these teams will cither be thrown oil' altogether or have to go further back. DUNDAS. Dundns is one of the most promising fields of the West, and the place I intend to return to in the eourso of a short time. No one has ever penetrated far into Dundns district, on account of its being so dry. There have been found two or three reefs, which have so far opened well, and from what I know of the place it will turn out good. The Esperauce Bay route is the one by which the field is most conveniently reached; indeed, it is the most direct route to Coolgardio, and would have been opened up long ago if the Perth and Fremantle people had not been so selfish. But as in olden days all roads led to Rome, so all roads in West Australia must lead to Perth. Still it appears to be only a question of timo for this track to bo opened up. I think I liavo covered in my lecture most of the fields and mast therefore dismiss tlio gold mining of West Australia by saying that, so long as gold is being got, the country will advanco. Indeed, it is the only thing the country has to depend on, and, should the' mines fail, the colony must remain in the future aa in tlio pust—in tile rear of colonial progress. Victorian and Now South Wales energy and British capital have made the country what it is; and as in mining, so in business, Victorians are in the lend. AGRICULTURE. I must now say something about the agri cultural prospects of the West. I have frequently been questioned about the laud since my return. In all fairness, I must say that, in spite of reports to the contrary, Western Australia has plenty of good land, but it is almost valueless for the want of a regular raiufall. The meat supply of the colony is drawn principally from Kimberley, whero most of the cattle stations are situated. Tlio principal sheep stations are found in the North-west and on the Ashburton River. The land in the latter district is very good, but frequently suffers for the want of rain. The best land of the colony is found around Bunbury, south of Perth, and around York. In tho former district tlio timber, principally jarrah, is very heavy, and tho ground not unlike Gippsland. But agriculture generally is a long way behind—the farmers are un enterprising and not yet alive to the advan tages of gold returns. You rarely see a West Australian native on the gold-fields. Thev content themselves by carrying stores and’ water. Tho Land Act of the colony is very liberal, and gives every man enough and n cboieo of terms. But I don’t think that Western Australia trill ever retain its population like the eastern colonies have done. As a wine-producing country the colony cannot bo surpassed, and in the immediate future this industry will bo gone in for largely. Market-gardening near tho large towns would pay well, but so far no ono has paid any attention to it. As an agricultural settlement, West Australia, I am afraid, will never be much; and as a result, nearly everything will have to be imported either from the old country or tho eastern colonies. OEXERAI. PROSPECTS. Western Australian credit on tho money market is very strong just now, and will remain so us long as tho revonue is in excess of the expenditure, as at present. I cannot but think that the Western colony will bo a great stnmbling-block to federation, as its inland revenue is small and must always depend on its customs duties, which are very high. Everything is taxed, not for protection but for revenue. Last .Tune, 500 houses were being built in Perth, and the hotels were taking from £100 to £130 a night. Everything is booming, money is poleatifirl, but it cannot be expected that things will always remain as they are. It is not^ the gold which is being got that is pushing matters on, but the money which is being spent in the development of the mines. Everything must find its level. Tho couutry has many advantages to offer, but none to poor or indolent men. The gold has to be looked for as elsewhere, and in many cases it is won at great risk to health. Of hard ships there are plenty, and disappointments, too; and no man should go who has not three things—a heart like a lion, a con stitution like a horse, and a little money in his pocket. To a poor man it is a veritable man-trap. Tlio colony has been called, and I think it not an inapt description, “aland of sin, sand, sorrow, sore eyes, and syn dicates.” Much might be said—indeed a whole lecture could bo given—on the geological formation of the couutry, which is unlike anything in tho eastern colonies, so much so, that all one’s knowledge of mining gained in other places goes for little there. You must start over again, and this probably is the reason why the new-elmm miner is frequently more successful than the old and experienced one. You are just as likely—in fact, more so—to find the gold on a hill as in a gully—on tho surface scattered about as underground. It is a big country and will take years to develop, and those who go there in five years’ time will stand perhaps as good a chance as tho pioneers of the present. It requires pluck, push, perseverance and capital; and to men with these qualities it offers much. But to the lazy and easily disappointed it hus nothing to offer. To such I say, “ Stay at home.” I would advise no ono to throw up a fair billet to go there and chance the uncertainties of mining —it would be a mistake. But if Victoria has nothing to offer you, and you have a little money aud carry all your responsibility under your own hat, the Land of the Black Swan is the place for you. 