GENERAL BREVITIES Some of the best Engliesh jockeys earn above L100 a week. Only one person in four in London earns over L1 a week. The art of knowing loon n'nybe learnt, but cannot be taught. Russia reported to be extensively buy ing Australian scoured wool. An exposition of arts and industries will be held in the city of Mexiacoin 1896. The Chinese settlers of Formosa num ber fully 2,500,000 out of a populatirn of 3,000,000. Japan is almost as large as Cealifornia, having 147,000 square Imiles, while the American state has 138,000. The phosphate mines of Florida num ber 106, and they yield more than 500,000 tons of phosphate annually. The Japanese believe in ghosts, and pictotially represent them as pale-faced women, with hair hanging over their eyes. The city built by Brutus, the semi mythicali discoverer of Great Britain, ani the site o the proesnt London, bore the name of Troja-Nova. The West Virginia house of delegates has passed a law for ever disfranchising any man having been convicted of selling his vote Orof asking money for it. A London lirm which has manufactured eight of the eleven cables linking the United States to England make,,fty five miles of cable each tweuln four hours. In each wing of the ostrich, twenty-six long white plumes grow to maturity in eight months. In the male these are pure white, while those of the female shade to ceru or grey. Before semaphore signalling came into vogue on English railways a lighted candleat night in tl-e vindow of astation house signified "stop," while its absence indicated the line was clear. A native of Formosa is not o.ught worthy of any place in a tribe uni' lie has brought hlome at least one Chinese head. The greater the number of heads the higher he is raised in the tribe. Mr Jlhn Ru.k, an inventor, has suc ceeded in crossing the Channel in a cycle boat of his own designing. He travelled from Dover to C;daie, a de nee o twenty-one miles, in seven h s and a quarter. The cost of the Marseilles d Rhone Canal is estimated at S0,000,f00 francs, half of which is to be provid! by the State and half by the city and the de partmuent. It will be 33 miles in length, including a tunnel four miles long. There are no telegraph poles in China. This is because the Celestials will not allow a shadow to fall on the graves of their ancestors, which are scattered thickly over the whole country. Conse. quently all the telkgraph wires are laid underground. The Government of Norway and Sweden have decided upon the lpurchase of the principal lines of railway now in the hands of private companies in these countries. In Sweden there are 5454 miles of railway, of which only 1811 are the property of the State. An apparatus for burning coaldust has been brought out in Germany. The con sumption of even the most inferior class of coal dust is attended with no smoke, while the heat produced is so intenrse that time apparatus lias been adapted in Ilerhn to smelting works and with excellent re sults. More than half tile world's supply of tin is mined in the Straits sattlemsnt at the tip of the Malay peninsula. The out put in 1891 was 36,001 tons, out of a total of 50,651 tons; 12,106 tons came from the Dutch East Indies, chiefly from the Island of Banks, leaving on'y 8:183 tons for the rest of the world. Professor Blackie in his will has, it is understood, left only Al000, having con veyed the bulk of his property to Mrs Blackie before his death. His ?modern Greek library-said to be one of the fitest in existence--he leaves to Edinburgh University, and after Mrs Blackie's death a ]llackie travelling scholarship in Greek will be founded. The aggregate extent of the telegraph, lines of the world, according to the Hand book of the World's Transport Commis sion, which visits Victoria next week, is 750,000 miles, with over 2,500,0001 miles of wire. Of this the United States has 190,000 miles of lines,, or nearly one quarter of the whole. The United Kine dona has 34,000 miles, or one trenty first. The statistician is abroad amongst us. His latest calculation is to the effect that the proycrtion of railway passengers killed by accident on the line is in EIg land one in twenty.eight millions, iin France one in nineteen millions, and in the United States one in two millions four hundred thousand. " Of the capital invested in the world's railways, equal to nearly .33 billions of dollars (over six billions sterling), the United States has ten and a half billions, or more than one-third ; England and Wales, nearly four billions, or not quite one-eighth; Russia, three and a quarter billions, or upwards of one-tenth; Ger many, over two and a half billionssay one-tifteenth ; and France, over twoaud a quarter billions."-Front the Handbook of the Ameriran W'orld's TransportSlion Cotmmission. The Father of the House of Commons (Right Ilon. C. P. Villiers, uncle of Lady Loch), is now in his ninety-iourth year, and for the last sixty years he has sat con tinuously as member for Wolverhampton. Taking a retrospective glance down the long vista of his life (says our LOnsdln correspondent), the venerable Parliamen tarian remarked ot Tuesday: "'It.is net a good thing for the country that its nary should be made the ball of party. We have been getting behiudhand, while France has been creepine on. Ihavebeen most interested in reading Lord Brassey's suggestions about manning the Navy. I can, recall the time when everybody thought it the right thing to sendasot into the Navy, and it is unfostunate that the patriotic spirit should decline." When Mr Villiers began his public lifo, Parlia isent was paramount in the education of the public mind. Now, he says, uqws papers and popular organisatiois' lasre nearly as pbwerful as the House of Cvmr mons in the shaping ofopinion, 