•TH)I- , BENpiGG ■.ADVERTISEF; \- -iCPUBmsHEp. jiaijuy) ; ; -VkOGKlJis 10>j, 'oUK~ RIGHTS, AND ,CUR RESOURCES. ss^ms. ?THE"/iliLNESS .OF LORd'eOSEBERY. 5!be! illness .ofappeals to be 'more serious than' was at 'first' thought. An attack- of influenza,has beeif;f6llowed by in somnia, which, unless checked, may necessi tate his retirement from the position of Prime - ■ Minister and his seeking a change of scone and occupation. In - dealing with a disease of this nature, Lord Rosebery's medical attendants must feel that there will be little chance of recovery while he continues to be harassed -by the ca.ies.and. responsibilities o£ such a high office as that of Prime Minister of Great Britain, arid unlets the serious state of his health has been exaggerated, it seems highly probable that Great Britain is on the eve of political events of great importance. So far as Lord Rosebery himself is concerned, there will be general sympathy, for even amongst those who do not share his political views he has many wariii aclniirers:—Theillness-frem- which he is suffering is fraught with consequences of very great importance so far as his party is concerned, anl it may lead to Great Britain being shortly in the throes of a general election. Since the general election in 1892, events have had the tendency to diminish rather than increase tha small majority which the followers of Mr. Glad stone obtained on that occasion^ when Home Rule was the test question placed be fore the electors. The passage of the Home -Rule .Bill by.rthe House of Commonsj its re Xectfon liy the Lords, the retirement?' of Mr. "6fii3stone,/andltKe_^!^on'tt^Ll^emier ship of Lord Rosebery, are all freslj in the public mind. So also is the fact that Lord Rosebery is not so keen on Home Rule, which, lie considers, cannot be carried into law until it is backed up by a majority of jbho. English people. He prefers that the nexb? general election shall turn upon the attitude of the House of Lords towards thejlegisla tion of the Commons. Somehow this sub ject has not been taken up very ardently by the Liberal party, which is much less united than it was under Mr. Gladstone. During the present session the Government, te come out of several critical divisions by: bare majorities, and it is evidently weaken ing in the House of Commons, where fts majority of 42 at the beginning of the . pre sent Parliament has fallen as low as 12 on the occasion of one recent division'. Past experience has shown that a Govern ment in such a plight only makes matters worse for itself by delay ing the inevitable appeal to the country, and this was the prevail^ irig opinion, with regard to the Rosebery "Cabinet before the illness of the Prime Minister. The fact that several by-elections have gone against the Government tends to show that its gradual loss of control over the House of Commons is accompanied by a diminution of popularity in the country. The retirement of Mr. Gladstone has, no doubt, had a great deal to do with this de cline of prestige, and it is tolerably certain that Lord Rosebery's retirement, if it be come necessary, will have a further effect in disintegrating the party. In any case, it does not appear that a general election in Great Britain will belong delayed. Whether tlie Government will go to the country on the question oEreforming theHouse of Lords, the Home Rule Bill, or its ordinary Liberal programme is not clear at present. Gold, Calls and Dividknds.—The gold yields on Saturday amounted to -i.SOOcz. The principal rsturna ware Pearl, 374oz. ; New Prince of Wales, 'J55cz. ; Shamrock,' 272oz. ; Johnson's Reef, 23-ioz. ; Garden Gully United, lGGoz. ; New Chum Railway, 137oz. ; New Vic toria Catherine, 137oz ; New Moon,' 129oz. ; Collmann and Tacchi, 113oz. The amalgam list included good yields from the LadyBarkly, New Red White and Blue and Great Southern. The St. Mungo, Lady Barkly, Specimen Hill and New Prince of Wales had each Cd dividends, aggregating £2,950. A Nocturnal Visitor.—On Saturday even ing a lady residing in Panton-street,! Golden square, was considerably alarmed by hearing a moat unaccountable noise in her drawing-room. Being alone at the time she was naturally afraid, and quietly slipped out and went to a neighbor for assistance. On returning a light was procured, and an investigation was made, but without any results. On the return of her husband further search was made, and the causs of the trouble was found to bo an oppossum, which had made its way into the room, and in this prosaic way ended what otherwise might have developed into a ghost story of a most mysterious character. Bendico Science Society.—The monthly meeting of the society will bo held at the School of Mines at ei<;ht o'clock this evening. Short, papers on different seicntifie subjects will be read by Dr. Macgillivray and others. The Governor's Levee.—By the first train this morning the mayor (Cr. Heinz) and Cr. Hoskina •will leave for Melbourne to attend the Governor's levee at Government House. The town clerk (Mr. W. Honeybone) proceeded to Melbourne on Saturday evening. Crs. D. B. Lazarus, M. L.A., and J. H. Abbott, M.L.C., will also attend the ceremony. Portable Batteries for Bendigo.—On Saturday Mr. W. A. Hamilton, M.L.A., re ceived the following letter from the Mining_de partment:—"Melbourne, 21st March, 1895.— W. A. Hamilton, Esq., M.P., Bendigo.—Dear Sir,—In the absence of the Honorable the Minister of Mines from Melbourne, I beg to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 20th instant, asking whether there isanyhope of the department supplying portable batteries lor use on some of the outlying reefs, and to inform you that it will have attention. —Your obedient servant, A. D. Webster, Private Secretary." The Price of Candles for Mining Pur poses.—Of late an opinion seems to have become rife among leading speculators that the price of mining candles—16s per case—was ex tortionate, and the keeping up of prices was variously ascribed to a ring among the dis tributing agents, and to the fact that the pro tective duty enabled the manufacturers tp charge a price which enables them to make more than a fair profit. Notwithstanding the denial of Mr. Kitchen, it is freely stated that Victorian candles are sold 2d per lb. cheaper in Sydney than in Melbourne. The matter was brought prominently before various directors' meetings at the latter part of last week, and it is understood that as a measure tending to bring about a reduction in prices, a number of companies will withhold their orders from the ordinary dealers, and will in future obtain their supplies through a Pall Mall firm, whose busi ness has hitherto been confined to leather goods. A somewhat similar step was taken some time ago regarding explosives. i Fire in Milroy-street.—Shortly after 9 o'clock on Saturday night a fire broke out in a four-roomed weatherboard house at the corner of Langston and Milroy streets, the property of. Mrs. Trumble. The hose reel from the Tem perance Fire ..Brigade's Buckley-street out station was soon taken to the scene, and two streams of water were got on to the flames, but could ■ not prevent the! total destruction -of- the building Hdwever, a detached _ .kitchen was. aav«d, and the neighbors succeeded in getting out a good many articles of furniture. The origin of the fire is unknown, but it appears that, Mrs. Trumble being away from home nursing a sickj child, her sons, on coming home in tho evening, had, to get-their own tea ; and on going out again left a fire burning in the fire-place in the front room. - -It is supposed that some of the fire rolled out on to the* floor, thus igniting the boards. The premises were insured! in the Norwich Union Company for £150. Tlie hose carts of the Temperance and No. 1 BHgadea were also on the scene. A slight mishap oc curred when the reel of the former brigade was. being brought out from the station, j In the rush the fixing of the bellyband of the harness had been over-looked, and when the reel was being'taken into the street it' suddenly tipped up. The mistake, however, was soon rectified. Bendigo Chilling Works Compaq.—A meeting of the committee was held at the town hall on Saturday afternoon. . The secretary (Mr. D. Walker) reported that:the application money of 2s Gd per share had been paid on about 6,000 shares by 165 shareholders, the cash in hand and in the bank being £700. As the directors are anxious that the company should start active operations with as little delay as possible it is desired that those shareholders who have not paid their application money should do so at once. The secretary was instructed to call a general meeting of provisional directors and shareholders to be held in the town Shall on Saturday, 6th April, when it is hoped that all shareholders will have paid their application money, and the registration will then be pro ceeded with forthwith. The directors ipresent were strongly in favor of the company being immediately started, and expressed surprise that some of those who would derive the most benefit from the establishment of these works in'the'district had bean dilatory in forwarding their.application money, thereby retarding the progress of this most excellent movement. The mayor and Messrs. M. Burke and T. Craike spoke very strongly on the great importance of establishing chilling works and providing an outlet for the surplus 'produce of the district. The concensus of opinion was that by the establishment of chilling works in Bendigo it would mean a direct saving to the producers from 50 to 70 miles north, east and west of Bendigo for the reason that stock sent away from Bendigo after being killed and prepared under the cHlling process would ooat less than half the price in railway freight, compared with stock sent in a live state and must: arrive at its destination in better condition, as stock travelling 100 miles to the seaboard must deteriorate in value. : The Daylesford Excorson.—The cheap ex cursion to Trentham and Daylesford, on' Satur day, was only fairly patronised, about 150 people booking from Bendigo, Golden-square Kangaroo Flat and Castlemaine. The trip was most enjoyable, and the excursionists, who arrived home shortly after 10 p.m., were very much pleased with the outing. The Phylloxera Scourge.—There is evi dence that the dreaded phylloxera has extended over a much wider area of country thanjwas at first expected. It is alleged that 12 acres of vines in Mr. W. Greiffenhagen's Hycernia vine yard at Axe Creek, have been found j to be affected, and whilst the vineyards of his] neigh bors, the Messrs. Lowndes, have also suffered from the ravages of the pest. : Civic Visitors.—Cr. T. Luxton, formerly of "this city, who is now mayor of Prahran, has invited his brother councillors to visit Bendigo in order to be shown over the place where, in the halcyon days of gold mining in j former years, Cr. Luxton did so well. The Visitors will arrive on Friday evening, and will be shown the sights of the city on the following day. The mayor (Cr. Heinz) is endeavoring to arrange that instead of the usual open-air con cert taking place on Wednesday night- it shall come off in the park on the Friday evening in honor of the visitors. Death of Mr. Thomas Jensen. - Early on Saturday morning Mr. Thomas Jensen, who was widely known as a former licensee of the Black Swan hotel, died from consumption, from which disease he had been suffering for some time past. The deceased gentleman breathed his last in the Bendigo Hospital, to which institution he had, on the advice of his medical attendant, Dr. Eadie, been removed about six weeks ago. Mr. Jensen was a native of Bendigo, and was about 36 years of age. His parents formerly resided in High-street, but subsequently his mother went into business at the Black Swan hotel, of which he succeeded her as licensee about nine years ago. A couple of years since he relinquished the hotel, and with his wife went into business at the Weighbridge hotel, Kangaroo Flat, which they conducted up till within a few months since, when they came into Bendigo, and lived pri- vately in M'Crae- street. While the deceased was the licensee of the Black Swan hotel, it was for many years the meeting place of the Ben- digo Deutscher Verein, in which he took a great interest, and held office as a committee man for a considerable time. The deceased was also well known in racing circles and as an owner of trotting horses. He was an honorary member of the No. 1 Fire Brigade, and in various ways rendered good assistance to the brigade. Out of respect to his memory the flag at the depot in M'Crae-street was at half mast on Saturday. A widow and four young children, the eldest about 11 years of age, and the youngest an infant, are left to mourn their loss. Miss M'Namara, of the Commercial hotel, Shelbourne, is a sister-in-law of deceased. Mr. Jensen was a very good judge of dogs and poultry, and in that capacity acted at the Bendigo Agricultural Society's shows a few years ago. He was also at one time a member of the committee of the society. The funeral took place yesterday afternoon, when a large number of the friends of the deceased gentle- man followed his remains to the Back Creek Cemetery. About 60 firemen marched in front of the cortege, which was a very lengthy one. These included a good muster of the No. 1 Brigade and representatives from the City, Golden- square and Long Gully brigades. The coffin was carried on the salvage waggon of the No. 1 Brigade and the hose cart of the same brigade, which was draped in black, preceded it. While the funeral procession was on its way to the ceme- tery, the bell in the fire tower was tolled at in- tervals. The coffin was carried to the grave by Firemen R Kerr. Burns, Parkinson and Free- man, of the No. 1 Brigade. The burial service was read by the Rev. Father Carroll. The Rabbit Pest.—The Sandhurst Goldfield Common managers have had four men engaged placing phosphorised wheat on the common for the destruction of rabbits during the last month, and finished up on Saturday. The rabbit inspector has expressed satisfaction with the work done, a great number of rabbits having been destroyed. The poison was laid in portions of the parishes of Lock wood, Maroug, Nerring, Neilborough and Huntly.. Tin: Departure or the Rev. Father Hogan.—Owing to his desire to see a complete finish to the late St. Patrick's Day demonstra tion, and the preparation and adoption of the balance-sheet, the president of the sports com mittee (the Rev. Father Hogan) will not take his departure for Europe till tho 1st May. The rev. gentleman will be accompanied" on tho home journey by the Rev. Father Dawson, of the diocese of Sale, over which the Right Rev. Dr. Corbctt presides. City Police Court.—The mayor (Mr.-G. Heinz) and Mr. AV. Webb, Js.P., attended "on Saturday and disposed of a number of debt cases, alter which the court adjourned. Insulting Words. — William Callaghan, aged 2:) years, a laborer, was arrested on Satur day by Constable Moncreifl'foi using insuhinsr words towards Alfred Lipscoirbe. Burglary.—The shop_of -Mr. J..Lipgharn, bootmaker, of Williamson-street, was'bur glariouslv entered betwe'en_6 o'clock on'Friday night and 8 o'clock on Saturday morning, and a number of boots were appropriated. Mr. Ling ham states he securely locked up the shop' on Friday evening and on returning on Saturday morning discovered the door unlocked, showing that skeleton keys had been used. Two pairs of gent's new Balmoral boots, also two pairs of geut's Balmoral boots that had been left for re pairs, a lady's pair of Balmorals and a pair of 6ho3S, the "whole, being valued at £3, were stolen. The matter is in the hands of the police. The Health Act.—It is notified in the Government Gazette that the fees for registra tion of cases of successful vaccination shall in futurejbe sixpence instead of one shilling, and that the fees to medical practioners,'"f6r report ing cases of dangerous infections, or' contagious disease, sballjbe one shilling instead of two shillings. :-V Railway Excursion.—A cheap'"excursion from Bendigo to Ballarafc, and. from,Bendigo, Castlemaine, Maryborough, and -Ballarat, to I Queenscliff, will take, place on .Friday next. Full particulars are given in the advertisement, I which appears in another column. : ' j Death of an Asylum Inmate.—On Tuesday, the 12th inst., an old woman named Rebecca .Tumulty wa3 found lying beneath one of the windows at the Benevolent Asylum in an un conscious state and suffering from a wound, on the head and fracture of her arm. She was re moved to the hospital and attended to, but her great age told against her, and she died at an early hour on Saturday morning. The asylum I authorities are of the opinion that the deceased must have jumped over the bars with which the window was fitted. The matter was re ported to the police, but as Dr. Peebles certi fied that death was due to senile debility a magisterial inquiry was dispensed with. ' j"-'The Late Mb. Thomas S. Hart. — The funeral of the late Mr. T. .S. Hart took place on Saturday, . his remains being interred in ths Kangaroo Flat Cemetery. Those in attendance consisted principally of the more intimate friends and relations of the deceased gentle man, several ofhis early associates joining in the cortege at Kangaroo Flat. The Rev.' A. S. C. James, of St. Andrew'sChurch, readtheburial I service at the gr^ve in a most impresive man ner, the mortuary arrangements being attended to by Mr. Farmer. The Late Mr. Gunderson and the Mixers' Association.—The funeral of the late Mr. George Gunderson, of Sailors' Gully, took place yesterday afternoon, his mortal remains being interred in the: Church of England portion of the Eaglehawk ; Ceme tery. The Rev. C. H. Brewer officiated at the grave. The deceased was an old mem hereof the Miners' Association, and for some time past had been on the Watson SuBtentation Fund.: Amongst those present at the grave, were Mr. J. Praed, president of the A.M. A., -Mr. George Hawke, president; Mr. J. Wil liams, ex-president, and Mr. P. Phillips, secre j tary of the Bendigo branch. , It is understood that the deceased has left a'will in which he bequeathed his little property at Eaglehawk to the local branch of the Miners' Association. The Education Act.—This fruitful subject of. discussion was touched upon incidentally by the Rev* A. B. Rofe durinp the course of his I sermon in the Congregational Church last even ing. The preacher remarked that some people were of opinion that religions instruction should not be imparted in the State Schools, while others were equally anxious that the Scriptures I should be read daily by the scholars, as the young people now growing up would in the near future be the people to carry on the affairs of ' the colony, and it was only religion that exalted a nation. There was no doubt but at the the present time there was a deplorable apathy displayed in re gard to religious matters, but if parents would only carry out the injunction of the Master—" Take this child and train it for Me audi will give thee thy wages," the dancers arising from the exclusion of the Bible from State schools would be reduced to a minimum. Christians should always have daily prayers in their families and attend regularly at divine worship on Sundays. He recognised that-the.. | father and mother of a family could not attend* church both in the morning and evening, but if i the children who were growing up to years of maturity were trained aright at home, there was no excuse for them to stay away. A minister I who had learnt fchs art of judicious advertis ing might attract them ; a big concert would. But as he had previously remarked, the whole thing would in a great measure be settled if the parents would only discharge their duties to their offspring when young. School Appoixtmems. — The undermen tioned teachers have been appointed to the fol lowing vacancies :—Head teachers—Brighton, Laurence Whyte; Ballarat, James Rattray: j Ballarat East, John AI'Donold ; Fitzrov, Thomas R. L. Austin and Robert Short; Stawcll, Samuel Trend ; Gcclong, Thomas F. Corbett; Warrnambool, John Reidy ; Coiling wood, Thomas Webster; Ascot Vale, Alfred I H. Williams; Brunswick West, Francis G. Manchester; Victoria Park, James Wardrop. First female assistants—Ballarat East, Eliza beth J. Parker; Fitzroy, Fanny M. Hambleton; I t> v^ii ^ar'a Lloyd; Daylesford, Annie B. Millar ; Warrnambool, Fanny A. Nicholl • Abbotsford, Barbara A. Rennick • Ascot Vale,' Emma G. Fairhall. High Price for a Mine.—r-The Perth corres pondent of the Argus writesIt is stated on I the best authority that Brennan and his two I mates have -received £20,000 and an eighth sharefor their rich mine at I.O.U. Brennan hcame to Western Australia 12 months ago, and' went through great privations . in securing his claim. He returned to Victoria three months ago to recuperate, and is understood to be now resident in the Bendigo district. [Mr. Brennan, I who is a son of Mr. Chas. Brennan, a "well UnawaiocaL produce merchant, is at present in Bendigo, and will return to West Australia shortly.] i : - ' ; : ! ------ I -Accident.—A 12 months' ojd child, the.'off ,spring of Mrs. Haydon, of Calvin-street,'fell out of a bed where it was sleeping on Friday afternoon and sustained a compressed fracture ti c®, The sufferer was attended to by lJJr._hturdee, and afterwards' removed to the ' hospital.. Last night we were advised bv the hospital-resident surgeons that the child was 1 out of danger. Valedictory,—At the close of the ordinary meeting of the St Andrew's Society, held last Thursday evening, Past Master Bro. James Andrew, who|is taking a trip to the Old Country for the benefit of his health, was entertained by the brethren, Host Whitlam providing light re freshments in his usnal creditaBlesTyle. The W.M., Bro. Geo. Bain, presided, and referred to * Andrew s long and honorable connec tion with the lodge and the practical support he had given it on different occasions. He wished Bro. Andrew a pleasant voyage, restored to health, and safe return to Bendigo. Bros. Uirrieand Bros. Scott endorsed the remarks of the chairman. Bro. Andrew, in responding, thanked the brethren for the opportunity afforded lum to say good-bye. He trusted the lodge would continue to prosper, and that every member would do his dutv. Several members contributed songs, and a pleasant hour was brought to a close by the singing of " Auld Lang Syne." Court Qceen of the Forest.—The quarterly summoned meeting was held on Tuesday, Bro J. Peterson, C.R., in the chair. The auditors' report showed that the funds of the court amounted to £1,232, nearly all invested on mortgage at good interest. Bro. J. Melrose's nonce of motion, re the suspension of sick pay for three months was lost by a large majority. ?r?L I°rgan, P.C.R., was elected delegate to the district meeting to be held in April. No action was taken in respect to the letter from Court Alexandra with a view to amalgamation visitors from Courts King of the Forest and Alexandra were present, and received the usual honors. The cash taken during the evenino amounted to £100. c A Visitation of God.—The Rev. A. B Rofe thepastor of theCongregational, Forest-street, fs a minister who does not let the opportunity pass bV;|0 utilise current events to impress upon his hearers lessons to be drawn from passages of Scripture, When reading the Bible lesson during the service last evening, he quoted from the second chapter of Joei, "And I will restore unto you the ears that the locusts have eaten the cankerworm anil the caterpillar and the palmer-worm, which I have sont amongst you-— ' And," said the preacher, " the Lord mi^ht have added the codlin moth nnrl the phylloxera, which have destroved your orchards and your vine3"ards." The phylloxera might be checked by inocula tion—which appeared to be the remedy adopted by the Government—but the only "complete cure was its entire eradication." All thc=e diseases, he remarked, were simply the visita tions of God to remind men of their dependence upon Him, and it would be a good thing if men would do, as they did of old, repent of their sms and pray to Him. Then would the Lord ho di \ ailing the children of Israel of old. Orchestral Concert and Dance. _ The Bendigo Orchestral Society's concert and Cin derella dance to-morrow night should prove \ery successful. The tickets a-e selling freely \W,r0T' rS;-r0, Miss ElUth Kilfedder and Mtssis. J. L Andrew dnd H. V. Roper. The oichestra will penorm some of its most popular selections' amongst others the brilliant overture ° Mr;0t" dance", lb t0 concert ™d Oddfellows' Hospital Service.—A choral rehearsal m connection with the Hospital Sun daj Parade service which is to be held in the town hall next Sunday week, under the ausp.ces ot the lodges of the Bendigo District' 1vas heId the Masonic Hall \ esieulay. There were nearly 100 ladies and gentlemen present, and several suitable hymn* were successfully rehearsed under the conduc torshjp ol Bro. W. Dennis. [ Indisposed.—Ifr. Percy AJoIe th» known dentist, has been indisposed tin*- *s!! past week, but his friends will be clad f ^ that he is now on a fair way to recovers fJr Zsewiiup.y-Spada Concert Comimvv * Royal Princess Theatre was packed in i: part last night when the Xewburv-Scar^ pany gave a sacred concert. Jlr numbers were—"The Holy City » thV J'! lent sinking of which elicited a hear' v WC81' when . he sang, with reverential m-'hr.,0,1;' With all lour Heart:" His rendition '• ' recitative and air, " In Native Worth li: long way the best that has ever been T31 in this city. The solo from the " Messiah Know that my Redeemer Liveth " by M j 1 Spada was a rich musical treat, also the -m ! Maria" (Gounod), to which she was comtil] to respond, singing " There is a Green S by the same author with exquisite feelir, expression. Mr. O. F. FUsht playedThe^5;1 obligate to ihe former with his accuetr ? skill. A euphonium solo *• The Lost pi,'; .(Sullivan) by Mr. V. V. Lorimer with very good tone, and he was honoredtV a recall Madame Bellas to be conr- ra'all'' for her fine singing of 4:He wpq a/,1 (Handel) and "Ave Maria'-' (Luzzi) amAf Hobbs was heard to advantage in "ka/ar'.'s (Gounod), and "Thou are Passina tt-"' , gives with < (Sutliv&n;). The concluding number* a My Song shall be alway Thv (Mendelssohn) was artistically sunc bv \h,uT Spada and Mr. Newbury. Mr. W E v accompanist was all that could'be desire/" 1! Deaths kv the Hospital.-Thomas J£'nc,„ aged So years, admitted 5th February, died"c Saturday from phthisis. Rebecca GumWv debJKtyl 1DStant' dkd °n FHday St. Kii.ian's Pro-Cathedral.—The Pi„ Rev. Dr. Reville, O.S.A., delivered : sivc seasonable discourse at the yesterday morning. The bishop, in the eo-. of his remarks, said that much as we ate! thfi Wftnderc nf ni-onit. _ , . ors :wpre.. mass the wonders of creation in the natural or? visible m the heavens and on the earth Tea- ' miracles existed, and were daily wrouch-'L' supernatural order. In that day's gospel *."! had read of the multiplication of the T« ! barley ^aves and the two fishes, with »hiS i o,000 men, besides women and children hjj i been fed. That miracle was a figure of the ' blessed euchanst daily consecrated on h altar and of which all faithful children ; of the church were invited, especial!, ' during these days of Lent to par4T I A large number of new associates and aspirant ; .were received into the sodality of the Children ' of Mary during the afternoon. The Risht P.- ' Dr. Reville, O.S.A., presided, and ™ assisted by the Very Rev. Father Crac." U..YU.., the director of the association, which numbers over. 300 members. The followicj young ladies took part in arranging the deta;!= —Miss Grellis (president), Miss B. Coffev (trea sure^), Mjss Florence Nash (secretary) and th» council. During the Sundays of Lent. ;fcj choir of -St, Kilian's instead of the enstomarv music renders the Gregorian Mass in uniW with the exception of the " Benedicts," which is taken from Haydn's Mass No. 15. As is usual, there is no organ played during tir's f penetential season at mass, according to the t practice of the choir at St. Peter's Rome. For f production on Easter Sunday Mozart's Ma«s .No. 12 is in active rehearsal, under the cond-c torship of Mr. Tamlyn. Co.vgreoatio.n-al Ciiorch.—The annual eels bration in connection with the building fund ci this church was held yesterday, when two special services were conducted bv the pastor the Rev. A. B. Rofe. There was a lar^e con gregation at each service. In the evening tha preacher selected for hi3 text Joel, 2nd crap-er 2Sth and 29th verses — •' And it shall come :o pass afterwards that I will pour out Jlv spiri: npon all flesh, and your sons and daughters will prophecy, your old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions, and also upon the servants, and the hand maids in those days will I pour out My Spirit." Special selections were ren dered by the choir at each service. In the morning Mrs. Bindley sang the solo, " la Humble Faith and Holy Love," very sweetlv, and Mrs. and Miss Jones -were heard ,to advan tage in a duet.; At? the' evening se^yice the .lintherfi,He,. Watching .o'er Hi^Jlcfk," Waa admirably rendered by the choir, as Slso was the anthem, "The Story of the Cross," in which the soprano solo .was sustained by Miss Hutchens .The quartette, " The Chapel,'' wa« pleasingly rendered by Messrs- ,E. Allen Bindley, J. Matchett, Davey and M'Kee. Miss Ashworth presided at the organ with her customary ability. The anniversary"'will be further celebrated by a sale of gifts and concert on Wednesday. Scnday School Anniversary.—\"esterday the anniversary ofcSt. Matthew's Sunday school, Long Gully, was celebrated, special services being held in the church, which was nicely decorated for the occasion. The morning ser vice was conducted by the Rev. C. A. Brewer. In the afternoon the Rev. J. Garlic!: gave a special address to the children on " persever ance," and in the evening the Rev. N. Jones preached, taking as hi3 test, 2nd Timothy, 3rd chapter, loth verss—"From a child thou hast known the Holy. Scriptures, which are able to make thee .\vise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus." The rev. gentle man's remarks were particularly directed to home influence. The children, under the leadership of-]SIr. J?. A. Polkinghorne, rendered special hymns very nicely, Miss A. Richards presiding at"the organ. Solos were effectively given by Miss J. Richards at the mornic" ser vice, and by Miss YV ilson in the evening. The tea meeting will be held on Wednesday. Flower Service.—-There was a very cccJ congregation at; the flower service held irftfce Primitive Methodist Church, Wade-street, ves terday afternoon. The pulpit was occupied by the Rev. A. .S.;Q."James, who preached an ex fcellent.. sermon from the appropriate words, Consider the lilies of the field how they grow," St Matthew—6th chapter, i?Sth verse. gave the younger members of his hearers some "good advice. The Babbit Trade.—The carriage of rabbits formed the subject of an interview on Friday between the railway commissioners and Mr, i M'Coll, M.L.A., M. A. White, and 1 the president of the Gordon Shire. It was urged that with a view of encouraging an ex port trade in rabbits, giving additional em ployment, and relieving the country oHft great pest, lower yates should be charged for Carriage from distant centres. The suggestion was j made (says the Argus) that the Bendigo freight ; should be made a maximum. The commis- j sioners pcinted out that a maximum rate as I proposed would be a novelty which they were ■ disinclined to introduce, but they agreed to ] take into consideration the adoption cf a j rate on a more tapering scale than at present , exists.' _ v r ! The A.N.A. Concerts.—The firstVf a series of popular concerts under the auspices of the local branch of the A-.N.A.-will be given in the hall to- night. An excellent'programme has been issued, and the admission is fixed a: cue shilling. 11 o^rAX."—-On the authority of Woomera,5' in the ^wsirafaszan, we learn that at last the secret is out. The New Wcrcan is after the very thing that the old woman has been striving for for generations—^he wants to be admitted to the u Lodge." For all her rational dress, and her vague Teaming, her culture, and her bicycle she'is simply a modern Mrs. Caudle, and her manoeuvres with regard to the suffrage are just another and more insidious attack upon the password and the latchkey. To the Grand Master of the Odd fellows a deep debt of gratitude is due tor the noble stand he has taken upon this question. Speaking^ at Warrnambool, he has jtnick a chord which will, I know, find an echo in every manly breast. He sees the danger, and he confronts it in a masterly manner—a grand manly manner. Never, he cries, will he submit to see the sacred precincts of the IoJps invaded by women. To his clarion peal of defiance I Avould join my mpdest penny whistle of^ entreaty-. \ou see, ladies, it's this way. It s. bad enough to meet you when we come home from the lodge, but to have you there—* bang it all; no. Leave us some decent excuses. Don't deprive us of the fiction of the special meeting and. the; late "sitting. Owing to the way pur railways, are,' managed it is yery diffi* cult for a man to-.catch his last train, but if you deprive ua of our Jodge how shall wfi eM3lain it 1 Let us have one plausible lie upon we cau depend. Don't ;matfe things harder for us. Take the Church, i take the Income Tax—take anything we cherish, but leave us, 0 leave us the lodge, " The Raii,\vav Board Deadlock.—Do yon know what has caused all the trouble at the new Railway Board? (asks " Woomera," in the Aitxfraiasiaii,) You would never guess, so J will tell you at once. It is grammar. But what has grammar to dp with '.it ? vou ask. That is exactly the question that two of the members of theboard asked of the third member. It was a little locomotive whispered the secret to me, and that's how I come to know about it. It seems that the chairman commenced riffht away to fiud fault with one of the members on little points of grammar. The inquiry, he saitl» could never come to anv definite result if it were not founded on correct grammatical basis. If two and two is four there must ba confusion if one of the members said u two and two a?e four.*' Therefore he proposed .to give each of his brother members a thorough grounding the principles of Morell, before entering the main pnrposeof the inquiry, No.revery°ne knows that Judge Casey's grammar has & " Frineh "* flavour. It was therefore only to be expected that he should meet the same fate as the man who <( attimpted to tache Frinch in Killaloo." Xo-self-respecting Manxman will submit to have his grammar criticiscd from a Franco-Dublin standpoint, and therefore Mr Cain told the chairman that lie might he an authority upon railways, but as for grammar ho would back M'Mahon, of the Board of" W nrks. to talk more grammar in an hour than he ( Judge Casey ) could utter in a week. That is how the trouble arose. Commons Managers. — James Ashworth, George Newton, Donald M'Nichol, Harry Bradley and Ronald /STotine have been gazetted managers of the.Costerfield Goldfields Common. Re-opening Service —Yesterday afternoon the ordinary routine .oiir Sunday School work was departed from, to some extent in the Wes leyan Sunday School^ Golden-square, tho roc-' casion being the re-opening of the school, which; has lately bcea undergoing renovation. A short programme of vocal and instrumental music of; a sacred character was gpne through,- in which the following ladies and gentlemen took part : —Mrs. Thompson, Misses Treloar and Lansell ; ; and Messrs. W. Johns a'ndTrezedda, The Golden ' Bquare Wesleyan School string band, of 16 per . formers, under the leadership of Mr; HI Crump,' ' played several selections very ,'creditably. The -.scholars.'alsq sang several 'hyirms- with good effect;; Mr. Leevea presided at the piano. ; ; ' -Propeety and. [Pdrniture. (Sale.—Messrs.; H., Mi Marks and Co. 'will sell to-day at St. (Just's Point, Long Gully, at 2 o'clock, cottage and furniture in the estate of the'lateMar ■garetVeale. ' . . Sale op Freehold Land at RaySvood.—.• Messrs. R. O'Neill and Co. will selrto- day,, at 2 o'clock, at Gunn's h o t el, ~Ra ywood, 320 acres of land, on which is erected a seven-roomed dwelling house, outbuildings, etc. ' ; • A special meeting of the members of. the Ben digo branch of theMiners' Association is convened by the president, Mr. Geo. Hawke, for "Wednesday next, at the Beehive Exchange, in compliance with a requisition signed by. lOfmancial members, who'are dtBsati-fied with the decision of the committee in.regard to fche- Tarnaeulla ballot., 