SONS OF FIRE. BY MIS3 BRA.DDON. Author of "Lady Audley's Seoret," "Tho Fatal Three," "The Day will Come," "The Dootor's Wife," "Tbou art the Man," &o.; CHAPTER XIX. 1 WHAT WAS A SPEOK EXPANDS INTO A STAB." " Had the landlady of the houae in Great Ormond-street been anybody in the world but my old nurse, I doubt if any philanthropio purpose would have inspired me with the boldness to carry through the work I had un dertaken. To appear before the average lodginghouBe-keeper within half an hour of midnight, and with Buoh a protege sb Espe ranza Campbell upon my handB, would have required theoourageof a lion, and at that time Iwasapartioularlyehynndeeneitevyoungman, brought up in the retirement of a remote oountry house and in the eooiety of a mother whom I loved very dearly, but, as wo are told to love God, with fear and trembling. My constitutional shyness, the natural outcome of narrow surroundings, had kept me from making friends at the University, and I believe it was sheer pity whiob prompted Gerald Standieh to take me under his wing. His kindness was rewarded by finding me a likeable oompanion, whose character supplied Home of the qualities which were wanting in bis bright and buoyant disposition. We were real friends, and remained frionde until tho end of bia too brief life. »o much to explain that it was only my oonfidenoe in ray old nurse's indulgence which, enabled me to cub the knot of our diifioulty in disposing of Esperatza Campbell. ''My faithful Martha and her excellent husband were sleeping the sleep of the just in a ground-floor room at the back of tbe bouee while their maid-servant slumbered still more soundly in a back attio. Happily Martha was a 'light eleuper, and had trained herself to wake at tbe lightest ory in seasons of measles or whooping-cough, teething or infantile bron chitis ; so my eeoond opplioation to tbe bell and knooker brought a prompt response. Bolts were drawn, a key was turned, a chain was unfastened, the door was opened a oouple of inohes, and a timid voioe asked what was wanted. "' It ie I, Martha, Geoigie Beresford, I've brought you a lodger.' '"Oh, oomenow, Mr. George, that's one of your jokes. You've been to the theatre, and you're playing a trick upon me. Go home now, do, like a dear young gentleman, and come and have a oup of tea with me some afternoon when you've got half an hour to spare.' "'Martha, you are keeping a very sweet young lady out in the oold. For goodness' sake open the door, and 1st me explain matters.' "'Oan'tshe take ber in?' asked Gerald, im patiently, from tbe cab. "Martha opened the door, and exhibited, herself reluctantly in her oasjual costume of flannel dressing-gown and tartan shawl. ~ ." * What do you mean,Mr. George? What oan you mean by wanting lodgings for a young lady at this time of night?' - " 'Hounds queer, don't it?f said Gerald, who had bounded up the steps and burst into the dim wainscoted ball, lighted only by the oandle Martha was oarrying. 'The fact is we're in adiffioulty, and Mr. Bereaford assures mejou oan get us out of it.' " And then in the fewest words and with most persuasive manner be explained what he wanted, a home and a protector for a blame less young oirl whom the foroe of oiroum stanoes had flung npon our hands at half-past 11 o'olook in the evening. Somehow we must get rid of her. She was a gentleman's daughter, and we could not take her to the workhouse. Reputation, hers and ours, for bade that we should take her to an hotel. " Not a word did Gerald say about table turning. or spirit-rapping. He was shrewd enough to guess that acy bint at the seanoe would have prejudiced honest Martha against our charge.' " 'I'm sure I don't know what to do,' said Martha; and I oould see that she was suspi oious of Gerald's airy manner, and doubtful even of me. ' My husband's fast aBleep. He isn't suoh a light sleeper as 1 am. I don't know what he would say' "'Never mind what he would say,' inter rupted Gerald. ' What you have to say is that you'll take Miss Campbell in and give her a tidy room somewhere—she ain't particular, poor thing—and make her comfortable for a_week or two while she looke out for a situa tion.' " Oh, she's on the lookout for a situation, is she?' said Martha, evidently mollified by the idea of a breadwinning young person. ' You see, Mr. George, 'she went on, appealing to me, 1 in London one oan't be too particular. This house is all Benjamin and I have to look to in our old age ; we've put our little all into j it; and if the young lady happened to be rather dressy, or sang aomio songs, or went to the theatre in cabs, or bad gentlemen leave letters for ber—why, it would just be our ruin. Our first floor is let to one of the most part particular of widow ladies. I don't believe there's a more particular lady in London.' " ' My dear Martha, do you think I'm a fool or a knave? This girl is a village organist's " ' Ah, Mr. George, they mint all begin,' said Martha, shaking bar head philosophi cal! v. "'She is mourning forherfather—an orphan —friendless and unhappy' " ' As for conduot, propriety, and all that kind of thing, I'll answer for her as if she were my own sister,' put iu Gerald in his splendidly' reokless way ? ' and that being theoaee, I hope you are not going to keep the poor young lady sitting out there in a cold oab till to-morrow morning. " Martha listened to Gerald and looked at me. "'If you're sure it's all right, Mr. George,' she murmured, 'I'd rather do anything in the world to oblige you: but this house is our all' " ' Yes, yes,' Gerald exclaimed impatiently. * You told us that before. Bring her in, George. It's all settled.' " This was a happy stroke, for old Martha would have stood in the hall with her gutter ing candle ant her deshabille of flannel aDd tartan, debating the matter for another quarter of an hour; but when I brought the pale girl in her black frook up the steps, and handed ber into the old woman's oare, the motherly heart melted all at onoe, and all hesitanoy was at an end. "' Poor young thing. Why, she's little more than a ohild ! How pale and aold you look, poor dear. I'll go down and light a bit of Gre and warm a oup of broth for you. My seoond floor left the day before yesterday. I'll soon get the bedroom ready for you.' "'That's aB it should be,'said I. 'You'll find yourself safe and comfortable here, Miss OampbBll. with the kindest woman I know. I'll oall in a few days and see bow you are getting on.' "iBlipned a ooupleof sovereigns into my old nurse's palm as I wished her good nicht. The oabman brought in the poor little wooden trunk, reoeivad a liberal faro, and went his way in puaoe, while Gerald and I walked to the Tavistaok, glad to cool down after an even ing's excitement. •"What an adventurer said ha. 'Of course I always knew it was a humbug, but I never thought it was quite suoh transparent humbug.' " ' That girl would have taken any one in,' said I. "' Why. beoauee she's young and pretty, after a rather siokly fashion !' "'No, because she was thoroughly in earnest, and believed in the thing itself.' "'You really think ebe was a dupe, and not an aooomplice?' "'I'm euru of it. Her dietrese was very real. And at her age, and with her imagina tive nature' '"What do you know of her nature?' be asked sharply. " The question and his manner of asking it pulled roe up suddenly, a9 a dreamer of morning dreams is awakened by the matter of-faot voioe of the servant who comes to call him. "What did I know of her? What asBuranoe had I that her eobs and lamentation, her pathetio story of the father so loved and mourned were not as spurious as the rest of the show, as much a cheat as the iron rod I and the leather strap. How did I know? ! Well, Ioould hardly have explained the basis of my oonviotion, but I did know; and I would have staked my life upon her honesty and her innocence. "I woke next! morning to a now sense of responsibility. I had taken this helpless girl's fate into mv hands, and to me she must look for aid in chalking out a path for herself. I had to find her the means of earning her daily bread, reputablv, and not as a drudge. The problem was difficult of solution. I had heard enough of the lot of the average half-educated governess—the life harder, the pay Ibsb than a servant's. Yet what else than a nursery' governess could this girl be, at her age, and with her attainments, whioh I conoluded were not above the ordinary sohoolgirl'a. The look-" out was gloomy, and I was glad to shut my eyes to the diOfiouties of the situation, telling myself that my good Mortha tvotild give the poor child a oonifortable home upon very moderate terms—Buch terms as X oould afford to pay out of my very moderate allowance, and that in a month or two something—in the lan guage of the immortal Micawber—would turn up. "There was but another week of the Long, a week which under ordinary ciroumstanoes I should have spout with my widowed mother at her house in the oouutry, but whioh I decided to spend in London, aocepting Gerald's invitation to share his rooms in Arundel-strest, and do a final round of the theatres, an invitation I had previously declined. During that week I was often in Great Ormond-street, and contrived to learn n great deal more about Esperanza's character and history—of-her history all she had to tell; of her character, whioh to me seemed trans parent as a foresb streamlet, all I oould divine. I oalled inOrinond-etreebon tbe seoond day of her residenoe there, and found good Norse Martha in the best possible humour. It was 4 o'olook in the afternoon, and she- insisted that I should atop tor a oup of tea. and at tea making—that is to say, the art of producing a better oup of tea than anybody else oould pro-, duoe from the oanister, kettle, and teapot— had always been a epeoial talent of Martha's, I was glad to aooept her hospitality. " Miss Campbell had gone for a little walk round the squares, she informed me. '"She doesn't oare about going out,' ex plained Martha. 'She'd rather sit over a book or~ play the harmonium. But I told her she muse take an airing for her health's sake.' " I was disappointed at not finding Espe ranza in the tidy baok parlour to which Nurse Martha ushered me—a room of exemplary neatness and enugness, enlivoned by those living presences which always make for cheer fulness—vulgar as we may deem them—a glass tank of gold fish, a oanary bird, and a magnifi oent tabby oat, sleek, clean, luxuriously idle in purring contemplation of the bright little fire in tbe old-fashioned grate, that grate with hobs whioh reminded me of my nursery deep in the heart of the oouutry. Now you sit down in Blake's armchair, Mr, George, and let's have a talk over missy. I shouldn't have taken those two sovereigns from you the night before last if I hadn't been allot a muddle with the enddennesBof the thing. I don't want to be paid in advance for doing a kindness to a helplesB girl.' "'No, Martha; bat sinae the helpless girl was on my hands, it's only right I should pay you somehow, and we may as well settle that question et once, ae it may be several weeks before MisB Campbell is able to find a suitable situation.' '"Several months, mora likely. Do you know how young she is,'Mr. George I' ] " 'Eighteen.' " 'Eighteen last birthday—onlyjuet turned eighteeu, and she's umch younger than most i girls of eighteen in ail her ways and thoughts. J She's olever enough with her bands, poor ohild. Nothing lazy or lolloping about her—j made her own bed and swept and tidied her own room without a word from me; but there's s helplessness soinowhere in hor thoughts. I don't know how she'll ever set about getting a situation—I don't know what kind of situation ehe's fit for. She's muoh too young and too pretty for a governess.' "'Not too young for a nursery-governess, surely.1 " ' A nursery-governess means a nursery maid without a cap, Air. George. I shouldn't like to eee her brought to that. I've taken to her already. Benjamin Bays, with her sweet voioe and pretty face, eho ought to go on tko stage.' "I was horrified at the ides. '" Martha, how oan you speak of such a thing 1 Have you any idea what the life of a theatre means for an inexperienced girl—for a beautiful girl, most of all V • Oh, I've heard there are temptations; but a prudent young woman oan take care of herself anywhere, Mr. George, and an impru dent young woman will go wrong in a oountry parsonage or a nunnery. If Miss Oampbell is to earn her own living she'll have to face dangers and temptations, go where she may. She'll have to take oare of herself, poor child. There'll bs nobody else to take oare of her. I've heard that young women are well looked after in some theatres — at Mr. Charles Sean's, for instanae. I knew a young person that used to walk on in "Louis the Eleventh", —dressed as a boy in blue and gold — and she told me Mr. and Mrs. Charles Sean was that particular' " "The ICeans are making a farewell tonrin Australia, and will never go into manage ment again, Martha. You are talking non sense.' "Poor Martha looked crestfallen at this reproof. "' I dare say I am, Mr. George; but for all that, I don't think Miss Campbell will ever do muoh as a governess. It isn't in her. There's a helplessness, and a bendingness, and droopinguess, if I may say so, about her oharaoter that won't do for a governess. The only mistress that would keep her is the kind of mistross that would make a slave of her.' Hard lines,'I said getting up and walk ing about the little baok parlour. " It was a third room quite at the baok of the substantial Georgian house; there was eoant space for my restlessness between the old square piano, which served as a sideboard, and the fireplace by which my dear old Martha sat looking at me with a perturbed ooun tenauce. "I began to think I had let myself in for a bad thing. What was I to do with this girl, whoBefatn I had in soma measure taken into my hands? It had seemed easy enough to bring ber to this quiet shelter, which Bbe might leave in a week or so, braced up and ready to fight her battle of life—the battle we all have to fight somehow—a self-supporting young woman. Self-supporting, that was the point. I now remembered with terror that there is a large olass of persons upon this earth whom not even the scourge of poverty can make self supporting; a vast multitudeof feeblesoulswho resign themselves from the beginning of things to drift upon the stream of life, aud are never known to strike out and swim for any shore, and so drift down to the ocean of death. Of these are the poor relations for whom some thing is for ever being done, and who never do anything for themselves; of these the feeble scions of patrician family trees, who are always waiting foraineoures under Govern ment. | "God help hor, poor eoul. if she was one of these invertebrates, and God help me in my responsibility towards her. ! " I was an only son, the heir to a smalt estate in Suffolk and an inooine of something under three thousand a year. I was not quite | twenty years of age, and I had to maintain myself at the rnoBt expensive college in Cam- | bridge on an allowance that many of the rich young men with whom I associated would have considered abject penury. I was not in a fast aet. I did not hunt—indeed, with my modest inonme, hunting would have been im possible; but I was not without tastes whioh absorbed money. The lore of choice books and fine engravings, the fanoy. for aurios picked up here or there,the piesenoe of whioh gare interest to my rooms, and, perhaps, helped to reconcile me to many long hours within closed doors. I had hitherto been most onreful to live within my income, for I knew that it was as muoh as my mother could afford to give me, taking into considoiation her devotion to the estate which was to be mine by-and-by, and the maintenance and improve ment of which had been to her as s religion. Her model cottages, ber bome-farm, the village Chnroh, to whose every improvement her purse had largely contributed—these were thesouroesof expenditure which kept her com paratively poor, and which forbade any extra vagance on my part. " All these facta were in my mind that after noon as I paoed the narrow bounds of old Martha's sitting-room. "'She will have to get her living,'I said severely, as the result of these meditations which Bbowed me no margin for philan thropy, "Hadray mother been as some men's mother* I might naturally have oontemplated shifting the burden upon her shoulders. - I might have told Etperanza'ss lory, and handed Eaperanza over to her oare as freely as if I bad pioked up a stray oat or dog. But my mother was nob one of those soft, impressionable women who are always ready to give the reinB to senti ment. She was a good woman, and devoted much of her life and means to doing good, but her benevoienoe was restricted to the limits of her own parish. Sba would hardly listen to a tale of sorrow outside her own village. "' We have so much ta do for our own people, George/aheusedtotelline. 'Itis folly to be distraoted by outside claims. Here we know our return for every shilling we give. We know the best and worst about those we help.' " Were I to tell her Esperanza's story her suggestions for helping me out of my difficulty would be crueller than old Martha's. She would be for sending the girl into service as a housemaid for getting her an assisted passage to the Antipodes on an emigrant ship. " Martha oamc to my reBcuB in my trouble now as she had done many a time whan I wore a kilt, and when my naked knees had oome into abrupt collision with a.gravel path or a etony beaob. " ' She'll have to be older and wiser before she gets her own living, Mr. George,' said Martha; 'but don't trouble about her. as loDg as I've a bed or a sofa to soars, she oan stop with me and Benjamin. Her bite and sup won't hurt us, poor thing, and I don't want sixpence from you. She shall stop here free, gratis, Mr. George, till she finds a better home.' . . . " I gave my old nurse a hug as if I had been still the boy in the Maodougal kilt. '"No, no, Martha; I'm notgoiog to impose on your generosity. I shall be able to pay you somothiog. Only I thought you might want two or three pounds a week for her board, and I could not manage that for an indefinite period.' " ' Two or three pounds ! Lor, Mr. George, if that's your notion of prions, Cambridge landladies must be 'arpies. Why, I only get two guineas for my drawing-room floor, as a permanonoy, and lady tenants even begrudge half-a orown extra for kitohen fire. Let her stop here as long as she likes, Mr. George, and never vou think about money. It's only her future I'm thinking of, for there's a help lessness about her that Ah, there she is,' as the hall door Blowly opened. ' I gave her mv key. She's quite one of us aireadv.' "She cimo quietly into the roam and took my proffered hand without shyness or embar rassment. She was pale still, bub the fresh air had brought a faint tintef rose into the pallid oheeks. She looked even younger and more childlike to-day in her shabby morning frook and poor little blaok straw hat than she had looked the night before last. Her etrong emotion then had given more of womanliness to the small oval fane. To-day there was a simplioity in her aspsot, as of a trusting child who took no thought of the future, secure in the kindness of those about her. " I thought of a sentenoe in the gospel, 'Consider the lilies how they grow.' This ohiId had grown up like a lily in the mild atmosphere of doinestio lore, and had been the easy dupe of a delusion whioli appealed to her affeotian for the dead. "' I oalled to see if yon were qote com fortable and at home with Mrs. 13lake,' I said, far more embarrassed by the situation than Esperanza was. " ' Yes, indeed I am,' she aaBWered in her sad Bweet voice. ' It is so nice to be with somo one so kind and clean and comfortable. The Fran was not very unkind ; but sho was so dirty. She gave us such horrid things to eat—the smell ot them made me ill—and then she said I was affected and eillv,.and the Herr used to say I might starve if I could not eat their food. It made ms think of my happy borne with father, and our oosy little teatable beside the fire. We did not alwaya have dinner,' she added naively; 'neither of us oared muoh for that.' "She hung over old Martha's shoulder with afieotionate familiarity, and the horny old band wbicb had led my infant steps was held up to clasp hers, and the withered old face smiled. " 'See how she gets round ns,' said Martha, nodding at me. ' lienjamiu is just as bad. And you should bear her play the 'armonian of an evening and sing ' Abide with me.' You'd hardly bear her without shedding tears.' " ' Do you think you oan be happy here for a few weeks?' I asked. "' Yes, as happy as I oan bo anywhere without father. I dreamt of him last night —such vivid dreams. I heard his roioe close beside my pillow celling my name. I know his spirit was in the room. It isn't because the Herr and his wife were cheats that there is between the living and the dead. I know there is a link, ehe insisted passionately, her eyus brimming with sudden tears. ' They are not dead — those we dearly love — only removed from us. The clay ib gone; the soul is hovering near, blessing, oomfort ingus.' "She sobbed oat her grief, hiding her face upon Martha's substantial shoulder. I could speak no words of oousolation; nor would I for worldB have argued against this fond hallu cination, the dream of Borrowing love. "I shall not gee thee. Dare I say Mo spirit ever brake the band That stays him from the native land In whirh he walk'd when clasped in clay? Mo visual shade of boiub one lost. But he, the Spirit himself, may come Where all the nerve of sense is numb; Spirit to Spirit, Ghost to Qhost. " I quoted those lovely lines in a low voioe as I walked aoftly up and down the darkening room; and then there was eiienoe save for soothing wordless murmurs from Martha, such murmurs as had served to hush my own baby sorrows. " 'There's tho kettle just on the boil,' oried the good eoul cheerily, when Esperanza's sobs had oeased ; ' and I know Mr. George must be wanting his oup of tea,' " She rose and bustled about in her dear old aotive way. She lit a lamp — an in&rtiBtio; oheap paraffin-lamp, but the light was cheer ful. The tea-table arranged by Martha was the picture of neatness. She set Esperanza the feminine task of making toast. The poor child had the prettiest air of penitence as she kissed Martha's hand, and ihon knelt meekly down, with the fireglow crimsoning the alabaster faoe and neok, and shining on the pale gold hair and ruBty black frock' "'I'm afraid I'm very troublesome/ ehe aaid apologetically; 'but, indeed, I'm very grateful to you, Sir, for taking oare of me that dreadful night, and to dear Mrs. Blake for all her kindness to me.' " ' Mrs, Blake is the quintessence of kind ness. I am very glad to think you oan live happily here until ehe or I can find some nice situation for you.' " She had been smiling softly over hor task, but her face clouded in an inBtant, " ' A situation. That's what everybody said at Besbery ! We must find her a situa tion, And then Miss Grimshawe wanted me to be a dressmaker.' " 'You shall not be a dressmaker. I promise hat.' i " ' But oh, what ami to be! I-don't knsirv halt enough for a governess. I oouldnYteaoh big girls Gorman and Frenoh and drawing. X oouldn't teaoh little boys Latin. And that's what everybody wants of a governess,. I have read the advertisements in the news papers.' , ■ "And as to being a nursery govern ess, why it's negro slavery !' .said Martha. I wouldn't mind the drudgery, only I hateohiidren!' said Esperenza. " This avowal shocked me. I looked at the soft, .ohildlike oountenanoe, and the speech seemed incongruous. '"I have never had anything to do with ohildren ainoe my sister Lucy died,' she explained. ' I shouldn't understand them, and they would laugh at me and my fancies/ After Luoy'a death I lived alone with father, always alone, he and L The harmonium and the organ in the ohuroh olose by were bur only friends. Our clergyman was just oivil to father, but I don't think he ever liked him. X heard him onoe tell some one that bis organist was an eooentrioity. An exoentrioity 1 That , was all he oould say about my father, who was ever so much cleverer than he.' " She said this with pride, almost with de fianoe, looking me in the face at if she were challenging me to dispute the faot. "'Was your father very clevert' I asked her, keenly interested in any glimpses of her history. "Yes; I am sure he was olever, muoh cleverer than the oommon ran of people. He loved musio, and he played beautifully. His touch upon the old organ made the ohuroh musio sound nngelio. Now and then there was some one in the ohuroh — some strangers who seemed to .understand his playing, and who was astonished to find snoh an organist in a. village oburoh—an out-of-the-way village like ours. But for the moat part people took no notioe. It didn't seem to matter to them whether the ohoir sang well or badly; but when they eang false it hurt father just like bodilv pain.' * * Did be teaob yon to play r " ' A little. Bat he wasn't fond of teaching What I know of musio t fonnd ont chiefly fo. myself—jnat sitting albne at the organ when r could get one of the choir boys to blow for mel touching the keys, and trying the stops, till I learnt something about them. But I play very badly.' '"Beautifully I beautifully !' ejaculated Martha. ' You draw tears.' " ' You sang in the ohoir, I think ?' I said. *' ' Yes ; there were four young ladies and a lady's maid with a oontralto voice, and I was the sixth. There were about a dozen men and boys who sat on the other side of the ohanoel. People Baid it was a good choir for a village ohuroh. Father was so unhappy when we sang badly that we oould not help trying to sing well.' " I remembered those seraphic Botes in Handel's thrilling melody, and I could under stand that at least one voioe in the ohoir had the heavenly ring. "' Well,' 1 said at last,' we must hope for . the bbst. Something may turn up that will suit you better than governessing. And in the meantime you can make yourself happy with my old nurse. I oan answer for it she'll never be unkind to you. "'I'm sure of that. I would rather stay here and be ber servant than go among strangers.' " ' What, wear an apron and oap, and wait upon the lodgers Y 1 said, laughing at the absurdity of the idea. She seemed a orea ture so far remnved from the useful race of neat-banded Phillises. "Ishould not mind.' " The clock in the hall struck G, and I bad promised Gerald to be ready for dinner at half-past, as we were to go to a theatre after wards— the Adelphi, where Jefferson was acting 'Rip Van Winkle.' I bad to take a hurried leave. " ' Don't you worry yourself about her, Mr. George,' said Martha as she let me out at the street door. ' I'll keep her as long as evei you like.' "I told Martha that I should send her a little money from time to time, and that I fhould consider myself in her debt for a pound a week as long as Miss Campbell stayed with her." '"She'll want a new frook, won't she 1' I asked. ' The one she wears looks very shabby.' " ' It looks what it i', Mr. George. It'a all but threadbare, and it's the only frook she has in the world, poor ohild! But don't you trouble about that either. You gave me two sovereigns. One of these will buy the stuff, and she and I can make the frook. I've out out plenty of frocks in my day. I used to make all your mother's frooks onoe upon a time.' She hart nursed my mother in the bloom of her youth ; ehe had nursed me in heretnrdy middle life; and now in her old age ehe was willing to oare for this girl for whose fate I had made myself responsible. "Gerald received me with his customary oheeriness, though I was ten minutes after the half-hour, and the fried sole had frizzled itself to drynt-ss by that delay." "' I've some good news for you 1' he exclaimed in his exuberant way. ' Itsallright.' " ' What's all right ?' " ' Four protege. I've written to the parson at Besbery. 1'be story she told us was gospel truth.' " ' I never thought it was anything else." "Ah, that's because you're over head and eare in love with her, Gerald. "I felt myself blushing furiously, blushing like a girl whose seoret tenderness stands revealed. Of course I protested that nothing was further from my thoughts than love; that I was only eorry for the girl's loneliness and helplessness. Gerald obviously doubted me ; and I had to listen to his sage counsel on the subjeot. lie was my senior by two years, and oiaimed to be a man of the world, while I had been brought up at my mother's apron-string. Ho foresaw dangers of whiob I had no apprehension. "'There is nothing easier to dropintotban an entanglement of that sort,'he eaid. "You had muoh better fell in love with a ballet-girl. It may be more expensive for the moment,'but it won't compromise your future.' "His arguments had no effect upon my oonduot in the few remaining days of the long vacation. I went to Ormond-street a second and a third time during those few daye. I took Esperanza to an afternoon concert at tho St. James's Hall, and enjoyed her ecstaoy as she listened to Sainton and Bottesini. With her musio was a passion, and I believo she sat beside me utterly unconsoious of my ex istence, with a eoul lifted above earth and all earthly feelings. " ' You were happy while the mueio lasted,' I said as we walked baok to Ormond-etreet by a longisb round, for I chose the quietest streets rather than the nearest way. Mere than happy,' she answered softly. 'I was talking with my father's spirit. "' You stiii believe in the communion of the dead and the living,' I said, ' in Bpiteof the trioka your German friends played upon you ?' "'Yea,' ehe answered steadfastly. '-I still helieve, I shall always believe there is a bridge between earth and heaven — between tha . jgfflj...;. : —— — . '^-jtSfficldwe oan see.ond touch and the world we £ ;oan only foBl with our hearts and minds, vi' -When' I Bear musin like that we heard just now—those long-drawn singing notes on the ft'-yiblin, those deep organ tones of the 'cello—I jlvi ieel myself darned away into a shadowy ; world where I know my father and mother .V- are waiting for me. We shall all he together 7 again some day, and I shaif know and under . stand, aud i shall feel her soft touoh upon my ' forehead and my hair as I hare felt it so often in my dreams.' ' '•She broke down, crying softly as she walked by my side. I soothed her as well as I could, soothed her most when I talked of 4-, those she had lDBt, questioning, her about them. She remembered her mother dimly—a long, last illness, a pale and wasted faoe, and \- gentle hands and loving arms that need to bo folded round her neok as she nestled against the eiofe-bed. That eiok room ■r4 . 'and the dim light of wintry afternoons and the sound of the harmonium as her \- fathar playod soft muBio in the adjoining pir Ibur were things that sesmed to have lasted .. for years. She oould not look behind them. Her memory of mother and of home stopped on the threshold of that dimly lighted = •■ - room. "Her father was a memory of yesterday. Ho bad been her second self, the other half .of her mind." " ' He believed in ghosts,' she said, ' and in second sight. He ha9 often told ine how he eaw my mother coming downstairs to meet him with a shroud showing faintly above her .. White summer gown, the night before she broke a blood-vessel, and took to her bed in -t-- her last illness.' " ' An optical delusion, no doubt ; but it comes that natural to a Scotchman to believe > - such things. He should not have told you.' :Why not? I like to know the world we " : cannot see is near us. I should have died of loneliness if I had not believed my father's spirit was still within reaoh. I don't mind ^about those peoplo being impostors. I begin to think that the friends we have lost would \- hardly talk to us through the moving up and down of wooden tables. It seems such a foolish way, docs it not ?' _ Worse than foalieh ; undignified. 'I he ghosts in Virgil move and talk with a stately grandeur. Shakspearo'e ghosts are kingly and awful; they strike terror. It has remained for the nineteenth century to imagine ghosts that flit about a shabby parlour and skip from side to side of the room and flutter round a table, and touch, aud rap, and tap, and pat with vicious hands like the touoh of a toad.' " ' I don't care what you say abont those things,'she answered resolutely. There is a link between life aud death. I don't know what the link is; hut though my father may be dead to all the world besides, he is not dead to me.' " I did not oppose stubborn common sense to this fond delusion. It might be goodfor her to believe in the things that are not. The tender fanoy might bridge over the dark gulf of sorrow. I tried to divert her mind to lighter subjects—talked to her of this monstrous London, of which she knew nothing and of which I knew very little. "On the following evening I took Espe ranza and my old nuree to a theatre, a form of entertainment in which Martha especially de lighted. I was not very happy in my choice of a play. Had I taken my protegl to see Jefferson she would have been touohed end delighted. Unluckily I chose another theatre where a burlesque was being played which was just a shade more vulgar than the average burlesque of those days. Esperanza was puzzled and disgusted. I discovered that her love of musio was au exclusive passion. She oared for nothing else in the way of art. I tried her with a picture-gallery, only to find her igno rant aud indifferent. Two things only im pressed her in the whole of the National Gallery—a landscape of Turner's aud a face which recalled hor father's. "My last Sunday before term began was spent almost entirely with Esperanza. I accepted Martha'e invitation to partake of h;r Sunday dinner, and eat at meat with dear old Benjamin for the first time in my life, though I had eaten many a meal with his worthy wife in the days when my legs reached a very little way below the table, and my manners wore in eoro need of the good soul's supervision—happy childish days before governess and lesson-books bad appeared upon the scene; days in whioh -life was one long game of play, interrupted only hy childish ilnesses, which were like bad dreams, troubled and indietinot patches on the fair foreground of ohildish memory. The good Benjamin ate his roast beef in a depreoating spologetio attitude, sitting, I fear uncomfort ably, on the edge of bis chair. Esperanza ate about as muoh solid food as a singing bird might have done; but she looked stronger and in better health than on the night of the ssonoe, and she looked almost happy. After the roast beef and apple-tart, I took her to an afternoon service at St. Paul's, where the organ-musio filled her with raptnre, " 'I shall oome here every Sunday,' she Eaid, as we left the Cathedral. "I entreated ber net to go so far alone, and warned her that the streets of London were j full of danger for youth and inexperience; hut she laughed at my fears, assuring me that she had walked about the meadows and cop yioes round Besbery ever einoe Bhe oould remember, and no harm had ever befallen her, though there were hardly any people about. I told her that in London the people were the danger, and exacted her promise that ehe would never go beyond the immediate neigh bourhood of Great Ormoud- street byhereelf, I grave her permission to walk abont Qnsen'e square, Guildford-etreet, and Mecklenburgh square. The neighbourhood was quiet and respectable. '"Iam bound to obey you.'she answered meekly. 'I owe you Bo much gratitude for your goodness to me.' " I protested against gratitude to me. The only friend to whom she owed anything was my dear old nurse. " I had a great terror of the perilB of the London streets for a girl of ber appearanoe. It was not so much that she was beautiful, but because of a certain strangeness and ex ceptional oharaoter in her beauty which would be likely to attraot attention and arouse curiosity. The dreamy look iu the large violot eyes, the eemi-transpareut pallor whioh sug gested an extreme fragility, the unworldliness of her "whole a'peot were calculated to appeal ^ to the worst instincts of the prowling profli gate. She had an air of helplessness whioh. would invite persecution from the cowardly wretohes who make the streets of a great city jperilous for unprotected innocence. "She was ready to promise anything that would please me. \- *" I do not oare if I never go out,' she said •imply. ' The lady who lives in the drawing ' xaom has a harmonium, and she has told me I may play upon it every day—all day j fong, when she is out ; and she has a great many friends and visits a good deal.' Ob, but you roust go out of doors for your health's sake,'I protested. 'Martha br Benjamin moat go with you,' "'They have no time to go ont of doors1 till after dark, poor thing'! they are so busyjr but they will take me for a walk sometimes of 1 an'evening. I shall make- them go out for ; their own Bakes. You need not feel anxious ] about me; you are too land to think of me atall.' " I oould not help feeling anxious about her.. I felt as if I were responsible for every think that oould assail or hurt her; that every hair of her head was a charge upon my conscience. Her health, her happiness, her talents and tastes and fanoies—it was mine to a&ro; for all these. My proWgdB, Standish oalled her. Iu this farewell walk through the dull . Sun day streets in the . dull October twilight, it seemed as if she were much - more than my protegee — my dearest, most saored oare, the purpose aud the- promise of my life. " To-night we were to Say good-by. We were to have parted at the door in Great Ormond etreet; but, ataudingon the doorstep waiting for the opening of that inexorable door, whioh would swallow her up presently like a tomb, I felt all at onoe that I oould not sacrifice this last evening. Stsndish was dining out. There would only be loneliness and a roast ohioken awaiting me at half-past 7. The ohioken might languish uneaten; the ghostB might have the dull commonplace room; I would finish the evening with Martha's tea and toast, and bear Esperanza sing her favourite .numbers of Handel and Mendelsoshn to the accompaniment of an anoient Stoddart piano, a relio of the school room in my Suffolk home, the piano on whioh my mother took her first music lesson. "It was an evening in Elysium. A baok parlour is sometimes large enough to contain paradise. I did not question my own heart, or analyze my beatifio sensations. I ascribed at least half my happiness to Handel and Mendelssohn, and that feeling of exaltation whioh only sacred musio can produce. There were no anxious questionings in my mind till after I had said good-by to Esperanza—good by—till the third week in December, and had left the house. Those uneasy questionings were inspired by my dear old Martha, who opened the hall door for me, and said gravely ae I shook hande with her— " 1 It would never do, Mr. George. I know what kind of lady your mother is, as well as anybody. It would never do.' " I did nos ask her what it was that would never do; but I oarried a new sGnse of trouhle aud difficulty out into the autumn wind.' 