PORRESPONDBN'OE. THE DEBATE ON GHOSTS. 11 To the Editor. . Sir,— Ixead' with a good dent of intorost, the account of tho dqbutoon ghost" which appeared iu tho Observer of tint 1,'k.i uist ; und was surprised to sou that there was a .najority in favour of 'tho reality of ghods. Uy the word gluist, I take it you moan tli.i disambo'lieil.Hpirit. Permit ino to draw your uttontion to smne points am tho dis oussion whioh appear-to ine to bo.fatal to li . logical argument. Tho Rov.' Mr. MiiutoU favours a ooliof.in : .tho :8upornutural, . and itesthe appearance of the Prophii.t Samuel t Saul. On turning to the iuwouiit' of the visitation we 6nd it thus:—" And Saul said unto her (the witch), what farm is ho ut, lind che said— " An old inan eomnth lip," and Saul percotvqd it was Samuel. 1 N>.r, ;the thing cl object to! is. this timutlo. I could hnd it beliovablo, or rathor, con oeivubie, that thoduombodiwl spirit should appear, but I objeot most strongly to the mantlo.ns i; necessitates a beliof that iuaui- inuto objects have a soul as well us tlio man Can anyone carry his funaticisin and su- psrstilim sii far as to say that ho can bo in actual p. >SRosaioii of an, inanimate objoot, anil yet it could appear in another' place .ut the same time. . Mr." Mnntoll is, of eourso,' scionljst onough to know that the only way in wuch we;;can boeoino - cognizant of ail object is from tho light waves from this object striking npbn tho retina of ,the oyo, and light. cau onlv bo seen at the samati'uiH nnd broiight iiitouotunl use by the ghost, tho; sunposcit apparition using the" hist coat or tho last hat he had worn iu lifo to shield his iiiiinatorinl bedy from the effects of tho cold. To affoct this he had availed hiinsolf of the disombodied spirit of his old coat, which wns floating around somowharo. Tho Prophet Samuel seems to have done this vrith his mantle. .1 . It seems to be the genoraliy nccoptoil be lief that the ghost or spirit appeals in the ebnpe of the holly. I think 1 could believe this, if it nppourod nude. But I cannot n tho sapeniatural appearance of a coat or uiantlo, anil for tho eutno ruasnn I refuse to tieliovo in eithor. If this bs tho caso what happens to the spirit in tho caso of an am putation of an arm or a log. Is tho spiri tual leg savored by tho surgeon's knife, or docs it oxist minus a log or un arm, or par- haps it gains possession of the soverod part whon it is flood from tlio body and niiiis it on with gltio. How can anv man distin guish botwom mental hallucination and truo apparitions ? To my way of thinking such a thing is iiiipossiblo. I would Iika to make some furthor romat lcs but I four I nin trespassing too much on your valuable spaco, so I bog to subscribo myself, yours trulv. SATIS VElWOliUM. . 