Chapter XIV.'—A Young Man's Love. The next' morning at breakfast, - when .Mr. Seton made some allusion to .their dining at Lilbank in the evening.-he added, looking at -Nell— ' ' "You will .think it a; very pretty place I expect, Mi^'FraSerx'- it is, most picturesquely situated." Nell slightly colored and then said quietly— " If you do not mind, Mr. Seton, I should rather not go; you see I do not know the lady." '"But you go as our guest, Miss Eraser," answered Mr. Setoh,'surprised. "I should rather not - go, please," said Nell, looking down. " It is a great boredining out in the country, with the long drive there and baok," now re marked Godfrey Seton; "I will make some excuse too." ' "Why, Godfrey, the party was made for you; made -that you might meet your old Indian friend: I do not see how you can refuse." - " Oh ! do1 go, Godfrey," begged Olive. Godfrey's , face colored and. he moved un easily'as he'listened to his uncle's and cousin's words! — "I 'should rather not," he said half im patiently"; "but I suppose if I must go I must. You had better go too, Miss Fraser ?" he added. But Nell'shook her head. Mr. Seton felt disappointed, though' he' would scarcely admit this feeling to himself. "It will be dull for you all alone the whole evening," he said, looking at Nell. , "Oh,-no," she answered, and'she smiled;' and Godfrey too looked ': at her and pondered what excuse he could find to remain "the whole evening" at Northesk. I Suddenly an idea struck him and he acted on it. "I think.I will'ride" over and eee jrpang Hayward this morning," he said; addressing his uncle; " the lad, I. suppose, will expect me to call, as I helped to nurse him through his fever. " It's a stiffish ride when you have the drive too in the' evening to Lilbank before you," replied Mr." Seton. ... "I feel in the humor for a long ride," answered Godfrey,. "Be sure you are baok, in time to dress for dinner, then," said Olive a little anxiously. "I shall be back in plenty of time.' May I ride Tomboy, uncle ?" "Of Course; you may take your piok of the stables and Tomboy has plenty of go in him; Byt it's a good ton miles' ride to Oolonel Hay ward's." "That's all right," said Godfrey; and half ah hour later he started on his visit to a young fellow in his own regiment, who was at home on siok Joave, from India. Olive Beamed a little restless after he was gone,. Then phe suddenly proposed to Nell that they should go down to the lodge and.enr quire after the'dead keeper's widow, "My father toys be has to be buried to morrow, so we oouid not go than j and I feel that she will think it unkind unless we go to day." Yes, I thiqk we ought to go," answered Nell. : " She js sure tq wish to talk to yen, as you were with her peep husband when he died. I ? " And so do I; and. tlift poor-little bovj.it is all so sad."_ : After this the two girls spent sohie time, in arranging everything that they thought riyoukl be useful or acceptable to "the unforturiate woman. ..-.And as they did: this- Nell said softly—-'" ; - . - ' • ■ ' -T'--... ' ''And if Imay, Olive, I should like to take some white flowers, to place near ninipas I saw him die." ' " : . ; '-'Oh ! how dear of you to thirikof it;" 'cried Olive. "Yes, let us go and cut tli'e very best we can; your kind thoughtfulness iS' sure'to ; please Mrs. Martin." .... ,*'.. . . They went into the conservatory together and gathered some beautiful white"flowers, which . Nell's supple fingers soon formed into a "cross. They took some flowers also to. place around, the dead keeper and then started for the lodge, where he lay in his last sleep. They were both moved as they approached the pretty] trellised dwelling-place' with' roses ! and jasmine, falling over the windows with the drawn blinds: The door .was slightly ajar and Olive rapped softly, and in answer to- her summons a woman appeared," who ciirtesied when she saw the two girls'. " We came, to<ask after -Mrs. Martin.. Can we see her!" said Olive, in a low tone. . "She's as bad as bad can be, -Miss .Seton," answered the woman.' "You see her man has to be'carried away to-morrow and she's just nigh distraught." '' , ! "I am so very, very sorry,"' replied Olive, almost in a whisper ; "we have brought some things—some flowers " But at this' moment there advanced to the door of the darkened lodge a figure so tragic that both Olive and .Nell half started. — It was Mrs. Martin ; her striking face grey tinted- and drawn and her hair dishevelled. But it was her dark sunken eyes,;wild with miseiy and despair, that startled the two girls. As she came forward she put up a worn hand to shade her face from the sunshine, and then she said in a liarsh voice— " Who is it, Mrs. Peter's ? -1 can have no one here—his last day at home." . s:- . "It's the young ladies from the hall," answered Mrs. Peters, who was one of ;lier neighbors, _ ' - ' Then Mrs. Martin looked at Olive and Nell with her despairing eyes, v . : "We have brought some flowers," repeated Olive gently; "Miss Eraser wished to bring them-r—" "Is she the young lady then who saw him die?" now. asked Sirs. Martin, fixing her eyes j on Nell. " Who was with him when' he drew j his last breath ?" "Yes, Mrs. Martin," said Nell pitifully.; "And yet ye refused-at' the coroner's 'quest to swear to the man who killed him? To his murderer • who passed ye in the. wood ?" con tinued Mrs. Martin accusingly. ?' ' I could not swear to him," answered' Nell bravely; "a man passed me, but I did not see his face except for a moment. I would not know him again." . .. , "It. was his murderer,.and you know it!" said .Mrs. Martin harshly.-! .".Him that's killed the best man that ever lived—that's broke my heart. Oft, Martin ! Martin.!" She burst here into a sort of spasm,of con vulsive cries; the muscles of her throat: strain ing painfully, but,no tears came to relieve her burning eyes. . ' ' " • "Oh, hush, hush, Mrs. Martin," said Olive, trying to take her work-worn hand. ' "Yemust bow to the Lord's will, dearie," suggested Mrs. Peters with a groan • "Why did He take him then?-- -Whathadl he done?" asked the bpreaved woman fiercely. '' There's ' enough' that's • * weary" and sad ■; enough that's ready to go, but hot iny man, my maiv i-t"' Her grief was heartrending * and over whelming. . In vain Olive; tried to sooth her and Mrs. Peters entreat her ' to be still; -. At last, however, she once more fixed her sunken eyes on Nell. _ % '-'Ye were with hini when he died? What were his last words ?" she asked. " He said " began Nell falterin'gly and then her own eyes filled with tears. " What did he say ?" " He—he spoke of his son ; he said—"The little lad; the poor little lad," answered Nell with emotion. . '. : " " The wohian listened and a, strange change crept over her haggard face. ' . ' " . " He said ' the little lad; the poor little lad,'" she murmured almost below her breath ; "and I—I have never thought of the. bairn !" ■ "Where is he? Where is .Jack?" asked Nell with quick instinct, turning to Mrs. Peters. "Let me bring the' child to. its mother.'! , . ;' "The puir laddie's lying down in the inner room," answered Mrs. Peters. "He's ailing; he grieved eair about his father, too," -Without another word Nell went into the I inner room and on a little bed lav the deformed, | child, looking very sickly and ill. \-- "Jack, come with me to your mother," said I Nell, going up to the bed and lifting hiin up; "you must try to comfort your poor mother, Jack." . ' ' , ' "She takes na heed 6' me," answered the | boy,, "since father's dead," " But you must love her. more, to make up for the loss, of your poor father, Jack—lie died thinking of you—his last words were of you." Jack fixed his large, serious eyes on Nell's1 face, as if trying, to -understand her meaning, but fie got up, and Nell, after putting a. shawi round him, led .hint to where his mother now sat rocking herself to and fro with her. apron, thown over her face.- - -V, . : " Here is your little boy, Mrs. Martin," said Nell; "you must be both father and mother to him now, you know." ... . Mrs. Martin thrust her apron aside , and caught the boy at her breast. . "My bairn! -my bairn,.!" she cried; "iny poor fatherless bairn!" And suddenly the hard dry eyes filled with tears and the woman fell sobbing on her knees by the.child and laid her head on bis neck. "My. lad, my lad, my.poor little lad," she kept murmuring; and then after a'while she lifted him in her arms and carried him back to bed. "I must mind him," she said, and so bore him away, and when they followed her she was placing-him in bed and shaking his pillow. " Give him some of the jelly, and fruit we have brought, Mrs. Martin," said Oiive; and, ^Irs. Martin did'so. . • - - They left her. sitting by the boy's bedside; but before .they quitted the lodge Mrs.'Peters drewrtliem into another. room, where-the dead! keeper lay in the strange grand, dignity of death. The mair had a fine rugged face', brown bearded, and_ with a certain nobleness of ex pression, which had deepened in his unbroken sleep. "Nell stood looking<at.him'in silent awe, and then, still silently,-placed the .white cross she had brought erect immediately above, his head. . ;• - • • "That will please licr, miss," said Mrs. Peters. "She thinks naught's .too gude; for him." ._ .'. , Neither Nell nor Olive spoke. They stood a few moments, gave, one lastiopk .at the. dead . —3 Tho man, and then turned -noiselesly awav.. sight had impressed them-both) and they were | very quiet and subdued as they'returned to the hall. * And when they arrived .there they met Mr. Seton, looking anything but pleased. "Here's a note from Godfrey," he-said. " He's sent a lad over with it from - Colonel I Hayward's to say he cannot go to-night to dine at Lilbank as he's promised to stay and dine at- the Hayward's. -1 think it is very' shabby behavior of him when the party was just made up by theFenwickes for thaflndiah widow friend of his." : Olive said nothing. She grew pale and'after a moment or two quietly left .the room. "You see Olive's quite vexed about it," con tinued Mr. Seton; "it's too bad of Godfrey." "Perhaps his ypung: friend is worse," said Nell.' ' "Don't beliove that's -his motive; my opinion is that the Indian widow, Mrs. Fan snawe, is an old flame of his and I suppose he's tired of her. ' Not a bad looking woman, though, was she ?" ■ "Idid not-like her face much." "Nor I-for that matter; but all the same she is good looking. I fear Master Godfrey has been a bad boy and made love to her some time or other." - And Mr, Seton laughed; This speeoh somehow jarred on Nell's' ears, but she naturally did hot shdiv this. She told Mr. Seton .about their visit to the lodge and in a moment he was 'all kindly sympathy. "I am glad you both went," he said. ''Poor woman, sne has had a terrjble blow." " She,seemed quite in despair at first.?' ' ' "So she is; I am going to attend poor Martin's funeral to-morrow and after that we must see'what we can do for her"' v. He made no allusion to' Nell's evidence at the coroner's inquest "during this interview; indeed seemed to fiave forgotten'it/ but he had not.. He liked Nell, however, too well to risk any quarrel with her and' Nell felt grateful to him for,his forbearance.^ Olive did'not return to them for nearly an hour, arid Mr.' Seton stayed with Nell and chatted pleasantly all the while, When Olive did come! b'aok she was very pale, but still said nothing about Godfrey having disappointed them, She poured .out afternoon tea for Jier. father and'■ then again asked Nell if she would not go with' them* to Lilbank.. !•-' \- ":I should really-rather not go," answered Nell. . - "Yoii must do as you like, of course; but it will be so dull-'for you dining alone," said Olive. " ' """ ■" " If you don't mind," replied Nell, smiling, "should rather not dine! I (should rather have hjgh tea and I am sure Mrs. Avery wilj give me something substantial to it" -- "You shall have whatever you like," .said Olive, with a little laugh and Sir. Setpij also laughed.;, • ■'' "What a funny girl you are'," ha laid,.look ing at her good-naturadlv. "You wont go to a grand dinner at Lilbank, for the. Fen \yickea do give really, good dirmers, and yon won't have dinner at home, However, order what yon like and at leatt don't starve," .« " I do not think I could manage that in"tliis house," answered- Nell- pleasantlyy'ahd then Sir. Seton retired.to hayo a smoke before be dressed for dinner and after a while Olive TYtmf to h« wp ree.^fmrthe wma And when the time arrived for them to j start dn their drive to. Lilbsnkshe came down stairs looking, veiy pretty/.'. She.was dressed in | pale blue silk trimmed with ' cream lace, and it became her lovely complexion admirably, and Mr. Seton looked at her with fond pride. . "Well, you are. a. swell) niy little girl," lie. said. " I think," lie added, turning to Nell with a laugh, "she wants to show Godfrey's Indian sweetheart that there is nothing like the English lilies and roses after all." "Why do you. call- that lady -Godfrey's Indian sweetheart, father ?" asked Olive quickly, and .the roses deepened on her smooth, cheeks. • ."I thought she seemed to wish to take possession of hint," answered Mr. Seton; "and my opinion is.that Godfrey is showing the white feather in not going with us to-dav\ But come along," Olive, we haven't over much time, and mind you take care of yourself, Miss Eraser, until we come back." He nodded and drew Olive's arm through his and led her to the carriage, and Nell Eraser was alone. She rose somewhat rest lessly after'they were gone; and went to one of the windows of the room and stood there look ing out at the waving. trees, and as she did so she sighed. She was thinking of Godfrey Seton and wondering if there was any truth, in Mr. Seton's light words about the Indian widow;. " But what is it to me," she reflected, " it is nothing to me," and again she sighed. Then she took up a novel and tried to read, but still her thoughts stole away. She could not concentrate them on her book ; they went wandering back always to the old theme, Then the, "high . tea" she had asked for appea red and N ell,-sat down to-her solitary meal. After this was oyer she again went to the window, and then tying her hankerchief under her chin she went out into the grounds. It was about 8 o'clock now and on the luminous western sky a gre^ baiik of dark] clouds lay, with feathery cloudlets sailing from the mass. Nell, looked upwards dreamingly and the poetic instincts of her soul soared as she stood watching the. drifting vapors. The up-yonder seemed so wondrous; the mysteries here more'-.wondrous still. The vague longings —the .creators of faiths—swept over her as they have, sweptover thousands and untold thousands of restless.hearts. "If we .only knew* more ; only more 1" she murmured ■ half . aloud, still looking at tlio sky. -But suddenly her face flushed and her heart beat fast. A sort of thrill crept over her and the next inoment she .heard a footstep on the grass. - • She knew almost before she saw him that Godfrey Seton was approaching Iher. And when she did see. him a strange agitation and nervousness seemed to seize Jier. But Godfrey, came forward smilingly and took off .his cap.' . • Are you s.utprised.to see,me?" he said. ".Yes, I am;rather," answered Nell, with downcast.eyes. ~ " Well, to tell the truth, I went away only 'because'! intended to come back.' I wished to. see you—when .the otliers were away." Nell did not speak; her breath came short; her heart beat faster. . "I. am going' to. ask you something," con tinued."..Godfrey, with his eyes fixed on her changing face;'"andyoiVmust not think me: too bold." - ... ,v - "Oh, no," said Nell, still without looking , up. " Can you guess what that something is ?" Nell's lip3 moved, but no.word came forth. "It is this," said Godfrey-.- "Among -the vague theories that from; time to time have Eass'ed through my brain'is one that in -you I ; elieve to "be realised." ...You have heard of' twin souls, have you not.; souls born with: Strange ties to each other, strange affinities?" ' •Still Nell was silent.' " When. I saw you I seemed to have found I mine," went on Godfrey; "I seemed to under stand. your thoughts and I know you under-1 stand mine. You di'scove discovered what, I have told no one, that I liave written more than one; book; and you know now, Nell, what I feel to you—tell me if this riot so ?" He bent forward and took her hand as he' spoke.and drew ft/gently through his arm. ' "Tell me," he said, bending his good-look ing face nearer to hers, "if you do not know that I love you;, if you do not know that I' have come back to- night to ask; you for your love?" .; •" Oh, no, no, Major Seton, you must not say that!" answered .Nell in a haff- frightened tone.. "I—-I am your friend—I wish always to be your friend—but. we rmust • not think of any thing else." . -"But why?" ...I There are reasons, many reasons " - ."But you do.not dislike me?" interrupted I Godfrey as Nell paused and hesitated. ".Indeed* I do-not,"answeredNell earnestly. "I like j'ou"better—well, I will, tell you the truth—better., than anyone I have ever known. I—I. feel, too,, that you understand nre and. that : I partly,; at least, understand your thoughts. But for all that——" ' " What/are fhe,reasons .that part us, Nell ?" "Something," said Nell arid' sfie put a ffemblintf hand "over her' face something, that wo cannot- get over. It is wicked even,' I suppose, for ihe to like to hear you sajT that you.Care for hie'; but for all that I'do like to" near it and- to think it, too. Major Seton," aftcfsh'e looked straight bp'with her 'grey eyes into his face, "will you trust me? TwUlbe.a true friend to* you always; the truest friend; a'tnaii ever had—more I Cannot be—but Twill be "that." ' ' ' She put her hand into: his' and stood there, looking at him'with her steadfast eves and as j she did so Godfrey Seton seemed to read lier soul. ' ' ; '• "It is something real and great then," he! said, in a low tone of pain; "something- that we cannot get over ?" '"Yes," answered Nell, with quivering lips. : "But how can that be ?' wen.t_ on Godfrey, still looking oh. Her face and holding her hand, fast in his. " You a youhg girl—pure and in-: nocent—what jjasfc can you have to part us ?" ^ " Yet I havh.one," said Nell"; "a past not disgraceful; not shameful, yet one that'parts me from you." I. could trust you—but-—" "Trust me.Jand you will find me not un worthy of your .trust." .*•' "I know that: Iamaure of it—and yet— "Nell, trust me!". ■' Nell paused and hesitated. . "If—if.you really like me," she said, "it is;| but right that you should know." : , -"I.do really like.you, Nell; I dike you as a, man likes que woman in his.life.; I came back to-night'to" gsk .you to .he; my wife and to tell you al'sb of a great-folly—nay, worse than folly' —of my own. "You mean " "Never mind just mow what I mean;'! .want to. hear your, story first and to know if the reason you speak of. is as real to me" as it seems to you." . ' -. , " It is real, but to-night let it rest; I will tell you—ves, I promise—but to- night, oh! let us not talk of anything painful or sad !" •"Yery well; let us be happy to-night and leave the ghosts of the past behind us. Tell me what .were you thinking of, Nell, when I came back and startled you ? Nell looked up half smilingly in hisface. "I can scarcely tell," she said; "I was watching'the drifting clouds; all sorts of vague fancies .were passing through my mind." . And .through mine, too, as I rode bacl., Nell, how like we are—only " . "Do not speak of any difference between us,. But let ns go down to the waterfall; there is still light enough for that." - \- So the two went together and stood watch ing the water falling, falling on its ceaseless flight. And presently the stars came out one by one and shone down on the darkening world. . - ' - .;• "Which is ours?"6oid Godfrey, looking up at the luminous sky, ■" the star where we lived together long ago ? Nell sighed softly. "It looks very peaceful up there," shel answered- wistfully,' " far .away from Ihe | troubles and worries hero." ; (To he continued.) 