SHROUDED IN MYSTERY OR WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY! BY SKIFF BOKLABE. _ Author of "For True Love's Sals»,""Threa Lovely Women,"" Darker than Death,""An Ocean Secret," "Recalled to Life," " Richea to Ruin," "Who killed John CamercnT- " The Polioa Minister," &e.; CHAPTER E. THC ESCAPE FBOH CLEGG HALL—V/BAf HAPPENED Hi THE CBOBND6. Lady Howarth found Lucy's bedroom door looked, but as the key was outside that mattered very little, and in another minute ehe was standing by her bedside and whiipering in her ear in order to awake her withont any Bhook. Lucy's first exolamatioa on awaking was, " Oh, beautiful step-mamma, you luva then oome to me as you promised," but Lady Howarth made answer, "I've oome to you, Luoy, to ask you to get up and take a walk with me, and to do ao at once." "To take • walk in the middle of the night?" , . , "No dear, very esrly in the morning, in ordpr to see the sun rise. Behold how red his rays are already." The faot was the light from the conflagration from the North Wing at that instant filled the ohamber with a roty glow, revealing everything that was therain die'tinctly, and by it Luojr at once perceived, in part, the condition that her step-mother was in. "Oh," she cried ecstatically, "you have still your pretty dress on, or rather nearly off, and you look more lovely than ever." *' The red snn is a flatterer then, dear," sighad Ruth ; and ehe went hurriedly to Luoy's oupboard, opened it, and taking out a lo ae oloak hastily threw it over her ehoul< ders and fastened it adown the front. Then, turning again towards the girl—who by this time was ont of bed—she said " Drens quiokly, dear, and never mind how you put on your things, for no one will me as, and I want to give yon a treat." Tbe crazed girl obeyed her instinctively; but her patting on her olothes did not keep paoe with Lady Howarth's impatience, «o she. thrust her bare arms out of . the armholes in the aide* of the oloak and actively auicted her. The 6ager haste almost terrified and wholly puszled Luoy, who, however, readily yielded to it. Patting on her hat and outdoor jacket last of all, she took her by the hand and led her out of the bedroom into the gallery. " What is that odd sound and this strange smell ? My eyes smart, and there seams to be something happening to that door,"exolaimed Lucy, pointing to the one of the north wing. Lady Howarth glanoed towards it, and perceived that the paint was blistering into bubble* whioh were bunting with A sttooeuioB of " pops." A lithe ourl of flame* was alio shooting through the keyhole like an adder's tongne, and puffs of white smoke were inning from underneath. "It'* nothing;, dear," said Bath, who liad a vague kind of notion that it was dangerous for Luoy to be agitated or exoited, ana ta gently tigbtening her hold on her hand she got her downstairs and into tbe great hall. Here Parson Bellos cams ctaogering out of the dining-room with hi* wig all awry and eucking vigorously away at tiie stem of a tobacco pipe whose bowl wae gone. " Bad example—demoted bad example, thi* hard dr-drinking, and profane swearing—dem it, I can't oouut'nanoe it any longer, a disgrace to my cloth," he was stammering as he lurched about. Then suddenly peroeiving Huth and Lucy, he straightened himself up by a great efiort, and pzolaimed with the gravity of an owl, "Going to take walk to get appetite for breakfast, ladies 1 Good thing, breakfast—io its way—and when not taken too close upon supper." "Oh, sir," whispered Lady Howarth in his ear, " The hall is on fire—warn them all. I dare not leave Luoy. Give the alarm instantly, you—The hall is on firt>, I say." " Jhust so, my iady, very good. Felt chilly, sbuppnse. Cheerful thing, good fire, when cut walking specially—jus' so—yes," blandly replied the parson. Then he sat down on the Goer, rested his head against a column, took oft his cauliflower wis, laid it inverted on his lap, and seemed to. be preparing himself for the worst. At this moment a tremendous ohorus came from the dining-room, and at the same moment a, footman issued forth therefrom,, carrying a great hamper full of empty bottles. William,"said Lady Howarth,recognising him, and glad to perceive that he at all event* was sober, " The ball is in flames. In a very few seconds BOW, the conflagration must reach the gallery. Warn them all instantly cf their danger, and tell Sir Harry that I and Mis* Luoy are safe at the lodge. Be sure and say that." And having said it herself she drew Lucy on again, for neither did she desire to faoe Sir Harry whilst all her recent terrible memories were so freeh upon her, nor did ehe wish his daughter to look np6n him in the degraded condition that be wonld be sure to be in. Lucy made no reBistanoe, and her stepmother opening the front door, they wer& soon hurrying through the grounds, Rutn using every endeavour to keep Luoy's gaze fixed in front of them, eo that she should not be terrified by the now awfnl aspect of the conflagration. If ehe could only get her unresistingly along as far as the lodge at the Clegg Hall-lace entrance to the estate, ehe would leave her there she thought, and return to the honse to learn how matters were going on. Meanwhile the girl had drawn Ruth's bare arm out of the arm bole of the sleeveless oloak, and with ber oheek laid lovingly against it, and her hand thrust np within the orifice and resting on the soft emooth ehonlder, she walked tranquilly on as though her contact with the beautifnl limb exeroised a soothing spell over her. Suddenly, however, her fingers felt something that caused ber to thrill. She came to a full stop, bared Rnth's arm entirely, beheld, by the red lieht whioh the oonfiagration threw even to that distance, the strange brand or burn that was thereon, aud instantly shrieked ont " You are a wehr-wolf, acd have brought me here to devour me! Dame Dorothy told me the truth about you,'' and wrenching her hand out of her preserver's, she ran away, shrieking as she went. Ruth, of course, instantly darted after her, not knowing what terrible thing might happen to tbe poor giil if she got away from ber. But che had not taken half a dozen steps wh-n a couple of hands were laid on, her shoulders, twisting her ronnd nntil she faced a tall man in a cocked hat and a long cloak, who wore a black half-mask upon his face, and exclaimed merrily— " Where are ycu going to, my pretty maid ? Along with your husband, I'm afraid ! ''Pon my honour this is kind of you, ooming to me instead of obliging me to come to yen. And did you set fire to the oid ghost roost? and will yon be glad to return to the comforts and joys of civilization? Eood, the flames are a* bright as a Marland banner on Rushbertring Sunday, and will light us far on our way." Then on bin removing bi* mask and revealing his face, Ruth disoovered that she was onoe again in tbe power of Haloamna Greenwood. 