CHAPTER V.-AFTER MANY i.: 'YEARS. T'he occasion was a pic-nic; the time earlier in the century, before it had grown aged and sorrowful under the burden of heavy bank failures and mis calculated balances. If the time be not specified prticularly enough, it may be added that the time was iunmn tim?. The place was a miniature cove, a TIlle or two out of Geelong, which the high tide was not high enough to reach unless it gave a spring and leaped at the Imnou in a more than usually luna tic condition ; and the people Bfut the people must not be approach ed lightly. as if they were on the same flat level as that of ordinary mortals. .rith no tlpplshn?ss about them. '.'thi ,vas no vulgar plebelan plcn:c, wherein the children play games and' the grown people laugh aloud at one another's ,witticisms without restraining criti cisms ; the remains of which are trace able in greasy sandwich papers and empty vessels of modern form labelled "'Bads" or "Guinness." 'At this picnic were no children; in itead, there were some twenty-five F'youngladles" varying in age from ten Sto twenty-three years. And there was certainly no loud laughter; if there had been, the prin lipal of the school-for it was a school picnic-would perhaps have sunk life less upon the golden sand, her spirit having winged its way to some ethereal rcgion where unconventionality is not. Conventionality is one of society's greatest safeguards ; nevertheless, it's quality should not be strained ; when it is it becomes ridiculous; but the prin cipal of the school was not aware of this. The principal of the school was dres .ed in narrow green flounces suitable to ter delicately fair complexion and hair. She was not narrow; she could not have been, for she frequently told her pupils how high-minded she was, and some of them believed it. Not all of them, however. Gay Fur nell, dux of the school-some people called her darling instead of dux- Gay Furnell did not believe in her alto gether. She only pitied her, and laugh ed at her a little. The principal of the school, Miss Ho noria Catterwall- reverently let tile name be spoken-had been known to gay in confidence that she was aged thirty. She forgot to add the other twenty; but then arithmetic was one of her weak subjects. The principal of a rival academy had been known to 143) say that all:her subjects were so-weak that they had never yet.been sees or heard; but this was mere professional jealousy, of course. At all events, she was old enough to feel sentimentally sad upon the subject of her single blessedness, and to wish it were otherwise. Her rival said it was a blessing for some single gentleman that it was not otherwise. If her rival had been at that picnic she would have declared thatshe was setting her hat-she did not wear a cap -at one of the single gentlemen pre sent. He was silver-haired, tall and slender, and he carried hnmself with martial erectness; he was near- sighted also, and at least sixty years of age. He had been a soldier, and in fact was an old soldier still. His features were clear cut, although somewhat ir regular, and his noble-looking head ap peared amply furnished within.. If his sight were near, it was yet keen enough to discern many things that sharper-sighted people did not see. Men of his age and kind are often spoken of by their juniors either as a "dear old creature," "an old fossil," or "that horrid old fogey." lie was the first, with.something of the second, but nothing at all of the third. The luncheon had reached the freest and easiest stage permissible to a gathering of human beings of lofty as pirations, chiefly feminine. The 'lrls, pardon ! young ladies, had left off look Ing frightened for fear they might smile or laugh, and were, in some daring in stances, actually on tile way towards conmmitting one of those atrocious crimes. Tile gentlemen-more select than nu merous, for there were but three- were recovering from the overllowering in-' fluence of thile prismatic green- flounced propriety wlho headed the feast, and, en livened by claret, remembered that they were creation's lords, and took courage to heoome punny and jocular in a high ly polished and suitable manner, so that tile picnic was really going off very vell, except that one of the younger lItlles was suddenly attacked with a degrading fit of giggles, whom it lie-' c me necessary to revive with smelling sa:tlts and a l tss o: water. which made her worse; and tile ,lri;.c;pal was con ocrslng in sliw. gelntle tnLes with Call tain Furnell, the old s, Idier, while the ri mainder of tile colllpany chatted in gro'ups of twos and threes, "The girl's conduct has been a great trouble to me," Miss Caterwall was say ing. " If she had stayed with me for a few years longer I should not have minded so much; but to leave me in that heartless way when I was becom ing really attached to her ! I know it is foolish to feel any regard for workpeople; they are so disappointingly ungrateful. But, then, I have such a clinging nature." "Who has been ill-treating 'Miss Caterwvall?" asked Royal Boomeraft, sotto voce, of Gay Furnell. ".Mary, tile parlor maid !" Gay an swered. "Mary says that as .Miss Caterwall will not give her the rise of wages she promised her that she may as well marry the butcher." "She must be a courageous young woman to marry such a sanguinary cilaracter." The speaker was a tall, very hand some young man of about twenty-two years. He had regular Grecian features, an olive complexion, keen, dark eyes, very white, even teeth, which he was fond of showing,, and glossy, wavy hair. With his shine of hair, teeth, and eyes, he looked all glitter, especially when he was speaking, for he had an animated, decisive manner,which would have seemed a trifle overbearing but that he counteracted it with a smile,. Which he intended to be winning, and which many people found captivating. Noting his handsome face, and strong figure instinct with manly grace, his mellow tones, and bright conversational powers, it was easy to understand that his title- that-of the-" Lady -Killer " was an appropriate one. Few women could resist his fascina tions when he chose to exercise them; and the few were those who required niore than mere external beauty in their ideals. :He was trying the best he knew to render himself attractive to Gay Fur nell, for he had a strong liking for the fortune she was likely to inherit, as well as a decided regard for the young lady herself, the latter a regard being the lesser; for he loved money. Gay was Captain Furnell's ward and heiress. She was that orphan child of the former friend of his who had saved his life in the Elephanta Caves, - and lost his own in doing so. Gay was doubly dear to him; was, indeed, almost the idol of his life. Sihe was a blue-eyed, delicate-looking girl, with fair hair, which crisped, and curled, and waved, and did everything possible to hair except lie straight. Her expression was gentle,, vivacious, and sweet; her figure slender and girlish, and her movements unstudiedly graceful, so that she looked a fitting and well-matched companion to the handsome Royal Boomeraft, who sat beside her now, watching the play of light and shadow upon her beautiful face from the waving greenery of the bank of trees above them, with more' than a passing interest. "I must get her promise to-day," he said to himself. "This is no time to play fast and loose. Not that Went-' worth has the ghost of a chance, what ever he may think about IL" Frank Wentworth, the quiet-looking man, the third gentleman of the party, had glanced once or twice at Royal, whom he knew slightly, and more than otlice or twice at Gay, whom'he would I have liked to know better-well enough to call sweetheart, and wife, in fact; and then became converted to - his rival's opinion-that when Royal was in Miss Gay's company, Frank Wentworth was not worth looking at. He resigned hlimself to the inevitable, and gave himself up to the easy and pleasant task of amusing the younger girls, some dozen of whom and himself went oft presently upon an exploring expedition, while Royal and Gay mounted" the grass-clothed bank near by for the purpose of looking at the vlew~ *as Royal mentioned expressly, anid dIlss Caterwall went Into senti m'ental agonlesiover a bone that the Incoming tide had carrled--to.the feet of the party. 'Where lies the shipwrecked mariner now of whom this sad relloonce formed part?" she asked in deep sadness of the winds and waves. * As those elements did not reply, tlhe aigust lady leaned back and gazed into vacancy with wrapt earnestness. Her pupils watched her with absorbed Interest. They knew what was occur ring-she was going to make some poetry. They had witnessed her do It before. Meantime Captain Furnell took up the bone, one glance at which assured him that it was tile phalange of a horse, or perhaps of that humbler beast of burden, the donkey, and poised it in his hand thoughtfully. He was thinking of Gay, and of Royal, his grandson; thinking anxiously that his grandson hlad a plan to rob him of his ward. Presently Miss Caterwall finishled writing In her note-book, and closed her eyes with an air of exhausted relief. "Oh, do read it to us, dear Miss Caterwvall ! Now, please do!" arose in a chorus of young ladies' voices. "Oh, now, please! Your poetry Is so beauti ful !" "My loves I Pray spare me! I could ndt do so, really-in Captain Furnell's hearing, at all events." "Then I will read it, instead," said Captain Furnell, possessing himself of the scrap of paper gallantly, for he saw that this was exactly what Miss Cater. wall wished him to do. "But do you really think that it is part of a drowned sailor, Captain?" asked the youngest lady. "No; my dear, I think it Is part of a horse's foot or of a dog's; itis certainly no human relic." - "How terrible the bed of the ocean must appear with the remains of the drowned people!" shuddered another very erudite young lady. "Impossible," Captain Furnell, an swered, with a smile; "the great den sity of deep sea water reduces all sub stances (human remains and all other) to atomic conditions, as deep sea sound ings have proved." "But do read the poetry," the chorus reiterated. Thus reminded of the sacred leaf he held in his hand, Captain Furnell read as follows : "Frail, mortal relic of the dead, Calm lying on the ocean bed Ten thousand fathoms deep. What mermen's legends could'st thou tell, Coull'st thou but stand alive and well, Wakened from thy long sleep ?" And so on through two more stanzar, each deeper than the last. "Poetical language is allowed a little licence," you knoW, Captain," Miss Caterwall simpered, after the eulo glsms of the young ladies had sub sided. "Quite so, madam; the verses show great depth, if you will allow me to spy so," Captain Furnell answered, re ferring to the ten thousand fathoms, and privately wondering whether turn ing fact into unfact was the rhymester's privilege and licence. ?He would have hin,self liked to take an elderly gentleman's licence in the form of a siesta, for the air was still, calm and warm, and verse-reading has a soporific tendency,but "if you will pre sent yourself at picnics, you must be as youthful as you can, old friend," he said to himself, acting upon which in ward prompting he escorted ,Miss Caterwall on her way to join the juni ors of the party, listening the while to her inane efforts to be sprightly and in tellectual in her talk with praiseworthy patience. Meanwhile his grandson was upon the cliff above, looking at the view of Gay's blue eyes, and not finding quite what he hoped to see therein. " Why did you not bring Lina to day?" Gay was asking. "I could not persuade her to it. She had appointed to be at a spiritualistic seance this afternoon. All her spare enthusiasm is given to the investiga tion of spiritualism lately, much to the exclusion of mundane enjoyments. "I shall certainly ask to go, too, when I come home." "When does that happy event take place?" "In a month from now-at midsum mer." "It has been simple barbarity to the Captain to keep you at school so long. Do you not think so?" "Nu, I do not. Barbarians do not send their wards to school at all. My guardian is incapable of barbarity. "Where you are concerned, I know," said Royal, rather bitterly. Gay felt the change in his tone, and became serious. "Dear Royal, it is not my fault," she said, in a timidly protesting way. "If I could have my way you and Lina should be first with and everything to him." "I know, dear, and if you only will you can be the means of causing a per feet re-union between grandfather and myself." Here he took her hand and placed it within his arm caressingly, "but if you are going to marry that Wentworth fellow -" "Dear me, Royal ! You talk as if I were the clergyman licensed to marry. If I were do you know upon whom I would perform the ceremony first?" "Miss Caterwall, I suppose, and quite time." "No; you and Lina. The arrange ment would be so charmingly suitable; everybody says so." "I suppose then that Lina and I are nobodies, for neither of us says so. Lsna will always be what she 'always has been to me-as a sister-nothing more." "And she so beautiful and so clever ! You show a wonderful absence of good taste, Royal." "No, dear, for it is you whom I wish to have for a wife ; you before all other women in- the world." "Gay, you know, you must know my mind and heart ; you must have kndwn it this long time, must have seen that my heart is yours entirely." "Do not say me -nay! Think, too, that our marriage would be the most ef fectual meansofreconciling grandfather and myself-not that I want his pro perty. I do not need it, having plenty of my own. And, then, I love you, Gay, dearest. Come, look up, andgive me the answer I shall so greatly rejoice to hear. I want my old playfellow for my wife." He took her other hand and looked down at her with well simulated an xiety. In reality he could not conceive the possibility of Gay ,or any other young lady refusing Royal Boomcraft; and his thoughts passed complacently on to rest for a few moments upon the contemplation of those additional thou sands of pounds which would be in his keeping when Gay should be his wife. Gay looked at him deprecatingly, but answered without an instant's hesita tion. "Royal, I am so very much grieved that you should have spoken in this way to me, for I cannot give you the answer you wish to hear. I hoped we ipight be friends always, and now,. it seems, I must make you angry." "You will not refuse me, Gay!" * "I must, Indeed, Royal. I-am not wishing to marry." "Then, it Is because you have that WTentworth fellow on your mind. I sus. pected it at first." "I have no more right to think of 1Ir Wentworth than you have to men tion his name," Gay answered, with a dignity that became her wvry well; "and I must beg of you to refrain from doing so." Royal was very angry, with the slow, cruel anger of an implacable man. His pride, not his affection, was wounded; he believed so thoroughly in his own attractions of person and manner that he had not considered a refusal of his offer to be within the limits of pos slbility; and as he was naturally vin dictive it was natural for him to feel vindictively towards this girl whom he had honored with an offer of his hand. He made two resolves : She should accept him. He would retaliate upon her for her refusal of him. He threw the whole force of his will power into his eloquent dark eyes, and exclaimed in a voice apparently trem bling with the'deepest emotion, "Gay, my darling ! Can it be that you will send me from you heart broken and hopeless? Think again, for pity's sake, dear one I You cannot know what your refusal will be to me. Gay, think again." But souls can never be attracted to sympathy by simulated feeling. Gay was distressed, but she remained firm. Not that she accused him of acting; she thought him sincere, and reproached herself that she could not respond as he wished. "Say no more, Royal. I can never be yours; but I do hope that you will be able to forgive me very soon." She held out her hand and looked beseechingly at him, her clear blue eyes filled with tears. " Gay, dear Gay ! be persuaded." HIe took her in his arms, and would have pressed his lips to hers, but she wrenched herself away, angry now, as well as distressed. Then for one instant each made a truthful reading of the heart of the other. In her eyes he saw an in domitable refusal; in his she read morti fied pride, and a desire for revenge. Up to that time she had seen much in him to like and admire; from that time forward she thought of him only with dislike. As for Royal, his love, or the feeling which did duty for it, turned to hatred and desire for revenge. (To he Continued.? 