THE MYSTERY OF SOUND. Leaving oat of the question the ordi nary phenomena of speech and vocal and instrumental music, where the sound produciug apparatus is tolerably familiar and its distance from the hearer capable of being estimated with a near approach to accuracy—leaving these familiar and readily discernible sounds out of the question, did you ever pause to cousider the very strange effect that some sounds have upon the mind r The effect is mysterious aud strange, however, only when there is doubt as to the origin of the sound.^ Then the imagination begins, and oftentimes works itself up to singular hallucinations. .Darkness, whether caused by nightfall or produced artifici ally, has much to do with this mystery of sound. When we cannot see the sound producing agent, conjecture is apt to run wild, and most of the ghost stories depend upon no bettor foundation than this. For instance, in England, certain sounds may frequently be heard at night coming from the air above, and from an invisible source. It is a kind of whistling or prolonged cry. Legends ascribe these sounds to phantoms and ghosts, to evil spirits, or to wandering jews; bnt tlio truth is that they coine from birds often known as whistlers, from wild geese, or from plovers, which fly at night in large ilocks to roach distant feeding grounds. The cry which is uttered by the leader of the flocks during these nocturnal flights has," through ignorance of the cause, been regarded as weird and mysterious by many superstitious per sons, who ussociate it with impending evil. Sir David Brewster has given an excellent account of a mysterious night sound which would have frightened most persons, hut which proved innocent and harmless when tested by a steady ob server. A gentlemau heard a strange sound every night soon after getting intc^ bed. His wife, who retired earlier than he, also heard the weird sound, but not until the husband had got into bed. For a long time no possible cause could be assigned, and the effect upon the imagination became rather un pleasant. The husband discovered, some time afterward, that the noise came from the door of a wardrobe which stood near the head of the bed. It was his custom to open and close this wardrobe when undressing, but, as the door was a little tight, ho could not quite shut it. The door, probably affected by changes in the temperature, forced, itself onen with a dull sound which was over in an in stant. Aud so many a good ghost story could be solved by a little attention to the sounds resulting from the expansion and contraction of woodwork, such as doors, panels, window-frames, wainscot ing, and furniture. Heard at night, when all is still, the sudden creaking of furniture in a room is often quite startl ing until one comes to know that it is due to the weather. There is, to most of us, much mystery in sounds when they are louder than -ve expected to find them. At Caris brooke Castle, Isle of Wight, when even so small an object as a pin is dropped into a certain well, the sound can he heard above, although the well is more than two hundred feet deep. At St. Alban's Cathedral, it used to be said, the tick of a watch could be heard from end to end of that long building. In the cathedral of Girgeuti, Sicily, a whisper can be heard the whole length cf the building, if the whisperer places himself in the focus of the semicircular space at one end. A story is told that long ago a. confessional-box was inadvertently placed at just that spot, that the details of a con fession were audible at another spot near the entrance to the church, and that the authorities were first made acquainted with this fact by a ferment arising out of one particular confession. Single sounds ! repeated many times, and whole sentences repeated after a second or two, are alike mysterious to those who are not conver sant with the scieutifie conditions on which they depend. Some recorded echoes are of very remarkable character. Those on and near the Lakes of Killarnev are very strange. At Woodstock Park, near Oxford, it used to be said that an echo would repeat seventeen syllables by day "and twenty by night—a statement possibly in need of modern modification. An echo ou the banks of the Lago del Lupo, near Terni, is said to repeat seven teen syllables; while the old topograp hers of Sussex told of an eelio of twenty- one syllables in Shipley Church. There is often something very mysterious in sounds when we are deceived as to the direction whence they come, even when the sounds themselves are of a familiar kind ; and if we are deceived both as to the direction and distance, the mysterious grows in interest. One of the best samples of this is an exhibition known as the 11 Invisible Girl,33 plea sing in itself and scientific in action. In the middle of the Exhibition-room is a small globe of copper and brass, suspended by strings or ribbons from a canopy, and in contact with nothing but these -rib bons, except that fonr trumpet-mouths open from the four sides of the "lobe. On speaking into one of these mouths and asking questions, a tiny voice answers from the globe itself, speaking in three or four languages, according to the requirements of - the questions, and singing at intervals. The globe is only a foot or so in diameter ; hut so completely does the voice seem to come from it, and so delicate and subdued is it in tone, that the effect produced upon the audience is striking. The method of producing these sounds is scientifically complete. A framework that surrounds the hall has an air-tube along one hori zontal bar and down one leg ; when a spectator speaks or whispers into one of the trumpet-mouths, the sound is echoed by the hollow of tho globe back into an adjoining apartment, where they are heard by a lady confederate, who whispers hack the answer. Perhaps the most familiar sounds are those produced by the ventriloquists—familiar because every country fair is visited by one or other of these exhibitors; mysterious because the real source of sound does not correspond with the apparent. It lies within the province of the anatomist or the physiologist to explain how it is that some men can speak as- if from the stomach instead of from the throat, aud without any perceptible movement of the lips; but the person who can do this may make himself a most bewildering deceiver of those who listen. Our power of- de termining the exact direction whence a sound comes is less than we usually imagine. It is said that Savillc Carey, who could well imitate the whistling, of the wind, would sometimes amuse him self by exercising this art in a public coffee-house : some of the guests at once rose to seo whether the windows were quite closed, while others would button up their coats, as if cold. Sir David Brewster notices a ventriloquist of exceptional skill, 31. St.-Gille, who one day entered a church, where some monks were lamenting the death of a brother; suddenly the\" heard a voice, as if from over their heads, be wailing the condition of the departed in purgatory, and reproaching them for want of zeal; not suspecting the trick, they fell on their faces and chanted the De Profunais. A committee appointed by the Academic des Sciences to reuort on the phenomena of ventriloquism went with 31. St.-Gille to the house of a lady, to whom they announced that they had come to investigate a case of serial spirits somewhere in the neighbor hood. During the interview she heard what she termed " spirit-voices" above her heard, underneath the floor, aud in ! distant parts of the room, and she was ! with difficulty convinced that tue only ; spirit present was tho ventriloquistic voice of 31. St.-Gille. Brewster tells of I another muster in his art, Louis Brabant, [ a ivht-de-efombrc to Francis I., whose I suit was rejected by the parents of a ! beautiful aud well-flowered girl with ; whom he was in love. He called on the j mother, after the death of the father, ; again to urge his suit and while lia was present she heard tho voiee of her deceased husband expressing remorse for having rejected Louis Brahant, and conjuring her to give immediate consent to the betrothal. Frightened, she consented. Brahant, deeming it desirable to behave liberally in the marriage agreements, but not having much cash at command, resolved to try whether his ventriloquism would be as efficacious with a money-lending banker as it had been with the widow. Calling: on the old usurer at Lyons, he managed that the subject should turn upon the topic or demons, spectres, and purgatory. Suddenly was heard the voice of the usurer's father, complaining of the horrible sufferings he was endur ing in purgatory, and saying that there was no way of obtaining alleviation except by the usurer advancing money to the visitor for the sake of ransoming Christians from the bands of the Turks. The usurer was terrified, but too much in love with his sold to yield at once. Bar bant went next day and resumed the conversation, when shortly were heard the voices of a host of dead relations, all telling the seme terrible story, and all pointing out the only way of obtaining relief. The usurer could resist no longer; he placed ten thousand crowns in the hands of the unsuspected ventriloquist, who, of course, forgot to pay it over for the ransom of Christians either in Turkey or tinvwhffre else.— -"\V. M. ClEMEXS, ill " Lippincott's Magazine " (U.S.A.) 