INTER-COLONIAL SPORTING ITEiráS. [BT AVOIRDUPOIS.] MELBOURNE, April 23. I have just returned from Bandwiok, after parsing an awfully jolly time of it physically and socially : alone financially, the reverso. When we left Victoria we feh oonvinoed that what with onr Challenger, and oar Wallace, »nd oar Havoc, and onr Cobbitty and oar Malaohite, and our Harvester, nnd onr Hova, and ont Gaillardia, and onr Me!ema, and onr K«nparoo ir, we were bonnd to smite the New South Wale« bookies hip and tbigb ; bot we reckoned without onr " hosts, " and np to Stiurday wo experienced a very unsealed time of it-a very unsettled time of it indeed, I can aseare you. On Saturday, however, we managed to do something more than hold onr own. but not f itbout mnoh men'al oare and perturbation. You oen imagine a fellow's feelings, when, after going for a re- covery over Havoc in tbs A.J.C. Plate, he witnessed the massive son o! Nor denfeldt and Frailty deliberately boring Chesterman and The Harvester ont into the middle of the straight in the run home, I and after all "only obtaining the judge's verdlot by » heed, the «ami diitasoe separat* ¡ *<\"v\ v> ..viv <?*'"... i-ip Chesterman (second) Crom The Har vet ter four otheis constituting the field, and the three miles being traversed in 5mic. 38soo. Î tell you it waa enough to give one the op d shivers, and when J. B. Clark entered a pro. est ou behalf of Cbesiermaa, while Th* H*rvea'or's owter (Mi. ». G. C-wk) alto iodjied a complaint against both Chette man an<i Havos. cur mp of bitt.rr e s was fined a'mibt ti ovirflowiiig. However, al 's woll that ends well, std a'tir a Ing'htned I einnor the A.J.C. stexarás decided to diuni-s both ap- peals, end i hen oar fa-es baoame perfeoc aludid tn relievo, jso toa¡;e»k. Cobbitty broke de*n badly in the A.J.C. Plate, wuilst, af Ur winning the Boa* HV.ndioap haudBimely, MaUobit« pul ed u.> lams in the Final Handi- cap, won by DeUwaie. Cobbitty aut MaU chite lud been loved by Messrs C. M. Loyd a d William L.onicd from Mrs. James Whi'o, and after the meeting on Si'ur Jay they returned them to that lady. hie dual viot< rle« ia t e Champagne Stakes and Seventh Biennial Stake« f>tamp Dan ! O'Brien'* two-j ear-> ld Bob Hay aa a racing I gom ot purest '"ray" serene. O'Briei pur- | chased Bib Ray (wh» is by NJW Zealand; Welo.mio Jack from Gaste a'Amour) ut a j yarling sale for 35 guia< as ! Toink of thtt for a Champagne Stakes winner, and a colt j equal to the tusk of sileuoing the pretensions of Wallace and Challenger 2 Mind yon, I j don't think either Wallace or Challenger was quite " cherry rips" when Bob Bay dowued them ; bot ail the Bame for that the exploits proved bim to b9 a marvellously good cdt. He has plenty of sizs and sub. tance to recom- mend him as well, and should furnish into a rare Derby candidate. Another young gentleman I took a great fancy to is Mr. A. Hooko'a Tr nj Blue, who won the firet Nursery Handicap. He is by Musket's sou Hotohkiss, from Bose of Wel- lington by St. Leger fro« Fl^ufttt , a daughter of BobinBon Crusoe and Bose of Denmark (imp.) by Stockwell. True Blue was bred by Mr. T. Morriu, of the Wellington Park 81 nd, New Zealand. The two-year-old to sptiug the biggest sur- j prise th >ngh, during the meeting, was Mr. H. C. White's chestnut filly Georgie, who de feated W*l ace, Nobleman, Buena f, The ' Admiral, Hov», and half-i-dossn others in the hollowest fasti m in the All Aged Stakes, j coveting the müe in lmin. 4lseo, and win- I ning comfortably from Walla e by a length j and a quart.r Georgie is hy Clan Stuart ¡ from iwportrd Mirzspore, nn>i ie evidently built to stay as well a« galh-p fact. Of the two year-olds that struck m» «s being likely j ta eee a better day-say after they hive | winterrd-I shall nomioats Dr. Bnwker's bay : colt Rifle (by Goldsbr utih from Bona Vista), | Mr. S. Hordern's ches mst colt Vivian (by I Abercorn from La ty Vivian), Mr. James | Monaghan's chestnut colt Wollomumbi (by Splendour from Vermicelli), a id Mr. H. C. White's bay oo't Fort (by Gibraltar from Formosa). Jimmy Monaghan has also a veritable clinker in a bay oolt Valiant (by Antous from Vic). It came upon na somewhat in tba Hgbt of a revelation to find New South Waits more than holdiug its own against Victoria in the matter of burile rao ng and Bt'.*epleofca«ing talent. Hangaro) II. is not cor sidered amonr*ttbo first flight in 'hs Southern colony certainly ; but as bo bad annexed a hardie race at Flemington at 1 he Hopetonn Compii men'ary Meeting with 9st. on his baok it locked teil good .' b z." to aonept 3tolab ut bim for the First Hur>ll» Gaie with only 31b. more to carry. Bat Le never stood the ghost of a show against ai np country giliing named Bösestem, who romped borne with ; Iflst. up. Ha would have done idéntica ly trte same thing in tho S< cond Hurdle Race, of three usileB, but for being unfortunate < nouph to turn tonie nt the last obstae'e, nearly j opp-site the winning post, when a daz n ' lengths ahead of Cadet (12st. 91bs ) wbo won through the mishap. At Raadwiok tba hurdles are placed on the on'er sido of the track np the straight running to prevent the ''leppers" ontting up the racing ground proper-a rt ally ezoellsnt idoa. RoBestom bas boen purchased by Mr: J. B. Clarke, and «il' in future be tra:nod by Mr. R. H. Frew at Fl»mingt<n. Kangaroo II. was running; much bett r in the S soond Hurdle Raco when he came dswn in an endeavour to pace it with Bösestem, fracturing Joseph Cripps, jun.'a collar bo»e and rendering him unoon soious for 48 hours. In the steeplechases though the "o^mc thor" (as they say in Ireland) was put ou ns altogetl er by tho form displayed by High- born IL, a six-year-old (or aged) son of Ida ium (brother to Sir Modred) and Belladonna. He scooped the first event of about two miles and a half, with lOst. 71b. in the raddle, with ridiculous ease, and on being raised 121b. repeated the performance in the Second Steeplechase, of three miles, wbioh he traversed in 7min. 28Jseo. Highborn IL jumps like a stag, is evidently up to weight, And can. stay as long as the proverbial boy in the lollyshep. Frank WilkioBon (" Martind de" of tho Sydney Town and Country Journal) acquitted himself splendidly as handicapper, consider- ing tho limited notice he had reoeived to take np the mantle of the late J. A. Scarr, the un- doubted Admiral Rous of Australia so far as handicapping is concerned. No doubt Frank committed errors of judgment with regard to Highborn II. and Delaware ; but io the main be had wrapped-np the winners so cunningly that punters were in a terribie state till the concluding day of the meeting. It was a roost remarkable eircumBtanoothat during the first three days, out of the 16 races deoided on no singla occasion did an absolute first favourite succeed in catching the judgo's eye first; and yet .the vast majority of the bookmakers were nut of pooket over the various deals. In Victoria each a state of things would have -been * matter of sheer im* possibility ; with the downfall of thi> favour ites tbe rank and file cf bookers would have come down heavily. Bat in Sydnoy the punters dou't baok first favourites as a rale hence tbe apparent anomaly. Trenton, Nordeofeldt, Weeome Jaok, Abe c »rn, and Idalium were tbe moBt enooees fil aires at the A.J.C. Mea ti cg, Tren'«n's stock Blearing tmee and the o'hers two vi j tor us each. Tbe feature of the four days' racing was tbe continued sucosas of the Musket blood, l is desoendauta annexing «ix races. A. G. Delaney and Oeoil Parker were t-je moBt sncoeBsfnl jookeye with three winning menn's e*eh, Br tie Holmes, C. Kttr die, end ! J. Howard eaob t-eouring two. Tao principal prize winupru wer . as f. llow :-W. A. Lpng, £2,609; W. B HUI, JS2.115 ; D. O'Brien, .£1,123 ; W. B. Wilson, ¿61,106; C. M. L oyd, £934; H. C. White, £696; J. O'Donohue, £604; P. O'Longhtio. £501; S. G. Cook, £468 ; H. Oldham, £375 ; H. Wills, £345 ; J. Monaghan, £316; .Tamos Wil-on, j mior, £300 ; J. Mayo, £¿60 ; A Hooka, junior, £254; E Ky, £245; H. Cbisho m, £211; W. W«te-u, £189 ; I'. Ful »w £150 ; S. Hs»r dorn, £100; J. B. Clsrke, £100. Q«->int old ci y as Srdn<y is, there's a deal Of solid wealth in the capital of the mother colony of New South Wales. This was driven into my cranium w.'th tho foroe of a sledge hammer at the yearling eales at Bind wiok last Wednedsy, when o ie oit and eisrht geldings realised a grand t^tal of 2,855 guineas, or an average of over 261 gnineas apiece, and eight-nineths of them gelding«, mark yon ! The oolt was by Abercorn from Copra, and was knoeked down to Mr William Buley, ofjBallarat, for 1,000 guinea?, His name is Coir. Wingen, a bay or brown gelding by Abercorn from Etna, becuna the pr »pert.v of Mr. D. O'Brien for 230 guineas ; whi gi; Triumob, a oheatuut gelding by Aber- corn from Trafalgar, was seenred after ppirited competi ion by Mr. W. B. Hall for 350 guineas. Harking back borne, there was a meet;ng at Maribyrnong on Saturday, when the Messrs. Miller accentuated the f aot that they believe in the sweetness cf little fish by s»onring the first three events on the pro- gramme. Thus, in the Trial Stake«, of five furlongB and a quarter, Tiega (by Boolka Eira), who started at even money, put down Bnbbisb, Disparity, aud three otb. ra by a dozen length* in lmiu. 5*eo. Then The Indian (12 t 61b.) started at (idle of 5 to 4 on bim for the Handicap Hurdle Baca, of a mile and a half, and expert noed i.e difficulty in defeating Wannabee (9st. 8ib ), HaU'ax (lOct. 101b.), Oruba and Halter ia 2min. 58t«e3. Against four oppoiers io the Footsoray Hindi» cap, of five farlonga and a quarter. Tiega (fist. 121b.) was baoked di*n te 7 to 4 on, and, leading all the way, she won by four lengths ,from Emaun-na-BTuuak and Harvest Sing, negotiating the diBtsnoe in the fast time of lmin. 4fsee. The Welter Handicap intro- duced ns to a fairly good throe year- old gelding named Master, in I. T. Carslake's stable, who carrie i 7«t. 91b. and wonea i'y by tbrae lengths from Pointsman {9s*. 6 b.), who defeated Cherry Girl by the same distanoe for seoond money, three others ooneti nting the field, and the mile being registered in Imbi. ' 47$seo. Master is by Grandmaster from Cbrysophaee. During the last five weeks The Indian has wen cn the flat, ever hurdles, «nd aorosB country in steepnesses. The black eon of GK ri ms and Hunic-Mucgie is only a five-year old now. and twelve months ago Mr. Septimus Miller placed bim under offer to me fer £150 J for a West Australian buyer, who missed a good bargain. As an ail round animal it j would be extremely difficult to parallel The I Indian. ! It was a remarkable coinoidenoe that Patron's fall sister, Patroness, should win the following1 Sydney Cup after the oolt's run- ning away with tho Melbourne tropby. Patroness was well back* d by certain persons in Sydney although her own r, Mr. W. A. Long, had only a sovereign on ber, half of which was for " the cook." Quiver who trained with ber at Tom Brawn's Chipping Norton establishment, beat ber badly in every trial, and had not Jimmy Wilson's filly oat up so badly ia the St. Leger. Patroness would not have started in the Sydney Cup. There's the glorious unoartaioity of the turf for you ! The Pennant cricket matches which have been dragging' their slow length wearily along this reason ar| gradually being played out, Richmond yesterday gaining the premiership of the B Division and being entitled to pass into .A Dividion rest season, vioa either Fitzroy or North Melbourne, to be deposed. It was a splendid struggle between St. Kilda and Riohmocd for the B premiership, P. Q. McShane doing yeoman servioe for the Saints both with bat and ball. . St. Edda wanted 173 to win in their second venture, and when 100 runs were upon the board for tbs loss of only throe wiokels, it loakoi bi? Bonrke street to a banana on thrm. Wade (fonr wickets for 20) and Kelly (four for 71) proved too destructive though, and when they were only seven runs defioient the last wicket fell amidst a scene of tremendous excitement. The advent of Biohmond (once the leading olnb of the colony) into A Division will neu the adherence of a number of prominent players next season. Fitzroy and North Melbourne batted off for lowest place in A Division (wbioh entails relegation to B Division next seasen) on tbs Fitsroy ground, and owing to tke piowess displayed by Dick Houston ('. Rioketty Diok," as I dab bim 1) and Harry Maplestone, Fitzroy fell into the soup by an ianings and 47 runs. One way this placed the two slabs on an equality-with one win eadh dating the season. , New» the pennant mles this yeer snmably f r last place at well aa fi *t,ro that Fitzroy will have one more obanoe of es «aping tba threatened ignominy. Otherwise, on averages, tbey woald have gone ¿own .? kerwollop." East Meibonrne gave South Melbourne a terrible doing, defeating them in ono inniaga by 238 roue, A. E. Trott scoring 135 prior »o bing caucha by Ingleton off Sam Mirri*. *' Arthur £ iiard" waa particularly severe <m " brother Harri's " deliveries. Ia S .nth Melbourne's first innings, wbioh only totalled 50\. A. B. Trott and Chuley Letober each took four wick ti for 25 runs. In tU«ir seo nd innings Frank Layer took four for 21 and L lober three for 38. There ate to be a few changes in theorioVt wor'd next sea «m. Hawksburn, after winning tba Boyle andSoott Cop this year, leave th J júniora and j vin B division of the seniors. Ja?k Harry's engagement with Ea-t Me - bourne has terminated, and be will be avail- able. Thongh a Wt.'' off colour " during tl'O first portion of the soasan, " old brown arms " his made amp'e amends therefor» f late, his 97 Affaiist Sou h Melb u-ne i a* w<-ek being a finished perf or nano ». Frank Waitara (mr friend with tht " toateey-wo »tseya ") bas aooepted an engagement in Sydney and will mateiiilty strengthen the New South Wales Bieren. Frank wasn't good enoagh for eur eeleotrrs' view*. We will sae what the Sydneyitps think of him. Football promises to feoom again thia y ear, bnt I hardly think Essandon wi! loss their pride of plaoe. The committee of the Bo ito Melbourne Football Club have shunted a lot of their erstwhile bright and shining lights SHoh ai Fred McKnight, Doran, and eo fortb, and maintain tbey* baye gained materially by ' so doing. Dick Houston informs me that G-elong will be- " orl rite " again thia year, and no doubt Melbourne will make another bold bid for the premiership. The " powers that be " in the Ê »tendon fold are firm in tbe faith that Thu-good the Terrible ni l return again to his eld love ; but perchance tb) wirb is father to the thought. We have bad a team cf New Z?a'and bowlers over from "Maoriland, and they b*vi succeeded in - carrying away the honour« against the Viofcorian " Knights of <he jaok," winning the first contest and making a " tot " for the second. ' The noble art .of e<df-defenoe still finds numerous .admirers at Miok Nathan's Athletio Hall, in cot-nen'iori with th« British Lion Hotel, Little Bourke-btest. Miok ha« set his face against M cobben' hera " and " f ;kes," and by so doing1 bas desert si andachttnod saooesr» 