TALK ON 'CHANGE. The libel action in which Mr. Morris, the labour candidate for Essendon at the last election, was concerned has been interesting reading. It was not made clear, though, whether Mr. Morris objected most to being called " a decoy duck " or " a Tory fox rigged out in Liberal attire"—in other words, a fox who, in order to secure election as a labour member, was pretending to be a goose. He was called both it seems, and when people are unable to write on electoral matters without, so to speak, frothing at the mouth these mixed metaphors are to be ex pected. Two interesting points are made evi dent. The first, that Mr. Morris knew exactly the kind„-of bird his party are ac customed ' to ' send to .Parliament, and if hfe waS not a goose' ' in\ reality he had ?the. good«sense; to -pretend tto be one. That the pretence has* ta^n -ifieffecti ve is a matter for all-round congratulation No one would,T am sure, desirethtft th'e party should in any way "Vary—their-universal practice of sending geese to Parliament. Old nursery rhymes, we are assured, in variably have a significance beyond what ap pears on their face. And in the new light thrown on the selection of radical candidates, one ot them at least becomes clear. 'Goosey, goosey gander, where do you wander? Upstairs, downstairs, in the Council chamber" is not mere infantile babble, but the rally ing cry of radical whips in Parliament anxious to bring the flock together. It was none of these particular geese that laid the golden egg. Oh, no ! The geese that lay the golden eggs How willingly we'd greet them ; These never lay a golden egg, But, gracious ! how the}' eat them. " Should such geese dare to lay at all, The flock would promptly pill them ; They're not the geese with golden eggs, But other geese who kill them. The flock has one undesirable quality. The birds peck at each other. Though they seem to sit peaceably enough in the same corner nest during the session, no sooner is a disso lution nigh than they strive to turn each other out. Writers on natural history have not hitherto noticed this similarity between the goose and the cuckoo. Further, the late Dr. Watts, when writing his classic " Birds in their little neBts agree," had no idea as to the trend of modern politics. Last Parlia ment, for example, Mr. Maloney, of West Mel bourne, and Mr. Tom Smith, of Emerald Hill, had a common interest in such subjects as the price of fowl feed, the inadvisability of making the manufacture of eider down quilts a great local industry, and the desirability of discouraging the popular taste tor pate de foie gran, but no sooner are the flock unhoused than Mr. Maloney tries to deprive Mr. Smith of his daily wheat by helping a new candidate in his efforts to "jump" brother Smith's place. Bad bird Maloney. Though Tom and Bill together will For grain intently search, Bill keeps for Tom a little bomb To knock him off bis perch. One sometimes regrets that the age of duelling is past, for there are some insults that cannot be resented except by the French method of firing in each other's direction with toy pistols. When Mr. O'Connor, of the Metropolitan Board of Works, spoke on the subject of the minimum wage a few days ago someone basely hinted that he was talking for Parliament, and the only resource left to Mr. O'Connor was to repel the insinua tion with scorn. Why, Mr. O'Connor's name and nationality should of themselves have been sufficient proof that he had no desire to enter Parliament Is ud me go to Parlymint, oh, wirra sthru! Thot 6uch things fihuld l>e laid to me credit; Be the bones uv St. Pathrick and Brian Boru, 'lis a wonder he's livin' lliot sed it. Don't the Kings of Kilkenny turn round in their graves Whin they bear of this froightfnl dishonor— Are we free min, I axe ye, or blackamoor slaves, Whin such insults are put on O'Connor? An' the Sassenach thraitor that gev me the shove, Shoore his ghost will uv nights soon be walkin', Shud he face roe agin in the boordroom above, And just mlnshun sour grapes whin I'm talkln'. For the sperrit of liberty roises wid-in, Throo aspurshuns loike these put upon her; An' the bogs of Ould Oireland quake angry agin When they hint uv " Im Pays" to O'Connor. Amongst the applicants for the position of general servant at a suburban home waB a Danish girl, built on broad Danish prin ciples. She seemed powerful enough for anything, but her English was of an extremely dubious character. "I'm afraid you have not had sufficient experience," said the mis tress. "Egspeerence I not haf," said the astonished maiden ; and then holding op her fingers to enumerate, added, " Vy, twenty-six pleeces—seex monts." That was a little too much experience. One needs to frnve lived in a small conntry town to realise the unholy joy of " sticking Bomeone for drinks." Manifold are the de vices to that end. In one little town the local saddler and the butcher next door nave carried on a thriving business in free drinks for years. The saddler has a large square of lead on which he beats out his leather, and as soon as a customer from the country drops in the butcher next door is not far behind him. They yam for a while, when the butcher, carelessly picking up the square of lead, affects surprise at its weight. The sub sequent proceedings up to the stage where they agree to guess the weight and the one furthest off shall shout for the three have been reduced by constant practice to a fine art, and rarely fail. Indeed, now and again the butcher and saddler re-weigh the lead to make sure of keeping it in mind. The difficulties of foreigners in dealing with the English language always provide amusement, though frequently foreigners set an example to the natives. I was at a meeting of a certain chamber in Melbourne recently, and the only man present who spoke gram matical English was a German, but they are not alwayssosuccessful. A recent importation from Germany of sporting proclivities created much amusement among the bookmakers, for (being the victim of some wag) he went the rounds saying—" I shall wish to make some bets on Coffin for de Morgue Stakes. I am told he have a goot shance." Another German, paying his addresses to a girl, wished to obtain the good offices of her sister, so he said, " I do lofe your sister, but I tink she look so silly." This was not a success, eo after a time he tried again, " I make myself some stupids. 1 do not mean dat your sister look silly, nein; I tink she look sulky." The poor German lost his suit, but when he became better acquainted with the language he explained that he wished to say that the girl looked sad. He made a sad mistake. The ladies, though they set an example to ub in many things, are not always strictly conscientious in small matters. Tiiey think, for instance, that they are doing no wrong in passing a child free in the tramcars so long as they can persuade the conductor that the dear infant of nine summers is not yet four and a halt One of them tells me how her first effort at honesty was defeated. She had made up her mind that she really must begin to pay half-fare for Claude Nugent. The conductor asked, " How old is that boy ?" She held up two fingers and said, " Two," meaning that she wished to pay two fares. " Very big boy for two," said the conductor, as he collected one fare and passed on. Claude Nugent is seven if he is a day. The astute conductor is quite right He is a very big boy lor two. Poor Jack Gardiner ! Once the hero of the day, the captain of the all- conquering Carlton Football Club. Then the successful opponent of James Munro, and alterwards one of the most remarkable speakers in Par liament, as it were. Next the second whip for theGiHiesAdministrationandtheradicalmera berot the City of Melbourne Council. And now timekeeper for a railway job—I use the word job in its widest application—and about to lose even that position. Alas ! poor Jack. I knew him well. He was wont to set the House in a roar. Where be now his funny mispronunciations, his references to Geelong, his " As it weres " ? Pah ! Who would have thought he would ever be connected with anything that smelt so. The fate of poor Jack Gardiner raises the question whether there should not be some institution for the reception of rejected members of Parliament. There would be a wide scope here tor benevolence. If the Earl of Yarmouth could b^dpcpd to atart a fund with the entertainments it w<m 1 d^KTmost appropriate. It is painful to retifeofc Ppon Ahe wjmjwr of persons whom the last ydection •deprivpu ot_ the means of an Honest .livelihood. Is it right that men who h&VC; ordered oTfendera to' be brought to the bar "Should be brought to the bar themselves to serve out threepenny drinks? Is it becoming that men who filled large spaces in Jinward should now be filling carts ? Is it decent that men who controlled tlis revenue of the colony should be collecting petty debts and calling on Monday mornings for the rent? I have heard persons who wanted a handy man about the place debating whether they should offer the situation to an ex-Premier. Let an Old Memliers' Home be established, with a billiard-table, a refresh ment-room, and a bowling-green, and our ex members will be enabled to renew their career of usefulness without the power to do further mischief, and tbey can doddle- doddle onward to the great permanent obscurity in peace and comfort. Mr. Ellery is to retire, and in future Mr. Wragge will want to exercise despotic Bway over the atmospheric conditions of Aus tralia. When that day arrives people will perhaps learn to appreciate the splendid struggle which Mr. EUery lias made to maintain a separate weather system for Victoria. They will remember that when last Cup Day was approaching Mr. Wragge, to get rid of a storm which he had no uae for in Queensland, ordered it down to Victoria, and that Mr. Ellery put down his foot and said, " No, Cup Day shall be fine and Mr. Ellery prevailed. Who will guard our Cup Day in future from " Heth" and " Xi" and all the other storm spirits that Mr. Wragge lets loose with such recklessness? Federation is all very well, but if our weather is to be served out from Queensland we shall be ptit off with the odds and ends and remnants. I have always admired the firm but polite attitude which Mr. Ellery has preserved, and though there have been complaints at the weather he has Riven us, we look forward with the graveBt apprehension to the coming winter with some novice in charge trying feebly to exercise a check upon the unscrupulous adept of Queensland. With the New Caledonian cable at his oommand, Mr. Wragge will do exactly as be pleases.. . Mr. Ellery will probably migrate to Queensland, Which will be the only place on the continent where a decent bit ot weather will be obtainable. There are some ways in which even a Christian woman may be tempted. An Otago lady attending with a friend an " Inglis fair" saw a winter jacket that pleased her immensely. The price was satis factory, and she rushed to try it on, but, as there were some difficulties in the way, suggested that her friend might wear it instead, just to see how it looked. Well, the effect was a revelation—it fitted charm ingly, was so becoming and all, that, while the intending purchaser stood in rapture, the wearer of the jacket walked up to the counter and paid for it, Baying, "Yes, it's such a perfect tit that I've decided to buy it for myself." And now the only consolation the disappointed bargain-hunter has is to go about amongst the neighbours saying, always doubted whether that woman was a Christian. Now I know she's not." Archbishop Carr's Lenten Pa'storal was issued this week—and it is merely by way of illustrating popular knowledge on this kind ot literature that I mention this simple fact. The printer's devil took the first proof of it to the Agricultural Editor of The Australasian. They are an economical race down Dunedin way, especially in the use of water, which is scarce. At some of the street fire-plugs one sees the inscription, " Key at Mr. M'Whicken's." When there is an alarm of tire the brigade visit the fire-plug first and then make inquiries as to where M'Whicken lives. When his house is found it very oiten happens that the owner has put away the key so carefully that no one else but himself can find it, and is just then away to have a game of draughts "wi" Davie Brodie." By the time Davie Brodie has been discovered the house has been burned down. It is a wonderful way of economising water, and other short-supply towns will find it worth thinking over. A band of aristocratic English tourists had a humiliating experience in New Zealand not Jong since. At one of the points where tourists call it is customary to drive into the interior, but on the day this particular party arrived there had been a- cheap trip from the south, and the New Zealand " 'Arry," who is just as objectionable as his unasperated namesake in any other part of the world, was abroad in force. The distinguished visitors engaged half the seats in a drag for a quiet Sunday drive, only to find \ when they had started that the rest of the company were a half-dozen of the most pronounced cheap trippers—jovial young men —who sang "Annie Rooney" and passed round bottles of beer in the most affable manner. Proceedings such as these excite a good deal of attention on a quiet New Zealand Sunday, and the distinguished tourists were much concerned lest the matter should find its way to Truth or Vanity Fair. On the way back they asked the driver to let them down at the outskirts of the town, but unfortu nately he forgot and drove up with a rattle to the leading hotel just as the people were going to church. The distinguished visitors climbed down to a chorus of "Bye! bye! i Dook," " Ta-ta, me loidy," from their too affable fellow passengers. WOOMERA. 