CABRIED BY STORM. BY MRS. MAY AGNES FLEM ING. Author of 'A Mad Marriage,' 'A Little Queen,' &c.; PART HI. CHAPTER. VDJ. CONQUERING FATE. When he reaches the villa he finds it silent, and dark, except for a little gleam of light from his own surgery, and he is not sorry that he is alone, for the events of the day have given him much to think over, and he is longing for a quiet cigar and a long communion with himself. He is' destined, however, to be dis appointed once more, for on his table be finds a memorandum in Leo's delicate handwriting, that his presence is im mediately required at the bouse of a wealthy patient at no very great dis ? tance. He takes bis little case of instruments with him, and starts out once more into tJie night, leaving a few lines to say whither he has gone. The patient is the son of one of the wealthiest merchants in the City, senior partner in a firm which was founded in the time of the second Charles, and which has continued to increase and pro sper in wealth ever since. Geoffrey owes bis introduction to a slight accident which happened to the old gentleman himself, and which Geoff treated so cleverly that he has been the recognized family doctor ever since, much to the chagrin of several of tbe elder brethren of the faculty in the neighborhood who have looked upon the rich Mr. De Vere as their special property. At all events it is not a connection to be lightly lost, and \\*eoff, as he goes along, concentrates his mind as strongly as he can on what he has before him, though the face of Joanna is ever tmnntJTig him, like a ghost that will not be banished. He arrives at the house, and is shown at once into the sick chamber, where a young man lies evidently in the deepest agony, the pale features are drawn con volsive'y, and the eyes have a wistful half- startled look, painful in the ex treme to iritness. Doctor Lamar orders' everyone out of the room but the father, to wham after a minute examination of his patient, he whispers a few words, and they both descend into the library. 'Well, Mr. De Vere,' he says, as soon as they are alone, and he has carefully closed the door, ' it is my painful duty to inform you that an operation is ab solutely necessary, and that it must be done at once, or I will not answer for the result. I have never disguised from you that it might have to be performed at a moment's notice. How long have these symptoms made their appear ance?' Mr. DeVcre, in a broken voice, tells him that his son has been apparently well all day, and that it is only within the hist few hours that he has bceU seized. Geoffrey repeats his declaration that the operation is necessary, and begs to I e allowed to send fora neighboring coztor to assist him. ' Do as you will,' eays Mr. De Vere. ' I will give half my f oi tune if his life is caved.' ' If you gave everything ycu pos sessed in the world, Mr. j-e Vere, it would weigh as nothing. I will send for Sir William Haiupt jn to-siorrow. It would be useless to -night. Be sure that all that can be done by science shall be done, 'ihe rest is in higher hands than ours.' He leaves the library as he speaks, and in a few minutes the two medical men are in consultation alone in the chamber of the poor yoath who lies hovering between life and death. Mr. De Vere has been locked in the library by Geoff's orders and remains in an agony of suspense, easier to realize than de&cribe.; An hour passes, which seems to him an eternity, and then tba door cf ihe ' library opens, and Geoffrey returns to the room, his face pale as death, but a look of triumph in his eyes. We have won the battles of ar,' he says, 'and with more ease than I had hoped for. It now remains to see if his constitu tion is strong enough to 7-c-ar the shock, and, realiy, I believe from my heart it is. There, do not excite yourself any more, but go and get some noedfui rest I have left instructions with the nurse, and will be here again at three to-morrow I have sent for Sir William Hamilton, whose approbation I hope to receive, but my best reward will Leto see your son once more well and happy.' Before Mr. De Vere can ever thank him he is gone, and soon once more at home at the villa. In the morning a new suprise awaits him in the shape of a letter from Mr. Blandfcrd, who iu a hypocritically turn ed sentence or two, informs him that, to bis great regret, he *?«-? been unable to prevail upon his friend to renew the bills, even those he had promised him self to postpone, and that he is most un fortunately compelled to demand the whole amount due at once, and will call on Dx*. Lainar at tes o'clock punctually to arrange matters finally. Geoffrey has been sufficiently excited, as ^reU as worried, by the varied events of the night, and this letter comes like a crowning blow upon him. But he is of a proud and !;rave race, and not easily to be cowc-1 or beaten down by circum stances or uen. He resolves to defy Mr Blandf brd, and feels justified in availing himself of any of the loopholes for delay which tibe law allows, and trust to providence to help in the meantime. If the wo. -t comes to the worst.it is only beginning over again. At ten o'clock punctually, the sleek Mr. Slandford mikee bis appearance, if anything mere oily in bis manner than eiar, a d certainly more scrupulously neat in bis attire. When shown into the little surgery where Geoff is seated, pale, but cool and self-possessed, he plunges at once into the midst of his business. You have redved my note, no doubt, Dr. Lamar ?' he begins, and as, Geoffery only bows, goes on, in his softest tones, 'No one could be more disappointed tban I am myrelf at the turn affairs have taken. I did hope that, consdei ing the friendship which exists be tween yourself and the De Lormes, thft matter could have been settled. I had written, before seeing you, to my old friend, and last night, when I arrived home, received a communication which compelled me to take the bills back my self. I bad, therefore, no alternative but to get the money, as I am most pressingly in want of it. What axe you going to do?' 'P«6don me, Dr. Lama', have you thought over the result of inaction in this matter ? You have no defence at all, and are completely in my power— that is, unless you are prepared to pay me at once.' (To be continued.) 