SOLVED BY TIME- ye A STORY OF THE EUBEA STOCgA R BBC JAus: CRoZJo2, BA [AU Mgo s Basrved] '"'' (Continued.) Thli. e ,-..n money honestly, by the sweat of myry bow--but of what use is it to me ? My own country is shut out from me and I from it. I'1 like Australia well, but just Sbecause"'. dare .qt approach Scotland thereis hardly a-minute of my life when its memories are not crowding in my mind. I call it a left-handed world. - Is it anything else ?" S" I Cannot tell you. All we know is that we are here'lunt tWe why and -wherefore are hard to find. We talk about order. He is a wise man that will find law in human affairs." .. The two men remained silen', eacl, buried in the depth of his own thoughts. The ruddy glow of dawn had just hegun to crimson the eastern sky and pale the twiinkling stars with its feebledlight, when suddenly Shbanaghan caught Walker's arm, and bent dcwn so as to catch the -faHiteistnoise carried on the littleF breeze I; which heralded the approach of day. Quickly he sprung up, saying, "By \- heavens ! They hare caught us napping," and then shouted aloud at the full com pass of his powerful voice, "'Hillo, halio ! the soldiers are on us. Up ! up : Call Ialor, someone, Quick, quick ; not a minute to be lost. Arms, arms." He -leaped to the nall with his gun, and looking over the "breastwork levelled his piece 'at the advancing enemy, a,,d fired the- firstshbt.' The red coats had reached the='neighborhood of the 'usurgents' position without- the slightest warning being conveyed of their presence.- It was a daringact -of the commanding officer to take the responsibility: of. the attack on himself-and if he had been out of his calculations it would have cost iui d. ar HB- reckoned; however, on the idifficulty of preserving discipline in an armed mob, as well. as the lack of preparation for rereiving - an attack which was ncarcely corceived-as'possible, and he had not reckoned without i.is host. Never was a mncs -complete surprise. The few, men who were at hand rushed to the breast work when they heard tL.e report' of Shanaghan's gun, aud ranged themselves by his side. Walker ran backward and forward to give them so. ething of militarl rray. " 'The order of attack was tiven to the detachment of the 4oth. and the. police. A volley was exchanged, and ,then the double breastwork was - splendidly \- storm-ed. Shanaghan then threw himself in the front. His gigantic figure itenmed the torrent, and for a moment the soldiers held back. " Cowards," he shouted, " do you fear one" man? Why did you not .dare to come upon us: when- our men . were herd'?" English soldiers are not cowards, and his challenge was accepted. The feeble breastwork was-a very small protection, and two of them were quickly on the top. .These-Owen seized in his. tw'b.trong sv-hands,and, dragging them apart, hurled them -one after the other amongst the men who were behind him. But that was the last glimpse of success. Hardly had hie displayed his wonderful physical poiertitan a bullet passed through his heart, and at the same moment two bayonets crossed his- body. Owen Shanagban threw up his hands above hil head,' and the brave spirit had forsaken its tenement before the " body had reached the ground. Then it ias sauve quij3cut. The sur prised diggers rushed off in every direction ; some into the rifie pits, where they were shot or bayoneted, and others \- into the bush behind. Lalor, Walker, and other leaders fought-like-- heroes, but it was no use. Lalor was shot in the arm, and crept aw;ay, as be.thought him self, toddie. Walker 'was slashed over thiet'ceand left in- sensible, grid it .was thought' dead. The whole attack was over in ten minutes, and the Eureka Rebelliorr-was at. an end. Everything combtistible wsas soon in dfamfes.' Every man was an enemy, and was either killed or taken pris,-ner. Noia--Shanaghaui w-as aroused very early in the fight by the noise and din of battl-e.: She.s.,w.--!he s-diers and- police scale the-little. ramtparts in every direc tion. and knew that all was lost. She saw defenceless men. shot down or stal4bpdj. nay, she saw death made doubly sure by the ruthless bayonet. Then thefierce troopers and the soldiers came :up, but she stood calm and undaunted, and there -was such divinity in the-stately womanthat the maddened soldies forgot to be rude, and left her in saf-ty. The teit" ~niidred"; she stood besidj it while they cut and hacked the canvas t a"-eet'1'nybel was concealed beneath the folds. Captain Noel came up and giveA-ordera that she-and her be longings.wer to be respected. " Why so ? Pe!-hrp it sa thatitmystenous influence iEct eetris at timesto guard the good Nora knew that nothing but death would have -ket her brother from her at such .a.time, and therefore she quietly "made* preparations for the worst. The initial excitement soon calmed down, for. tite'-ame&'-dion that' the bush fire stops shio t when it reac! es the bare and barren plain. NKora waited-intil all show of re aistence was passed, and then --went to -eel. and apked him tTo.be allowed to se? ch for her l.rother'? bldy. But Markey did not li~e "quick quick." He: was s eak and tired, and thou1ht more of l ing down, and Nora actually puiishd the black out of the place artndordered- himrtrrt c at once to the camip, a' comnmand which he reluct antly.- obe yds--??ora--had-her mare tethered near the tent. She had contrived during all that awful day to keep the animal safe. She made no change in her'dres" but tied iip her hair in a great mass on the 'ack of- her head. She looked once more at the dead body of her brother before she went out. "I cannot do: moe for. you,'Owen," she said. " O my brother, my brother ! What you have endured for my sake ! My pocr brother ! But it is past for you, as it must be for me alao soon. And now farewell for a little while, but not fIr. She stooped down and kissed the dead man's brow and lips, and laid her head fora moment on his coldlhreast '- Owen," she cried, " you must pity me lt-,eeveryou are. Your love has always beern near me and around me, and- !t cannot be dead.;: Yodd'U aot haye taken it :!l 'with"you. But I love him too, better a thousand times than I did the oth!er for whom ail waS.cacr:icid.- -Even. yo?. And I must s5.f e him for the sake of'1 at.love, O lore, lo e ' is it worth all I havre paid for it ? Bu-ltt =will be done," svh- conti-nuedafter a prause, " it -will be cone, even if I have to leave you to do' tt' There were lights,,after the custom of her countriy, placed at the head ofthe bed. These she moved so that there was no chance of anything catohing fire, and then she went?out. fIn the misty.light she could distinguiish the sad mementus of the struggle-the torn tents, the piled up debris, and here and there the broken pike or shaltered gun_ But she took no heed of these. In one corner of the stockade there were some heavy planks placed so as to give a meagre protection, and beneaih them a small opening From the same place Lalor had crept some hours after. he had...received -his-wound and was carried off by his friends, \who effectually concealed him. The mare whinnied when she saw her mistress, and. rubbed her soft muzzle against the girl's shoulder. But she also had work to do. It took only a few minutes for putting on the saddle and bridle, and. Nora led -the - animal out of the enclosure. She had to avoid .any sentinel that had been posted around the field, because she knew that the s . st detention would ruin all her hopes of savin. the people of-Blythfield.- Mark y .ould gie suficient. instructioris for t e guidance of thetroopers. Very caution y she proceeded, and at last she reach d the open space at the foot of the hill, d knew that the time had come when b r great effort was to be tried. Would s e succeed? Would she be in in time. warn ? The mare was ready for her s of the work. She had been fretful a impatient when held in by the strog hand of her mistress, but when No leaped to-her back the beautiful creatu laid,,down. her ears and started off in full stride in an instant, shaking her head and bounding with all four hoofs from the ground in play. Then she settled dodrn for her long gallop. \- Fifleen .miles-fifteen miles !- Shall we'be in tiie ? '- -Nora--asked herself as she set her teeth hard and fixed herself in her seat. Then came the long monotony. Noth ing could be heard but the eternal "creak, creak," of. the cicades or the mocking cry of the laughing jackass, as he whirled aw'ay' fronrr-hissroost, farther and deeper into the wilds of the bush. Nothing hut the rhymatic beat of the mare's hoofs, now on the.hard quartz pebbles, now on the sdfter sward, where the deep thud-thud found distinct echoes amongst the ghost-like trees. Although so intent on the work she had nndertaken, with that singular soul play that affects our most serious moods. Nora began to marry the hoof-beats to words of her own. "In time, in time; ., love him, but never be mine, be..-ine." Perhaps all she had gone throtigh during that awful day had to some extent shaken her reason. She could only grasp the one great idea, of saving the man she man she loved; and almost coincident with this was the overshelming con sciousness.of her-great loss. But with all the phantasms that crowded her teeming imagination the refrain always rang in her mental ear, "I love him, but never pe mine, be min" - Up the steep slopes of .the .hills, down the echoing glades, across the little levels where the timid light struggled with the shadows cast by the great gums, and thres the fretted tracery on the cold ground. Nora held her way. Poor Fiffine did not understand it all, but evidently her beloved mistress wanted her to do her best, and she did it. She had given up play. :She had set herself to do that task whatever it was, and do it she would to the grim end, even if her slick sides began to heave with every deep drawn .Lreath, and the scanty air had to be caught in wide- distended nosirils. Was she not a thoroughbred, and had not her sires gained the honors of many a tield? At last, at lastsa check. Down the mare and her rider plunged into the ice cold waters of the Lee. Would there not be a minute to have the cool flood leave the reeking flanks, a moment to dash the hot muzzle into the stream, and let it flow down and cool the- dry and burning throat. Onlyan instant, not more; and then on again. But what sotind'is that which strikes chill on poor Nora's ears, as she passed near the track leading to Hel toff's shanty i By heavens it is the neigh of a horse, and she could hear the hoarse voices of men calling to each other, and the hurry rid suurry tfTmany~-feet and hoofs. "Now, my Fifie," thj'' r?s id as ahe stretched overand patted-the neckof he, mare. " Now only three miles more, and your work and inineis done? - : .::The.mare neighed her answer, as if she was actually coniscioda of- what was de manded of her, and. then she gathered herself up and shot out like an arrow from the how. But fleet steeds followed after. Not quick ,nough, however, for the six teen -men that had rushed from Heltoff's whenrthe so'udif the passing horse was heard by the sentinel outside, and by the horses whb had-welcomed, in equine language, the approach of their honest sister. There was no doubt about it.- It codld only be a'?py to wsrn their inteided victims, and save the rich booty from their clutches. " On, boys; we -shall catch him, and make hibi pay for interfer ing in our busihess. We have had some of Heltof's blue ruin," and it is maddening our heads, and putting murner in our hearts, if it was not there before. And that infernal spywill pay for it all in his life-blood. Whip and spur, boys. Whip and spur. Your cattle have travelled be fore, and, by heavens! they must travel now. if never azinj." Only two miles, my Fifne; only two miles more. They are tailing off. They are no match for you, tired as you are. No match for you,my beauty Only - one of them. A hig white brute that I can just see when he darts from one shadow into another. 'In time, in time, but he will not be mine,be mine.' No matter, Fifne; you and I have done well. Why both I Oh, why both ! Captain Noel came up, and gave orders that she and her belongings were to be respected. Why so? Perhaps it was that mysterious influence which seeuts at times to guard the good and true. Nora knew.. that nothing but death wonldliave kept her brother from her at such a time, and therefore she quietly marde preparations for the somt. The initial excitement soon calmed down, for the same ,eason that the bush fire stops short shen it reaches the bare and barren plain. Nora waited until all show nt resista:nce uas passed, and then ne,.t to Noel, and ,asked him to be allowed to search for her brother's body. (7' e Cosrlsr/ d.) CI L cs Lrn:_. 