©rigitrai Papa. HOW TO BEACH THE MASSES.— PERSONAL EQUIPMENT, A Paper read at the Clerical Meeting held at the Deanery, July 16th, by the Rev. W. G. Hindley. The object of this paper is to extend and amplify a remark made by the Archdeacon of Melbourne in his first paper on the subject. ' The way,' said he, ' in which any movement is commenced is all important. We may begin trying to provide machinery, or we may seek to bring into existence such enthusiasm as will find channels for itself. The latter is the truly successful way.' The question then becomes — ' How may we bring into existence snp.h fint.hnsmsm in the matter of reaching the masses as will find channels for itself ?' In trying to answer it, I would ask my brethren of the clergy to forgive me if I seem merely to preach, and to remember that I am speaking strictly ad cleruni, and that the materials for the paper are largely drawn from my own ministry. One is struck, first of all, by the largeness of the question. In other words, it is — ' How may we successfully perform those holy functions for which we were ordained?' or, taking a step still further back, ' How may we, under God, attain the object of the incarnation, passion, death, and intercessory work of our Lord Jesus Christ in such a manner that He may see of the travail of His soul and be satisfied ?' The very question calls for heart-searching and humiliation. It implies failure — after so long a time, after so much that He has done to reach the masses, we are asking the question, ' How to do it?' Individual clergymen here and there, for a shorter or longer time, have succeeded ; but is it not deplorable that the clergy should be compelled to admit that the masses — the great bulk of the people — not merely the so-called lapsed masses, but all sorts and conditions of men — are not yet effectively and savingly brought to Christ, nor even within the influence of His Word? The causes of this failure are various. They are stated to be : some times defective organisation, sometimes the whole blame is attributed to the want of zeal or ability on the part of the clergy, to the : want of interest -on the part of the laity, and to a thousand other wants — but they all appear to be secondary. I do not admit them to be true ; if organisation, zeal, or ability could reach the masses, they would be reached. A few years ago, amid the clapping of hands and great stamping of feet, we initiated a great scheme for reaching the masses, and had it been a question of organisation or money (obtained, apparently, without personal inconvenience or sacrifice), its failure would not have to be acknowledged to-day. The assumption that it is only a question of organisation is a fatal mistake. The zeal and the anxiety of the clergy on this subject are abundantly manifest. Witness their self-denying lives and labours. Witness, too, the special efforts that are constantly being made in the missions that are held, with varying results ; yet, whatever we may think of these means, they all go to prove that the clergy, as a body, are at least zealous. Yet— the organisation, the zeal, and ability notwithstanding— the masses are not reached, and we have to face the question — ' What'is the cause of our failure?' It cannot be with God. We are driven irresistibly to the conclusion that it is in ourselves. When we were ordained we did not anticipate this ' beating of a dreary wave' hopelessly and without help. The congregation sang the ' Veni Creator,' and the Bishop said, ' Eeceive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a Priest in the Church of God.' It was assumed that for the special work there would be a special gift— a gift of power. Ye shall receive ?power, and power 'finds channels for itself,' and is the indispensable condition of success. Without power there can be no efficient organisation or machinery, and with power the most defective organisation will be more or less efficient. St. Andrew's Brotherhood, for example, is an excellent institution — one of the most excellent of the many new expedients for reaching the masses. And so far as it conforms to N.T. models, it is a clear advance in the right direction. The need of personal direct service of the Christian man, as such, is insisted on. Our people have been taught too long that indirect proxy service by contributions of money was the kind of service for ordinary laymen. The responsibility of direct service* is now put upon every Christian man. And yet it is difficult to imagine the disciples in the upper room starting a branch of St. Andrew's Brotherhood, great as was their desire to reach the masses. It is nearly unthinkable that the Apostles should exhort likely young men to go out inviting others to come and hear them pray and preach. In those days the hearers of the Apostles could not help themselves, they had to go out. Some did it mockingly, others wonderingly, but somehow all did it — they were not able to ignore it. And believers were not content with acting as perambulating guide posts ; their pastoral functions extended much further — they wanted to bring men to Christ, and when this was done the attendance at Divine Service might be left to take care of itself. The original' message of St. Andrew, ' Come and see,' implied a reality. There was something to see. On the day of Pentecost, and on succeeding days, there was something to be ' noised abroad' — something to which the Apostle could appeal as an objective reality. 'He hath shed forth this which ye see and hear.' ' Go tell John again those things which we see and hear.' The appeal is to facts— tangible, clear facts. Can we make the same appeal now? Put the question, 'What have you seen and heard?' to one who has accepted the invitation of a Brother of St. Andrew, and what answer must, for the most part, be given? 'I have heard solemn and sweet music, I have heard words which men said were clever and logical, and withal well delivered. I have heard much which made me wish to ask — What shall I think? but I have heard little which gave me heart wounds, and made me ask — What shall I do? I have seen a white-robed priest and some very respectable people ; I have seen coldness and distrust between them ; I have seen even rudeness to strangers ; and I have seen little to make me wish to be with them or of them.' It is not too much to say that the St. Andrew's Brotherhood, under ordinary circumstances, has a very discouraging work before it. If only we could get back the power of the old-time religion there would be no lack of volunteers to go out with the invitation 'Come and see,' and while we live by faith, the masses need something to see — some notable miracle of restored men — manifest to all that cannot be denied. That the Ordinal is right in assuming that the Holy Ghost is given in some special way for the work of the ministry becomes more and more apparent as we study the N.T. (it may not be so much a fresh baptism of the Holy Ghost that we need as a fuller realisation of the power of that Spirit in Whom we have been baptised). The Apostles realised this power, and I know nothing in the N.T. that would justify the idea that power of the Spirit for service was to be confined to the times of the Apostles. They did not exhaust the resources of God; they received but 'the earnest of the Spirit.' 'The anointing which ye have received abideth in you'— a special gift to be distinguished from the ordinary gifts at regeneration and confirmation for a special work. The N.T. describes the gift as being filled with the Holy Ghost, and this filling is the essential qualification of men who wish to work for Him. The baptism of our Lord marks the division between His public and private life. He went up from the river ' full of the Holy Ghost.' John the Baptist was full of the Holy Ghost even from his mother's womb. At Pentecost the Disciples were all filled with the Holy Ghost. Peter was specially filled when, for the first time, he met the Sanhedrim. Paul received, and was filled with the Holy Ghost at the same time. The seven deacons were chosen as men known to be 'full of the Holy Ghost.' Stephen being full of the Holy Ghost saw the glory of God, and the Ephesians were exhorted to be 'filled with or in the Holy Ghost.' Mark, too, how the Blessed Spirit reaches men, and solves our problem. Passing the events of the day of, and the early days after, Pentecost, how to reach Ethiopia became the question. The Spirit prepares and directs the teacher to the prepared student. How to reach the household of Cornelius ? Again the preparation of hearers and speakers ; then, by vision and direct communication of His will, bringing them together ; and finally coming Himself upon them with power. How to reach Europe ? The Holy Ghost blocking the way, and thwarting the purposes of earnest men — forbidding them to preach in Asia, suffering them not to go to Bethynia ; the ways to the right and left closed, leading perplexed men to Troas, calling them, unmistakably, to Macedonia and on to Philippi. When men are filled with the Holy Ghost, He Himself takes the active and manifest direction of men and methods to effect His purposes. Mr. Handley Moule, speaking on the subject, says : ' This filling is not identical in idea (whether or no, it coincides in time) with the initial work of the Spirit as Lifegiver. The filling is always seen as taking place when there is already present new birth, and the posses sion of that new birth is the occasion for a holy desire and longing to possess, in some sense, the filling. In the N.T. there are two aspects or phases of the fulness of the Spirit. The first is a special, critical phase, in which men or women are enabled to utter super natural prediction or proclamation. The second is the habitual phase, and describes the condition of daily life. One is abnormal, and is marked by crisis ; the other marks not so much the crisis as the habit — a daily filling, of a varying and increasing capacity. The exhortation ' Be ye filled in the Spirit' is a call to let the mountain springs of God rise in man — in his purposes and affections, in his works and will — calmly and surely to their blessed level.' The ordinary supplies of power, in other words, may be compared to the ordinary well ; the fulness, to the artesian well. The first will give supplies— to labour; the second will be a 'well of water in him, springing tip unto everlasting life.' 'Out of him shall flow rivers of living water.' If, then, the promise is ours — if the actual gift is waiting for realisation — what hinders ? What conditions remain to be fulfilled before this gift of power be ours ? The N.T. furnishes the answer. There are two distinct commands relating to the great commission. The first is, ' Go ;' the second, ' Tarry.' The first we have obeyed ; but do we realise sufficiently the importance of the second? Do we not leave out the upper room — the period of retirement, for waiting on God — retirement for days, weeks, if necessary — as a people who believe His promises — with the single object of receiving the promise of the Father, the enduement of power from on high ? Is not this a secret of failure ? Have we not been too easily satisfied with our imperfect equipment, and have regarded the work too much as our own, and not His ? And so a long train of distractions, secularities, schemes, have drawn us from the upper room, and long years of our ministry have been spent with insufficient retirement with God, our poor strength has been frittered away, and in weakness and despondency we hav.e cried — ' Who hath believed our report?' A second condition appears to have been somewhat overlooked — oneness of accord. In the ten days of waiting they were in one accord — one mind, one purpose. On the day of Pentecost, with one accord in one place ; on succeeding days, when the Lord added to the Church daily such as were being saved, they were in the same condi tion ; when they so prayed that the house was shaken — still with ' one accord.' The recurrence of this word cannot be accidental. Fulness of the Holy Ghost comes not to a divided people. It is not difficult to imagine conditions which would have made Pentecost impossible. If Peter had been there, unrestored, with an unforgiven sin on his con science, yet taking a leading part in all their deliberations ; if Thomas had been there, unconvinced, with his will set against the reception of the Truth, and sneering at what he called his more credulous brethren ; if John went in and out whispering about the heterodoxy of Thomas ; if Andrew had had a special mission to talk at, and about, Peter and his inconsistencies; if the whole body of the Disciples had presented a torn and divided aspect ; if, to modify the words of the present Bishop of Derry, they had gone about ' labelling and. libelling each other, and were always on the look-out for something to say against any man who dared to think generously and kindly' — under such conditions, although they had all organisation, and could speak with tongues of men and angels, humanly speaking there could have been no Pente cost — noreaching of the masses — as Christ would have them reached. I do not undervalue differences — they are many and important ; but why overvalue them ? Why allow them to impair the work of God ? Is it not possible, even in this late day, to form a new party that has the one object of seeking the promise of the Father, with a view of witnessing for Him with His own power? I am convinced that the great bulk of the clergy love that rhythmic fellowship— the oneness of accord that marked the early Church. ' And he who meddles with it,' says Dr. Parker, ' is a violator within the very shadow of the altar. If a poor cripple should be caught suddenly in some moral fault, then is the imperfect and blind Church enraged with him ; but the man who is speaking ungracious words, making unlovely statements, breathing a spirit of dissension, in the Church— who takes note of him? Number me with the wildest drunkards that were ever lost rather than with men who, with bated breath, can seek to mar the union, the sweet accord, of Christ's redeemed Church. I know of no Gospel for such men. It has not entered into the infinite compassion of God to have pity on them. To the disciple of dissension God has given no message, except the message of anathema and excommuni cation.' - ?? 3\. A third condition appears to be directness ' and definiteness of prayer. They were to tarry, to wait and to pray not for many things, but only one — power, and with the power came the many things. 4\. A fourth condition is faith. ' That we might receive the promise of the Spirit,' says St. Paul, 'through faith.' 'We are to take our stand,' says Mr. Moule, 'upon a promise ; not by mighty spiritual effort, but in order to it is that promise to be received. We are to take the Lord at His word, to trust Him to bless us fully in keeping it. Believing, we receive.' 5\. And the last and not the least is the need of a full — shall I say a more complete — consecration; or, in the words of our Thanks giving Prayer in Communion Service,, 'Here we offer and present unto Thee, 0 Lord, ourselves, our souls, and bodies to be a reasonable, holy, and lively sacrifice unto, humbly beseeching Thee that all we may he fulfilled with Thy grace and heavenly benediction.' Fulness of blessing follows completeness of consecration. This fulness may be ours. There are many qualifications that are far out of the reach of many of us; but this is within the reach o£ the humblest and weakest — the power other than our own, greater than our own — that may transform our ministry, and make the desert blossom as the rose. By means of this, men of lowly parts have become witnesses of great power. Great changes were wrought in the ministries of Wesley, Chalmers, and a host of others. Pastor Harms, of Hermansburg, was distressed on account of a barren, profitless ministry, and he sought for power after the manner of the Apostles. 'I prayed fervently to the Lord, and laid the matter in His hand, and as I rose from my knees at midnight, I said, with a voice that almost startled me in the great room, 'Forward, now, in the name of the Lord.' And after years the result is seen. From a parish ten miles square, with seven villages, but all overgrown with formalism and unbelief, a thousand at a time are seen flocking to church. The number of communicants rises to eleven thousand, and the desert of 1845 is transformed to such a paradise of 1865, that it has been stated that no parish in Christendom equalled it for spiritual attainment.' Mr. Moody, not long ago, noticed a Christian minister in one of his meetings who appeared to be ashamed of being present, and when he went away Mr. Moody thought he _ would never see him again. For days he did not appear. This troubled Mr. Moody ; but in a few days he came back again a new man, filled with the Spirit. Before this time he had an empty church. ^ A cannon-ball might have been fired through it during service-time without much danger of hurting anyone, and in less than thirty days it was crowded to the doors. The people heard that he had something to say, and noised it abroad. If only we are willing to adopt God's plan, and fulfil His conditions, whether we have changed methods or not, we shall become changed men, and God the Holy Ghost, through us and by means of us, will bring into existence such enthusiasm as will make channels for itself — the masses will be reached, and our reproach taken away from among men. 