A OT-EVER RTTHN! OR A TWTm It may not be generally known that M. Adolphe Badin, tho historian, has written- ah interesting work on St. Petersburg, in the oourso of whioh ho relates a curious ghost story connected with the Imperial Family, whioh caused great sensation among the -i-uuiuua u -or- jrcuro ana wmon Still affords food for gossips. It took place in the Church of St. Isaac, which contains, among other relics, a statue of the Holy Virgin, covered with precious jewels offered up to her by tho faithful. It appears that not long after tho death of Alexander II. a peasant was interrupted in his prayers by the oudden appearance of a phantom whioh rose before him. It was thats of tho assasiuated Emperor, who wore tho same blood-stained mantle as that which he had on the momont of his death. The spoctro walked slowly to the statuq, knelt down, prayed for a few minutes and then vanished. The peasant, though stricken with terror, was able to follow the movements of the mysterious visitor, and felt sure he was not dreaming. Still trembling he described his adventure to the verger of the church, who vbraggn big shoulders and raid he must have been drunk at tbo timo and had taken bis visions for realities. The verger nevertheless reported tho event to his superiors, who naturally laughed at him. But on the following day ghost reappeared. Again he advanced towards tho statue and prayed, raising his hands towards Heaven. This timo the verger wns there, and confessed that the peasant bad not made a fool of him. He aid pot, however lose his head, and, though afraid to approach tho phantom himself, ho called in somo of his colleagues, who, liko him, felt stupefied at the sight. The Ozar seomcd to cast a sorrowful glance at them, and then disappeared behind a pillar. The witnesses of this strange scene made their declaration to the Grand Marshal of tbo Court, swearing to the truth of what they bad seen. On tho next day tho same apparition occurred. On this occasion tho spectra not only prayed to tho Holy Virgin, but also walked round tho church before vanishing. No doubt could now bo entertained on the subject — tho soul of Alexander II. was tor mented, and needed more prayers and tapers to release him from purgatory. Tho news was borno to tho Court, where, it is hardly uec-ssary to ray, it created deep astonish ment. At first it did not encountor absolute incredulity. Tho members of tbo Holy Synod were consulted, and they promised to inquire into the matter. But Alexander III. lost no time in expressing bis indignation that credence should bo given to such a story, which was an insult to tho memory of his father. Ho sent for ono of his detectives, in whose skill and fidelity he had the greatest confadence, and ordered him to clear np the mystery. The detective went to tho ohurch, and, hiding himself bohind a pillar, waited for the result. In duo course, tbe phantom iippeared onco more, and as on previous occa sions, directed his steps towards the statue. The detective, although not a superstitious man, felt somewhat uneasy. He had served with his face" bathed in blooa ana"LuueuUg excruciating agony. Tho ghost prayed longer ut the Btatuo than usual. The detective, musteriug up all his courage, glided softly toward it, but it movod further away. In- stinctivoly the detective glanced nt the statue, aud discovered that many of the most valu able jewels were wanting. This fact at once opened hiB oyos, and lie dashed after tho phantom, which turned out to be something more substantial than a vision. The next second it was struggling to release itself from tbo detective's grip, but in vain. It was simply a thief, who, endowed with consider able imagination and audacity, hnd conceived tbo idea of robbing the relics in the midst of the terror caused by his apparition as tho Emperor's ghost. Ho was taken to prison, and eventually tried and condemned in Becrct — at least, so tho legend runs. 