THE THIRD VOLUME. BY FERGUS HUME. Author of "The Mystery of a Hansom Cab," "The Lone Inn," "The Chinese Jar," &c.; CHAPTER XLIV. THE TECTH. 1 Hilliston came and went in the spaoe of a few minutes. None of those present made cay attempt to stay his exit, but aa the door closed after him they looked at oae another in silence. Thinking of Hilliston's laBt speech, Denis was the first to speak. ' What does that mean, sir?" he aBked his master, with an air of helpless bewilderment. I think it oan only mean one thing, Denis," replied Larcher, rousing himself. " Mr. Hilliaton has at length awakened to the factof his dastardly treatment of your sister, and isabous to make reparation for the past. He intends to marry her." " But his Wife only died a few days ago, master." ' I know that. But Mrs. Bezel will also die shortly, and if Hilliatondeaires to atone for the past he has no time to lose. He can marry her at onoe, but he will again be a widower within the month." Denis lifted a pair of shaking hands, and Blowly left the room, followed by the sympathetic looks of the others. He did not even pause to learn the contents ot the sealed envelope left by Mr. Hilliston. Great as was his curio-ity to learn all that had taken plaoe on that fatal night, his love and grief for his sister was greater still. Bowed and grey and older looking than ever he departed, but there was one comfortable thought—Mona would die an honest woman if Mr. Hilliston was to be believed. When the three found themselves alone, Captain Larcher picked up the sealed letter with eomn reluctanoe. "Strange," he said, balancing it in his hand.. "For years I have been eager to know the truth. Now that I have only to open 1 this envelope to learc it I feel half afraid." "Nevertheless, it will be as well to lose no time in making ourselves acquainted with the contents," said Tait, eagerly, for he was in a fever of impatienoe to know all. " It may be a confession by Hilliston." "I think not. It is directed to me in the handwriting of Mrs. Hilliston." "To Ferdinand Paynton?" "No. To Captain Larcher." " H'm !" Raid Tait, with a start. "How did Mrs. Hilliston know you were Captain Larcher? Did she see you at Thorston ?" " No. But her husband doubtless informed her of my real name. However, we will l'-arn all from this," said Laroher, breaking the seal. "I believe this is a confession by Mrs. Hilliston." " But whatoan ehe have to confess?" cried Claude, as his father smoothed out a closely written letter. "She oan know nothing of the tragedy." "You forget," said Tait, with a eudden reoolleotion, "a Louisa Sinclair. She was at Horriston, and, according to Mona B&ntry;, was in the garden of 'The Laurels,'on that night. I would not be surprised if ehe saw the committal of the crime." " What! Do you think she is about to betray hor husband "Oh,"said Tait, significantly, "we are by no means Bure of Hillieton's guilt." Laroher found that the writing was too small for him to read comfortably, so handed the letter to Claude, with a request that he should read it out aloud. Excusing himself on tbe plea of the illegibility of tbe writing, Claude paseed it to Tait, who accepted the office with avidity. The letter was without date or direction, and began in an abrupt manner, highly suggestive of the agitation under which it had been written. Tait mentally noted these points, and began. "Thisconfession is to be read after mydeath by Captain George Larcher, and if he sees fit he has my free permission to make it public. Still I trust out of regret for tbe memory of an unhappy woman that he will not do, save in the arising of two contingencies. First, should he be mill alive, and accused of murdering Mr. Jerin,?ham. Second, Bbould my dear husband be aocuaed of the crime. In the event of tbe occurrence of either of these contingencies I authorize him to make these pages public. " To explain myself I must go back twentysix yocrs, when I waB residing at Horriston. You, Captain Larcher, will remember me well as Louisa Sinclair, for at that time I saw a great deal of yourself and your wife. I saw too mu'ik of her, for my eyes were sharp, and, but for a natural reluotanoe to disturb your domestic peace, I could have enlightened you as to her oonduot. She was never worthy of a good man like you. She was as bad as I afterwards became, and that is saying a great deal, as you will see by reading on. "I loved Francis HilliBton, your intimate friend. Belinda Pike loved him also, but there was no need for either of us to be jealous of the other, for Mr. HilliBton loved a'.third person; none other than your wife. No doubt you will be angry when yon read this, but your anger cannot alter facts. Yes, your dearest friend loved your wife. Let him deny it if he can." At this point there was a marginal note by Hilliston:— , "I do deny it, but that I am not in a i position to do BO I would nob let George Laroher's eyes rest on this confession. My poor wife wag insanely jealous of Mrs. Lar- oher, but I swear that she had no grounds to be so. I admired Mrs. Laroher as a friend— nothing more—and I loved Mona Bantry. She is the only woman who has ever attracted me and, notwithstanding my marriage, now dissolved by death, she attracts me still." This note was hastily scribblod in penoil, and after Tait had read it without interruption from Captain Laroher, he continued the oonfaseion:— " I admit that I was jealous of his attentions to your wife,"continued Mrs. Hilliston, "for though I did all in my power I could not win him to my side. Regarding tbe efforts of Belinda Pike, I say nothing. She tried to gain his love, and she failed. I was more successful in the end, but not till the lapse of many years. Here I may say that I have gipsy blood in my veins, whioh at times renders me insanely jealous, and which, in suoh a state, I am capable of all things. A reeolleotion of this may enlighten you as to my aoting as I did in the garden of ' The Laurels.' "I knew that your wife loved Jeringbam, and oould have told you of it. I am sorry I did not now, as she would have been disgraced, and then Francis might have turned to me for consolation. But I held my peace, and paid the cost of doing eo. I am doing so now—you also; for if you had been forewarned you would never have had to conceal yourself under a feigned name on acoount of Jeriugham's death. " At the fancy dress ball held at the Town Hall matters came to a olimax. My gipsy bluod made me mad on that night, owing to the way in whioh I was neglected by Francis Hiliiston. With some difficulty I learned that your Wife was to be dressed as Mary Queen of Soots, and with a view to making myself attractive in Hilliston's eyes I chose the Bame dress. With the assistance of tbe dressmaker, who worked for us both, I obtained a dresB similar in all respects to that of Mrs. Larcher, hoping that by doing eo be would epeak to me under the impression that I was your wife. My strategem was eucoea4ul. I was masked and dressed as ehe was. He spoke to me, thinking I was she, and I learned then how he loved her. At that moment I could have killed her. I could have killed him." Here there was another note in Hilliston's handwriting:— "Again I say the poDr creature was mistaken. I did speak to her under the impression that she waa Mrs. Larcher, but I said nothing that she oonld construe into a declaration of love. Her jealousy rendered her mad, and she distorted the idle words I spoke. She took them up m the wrong sense. "My suspicions were confirmed later on," continued the confession, "for I overheard them talking together. Yes, Franois Hilliston and your wife were in a oorner together, talking of iove. I listened. It was mean to do so ; but then I was in love, and—would have stooped to .any degradation to have reaoued him from her clutches. They talked about a dagger which he had given her to complete her dress. Aha! he did not think to complete my oostume with such a gift. Mrs. Laroher took the dagger out of itB sheath, and together they examined it. She blamed bim for putting an inscription on it, Baying it would make her husband jealous. Francis laughed, and said that you would never suspect him. Then Mrs. Larcher slipped the dagget back in the sheath, as ehe thought; but in reality it slipped down among the folds of her dress, and when she arose to go it fell on the gronnd. They departed, and I picked up the dagger. " At once I looked at the inscription, and there it was on the gold handle—'To J. L., from F. H.' I was so enraged that I could have broken the dagger. I tried to, but it was too strong for me, therefore I thrust it into my waistband and went in searoh of Hilliston to return it to him and reproach him for giving it to Mrs. Laroher. I saw him, wrapped in his cloak, go out with Mrs. Larcher. He was seeing her home, and in a frenzy of jealouB rage I resolved to follow." Margin note by Hilliston :— "It was not I who went home with Mrs. Larcher, but Jeringham. I was dressed that evening as a Venetian senator, and wore a long black cloak. This Jeringham borrowed of ma to conceal his fanoy dress when he left the Town Hall. My wife thought it was me, but she waa mistaken. I went home with George Larcher, aa he knows." The confession continues:— "They loft in Mrs.Laroher'scarriage,acd I, hastily wrapping a oloak round me, followed in a fly. When I got to ' The Laurels' they were talking together at the door, and the carriage had driven round to the stables. I sat back in my fly, for the driver did not know who I waa, and watched. I saw Mrs. Larcher kias Hilliston and run inside. Then I went out of iny mind—I was posseseed by a devil. He oame down the path, and turned midway to look back at the hoase. I had my hand on the dagger—it tempted me, and I sprang out on him. He turned sharply round, and had I not been blinded with rage I would have then reoognised him. But I hardly knew wbac I was doing, and before he could utter a word I buried ttte dagger in"hTB~ireart, when he' fell with a choking cry. I knelt down besidsllTm, and withdrew the dagger. Then I heard a sound, dropped the weapon, and fied. "Some little distanoeoff I ran into the arms of Francis Hilliston. I shrieked as though I had seen a ghost, and told him 1 had killed a man. That I had intended to kill him. He explained the mistake of the cloak, and said I must have murdered Jeringtam. Then he saved my life. No one had esen me come to The Laurels,' no one had seen me in the garden; so Franois took me back to Horriston, and I returned to the ball without any one having suspected my absence. "The next day the news of the disappearance of Jeringham was all over the town ; afterwards the bsdy waa discovered down the river, andmistakenforthatof Captain Larcher. Francis advised me for my own 6ake to hold my tongue. I did eo, and shortly afterwarda I went on a visit to a sister of mine in America. Francis refused to marry me on account of my crime. In America I married Derrick, the millionaire: he died, and I returned to London. I found Francis greatly in want of money, and as Istill loved him I married hiin. No one but us two really knew who killed Jeringham ; but, for your sake, Captain Larcher, I acknowledge my guilt, lest you should be found out and accused cf the crime. I could say much more, but this is enough. When you read this 1 will be dead, and my last words I Bwear are true. I and none other killed Mark Jeringham in mistake for Francis Hilliston. " Note by Hilliston:— " It will be seen that my wife was actuated all through by jealousy, but I swear she had no reason. I loved Mona, not Mrs. Larcher, not hor. I saved her life because she committed the crime for my sake. I married her because I was on the verge of peoumary ruin. I have nothing more to add. You oan blame me if you like, but I consider I have acted all through as I was forced by circumstances." CHAPTER SLV. A FEW 1VOBDS BY SPENSE2 TAIT. When the case had been stated, wlien the witnesses for and against have given their evidence, when the oounsel on both sides have delivered their speeches, it is then customary for the Judge to sum up the entire matter for the direction of the Jury. In this instance I am the Judge, and here is th9 Larcher affair nummed up for the understanding of the public. It has fallen to my share to wind up the story, so here I set down such results as happened from the confession of Mrs. Hilliston. The immediate result of her death was the marriage of the widower to Mra. BKZBI, which took place, BO to apeak, when the latter was on her deathbed. She lingered out another two months, and died iu the arms of her husband, at peace with all the world. Denis heartily forgave her, and the only bitter drop iu her cup was the absence of her child. Yet when Captain Larcher suggested that Jenuy should be told the truth, and brought to say good-by to hor mother, Mrs. Bezel with a Eelf-denial for which I hardly gave her credit refused to permit suoh a thing. She thought that Jenny would be happier if she was ignorant of the truth, and moreover, Mrs. Bezel shrank from letting her child know hew she had lived during these many years. At all events Jenny never learned the truth, and Mrs. Bezei died without seeing her daughter. That she fcrgave Hilliston for having deprived her of the child is, I think, a proof of her goodness of heart, for there is no doubt that he acted selfishly and cruelly in doing so. But enough cf Mrs. Bezel, her faults and virtues. She lies in Hamp^tead Cemetery, under & plain stone of rose-coloured granite, inscribed "To the memory of Mona Hilliston." So she had her wish at last, and died an honest woman. Captain Laroher returned with Kerry to the cottage in Ni<htingale-!ane, as he could not make up his mind to resume hia own name, or tear himself away from the bookworm life of twenty-tive years. No one knew the truth save Claude, Jenny, and myself, for Hilliston being absent from England does not count. The Vicar was also enlightened on the subject, and expressed muoh astonishment at the strange series of events which had culminated in the deaih and confession of Mrs. Hilliston. Unwilling to lose his old crouy, he heartily approved of Larcher's determination to resume hia usual life, and so the mattsr wts settled. Captain Larcher will remain Mr. Ferdicand Paynton to the end of his days, and will still be a mystery to the gossips of Thorston—how great a one they can never puess. But a notable change has taken place in his habits. He iB no longer a recluse, a misanthrope. When I am at the Manor House he visits me there ; he is a constant guest at tho Vicarage, and may be seenfrsquently fishing ba- Bide Kerry on the banks of the Lax. Folio win? the example of his mastor, Denis Baatry also renounoed his name, which he supersiitiouely regarded as one of ill-omen, and called himself Kerry for the rest of his life. If be was grieved for his unhappy sister, her life and her death, he finds consolation in the society of Mre. Claude Larcher, who conducts herself towards him as a nieos should do. But the relationship is not knotrn beyond the walls of Rose Cottage, lest it might lead to enquiries, and Jenny is still known as the daughter of Mr. Paynton. That Claude should call Mr. Paynton father is of course only regarded as natural by the village. Has he not married Jenny, and does he not stand in the relation of a son to the old man? Thorston gossips think he is a most perfect son-in-law, and never guese that any nearer relationship exiete between them. Of oourse Jenny and Claude were married as speedily as possible, and I do not know a happier coaple. Mrs. Larcher has quite converted me with regard to the fair sex, and plumes herself on her victory. She has the audaoity to say that she will yet succeed in getting me married, but I think that is beyond ber powers. Mr. Linton married them, and they spent their honeymoon at the Manor House, which I lent them for tbe occasion. Indeed, while at Thorston they invariably live with me, and I should be offended did they take up their quarters any where else. Not that they have any desire to do BO, for Rose Cottage is rathersmall, and besides, theManor is within easy distance of it, so that Jenny can see her father, or, rather, her father-in-law, as often aB she chooses. Claude still goeB to different parts of the world to build bridges and construct railways. Sometimes his wife goes with him, but she doGB not like to be so long away from Thorston. Paynton is now an old man, and oannot livelong, so Mrs. Larcher wishes to be near him as muoh as possible. Besides the cares of the nursery take up her attention,sol think that in a few months Claude will settle down to business in London, and make his home at Thorston, as be alwavH intended to do. There IB a pleasant little place not far from tbe Manor whioh I have been commissioned to buy for bim, so I really think that next year Claude and Jenny will take up their residence among-' us. The only person who disapproved of the marriage was Frank Linton, who accused Jenny of jilting him. Tbis was utter nonsense, as she never had any intention of becoming bis wife. However, the author coneiders himself badly treated, and haB taken up his quarters in London, where he writes books acd poses in Chelsea oiroles. But I do not think he will ever write so excellent a book as "A Whim of Fate," perhaps because Mrs. Ciaude Larcher refuses to tell him any more piots. She has a good reason for so doing, as the troubles which arose out of her finding the murder papers in the garret of Rose Cottage have startled her in no email degree. Still, a I tell her, she must look on suoh troubles as a blessing in disguise, for, after all, they led to her marriage and present happiness. But Mrs. Claude does not see the matter in BO amiable a light. Finally, Hilliston ! It is hard to say what has become of that gentleman. After the death of his second wife he withdrew from business, and went abroad. There I believe he is still, and from what I hear of him at odd times he seems to have developed into a kind of Wandering Jew. Franoe, Italy, Austria, Germany, Russia; he has seen all these places, and is constantly travelling about, no doubt trying to live down the past. Whether he will succeed iu doing so it is hard to say. After some consideration I have come to the conclusion that we have been rather bard on Hilliston. He did not love Mrs. Larcher, in spite of his wife's insane jealousy on the point, and I believe he wag sincerely attached to Mona Bantry, The blot on his character is that he did not marry hsr when she first oame to London, and, seeing that he was in love with her, I profess my inability to explam why he did not do so. Perhaps it was on aocount of her low birth, or the circumstances which oonnected her with Jeringham, but at all events he did not marry her till it was too late for the poor oreature's hapoiness. Otherwise I do not 86e how he could have acted differently. Louisa Sinolair was guilty of the murder, but as ehe did it on his account, and was wildly in love with bim, it was to his honour that he protected ber as he did. Whether he would have told the truth had Mrs. Larcher been convioted I do not know, but as Louisa Sinclair did not leave for Ameiica till Mrs. Laroher was released, I think Hilliston would have persuaded her to confess openly in the event of a conviction. It is true that he married her for her money, but I think he was touched by her devotion, and gave her some love. No doubt it was Mrs. Hillieton's remorse for condemning his father to lifelong seclusion that made her so kind to Claude when he was a lad. Now it is easy to see why Hilliston was reluctant that Claude and I should investigate the case. He waa afraid lest the truth should be found out, and his wife arrested. I was wrong in my surmise. Hilliston was not afraid for himself, but for the unhappy woman who had killed jeringham in mistake for him. The whole mystery would have been solved years ago had Dickv Pental epoken out as he should atrium have done. uitieeu But ms the moutn, fp~„Vh C h £i,*>T anu so s!;" tne '"s.v; oase WaB at a standstill for flve-and-twenty long years. It was strange that Jenny, who Bet the ball rolling, should have been the indirect means of avenging her father's murder—or rather of solving the mystery which ooncealed it. Had she not discovered those papers in the garret, she would not have been able. to give Frank Linton the plot of "A Whim of Fate." Had that novel not been written and published, Mrs. Bezel would not have read it, and thereby have been induced to write to Claude. Had ehe not done so, Hilliston .would not have tola Claude tbe truth, thenoa we would not have taken up the investigation and solved the myBtery. It was Jenny who was responsible for the whole. After five-and-twenty vears tho child of tho murdered man unconsciously enlightened us aa to the person who had slain him. Fate works in strange ways. But I do not wish to figure further as a detective. This one experienoe has been quite enough for me. The thought, the anguish, thn trouble ia too worrying. The next criminal case ic the Larohar family can look af '•er itself. I abandon the role of detective, and thus put the last word to my only criminal case. THE EXD. 