Kingswood Chace. The Marquis of Chillingham now edged his horse nearer to Lady Kingswood and said 'I believe, Lady Kingswood, beyond the confines of the purk there still exist rather extensive remains of some celebrated old chace, eh ?' ' There does, my lord. The old forest of Kingswood, in the time of the Norman kings, was of vast extent. No inconsiderable por tion of it is still comprised in the barony of Kingswood, and I can assure )ou, my lord marquis, the tenantry possess, and circulate, the most absurdly superstitious traditions re specting it and our H use, that any mind can conceive.' ' Your ladyship does not surprise me by that observation,' returned, the Matquts of Chillingham, with a cold smile. 'There is scarcely an old family in the kingd~.m without its ghost-story. S: far Erie overheard, but the remainder escaped his ear, for Cyril beckoned to him rather hastily, and as he joined him, he reined in his steed, so that they should fall back and exchange a few hurried whispers. ' That observation made by the marquis, and my mother's reply, means a visit to the Chace, where I met you -yesterday and be came indebted to you for a service. .Don't forget, not a word about what occurred.' Erle ~miled. Vyu mnay rely upon me.' he.returne,. SSee, Philip Avon is improving the occa'ion with Lady Maud. I like to .make pe:p e happy, so let us go and upset Philip Avon's tete-a-tete; I al petty sure L:tdy Msaud is sick of phliappics uy this time, and I know that an ounce of Cyril is worth a ton of Philip in her es im.tton.' He struck his horse with-the spur as he spoke, and galloped towards the pair, who were well on in front. Erle was not loth to comply with his suggestion, especially as be hoped he should -anon possess as much weight in the estimation of Lady blaud as ritber of them. They had no sooner jouined, however-to the palpable vexation of Philip Avon, and to the satisfaction of Lady Maud,-than the voice of Lady Kingswood was heard calling. to Cyr.i, and directing him to conduct them the nearest way to the Chace. He shrugged his shoulders, smiled ,at Erie, and calling our,' Follow me !' pusbed: his horse on at a brisk pace, fotlowed by the whole of the party. Lady Maud and Cyril pressed on, guided ba her nalfrev nearer to Erie. and commenced speaking to him. It was plain to him that it was an effort to escape the sttentions of Philip Avon, He immediately felt bouod to ass:st her in acbiev ing her object, and found hitoself exceedingly fluent of speech. 'This is where the Chace commences, Lady Kingswood,' cried Ciril. 'We must pass through yonder copse to get out into the broad glades of the old forest. There is one part of it very dark, therefore he very careful how you pick. your way through it: iris full of gaps and ridges.' ' I will attend to her ladyship's horae,' -re turned the Marquis or Chillinghban, in reply. \- Lady Maud, I will lead your horse,' proffered Philip Avon, in a tone suasive and soft. 'Thank you, no; I place my trust in my; cousin. Cyril,' returned Lidy Maud, in a dr ive and decide.d tone. Cyril laughed gaily. S'You observe,' he exclaimed, ' there is but one Maud, and Cyril is her i rophet. 'There is but one Maud,' .tnouzht Erie, ' but I fancy there is a. mistake about the prophet.' They quickly fell almost into single file,. Cyril leading the way. Philip Avon, with marked rudeness, displaced. lErle, and com pIlled him to bring up the rear. It was a small.incident, and Ede laughed copteimp tuously at it. Yet it rankled The way was yet scarctly wide enough for two steeds to pass abreast, wheir Philip Avon perceived Erle iii advance of him. The copse was so dark, the necessity for caution so great, that it s emed impossible for Erle to do other thain grope - his way. Yet he had given.his horse the rein, left him to pick his own path, slightly pricked him with the spur, and so Pnilip Avon was lefti behind. It was not with a view of retaliation thiat this was done; Erle scorned so petty a,pro ceedin4. It was, in fact, because. hecau- ii a glimpse of the dark figure of a ,iian dodging from tree to tree, and keepltg as near to Cyril as be could. Etle might have- th`ouht little of this, had it not been ihathih perc?riveedtrie figure raise its arm, as though to fling some heavy missile at C)ril's head, .and that he paused. only because he could not take a satisfactory aim. At length he ,observed :Cyril and Lady Maud emerge into the day!ight. 'Then a missile eat hbrled with deadly force, but it only whistled past Cyril's temple, withouit hitting him, The effect of this dastardly outrage was to cause Cyril to rein ion.his steed, in order to ascertain whence it had proceeded, and from whom. Erie, at this moment, uttered a loud cry, and dashed forward. In .n instant he was level with a man, who, with upraised club behind Cyril, and unseen by him, was about to deliver a blow at him, which, if it missed him not, would either slay him or maim him' for life. He delivered with swiftness a fearful lash across the rufflian's lace, who uttered a wild, yell as he received it. and missed, in 'cinse quence, his mark. But, unhappily, the hedge stake with which he was armed, glanced from Cyril's horse :and descended with frightful force upon the haunches of the high.blooded steed on which the Lady Maud was mounted. The horse plunged for an instant with frantic violence, and tearing his bridle fromn Cyril's hand, fled down tbhe glade with the velocity of a racehorse, the Lady Maud clinging to the pommel of the saddle. For almoment there was a horrified silence, then sticking his spurs into his horse's flanks Erle dashed after Lady Maud, leaving Cyril to settle with his assailant, whom he recog. nised as Tubal Kish. Almost instantly he found a horse's head at his saddle-girths, and the'animtal galloping onward as furiously as his own. At the same time a voice shouted fiercely ' Clear the path or I'll cut you down. This task is mine.' If a lance of the eye could slay like a str'ke of lightning, Philip Avon would have been struck dead in his saddle. Erle's eyes flashed. 'Not for a thousand Philip Avons will I give way You shall answer to me for your insolent threat, ;Mine the task to save her,' he responded passionately.. Over heaths and furzes, under the stragg ling arms of old trees, down sweeping slopes, up rugged rises, now over a sand gap, anon through a slushy pool, clearing everyimpedi. ment, flew Maud's horse, hotly pursued by Erie and Philip Avon. In vain the latter lashed his steed ; he could not overtake Erie. Away down a ravine, crashing and leap ing over boughs and prickly underwood along the uneven bottom and into the open. TO BE CONTINUED, 