A VICTIM OF TWINS. [By C. M. Thompson.] Mr. and Mrs. Presentfc stood on the piazza at the side of their cottage by the se.-gwatch ipg the twins. Standing with their backs to their;:narehts.-- th(He;-ybtihg' gentlemen.-:'were proudly regarding a gigantic baek-het at the end of their tennis court. Directly ^behind the net was a small grove of scrubby pines, which in the twilight showed merely as an irregular blotch of black. 1 • • Dressed alike in suits of white flannel the twins appeared against this in bold relief,' like white silhouettes. The back-stop which the twins were, so proudly regarding was, to tell the truth; rather shaky. They had somewhere found an old flsh net, which they had nailed to two poles.. So much of the work had been easy; but the task of setting the poles upright in the ground had been long and difficult. When the uprights were finally planted, and their bases abundantly bolstered with rocks, they appeared desirous to fall into each other's arms, like long- lost brothers. # A tennis baE driven swiftly and' accurately into the centre of the net would undoubtedly have, brought them together. But the twins thought their work perfect. ' . , Mr. Prescott casually noticed that one of the boys had his hands in his pockets.. "Tell him," said he to his wife, "to take his hands out of his pockets." - " Is it Max or Mort ?" asked the mother. ' " Oh, I don't know !" said her husband. > • "Neither doT," returned his wife. They both laughed a little. "Why did you let them get those ridiculous white suits?' asked Mr. Pres®tt. "In that dress it is impossible to tell tnem apart." ,": ■ "They've got on different colored neckties, said his wife. : "Well, ask them to turn round." " O boys!" called Mrs. Prescott. The twins turned with precision, and faced their parents expectantly. The one on the left wore a blue, the one on the right a red scarf. The one on the right was Mort, the one oh the left was Max. "Morton," said his mother, "take your hands from your pockets!" Max tittered as Mort sheepishly obeyed. Then both came forward. "Boys," continued their mother, " your father and I are going to drive over to the Blakes' this evening. Maggie is going out too. Do you think you can go to Ded quietly at the proper time?"'• "Ye3'm," said Max. "Of course," said Mort. A few minutes later, as she and her husband were driving out of the yard, Mrs. Prescott caught'sight of the servant leaving the house. "Be sure and.be in by 10, Maggie," she called, "Sir. Prescott and I will not return till late."- _ _ ' " Yis, mum," said Maggie. . _ ' At the moment, a lank pedestrian was walk ing lazily along the road. _By a certain added self-consciousness in his gait a close • observer might have guessed that the brief dialogue was not without its interest for him. This was Styggles, a man whom an uncharitable father had without remorse christened Hodijah. His father, Hodijah said, had taken a. mean advantage of his youth. "I've hearn,". lie added, of men with an elephant 011 their hands, and I. guess they was sorter em-' barrassed; but I'm the only man I know of whose father made him a birthday present of two elephants. Seein'I've got to drive them two elephants—one of 'em Hodijah and t'other Styggles—tandem all my life I guess I may be excused f'm doing anything else, ez the work is wearin'." > Consequently Hodijah was the most com pletely shiftless man in the not far distant village wliere he lived. When he could not avoid it he did odd jobs about town ; but for the most par the loafed. On this particular evening Hodijah was^on his way to join some cronies who were going out in a boat ostensibly to fish. Until Mr. and Mrs. Prescott had driven by him he walked as if on his way to the bedside oi a dying friend. Then he began to loiter as if it had suddenly occurred to him that his friend's name was Methuselah, And as lie loitered, lie thought. - "That ere city chap that jest drove by,"he said to himself, " was a mightyslick-lookin' feller. Guess they hant been sutferin' much up where he lives fur a meal of victuals. Haint et all they've got, most likely. Got so much on hand prob'ly they have to feed cold roast chicken and mince-pie t' th' pigs ev'ry mornin'. Wouldn't be surprised a mite if that was so. ""Why, my soul and body, it's a sin and shame," his thoughts went after some wander ing; "there aint no sense in pampering pigs no sich a fashion nohow. I guess 'twould be doin' no harm if I sh'd kinder git ahead of that feller's pigs. 'Taint likely they'd keer, not bavin' no partie'lar pref'rence for roast chicken, so far as I knows on. I guess that city feller'd jist as lives feed 'em on plain swill, jest for once. . it 'ud be a pity for them pigs to have dispensv, and I ain't goin' to allow it nuther!" concluded Hodijah, in a warm glow of philanthropy as he thrust an enterprising leg over the fence. • As he landed on the other side he gave a startled " Ugh!" Then he laughed. The lgugh came when he discovered that the white thing_ he had stepped on was nothing move harmful than a piece of linen, blown probably from the Prescotta' clothes line. "I guess there aint nothing white 'that wouldn t scare me all ter flinders in the dark," he reflected.. ."They do-say there aint no sick a thing as ghosts nohow. Mebby there ami.' There aint likely to be none in this here orchard : anyhow/ Gli6sts aint constituted right for eating apples—not accord in' to what I've hearn tell, though per. ctmt'vy, green apples. isn't likely to do 'em much hurt nuther. Anyhow, I'll resk-it.". So saying, Hodijah slunk in among the trees ot the Prescott orchard, there to await the proper' moment for his contemplated attack upon the Prescott pantry. The twins/like the good boys they were, went to bed at the hour of nine. Once in bed, however,' they thought it no sin to enjoy a vigorous if brief pillow- fight. Then they lay quietly for a little whiie; but presently Max rolled over and whispered in Mort's ear : "I'm awfuih- hungry." " So'm I," said Mort. "There's pie in the pantry," whispered Max.. "Go get it," said Mort. "No—you get it," said Max. "No, }-pu get it," whispered Mort, "I got it last time." ~ : Max, considering the argument valid, slipped out of bed, and encouraged by the softly spoken " Good for vcu !" of his brother, began feeling his cautious'way downstairs. It was intensely dark. Max, however, knowing the location of every article of furni ture in it, made his way quickly without noise or accident to the dcior of the kitchen. Here he began groping for the knob; but grasped instead something rough and woolly. The next instant he received a blow upon his head which .first made him see a dozen rockets bursting in airy and then have the sickening sensation of failing down, down, down. Then he lost consciousness. Hodijah had given the blow. Pie in hand, he had started to leave the kitchen as Max had Etarted to enter. Frightened by the sudden hand laid upon his coat, he had dropped his plunder 'and struck out fiercely in the "dark. The blow, tho result of a blind instinct of self-protection, had knocked Max senseless to the door. With the oppressive stillness that followed : his unseen enemy's fall, a new the noise of terror entered the heart of Hodijah and held it still. Was he whom he had struck down in the dark, dead? . Hodijah did not dare to stir. He felt himself held fast in the impalpable grip of that horror which walketh in darkness. Then an! overpowering curiosity invaded him to look upon' the face of his victim. He felt it rise in his heart and spread itself through his rigid body until it fairly trembled in his finger tijis/ ■ Dominated by this morbid desire, and wholly against his will, he began to fumble in bis pockets for a match. While he himself was filled with an insane hope that no match was there, this curiosity, like the alien will of a mesmerist, forced "him to feel in one pocket after another until at last the match was found; and.its will,.not his, compelled him to strike the match and. turn terrified eyes toward the face upon the floor. It was the face, of .a young boy—and it was white and beautiful. In. the brief space, during which, the match flamed _ up, every line of that still face was burned into Hodijah's memory as if with a brand. In a second more wild, remorse filled liis heart, mingled with fear. He arose and fled. He had entered the house by one of tlie long casement windows w.hich opened from the sitting-room upon the piazza ut the side. To reach the sitting-room lie must pass through the front hall. Thither consequently he rushed,. care less, now what noise he made. With an increase of panic he perceived that a soft light pervaded the hall. .Casting his eyes upwards he saw a sight which froze his blood. There, oil the landing at the elbow of the stairway, stood the double of him who lay white and still in the room beyond. One hand of the figure rested lightly on the stair rail, the other held aloft a small candle, the pale light of which dwelt mysteriously in _the folds of the long white robe that fell in straight lines from the youthful 'shoulders, gave strange glints of gold to the auburn hair that crownec^ the head like an aureole, and caused the dark eyes, to shine with a brilliancy that seemed supernatural. Indeed/under the soft flame of the candle Mort looked the angel of light which his mother thought him—sometimes. _ To the " pitiable "scamp, a prey to superstitious terror below, he was a visitor from another world, whose beauty made him the more appalling. Hodijah, in fact, found meeting a ghost as discomposing as his fondest fancy had painted. He felt cold about the roots of his hair; his spine seemed ice, his blood a glacial stream. He liad 110 strength in his knees. His eyes I bulged out. His feet seemed fastened as with | rivets'to the floor, and he trembled. The two stood there a moment gazing at each other. Naturally. Mort was the first to recover his self-possession. For him tlie en • counter held little thht was terrifying He was not, indeed, quite sure that what he saw before him'was a gawky fellow who seemed badly scared, though in the dim light it seemed to be! ' Anyway, if the intruder .was ,frighten^!,!he reflected sagely, why should he Inmself be? ■ . • So to make-sure, be put out one white foot, and with questioning eyes stepped down one stair. The movement was too much for Hodijah. With a gurgled j-ell he sprang into the sitting room, ^crashed through* the window, cleared the piazza at a bound and sped toward the grove of pines at the rear of the house. Mort, stopping to comprehend no more than that the enemy was in full flight, uttered a whoop of victory. " Come ou, Max, come on !" he shouted, and plunged after the flying Hodijah. \ The candle went out. Mort flung it away. His long nightgown bothered him, but like a .racer who girds up his loius, lie gathered it about him and away! so excited he scarce knew what he was doing. Certainly in this moment he was an odd figure of a ghost. The frightened Hodijah ran wildly on. Once he looked over his shoulder. "There behind him' followed the white figure, and seemed to his heated imagination fairly to fly over the ground. Indeed, Mort was close upon his heels. . _ With the energy of despair Hodijah re doubled his pace and ran for his life, where he cared not, Until—ugh ! what clinging horror was this in which lie felt himself tripped and fallen and hideously emeshed, as in some ex aggerated spider's, web? Mort saw tlie burglar crash headlong into the tennis back-net—then poles, net, man, all came in one. confused heap to earth. Whoop ing an Indian Mort circled about the sprawl ing and kicking man; then he darted upon him as a spider darts upon a fly, and in three seconds more had him so thoroughly wrapped up and enveloped in the net that escape was impossible. Finally, to make assurance doubly sure, be sat down—a solid ghost!—plumply on Hodi jah's neck. From this novel resting-place, to an accompaniment of gasps and gurgles from beneath, he began hallooiug to his brother. "Coma on, Max," he called, "Fve got him !" Max, on recovering consciousness, was at first decidedly dazed. He did not know what had happened to him. He felt that the floor was hard and that his head ached; all else v/as a blank. For a minute he lay quiet Then, feeling a little stronger, he raised nimself upon bisknees. In doing so, his hand came in contact with the pie which Hodijah in his fright had dropped. At this he began to remember. He had- come downstairs after pie—yes, that was it—arid had fallen, or run into something hard. Then it occurred to him that his brother must be growing impatient, and he got up to go to him, pie in hand. . As he did so he heard Mort shouting' outside the-house, and, full of sur prise, lie made his way to the piazza. There he dimly made out a white figure sitting on a heap of something dark, and heard his brother's voice calling— " Come 011, Max! Help me hold this burglar." Tne word " burglar" cured Max at once of all his pains. In his excitement be no longer took count of so small an ill as a headache. "I'm coming!" he shouted. "I'm coming! "Sit on his legs and stop his kicking," said Mort, breathlessly, when his brother arrived. "There, -that's it! He's all right now, I yes. Just think, Max, we've caught a burglar! I guess father won't laugh at us any more now. My! won't he be sur prised ? -1 wish I had that pie, just the same!" '' I've got it, "said Max; and the boys began munching the pie, seated tranquilly on Hodijah's back. . As they ate, the boys talked. "I'd like to know where you've been all the | time, Max," said Mort. "Wliy,; I ran into a door, or something, and it just laid me flat.- I didn't hear anything till you called. Say, where'd you find the burglar? Was he in our room? My, if I'd seen him!" "'Twa'n't in the room," said_ Mort. "I heard you tumble, but didn't think anything of it. Then you didn't come back, and I was afraid you were eating all the pie. And I met the burglar in the hall. You bet he was scared, though!" Hodijah, who had been lying still for a few moments, collecting his scattered senses, now spoke. " \ "Be you fellers both alive?" he asked, doubtfully. "Well, I rather guess we are !" said Mort. " Wal,"_said Hodijah, "I'm mighty glad on it—you kin bet your bottom dollar on that without much resk, now I tell ye." He heaved a sigh of unutterable relief. " What does he mean ?" said Max to Mort. " I'm sure I don't know!" said Mort. ' " How coines it that you two fellers look so consarnedly alike ?" asked Hodijah after a | pause. -" We're twins !" said Max. "Oh, ye be, be ye ?" muttered Mr. Styggles. "Say," he resumed after a moment's thought, "ye"needn't be off'rin' me none of that pie, I 'cause I don't want none." Soon tlie moon, whichrose late that evening, J flooded the grounds -with pale light. Sir. and ; Mrs. l'rescott, driving into the yard, saw the two white figures in the tennis-court. " Mercy on us !" said their mother. "Boys," said their father sharply, "what are you two doing there in your nightgowns ?" "Sitting on a burglar!" cried Max and Mort. -Uoston Youth's Companion. 