NEWS OF THE WORLD Immense damage has been done to vine yards in Victoria by caterpillars. British farmers are opposing the impor tation of Australian eggs. Mr. J. H. C. Langdon, city surveyor, Adelaide, died at Prospect on January 17. The Chinese are still being slaughtered by the Japanese. The body of a child has been found in a hollow tree at Dudley Park, Melbourne. Great loss of life has been occasioned by an avalanche in Switzerland. The Taxation Department is making a "haul" from defaulting income and land tax payers. The Port Darwin telegraph line has been interrupted by floods. Patrick Dunn, a patient at the Little Bay Hospital, Sydney, committed suicide last week by cutting his throat. Two Chinese astronomers have been put to death by the emperor for getting drunk on the night when an eclipse was due. The police authorities of Munich order all persons to close the windows when play ing musical instruments.. An attempt has been made to induce fhe French Government to tax ladies' stays. The Hollanders are the greatest tea and coffee drinkers, using 240 oz.. to the inhabi tant every year. Miss McClellan, of Sydney, has been awarded £250 in a breach of promise case against Septimus Maris. A hurricane has done terrible damage on the Fijian Islands. Towns wrecked and banana plantations destroyed. The Public Prosecutor at Milan has been fatally stabbed by an anarchist named Bellochio. A large number or new sorts of fruit trees are coming to South Australia from London, consigned to the Government. Heavy rain has fallen at Dundas (W.A.), and general exemption from labor condi tions has been extended until February 2. The Hon. G. McGregor says " the pastor alists filled the country with the riff-raff of every city in Australia. Sir Jenkin Coles began bis 33rd lap in the race of life on Saturday last. May he have many more laps to run. Stoddard's English Eleven beat eighteen of the Broken Hill cricketers by an innings and 8 rims. Lord Randolph Churchill appears to be on his "last legs," his affliction with "locomotor ataxy" being serious. The Mayor of Port Adelaide stopped the traffic in Nile-street the other day because the cessation of traffic was the only chance of a man's recovery from a serious accident. Premier Kingston says it is the intention of the Government to enquire if it is not possible to assist fruit canneries and co-operative wineries. The London Police Court Mission has induced 1,662 persons to sign the pledge, and 3,138 visits had been made to police courts during the last year. Madame Patti is troubled with persons who write begging her to adopt their babies. Hundreds of such offers come to her in the course of a year. Caycay, a West India island, is inhabited exclusively by turtles, some of which grow to an enormous size. Attempts to establish human habitations on the island have always failed. Japan's foreign trade for 1892 exceeded that of 1891 by 20,000,000 yens. The principal increase was in the values of silk and tea. Mr. Kingston has visited the Clare dis trict " to find out what he can do for the country, and more particularly for the producers." The arrival of Afghans is troubling the Coolgardie people, and a "roll up" meet ing has been held to protest against the influx. Annie Grocock, of Sydney, when in the somnambulistic state walked over the balcony of her house early the other morn ing and fractured her skull. Every able-bodied male in Norway has to serve in the army. The first year he serves fifty-four days, the second twenty four, and the third year twenty- four. He gets only his board. The German naval authorities have decided to exclude the use of wood alto gether in the construction and fitting ont of new men-of-war. Even the furniture will no longer be made of that material. In 1893 there were 634 strikes in France by which 4,386 factories were affected, and in which 170,123 men took part, the num ber of working days lost being 3,174,000. In the five or six months of the year during which the sardine fishery lasts 60,000,000 of these fish are caught off the the coast of Brittany alone. An actress has just died in a London work house who years ago married a man worth £40,000, which was run through mainly by her extravagance. A widow in Paris was so haunted by the fear encountering her dead husband's ghost that she married again, thinking that the presence of a successor would keep the apparition away. Some burglars made an unsuccessful attempt to open a safe at the Sussex-street post office, Sydney. They left the following note:—"Tools broke; we'll come back to-morrow." Stoddart, captain of the 'English Eleven, is a London stock-broker; Phillipson, who is also independent, follows no occupation; Ford is a private tutor; M'Laren has a post in the office of a Manchester manufacturer; 1 I Gay teaches the young idea how to Bhoot at Brighton. It is rumored that Sir Henry Arthur Blake, K.O.M.G., will sui-ceed the Earl «rf Kintore ; as Governor of South Australia. Sir Henry I was nominated as Governor ot Queensland ! in 1888, but the Queenslanders virtually refused to accept him. I The Rev. Dr. Parker, of the City Temple. I London, says reporters who report his sermons are literary thieves. His sermons are not delivered for the public, but [to his | " own church and congregation, to people who pay to hear it, to seat-holders, to people on whose sense of justice I live." Mrs. Gray, wife ot an undertaker, of | Newcastle, New South Wales, scolded her I I servant girl (Eleanor Turner) because she broke a teacup. The girl gave her a saucy answer, -whereupon Mrs. Gray threw a knife at lier, which entered the girl's left breast. The girl died shortly after. The Rev. Alexander P. Doyle, C.S.P., 011 December 3, ISM, addressed by invitation the students of the Horailctical Society at the Union Theological Seminaryi Now York, on the subject of preaching. He accepted the invitatiou because it "would be one more span to the magnificent bridge that was being built in this age of religious tolerance across the dark and muddy stream of religious intolerance." Miss Mary Anderson, the popular actress, declined to meet the Prince of Wales to reeeive bis congratulations. She did so from conscientious motives, and not from bravado. She had heard much of the Prince. By proclamation in last week's Gazette Her Majesty has beeti pleased to appoint the Konorable Samuel James Way, Chief Justice of the Provience, to be Lieutenant Governor of the province and its depen dencies. There is tbe sum of £i 10s. I0d. un claimed at the National Bank in. the name ©t John D. Smith of £aponda. Smith, where are you ? The last claim on the deposit was made on January IS, 1887. Eggs have been bought perfectly fresh after travelling for ten weeks in West Australia. They were packed small end ' downward in boxes of 300 each, in layers of 1 50\. Each egg was in a cardboard compart- < meat. Common chaff was then sifted in, j making all tight. This happened, however, ! m moderately cool weather. ] An elderly man, named Sexton, of Mel bourne, fell in his bedroom in a helplessly ! drunken condition. His wife was too drunk ! j to assist him. When she awoke in the morning he was stiff .and cold. Some pupils of the Polytechnic School, Paris, lately met with a singular adventure. They were detained at school for some mis demeanor, and hit upon the idea of mak ing their escape by a subterranean trap door -which led into the sewers. They lost their way, and after nearly 24 hours were finally rescued by some sewer men, who heard cries from the bewildered adven turers; The most desperate outrage ever com mitted by brigands in the Island of Sar dinia took place on Wednesday, when a town of two thousand inhabitants was attacked and plundered by miscreants. The scene of the outrage was the town of Tortoli, in the district of Lanuser, and tbe brigands, who acted in military order, num bered at least one hundred. The gendarmes -were defeated, and the robbers looted the town. There ib a monastery at St Honorat, on an Island near Canes, France, which was 1 built in tbe fourth century. No women j has ever been allowed to enter its walls I Curing tha.1,400 years of its existence. j A horse having broken away from a do®-* cart through ^the shift snapping, jumped over a parapet of London Bridge into the Thames. A steamboat loaded with pas sengers was passing through the bridge at the time, a.nd the horse narrowly escaped falling on it Some men in a boat assisted the horse, which swam ashore, and it was landed apparently little the worse for its plunge. The Bussian Grand Duke Alexis has a mongrel which for many years has been his constant companion. Already it has been tbe means of saving six human lives a fact which is not likely to lessen the' affection between master and dog. Most of tbe deaths that occur on the field of battle .result from bleeding to death before surgical aid arrives. The Fiench Government have under consideration a scheme for tattooing the soldiers of the French arzny with a certain mark over each artery, so that a wounded man would be able to staunch the flow of blood himself and thus increase his chance of living. Speaking at a banquet, given to him last week, Mr. John Howell, referring to the Proprietary Mine, said " The cost [ot work ing] would be further reduced without if possible cutting wages, but after a while expenses would have to be cut down, and pertaps wages reduced to make the sulphides and low grade ores pay." Mr. Kingston stated at Clare last week that it was not true that he was travelling through the Clare district with a view to tbe future. " When West Adelaide did not want him, he would trouble no other district." In a. debate with the Hon. G-. McGregor at WiUiamstown the other night, the Hon John Warren, M.L.C., said that through men going on strike "the consumption of articles of food, luxuries and clothing fell off, markets got ovei -stocked, prices went down, and general depression ensued. If this be so, the bimetaleists are out of it What are we to believe ? That tbe depres-' sion is caused by strikes or by the « ap preciation of gold ?" The Hon. John Warren says, having " a couple of hours to spare in Adelaide the other day he looked over the newspaper files from January to the middle of June 1890, and found that out ol 31 labor dis putes during that time that 13 were because of conditions demanded by the men, 8 because of men demanding shorter hours, 3 because they demanded move pay, 1 because they demanded the dismissal of a manager, 2 because they objected to the maintenance of proper discipline, 1 be cause they would not work with free men, and only 3 because of conditions demanded by the employers. 