NEWS OF THE WEEK- P. MeDermott is the name of another fever victim. He was fomerly a workman in the employ or the Hampton Estates Co. The sum of £60 was stolen from a lodger at the Temperance Hotel. Ford Street, on Saturday night last. It seems that the victim went to sleep in a drunken state with the money, mostly in £5 notes, in his pocket. On awaking he found the pocket empty. The numbers of the notes are known, and all the business people have been warned by the police, so that, it will be difficult for the plunderer to get away with his booty. Some telegraph lines are still worked on the Morse system. What is wanted here is a little remorse. The total population of Western Australia is at present 82,072. Mr. Sligo has called upon us in reference to the Mt. Malcolm suicide, and states that, as the bearer of a letter from Errol, the mate of the deceased Albert Lockner to the police, he desires it to be known that Errol spared no effort either to find Lockner or to promptly report the matter to the police. Mr. Sligo delivered the message he carried to the local sergeant, having met him at the Donkey Rocks, about 120 miles from Coolgardie. Mr. Siigo says that there is not the slightest doubt but that the case was one of suicide. This was the conclusion arrived at by Messrs. Robert Heriot and Paul Dickson, who assisted in the burial of deceased. The rumor of murder was set about by those quixotically anxious to spare the dead man's reputation (although why a man. should be blamed for taking his own life when mad with thirst, we do not know) : but they forgot the effect such a statement might have upon the living. A mail service, has been established from the 90-Mile to Menzies, once weekly. Mr. T. Moriarty is the successful tenderer at £100 per annum. A. tri-weekly service to the Londonderry has also been started under the charge of D. Carmichael at £78 per annum. The people of Kalgoorlie are by no mems strong on amusements. The beuctit'" to Mr. Harry Neville resulted in that gentleman losing 10s, while at the Hospital - benefit" on the following night there was a dead loss of 15s, not a soul appearing at the hall. It is with profound regret that we announce the death of Mr. H. G. Powell, the well- known singer and musician. Mr. Powell was a youn y«ars of age, and has succumbed to the fever plague which is now decimating our population. Mr. Powell was at one time a member of the. Carl Rosa Opera Company, and was the possessor of a very beautiful voice, besides being a first-class musician. His last public action was to act as stage manager for the late Hospital benefit concert, and it was on the night of tlie performance that he was taken ill, being removed to the institution whose welfare he was seeking to promote. It was there he died, being the object of assiduous attention ou the part of the nursing staff, and attended at the last by Mr. Tom Bower and other friends. At the Police Court yesterday, before Mr. Warden Finnerty, Hugh Sharkey was charged with sly-grog selling. The case was dismissed. P. G. Gamett was summonsed by J. P. Leahy for £15 11.9 wages. The case was adjourned. The Sydney Daily Telegraph, commenting on the telegraph system. says:—" The extraordinary conduct ^>f telegraphic business in West Australia on important occasions has been under the consideration of the Victorian Postmaster- General, who has(we learn from the Age ") determined to dispatch a strong remonstrance to the Government of that Colony on particular matters of comment as well as some useful advice. There are contingencies arising from time to time when the whole of the cable traffic between Europe and the eastern colonies has to be carried on the single West Australian wire between Albany aud Euela. This occurs whenever there is a breakage on the transcontinental line from Adelaide to Port Darwin, such as took place a fortnight ago. Instead of acting: in a rational spirit, by giving reasonable facilities for the cable business at these times, the practice has been in West Australia to transmit all local business and private communications first, with the aggravating aud intolerable result that the outside world is made as mute and dead to us as the planets for a more or leas extended period. Last time an interruption oeeured, all Eastern Australia was so isolated for at least two days. Furthermore. the Telegrpahic Department in West Australia is utterly behind the times in failing to realise that it must provide a constant service. During the small hours of the morning it suspends operations, an unheard of laxity in go-ahead communities, where, atsuch times, freedom from fresh business is availed of to work oif arrears." Daring last week the following salutary convictions were recorded by Dr. McNeil. •J.P., at the Police Court :—Thomas Blunn, for vagrancy, was sentenced to three months hard labor; Edward Stanley, for the same offence, to six mouths, and "Thomas Parke, also for vagrancy, got three months: Johu Stewart for being druuk and disorderly, was rusticated for a period of two months." A meeting of the newly formed miners 1 union committee was held after the meeting on Saturday, when the- body was entitled The Western Australian * Gold Miners Association." For the new Municipal election the candidates now known are Messrs. F. W. Ellis (Secretary to the Hospital). G. W_ Reynolds. Martin Walsh, J. DeBaun, and Philp(Philp and RoyLs). The Ticliborne-Cresswell mania has got a firm grip ou the public In the eastern colonies. The Editor of the Ballarat Courier, in an answer to a correspondent, says:—" To the question. ; Was Lady Tichbome mad 1' we cannot give half a column of space." "We should double dashed i well think not. The Murchi&tm; Times describes George Leake as " the Hon. Geo. Leake, Solicitor- General." Won't George be surprised • Xote to correspondents.— if! Totkersider'": Your letter is blasphemous aud abusive, and does not contain a shred or scintilla of argument: we can infuse all the invective into its columns that this paper wants. " One Who KnowE": What's the use of | | shrieking to us to il rememberPeter Lay lor." ' None of TIS are likely to forget him; bat his j help on Coolgardie would be pretty harmless unless you propose to materialize his ghost. We sympathise with your complaint, however. and have written up the whole subject from at least 70 points of view during the last three months. You will see. therefore, that no purpose, good or bad, could be served by publishing your letter. If you wish to combine economy withexcellence, bay only the drinks made by the | Pioneer Aerated Water Co.—Advt. | Whisky and Pioneer Sodawatcrislfche drink for Coolgardie.—Adit. J j I ! j j ! The following telegram appeared in Wedliesday-s Wert Avrtraltut:- Last year huiidreds of voters disfranchise!! through lack of electoral claim forms. Applied at Registrars office, but could only get twenty; 110 more available. Kindly forward large number claim forms here, as badly wanted. 1 have never receive! any reply to my telegram. The Registrar here is sending people to me for claim forrsi^. as I got a few privately from Perth. They are nearly all gone, aud all i persons wishing to vote who have not already secured claim forms will be again disfranchisei;. Kindiv wake up the authorities in . Perth, as it is a crying shame and a disgrace ' votho=e responsible that such a state of affairs ; should be permitted to exist in an English speaking colony. You might also urge upon j authorities t o ment ion printing of claim forms at once. (Signed) JoUX Ma.RSUAI.Ia secretary West Ausiraliun Gold Diggers" Association. A meeting of the executive of the \\\ T em Australiau Gokl Digger's Association was held iu j Kennedy's rooms ou Monday evening. Mr. •John Marshall in the chair. A set of rule-, j drawn up by the secretary for the association, j was discussed and amended. and ordered to be submittal) to tiie first general meeting for approval. The visit of the Minister to Cool- j gardie was considered, and it was i-esolved to ' appoint a deputation to wait upon him and j io lay before him many of the anomalies existiiigin the present mining laws, also to insert j advertismersts in the local papers asking mine owners, mine managers, :iud working diggers to send in suggestions with a view to the ! above. The secretary reported, that neatly 5*1 diggers had joined the association, which j number would, he expected, be considerably augmented during the eoniuig week. The , meeting then e1esc>!. ; At the local court yesterday monti!i£. ! before His Worship Warden Finncviv. in the ; following cases judgment for the phiiiitiif. was given :—McHenry Clark. Lissimau smd . Oo. v. S.omervilie and Heussler: Counsel v. SouierviUe and Heussler : Fox aud Lyons v. : •Souicrvilleand Heussler: Mohar and Smith v. earnervillc aud Heussler : Arnold. Lamb and Leiper v. Sotnervillc : Hi tide v. Gillies. The followTiigcasewasstruckout:—Rockliffe v. Shand aud Co. The ea^e, of Fairclough v. Alex. Footc was settled out of court, an order beius made for costs. Tiie cases of . Ah mid v. F. and 'J'. Mahomet aud Oosmau v. F. aud T. Mahomet were adjourned until Otli j March next, owing to the illness of Mr. . Pillungtori; manager for Messrs. F. aud T. Mahomet. In the case of Joseph Kerr v. J. Ryan, Mr. Heuiting appeartug for plaiutiii aud*Mr. E. G. S. Hare for defendant, the i case was dismissed with costs to defendant, the plaiutilf being unable to .-how any business license. In the case of Alfred \ Greenwood Hales v. Mrs. Hickey. for rent ; due, Mr. E. G. S. Hare appearing for plaintiff and Mr. Harney for defendant a verdict i was given for plaintiff. The case of Jno. ; Rapkiu v. Smalpage, arising out of sale of , Hidden Treasure Miue at the 45-Mile, was j proceeding when we went to press. •' The Mayor (Mr. Shaw) wired from Ade- ' laideon Tuesday to the effect that his return i would be delayed for a couple of weeks owing to the illness of Mr. Huxley, who is in the ! Private Hospital sufferiiig from typhoid fever. Captain W. H. Williams is offering £50 i reward for the conviction of the person or persons.who wilfully injured his horse on the 5th inst., at about eleven a.m., opposite j McHeury Clark. Lissiman and Co.'s store, to sucli au extent that the horse bolted, and narrowly escaped doing serious injury. The j horse was unfit- to work on the day after the injury. It is to be hoped that someone will ; secure this handsome reward. I Our readers will be glad to learn that the ; Rev. E. M. Collick. who so shortly after his arrival iu our mid6t fell a victim to the j present epidemic, is progressing as favorably j as possible. Uufortunately his friend, and j lav assistant, Mr. Conn, is now also amongst the number that fever has laid low. j We would call the attention, of those travelling to the Black Flag, to an advertisment j appearing in our columns of Messrs. Stub- j bersfield "aud Co. condensors. As they are situated on Beudigo mine road, (and therefore ou a nearer track than via the Cattle Swamp) j having good feed in the neighbourhood, and : selling water at2-}d per gallon, they should j prove a boon to travellers in that direction. It is proposed to hold a University aud Publie Schools dinner in Coolgardie on Saturday Feb. 23rd. All former members of the j English Universities or Public Schools j desirous of attending, are requested to send in their names on or before Saturday the 16th. inst.. to Lawrence C. Goodrich, Exchange Hotel. Among the many distressing incidents ! attendant npou the prevailing epidemic in ^ Coolgardie, one of the most distressing is the j attempted suicide of Mr. Walter E. S. Cox. a . young managed 27, a native of New Zealand, and a nephew of the late Rt. Rev. Dr. Harper. ! formerly Bishop of Ckristchurch. .The uufortunate young gentlemau is a part owner ; of a large coudeuser at the Red Lake, and the firm of three has been peculiarly unfortunate, One partner has already died of fever, a second was removed to the coast suffering from the same trouble, and the third aud last, j Mr. Cox. was brought in about a week since, half dead from fever aud sunstroke. Efforts were made to procure his admission to the ; hospital, but the tents were all full, aud Mr. Ellis, secretary to the institution, took the patieut into 'his private room, where he was indefatigably nursed by Mr. Ellis aud Mr. Laurie. During Friday the patient was very delirious, and his mania continued all night, j Towards morning he grew calmer, aud finally appeared to go "to sleep. This gave Mr. Laurie an opportunity to step out, but when 1 he was gone the sick man gotout of bed. aud. seizing a knife, inflicted a terrible gash in ; the throat just as Mr. Laurie re-entered : the room. He was at. once secured, but not j before he had succeeded in severing the ; carotid artery. Drs. M'Neil aud Ellis were soon iu attendance, aud everything possible was done, but at the time of writing the patient was in a most precarious condition, and it- is probable that we shall have to make a melancholy record in this instance, as in so many others, before much time elapses. 