A Montana Divorce Suit. P.v W. L. AI.TJJ:N J.-? " Tnr. IIH.KU." You Baw that tall chap standing on the rear pi a tf or m ot the express when she vrent through here this morning ''. " said the Jericho station-master. " He's the Athensvitle Baptist preacher, and he's on hi6 way to Chicaeo to give his testimony in tiie great divorce suit. What! I never told you about any divorce suit? Well! you surprise me ; for that there divorce suit is just the biggest thing of the kind we have ever had in this section of the country. " That Baptist preacher hasn't anything to do with it except to swear that he married the plaintiff and the defendant. There's nothing crooked about the Rev. Mr Humphreys. He's as good as they make 'em, though I say it myself ; aud I don't think much of Baptists as a general thing, having been brought up a Methodist, though I resigned from them when I was made a conductor, which is a berth that a man can't do anything with unless he can-swear a blue streak when the occasion arises. ••Tiiishyer preacher took charge of Athensvilln Baptist Church a matter of five ye.irs ago, and being a wonderful man for ::;.uiaging a church, and making it attractive to the general public, it wasn't long before he had the largest congregation of anv preacher iu the place. That year the people built him a new church twice »> big as the old one. It stands on the nill j.tjout a mile out of Athensville, I'm- when it was built it was cal'lated that the town would grow in that direction, which somehow it haeu't done. " 1 tell this just to show what an enterprisint: man the parson was. He insisted on having the tallest steeple to his new church that could be found anywhere in Montana territory, and b'gosh ! he got it. People used to come from miles away to climb up in that steeple and see the view. There wasn't any view to speak of, the country being too hilly in these parts to have much eceuery, but for all that people were anxious to Bay that they had been to the top of the steeple. "There was an old maid in Mr Humphrey's congregation who was more determined to set married than any woman you ever saw. She was one of those tbin, preserringlooking women ; and a mighty dangerous sort they are. Miss Payson, which was this lady's name, was bound to marry a youug man by the name of Halsey, who had never done her any harm, and waB about as seusible and well- behaved a chap as there was in all Athensville. Of course, he didn't have the least idea of marrying the woman, hut he was one of those good-tempered chaps thatare always afraid to say no when a weman asks them to do anything. Good temper is the ruin of lots of folks. It's kept me down, I know that. If I'd been one of these crusty, rampageous fellows that never does a kind action if he can help.it, I should have been superintendent of this road instead of being only a statiou-master atone of the smallest stations in the Territory. Never you be too good-tempered. Of the two, it ruins more men than whisky. • 4 One day, Miss Payson she gers young Halsey to take her up in the steeple of the Baptist Church. You see, visitors were always going up that steeple between the hours ot ten and five, during which the sezton stayed at the church to attend to things, and see that everybody conducted chemselves as they should. At •} o'clock he locked up the door that led to the steeple, and then he locked up the church door and went home for the nigrit. "Miss Payson and her young man went up the steeple about three o'clock in the afternoon, but Ehe said she enjoyed it so much that Halsey was prevailed upon to stay there with het a good deal later than he had intended to stay. She kept him pointinc out all the houses in the town aud every hill and valley in the whole neighborhood ; and when she finally asked him to look at his watch and tell her the time, she was. as r,lie pretended, dreadfully alarmed to find that it was half-past five. Halsey tan down the stairs and found that the door was locked, and nobody was within hearing. The sexton had forgotten that there was anyone up the steeple and had locked up and gone home at five o'clock, as usual. Halsey came back and told Mies Payson, who burst into tears, and said that her reputation was ruined. She and Halsey would have to spend the night in the steeple, unless he was willing to lump out of the window and break his neck, and she would rather die a thousand times than iet him do that. "Halsey was considerably scared himself, lor he saw that, unless he could invent some way of getting Miss Payson out of that steeple, he would have to marry her whether he wanted to or not. He thought the matter over for a while. Miss Payson weeping her level best, and resting her head in a forgetful sort of way on his shoulder. Finally a bright idea struck him. There was the bell rope, which was a stout one-'nch manilla. Why shouldn't he lower Miss Payson to the ground with it, and then slide down it liim self? He explained his plan to the lady, but she didn't seem to like it. She said she was sure the rope would break, or that he would drop it, or that she would be killed in some 6ort of way if the experiment was tried. ' No,' says she, ' I will remain here, and trust to your honor as a gentleman to defend me from the sneers of the heartless world. I really haveu't the courage to allow you to lower 1112 down this awful height with any rope. "Halsey wouldn't hear to her objections, and argued with her along time. It wasn't until he accidentally mentioned that the steeple was just chock full of mice, and rats, and bats, aud such that Miss Payson consented to try the rope. Even then Bhe was a mighty dissatisfied woman, and came very near resolvine that she would take the risk of the wild animals rather than lose such a nrstclaes chance of capturing a desirable husband. Halsey ringed, up a sort of seat for the woman, so that she could sit in the bight of the rope, with lashings around her here and there, and couldn't fall out if she wanted to. Then he got her to stand on the window ledge, and lowered away. Miss Payson shrieked a good deal at first and begged Halsey to let her come bnck and die close to him, but he wasn't j;oing to baye any woman dyiug arouud bis nec k if ha knew himself. So he. lowered hsi down geutiy and easily, encouraging her a.'l the lims, til! ho found that his rope Lad come to aa rnd. 1; 'vr.<••:.*- - •.':.• a« Irnr R" h-t suppo s ::d :1;.'-T \ <.•. aud tho unshit was that there wiis »;>-» i'.ivmii: „boui iLirtyfeei from lite gr0"t-d, w : t'n no poMible v.-j.y of reaching it uultss iialsey shouiU k-; .c. his holaof therope. " He thotiL'lit. of !i:ti.ing_go of it. but, beinga humane, jrood-teiupei-ed n.ar,. I havesaid, he oouldn t triniT hin.vjif to do it, ?iaec theroKilt would hive been that either Mi?* Paypon would liuve been killed a*: taa.vr most of her limb- would ht.ve bo- n t -ken. So he made the end 01 the rope fast to a beam , and ceiled out tt> Miss Payson _r.ni to Um. courage, <md he would FOfia tbiiii: oi icrnc way of uer.ting her out of the uiili'-ulty. Shs: be^ed him to driiw her up aL'^-iii. asd htactually tiied to do it, knowing a'.l the while what conse'|ii.-.-nc<"* -sroulrt be if he succeeded ; but La found that he di dn't liave the i.ec3:seary Ptrengvh. Paysoa whs 1\. .ayier than sbulooko.I t j in.-, :!juuirh sl-e wa- ::.agtly bones : but she v-a«- a good -even".y-Mv-s feet below him and it would have taken ivo men ot his strength t" Liive hoisted ntr ir.to thi_- steepieagaiu. H<\- puiled at tue ropetiliht was pretty near e.\i:;iu>:ted, for lie naturally felt a little a-Lamed of acknowledging to woman that there was anything li.a.t he wasn't Btronj.' euouini to do. However, _ he had to come to it at last, and tell her that if it was to save both ilieir lives he couldn't manace to pull her hack into the steeple. So- ahe settled dowr. t. cry, and he sett led dowii to smoke a p:p«, with a view to clearing his ideas. All of a sudden he saw what he ought to do, and wondered that he had been such an idiot us not to have seen it before. There waethe hell just ahove his head, and all he had to do was to ciinib up and ring it by twinging the clapper from side to aide, tiU the alarm should brine back the sexton with tho keys. By this time it was getting rather dark, and fiakey set to work at that bell, and kept on tolling it slow and recular, for that was the only way he could manage to ring it. "It's the custom with us to toll the be'il when anybody dies, and to give just as in any strokes on the bell as the deceased ha<i lived years. When Halsey began to toll that bell the Ataeueville people listened to find out how old the deceased had been. When the strokes had got up among the eighties they allowed that the oldest settler i:» the town must have died very sudden, for he had been seen drunk as usual- and in perfect health that afternoon as late ae three o'clock. But the bell kept on, and soon, after i* had tolled soma two hundred a&d; fifty times, and ehowed no signs of stopping, folks began to think that the sexton had just happened to hear about the death of Methuselah, and was notifyingother people of the fact. " You miy ssk why didn't somebody go to the ciiurch and find out what the bell was ringing for. Well, for one thing it was just sapper time, and nobody felt anxious to take a walk of a mile or two just at that hour. Then, t oo, it had been said that the Baptist churchyard was haunted, and there wise': any general desire to interfere with ghosts in case they should have taken a notion to toll the bell. The tolling kept on till Habey had tolled the bell four hundred times, and then the Rev Mr Humphreys arrived on the spot; and when he heard M;e= Payson's voice somewhere in the air over his head, he was considerably startled, thonnh not being a btlievcr in ghosts he wasn't the least bit frightened . " 'How on earth did you come up there, ma'am'?' asks the? Minister. * And what are you tolling the bell forP ' " Miss Pay?oa explained what was the matter. She ss:d that she and Mr Halsey had come to the church in the afternoon oal- 'lating to find the parson there, and to get married : that not Ending him they had gone into the steeple to see the view and had accidentally been locked in. She was sure that she couldn't live many minutes longer, she felt so weak, and she hoped Mr Humphreys tvould marry her to Mr Halsey without another minmte's delay, and so save her reputation, even if it didn't save her life. Hie minister wanted to send for help, and get her safe on the solid grotrod before marrying her, but she said thut she must be married before she could dare to face any of her townsmen. Such, she said, were alse dear Mr Haleey's views : and if Mr Humphreys bad the feelings of a man and a Christian, let alone a. Baptist minister, he would go ahead with the marriage set vice. Mr Hamriireys finally consented, and called out to H&'sey to nod when ho should see the" minister wave his richt ar::>, that being the only way in which Halsey could make the responses, seeing as his veice didn't fairly reach to the ground. Having arranged this satisfactorily, as he thought, Mr Humphreys went ahead, and in about two minutes he had Miss Payson married 10 3Ir Halsey. Just then the sexton came jp with the keys and knowing where he could lay his hand on a, length of rope, he took it up into the steeple with him, and bent it on to the bell rope. Then he ana Mr Halsey lowered Mies Payson to the groped, and came down the stairs together. "' You'll f-cd y; ur wife waiting for you in the graveyard,' said Mr Humphreys to Mr Halsey. She's naturally a little excited, and she's resting on a fiat tombstone." *• 'If you mean Mies Payson,' says Halsey, 1 1 can't understand why you call her my wife.' " ' 1 call her your wife,' eaid the minister, 'because I have jiist married you two, and I don't allow uc man to question the binding character of any raarriage that I have a hand in.' "'Married us I : cried Halsey ; 'When and where ? This is the first time I have heard of it.' ' Young :::an,' says the parson,' tnishyer's a serious subject, and I don't approve ot jokes on either weddings or funerals. Miss "Payson told me when she was swinging there in the air that you and she wanted to be married the worst way, and so I married you. if there is any mistake I'm not to blame. I've done my best as minister of the Gospel, and if you don't like it jdu can go to the Divorce Court and see if you can get it altered. I tell voa candidly that I don't believe any court will listen to yon, for my marriages are ironclad and bulletproof every time, and worth a good sight more than fiv« dollars that I'm waiting for you to pay me. *' Well, Halsey went heme pretty mad. without waiting to see Miss Payson, and the very next day lie begins a suit for divorce. That's the great divorce suit I was telling you about when I pointed out the Rev. Mr Humphreys to you. It's bften dragging along for four years. Sometimes ltjs decided in favor of HalBey, and sometimes in favor of Miss Payson, and then it's always appealed, and has to be tried over again. Miss Payson, ehe stieke to it that Halsey had agreed to marry her, and that he understood perfectly well every thing the parsonsaid while the ceremony was going on. The parson says that Halsey nodded as was agr«ed upon when he ask#d him if he tooK Miss Payson to be his wedded wife, and all that sort cf thine, and that Halsey had hold of tha rope that was tied to Miss Payeon, which was all tiie same as having hold of her hand. On the other hand, Halsey swears that he never meant to marry the woman, and never knew that a marriage ceremony was being gone through, but that he just nodded out 01' friendliness *.vhen he saw tha parson waving his hand at him. The evidence, as you can see, is pretty straight agaiust him, and when he does happen to get a verdict it costs him a powerful lot of money, for our jurymen arc mighty honest and high- toned, and it takes a good deal of money to induce them to sec things in alight favorable to Halsey. I'm interested in t io case because of its importance, for if the courts finally decide that a man can be married to a woman wh^u he is 7."»ft above her, and don't know what is going on, none of us is safe : and first you know that some woman That is rushing through here cn the express will bmarried to mt while I im seV.-r.g rickets in my oiiice, and knowing no more about it th.ui a child unhung. Well, there is no use ia sitting an:i dreading danger.- Jliit nisy never ccme t: time, audi turpcr-e that if it's a mat's ffite to be married he's got io knock under, arc there's 110 good ::i worryii:£ himself ever ii" till the time wOtnes.'' 