Roundabout Notes. OLD LANDMARKS. THE COAL INDUSTRY EXPANDING. MESSRS. STAFFORD BROS.COMMENCING PERATIONS ON THE NORTH SIDE OF THE BREMER RIVER. [By RED GUM.] "Joseph- Fleming, 1856," under which is a bundle of wheat neatly cut in stone, forms the epitaph on the front of the river-side ruins of the old Bremer Mills, and ruins that even to this day (although erected forty years ago), speak of the splendid workmanship of the skilled mechanics of the early days. While rambling in that direction quite recently, I had a look at the old mills, the stone-masonry part of which seems as solid as in the year in which the structure was completed. The property known as the Bremer Mills----- and what "old hand'' does not remember them ? con sisted of a steam flour-mill, steam saw-mill, boiling-down establishment, and 640 acres of rich alluvial land, having a frontage of three miles to the Bremer River. Hence the name Bremer Mills. For several years the Bremer Mills afforded employment to hundreds of hands, and there are many men in the present day who can thank their "lucky stars" that the mills were a going concern, thus enabling them to earn a livelihood: It must have been a great undertaking to venture in, and, although the originator has gone to that "bourne from whence no traveller returneth," the name of Joseph Fleming is still spoken of with respect. Only the other day, in Brisbane, I met a friend of mine who, in speaking of "old times" said: "Well, well; I scarcely know what would have become of us (he was the father of a large family) had it not been for a job I obtained in 1868 at Fleming's boiling-down establishment." No matter about that now. The flour- mill, however, must have been most substantially erected----- it still stands as a monument to the industrial era: of 1856 ; its erection was started, so I have been informed, exactly on the day on which the first newspaper--the 'North Australian' —was published by the Messes. Bays in Ipswich ; namely, on the 2nd of October, 1855. Just fancy erecting, in those far-back times, a structure for a flour-mill, 68ft. long by 30ft., and three storeys high, the walls 2ft. in thickness, and built entirely of through stones, cut (chiselled) on both sides ! And where, at the present moment, is there an acre of wheat grown in its vicinity? That flour-mill was the only one then in Queensland, and yet, judging from the completeness of its machinery, it was capable of supplying the greater portion of the demands, not only of Brisbane and Ipswich, but of the interior, Mentioning machinery, I might here state that Mr. David Rodger, now living at North Ipswich ( who came to New South Wales in 1843), was specially engaged to come from Sydney to superintend the erection of the machinery required in both the flour and the saw mills, and there are evidences to this very day of the thorough manner in which "Old Davie" performed his duties. At first sight the flour-mill especially looks as sound and substantial as it did of yore, but a closer examination of the surroundings shows that the floods created much havoc. There are now just the traces of the saw-mill, and the boiling-down establishment is still represented by a large brick chimney-stack and the paddocks; while the large and commodious dwelling-hones has vanished-the 1893 flood has a lot to answer for. Looking up, one sees the place in the end wall where once stood a large clock, a present to the late Mr. Joseph Fleming from his workmen. Peace be to his ashes ! By-the-way, in the vicinity of the Bremer Mills is an excellent stone quarry on the banks of the river, from which the whole of the stone was taken for use in the erection of the Bremer Mill, as well as for several other buildings in Ipswich (the Court-house and St. Mary's Church, I believe) \--is it worked out? On the opposite side there are ruins of the late R. J. Smith's boiling-down establishment. Busy times those boiling-down days ! Six steamers were then employed in the river trade between Brisbane and Ipswich. The scene is now being changed ! Roaming about in that direction last Thursday afternoon week, on the North Ipswich side of the river, my "turning point" being just opposite the Bremer Mills--which loomed out like a big "ghost" of other days---- my attention was soon attracted by the signs of workmen in the vicinity. "Hulloa ! what are you up to here ?" I inquire. "Can't you see for yourself?" comes a good-humoured answer. Well--yes; I saw. There were evidences of much excavating having been undertaken, and then I learnt that the Messrs. Stafford Bros., of the Whitwood Colliery, Dinmore, have purchased the whole of the Ivory estate (including the old Bremer Mills property), with over four miles frontage on both sides of the Bremer, and are now starting mining operations on a large scale on the north side of the river, on the land adjoining the well-known Bell estate. Already the Messrs. Stafford have driven two tunnels (considerably above the '93 flood mark), No. 1 tunnel being 180ft. in length, at an incline of 1 in 5, and a 7½ foot seam of coal is opened up ; while in No. 2 tunnel, which is driven in some 120ft., a 12- foot seam of coal is open to view in all "black diamond" attractiveness. Both these tunnels, which are in close proximity to each other, are 8ft. by 6ft. 6in. It is the intention of the proprietors to thoroughly work their new colliery \--indeed, they contemplate doing "big things" on both rides of the river, the indications in the surroundings being sufficiently assuring to induce them to "go in" for erecting machinery of the latest and best description, both at the pit-head and at the river-side. Tramways will also be laid down, to convey the coal from the tunnels to the "shoots." The Messrs. Stafford Bros. intend, of course, to despatch the coal raised at their North Ipswich colliery to Brisbane by water, for which purpose they have in view the purchase of a steamer and a number of punts. The coal-measure they have "topped" is said to be splendid for "coking" purposes, and large furnaces will be erected to carry on this part of the business. Altogether, tinstead of "striking ile," the Messrs. Stafford have struck coal--rich, and, to carry out all the work they have in contemplation, things will "hum" merrily enough in that direction for some time to come. It is to be hoped that the prosperity that is dawning in Queensland will " assume big proportions," and, in that case, all our industries must thrive, the coal industry in particular. Between you, Mr. Editor, myself, and the gate-post, let it come, by all means----- the sooner the better. That prosperity is ten thousand times welcome ! 