$oRAPS AND GLEANINGS. r- Coates; Sunday last was a dlay unfit for Christials, although it \ss a Sunday, as the oppressive heat'was" not condu cive to good temper or absorbing atten tion to n sermon. And f wtas net at all surprised when I was informed that one of the elders ofa local church was seen gravitating to the kirk with his "flogger" slung over his shoulder, and when within a eemnly, distance, the aforesaid garment was unslung and doltied carefully; so that tie nymn book might not full out of the pocket, and in spotleas array the individual in questio martched up the aisle, all un conscioos that his little comedy had been observed. The same authority inforati me that the," elder" looked tan talisingly' cool at' evening service, whl, it was seen hephad made achange to a tropical coatume, which wan the envy of the sweltering congregation. +-,. .. . ' 'f + :+ + At anocther church in the town the congregatiotalthough varying slightly in their opinions from' their brethren ofther'kirk, were nevertlteleos in har. runny at railing -againas the mourky. Iheavy ladened breath of eve. The listles, enervated congregation, who had exhausted whatever energy was loft them by making futile sman.ka at the liuziog flies at the morning ser 'ice were really to be commended for their rteligious. zeal in again attending: How iesit-that when one wants to keep n;a:religious frameof mind that, sun. dry flies.will persist in exploring every inch of your head, and redouble their exertions if you show by the slightest move: that you wished yourself .rid of their company I Desperate efforts were .made by the choir-to impart the. usual' veros to their singing, but they had to succumb in the middle of the Psalms, aid the only- sound in- har. niony with the organ was the monoton ous drone of thousands of locusts, who had raniged themselves on the trees in the church grounds, and manfully endeavored to keep up the tone when the choir had subsided. • Such a state of things lies at the door of the Clerk of the Weather as he gives us all the seasons compressed into a -couple of days,.and when he pats on the summer tap, of course palpitating humanity is unequal to the pressure. \+ + + - Some of the Johenie specimens of " didn't know-it.was.loaded" character hate made their way to the Western Goldfields, and as usual are the bane of their more experienced fellow-cres tures, the following incident being one of the many occanioned by such dolfs :-A prospecting party had just brought in their camels and were pro ceeding to unload them at the rear of -the Royal Hotel, Bayley-street, Conol gardie. Among the other impedimenta was a loaded rifle, which was at rapped to the back of one of the beasts, with the muzzle pointing forward, no douht placed in that position by- the driver so as to come in as a reserve battery in case of all attack on the road. Any how this style of 'equipment greatly took the fancy of the Johnnie in ques. titn, " who wanted to see how the thing worked, haw I haw 1" This " didn't.know-it-was-loaded specimen" got fooling with the weapon wlhen it went off, lodging a heavy bullet in the cam l'sakull, whereupon the animal rolled over and gave up the ghost. Such a fate to himself was only averted by the Johnnie's fleetness of foot, as the irate owner's actions all tended in that direction. :+ + + + + A gentleman who is the father of a pair of fine twins tells how, at the christening, the choirmaster, a former suitor of his wife's hand, took his reverge hy leading off the choir' with Sankey's hymn, " Still there's more to follow." \+ + + + As usual with all goldfields those in Wentralia are peopled with an admir able mixture of from all that is good to all that is bad, in fact an emnium gatherum, and of course the pranks and vandalism carried on by representa tives of' this motley gathering are sometimses provocative of much msrri ment, but the following act of vandal. ism, which was carried out at the Perth cometery, although facetious in ono seuse, is carrying things rather too far :-On one of the tombstones a fond parent of the rough and-ready descrip .tion who had lost his little boy, wished to show his submissiveness under the blew, and had the following lines carved on the toehb-stono : " We cannot have everything to please Sus, Iittle Willie's gone to Jouss." Some wag, struck 'ith the words, and perhaps wishing to pass a reprimand on the paraent for having such rubbish put on a tomb-stone, scratched below this couplet : " Cheer up strangeor who can tell, Perhaps little Willie's gone to h- ." x x x x x That gricket match on Saturday has cauan'd mtore arguments, contention, and small talk, than all the matches of the season put together. Muffinra, it is averred, should hIave put up ulose on a two-century score with the batting at their disposal, but sad to relate a run of ill-luck oacmed to be their portion for that day at lest, Batoman after batsmann wat dismissed in some silly idiotic way, which does not happen very often, and to experienced cricketers like thoca in question, should never Iave occurred at all. 8till on thlis occasion such a condition of affairs was brought about and the gallaqA e ere? wvr.dispotod of for four-.pqrp gaon,,a nsotieable fact being tlAh otly tttee ·rao wae dean hpotl5 .iat n great disappointment to their ocp. purters, who naturally became wret h ful, but when they entered into this: state there was such a multitude no ?ile inuee to look at, that they coult, ort thiut out who to become wrathft,. at, and finally looked agape at each other. "Thu merria men from Ro.e dal" were ,f =.ue jutilat atthe turn afll;ils had taken and went in to wip off this rnc ll total, little leckiug. the gloomy visages of their opponients.. But tlhe v pit. off chey found out tc., te t harder task than they anticipatehd, stalld .ande by two of th-ir players that gained Ilthem the victory. The vari.ua iouet have bc-cr horly disputed; but unfortucately ,otlhiug is to Ie guai i, and this match, which, i. n?lo a t'liiiq... of the. past. ,tl.uld c,c allowed to. dipe into ob.livion. Doub:cles the lMoflra. n.uare ah..,dy auticipating the..?ixt meeting between tl:e clubs and" I ?,m s., .ceon r hi t occaaion they will: gin?v a good account of themselves.. :: .. .. "__ _", "-'r-___. 