AUSTRALASIAN ITEMIS. lAWYEn (to witness): "Were AYou never charged with beating a policemalo?" Wit ness (indignantly): * No, I was not charged with that. It wasn't one policeman; it was three policemen." Bit from an interesting matrimonial ease before the Richmond Court in Victoria. An old man named David Smith, living in a whare at Maraigai, near Wanganui (N.Z), was burned to death the othler night. Only his bones were found among the debris. At the last meeting of the Adelaide City Council the gardener, reporfed that there were 86 trees in various portions of the park lands either dead or dying. Most of them would make good posts, and it would. be advi able to have them taken down by the corporation men. The concil adopted this view. The directors of the Broken Hill Routh Company have voted £5600 towards the fund for the relief of the sufferers by the recent fatality in the South mine. Eight of the nice victims leave widows with 25 children. The Tasmanian Assembly, an committee, by a three to one majority approved of the extension of the franchise to women. The Executive Council of Slouth Australia has agreed to a new bylaw whereby wool from the far northern stationi, when from stations nearlthe Queensland border, will be carried at £2 per ton to Port Augusta A shooking accident hippened to Frank Caoolling, a resident of Kotupsa (Vie ). tle had been fox-hunting in the paddocks, and his hor-e ran him against a tree with such force that his left leg was terribly smashed, and his right leg broken at the kneecap and below the knee He is in a very low state. The competition of the teamsters in Vie toria has induced the Railway Commission, re to make a considerable reduction in the freights chargeable for the clarriage of hides, eh epskins, and tallow. This means in some instances a rednuction of as much as 30 per cent. A petition has been presented to the New Zealand Parliament asking for an extra im port duty of 2d per lb on all packets and boxes of tea under 201b in weight. The petitioners point out that unless this is done all the Now Zealand tea merchants will have their teas packed in Ceylon, India, and China, and that thousands of pounds now spent yearly in the employment of labour will be sent to foreign countries. The Japanese at Thursday Island have hold several meetings during the week with the view of protesting against the inflow of their countrymen. The majority consider that the inflow of Japs would result in a reduction of wages to those now there. The South Australian Treasurer early in June stated that the deficit on tile financial year would be approximately £50,000. It is now understood that it will be between £90,000 and £100,000. The Customs revenue of Victoria for July amounted to £201,073, inoluding £10,378 as beer duty. The not revenue is £t90,81, being an increase of £11,066 on the net re venue for July last year. .Miss Ramsay, the smallpox patient of the R.M.S. Lusitania, is rapidly convalescing in quarantine in Adelaide. If everything con tinues to progress satisfactorily at Torrens Island, the others detained will be released at once. The earnings of the Melbourneo Tramway Company for July were £24,857, or £203 less than for July last year. A dastardly outrage was perpetrated at the Wairoa (NZ ) police station the other night. A. btttle of turpentine was thrown through the front windlow, smashing a large pane of glass. Along with the bottle was a note, containing the words, evidently in a dis guised heed:-" Sir,--Change your tactics about they unemployed or death shall be your doom. The next shall be a six Be two. -I remain, ONEareLon?-." The general mining returns of Tasmania for July are given as follow :-Gold, £20,480; gold pyrites, £285; tin ore, £13,688; silver, £12,685; making a total of £47,138. Thq total for the corresponding month of 1894 was £69,775 The practical joker familiarly term d "the ghost " has not yet been captured He has been reported from' almost every suburb (says the Melbourne Argus), and a few ?iSights ago he had a narrow escape in Colliegwood. Several score of people gave him chase, but he succeeded in getting away. His methods are similar to those of the "ghosts" and "spring-heeljacks" of past yeara. A lad named Sydney Errington was arrested at South Yarra on Tuesday night Ho was masquerading in a peculiar costume, which gave the impression at the time thathe was he "ghost." This was found to be a false impression. 'the area of'lands in South Australia occu pied upon some form of tenure on July 1 was 102,22,9.439 acres. The total held in fee simple was 7,139,337 acres, for which £0, 35,120 was paid. This includes 2,341,168 acres selected n credit, thd purchase of which has been completed for £2,880,8G8. The acreage at presentheld on credit is 681.779 on which £441,446 15s has been paid and £301,9:9 10s is due. The grants for education and the Uiiversity cover 469,121 acres, and those for forest reserves, 229,329 acres. The leased lands of the colony amount to 93.620:873 asres, bearing an annual rental of £180,703 .73. speakiog at Gympio Mr. Tozar, Colonial Secretary of Queensland, said that the Mini ster for Lands would shortly unfold a scheme for settling people on the laud, and the best land in Queensland would be available for occupation at the smallest po.siblo price. The Government would do all it could to assist agriculture, and he hoped before another year to have an agricultural college which would be a credit to the colony. A peculiar complication has arisen in con. necstion with the payment of money due bhy the Warrnambool Town Council, in Vicloria, to the contractors for a now bridge over the topkins River.' Prior to the completion of the work the contractora gave coveral creditors orders for money due them, which were presented to the town council. It was eventually found that the totnl amount of these orders .was £723 7s 10d, whereas the amount due on the contract was only £343 10s 3d. Acting on the advice of their solicitor, the council deolded to pay the orders accordint to priority of receiving them. Unfortunately the workmen (to whom £111 was owing) are among the late applicants. Mr. G. fH. Matthews is now at Mount Gambier in 'connection with the bitumen dis-, covory in the hundred of Caroliv.e, near the mouthof the Glenelg River. He is inspect ing the site in the interest of the recently formed South-EasternOil Prospecting Asso ciation. Mr. Mattheoss' object is to fix a spot at which to commence horingoperations. When this has been decided npon it is pro posed,to call for tenders for putling down ,ne or more bores as occasion requires, for it is the.ittention of the company to fully test the place, feeling certain that the indications give promise of petroleum being diseoveredl i. the locality of the bituminous find, which gave such encouraging results when sub mitted to analysis. The Australasian Federalion Leougne of South Australia was inaugurated by a public meeting in Adelaide on Thursday night. The Lieutenant-Governor was present. On the motion of Mr. Symon (the president), seconded by Sir Richard Baker, it was rosolved, "That in order to promote the present and future prospects of the Aunstralasiau colouics federation on the broad basis of justice and honour is imperative; 'that the time is ripe for s6ah federation, and that we pledge our selves to do all in our power to seurs it." The consolidated revenue of 'Tasmania for July amounted to £52,944. For the previous July it was £49,465. 