Apple Cank6r. ^ Although many years hare passed since the life-history of the canker fungus (Nectria ditissiina) has been worked outby the mycologist (says 0. TV. Herbert Greaves, in the Gardoierj1 Chronicle), themajority of practical fruitgrowers do not yet seem to fully recognise the feet that the parasite in question is the direct cause of the disease, and that, while every endeavour should be made to remove any unsuitable con ditions of growths that may predispose to, and thus act as indirect causes of canker, it is essential that steps should be taken to destroy or check the parasite itself. It is not surprising that the "rankand file* of practical gardeners should fail to attach sufficient importance to the life-work of the destructive fungus, for nearly all our leading poinologists have, in their published writings, treated this portion of their subject in a manner that is in the highest degree unsatis factory. Some writers when dealing with canker and its causes ignore the fungus alto gether; this is playing "Hamlet" without the ghost. Others, while admitting that it may do something towards aggravating the com plaint, regards its effects as of quite secondary importance. Others again look upon the fungus as an effect rather than as a cause. Thus, for instance, a well-known authority in a recently published and otherwise excellent little book on fruit culture says, with reference-to Neetria ditissiraa, "although this fungus may bo present in all canker wounds, yet it is probably only on accompanying effect, and not tho cause of the disease." In tho same work is given a wood cut intended to represent tho fungus; but the inaccuracy of the drawing compels one to sup pose that it is the work of 6omeone who has never examined the organism under the micro scope. The feet of such an Olostration being admitted indicates tbe slight importance at tached to the fungus by the aathor. litany similar instances might be cited, but my present purpose is not so mnch to criticise the work of my superiors, as to urge the necessity of directly attacking the parasite under consideration, in addition to adopting the preventive measures usually recommended. In other words, our warfare with fungoid pests should bo offensive as well as defensive, if wo desire to obtain a complete mastery over them. Unfortunately, the presence of the fungus is not usually detected until it has beeu at work upon its spore capsules sometime, for tho bright red-coloured perithccia do not at first appear, and even these often escape observation unless carefully looked for. Remedies are seldom applied until the warty excrescences and open cancerous wounds pro claim the dtgpas* to be in an advanced stage. It is needless to say that when tho disorder has progressed so far drastic treatment is necessary. Diseased wood should Iks cut clean out with'a sharp knife, and the wound, after baring been pared quite smooth, should be painted over with styptic made by dissolving shellac in spirit* of wine. Ror dressing small wounds I have found Canada Balsam answer well, but this substance would doubtless prove too ex pensive for covering large surfaces. Spring is tho best season for this excision of diseased wood and bark. If the cankered tissue extends so far round as to render the latter too weak to s .pport a crop or to withstand tbo force of the wind, it is well to cut the branch clean off below the injured place. Should this amputa tion spoil the shape of the tree the stump may be regrafted—unles.*, of course, a suitably placed dormant, bud be pushed into growth by the * heading back, in which case the gap may quickly be filled without regrafting. Although much may be done to arrest tbe spread of the disease by excision and amputa tion, it is highly desirable that tho fungus should he checked at a sufficiently early stage to make such drastic measures unnecessary. Tbe most obvious precaution is to avoid grafting with a scion that is already affected, even in the slightest degree. If any of the red fructifications (peritliecia) are to be seen, tbe shoot should be rejected, for, even if none of the innumerable spores contained in each peri thecum succeed m obtaining a foothold, the mycelium which has givcu rise to theperitheeia is able to grow within the living tissues of the stem. It is probable that the mycelium is able to keep pace with the growth "of the host, so that a scion in which even the minutest portion of mycelium is present may produce a tree whose every branch and twig is ramified by mycelial threads. Sooner or later these may cause the characteristic sores of canker and the destruc tion of the tree is only a matter of time. Whether the spores are able to penetrate the healthy cortex, or whether the fungus can only gain admission through cracks in the bark caused by frost or through puncture by insects, is a question that has not yet been decisively answered. Until recently it was believed that the spores of the fungus causing Larch canker (Peziza willkommii)—a not distant relative of Neetriu—could only attack its host through punctures or fissures in the bark, but it has been stated recently by hFr. J. B. Carruthers that they can pierce sound cnticular layers if the hitter are sufficiently young.' It is quite possible that the spores of nectria possess the same power. This autumn I have observed unmeruus perithecia npon this year's growth of a badly cankered Victoria plum tree. These perithecia are situated some 30 and odd inches above the point to wbicb the shoot was pruned back last winter, and the growth in question has not so far as I liave been able io judge, been at tackcdby'apbidesorotherinsccts. Norhavelbcen able to detect, although I bare cut and examined i microscopically several hundred sections, any trace of insect attack. Prom this it may reasonably be concluded cither (1} that the mycelium can traverse, in the plum, as much as 30 inches of stem during a season; or (2) that the spores can penetrate sound cortex. In cither cose, it is evidently essential to attack directly so virulent a disease, and to do so as early as possible. On the Continent, I believe, sulphate of iron is used as a fungicide for apple and other trees affected by canker. A solution of I lb. of pro to-sulphate in 50 or GO gallons of water, ; applied in a fine spray, might prove efficacious. : The first application might be made before I flowering, and tbe dose might be repeated after the fruit is set, and again once or twice at, intervals of three weeks. This repetition is* necessary, because the shedding of spores by the perithecia is a process which continues for some time. The amznoniacal carbonate of copper spray is much used in tho United States and Canada as a means of preventing apple scab (Cladosporium deudriticuni}, and there is no reason why it should not he more widely used than it is in i this country, both for scab and canker. The { formula is: 1 oz. of carbonate of copper, 36 ozs. 1 of ammonia, 20 gals, of water. The first spray- ! ing is given as soon as tbe fruit is set, and the | process is repeated three or four times in early summer at intervals of two or three weeks. I am not aware whether Bordeaux mixture, whioh is so valuable in connection with the potato fungus (Phytophthora infestans), has been tried for Nectria ditissima; but it would be certainly worth while to apply it experi mentally. 