Amy's Protegee. BY BOIS GREY. I. THERK lias been fatality in it. You never should have taken the girl under your protection, Amy." Miss Ford looked up for a second, then dropped her eyes. " You thiuk so, aunt ; but if it were to do over again, I would do the same. It was for the best." Tile elder lady was silent. She was not prepared to see any good that had been or yet might be in lier niece's having taken Philippa Durham, a penniless, friendless waif, into their home, to be educated and cared for and protected - and to cause trouble. Miss Appleton knew very well that the breaking of Amy's engagement with Eugene Morrison two years previous had been because of Philipp¿i. It was a subject they never discussed, never alluded to. It had been a frightful blow to Amy, tho breaking of that engage- ment. But Amy was of age, and the ' possessor of a large fortune, and her own mistress. Ihey had travelled immediately afterwards. Rich peo- ple can always travel in time of mental trouble. If Amy had been poor-and had felt it as keenly-she would have died, norhans. Miss Appleton, Amy's good old aunt, thought of all this now. Philippa Durham must have boon the cause of th nt rupture with Mr. Morrison, for directly after it Amy could not bear to see tho girl. Philippa had been placed with a reputable family, and Amy and her Aunt had travelled. A year and a Laif later Amy had come home and taken Philippa back into the house. Now Philippa was very ill with typhoid fever. Miss Appleton won- dered what the next thing would bo, for Amy insisted upon spending too much of her time in the sick- room. "If only Robert would como home," slie said faintly. Her nephew, she thought, had such good sonso, ho would induco his sister to bo.less imprudent. " Ho will bo back to-morrow," said Amy. "I1 hope Philippa won't bo delirious again to-night. It was very dreadful ; sho said such strange things. It was hard to keep her in bed. Sho wanted togo somewhere; she seemed to think some child was dying. It was dreadful." Sho broko off suddenly and hurried from the room. _ Miss Appleton followed her to tho sick-chamber. Philippa was asleep. Her heavy dark hair maclean impressive shadow on tho white pillow. Her face had the drawn look of suffering. She seemed like a woman of twenty-live rathor than a girl of eighteen. Miss Apploton gazed at her for a moment, tuon turned to Amy, tall, slender, fair as a lily. " Come, my dear,' she said. " Come and lie down awhile yourself. While she is asleep, you know." And Amy obeyed, lt. was just at dusk-an early spring dusk of blue-gray light. " I will lie down for half an hour,' said tho girl ; " please to call mo then, aunt. I shan't want much dinner, hut I don't need moro than a little rest." She pulled a loose coverlet over her head and closed her byes. She was really very tired. She was drifting oif into slumber when-a hand was laid on her shouldei*. _ Slio opened hor eyes and saw, sitting on 'her bedside, with her nightgown unbuttoned nt tho throat, the sick girl, Philippa. There was a Jook in the inrl's eves that terrified Arny. She could not stir or speak. Then tho sick girl spoke ; but though her voice was low and rational, Amy's terror was just as great. " I came to tell you all about it," said Philippa. " Because you are my friend; you always were. And you will not*be angry. I never meant to vox you ; I would rather have died. But I couldn't holp it, and now it never can bo helped. Ho doesn't wiro for mo. But what I want-all that 1 want-is to go and see my child. Ho might bo dead: he had bronchitis-it was a little boy. That was how I stayed away so late that day, and came home in the rain, and got wot and tho chill. But now I must go to him. I must not be ill-" Miss Ford struggled to rise. Her teeth were chattering. "Philippa," she said, "you did wrong to leave your room. Yon could have told me in the morning. Now, you must go back to bed. In tho morning we will do whatever you wish." Philippa rose. " Well," sh o said, "in tho morning you will let. me go. It is a house near tlie park." " Come," said Amy, moro peremp- torily, yet with a horrible, sick feel- ing in her heart. "You must got into bed again directly." Philippa obeyed. .Night came on, and she did not scorn as restless as on tho night previous. It was at dawn that she oponed, her eyes and spoke to Amy, wno had just entered tho room. ? " Is th ero anyone to hear ?" " No ono is here but myself," said Amy. ' , Philippa clasped hor feverish hands. " You thought that I was raving," she'said ; "but. it was all true." . ".What was true," Amy asked gently. "About-my child," said Philippa, with great simplicity. " I think 1 am going to dto.'aud you must know the truth. I have been -wicked, but I did not moan to be wicked., lt was born six mouths aL'tor you -went away to JEuropo. I loved him, and I thought ho loved me. He said that a public marriage -was imposssiblo at that timo. 1 was willing to havo only a secret marriage. l am uot complain- ing of him. You must not think I do not love him. I. would crawl on my knees iii thc street for him." Miss Ford looked down on hor bauds. They wore bloodless. Thoro was a ringing in her ears. All her past grier and desolation were re- newed. Ho had been worse than she thought. She had broken her engage- ment with him merely because she had discovered he was flirting, in a harmloss way, with this poor, pretty little protégée of hers, and he had been destroying the girl's life. The girl hud deceived her, too, at the time. It was monstrous, infamous. While still engaged^ to her ho had been wronging Philipa. She felt stunned. She no longer believed Philippa to be out of her senses. She tried to speak, and her voice seemed strange in her own ears. " Philippa, I can hardly believe what I hear. Two years ago I had a great trouble. I said very little to you at the time, I did not want to tell you I blamed you ; I did not feel able to talk-except to give you a little friendly counsel just before I went away. I-I told you to beware of any person who tried to make you do anything that you would have to conceal. I mentioned no names. I only tried to show you that harm always came of concealment." _ . " It was too late then," said Philippa, quietly. After a moment's silence she, went on : " And then you went away to Europe." Miss Ford shivered. "I never dreamed," she said. "I never - dreamed." A long pause ensued. Then a now thought occurred to her. , " Ho bert," she said, slowly, "my brother Robert was here after I went to Europe. Did he-know about this ? Did ho know?" " Know what ?" " About the-child ?" "Philippa seemed not to under- stand, " Why-of course," she said, weakly. " He pays for its keeping." Miss Ford looked, surprised. " Robert does ? Robert is very good to do that." , ; , Philippa closed her eyes for a moment. ; "Of course." she said ; his own child." Miss Ford was gazing at her. "What- what did you say?" she asked. " His own child," repeated the sick girl. " Whose own child ?' " Why his. Robert's own child." " What has Robert to do with it?" It seemed to Amy as if the whole thing wore turning a; nightmare. "I don't understand what you mean," said Philippa, "you know lie is its father." Miss Ford sat statue-like. Her face was rigid. , It was many mo- ments after when she nioved her chair, then stood up, and spoke in a cold, hard voice. "Why do you say such a shame- ful thing about my poor brother ? Why aro you so', ungrateful ? You must bo put of your mind.", "I am in my right mind," said Philippa. "You-you knew it all before." . "I know that you aro wicked," said Amy. She was shaking,, and her voice shook, too. "I befriended you, and you repaid me by wicked- ness, by robbing me of my lover, and now you wnnt to rob me of my brother. You are depraved. You have had two lovers. You are bad-r bad !" , ?. .? ? Philippa tried to sit up in the bed ; tho fever had put strength in her. "I never had but one lover," she cried, huskily. "Never but one 1 I never spoke to your lover. He never cared for me-it was your brother !" Amy stood looking at her as if dazed. Suddenly she threw up her hands, and with a wild cry fled from tho room. Fled as if Philippa bad stabbed her-as if she were mortally wounded. II. ROBERT FORD came cheerily into tho back drawing-room where his aunt sat reading. Miss Appleton looked rolieved. " My dear Robert? You have just arrived ?" "Straight from the station. I hear Philippa is ill." " Seriously. It is a groat care," Miss Appleton sighed. " And where is Amy ?" "Locked in her room. I think her nerves have given out. I warned her. There is such a thing as going too far in xmilanthropy. You'd better go to her at once. - Ford stood irresolute for an instant, then wont to find his sister. He knocked twico, and waited. Tho door opened at last and Amy stood pale as a ghost before him. " It is you," she said slowly. -, " Yes, it is I. Are you ill Amy ?" . " No, I am not ill. You have seen Philippa?" " Not yet." " You are very unnatural, then." ; ' "I-don't understand." " I say you are very unnatural you should go to her instantly. She is very ill, and she has told me all." "What has she told-you ?" Robert Ford looked less discom- posed than his sister. They resem- bled each other in tho face and form ; tall, slight elegant, with clear-cut features and blonde pure complexion and colouring. Amy could not look at him. . . " Sho has told me," she said with a tremendous effort,; "her terrible secret- and yours. ' You do not deny it. As soon as she recovers-if she recovers-she will have to leave this house. You-can hardly refuse to- to -marry her, now that 1 know." Still she could not look at him. She had loved her brother very much; she had hoped he might deny this horrible thing. And on the other hand, there was a strange fear in her heart that ho would, and tho shadow of guilt - a denser shadow than formerly-would fall back upon that other man, tho man that she had lovod and renounced two years earlier. . ; ' ? . " Oh 1" said Robert Ford, in a quiet way. " Oh, so Philippa has told you something, has she? Well, perhaps I have a right- to know what, sho has told you. ' I He still stood facing bis sister, ? calm, blonde, and self-possessed. And Amy answered in a hollow j voice: ! " It is two years since I broke my engagement with Eugene Morrison. No one knew the real reason. I let aunt think it was because he gambled, and I disapproved. It was because-because I thought he was engaged in a flirtation-a harmless, foolisn flirtation-with Philippa. I -I was going into the drawing-room and I heard her struggling with some one and-kisses. And X went away quickly. I thought it - I thought it that young student friend of yours who used to come-that aunt liked-French. I thought it was he. Then John came bringing me Eugene's card. I found that only Eugene had come. There were a number of reasons. The shock nearly killed me. I wouldn't discuss it with him. I told him I despised him. I;lost him. Yes, I lost him for ever. And ho was not to blame -not to blame !" Tears of anguish were running down her cheeks. " Well ?" said Robert Ford, as calmly as ever. " Tó-day," she continued presently, " to-day Philippa has given me proof that it was you-not Eugene. I don't know whether I am living or dying. To have blamed an innocent man as I did! I can't fox-give you-I can't forgive you !" She stepped back into her room, closed the door, and locked it in his face. i . Robert Ford turned away and went softly down the stairs. In the hall he took his. hat, and top-coat and cane. Then he left the house without a word to anyone. He rode to Eugene Morrison's favourite club and by chance found him there. It was not yet 10 o'clock of. the evening. He had not seen Morrison for months. " May I speak with you a ? mo- ment?' he asked, in a leisurely way. "Certainly." "I want to tell you, that owing to -to something that happened a long time back-a mistake let us call it that my sister did 5'ou a groat injus- tice. She never knew of it until to-day. She is suffering very much in consequence. She behoved you guilty of something you had no knowledge of. Will you allow her to explain and ask your pardon ? I really wish you would., She doesn't know I haye come to ¡you. She wouldn't have let me." . "It would be impossible for Miss Ford to be unjust to anyone, I am sure," said Morrison, stiffly. " Well, what I mainly wanted to ask was that if Amy tried to com- municate with you about it, you would not snub her." Morrison.turned and looked at him in amazement. '. My dear fellow ! What a curious idea !' '"' " That's all," said Ford, " good-night," andlefthim. Ho wont away from Morrison's club to his own. He hardly knew what he intended to do when he would go home.. He would not face his sister again until he had decided. As for Philippa-poor little Philippa. It had boen a terrible, mistake. He, had been fond of her-but ho had never intended; to acknowledge her. He wasn't a marrying man; he had no inclinations towards domestic life. Perhaps-if she got well-the child did not affect him much in the matter. He had never cared for children. If Philippa should die the child would be no worse than any other orphan. It would be cared for properly. He concluded to stay late at his club. It would save his seeing his sister again until the next day. Finally he docided to remain all night. ? III .. : . " She will hardly last till morning." Philippa was going to die. Amy had come down into the drawing room to think it over. She could hardly believe it. And Robert had not come home. He had sent a brief message from the club; She knew that he was there. The principal thought that tor- tured her was that Philippa had not given her the number of the house in the street near the park where the child was. There would always be that terrible uncertainty in her mind. Perhaps tho girl had merely raved; perhaps it was a girl's revenge because Robei't had not cared, for her. Strange thoughts were then in her head-strange thoughts-wild thoughts. She sat down by the grate fire, and almost directly a card was brought to her. She got up and went through the drawing room to tho little reception room, and stood face to face with Eugene Morrison. : She put out her hand to him, but could not speak. " I-was so sorry to hear that Miss Durham was ill," he said awkwardly. " And- your brother told mo of it. I thought-as an old frieud; I might at least call- to inquire." " I wanted to see you," said Amy, suddenly; half frightened at herself. "I blauiod you once for something terrible. I never found out the truth -that you were innocent - until two days ago. I can't tell you any moro-only i ask your pardon. You saw Robert to-day, perhaps." She changed the subject with tho odd abruptness, and went on to shield her brother. " I thought it wise for him to stay at his club as much as possible. There is nothing ho could do. We are just waiting-for the end." " She is dying ?'' " May not live through tho night." " I am sorry," said Morrison. "Is she unconscious?" . ? " Yes. . Will you come upstairs with me? It can't matter now.'? . . , It seemed to : her, he must suspect her tragic thoughts.' il- : : Morrison looked her straight in'the eyes., ,' , ; .?. !:? ?.¡???? ?.. .., - There 'is no, reason .why I -should not go into-the poongirl's -presoneoi'.' he said in a low voice. 