1 BBOKEB LETTER. "Is his lordship waiting breakfast, Par kins, or has be already begun ?" cried Lady Evesham, rushing like a whirlwind in a riding habit into the great cool, pillared hall of Evesham House one fair May morning. 44 His lordship is not yet down, my lady ; but Leon has been witn nun tnree-quariers of an hour,' answered ParkinE. 44 Then serve.breakfast ; his lordship won't be long." And Lady Eveeham, with the lilt of a valse to which sbe had danced the previous night bubblinc from her lips, be took herself to the sunlit, flower decked snuggery where she and her noBbsnd always had their- first meeting of the day. " Lal-la, lal-la, la, la. Ab, how pretty J that is !" said she, finishing the phrase with a little trill. " And how well Rupert Heighten dances ! But then he's a sort of modern 4 Admirable Crichton ' — and he knows it," She pulled her white sailor-bat froui her close- curled head, and then began to unbutton her riding-glovee. 41 But I suppose he's been spoilt. He's awfully handsome, and he's had a curious fiiccees in making women the fashiou. He launched Lady Lowetoft two seasons ago, and I'm sure she's no great beauty, with her sea-green eyes end white ! drawn face; yet she's been all the rage. Last i night he Raid he meant to make me the new beauty. " A delicious litlle tmile dimpled the corners of her month and flickered in the depths of her crov eves. "Ah! whit lion- eeneo I'm thinking. I'd better see what the post- has brought." She turned briskly t-om the window to the breakfast-table, but the coquettish smile still ( lingered iu her eyes as she ran throuch her morning's correspondence. "A card for the duchess's dance on Thursday. Concert tickets from Madeine Bono. Hum! — all the Royalties going. 1 umst buy them, 1 euppose. To meet the Prince at Mrs iSamuei Eichstein's. Heavens ! how these Jews do get everybody. "What's this? An inviiatiou to dinner from Mrsde Montmorenov. W hy, 1 hat's the dreadiul woman who bad a stall next mine at that bszanr uti'air up 10 Scjiland. Tony Brockle- burst told me she was quite impossible." Sbe roei-ed rhc notes aside, and cave a little yawn the ehowed two rows of very whin- teeth and the tin of a scarlet tongue. " What a dull po»-r ! 1 wouder f John ha got anything bet'er?'' Hm- white buyer wandered among Ihepile of leiters by her hnsbaud's plate. "From the steward : Iroin Jeuks, the trainer ; from the lawyers. Three with lbe city postmark, five fiom club. Tua: one is trutn Lady Janet Siepuey, I know— begging, of course, for her orphans, or curate.--, or indiit-nt mothers : thaiY from Bertie Stanhope— wht « niggle iie writes- ; and Oh ! this must bt what ti.ey call r. type-written thing." Lady Evesham p.:krd from the ctiiTod lv»s' -in-l puetmirk nnd addressed ia ryp- to " The Yw:oniit Evesham, Evesham H .'Ute, P.iric lane." "llow nueer it seem? that a machine sboui-i write uti that ao straight and n.-at. I'd uoidei it looked so tidy and business- hka. 1 think J'llmake J»uu fcuv me one to write to mv <:r«-s-m-»ker witi. Tvpi'writitia: luukseo aw fu!:y lictce." She rcrulinist-il ihe letters a-ill c'oser. 44 This one isn't quite faithless, thtujt?. There's something wrrng with the capital E. T'sgot a white spot Ah! John u'.hwt !" She dropped 'lie letter awon? the others, and ran to re-t her iiu«bnc<la who stooped from hi9 superior height and kissed her very lovingly- A rear ago society had called John, Yi&'.'uut Evesham, aired a fool to saddle his wealth and his freedom with a mere girl as a wife ; but his bride h<i:i bep;i j-o fewest, so eraeiouc, >0 innce-ntl, ph'sseii wth her new surroundings. Kiideo unaffected, (hat at the beginning of this hei second season the niosi evnieel had voud ihe niBrriagc a sue- cf-sfi, and the vcung vLcoucttss 3n acquit-i- lion. Lorl Evffhatn adore 1 li's wife, yet with tbar leuiatiwi worship, that love tinged with dcuht, which must always b? where the adorer 11 ppeeiiingsA'ifily down life's hill and tLe oi-jecit cf ailcrstion ii every duy growing more lovely nnd more desirable. Hi.'- fir.-t few nnnths of mtrried lifo, when, pprtad r.ud open admiration, had been tor- tuie tc iiiru. Even now his eelf-deprtciatry doub:rj were only lulled to lmber by the perfectly llameK-es 'jcnductol his wiic. 14 Fin sorry to have kept you waiting, my desr," he bean, with obi -fiebtoti#-'! courtesy, "but the tv.o niug v. as 6n ffi;e 1 niedesnrovou would prolong you.- riib ."' 41 So 1 ir.iirhr iidvudone, for Mr Lcijbton — he has quite constituted himself my cavaliore servento it) lbe Uow — v.as mo-t amusing : but TCittiv Kunier joined u<, anii it's horrid riding three abreast— one has to snout so. 1 ielt tfcem at Cue top of the Row, and " 44 Leickton ri'tei with you, d >cs be:': oueried Lord l .ve-rLauj, looking over the top 0: his letters. ' Yes, clear : a!moit always." And then an ulterlv unaccountable foolish Litis- 11 rose from the edge of her linen collar to where the tencriL «<x her t?wtiy hair kissed her n bite brow, until throat auJ ear aud chec.-ke were alike bathed in the criii.son tide. 14 Hum!" said his lord-.bip, while Lady Ewebam, futiuus with herself at the trick !ur unruly self-coneciousncss had played with her, took refuge iu her breakfatt. Silence regained, broken only by the faint tinkle of tbc riivcr and china and by the ruatle of Lord Evtsham'e letters. Suddenly he Parted, grew pale, then red, locked from hit wife to a fclip of parer iu his band, and bacK again. Wiiat a strange coincidence ! 4<Vau-h your wife!" in typewritten characters, atared from the paper before hi.n : opposite was the downcast face ot hi> wifa — the face v.hicli tad been but a moment back dyed with a cuilty bluh at th« chance mention of the name of a mere acquaintance. The next moment he gnil-ercd up Lis inter? and left the room. Lady Evesham, too, Epr.«ug from ber chair. 44 Why was I such a fool?" the cried to her self in a tall mirror. " What made me do such a hateful, stupid, underbred tiling ai to blush like a gawky schoolgirl — and at Rupert Leigbton's name, too ! — a man who ' She did not speak the words that rose to her lips. Ody lbs faint coquettish smile — the smile of a womau who is beautiful, wbo is flattered, who is beloved dawned again mtbe misty depths of her eyes. And itwss wi>h that same smile that she welcomed Mr Lcighton in Ler opera-bDX that night, and it was with be eamo mysterious Ftiiile of triumph that, an hour later, she floated rouuci a ballroom in the arms of the man for whom she had blushed so strangely in ihe morning. Before Lor.5. Evesham's eyes and iu his cars were ever the words, "Watch your wife I" A younger man, one Barer of liis hold upon a woman's heart, v.culd have shown her ihe ali&mcfal; thing. Bu) be was afraid. He tried to keep '.be burden of doubt nud dis belief 10 himself ; yet Beatrix Evesham guessed at its exieteuce. though i-fao knew neither its origin nor reason, Only she felt that there ufii no love behind bis courtesy, no warmth in his kindne?s, no faith in his generosity. 4' Watch your wife!" Lord Eyesha:.i watched, and Lady Evesham knew it. One nielli, at Hnrlingham, her wounded pride found vent. Rupert Leighton, as ever, was by her side as she strolled to the river's edge, and, with the petulance of a spoilt child, for the first time gave words to her tronblo. Sbe was overwrought, and tor a few moments Bhe spoke hysterically, in coherently, scarcely reckoning that she had a listener. Then, with a little sob, she dropped her head on ber arms and began to cry, as an ancry woman will. 41 Lady Evesham, what yon tell me shocks me terribly ! Are you sure V 44 Am I sore ? I am dogged at every hour of the dsy. I am questioned about my move ments, then doubted to my face. It is most shameful !" 44 It is moat cruel," said Leighton, elowly. 4 4 Pardon the question, but have yon given him any cause—?" f4 'Mr Leighton ! how dare yon !" flashed from her through the cobalt summer night. I He bowed hnmbly before he spoke again, | "Then, to what do )on attribute this change ? Has any otket woman — ? She shook her head. Suddenly through the shadows Rupert Leightou'a hand stoic 10 Beatrix Evesham's arm, and he drew her so close 10 linn that hU breath fanned her hot checks. 44 Lady Evesham, I have an idea. What if your husband is carrying on hu intrigue with a woman ? What if he feats discovery and subsequent proceedings, and is even now making every effort to trump up a counter charge against you 4 41 Ah ! Mr Leighton, how horrible, bow cruel lo ruin one woman, and that his wife, at lbe expense of another — !" 44 Whooi he loves," whispered Leighton. 44 Do you not eee, can you not believe, that this is lbe truth— that he is tired of you— that your youth and innocence and beauty are not euough tor hitnf Ah ! Lady Evesham — Beatrix — let ine convince you : let me find proof that wliut I ay is true." 'Mr Leighton, l cannot, darenot, a«kyou to interfere in this ciosi terrible difficulty. You've been my friend, my wood friend, and 1 believe you have my happineas and welfare at heart, but " Leightnn'u arms were about ber now ; bis uoart beat strong aq&m;&t; her brcatt. 44 Beatrix !" he murmured hoarsely, "I have no friendship for you. Love, adora tion, passion fill me Fr you. If I ran con vince you of the truth of mv suspicions, gire me my guerdon — give me yourself." She slipped from his uruis aud fled down the dim pathway. 14 Where have you bien all this time?"' said ber husband's voice through the dusk. "The horses have been waiting for baif an hcur.' 41 1 am teady to fio," answered Lady Eves ham, end, lookiug neither to ihe riuht nor to the left, sbe swept before l.i'm to hei car riage. Lady Evesham .-'"pi little that night. Her shattered faith iu tier nubaud's lo>alty and trotp Leheliton's !-jvp, her own unlmppiness, jostled in her br.iin 4j»e weary hours through, and it was a vtrv ghost of L-idy Kvtsham who hippod her enocolatc next m.-rnlLg and broke these-tl of half a dozen teller-. Suddenly the b!ocd rushed to bcr pile face. Sbe a»at upright (.mong bcr lace uirui.ed pil lows. A common envelope, bearing a type, written address, quivered in cue lull-!: a »bp of j/apcr was in the other. 44If \'>n wou'd biive a proof, be ;u private room No. at tk= Imperial Cafe to<dus a; four o'clock." 41 X -iguaiurc, no addresp," cried Beatrix lllvesham. 41 But the envelope is nioucb. The E'n are brokeu like those on that oilier tetter which can.e five weeks ao. Ah ! who can be eo basv. tu wicked nd to wish to wantnnlv deprroy the happiuesi of two lives?" The hie clock over the Imperial Cafe had baie!v struck H'Lr, wfcesi a wyinau. whoi-<- Drrfect tuilotte was n»arre-l »-v 1 tse singular thtekue? of her vc !. glided into the dcrway aud ahked tiie way to r iie private room. " Upetcirt and ro the left." And «carcriy had ihe lady di-appt irfd win n Lorii Evtsium pussed into ibe l.o'.u.nv, and followed in the fair one's fo«;«?ep». His lords-hip n.ov«?d imiekly, bu4- in epitc of his? elT'jrts only «rriveti in the di.-cr«at cor ridor un wliich the private room.-? wen-, in time to hear thr- rii.irp clsok of a ck-in d..;yr, followed by an tx:2a>ration :u a voice he knew too null. The eonnd c.mie from No. II. Lord Kvc- -bam looked rr-ui.d. Lunch' were over, dinner? not yet neciiu : lie Wos uloi.e. and iu ancih'r ec'.-ad was preasiag iris- i re to the s-inall kevliidc. 44 Yoa ben-. MrT.-:ghtou I Id.v-'t under stand," taid the voice. 44 Lady Evesham, doa't unt rue In the posi tion <-f h.tring t-i explain." It was Leighton who an-wred. 4,Exp:aiv Explain what Ab I. A light breaks in Uji< ce. Iberia t»% underftaud. It u jnu— a a friend, who a-.-nt ri.o le-.ter to my liusban.l which has ueiriy broken hit- i-eart and wrecked my life. It :> you, the muki-r >f toiieiy beauties, the moat popular man in tcwu, who have woven a trisue of lies about iue, aud have spread a net for ice to-day into tvhi. h myfe-rb tve aimovt Etr-.yed. Ar.swsr :no, Mr Lfii'jkou— Why have tgu done this thinsr V ' Her voice all throng; l ad been low aud s'euiy. li wa? Leihtou's wiiioh (hook as he unswciea — 44 B- cause — bcciui.-c I 1 o v » VMI !" " Rah I Men such a yru do uct know the meaning of tarred word. The reascn I came h-re to-day v-as iu iii-cr;ver the identity uf the p»:isnu, man or woman, who sent those two letters to my husband'? hoi:«e. I fiud you, whom 1 believed 10 .-e a friend, whom I uow know to be a fee— and yoa lAlk to nte of luve !" She flung out Ler bands, "All! ibat 1 were a man to pusiii) you as you be lief prayer for a righteous revenge was answered. The door opened a little" apace, and. tiie tall, spare icrm of Lord Evcshsta slipped iuto rhe room. 44 John 1 You I: ere ' cried Lady Evesham, teyins her finders acro-s her mouth to stifle the hi tie scream of joy that art ss in iier ilno&t.; f4£iteud aside ! ' said his lcrdri.ip Then, with upraised arm, be adviLtsvi on the cul prit. Twice the writhing victim cried for mercy, and twice Lord Eveahnin muttered, 44 Coward !'' When at last the heavy walking-stick snapped in two, Laid Evesiuim, witboul Cast ing one look at what lay at his feet, turned to hie wife audled btrfrmu :Le room. Once outside iu the diui edeiu4? of the cor ridor, Lady Evesham raue.i ber husbaud'e hands to her hps and krise-l tbeti). 44 Thank you — thaukyoua t houeand times. But, on ! my dear, why did you not truat me ' Lord Evesham bowed low before her. 44 Dear wife ! 1 eanuct rr-yret what I have done to-day. I &ha;:i tiuvt you lo the last hour of my life." Ihen her ladyehip reeled a little. 44 -John, dear, take me heme quickly. Jt was &n; awtu: fiicbi. J tee. — rather— taint. — 44 Ihe World." 