MASONIC SERVYICE. THE presentation and dedication of a tablet and fald-stool in memory of the late V.W. Canon G. M. D'Arcy Irvine, D.D., P.G C., the gift of the Masonic Lodges Duke of Edinburgh and Australia, took place in St. Saviour's Cathedral on Sunday in the presence of a good congregation. The Masons met at their ball and marched in procession to the number of oboit 90 to the Cathedral, where seats had been reserved for them. The service was choral, and the Bishop, V.W. Rev. W. M. Mantell, P.G.C., and the Rev. T. I. O. Mell oflioiated. Mlaunder's Magnificat and Nune Dimittis were ren dereil by the choir, and were succeeded by the anthem (Massy), " Behold How Good and Joyful," in which Miss A. Coomber took the soprano solo and SMr. S. W. Alexander the bass solo. T The c.re maony of dedicetion wa then proceeded witlh by the Very Wor.hipful the District Inspector of Workings (Brother Pennycook), who was accompanied by Bro. Middleton, addressing the Bishop in these words -"R ight Reverend Father in tGod, I have beeoon deputed by the Freemasons of Goulburn to request the acceptance by the Bishop and Chapteor of a memorial tablet erected in the tower porch of this Cathedral Church, and of this f :ld-stool or litany desk, for use in divine service, to the glory of God and in pioun memory of our late Brother Very Wor shipful Rov. Georges Morvyn D'Aroy Irrino, D.D., Canusn of this Chinlch, and a Past Grand Chaplain oe our Order, and I fiuther request that this fold stool may be set apart and dedicated to the service of Almighty God." The Bishop replied--" In the name of the Bishop uand Chapter I thankfully accept these gifts for the sacred purposes which you have set forth." Prayer followed, one exhortation being couched in the following words:-" 0 Lord God, who dost in all ages inspire Thy servants the craftsmen as Thou didst inspire Bezaleel of old time, filling them with the Spirit of God in all wisdom and under standing, and in knowledge and all manner of workmanship, to know how to perform all manner of work for the service of Thy sanctuary; accept, we beseech Tlhee, this fald-ictol, which we offer to Thy Divine Majesty, for use in thle services of this holy House, throughs Jesus Christ our Lord. Anren." The not of dedication was perforsmed in tihe words -" In the name of thle Father, and of the Son, und of the Holy Ghost. Amen. We hallow and dedi cate this gift to be used in the worship of Almighty God, and in the service of His House for ever. Amen." The sermon was preachled by V.W. Rev. Bro. W. M. iMantell, who took his text from Genesis iv, 9. lIo said :-Far back down the vista of time, in the early twilight of the world's day, Death first cast his dart at a human being. He did it, alas, in response to the work of a murderer. The blow of Death succeeded tlihe blow of a man. When the awful deed was done, as the fratricide tremblingly, remorsefully, looked down upon his victim, and while horror was depicted in his face and hold possession of his faculties, the voice of God came crashing thlrough Cain's guilty soul--" Where is Abel, thy brother?" Remorseful, though unre pentant, turning his eyes from thle blood-stained victim, in the vain attempt to excuse the foul deed, the conscience-stricken man wildly replited-"I know not; am I my brother's keeper r" God know that no answer was needed to that question. He know tihat the heart of Cain then, as the heart of every man since, answered it in the alliuiativo. He syllabled no reply, but added the soul-searching query-" What hast thou done? ' You know you alnT vour brother's keeper-how have you fulfilled the'duty ' Wht hast thou done aua uch?' " Once more OCis's eyes are irresistibly directed to the poor corose of Ihis murdered brother. Once agtais with haiful fascination he beholds the blood stained face, where never again would come the loving brotherly smile; the oncrimsoned lips which would never again syllable the endearing words; the dreadful sightless eyeballs as if staring upwards and looking for help from thle heavens, for the help his Ibrother had so basely refused; and as he gazes in indescribable agony the Creator adds--" The voice of thy brother's blood crieth unto lIe from the ground." Yes, it cried uinto God, as the voice of every unbrotherly deed has cried, and will cry. And, oh, brethren, tlhat cry was and will ever be heard by the Lord God of Subaoth. The Father answered Cain's question, "Am I my brother's keeper?'" first, then, by this question-" What hast thou done? " and, secondly, by the infliction of Cain's punislhment-- And now art thou cursed from the eartl, whlichl hath opened her mouth to receive thy brother's blood from thy hand." Cain, who refused to fulfil the mission of God to boe his brother's keeper, reaped the awful harvest as he had sown. God grant that you and I may never sow thus i For if we.do, aisuredly we shall reap as we sow. Oh ! remembcer that there are many other acts which as truly prove our refusal to act as our brother's keeper as Cain's act of fratricide. Day by day brothers and sisters are murdering the peaco of mind, the tlhappiness, the joysof their brothero and sisters. Thouigh they use not a knifo of stoine or iron, there are keener weapons than these Cruel neglect of others' needs, lharsh, cnsorious judgments, unohristiisn, unbrotlerly conduct geno rally. These are the barbed and poisoned arrow;s that are used day by day inflicting untold pain and ansony while all the while the voice of our brother's blood " cries unto God from the ground." I have said that the hearts of men have over answered the questiou of Cain in the aitirmative, thouigh, alas ! still the further inquiry must be made-" What hast thou done :" Consciously or not, men haave >cy since recognised the great truth. First as regardn the physical part of their brothers-their bodies. In too case of Cain God clearly showed that lie was the keeper of his brother's body. It wis to this trust he was tmur dice.ously unfaithful. Our dear Master emphasisCd this "divino teaching when Heo said-" The poor iriways yo yehre with you," andl agsin,'' Lu"Inas omiti't as yo did it uto one of the least of these My brethren, y t did it uut? Me." If they are His hrethrcnt. ey mutht be oures. T'1is co0 to us with awful force wh.en wo catl tc mnind iahlu 1j men of Itis day, IHis hbrethren, nirdel? HiLn thoir brother. Their sin was infinitely greater thei Ccmni'. .tIu passing may we loolk It another soul-senrchinog thought. IMuclh of the t4avtil of ~i coul no50 arises from the unloving conduct of those of His own household--" Chriotians"-His brothers and sisters. TheyOV tlhen destroy, kill, His joy. Are we, too,, Cain's, our brother's, murderers ? Oh, the awful ireaping of such sowing ! I ray that men practically aelmnowledg tihe fact that they arn their brother's keepers as.q regards their bodiesu, though it may be olften inconsciously. When amen hear of ai famino, or on earllquakoke, or a pestilence, are they not roused to do their best., for thie suf forers ? Are not hands fronm all partl? of thie world held out to help ? T\lhen some terrible shipwreck is made known is not one of the first thtngs shouithi of a collection for the widows and orphalns ud suf ferers generally ? Do we not found and maintain our hlospitals, oar benevolent sisylums, our orphlanages, our blind IeylhinaP, aye, our poor lhouses, because of the patient and irresisiile conviction that we are our brotllers' keepers ? If a poor dissipated beggar comesr to your door, while you feel you dare niot give him nmoney, do you not also feel that you dare lot send himn away with oat fiod? And men do thiese thlings even though there is, alas, no particular love for our dear Master \--in they say, on the grounds of conmmon hmanity. Is not this only ianothler way of saying "on the grounds of commnon lrolhrrhood?" Yes, men Imow they are their brothers' keepers in temporal matters. So:iety could not othersise hold together a single day. Secondly, se are also, and none the less, our brothers' keepers in spiritual things. Why wero our lchurches fsusnded Why was this beautiful cathledr'l ibuilt C Why do holy men and womeu leave Ihome and all that they hold dear on earth that they m:sy go into all thle world to preach th aGospelc? Whly cian men ans d women say that they do all this, "In journeyingo often, in perils of waters, in perils of robbers, ill persils hy mine oswn eounstfymeU, in perils by the heatshet, in pIerils in the city, in perils ill tihe wilderness, in perils in tihe sea, in perils smnong false brethren, in wearlinmes and painfulness, in waelhingo often, in hunger and thirst, in fostiegs iften, in cold and nakeldness ?" Is it not becausn ha\ing learned to love the M?ater they mal t give spiritual food to their brethren ? VWhen the deir Mfaster said to Peter " Feed my lambs-smy sheep," he reminded him that he swas the keeper in spiritual thlings of his brothren, young and old, the necessary condition being love to his Maister; and wnhat was true of him is true of all. If you and I neglect tie solemn duty, our high and glorious privilege--will it avail iLa when, like Cain, we stand before the Father, to say that it needed all our tisle andefforts to look after our own- spiritual needs, or that we did not know our brothers' needs, or that we did not consider ourselves good enough ? You do Imow your brothers' need, because you know that the dear Muaster died for all men. They must therefore have need, or so great a sacrifice nwould not have been miido. You may not consider yourself good enough, but remember that is not the condition. It is "Lovest thou me ." Good enough, do you say? "There is none good." Let mne attempt to illustrate the position of all in this great matter. Afathler is sending two sonis a long distance froma their hIonme in order that ths tey nmay make their wialy in the world. HIe clsrges tshem to nwatch oer one another, to helpl one another, not to lose sight the one of thle othier, to worek wn-ell, to bear one another's joys, sorrows, disappointments, and dithiceultiies. If one is more clever-i.e., has msore privileges-than the other hlie is to help Ilsi brother. If he is able to earn more money he is to help his brother that hath need, and at thei end of the year they are to come homo to their fiather's house. The time for return ansives, but only one son conaes. Tihe father's first question is, " Where is thy brothler ? " The son replies, "I really do not knowa; I Iirhave not had timne to think about himn, I was so anxious to get back myself; he did not seem to care much about returning, at least so I thought; I just let hitn get homo as bhet he could." Then, feeling uncomfort able for the first time, becassse of his fatlher's e vi dent sorrow, he exclaims, " Fathelr, are you not glad to see me ?" "Yes, my son," he replies, " I amn glad to see you, but where is thy brother P You were stronger than he, biut you did not help him--you nid not tarry for him. I gave him into your keeping, and yot thought only of yourself." " Father, shall I go back and seek him ? " cries the now regretful one. " No," replies the sorrow stricken father ; "that cannot be now. You have lost your opportunity; it is too late for you to retrace your steps ; hlie must find a way for Idmself and look to others for guidlance. My son, 1 did not think thalt you would fil ime ; I did not think that you would return to eo alone. Sorrows'ald grief mustII, be sine till your bh-other return." Brothers, tlske your brother home to theo'Dear FIther's house, for you are your brother's keepjer. Nowr if all this apply to brethlren genenllly, how strongly does it appeal to -Masous, one of the great and noble brotherhoods of men ? Are you not solsemnly pledged to be true to that obligation ?-are you not contintuilly reminded of it ? Surely then if you tlke your stand with Cain you will be doubly guilty. Oh, if the word should come to you, " What hast thou done " what will you say on that awful day ? During the offertory thie choir sang the authem (Spinney), " How Beautiful Upon the Mouintins." The music all through was rendered in first- lslns style. MIr. T. H. Aiassoy, brother of MIr. E. lasseey, the cathedral organist, wnho was indis posed, presided at the organ. The offertory, which amounted to £11 5s Gd, was devoted to the funds of the hospital.. 