Wagga Amateur Operatic and Dramatic Society, IiES CLOCHISS DE CORNEVILLE. The very effective representation of the opera " Los Clones (le Corueville" produced last night by the members of tho_ Wagga: Amateur Operatic and Dramatic Society will bo accepted as giving the society very high rank amongst the amateur musical organi sations of the colony. Iu. tho production1 of "Pinafore" the members of tho society gave evidence that they possossed a measure of talent which, for the accomplishment of better tilings required only a duo measure of cultivation combined with largor experience in matters counocted with the stage. Somo months have elapsed since thoso performances, but it is evident that the success then achieved proved most encouraging to tho members, giving them tho confidence required for higher flichts in tho opcratic field. Very little time was lost, after tho winding up of matters conuected with tho re presentations referred to, in making preparations for the production of an other opera, measures being taken to wards that ond in the strengthening of tho Society in many respects. Whcu the organisation was placed on what was considered a (satisfactory basis, meetings were held to discuss the question of the next composition to bo produced, and after mature deliberation " Les Cloches do Come ville " was chosen as tho one best fitted■ to the capabilities of the members. That the otioice was a wise one, the result has shown, although, from the really great reserve of artistic talent displayed by the members, there is but little doubt that Buocess would have been attained had even greater ambi tion guided tho selection. When this piece was, however, finally determined on, no timo was lost in placing it in i rehearsal, and for the past three months tlie members, by their diligent practice,' have given every proof that their heart was iu tho worts. Very great credit is due to them for their regular attendance at tho rehearsals, which were frequent throughout tho whole time of preparation, and became almost of' nightly occurrence as the timo for the representation of tho opera drew near. In connection with tho work of preparation, too much praise cannot bo given to the musical director of the society, Mr. F. C. Burry, for his untiring efforts to inspire the members with a spirit of industry and enthusiasm. After a certain amount of practice very effioiont casts for the two re presentations of the opera intondod to be given wore decided on, and on tho part of these' performers there was displayed that, desire to excel which was the sure guarantee of the success that followed. It was not alone, however, in respect to tho vocal and dramatic excellence of the performance that sains were taken for the effectiveness of the representations. It was recognised that duo attention must also bo given to scenery, dresses, and all tho stage Sip pointments required to mount • above the ordinary amateur standard as regards these matters. In this field the experience of tho stago manager, Mr. J. Jeremy, <was of inestimable benefit, and owing to his akill and administrative ability, nothing was left undone that would relievo the society from eensorous oriticism. In poiut of fact in thia respect the representation of last night would compare favorably with any that could bo givou by tho best equipped of opera companies. The scenery for the piece was speoially painted by Messrs. Astlcy and Curley, and entailed, it is only right to say, considerable expense on the society. As re gards the merit of these artists' efforts, the audience last evening had a full opportunity of judging, and the verdict was one with which the artists can rest well satisfied. Tho first scene in act 1, "Below tho rocks at Calvados," displayed artistic akill calling for especial notice, and, indeed, all the painting, was of a character creditable in I he extreme. Mr. P. \V. Hariner, of Goulburn, whose musical ability is well known to the,Wagga public, was chosen on this occasion, as in " Pinafore," to act as conductor, his; efficiency in that sphere having been abundantly displayed on the occasion re-; fcrred to. When the ;date for the produc tions of the Opera was finally decided on, Mr. Harmec was summoned from Goulburn,. to conduct a couple of dross rehearsals in: order to' secure tho perfection of all detiiile, und these' were carried o'ut t(> his; entire satisfaction on last Saturday ami Monday evenings. The degree of ability exhibited by tho performers far exceeded his expecta tions, taking into consideration the higher class of musio to be treated in this>p?r formuDce. He «hu al-o very favoralily-iin preseed with the orchestra, whiclf indeed was a feature of the representation deserv ing of the very highest commendation at the hands of any clitic. Oil this occasion the orohestra comprised the; following viiistru-': mentsViolins, Mr. C. E.. Astley (leaiWr),< Mrs. F. Fatter, and Mr. 11. J.". Shaw, ^cor net, Mr. E. A. Palmore j ' flute, Mr. E.; 3. Hcydon; piano,'Miss A. -Beiinctt; ■ organ, Mr. 'J?, W. Harmer. It iB;scarccly; neces sary to say that their'1 efforts were . highly appreciated by the audience, and;,contri buted very largely to the success of tliq per-; formance. ' : ' ' J "Les Cloches de Corneyillo," as'most people aroawaro, is a French comic opera bearing ant excellent character amongst compositions of tha class. Not alone is it noted for its tunefulness, but; also for tho effectiveness of tho plot, and tho comic features, which, iu the hands . of. capable performers, can be made most effective. As the piece has not, wo think, ovor boon pro duced in its entirety in Wagga, a brief description of tho plot may hero not bo put of place''• Tho Comtcdc Luceuay, attainted for poli tical reasons, Hies from Fi'iince, leaving his infant daughter Lucienno, and considerable personal property in tho care of a retainer, Gaspard. This wily Norman, however, for seeing that the Compte may never return to claim his own (which, indeed, happens), brings up the child as his niece, under the name of Gcrinainc, and gratifies' his insati nblo greed for. money by hoarding .the Comtek treasure. Ho has chosen for Ins coffers tho decaying roomsof the Old Chateau do Corueville, long since deserted by, i^lonl, attainted of treason, like Do Luconay.'aud an exile from France. The grandson of this Marquis de Cornovillo, is, howovor, alivo, and the interdict on tlio ' ostites hav- i ing been removed by tho King, tho; village | gossips Relieve that oiic day the; long , ex pected heif will return. " Meimwliile^ the Castle has an evil notoriety. It.is lHviintud'r mailed spectres stride along ita coLTiuora, and ghostly phantomsiliti across,its lighted windows at night. 13ut in truth these are deviccs of the cunning Gaspiiyd'to frighten away intending tenants of tlie old chateau. At tho opening b£ the opera, a kuot of giils are on their way to the ' Hinug- Iuir." Amongst theso is Serpolette, a waif Jpiokcd up by Gaspard on a bauk. ot. wild lh>niu hi one of his fields, and grown now* into his servant of all work# . Shu has thiown up, lus protection, and' secUk a,■ bellc-i place. Germaino eventually joins tho band, also flying from Gaspard's house—but fioiu a very different motive. Tho old nnsoi'-haq promised her hand to tho village Bailio, a pompous, meddling old"follow, lately obme to his kingdom, with a strong desire to open the Chateau, and audit the Barony accounts. Now Germaino has betrothed herself to a ne'er-do-well of tho locality, a young Usher man, Gronichoux, who, as she supposes, saves her from drowning. Hut, u\ ™cb> her deliverer was really the long lost heir— tho young Henri do Corueville, now Captain of an armed ship, with a roving commission, who a year before had put iuto Honileur to revisit the house of his fathers. At tho opening of tho Drama he again returns—, and this time lie rosolves to take possession of his ancestral castle. Tho hiring fair where he engages servants—amongst others, Germainc, Serpolette, and Grcnicheux (now turned coachman) — concludes tho lirst ^Tho sceuc changes to the haunted halls of tho Chateau. Tho young lord, with his offi cers and crow, torch and sword in hand, break into the deserted rooms—and lay thoir plans to surprise the advonttirors, whom they suppose to be really the ghosts of tho village tradition. Two discoveries, bearing directly on the fortunes of the two heroines, aro made by the Marquis. Firstly, he finds that tho girl he rescued from the sea is the Germaino who has .cap tivated him, but who beliovca herself hound in honour to Grcnicheux. Secondly, he dis covers* certain documents (left by old Oas pard) referring to tho flight of Conuo de Luccilay, and placing his infant daughter with tho miser. The vivacious Serpolette immediately arrives at tho conclusion that she is tlie noble child in miestion, and thenceforth gives herself all the imaginary airs of her rank. The arrival of somcono is announced by the scouts—OreniuhottS is put into iv suit u£ mail to watch tho iutrii dcr unseen—and the Marquis and his crow rotirc to; the Armoury—Uic old misor ap pears—works ilia phantoms—lights the can delabra— wallows in his gold—ancl then eomcs a swift and awful vengeance. The lust Act is devoted to the unravelling of the mystery attached to Gcrmainc. This is ilcinc by the patching together the hints dropped in his ravings by old Garpard— who confirms them oil his return to sanity, and owns that Gcrmainc is hot his niece, but JIdlle. do Luecnay. In the same mo ment that young lady learns that she is free to give her hand whore she loves, for that to Henri de C'ornevillc and not Grenicheux she owes her life. Across the serious de nouement comes the lighter texture of Scr polottc's fortunes. No sooner docs she as sume the silks and satins of rank, than she is undecoived as to her real position, and has again to look forward to sabots and cotton, and contents herself with Grcni olieux, while over the betrothal of the Mar quis and Gcrmainc conic, this time gladly, the chimes of Lcs Cloches do Conievillc." Taking the performance as a whole it is but simple justico to say that from tho musical or dramatic standpoint it left no thing to be desired. The space at command gives but limited opportunites for comment ing on tile efforts of individual porformcrs, but it is satisfactory in those circumstanucs to feel that not a single feature of the re presentation gave room for fault finding. i?rom tho opening number to the closing cho rus Lliero was evident cliicicney which cnuld have been alone secured, by painstaking practice, combined with great musical talent. As Henri Marquis de Cornevillc, Dr. J. S. Taylor personated tho leading male character in tho opera. Of Dr. Taylor's vocal and acbingcapabilitics we have had occasion to speak on several occasions in terms of praiso, bnt it must be conceded that in lust night's performance ho sur passed expectations. . His sitigtng m solos, duets, „and in the,#(tuneful. choruses' was of a. character rarely mot with from amateurs. He also dressod and looked the character, his whole sta^o appearance being of the beat professional typo. As (i-rcm cheux, a fisherman, which mighkbe-described as the character coming next in importance, Mr. F. C. Burry was nover seen to more ad- , vantage.' He was in perfect,voice, had the music and words of his part at perfect com mand, and .threw into tho impersonation of character the roguish clement which1 was required toX make: "it' telling. In , the duet with Germaine^ in • the ' first act, and, indeed, 'iu. the other - numbers in which-he ligtu ed throughout tho opera, his siugirig created a most favorable impres sion. . Alt*. 0. H. Flauagau's Gaspard was perhaps one of the-.most"finished and bust studied impersouiitions of the performance, and his -very, excellent vocal powers were/ used with consummate ability. The two' funny characters 'in fche: opera are the Builio (or nmgistrate) of Corneville and his clerk Gobo, and-tho Cast Committee have to be congratulated' on the; very judi cious sulectiou made: 'for these parts.: Amongst the whole body of members it is certain, that: .uo 'more efficient representative of the Bailie could have been found than Mr. XV, B. Morison,; whi!eMr.; IS. Bellait proved, himself aGobo.thatcould: have appeared with credit on-any boards. By both these performers the comic situation in the piece were made the most of, and the humor was heightened, bub by no meins vulgarised by the introduction occasionally of a few local, touches,, which were at once caught hold of by. tho audieuce. Genuine amusement was indeed the result of their joiufc efforts, and the hearty applause they received, proved how woll their comicalli ties were appreciated;. In the . small part of Chnstopho, a cabin boy, Mr. H- H-" Caldwell deserves favorable mention, and thts.cau alsp be said regardingviVlr.-A. B. Litchfield, who played' tho part^of Piene, U sailor, Taking the female character iu the order mentioned on the programme, it can be said that as Serpolette, Mrs.' W. If; F/.i Eaton, showed that she had lost uoue of the qualities which caused her dosephme m u Pinafore" to be received with enthusiastic .applause. . Serpolette. diflers. from the.part rekerred to in nearly all its characteristics, while the music if no more' taking . is of' a much more artistic nature. .Mra. Eaton, however, provodheraelf .110.less capable- in using the i)art to'enlist the sympathies of her hearers, and throughout the piece'sang and acted with a verve-which stamps her as a; performer-tof rraro» powers;Germaino, piroporly tho^ heroine, of the opera, and to whom is entrusted'by far tho more trying of the vocal solos in the piece, was with great judgment allotted, to Miss- .Shaw. 'As an- accomplished vocalist the ability of this young. • lady has long ' been ioco<>niscd iu local circles. Possossmg a well cultivated voico of great sweetness aud con siderable power, shohas- always been heard with pleasure 011 the occasion of hor appear ance at local performances. In last night's opera she had full scope for the display of her vocal abilities,. and the unanimous verdict was that she acquitted herself iii a. manner that will greatly increase licr. repu tation assail accomplished. singer. ;Her acting also displayed, it may be said, 'miici) versatility, and from the first she established hersolf in the favor of the audience who rewarded her efforts throughout the piece with heat ty applause. The parts of tlie village •: gossips were persouated in/ a manner that left nothing to be desired by Misses Baxter; Mitchell, 13. Copland, and S. Mongan. The following ladies also appeared with succeess as village girls:—Mesdames Shaw, Jeremy and Morison, Misses Shaw, M. Shaw, Tompson, Stephen,!1. Stephen, Frize,' Marvel,.Lincoln, Mougan, M. Mon gan, B Copland, Mitchell, Baxter, Lawford, aud Daley. The members tilling tho mparts of Coachmen, Peasants, Fisherman, &c.;, were :7~Messrs. Wyndham, Pike, Caldwell, Hunter,"Peijcler, Litchfield, Minchiri, 0. Minchin, Hardy, Marks, Macready, Law forn;Chapman, Eaton, Reading, Scott, Bblluir, and. Burrow. From the above list i-it will bo seen the trained chorus wasv-stroug in point of numbers, .whiloas regards musical efficiency the proofs afforded last uight were most convincing. The. chorus ofthe. bells whiclvis repeated so frequently in the opera, wiis given on each occasion ^witlr charming' effect, so • much so indeed that its^ ropititidn was. more than once demanded;Through <tfie- request for encores the* performance was rather more protracted than was thought would be the case, but this fact was not the causo of grumblingon tho part of the'dudionco,vwliich. Crowded all par.ts of the Oddfellows' Hall who seemed to thoroughly enjoy the opera from beginning to end. At tho end oiVeachfuot ; it may bo mentioned that theprincidal per* i formers - were called before» tho.;.: curtain, i:anil this compliment was again paid tlvem at the close of the performance., y : Tho opera will bo repeated this ovening, \whcn a slight change'willvbo mado in the cast. i - . > 