Methodist Convention. WELCOME MEETING. There was a fair attendance at the meeting held last night in the William- street Wesleyan Church, for the purpose of welcoming the ministers who were attending the Methodist Convention, the first session of which opens to-day. Sixteen ministers stationed in the district had signified their intention of being present, but only four had been able to reach Bathurgt during the day, the remainder were to arrive by mail train at night and the remainder this morning. Those in attendance were : Rev. F. Duesbury (Orange), Rev. R. M. Laverty (Hill End), Rev. H. Wheen (Sunny Corner), and the resident ministers Revs. W. G. Taylor and C. E. James. An apology was read from Rev. J. Harrison, who had arrived in town but through indisposition was unable to attend. The chair was occupied by Rev. W. G. Taylor, and the meeting was opened with singing and prayer. The Chairman explained that this meeting had been an after thought, the object being to prepare themselves for the convention which was to follow. This was the first gathering of the kind that had been held west of the mountains, and the one idea they had was to clearly and definitely bring themselves in line with the leadings of the Holy Ghost. It was not a meeting for business. All matters of finance and questions of management of circuits were dealt with at the November meetings. The brethren were coming in order to obtain an impetus in their work and go back to their circuits full of faith and of the Holy Spirit, and he pleaded with all who took part in the meetings, whether as speakers or hearers, to bring themsolves in line, put aside the critical ear and come hungering for the Spirit. He had been present at many conventions and had seen signal blessings follow. He urged all who could to attend and bring with them their friends. What all were longing for was an old-fashioned Pentecostal revival. Rev. C. E. James referred to the need of the church having more of the motive power. He was pleased to be able to welcome the brethren who were attending this convention. He had recently visited one of the most remote parts of the district and was assured that the convention was surrounded by a circle of prayer extending from the river Darling to the fringe of the Blue Mountains. In their churches they sometimes received spiritual light from a distance, as in the case of Rev. Thomas Cook, but they could be missioners in themselves and this is what they sought to be in order that the blessings and light might go out from the centre and the holy fire radiate and warm the whole of their churches and members. He knew that in the Batharst church many had been and were being touched by the spirit of God and they had evidence of a revival. The visit of their brethren would do them, good and while they received a blessing they would also be able to impart one. The one object was to try and bring spiritual fire into the churches and then take it back to the circuits. Rev. F. Duesbury expressed a hope that every element of reserve would be broken down, and that there would be entire freedom of thought and expression, They had all come with one definite object and he was anticipating a great blessing. At their last district synod one brother had said it would be a blessed thing if they could have a retreat where, by fasting and prayer they could get nearer to God, but he thought that they could receive this at such a convention, surrounded with the warmth of the social feeling of Bathurst people, and the spirituality of the place. They should realise that they had come to receive spiritual aid in their work. He was pleased to report that in Orange a blessed work was being carried on and conversions were frequently made. Rev. Laverty was pleased to have had the opportunity of being present, and referred to the work of the church, and its spiritual condition at Hill End. He spoke earnestly on the necessity of tact and forbearance in the work of the church. Mr. John Tremain looked upon this convention as a family gathering, and all had come witb one feeling uppermost in their minds. They expected a great blessing and were prepared to receive all that God would give them. He hoped that there would be an absence of the critical spirit of complaining, but all would be found fall of faith and humility. Rev. H. Wheen said that it was always inspiring to him to come to Bathurst, but this occasion was especially so. Bro. Laverty had touched the right keynote when he had referred to the necessity of being sincere, and he urged all concerned to see if they had this spirit of sincerity. He had, until this year, been laboring in remote places where he was lonely and had little to stimulate him, but he had kept near to Christ and had often been biassed. Now that he was near the centre of activity he was in anticipation and had already seen good results. A good deal bad been recently said about reaching the masses, but he was satisfied that when the charades themselves were in a proper condition to do this, the way to do it would be made clear. The Chairman then announced the meetings for to-day, this evening, Wednesday, and Thursday. He urged the people to make every effort to attend and was assured a blessing was in store for them. The meeting then closed with singing and prayer. 