HUGHENDEN-WINTON RAILWAY. A meeting of tko oommittco appoi the public meeting which was held tot ago in opposition to the Hughenden-' Railway WAS held last night at the of Mr. IV. H. Robison (Hon. Secretary), were present: - Messrs. W. Burn Kidston, T. Henderson, T. Kelly, , combe, J. C. Browne, F. Power, H. 1 «nd A. Bertram. Mr. Burns was voted chair on the proposal of Messrs. Hen and Fidden. Mr. BERTRAM : Is this a public meet Tho SECRETARY : Yea. Tho SECRETARY then read thc fol telegram, dated the 27th of September Mr. G. S; CurtiB, M.L.A.:-"I sugges your Committee endeavour to get me held at Longreach and Barcaldine to i against the Hughenden-IViuton Rail He (the Secretary) had also had u letter Brisbane, the 29th of last mouth, from W. Hartley, in which it was stated th proposal of the Government to inclut extension of a railway from Hugh sixty-five miles towards Winton in it way policy had occasioned great su and dissatisfaction to Mr. Archer and Central members, especially as it was i stood that no such proposal would bo this session ; but the Committee coull assured that nothing would be left ui by Mr. Archer and the other tnembi the division to defeat the project. H< Secretary) had also had a letter frorr Curtis confirming his telegram and cx| inc the hope that vigorous action wou taken. The object for which tho mc was called waa to consider what should bs taken with reference to Curtis's telegram. In reply to Mr. Fi the Secretary said that a circular wa» se Barcaldine some time ago requesting tl public meeting should be held there to pr against the building of the tine ; but he not received any reply. A telegram, ever, bad been forwarded to the Bril Courier from Barcaldine, stating it wac intended to have anything to do with matter. Longreach, on the other hand, favourable to the Committee's suggestion. The CHAIRMAN said the Government misled tho Central people with regard to railway. When they waited on Mr. Ni {Premier) in Rockhamton in April las (Hr. Nelson) rather jeered at them asked them who said ¿he Government going to build it. It was evident, I «vcr, that it bad been the intention of Government to construot the line all a and that it had merely hoodwinked people hep. Mr. BERTRAM: I see the Blackall pe are moving in the matter of getting a rail to that place. The SECRETA RV: They have been di that (or years. Mr. BERTSAH : So far as I can see t cannot do it consistently and protest aga a line from Hughenden to Winton. Tbs SECRETARY : They have protested, very strongly. The CHAIRMAN: It is strange they sho The SECRETARY, in reply to Mr. Brov said he issued about thirty circulars to pu bodies in the division. He had received c eight replies and seven of these were fav< «ole to the Committee's snggestion. Mr. FIDOES (to the Secretary) : Yon nonnced that this was a public meetii On what grounds did yon do that ? The SECRETARY : Mr. Henderson came me this morning and in'ormed me that majority of the members of the Commit were in favour of having the press here. Mr. FIDDES: It is for the Committee say to-night whether the meeting is to private or publie Mr. HENDERSON : If you had any object to the reporters being present yon were qi at liberty to state it, Hr. BERTRAM : I do not think the memb of the Committee generally have been spot to on the matter. ' - JSrrHMBXJisox : Ko. Mr. FIDDES: I move that the meeti résolves itself into committee. Mr. HENDERSON : The reason I asked i Robison to invite the press to be present « because the majority of the members wi desirous the press should be here ; bnt it w «learly understood that if the Committee c not want it to be here it should say so. course we could not esk the représentât» of the Press to attend unless they were i vited beforehand. Mr. BERTRAM : I will second Mr. Fidde motion. Mr. KIDSTON: I move that the press admitted. Mr. POWER seconded the amendment. The amendment was then pot. and carrie Messrs. Kidston, Power, Browne, Larcom! and Henderson voted for it and Messi Borrram and Fiddes against it Mr. KIDSTON: I should just like to si «hat there are things in connection with tl matter lt is not judicious to say, and membe of Committee should nae a little discretion speaking. TheCnAiBVAK: I hope so. Mr. KIDSTON : The division is in a tickli púsTUon, »nd members of Committeo shou faneniber that. The CHAIRMAN said he thought that if were pufbeforc Southern memoera that tl Centre bsd as much right to take i railway into the Southern Division i the Northern Division had to bring i line into the Central Division, the Cent! would receive a fair amount of syn pithy from them. (Mr. BROWNE: I thin oar members will do that.") He bad pointe «ut that fact to a Southern gentleman tl other day-and shown that Charleville ooul save 100 miles of railage by coming to Rocl bampton-and he acknowledged he had nevi viewed the question from that aspect befon Mr. KIDSTON said he could not help thinl ing that further protesting would have ii «fleet whatever on thc determination of tl; Government to build the railway. In fad tiley might as well expect to persuade a ca to let go a mouse that it bad just caught b moral suasion as expect to induce Mr. Phil to give np this line for any sweet moral coi eideratlon. It might be their duty t protest ; but he did not think it would anec the isBue very much. Every member c Committee must regret that the Centn members did not act on the suggestion mad by the Committee and the public mectin some four months ago ; but it would h unwise at this stage to say anything tho would have the appearance of casting blain on the members, which, perhaps, they woul bear of later on. In the meantime, howevet tbs Committee might quite well express regre that the members had not done what hai boen suggested because if they had acted o the suggestion the proposal would never hav been tabled st all, he believed. Of far mor importance than that, though, waa the quce tion of trying to strengthen thc hands of th members. No doubt they would oppose th Government as strongly as they knew how but the Committee might express ita desir that they should oppose the proposal by ever constitutional expedient. (Mr. FIDDES' " Stonewalling, for instance ?") They shoulc not hesitate in stonewalling or anything else but even that, he was afraid, would not b . «Bective in having the railway rejected b] the Legislative Assembly. The Central mern bera were not sufficient in number to defeat i measure upon which they alone were special); interested, and the only thing he could sci which was likely to do any good at all was ti appeal to the Leader of thc Opposition ant tho Leader of the Labour Party to assist ir securing the postponement of consideration of the Dill until after the general election. The proposal of thc Government was a neu departure in railway construction in Queens land and and an interference with thc districts which had hitherto been re cognised ; and whatever might bc thc opinion ai to the desirableness of the line, in the present position of thc claim made for Separation by the Centre and North it would be quite permissible to appeal to the leaden of the Opposition and the Labour Party to aid thc Central members ic having thc bill shifter) over until thc genen election was concluder], Ho would move t that effect. Mr. HRNDKIISOK, in seconding the motion suggested the Secretary might writo to Mi llrovvno, tlie member for Croydon. Mi Browne wan likely to do the movement t stop the building of this line a great des more good tbun Mr. Glnsscy. Although Mt Glaasey represented a Northern constituent ho was essentially u Southern member, whil Mr. Browne was essentially a Northen member and an ardent Separationist at that Mr. CurtiB, in his letter to tho Committee said he thought that the accession thc Govern mcnt won d receive from tho Northern mern bera would moro than make up for any deice tion among its supporters. That was when the chief danger came in. Thc Northen Labour members, he believed, would vote wil l the Government ; but if Mr. Browne could bi convinced that thc linc would bo inimical t( Separation, a good muny of those mcmben would be got to oppose thc Government, or at all events, to abstain from voting for tin proposal. That done, thc division would b< a vol y close one, if it did not result in thc defeat of thc Government. But if thc pro fiosal was curried by a narrow majority thc inc could not be completed before Parliament was dissolved, and in thc new Parliament il would be comparatively easy to rescind thc vote. Mr. LARCOMBE supported the motion, re- marking that the people of the Central Divi- sion Iud ^ od ground for asking thc support of thc Southern members as well as that of the Opposition and thc Labour Party in the fact that the proposal would involve tho use- less expenditure of money. The line would not bring in any additional revenue. It would simply mean that there would be extra traffic on thc Townsville linc-traffic that now caine to Rockhampton, but which then would go to Townsville instead of Rock- hampton. Mr. FIDDES said it w,is only right to assume there were fair* men on both aides of the House-men who did not want to do au in- justice to the Central Division ; and if an appeal were made to the Opposition aud Labour Parry these men might be prevented from assisting in defeating thc Government's Eroposal. In his opinion it would be far otter to appeal tn thc fair feeling and right mindedness of members generally- members who occasionally voted with tho Government as well as those who opposed it. Apart altogether from the question of Separa- tion, the Hughenden line was one which should not be constructed. What the Govern neut proposed to do was a thing that no private company would do. No company would build one line and then construct another to compete with it. The country that the Hughcndcn-Winton Railway proposed to tap was country that had hitherto dealt with theCentral Division. IftheNorthcrn people wanted a share of the expenditure and wished to build a railway, they should take it towards Richmond. That was a line that would be best, not only in the interests of the North, but in the interests of the whole colony. As he had already said, it would bc better for thc Committee to appeal to the general fair feeling and right mindedness of ¡Southern members, for be could not conceive of them wishing to see the Centre plundered. He did not know if they had aright to assume that the GovcrnTient intended to pass this railway. It was possible it might have been induced to bring it forward for political purposes. (Mr. KIDSTON: "Fan.") He would not Bay thc Government had brought it forward for fun, but it might be influenced by some political object. He would suggest to Mr. Kidston that he include in bis motion that an appeal be made to Southern members " Mr. HENDERSON : The Premier, who is the leader of the Southern members t Mr. FIDDES : I think wc should include the fair-minded members of thc South because if we confine our appeal to the Opposition and Labour Party we may, to a certain extent, weaken our vote. Mr. HENDERSON: It is hardly fair to ask the Secretary to write to all the Southern members, and the motion simplifies the matter by specifying the leaders of the two parties likely to be of assistance to us. How- ever, if Mr.' Fiddes thinks that the leader of the third party (Mr. Nelson) ÍB likely to help us, it is open to bim to move an amendment. Mr. BERTRAM contended the discussion had drifted away altogether from the object for which the meeting was called and that the course proposed to be taken was no doubt the course that the Central members bad already taken. It might be, as had been suggested, that the Government had brought forward the proposal for political purposes-with the intention probahly of pacifying the North ; but he thought they might depend on thc good sense of the House for material assis- tance in rejecting it. Mr. KIDSTON : I hope Mr. Fiddes will not take what I am going to say as too personal ; but I think no one but a fool could have any doubt as to the Government meaning to pass the railway if it can. In fact, it ia simply the prico that the Brisbane political party is paying the Townsville party for its apostacy I to Separation. Mr. FIDDES : That is an assumption. Mr. KIDSTON': And it is only going to Sive it half of the railway. That is ecansc it wants to keep up the quarrel be- tween Townsville end Rockhampton. If the Government backed away from granting this railway to Townsville the people there would fet angry with it and go for Separation again, fe was perfectly certain of this-the Govern- ment would pass the railway this session if it could manage it. Mr. FIDDES : That ie jnst it. Mr. BROWNE : There is no doubt about that. Mr. KIDSTON : I am quite willing to appeal to Southern members if it is practicable. The reason I suggested the leaders of the Opposition and the Labour Party WHB that if we can get their assistance they can influence a good number of Southern and Northern members as well. No matter if every man in the Central Division made the most em ?chatio Tjrotcst nossible it would not have one arrow's weight with the Government. The Government ¡B not concerned about the Centre, but about splitting the Centre and the North, and that railway is a very effective means of doiugthat. The motion ¡B a somewhat forlorn hope ; but it seems to me it ¡B the only way we can do to help to strengthen the hands of our members. Mr. FiDnv-s : Appeal to the fair play of all the members. That is all I ask. Mr. KELLY: I am disappointed with tho I course thc discussion hos taken and I do not quite agree with tho way the motion is worded. The appeal should be made to thc Central members and it should be left to them to seek what aid they can to defeat the proposal I think that is what wc should do and not name any party. I am quite sure wc Bhall get some Bupport from the Sonth ; but I do not think wc can expect much from thc North. Sonic ol the Southern members will go against us, no doubt ; but there are fair minded men in the South who, I am sure, will sec that our case is a just one. I do not think, either, that at thc tail end of Parlia- ment like this a question involving Buch a large expenditure should bc brought forward. Mr. BERTRAM : And on an experimental line. Mr. Ki:i.w>: Wc are not asking for any- thing but what wo conceive to bc right, and if the proposal is not for some political job or other I cannot sec any other reason for it. Mr. LARCOMIÍK : Alter thc motion to read that we ask the leaders of thc Opposition and tile Labour Party to uso their influence with the Southern and Northern members to put a stop to this wasteful expenditure of public money. Mr. KIDSTON: I assume that thc Central members arc now doing everything they know to defeat the project, and I made this proposal-not very hopefully-but because I thought it might, possibly, result in good and strengthen the hands of the Central members, lt must not bc taken that thc Central members arc neglecting the matter, although I may-But 1 will not say it now. (Laughter.) The CHAIRMAN : There ia one point that haa not been urged, and that is that tho line is not going to add to the revenue. On the contrary, it will mean a loss, beean-o thc railways will lose nearly 100 miles of haulage and the Northern and Central lines will bo competing with each other. Mr. BEUTRAM : And thc interest on thc cost of constructing this line will bc lost. Mr. KIDSTON (to Mr. Fiddes) : I am quite willing to add that wc appeal to Mr. Ncisou, too. If you like. (Laughter.) Mr. KELLY : We have two members and thcro arc members representing the Central constituencies, and we should ask them to take thc matter in band and get thc assist- ance of all parties. Why should we appeal to members who do not belong to ns? Mr. FIDDES: Except on thc assumption that our members are doing all they cnn. Mr. KELLY : Except ou thc assumption that they are neglecting their duty in thu matter. Mr. F'DDEs: Oh, no. 1 Mr. KELLY: WC have to deal first with the Central members, who are the most in- terested. Mr. KIDSTON : I have assumed that they are doing all they can. Mr. KELLY: They may take it as a vote of censure if they arc not asked. Mr. FIDDES : It may be construed into something of the sort, though, of course, that is not intended. After further discussion Mr. Kidston altered his motion to read:-"That this meeting urges upon thc Central members to oppose by every constitutional expedient the proposed extension of the Northern Railway into Central Queensland, and, further. Appeals to thc Leader of thc Opposition and the Leader of thu Labour I'arty to use their influence with Southern and - ortheru mem- bers to secure a postponement of thc proposal until thc next session of Parliament on the ground that the constituencies have a right to be consulted before so great an alteration is made in the present districts into which thc colony is divided." Mr. FlDDrs: Make it "present railway system of the colony " instead of " prceni districts into which the colony is divided." Mr. KIDSTON* : It is quite well recognised that Queensland is divided into three elec- torates-three embryonic colonies-and the whole railway system bas hitherto been run on that assumption. (After a pause) How- ever, if you like to make it " present railway system of the colony" I have no objection. Mr. -FIDDES : It is altering the railway system. Mr. KIDSTON : And it will alter thc dis- tricts. Mr. FIDDES : Of course it will have that effect. After further debate Mr. Kidston's motion, amended to read thus, was carried without a dissenting vote : That this meeting urges upon the Central members to oppose by every constitutional expedient the -iroposed extension of thc Northern Railway into Central Queensland and, further, that wea ? peal tothc Lender of the Opj- Qsiilon and the Leader of the Labitir Party to use their influence u-itb Southern and Northern member* to secure a postponement of thc proposal until next session of Parliament, on the ground that the con. stituencles have a rieht to be consulted before so pi-cat an alteration is made in the present railway system ol the colony. It was agreed the Secretary should write to the bodies which had consented to act with the Committee in the matter, forwarding a copy of the motion and asking it to co- operate. Mr. BROWNE spoke of the necessity of can- vassing for funds to carry on thc movement ; and Messrs. HENDERSON and POWER, who, with Mr. W. G. J. Edgar, wera appointed to make a canvass, said they would start collect- ing at once. It was agreed there was no necessity to take any further action regarding thc tele- gram received from Mr. Curtis-the Secretary having been directed to forward copies of the motion that had just been passed to all the bodies which bad promised to help thc move- ment-and inorubera generally concurred in the opinion that the time for public demon- stration was past. Mr. HENDERSON : I hope the members here do not wish the public to believe that any- thing they have done is likely to have the slightest practical effect in stopping thc rail- way from being built. The Committee made a recommendation three or four months ago which suggested a practical means of stoppine it ; but what we have done to-night is simply the forlornest of forlorn hopes. There may be a ghost of a chance of defeating the pro- posal, but it is only a ghost of a chance. We asked our members to take effectual means of stopping the building of the railway three or four months ago ; but they did not do it nud now we ask other members to do pracricilly what our own members declined to do. There IB an old Baying that providence helps those who help themselves. Humanity is very much the same. If people do not help themselves, they cannot expect others to help them, even though they may be neighbours and friendly towards them. Mr. BERTRAM : This is not very révélant. Mr. HENDERSON : I should like to state my candid opinion that if the railway is built «ve shall not have the Government to blame but our own members. It will be Bimply there doing. Thc CHAIRMAN : There are different opinions on that. It is thc Government that is doing it, at any rate. Mr. FIDDES : If it had not been for the Government it would not have been done. Mr. KELLY : I do not wish it to go forth that we indirectly pass a vote of censure on our members. I believe tbey were alwuye anxious to stop this railway-as anxious as any people could be. I believe they had very good grouuds for hoping and believing that the Hue would never bc brought forward, and if they were deceived they could not help it. They are not the first who have been deceived in matters of this kind. I infer that if they had thought there was any necessity, for it they would have taken steps in time ; but now that they sec there is necessity they arc trying to do their very best, and no one can do more than that. I do not see that we have the right to pass a vote of censure on them even in an indirect way. This concluded thc business of the meeting. 