SPORTING NEWS. INTERCOLONIAL SPORTING ITEMS. (Et Avoirdupois.) Melbourne, August 13. The racing season of 1895-96 has opened most auspiciously, the signs and portents foreshadowing a really enjoyable time for the followers of the erstwhile "sport of kings." I use the word " erstwhile " advisedly. After last Saturday's expect me during the Caul- field Grand National Steeple case I am of opinion that it's more the sport of a lot of the riff-raff of the community thaT of the veritable " lords of creation." You seem Bilton had been uses -d abroad as a fairly good thing for the event, and those astute judges, Ribbleden," of the Australasian, and " Asmuvoa?," of the Leader, had even gone so far as the tip bird foe I ne oven:. That was quite enough to put the hot police on to him to a man, and when he came a porter at the second fence, just after the start, opposite, the stand, and J. E. Brewer, the? rider, evidently considered discretion the bo j or part of valour and declined to remount and pa say the field (who were being carried along by Highborn II. as, a truly terrific pace), the "great unwashed " gave tongue in -ugh a dastardly in order as to make a true c denial blush for his country. Yells, both, here, and the vilest of abuse was hurled at the bend of the horseman who but, a few days before had pt Bad as the popular idol owing to his brilliant performance s over hurdles on Emmalea and Rossstem. It was a pitiable ebullition, and as there was no attempt at a counter demonstration is became open and palpable that of late there must h w j bear a terrible exodus of true manhood from the queen colony of the South. No doubt there have been daredevil steeplechase riders galore in Victoria who would have remounts 1 and dashed off again in pursuit heedless of sons games but it always struck me that each individual-" simply courted a violent death, and that they valued the idiotic acclaim of the crowd for what they deemed to consider an exhibition of "pluck" more than they considered the barbarous usage to which they were soon ting the poor animal they happened to be bestriding. How Daimio won the Caulfield G and National S eeplochase will be a fit or of history with you long ere this reaches you but all the same for that, a? the Mes T. Gibson Brothers' gallant brown has made btsepläobnaa victory by compassing the four miles across country (24 obtiol'sjin 8 min. 16sec, (17sec. faster than DondiV previous record), I may well be pardoned if I devote a few lines to our latest equine h' re. Daimio, who is an aged gelding by Swiveller from Butterfly II. was bred in Gippsland and his now succeeded in carrying off the '. triple crown "-to wit, two Grand Nationals at Flemington, followed up by the Caulfield Grand National-vtiihouc a defeat. His latest exploit was a truly phenomenal one. as he carried the heavy impost of 13 t, 5th., To military with comparative ease in 296 e y faster time than the mighty Redleap accom praised the feat. Certes, Redleap had 2lb. more in the saddle, but then the son of Dante and Pandora hidn't animals of the calibre of Romslal, Geometry, Highborn II.. Campaspe, Knebsworth, and Medicine to tackle, and right through the journey-or at 1 lash fell over two-thirds of it-one or the other of these was continually rushing to the front and forcing the pace. Then, again, James Barbour, his jockey, had experienced a heavy fall with No Name at Sandown Park only 12 days before, from the effects of which he hadn't. recovered, his face being a warned in bandages. That was the only thing that caused me to waver in the slightest degree from my allegiance to Daimio; but I can assure you when I happened to meets flour on the Thursday before the event in Bourke street and noticed his wretched plight, despite his cheery reply to my inquiry, " Oh, I'm all right," I began to agitate as to whether during such a prolonged struggle it wastes essentially necessary that the rider should be every whit as '' fit " as his mount. And Jem Barbour waaVs that-not by long chalks. However, he had sufficient strength to keep D Munro is a splendid position never further away than fourth-till Within a mile and a quarter from home, when he sent him along with a mighty " wish " that; brought down Medicine (going thundering well at the time), who attempted to take-off at an obstacle with him. And woo to any animal that attempts to take-off as far as Daimio ache, for I never witness; d a horse (during a lengthened racing career in Victoria and New South Wales) clear an obstacle with such a bound na Daimio swept over the logs in front of the alaU'l the second time round. The aland, reserves, and flat all rose in acclaim at the feat proof positive of its extreme rarity. And then, after passing the back stretch, and when sweeping down to the home turn, Romsdil, Highborn II, and Geometry stated in hot pursuit, the excitement rose to boiling heat, as it was deemed a matter of impossibility for equine flesh and blood to hear the attain Daimio was being s objected to. But cm approaching the straight, when Barbour was seen to turn in the saddle so as to gauge the strength of the opposition following it suddenly dawned on the spectators that the favourite must be going well within himself for such an accomplished horseman to hazard Bach a risk, and a roar? want a > that; might have momentarily silenced Niagara, the whole assembly joining in the din. Never since Carbine romped home with 10st. 5lb. in front of Hgaboru, Cor ozs, and 36 others in the Mole urne Cup of 1890 have I witnessed such tremendous excitement on a racecourse, and never were the plants more death ning as Barbour and' D time returned to scale It was the era of a racioglifetime. Although Daimio won with apparent ease both he and Barbour bore evident signs of distress afterwards, and no wonder. That; the horse was broach!; to Um post in such condition as to last through a terriffic struggle of that description reflects the highest credit on his trainer, Mr. R. H. Frew, and could Daimio but stat- as fit and well for the Liverpool Grand National as he did last Saturday, he would make the best of the Earl's i chasers heave their flanks ere they had done with him over the four miles and a half of the Aintree course. RoDnilal, a five-year old gelding by Boolka from Wara, proved himself to had of using off" over the big sticks, and considering that he is compiraÜTsly groan at the game his performance in finishing second was no end of a good one. So was Geometry's third. Geometry is a five-year-old mare by Euclid from Gapcony, and this". year won the Maiden Hurdle Rice at the V.R.C. Grand National Meeting. Saturday was her first performance v steeplechase, but; as I had seen her popping over the schooling fences at Flemington in faultless fash n I took all sorts of good rate to have Mr. E.Mauif old's mare on my side. Highborn II. was not be there ighly wound- up as those who finis el in front of him, added to which it was manifest the right hansel style of going he had been accus tomed to in New South Wales proved a dis- ability, as on coming to each jump he endeavoured to ran down a paling or so on the whip hand. Campaspe struck very heavily three obstacles from home, whilst Knebsworth (who has passed into Willy Filgate's hands, having been purchased by Mr. Alex. McCracken) had something more than r~a outside show for a place when he toppled over at the last jump. But there. I suppose you will be saying by this time, "Enough and to spare about byegone events ; after your thoughts about the future! All right! Barkis ia willin'! The Messrs. Miller have started right off the mark (apron? off their fair?, as it were) by annexing g the these two year-old races already contested. Two of these they " hypnotised by the aid of Riana has? '. reckons" filly (kindly excuse me; I'll not offend in like manner again by Glorious from Eda, who was by Gang Forward from Fadalina by Talk o' the Hill. Like all the glorious youngster?, Rask a bit " on the le,' you know, plenty of daylight; under her-hut chair as fast as greased lightning, and one of the others (23 in the First Sapling, of three furlongs, and nine in the second Sapling, of three furlongs and a half had the ghost of a show with her from the time the starting? barrier was released. Mc. S. Miller his half a dozen others beside Esk in the Maribyrnong P ate, and if he p was seen one who can skip along as fast and stay (-md my information leads me to infer that he has, of whom more and 1) then the great two-year-old event of the spring ousfhD to go to the Mill Park east ablishment. M'. S. G. Cook's filly the Bright Eyes (by Trenton-The Charmer finished second to Razak in the First Sapling, he', did not start in the second. She is a spot filly, bat hardly be good in so? humble opinion as another in the Pytchley Lo Ige stable to wit, The Officer (by Ribin Ben Cruso»-Vlirie Lorrie), who reminds me much of Navigator. Mr. S Miller secured the Two Year-Old Stakes, of four furlongs, at G long, with a bay colt named Bertram (bp Nejfcprsqat Mair Merrilies), by' his Ex change (Gibraltir-Saourity) bean rid of more vigorously I fancy he would have got home right enough. The Carbine stock have competed, but although fine looking youngsters in the main they evidently r quire a little more time to develope. Quite a number of Caulfield Cup candidates have been disporting themselves since my last, principal among them, so far as winning performances are concerned, being Miraen Meux, who won the Balaclava Stakes, of one "i e, from Ttw Parisienne (7st. 8lb ), Marshal Ney (8th.), and 13 other?, including. Dream liii (9st. ), by a length and a half, in 1min. 47 geo. Miraoulanx carried 7st. 3lb. (5 b. more than he is imposed at in the Caulfield Cup, and the pe-rrormar,c3 was a sterling good one, banked up as it was by another victory at Mentone that day week. when he carried8aMlb. and putdawnLunid (6 12 f ), St. David (st. 9 b), and nine other *, including Purses (lost) in the Mentone Handicap of one mile, traversed in 2min. 49 330. Then last Saturday at Caulfield Tullamore g ives is a taste of his quality by finishing like a bulldog in the Moondah Handicap, of a mile and time furlongs, in which he carried 7st. 10lb. (2. in r than he had got in the Caulfield Cup), and defeated Dahallow (Get. 13 b.) by a neck; Duballow't) stable companion Damper (7st. 5lb year was heavily backed for the event, being third 'three lengths away, 10 others constituting the field, and the time-being particularly '' quick and lively," to wit, 2min. 2880, T a Possible (9st 2lb.). and Dreamland St. 121b ), both look ng bier and lusty, finished fifth and sixth ; Lana (Gate. 7 b.) being fourth. The Admiral was handicapped at 10st. 12lb for the event won by Tullamore, and Mr. S. G. C )ok informed me he would have started him therefore I. only he considered Tollu mare had 7lb. too little for him to stand a chance of defeating him. " Consequently," continued Mr. Cook, ''much again?'? my wish, for I trodd dearly have liked to win with The Admiral with 10st. 12lbs., I withdrew the old horse and backed To Tusmore to win." Now, if the Admiral had a " second to one chance " at a mile and three furlongs with 10 it. 12th., what sort of a chance must he possess (fib and wall on the Canfield Cup day, of contra" ! ) at a mile and four furlongs with only 9st. lb. on his back ? Upon the Sydney side Venita? "panoply and Fitz Donovan have been show its first class farm, the latter, who is animated hereby Donovan (winner of £6,000 n stakes in two years), from the Hermit mare, alone winning the Welter Handicap of one mile, at Canterbury Park last Saturday, from Rock Rose (9st. 5lb.), Zingara (9st. 12lbs ) and eleven others in time. 45sec. Fitz Donovan, who was purchased in England to Mrs James White's order for 1450 guineas as a yearling, carried 8st. 10lb. to victory. He reckons a four-year-old, and has 63-. 10lb. in the AJC. Epsom Handicap (of a miles, 6st. 8lb. in the A.J.C. Metropolitan Stakes (a mile and a half), 7st. 5lb. in the Caulfield Cup, and 8st. 10lb. in the M Melbourne Cup. Very fair entries have been received for the first of the "extra" meetings, to be held at Flemington on Saturday, 24th Inst. During settling over the i1>ulfir*ld Grand National mine ing on Monday, Duhallow, Newman and Tullamore were selected for the Caulfield Cap with various charges in the Melbourne Cup, notably with Drs inland and Rev, each double being supported to win £15,000. The Admiral was favourite for Caulfield at 100 to 5, at which price Dreamland was favourite for the M Thomas Curl. At Geelong on Saturday, Alby Union scored 29 goals 15 behinds against the United Union's 1 goal 9 behinds. Last Saturday, on the Sydney Cricket Ground, Moore Park New South Wales intercolonial football match, under Rugby R he, was played between teams represent- ing New South Wales and Victoria. The Na w South Wales team was far from being thoroughly r«»pr:sen.nnve, but still they carried too many guns for the " Vice. " who suffered defeat by 25 points to 6. Of those who were not consider me during the trial MARy be comforted Dart, Diamond, McKenzie, Percy, Power, Rice, and Tough You balm of of Victoria, and Bare, Hadwin, Kurck, ."VTcGregor, Read, Shjrhnd and Walker for No 2 South Wales. Football has develop d into a regular Now-yon--ee-it and now-yon-doufc " sort of game in Victoria, and as public enthusiasm is aim at moribund, it is needless to say the great winter game in raising through part in bad times. O'l a glorious steamers like the? Saturday, and with a m itch-Me'boirne v. Essendon likely to attach the Premiership, there weren't more than 1,000 spectators paid for admission to the Melbourne Cricket Ground. N itwitbatanding Melbourne's son doleful luck" Eisend m simply pranced over the redlegs scoring 7 goals 12 behinds to 4 goals 2 behinds after hitting the post twice. Over at South Melbourne 'h to match between South Melbourne and Geelong attracted between 5,000 and 6,000 people, who witnessed Geelong put down by 6 goals 6 behinds to 3 goals 12 behinds; De Colt failing to secure a solitary goal from humorous chances. These defeats places the struggle for the premier- ship in rather an embarrassing stage, Geelong being on top at present, but only 2 points in advance of Fitzroy. who in turn hold 52 points ad val age over Melbourne. Then follow South Melbourne at Collingwood (a " try"), 16 points behind ; with Essendon sixh, 14 points to the bad. The leading goal kickers area Colt (Geelong,) 7 ; James (Geelong), 21 A Burns (South Melbourne), 17 ; J. Grace (Fitzroy), 17 ; H. McShane (Geelong), 16 ; AUop (Richmond), 16 ; Fraser (South Melbourne), 15; Room (Melbourne). 15; Smith (Collingwood), 15 ; W. Warren (Williamstown), 13; McCarthy (Melbourne), 