THE LAST OP THE ABORIGINAL RACE OF TASMANIA. The mournful tale of Billy Latin ey, AS t told by one who followed a portion of his remains to St. David's Burial Ground, Hobart Town, March 6th, 186U. | A TALE. | I feing William Lanney is no more. The last of Tasman's black men j 1 Had be but died a month before 1 He'd surely in a sack been I Thrown overboard in decent style, 1 Soft would bave been bis bed, man, But fate ordain'd on his own soil, ! That he should die instead, man. His body to the dead-house went, By some designed for barter, Who stole hiB head with full intent, To get his carcase arter ; But somehow doctors disagree, / And thi6 a case in proof is, ? Borne quarrel where his trunk can be, And others where his roof is. There's one thing certain, his remaioB Were coveted by many, But no one claimed poor Bllly's brains, Because he hadn't any. It was a clever trick withal To lift his woolly scalp, man, Take off his head, and o'er the wall To fling it without help, man. His hands and feet they did curtail, To save bim from the 44 saatch man,' Then put another head quite stale To cheat the lynx- eyed watchman, Disfigured with the skin and scaln Of Billy Lau,' the black man, With lota of lime the frau ( to help Which they forgot to slack, man. LAKKET^ FBJEKD. John Woodcock Graves, with honest zeal And no small share of pluck, man, Unto our kindness did appeal To follow Bill, the black man. We mustered at tbe dead-house door, With hundreds at our hack, man ; The like was never seen before As burying the last black mac. With steady tramp wc jogged along ; A duck was heard to quack, man, As the bell kept going gong, gong, Impatient for the black man. At last the coffin did arrive, With odds and ends a pack, man, 6t. David's Church was all alive— Not so poor Bill, the black mac. Opossum rug, scran b&g;, and sticks, Long spears, and such like wrack, We all could see, when silence breaks, With service o'er the black man. Then to his grave we gently went, And lowered him in a crack, man, Wi' many 'a tbe groan that ne'er had vent For ' our dear departed' black man. We left him there to take bis rest, Unto our homes went back, man : His grave that night tbey did molest, And stole poor Bill, the black man. Old Bosb' head— minus the scalp (It's well to say alack, man) We found next morning without help, Jut wljere we left the black man. MORAL 1. Much fuss and bother then was made, One doctor got the sack, man. But all that's done and all that's said, Wou't put together the black man. OAUTION. To all who stop out late at night— And those, we fear, arc many God sends the injured mournful sprite Of mutilated Lanney. A white man's head, a black man's trunk, Must be an awful sight, man ; Btout is the heart that would not funk.. To meet it in the night, man. And evermore his ghost will be A terror to our children, When call'd to take the dcais away Their senses most bewildering, The deed is done ; we must atone, Of masses say a host, man, And UBe the philosophic stone To lay bis troubled ghost, man. We arc told for ccrtaln, In their dreams, Those men who cut bim up, man(l Witb horror start, and fcarfulacreams Come from the barbels shop, .man. The people are from sleep deterred, The watchmen rnn about, man, Then ask each other, if they beard Some one in trouble shout, man. In fact, our town is on the wane, Whole streets will be to let, man ; To longer stop would be insane ; A living we can't get, man. While poor Bill Lanney's ghost appears There never can be luck, man — One doctor pray s, the other swears — jfr^Aad babes refuse to suck man. Tbie fretful ghoul we must assuage, Or frightened with a frog, man ; j Acclimatise is now the rage, Then soften down with grog, man. UOBAL XI. The moral of my tale is this Some people have strange notions ; Some men will curse where others bless, Of humbug there is— oceans. This trashy rot should be forgot— How many have gone whacks in, All thro' tbeir life, with spade and knife, Blubber and bone o' the black-skin. JOHV PliOUGAMAK. Peteb Oldham Captain ,l Prisdlla.' Hobart Town, March 8, 18C9. WILLIAM LAKNEY, commoniy known as *' King Billy,' the last male aborigine. A poem in tbreo cantos, after Bassett Dixon's 44 Hone Hcnc ' (a long way ahead I), by tbe Printer's Devil. Set to music by Vates, — B. Mobiabty. canto i . The English found Tasmania's isle A lovely spot, where all things smile ; The natives were a harmless race, Who lived by fishing and the chaise. By devious arts and cunning wile, The blacks were lur'd to Flindcia' Isle ; Sent thence, to Oyster Cove they came; To end their days in grief and shame. Their numbers soon thlnn'd down to three, Two womci and tbc chief, Lanne ; And now, my muse indigoant, Ftate, The crime that marked King Billy's fate. His bowels in a dirty crcek, His finals crown a madman's freak, HiB bead is nowhere to be fonnd, His body stolen from the ground. Foul dogs are scrambling for bis bones ; ! Can these things be 1 Where's A. B. Jonei ? Shall CbristiaoB in a Christian land Not raise a voice, or lift a hand f CANTO II. Corona gloria and grand finale when the King s body is put together again, t^a When a soldier scoffs at fame, i And maidens lose the blush of shame ; When oysters roost and breed in trees, And water burnB and will not freeze ; Not till then, 'tis true, by jingo, , Lanney's toarrawah jomps up dingo. 