GENERAL BREVITIES Some of the best English jockeys earn ■ above L100 a week. Only one person in four in London earns over LI a week. The art of knowing men maybe learnt, but cannot be taught. Russia reported to be extensively’ buy ing Australian scoured woo). An exposition of arts and industries will be held in the citv of Mexico in 1896\. ' , The Chinese settlers of Formosa num- i ber fully 2,500,000 out of a population of , 3,000,000. . s Japan is almost as large as California, , having 147,000 square miles, while the American state has 15S,000. ’ The phosphate mines of Florida num- 1 ber 100, and they yield more than 500,000 1 tons of phosphate annually. ( The Japanese believe in ghosts, and 1 pictorially represent them as pale-faced 1 women, with hair hanging over their i eyes. s The city built by Brutus, the semi- | mythical discoverer of Great Britain, on j the site of the present London, bore the , name of Troja-Nova. The West Virginia house of delegates J has passed a law for ever disfranchising 1 any man having been ’convicted of selling * liia vote or of asking money for' it, 1 A London firm which has manufactured ( eight of:the eleven cables linking, the r United States to England make fifty- I In each wing of the ostrich, twenty-six j long white plumes grow to maturity in eight months. In the male these are pure ; white, while those of the female shade to ' ecru or grey. ' Before semaphore signalling came into ‘ vogue on English railways a lighted earidle at night in the window of a station house signified “stop,” while its absence indicated the line was clear. A native of Formosa is not thought worthy of any place in a tribe until he has brought home at least one Chinese head. The greater the number of heads the higher he is raised in the tribe. Mr John Ruck, an inventor, has suc ceeded in crossing the Channel in a cycle boat of his own designing. He travelled from Dover to Calais, a distance o twenty-one miles, in seven hours and a quarter. The cost of the Marseilles and Rhone Canal is estimated at 80,000,000 francs, half of which is to be provided by the State and half by the city and the de partment. It will be 33 miles in length, including a tunnel four miles long. Tliere are no telegraph polos in China. This is because the Celestials will not allow a shadow to fall on the gruves of their ancestors, which are scattered thickly over the whole country. Conse quently all the telegraph wires are laid underground. The Government of Norway and Sweden have decided upon the purchase of the principal lines of railway now in the hands of private companies in these countries. In Sweden there are 5454 miles of railway, of which only 1811 are the property of the State. An apparatus for burning coal dust has been brought out in Germany. The con sumption of even the most inferior class of coal dust is attended with no smoke, while the heat producod is so intense that the apparatus has been adapted in Berlin to smelting works and with excellent re sults. [ More than half the world’s supply of ', tin is mined in the Straits ‘settlement at 1 the tip of the Malay peninsula. The out ; put in 1891 was 36,061 tons, out of a i total of 56,651 tons; 12,106 tons came i from the Dutch East Indies, chiefly from I l the Island of Banks, leaving only 8384 , tons for the rest of the world. • | Professor Blackie in his will has, it is . .underatood, left oalyL4000, having con . veyed the’ bulk':: of ‘ his;; property t«- Mrs., v Blabkie before 'his- death! His modern’’ 3 Greek library—said to be one of the finest 1 in existence—he leaves to Edinburgh ■ University, and after Mrs Blackie’s death • a Blackie travelling scholarship in Greek f will be founded. 3 The Father of the House of Commons s (Right Hon. C. P. Villiers, uncle of Lady t Loch), is now in his ninety-fourth year, and for the last sixty years he has sat con ‘ tinuously ass member for Wolverhampton. Taking a retrospective glance down the long vista ef his life (says bur London ' correspondent), the venerable Parliamen r tariau remarked on Tuesday : “ It is net > a good thing for the country that its navy 3 should bo made the ball of party. We > have been getting behindhand, while r France has been creeping on. I have been i most interested in reading Lord Brassey’s 5 suggestions about manning the Navy. I can recall the time when everybody ‘ thought it the right thing to send a son ! into the Navy, and it is unfortunate that : the patriotic spirit should decline.” When r Mr Yilliers began his public life, Parlia »• ment was paramount in the education of l the public xrnnd. Now, he says, newa \- papers and popular organisations are i nearly as powerful as the House of Com mons in the shaping of opinion. 