Water or Death. A THRILLING STORY. . & Comes From Coolgardie. THE LAST RESORT. And White Beat the Black. A writer in the Adelaide Standard gives the following Coolgardie extraordinary ex perience : — " As I have often told yon, the Western Australian nigger is no beauty, neither is he of much use, but he has one redeeming feature, he can hnd water in places that no white man would ever dream of searching for it ; bnt the fellows who hang around camps are not of much real service. The wild tribe in tbe back country are tbe useful animals, but it is no easy matter to get one of those sava ges to point bnt a soak ' to a white fellow.. They will tafee all the damper, tobacco, and . tinned camel you care to give them, or that they can steal, and they will readily pro mise to find ' plenty gabbing.' As you know « gabbing ' means water in their liquid language, whioh is about as sweet to listen to as their faces are to look upon. But after fooling you ronnd the bush, until they know by the gleam in your eyes that you won't stand them any longer, thev snddenly disappear in the bush, and it is not a healthy sort of amusement hunting for them when they once get a good start in that forest. The prospeotors out back give them a Day or Two to Find Water; if they do not find it then they tie the nigger to a tree and keep him there until he is as dry as the inside of an oyster shell. Then they let him go and follow him, As a rule the coon makes a straight dive for the nearest water. They say that the men of their tribe will kill any savage who gives up the eeoret of these precious waterholes. Away beyond Idgery a couple nP ttfrton ooforo—ftn a of tttVi n 5 „ H _ -.11 wa. wuc Ul v; UUdAA A a t WtJli" known Adelaide boy — got clean ont of water, and they feared that they had looked their last on the City of Churches, for they were too far ont to hope to get fcaok to any oivilised camp before death would put in his claim. As they lay dreaming' at the fiush of dr,wn a footfall soft as the caress of a snowfiike on a seam of soot broke the deathlike stillness, a twig broke, and then a sable warrior ad his gin glided into the white man's camp, and silently as ghosts began to loot it. Had the whites heeu sleeping they would never hare heard the stealthy maurauders. The diggers lay still and waited for a chance to spring. The chance oame and the Adelaide man wound his arms round Tha Skinny Legs of the Warrior. The gin got away, and the ' buck ' kioked and bit and fought, and got half strangled for his pains. Then he was fed on dry damper and salt fish, and tied, to a tree until morning. At daylight he' got another ample feed— etU bacon this time— and was asked how far it wig to the nearest water- hole. He could talk a mixture of English and nigger dialeot, and this is what he said : 'Ginda get up, white pellow walka walka walka, gindah tumble down, white pellow sit down, sloenA niake'm plenty plonr; gindah get "hp, white pellow walka walka walks, gindah tumble down, white pellow sit down, sleep, make 'em plenty plonr ; gindah get up, white pellow walka walka walks, gindah tumble down, white pellow get gabbing. This being interpreted meant that the nearest water was . three days' travel from that spot. The whites would have to. he on the move from 8unri?c. to anneet. Gindah means the sun j' when gindah tumbles down it is sundown ; white fellow sit down means camp for night. The witnesses did not believe that tale, and gave the darkie to understand unmistakably that they doubted his veracity, bu,t he refused to budge an inch, and they soon saw that he had realised that they were far more in need of water than he was, and he made up his mind to Sit the Show Out, At midday they shifted him from the shade of the tree aui turned his face to wards the sun, and left bim to think things over, bound hand and foot to quicken his mental faculties. At snnrise next morning he was as obstinate as formerly, and they were half-crazy from thirst, bnt they dimly understood his little game. His gin had gone off for help to her tribe, and trouble was looming np for them. Then they opened his mouth and stuffed it half- full of salt, and propped bis teeth apart with a Btiok. He stood that for three mortal hours in the sun whilst they stood revolvers in band, waiting in the shade watching for the tribe. At last the nigger came to the conclusion that he had better give in or be pickled, and be mnrmdred huskily through his bared lips ' Me find 'm gabby.' Then they tied his hands behind his back, hobbled him with a rone so that he could walk but nqt run, covered him with their revolvers, and invited bim to proceed and be did, and at sundown they were quench ing their' thirst' s.t a good soak, ahd the black drank like, a carpel afteij 30 Jays' abstinence," 