THE SUBURBAN GHOST SCARE. WIDESPREAD TERROR-! AN ARREST AT SOUTH YARRA. Of course no one bolievon In ghosts. In Au«- lrn!mn surrounding!! tho suggestion of moh lihonomonn seoins absurd, beoaiiso without tho assistance of old graveyards, or romantlo ruin, with associations of mysterious orlme, a disomboillcd spirit find, Itsolf too muoli Ion. in tha world to impress tho nublia with a duo stnso of awe. Yet, in spilo of uncongenial airoumstnncos, thcro is no gainsaying the fact that the existence of ghoRts la nightly being asserted by phantom manifes tations suddenly rovoaicd to unsuspecting way farers in dark qunrtors of the metropolis, and an rapidly withdrawn. Tho intangibility of those apparitions alone nssints the notion tlint th,y might lis supernatural. If they loitered for a moin.nt they could bo teBtcd at tho throat, on tho nose, in the eye, at tho point of tho jaw, below tho belt or a potlcriori, and tlioir mortality instantly determined upon beyond a doubt. As they pursuo tha Fabian poiioy of judicious retreat, however, tboir vlotims "ally," and failing to find anything to investigate on rcoovery ore quit. nonpluBssd. 'i'nlk eventuates. The tale of tho tliroo black orows applies to ghost stories, and thon any Suburb without a wraitli is hold to ho behind the times. Very soon after tho South Melbourno "spook" — a commonplace ciootrio light illusion — hnil been exploded there were rumors of tho appcaranoe at South Yarra of an uncanny looking goblin man drossed in a soft blaok hat and a lingo over- aoat of th. same oolor, who hung about sombro parts of unfrequented streets, anil had Lho Ohristian like habit of following young ladies homo. One of tho victims said, after leaving some friends one ,vening, she noticed tills figuro on tho other side of tho street, but could not see its faco. It wnlkod if sho wnlkod. If sha stopped it stopped. Having occasion to uso her handkerohief, it did likewiso. Dually it run in front of her, threw open the great coat it wor,, and exhibited tho words, "Prepare to Meet Thy Doom" in lumin ous paint. Sho screamed, and it disappeared. A week or so later, about linlf-past 1, on a bleak, dark morning, Constnblo 3594, on duly near the Sarah Sands Hotel, Hrunswiok, met tho town lamplighter careering toward him in a breathless condition, paio and porspiring. This man, a tali, strung young follow, about 25 yoars of age, named Hate, explained that hu had "seen a ghost." Hate lives at Wret Brunswick, where the scttiomont is merging into the npon country. His story is that on ilia way along Flsming-streot, which praotioally runs bctwocn two fenced paddocks, pursuing his nooturnal duty of turning out tho lights, when Hearing the corner of 1'urk-stroet, " a blaok oloud suddonly presented itself in front of him, and whisked past his side witli a swish." lie turned to look behind, fooling a little Btartied, and saw it rapidly roccding In his wake. Although it loomed shapeless, lie concluded it must bo a bieycliat without a light, anil ' yelled after him, "All right, Sphlor, good night." Than he tramped on witli ids lamp stiok, thinking idly of good ness knows what — the love or the ambition of a lamplighter— and keeping oloso to a fence. Whisk I A black cloud passed like a ooid wind with ustounding celerity between him and tho post and rails forward into tho darkness, to a distance of 20 yaids ahead, turned in a semi-circlo, came towards him and passed him again on tho othor Bide. It was no hioyoiist this timo, ho thought, for Ids ear had boon strained to oatoh tho rattle of a machine, and he had not heard it. Moreovar, the manifestation had olearad a gutter whioh would almost smash any hioyolc, and certainly set its hell going. Bate shouldered his lampslick and ran for tho nearest iiousos at top speed. He says few men can give him 10 yards' start in 100, but although fright impellod him to Tam o' Shunter alert- ness, the blaok oloud ngain overtook him, making him trip with fright and sunding his heart into his hoots. When it had ngain got well ahead it sesmod to open out into a blaze of phosphorescent light. Again it passed him, and finnity disappeared. A newsboy the other night, trying almost hopelessly to sell papers nmongst tho half deaarted land boom settlements of Bast Bruns wick, saw a tall, dark figure of a man standing erect near an empty house. Approaching him tho lad bawled, "Taper, sir?" whereupon tho cloak was thrown back, and the man's body was revealed in an appnrontly inoandescent condition. "I'll never be short in my money any more," blubbered the boy, and bolted liko tho wind. A poor old lady, about the same time, having oc casion to go into hor liaok yard saw a similar apparition thoro, and was so shooked that she bccamo nearly insensible, and lias not yot re- oovoreil. To a policeman alio said sho lmdseen ono of Shnkspeare's plays at the thoatro some time ngo, and it looked liko a horrible aharaoter called "Hamlet's Father's Ghost." It ap peared to her that tho thing vanished through her housa histoid of out by the bank gate. The Brunswick polioe state that somo ycara ago a resident thcro was guilty of playing tlio ghost. Ho went away for a timo, hut line ainee returned. Having carefully watched him, however, they do not think ho is the culprit. A son of ono of tho local coun cillors, who has a Mephistophelas fancy dress, horns, tails and bats' wings complete, is also, after surveillnnoe, pronounced to be above sus picion, but that some inconsiderate mounts- bBnk is playing upon peopio'a nerves is evident. " Sprlng-hooled Jack," as ho is oallod, after a eelebrateil English criminal, has been roported as seen ' recently on diflerout nights in Gladstono-street, South Melbourne ; in tho reserve at tho oorner of Daudonong-rond and Chnpel- stroet, Windsor ; at Elaternwick, Fitzroy, Northcoto and Colling- wood. Tho description given of him iu most cases includes the limelight cllcct under his overcoat. At Northooto a woman who saw him says he exhibited a coffin on his stomach with tho ohooring inscription around it, "This is for you," wlioreat she was much alarmed. At Elatern wick last Wednesday avoniug the supposed ghost was followed by a looal constable and somo young men through tho paddocks to Allison-road, where ho was observed to go into a house. A soarah of the premises failed to discover him, hut later in tho evening, when tho place was temporarily left in charge of tliroo children, a man in dark clothes with his face blackened appeared at the diningroom door. The youngest child screamed in fright, but the eldest, a boy 11 years of ago, although also much upset, seized a red hot pokor and " went for " the intruder, who thoroupon noiselossly got away out of the front door, and over a fence into oblivion. Marks of the skates or springs ho woro were afterwards noticed on the liuulmun iu the passage. By far tha most serious report in connection with those manifestations has been ouo which, for throe days past, has been current all over the metropolis, that n boy named Brown, living in Mater-street, Collingwood, who had been frightened by tho man ill tho overcoat lined witli brimstono, had sinco died. A representa tive cf The Ape inquiring into this matter last night was iuformcd that happily this state ment is quite incorrect, young Brown being as well as ovor nnd attending night school. As pre- vously reported, ho was returning home on Mon day night weolc, when he was confronted with the spectre, who exhibited the words on his body, "Troparo to meet thy doom." Tho poor boy shrieked with foar, and Constable Nolan, who was returning olf duty, ran to his assistance, just in timo to see the dark figuro dis appear around the corner of the street. Nolan, being too far behind to give chaso effectively, took young Brown homo in a palpitating con dition. Tho tame ghost has been "playing it rather low down," as they say in tho locality, on young couples spoouing under tile trees in the neighboring rosorvc, giving tiiem tremendous frights at oritical moments. Threo girls urossing a vacant allotment were frightened by it a night or two ago. Their sereams brought a man and his wife to tho door of a neighboring houso, and the latter, seeing the rampageous goblin, fainted iuto her husband' arms. Iu Kocle-strcet, Col lingwood! the other evening, it was aeon dis appearing into » half-built house. Several men gave ahaac, and ono fired a pistol shot after the rotreatiug figure. No harm was dono, but the roport of tho firearms aroused the wholo street, nnd n great commotion followed. Our ropre- eontntivo yesterday called on a lady living at South Melbourne, who stated that, on Satur day night last, when returning homo with her daughter, a girl nbout 16 years ef ngo, along Forrars-streot, just hs sho was about to cross Gladstono-street sho saw tho profile figure of n man in tho centra of that thnroughfaro, standing about 8 feet high ! " Ilj" lied on a soft folt iiat overits ayes, and an immense overcoat with a capo. Undor the capo was a sort of short skirt lilco appondago of white material. Being too frightened to past tho apparition, sho nnd her daughter fled iuto a neighboring hotel for aiuistanco. When tlicy came out of tho hnr imme diately afterwards tho thing was gone. This lady is a woman of good oharaoter, and botii sho anil hor daughter wero so mnoh alfootod by what they saw that they had evidently not rccovorod from tho effects of their fright yester- dny. These numorous reports aro naturally causing a widespread fooling of uneasiness amongst the femiiloand juvenilo populntiunaftsr nightfnlland during thednrk hours of tho morning. Itis simply disgraceful that misoliiovons practical jokers linve exaroissd such terrorism so long undetec ted. Last night news camo to hand from South Yarra that tho masquerading scoundrel had been captured, hut it turns out the prisoner was only n woak imitation. Sydney Errington, a lad aged 17, who rasidos with Ills parents iu Great Davios- etreet, left home shortly after 8 o'oiook, decorated with Homing red whlskors, a pair of spectuolcs and a grotesque adornment of Book ing plaster arranged upon his checks. On ills hand he had placed a red Tarn o'Sbautoroap pulled up high, and ho wan also attired in an overcoat and a colorod silk ncoktio. After frightening somo girls in a dork part of the Toorak-road, lie caused two other females to scream and run away by glaring nt them from under a lamp post near tho railway station. On ids way home by way of Powoll-streotinto Great Davis- stroet ho was arrestod. Whilst it is to bo hoped that this yoimg gentlemen will reoeivo a caution commonsurnto with tho folly of whioh ho has been guilty, it is to bo hoped tho polioe will not rest content until tlicy have seourod tho principal offender and had him treated in an exempinry fashion. If tho force takes this hint nnd bestirs itself, tho wcarors of grunt eonts on dark nights would do well to ndvhio their best girls not to keep them loitering about too long at struct corners iu oase it should lead to a misapprehension. 