THE REVOLT OF THE MALES. FROM " THE GUARDIAN" OF OCTOBER, 1995. \--- (Br Bxr.EDICT.) To the men of to-day it must seem strange that the exploded " New Woman" movement should have pro duced such beneficent results upon the physical development of the human race. In some respects it is similar to the good claimed by the Protestant historians to have been effected in the middle ages by the enforced celibacy of the tens of thousands of the opposition clergy and monks whereby their particular ideas died with themselves instead of being transmitted to their millions of offspring for all time. It will be remembered that towards the close of the 19th century what was then known as the softer sex ran an absurd tilt against nearly all the delightful sentimentality that chivalry and romance had bequeathed to the race. They wore men's pantaloons ostensibly with the object of straddling the bicycle, but really it turned out so as to upset the many little privileges and pleasures that men then enjoyed, but which they could not share on account of the accident of sex. The men who sipped their wine and relished their supper beer were from the first the subject of their special indignation and penalties, but as their voice in the legislature became more pronounced, fifty other privileges were attached. The latch key was abolished by a sweepinmg majority, and any man found carrying one in his waistcoat pocket was liable to ten years' hard labor. Then the age of consent to smoke tobacco pipes was raised to 40. Cigarette smoking remained a peculiar privilege since all fashionable women affected to indulge in this, but directly a governor's wife arrived from the old country wearing the uniform of a Salvation Army captain, the custom died an awfully sudden death. A tax of 2s Gd per cigarette was first imposed, after which it was made a capital offence to grow, sell, or smoke tobacco in any form. It being found that more men than women were applying for divorces, the operations of Mr. Shiels' new act were suspended for 25 years. Ballet girls and living pictures were upon a second conviction liable to a private birching at the hands of the common hangwoman, but as this did not prove effectual the doors of all theatres were then hermetically sealed for all time. The new woman next pre scribed by law the same penalties for swearing and strong language that the older statutes awarded to perjury. Then through the influence of the governor's wife aforesaid, no man had the ghost of a chance of State employ ment unless he was strictly moral and eminently pious. Horse racing was made a felony, and the privilege of indulging in such games as whist, euchre, or crib was reserved for the inmates of the variouslunatic asylumns exclusively. But this was not all. Women clad in Geelong tweed suits managed to jump all such billets as inspectors, overseers, and the like, where no hard work was actually requirel. Thus, she would act as a tram conductor, but not as a gripman. She disdained the drudgery of an ordinary police constable, but gladly donned asergeant's uniform andstripes. The lawyers, merchants, and architects offices swarmed with female clerks, while the various men-of-war of the colonial navy were ollicered by women and manned by men. The sum of this all was that the matrimonial marketpresented a curious anomaly. In lieu of the crowds of marriageable girls that marrying men had hitherto to chose from, the tables were turned, and for any ill-favored and sour-tempered spinster that pre sented herself for offer, hundreds of suitors presented themselves, The rest shunned matrimony upon any terms. They argued that motherhood was intolerable to women with ideas. Gradually even the few who were inclined to yield their lords the dues of the marriage rite dwindled away or else made such spiteful terms that the male population had serious thoughts of emigrating in a body to some old world country where common sense and cheerful wives still were in vogue. However, a series of secret conventions were held in spite of the law against assemblages of males after sunset (i.e., masonic lodges and card parties). These were slyly termed prayer meet ings for men only, but by their aid resolutions were carried that a supply of marriageable maidens from other climes be first sought. It so happened that Eastern Europe had just come out of a two years' war of a terribly sanguinary character. Fully 80 per cent. of men in the prime of life in Cireassi, and Georgia had lost their lives-the result being that the country swarmed with beautiful women lacking husbands. The con vention aforenamed resolved to make arrangements with the BUritish Govern: ment for the transport of these, and the sympathetic old gentlemen in charge of affairs over there at once placed the whole of their navy trans port ships at the disposal of their wiveless sons of the South. Very soon twenty gallant barques packed from stem to stern with lovely maidens were steaming away for the genial waters of Port Phillip Bay. As luck would have it, the New Women Party were so engrossed in their task of punishing and converting the unre generate males of Viltoria that they had not so far even smelt a rat, and the first intimation of the ' coup' was the appearance of a ~rixish man-of war at the Heads freiighted with "ladies" T?he female Minister of Defence hastily consultel with? the president of the Social P?irity Society, and then gave orders to the Com mander of the Navy to resist the invaders.u~til the last drop of the crews blood was spilled, This, how ever, proved a fizzle, for with the first dischirg~e of the enemy's guus through the rigging the female officers scuttled down to the coal bunkers and com menced saying their prayers. The men left on deck were far too gallant to turn their guns against the shipload of charming girls discernable through their qpera glasses, so'in due time this and all'the other cargoes were lagded at Port Melbourne, and loving hus bands soon appeared to claim their blooming Eastern brides. A wfild scene naturally took place in Parliament that night. Onetrousered woman declared that the Rape of the Sabine Virgins by the Roman Bar bariaps was a sghoolboy's freak in comparison with this monstrous insult to the womanly modesty and virtue of Australia. However, the irrate creatures were all a day behind the fair for married and settled their rivals were in the twinkling of an eye. The suspension of the divorce laws before alluded to, effectually pre cluded any attempt to break up the matches on the various subtle legal technicalities that the female lawyers had spun out of the precedents handed down by male jurists. The final result, as already indi cated, was that a new and improved race of men and women appeared on the scene. The happy union of the two races (just as our forefathers acquired their vigor by the fusion of the Normans, Saxons, and Danes) brought into being sons of splendid physique and girls of divine form, and figure, and beauty, while their grizzling rivals gradually died out and left no sexless beings to take their places and spoil the lives of their male friends for no other reason than that they were born men. 