Spot Strokes. By Q. It has just struck me with the full force of an adult hen cockchafer on her way to record her rote against the pro- pagation of magpies that somethings are conducted in a very rum way in South Australia, Of course everyone has heard about the rumpus created by a nurse at the hospital, because she couldn't get a billet she thought she was the only party fitted to fill. Now the Board of Management want to sack her, but they can't do it without the sanction of the Premier. This seems to me to be scarcely within the province of the Attorney-General. Anyhow, does it not appear absurd that the Superintendent of an hospital has not the power to discharge a nurse? What sort of authority can be exercised, or what kind of discipline can be enforced if every nurse has the power to kick up a corroboree, call names, and ask for an independent enquiry, because she put a mustard plaster on a corpse instead of administering a podophyllum pill to a wooden-legged man with acute orna- therynchus cuticuribum. The so-called cycling sports were held on Saturday, February 16, on the Adelaide Oval, and apparently resolved themselves into a series of out- for-an-airing display of bike-riding. If the promoters of this kind of amusement expect to retain the patronage of the public they must bring men to book who are non-triers. People who want to see farcical comedy can get a far better sample at the Bijou than that provided by even last Saturday's bicycle mountebanks. There were a few exceptions certainly, but I do hope the committee will be more strict to-day, otherwise abolish the sports altogether. The hare and tortoise fable doesn't look well out of a book. When its trying for the ladies, Who are sighing for a breeze, When the weather's hot as Hades, And the birds fail off the trees. When of Toddlekins a pun joke, Might cause e'en a heart disease, When the horses die of sunstroke, And the birds fall of the trees. When the mercury is bubbling, And parboiled are listless fleas, When mosquitoes cease from troubling, And the birds fall off the trees. When your ice returns to water, When Welsh rarebit is your cheese, When your bart's too warm for courting, And the birds fall off the trees. When your liquor's hot as blazes, And you like a lemon squeeze, When closed are eyes of daisies, And the birds fall off the trees. Then you wish you were a merman, Or a mermaid of the seas, Or at least their cousin german, When the birds fall off the trees. Headers will please to note that Q wrote this in the old woman's washtub under the tap, with the barometer at 1950° in the shade. Sir Boyle Roche, the renowned Irish bull-making M.P. once said he was not like a bird, able to be in two places at once. The Express says a gold watch and chain to be presented to Mr. Snell, the cyclist, which can be seen in an empty shop in Rundle-street. All I can say is I never saw a pint of sheaoak in an empty pot. His Deputy Excellency the Lieutenant Gov. observed at the unveiling of Sir Samuel Davenport's portrait the other day that American ladies nick- named Sir Samivell, Colonel Newcome which he said was "Thackeray's greatest creation." Now I should have thought Jeames Plush, the flunkey, might come up to that exalted position, or Becky Sharpe for instance, but one never can tell; they run in all shapes. A cablegram informs us that super- Bradford tops are 17½d. Is there any sufficient reason why Bradford bottoms shouldn't have a show? Last Christmas Day the Church of England parson at Temora, N.S.W., had not a feed in his house. And this is a Krischun country. The question naturally arises why didn't he go to his church and crib the bread and wine provided for communicants; but perhaps there was none there. Well I pity the parson and recommend him to give up the church and try something else. This is encouraging for under- grads, and clearly forehadows the end of religion in Australia. When treble eggs and ten foot snakes Are scarce as five-legg'd chicken, Or twelve-pound spuds and singing drakes, We hear alive and kickin' Is the Tantanoola tiger. When serpents of the sea don't show, Nor yet two- headed babbies, The 'Tiser's always in the know, About that prince of tabbies, Its pet Tantanoola tiger. When ghosts of jokes, no longer young, Don't haunt its funny column, Reports of risky suits go bung, There'l be a notice solemn, Of the Tantanoola tiger. When Parliament no longer sits, No squatter's ate by rabbits, The 'Tiser says around he flits, The country he inhabits, Does the Tantanoola Tiger. We are informed in the daily press that "a considerable disturbance took place at one of the black's camps" at Murray Bridge. Let me quote from the high-toned rag—"Constable Birt immediately proceeded to the scene and found William Scrubber, a gentleman of colour, soundly belabouring his lubra for an infraction of conjugal rights Both were stark naked. Then—"After considerable trouble Birt managed to throw blankets round them (oh, shy and modest Birt), and marched them off to gaol, where on the following day they paid dearly for their amusement. A small party of boaters were eager spectators. "I quite believe that, until the virtuous Birt shrouded the unadorned beauty with blankets. Now, in the first-place how did the correspondent know that Mr. and Mrs. Scrubber were settling a matrimonial cause, and if he is correct what right had the delicate Birt to interfere? He isn't a Supreme Court Judge, and besides I fancy Mr. Scrubber would have some difficulty in procuring a decree nisi, and its pretty rough a poor nigger can't settle a little crim. con. business in the usual aboriginal fashion without the interference of a social purity police- man. It's my opinion that if white men and women were allowed a little waddy privilege we shouldn't read quite so many revolting Divorce Court evi- dence in the dailies. Not that we do read it, of course, that is out loud. Here is another result of female suffrage, in an advertisement this time: —"Chinamen for laundry work; ladies' underclothing speciality." Will Mrs. Mary Lee inform us why Lee Wei Hung should know more about chemises and combinations than the dear old washerwoman of our heart? It has been stated by the Directors of the P. & O. & B. I. Steamship Com- panies that Lascars are better than white seamen, because they are more sober and reliable. Directors say for work they deem, The Lascars are far better, Than whites for either sail or steam, But is this to the letter True, or may it not be supposed, That they prefer the nigger, Because his price when diagnosed, Is much the smaller figure. 