TALKS BY THE WAY. Jones and Smith had a third friend with them the other day. His name was Jaggers, and I think he comes from the pnited States ; but he has travelled a good bit about New South Wales. He seemed rather amused at the talk of Jones and Smith, and only put in a word here and there, which I scarcely heard. He gave another proof of how mistaken is the common idea about the American. The general idea is that he tells you all about himself. The fact is he is trying to find out all about you. v Smith : Is it not a funny thing that the lad saved the other day in the boating accident was one who could not swim ? , Jones: No ; I have more than once heard of such cases. The man who can swim rushes off at once and soon exhausts himself, like that poor fellow who first made for the shore and . then tried to get back to the boat. The man who cannot swim can only keep himself afloat, and doos not so quickly use up! his strength. Smith : In that case, then, the man who can't swim is best off in case of. an accident at sea. ? Jones : Oh dear, no. He may be best off in the bay where help is not' far off, but. he would not be so far away from land arid from all passible relief. The only moral seems to bo the very obvious one that the less flurried a man is in case of an accident the greater are his chances of escape. Smith : What about the two great evorits — the Dean case and the political situation ? Jones: Everybody is fired of the Dean case, and they are about tired of the political situation also. Smith : Do you think the Upper Houso will give way on the Taxation Bill P Jones : Yes, partly, and so will the Govern ment. All this sparring means nothing except that both sides are trying to save their dignity, and they need not be so anxious about that, for thoy have 'not much to lose. Smith : But won't Reid have to back down ? Jones : Of course he will, and so will the Legislative Council. But thoy are both used to it, so it won't do them any barm. Smith : What will the'public say? Jones: The public for tho most part don't care anything about the matter. They know that the uncertainty is /-doing a great deal . of harm and stopping all busine.fi^'' and tliat's ' the only thing that troubles th&n;;^ ' Any settlement that puts an end to the -' uncertainty will be satisfactory to most people. Smith : By Jove, Reid'^as had a good innings. Jones : He has ; much longer than most per sons expected. ; - Smith : He has so. But people won't bo satisfied with promises much, longer. . Jones: No, they won't. They want to see something done, and Reid knows this. A row with the Upper House may be all very well at election times, but the people want something more substantial now. Smith : What do you think of this- war scare? Jones i l'make the same reply as Coleridge did when ho was'asked if he believed in ghosts. ' No,' he said, ' I have seen too many of them.' I -have heard too many of these scares to be frightened by them. Smith : But don't you believe war is possible ? Jones : Oh, yes, T believe it will come, and Sydney may be in danger. Smith: Did you read O 'Sullivan's article about the taking of Sydney in th q Sunday Times ? Jouob : Yes, and very poor stuff it is. A feeble imitation of 'The Battle of Dorking,' published twenty- five years ago. Suppose an enemy did come and demand so many niillions of gold, what then? Suppose. wo paid it. The gold would be doing as much good as it is now lying in the cellars of the banks. . The workers pay a bigger indemnity eyery year to the land owner for the right to live than a foreign foe would ask us an indemnity. Besides, as was shown after the Franco -Prucsian war, the country that receives the indemnity is worse off than the country which pays it. Smith: Then you would mako no preparation to resist an invasion ? Jones: Yes, I wo, aid, by making the country one to which the people shall be really attached. How many are they who really look upon New South Wales as their home ? The rich people don't. They take hold of any excuse to get away from it. Tho poor people have no reason to look upon it as a home, for, like little Joe, they have constantly to 'move on ' in search of employment. Let the people have a chance to make a home here to which they will ! be passionately attached, and with, very little drUUng ' they would soon give a good account of themselves if danger threatened. Patriotism indeed ! Where is the patriotism of the pluto crat who is always threatening that if he is not treated better he will leave the country,1 so he will, and take his capital with him? No such lqck. Smith : Jones on the high horse again ! Jones: No, but I am sick of the pretended patriotism of these purse-proud beggars, who think that they ought always to fall upon their feet whatever happens to others. I am afraid the last part of this sentiment was lost upon Smith, who had looked at his watch and rushed off while Jones was speaking. 