[?] MAN IN THE MASK. , (By an Ex Detective.) During four months ♦ The Man in the Mask* Was a celebrity in Wincliff and around the place for several miles. He was also a mystery. B is existence could not be doubted even by those who had not seen him, bacause the stories: told -of bjs. occasional appear : ances were so clear and circumstantial : ps to be absolutely convincing. Those whp- had seen him remembered the meeting with pain. : ; His interviews with the few persons he had chosen to favour wit b his atten . tion were usually short, sharp, and alarmingly earnest. He demanded all the money, the watch, and any other articles of value which the person whom he confronted chanced to have in his posession, and the' demand, was followed by surrender. The terrible alternative was intimated , by the barrel of a revolver firmly held, and presented full in the face of the person whose goods where required. The men who had met ' The Man in the Mask,' and continued their' way much poorer in consequence, cbuld not describe him. His face was coin-; pletely covered by a dark grey mask. They could only see he was a big fellow, with a hunch on his back, . ? ;? ? mounted on a powerful horse, and that *?- his voice was deep and gruff, The people 4n 'Winclii? .did.not know any jnan who answered to that imperfect description. His appearance had not been made at any place more than five miles distant from Win cliff; yet to everybody in and around1 the place ? !? ' the daring robber was a mystery. In no distance had the,- mysterious Man in the Mask found ifc necessary to inflict bodily injury in order to secure the booty, he sought. But the fact that he was a robber who revived the practices of the highwayman of 'old was sufficiently disquieting. It might be some- chivalrous sentiment that led him to spare the persons and the pockets of men whose all was but a little. He appeared only to those who were reputed rich, and extorted from fear the gold he could not gain by more lawful and honest ? means. He was, therefore, very naturally set down in the minds of all lawrespect ing persons as a miscreant whose sup pression became an imperative duty. The performance of the duty devolved on me, and I set myself resolutely to the task of penetrating the mystery that shrouded the Man in the Mask' One evening in February a gentler man named Welham was driving towards Wincliff. His vehicle was a light gig, in which he frequently travelled long' distances and displayed all the good points of the horse that happened to be under his control. A hobby of. hiB youth, . which did not appear to lose any of its strength though his age was in the fifties, was to drive a good horse, and his ample means enabled him to indulge that expensive taste in all seasons. Mr Welham was driving toward Wincliff, intending to patronise its ?well-known hostelry, the Roebuck Inn for the night, and to drive over the twenty-two miles of road that lay between Wincliff and London on the following morning. The night had fallen suddenly. The sky was clouded, and the horse was pursuing his way at a moderate pace when less than Jfive miles -from his intended halting-place. The traveller was anticipating the light, warmth, and animal comfort for man and beast that were to be found at the inn wheu an event occurred that gave a very different tone and character to his thoughts. ?' : '. Mr Welham was approaching a point where a wide, grassy lane opened on the high road. When near that point a mounted man suddenly emerged.from the lane and reined up his horse in the centre of the road as if to bar his progress. Mr Welham peered into the rider's face as he ap proached him. It 'would be more exact to say he looked inquiringly at that portion of the man between breast and hat, but failed to. discover a face. 'Stop!' was shouted in a mufjled voice The stranger's arm was extended, and a shining revolver was plainly seen firmly grasped in his hand, the muzzle of which looked like a round, dull, black eye, staving1 menacingly into Mr Welbam's face. In an in stant the gentleman realised that be was in the presence of the redoubtable Man in the Mask. 'Why :; should- I stop?.. Who are you to give such an order ??' exclaimed, Mr Welham, at the same time, how ever, pulling up his horse as its head nearly touched that of the animal on which the masked man was mounted. 1 Stop to save your life, if you think it worth saving. If your horse moves a yard I'll stop him with a, bullet, and .theft haye more re^dy for you, Try me if you. like.1 You see I hold your life ?in my hands $ but I don't want your life if I can get your- money without it. I am desperate, and I can't waste time. Do what I ask, and you may go. on without any hurt y refuse,; and the next instant you will be a dead man, and I will take what I want. . It was a deep, hoarse, but terribly earnest voice that came from behind the mask. The words were not spoken in a way that gave any hint of agita tion or passion. The voice was pro bably disguised, but it was so evenly emitted that the hearer could not doubt the speaker meant to do all he said — even to murder— rather than permit his victim to evade or frustrate him. 'What do you want?' Mr Welham said, recognising the necessity for coming to terms with his assailant. * Money, and everything I may turn into money, Quick! Tour purse, your watch, your jewels. ? Lay them in my hand — all. ' Drop the reins. If you attempt to escape or to resist you will force me to murder. Quick !— and beware !' The man in the mask walked his horse to the side of the gig, keeping Mr Welham covered with the revolver until the muzzle of the weapon nearly touched his ear. The gentleman instantly decided that he must submit to the robbery as the least of two evils between which, he was compelled to choose. The property demanded was placed in the. robber's left hand. He transferred it to a pocket in the side of a long dark cloak he wore, which com pletely covered him from his ears to the knee. ' . ' You have robbed me of every thing,' Mr Welham said, hoping the man in the mask would accept that intimation that his business was com pleted and permit the victim to pursue his way. ' Not yet You have a book, or case that may be filled with valuable papers.' 4 Only a few letters and papers relating to business.' ' I want none of them. But bring out your book and open every scrap of the paper before me. Do not try to cheat me, mind.' 'Cheat!' repeated Mr Welhamj particularly emphasising the word. He produced his poeket-boofr, how ever, and proceeded to open each paper^it contained, so that the robber in the light afforded by the git; -lamp, could discover its character. From an inner pocket of the book the masked man directed him to . draw folded papers- which proved to be three ten pound notes. It is hardly necessary to add that the robber immediately caused them to be placed in his hand. He directed Mr Welham to secure his other . papers. When that was done he forced him to turn his horse and drive back along the road he had traversed. When he had driven about a mile, he might return ; but if he attempted to follow tlie Mask, the consequences would be fatal. Half an hour after hia unpleasant adventure on the road, Mr Welham arrived at the Roebuck, in Wincliff. His first care was for his horse, which was decidedly weary after an unusually long day's journey. When he had seen the animal conveyed to the stable, he entered the iunt was supplied with a. draught of brandy and water, and asked the nearest- way to the police station. . 'The police, station, sir! I hope none of the' men about our place have been uncivil ? Mr Hilyard would deal witbg any incivility pretty sharply, if there's a complaint to be made about any one in the Roebuck,' said a man^ who appeared to be the actual manager of the establishment, and second in authority to Mr Hilyard only, who was the landlord, on the inn. * No. no ; I've nothing' to say against anyone at the inn ; but I have business at the station. Is Mr Hil yard at home ?' ! 'Yes, sir.. He was here & ijbw minutes ago. Shall I ring fpr, him %' ' Do, please/' ..,'.'? The manager summoned Mr Hil yard, who made his appearance . after a few seconds. His crisp, fair hair, open countenance, and generally, wol fed appearance, told -of good ;healfch, good living, and good spirits, and con veyed a decidedly pleasing impres sion. ' I want a word with you, landlord,' said Mr Welham. ' . . * . ? i-'i ... ? 'At your service, sir. Will1 you stepm here?1 said the obliging boni face, opening a door of stained glass,, which admitted to a. little room that was used as an office, 'and was also the ' governor's ' private room downstairs. Mr Welham stepped in, and linme. dyitely told . Mr Hilyard of ': his encounter with the Man in the Mask. The landlord was sorry and indignant at the same time. ' - ' I've tried all I can to find out fhe fellow, and I believe the detective offieu in London is looking after him, but it doesn't seem to be a bit ' of use. He comes and he goes like a ghost. ' He's robbed six or seven gentlemen in a few months, but' nobody' seems able to guess where he comes from nor Vfhere he goes to. He's a real puzzle, sir.1 ; 'Well, he has a hundred pounds of; mine in money and goods just now. 1 thought it best to tell you, because you may put other geetlemen on their guard. I must- give information at the police office. Where is it?' ' Only a few minutes' walk. ? I'll send a man to show you.' 'Yes; I've lost too much tiind already.' v The landlord opened his door and spoke to his manager. . * Call Brown at once. The Mask is out to-night, it seems. This gentle man was robbed, a few -miles from here, and wants to lodge information. Brown must go with him to the sta tion.' . ? . . ? . Brown was soon in attendance. The robbery was reported in . the station, the stolen property described, and once more the local authorities were roused to exert their powers for the capture of the Man in the Mask. It happened that the discovery Aof the^ robber, wbo committed his depre dations in a style so much like that of old highwaymen of the Dick Turpin era, was nearer than even the gentleman who had suffered could have hoped. A couple of hours after Mr WeJU ham'a return from the police Btatip*a ho was in the smoke-room of the-'' nri when the manager approached b''^1 ' \- Mr Hilyard wishes to. ' ^k'- to you, it you can spare * .-^inut^' he said. . ?.-? _;I can P.pare teu, ^minute8 if i\lr H.lyard has anytW g .p(irticu]ar to ?He^wiU -eyr- u in his privaho room if you, j)]ease. He say8 the matter is imp'jrtant,' / J Mr 'WeVaam- went *t0 the nttieroom fceiore O'eacribed, aud was much struck; by the senous expression of the land lord s face. -????? 'You will forgive me, I'm Tsure^ when you know why I disturbed, you A mas. from the station, has been here. He tells uie that some money has beem stolen,, and that the sovereigns have a peculiar mark, if any sovereigns , with that mark come into my hands I am to ask the person who offers it where no got it* so, that it may be traced back to the thief. Was there a mark of any kind oa the gold you lost ?'. . ? ' 'Yes j therejwere six sovereigns in my pursey and a sinall w, with av-fiue *me before and di'ter it, were scratched ' under the head of each,'. Mr Welham replied. . 'That is the mark the policeman de ? scribed. I see now it was your money lie' meaftt?1' But- 'thMg!sfcbat'-'itoubleS|: me more than I can tell is 'that I gave', a sovereign in change, with just such a mark, net more than a quarter of: ? an hour before I heard of it.' ' That is astonishing ! Are you sure the mark was exactly like mine ?' .''Yes. I cannot be quite positive about the lineB, but I remember the w\ distinctly, and T believe there wajs a little' scratch before 'and 'after the letter, just as if it were; intended to ??shut it in, like.' ' ; '' :: « /? ;' Precisely.' , .'?' '?'?' .;'.'iV.;.i';/i....;r;'\ :.;},.^i noticed it when my man , gave if tome. I had sent him out: dii the . afternoon, to collect a few small 'ac counts, arid he didn't come back until i^fter you arrived . -Then he was dru jik;- \- 'He had got only .one pound seven; from one of my customers, and when (, he .paid* it in I sent him .off to bed; '_, 'iTJbat marked sovereign was th'eVone-he \y ]paid|me, and I looked at it closely; at 'iH the'time'. I must get rid of him. ? ' p 4' I must see 'him at once, sir. As, '.'}* %fiW-; m^n §av9 Von one sovereign' ?, Rearing my mark he may have more. ' ' '- ^e'^y. be ;the masked robber himself, pt h^ mus| know ^ here he can be 1 fbund; iTl^m'sist'' o'nV the ' man's being ?'? q|festione:4 land Searched!' Mr Wel . ^fasth ^xclaiipaed,' excitedly. f 'It is only: ^atural that you should, sir, and . I- am willing ,tpi.aid\ypuj in .. every way. But, you see, it would be 1 little less than ruin tp ;'me if a ;;?? suspicion got bufi that a' .highway i Plf! robber was one of my servants, and1 alept in this house. We must be able . i- ? to pro ve at. Then I shall help you to punish him, and that will remove ; all ,. v«uspicion from the house:' ; v ; \ ~ Hv;^ But while we are talking here the , \- man imay escape. ^Fov. Heaven's sake ;? drop words and come to action ?'w Mr \- ?! . Welhanv exclaimed. ??.;???? ; : ? : ???' * He was too far gone in liquor to ? make -any; attempts to escape^ before *' some 'time in the morning; I will send; al line^tp^the 'station asking for two 'iQh men^to be.ifieut;here 'directly ? or you ? V may- send : the 'note. When the; men ?? are here we will go to hisroom1 and i waken; him. Perhaps the sight \ of \- ? policemen; will help us to get the truth 1 put of him,', said the, landlord; ? v \ .''- « Yetf likely; :! But there is no time ? i1 ' ib 'belost. lQ-ive me the paper arid I; ;. -frill write.' . v : ? ; :i-;.' ;- ???'???' !. ..-.?,?. \- ^ The paper was laid on the table, and: \ ;;$£r. ? Welham wrote a :few words Uv^-eq^ting the presence of responsible .officers at the -Roebuck Inn. Another : ii&e; iwtioaaled that a clue to the 'ideri- ?fiiity ,o,f the masked robber had been ifoiuad. ; ^. few minutes 5aier .a sergeant in ? plain* .clothes and a constable in uniform were in .the Koebucky Mr ]?? Hilyard told the sergeant about the; -.'.? marked sovereign he had received, and gave the name of the man to whom he ' tad given it. The latter lived about :?'? three miles away. Then the four went !;' : to : the little back roowi over an ' ^outhouse where the suspected man-of* jail-work slept. ?i-d The entry of the whole party did ii ??'?' not awake the sleeper. r : v -i ,???« Search first,' suggested Mr 'W^l- ?p v ham, at the same time seizing a short ? -..???'? coat of thick dark serge that had been !it carelessly thrown on a chair. r -; /-Phe landlord seized a vest that lay 4 ^oiAfe^ floor and thrust his fingers in ; ' Irthe 'poeb:etS, finding only a ? sixpence '?'i: -.andrtbiee pennies, which he at once returned. . , '' / .. ' ;. : '.There as' Atftttun'g here. but. a pipe, ?r tobacco, and AW whispered Mr1 : ^;.Welham, after.e^-miaing every.pocket \- iihe/could find in the -;oat. ;t ?.;;.. ; 'There's money here, I thixik/ -#? . ,v- the sergeant iHipkin-cjiotheSy ^peaking -' i«4n ftuppresaed tonefli - /».»/: ¥'He KiM carefully lifted ? a pair fbt? trousers : that lay upon the bed, and had drawnfrom one of the pockets a little1 rpacket wrapped in a piece of newspaper. ? ?' , ' ' ' , On opening this packet it was found tp contain five soyereignp. Mr /Wel- ham arid the plain-clothes man looked at' them-clpsely, and ' the marks '???wore' plainly discernible under' the head, of ?each.- ;??.'.' . ??. ;, ,_ ? -?..-..???:;;...??:'; ? ; '?',' 1 The coins were refolded in the paper land1 returned to- the ? i trousers pocket Then the sergeant ? seized ? ,tbe . sleeper by the shoulder and shook him roughly. He awoke and sprang upv to a sitting posture in: the1 bed, when theiconstabie. in uniform stepped forward ready! to grapple with the man should he resort to violence. . ' ' , ; ; ?:;??': f Why— I say-r- what's, the matter?. What, dp -you ,all_want ?! ;, the, man ;ejaculated,, as he became thproughiy,, awvake, and looked from one to another jn. confusion., , - -;??.:;? ?'Tour master wants to ask you a question: But be careful : what you isay; ; 1 must (take notice i of every word,' said the sergeant* ! ? 'y' But WhaVs ;it all about?: ; I'll answer any question Mr Hilyard wants. , to ask me. ;What is it? ' i '.-'. ' ; : -?'I want to know what kind o£ money' Mr' Benson' gave 'you this afternocin when, he paid his account ? ' V ' Ton' want to know that ? I think you ought to know when I gave it' to youv 'It was a sovereign, two two shillin' 'pieces^ half, a crown, an' a shillin'. He said I might keep the six pence over f or !a glass, an' I did.' : ' Did you give the sovereign you got i from' f Mr Benson 1 You were out all the 'afternoon , you know, and you, ; came here drunk/ : ' No,', sir — not drunk. It takes a lPtVfcb make me what I call drunk, I'd had a few drinks, I know; 'cause I'd been about a bit; but I knew :' what I was ,doin'.' .??,'?' ; -3 ' I ask— did you give me the sove reign you got from Mr Benson ??%*-? \ \ ?r; ''' po you mean tb say I didn't ? I'll swear I did.' * ?''; .. ;:--'';-:; ; '-' ? .?-.?' ? .'..;?/ 'Had you a,ny; other sovereigns ?' '. '.JSTo jl don't have many, sovereigns 'i about me,,. except wjtien,t?m paid a few - fbrTybu.'::;','; v-'. .' .; ? '???'?,'??'?;' .??. ';.- ; '.,''' l^;V ; ' The sovereign you gave me was \ marked.' . ' . -??;---i--^j ?-- .,.:;-.' s ???i-i ;; ; :j .'I didn't mark it.' ' J ..;1'Biit' you have other sovereigns, in, ' your pocket with the same mark on. ] How or where did you get them ?' ; I 'Sovereigns in my pocket? How ^ do' you know what's in my pocket ? f You needn't trouble about my pockets, Mr Hilyard . If there was twenty sovereigns in my pockets none of 'em } ;ud be yours.' - ;'I'm sure they're not mine; and J tjbere'sreflson. to think they should not be yoprs. Sergeant Lynes searched ^ and'fbund them there.' ; , 'Searched 1 Found them J' he ex '* craimed, his effrontery giviug place to fl alarm. , t ;' Yes ; I must take, you into custody on), suspicion; ; of having .''stolen,' the / money. r;;Thia;; -gentleman has bben: ,y robbed, .ana! I haye. found part of the * Btblen. property in ^your pocket;. You P most cpme with ^ me.' .''... ..',''! [? /.'.,[ j / » ..Protestations of innocence were ^ lpud,;yehemerit, and ; frenzied, jaut they 8 could not alter facts,: arid they were un availing. Jake Hiscpugh was con- \ veyed to the police station. 'The mem- i bersv of ,the local force were' jubilant at the thought that ^be long- dreaded man ] in the mask had been captured and in- - carcerated in Wincliffj the central j pbjnf; around .which Jhehad; moved and 1 pomowt^.ed his yariousforimes; ? ,- :r ; ^A^few : minutes after' Mr Welham had reported his loss to the police authorities' in Wincliff, news of the robbery was wired to the headquarters of the detective department in'London As soon 'as I : appeared in the office nest morning the: case was given into ?my hands; I was invested with power to do all I might think necessary to bring the offender ? to justice, and I started at once to commence my in vestigation of a case in which I felt more than ordinary professional; in- tereBt. '?:'*: A'- ' ' ???-^?{ -?.;?' .- I- arrived in Wyncliff ' before, : [the prisoner, had been taken before' the magistrate, arid it was1 there I learned nearly all the particulars I Lave , men - , ibned,' ? ,..'..'.. '.. ? ? ' , ''.' '-'V.--; ':' ; ? ? In the first place I was curious to see the, man- who had become a criminal, .celebrity. My first view of him was obtairied' thrpugh the grating in the door of the celliri, which he; was. confined. There was nothing ' in i his appearance to correspond 'with :my preconceived notion of ? ' a (d esperate highwayman. But ,we know how deceptivelahd misleading appearances frequently, are.p The spirit b;f a devil may be sometimes masked under jthe outward 'seeming of a person 'of more bhanprclinary virtue. I spoke to Jake Hi'scbugb. and he replied to [ 'me with the. air of a man whom the discovery of his crime had utterly ?eorifoun4ed. I .could not gain' from him' anything more than1 repeated assurance of J his innocence. When I said the sove reigns in his ppeket told a 'different tale1 he merely said : ; ; ; :: ;i ? ?; 'I know nothing about them sove reigns. The devil must have put them there. I nevefdid. ; I\;;hadri't Byen a shilling the last time I i re member feelin' for money, an' how Bve pound came to be in my pbckiBt I ipri'f.' know. J. believe there's some - dodge in the whole affair that; 1 1 can't understand:' v Thei .^entlemari that was robbed **pr Sergeant Lynes knows more abbut it than I 'do.: 'T .never robbed anybody in a mask or out , of a inaskj:'an7 r;wasn'tiridin' about Lthe road after dark neither.; - I 'can. tell svery place I was in; an' I swear I aever saw this money before1 I- saw it in the sergeant's hand, if swearin? will io me any' good. - ?? ? ' ? l:r; ? 'Swearing will not save you from aeing committed for trial, or, ; at lea'st,' remanded, I'd help you if I' could, [f you eam tell me where you were, irid irothers can; ptove you were -rxoi aear the place when the gpntleman ;was 'obbed, that' will show that ypu can't' lave robbed him. A man can't be; in1 ;o,o places .at pne time, even if he has a asthoraeto' ride.'- - . ; 'I wasu'fc on tbe back of a horse all yesterday.'. ; ' .-;;;:;' ?;? 'Assertions without prooT are rib leferice against strong evidence. ' The inding of the money in your pOeket vill require a lot of explaining.' J ; 'An' I can't ;ex plain nothing about ihat. I dpn'tfciiow how it came there in' I don't know how Jong j.t was here - in iact, as J said befpre, I don't :ribw anything about it,' ; , V ?The prisoner natned a few -persons pith; whom he said he . iad( been about he time at which the robbery, was btamitted. : I made t notes of the; lames , and . places he . ... meritipned/ ntending tb.test-ythe accuracy of bis tatetrients by. personal enquiry. ; ? ; Mr Welham , could , not set off on lis drive vto Loridon so early as he had ntended that morning. ; . ;; r- ; He appeared in the court whom the; irisoner was brought up on the charge -f having committed, robbery, from; the person on the Queen's highway. ; He isserted that, the. five. sovereigns found in the prippner's, pocket , wer^i part o^ the money of which he had been de prived under threat of death ; but, ;as the robber was masked^ and he ap peared to be humpbacked, he could not say whether the prisoner was the man.:. .??'.?: M ? -; ?';'._ '_ : - '? .?? Mr Hilyard told his stbiy which was clear and circumstantial. He had sent. to the gentleman tp whom he gave the sovereign -in change^ but, had not yet heard from him. ;, The land lord's statement left little doubt as to the' prisoner's guilt. 'Sergeant, Lynes deposed to finding the money. A The prisoner wheu. questioned, /said he was not near the scene of the erime when the robbery was committed.; He could prove ihat by calling witnesses, and he would swear he did not kripAtf anything about the money found in liis pocket. After hearing ' ail,' the 'magistrate agreed to remand the prisoner for th ree days, during which the most .-searching enquiry should be made. Soon as! the prisoner was removed from ,the; dock, I arranged, with the police authoritties lor an immediate' arid rigorous search) of ''the1 room ' he had slept in at the Ro.ebuck , Inn. Without appearing to. take a {promi nent part iri the business I accom panied the searchers :and; superintended their proceedings. Mr Hilyard afforded us facility to visit the' places in which the prisoner was principally employed; but a thorough search' failed' to ; discover ; any, other . particle of the Btpleri property or any article of attire corresponding to the description Mr vFelham bad given, . v , . While in the yard of the inn I asked the ostler whether Jake Hiscough bad taken: but a horse the preceding evening, and learned that he had not;. Mr Hilyard had ridden out. for about an hour in the evening, to call on a gentleman who lived a few miles away but he handed the hprse...to.lthe, ostler again about half an hour after dark, ; : j then went in search of the persons whose names I had jotted down. I spoke abo ut the trial ' , and the charge, arid what I learned fromjJake's friends cbrrbborktedwhat^he hadtbld me. 'I can swear an' so can. others, Jake never left the Grey Gf-oose frqm about half past three-till six o'clock, We were playin? quoits till.at'gb't dark, an' then we turned into -- the ^parlour an' played dominoes tiil: Jake went' hpme, ! B-e was a bit fresh, ibu-i; -not ? more so : than J was. i He ' might 'ave called somewhere else on the way~I dar'say he wouldn't pass the Nelson without callin' in for a '??'? glasfc— but ''dt - was a long time ? after dark whep he left me. He's n ot -a lively ; sort to ; be taken for the Man i' the Mask.' - Before night I had learned 'enpugh to satisfy me that ,Jake cpuld riptlhaye committed the robbery. But how was the presence of the' poinsnto' be ap pounted For ? : And- how did did it happen that only marked money should be found ; in his' possession,- w^ilp thirty yourids in notes, a gold watph and chain, and two diamond rings Jjad utterly. disappeared; ?v ';'?/'? ???? J' thought over all J had leapnpd lfing and ?earnestly. I put^ the different little items of knowledge to= gether, as.it . ig my, habit to do, and tried to get: acertainr.clear idea, put of alL.^.''..Betpre.;;i[:slept^that.:night,,.I was fully certain ; of two, tbingSij, One was that - Jake; ??= Hiscough-vwas' .-.-.not the robber, though some of. jthe, booty was found in his ^pocket ,* jthe other; was that.; Jake hady met the real Man in the. Mask, and I could find him.. . As early as possible next ; morning, I waited on a magistrate;- and sent word that. I wanted a;?few.; words on important business. Hegav.e; me an interview at'.-, once. %; J told him my business in Wincliffv andithen laid before him: the theory ;Xihad iprmed the night before. I cannot describe his astonishment as I proceeded, and I believe he thought as I did at last. I went from his house with a search warrant in my pocket. Then I went to the police office to complete arra nge ments for the step I intended to take The landlord, of 'the Roebuck Inn was partaking of his rather late, break- fast when I, two police sergeants, and four men, entered his hostelry; on serious business. His ruddy 'com- plexion ;faded to an ashy paleness, when X told Kim I held, a warrant empower-^, ing me to search his house for stolen goods. -Eecovering from the stunning effect of the intelligence, he made a step toward me asifhe would kill.me, but two of the, men, following instruc tions previously given, stepped before him. '?? . ' We;.haverto.db\our duty, Mr; Hil yard, apdlinppe:-yqu'll not; make it more unpleasant. 'W^e must .search your rooms, even' if we have to over come opposition.^ , ;.. ; ' ' Caged !— caught ! Six ??? men to one ! ' he hissed, glaring at the men he regarded as enemies with an expres sion oh face that was wholly suggestive of murder.-, ,^:-:.;-'^ ; :,..- -.:?,?????.? .V ?-???;'. ? ?.. ' i'llgo' up with you,' de addecl, sud denly, as 'if speaking on some impulse. * No, sir;;' - 'Sou would not assist us. I will leave three men here to prevent you from following us,'. , said the ser g eant-rT-affiOT which aritiouii cam'ent ;Mr Hily arid sarik, seemingly powerless^in a chahv ' '-'??'[ ' : ' 7. ., ' . . ' '.'. _ ' Our progress was no longer impeded. Wei went to Mr Hilyard s bedroom, and in a small, box on the dressing table found the gold watch, the diamond rings, and; the notes which TSlr Welham had lost., '. ; In, . anoth er box, fas.te aed . with a padlock, we ..found a tightly; folded;parcel, which- on being opened,' was found to contain some of the prp peaties-used.in the 'make up ' bf-the man iri the mask. There was the long, dark clbak,with a bundle of glasscloths sown on the inside^ between the 8houldersnto;simulate -a -hump owhen worn. ;iWifchin thatwasia dark hat, of soft felt, to the inner edge of the rim of :which-and' extending 'half around it, -was firmly tacked a piece of stiff pasteboard, with two round perfora tions about two-thirds , of its length from th^: bottom. It was ; dark drajb in colour,, and that-w^rthe mask which had so long- shielded the robber from recognition.'-;, ;? - ,/,?-;. ?'?. ....?;? ? ????'' Arre'st' of vMr Pilyard immediately; followed these, discoveries. At his subsequent trial he.^confessed that be had place(d:.thermarked^moneY in Jake Hiscough?s ?pocket:; while he slept. Soon as he returned after the robbery he ; had given one ; of the stolen sovereigns to a gentleman in change. He afterwards learned that the gold was marked, and feared ifc might be traced to him. To: turn, suspicion fro m himself he invented the scheme we have; described. But cunning and. unscrupulous wrong did not prevent the judge fromi condemning to penal servitude for ten years the once mysterious VMan i^' tHe. Mask.' ;? The late Sir Andrew Clarke frequently charged /JB25O for a visit from London t,q! Liverpool/' .Surgical operations command the largest fees known to the medical pro fession. The Na»ab o£ Rampur, India, paid .£50,000 for occasional visits of an English army' Burgeon during a period of three months. .. 