THE DEEMING MURDERS IN ENGLAND. HOW THEY WERE DISCOVERED. A TRUE DETECTIVE STORY. (FROM THE "MELBOURNE ARGUS.'.') It was bitterly cold in tho city on the 9th ol March, 1S92, and tiny stalactites of slowly-tbawlng ice hung from tho heavy moustache of a strongly- built man who had just corao in from the street outside, and was resting his oiDOws on xne manugauy writing-table of ono of tho largest dealers in dairy produce in London. Tho dealer and his visitor talked in rapid confi dential tones upon business matters, upon the prices and qualities and grades of butter, upon the state of the market, car goes and methods of packing, the present glut and the future prospects of Danish, Normandy, and Australian sorts. Cling-a-ling-a-Hng went an electric bell across the passage, and In a moment or two a well-drilled office-boy knocked at the door, and, addressing the latest comer, said, "You're wanted at the telephone, sir." Tho stoutly-built man stepped across to the telephone, and raised the receiver to his ear. "Hullo, there- Is that you, Lowe?" came a voice out of nowhere, disentangling itself with difficulty from the confused current of interwoven noises that crossed each other on the tingling wires. "Yes. Who's speaking?" "Townend, at the 'Argus' office. . Look here, I want to see you as soon a3 pos sible. There's a big murder case on in Australia, and we've just got a cable from the office in Melbourne instructing us to make inquiries at this end. Be as sharp as you can." Mr. Samuel Lowe, member of the London staff of the "Argus," dropped the instru ment, hastily apologised to the merchant, and went down the office staircase three steps at a time. Commerce absorbs a large amount of the average pressman's time and attention, but it sinks into insig nificance in the presence of — Crime. A quarter of an hour later Mr. Lowe and Mr. Townend wero staring intently at the sheet of paper lying on the table before them. The cable message from Melbourne read simply, "Inquire Scotland- yard, Wil liams murder. Send portraits. Interview mother." Mr. Townend looked at Mr. Low© inter rogatively. Mr. Lowe looked at Mr. Town- end affirmatively. "All right," he said, "I'll look after it." Tho Bow-street officials were polite hut unsatisfactory. They had never heard of a murder in Australia in which a person of the name of Williams was concerned. It was as though one had asked them for de tails about a man named Smith wanted for a forgery committed on the shores of Baffin's Bay. A close examination of newspaper files at the Central News Agency failed to disclose any accounts of the mur der mentioned in the cable message, and two hours had passed without the faintest gleam of light being shed upon the occur rence. "Scotland-yard, cabby," shouted the stoutly-built man through the aperture in tho roof of the hansom, and sait back In tho seat to think hard, as the experienced London cabhorse skated over the slippery wood-blocks of the Strand, heading for the mysterious building in which the highest detective acumen of England daily gathers up the clues of information that come rolling In from that quarter of the globe. So busy, indeed, were the autocrats of the metropolitan police and tho detective de partment that they could not even see Mr. Lowe when he sent his name in by the German man-servant. If Mr. Lowe desired any information he must be kind enough to forward his request by letter. This seemed a little discourteous on the part of Superintendent Shore and Superintendent Anderson, hut the occupant of the hansom cab had still another string to his bow, and as the cabhorse skated back into the city Mr Lowe again devoted himself to an accomplishment which is, unfortunately, growing rare — that of thinking. As a re sult of his cogitations the cabhorse was pulled on to his haunches In front of a red lamp, and Mr. Lowe lost no time In explaining the position to an old acquain tance of his — the police official in charge. "I fancy this is what you want," said the officer, with a smile, as he spread the "information sheet" for that very day on the desk before him, and pointed to entry No. 44, which contained a full description of Albert Williams, wanted for wife murder, at Melbourne, on Christmas Evo, 1891. Tho entry set forth that Williams spoke with a Lancashire accent, and stayed formerly at Rainhill. It was signed by Superintendent Shore. Mr. Lowe devoured that information sheet with the hearty appetite of one who has been subjected to semi-starvation for some time past. He committed the entry to memory verbatim by reading it over carefully two or three times, a knack which Is always useful to a journalist. M. Blow- itz, the Paris correspondent of " The Times," proved its value when he learned off the terms of peace at the close of the Franco-German war in one reading, and telegraphed them in extenso to his paper. Only M. Blowitz was dealing with murder on the grand scale — tho murder that is committed with grape and shrapnel and bayonets at the charge. When Mr. Lowe returned to Scotland- yard after a hurried visit to "The Argus" office in Fleet-street, he had a letter from Mr. Townend to Superintendent Shore re questing information in his pocket, and he had the information itself up his sleeve. "Warned by his previous experience, he omitted the formality of sending in bis card, and running up a flight of stone steps and along a passage, entered Superinten dent Shore's private room, and introduced himself in person. The superintendent eyed hira coldly, and read tho letter asking for particulars as to the murder and for the address of "Mrs. Williams" in Liver pool. "I know nothing at all about It," said the superintendent, in the measured tones of a man who has learnt by long experience to be economical In administering his stock of veracity; "and, moreover," he added with engaging frankness, "if I did know, I should not tell you." Mr. Lowo leaned across the table with a queer smile aud looked straight into tho superintendent's eyes. "As you know no thing about the matter," he said, "perhaps you will allow me to enlighten you. Albert Williams murdered his wife in Melbourne on Christmas Eve. lie formerly stayed at Rainhill. He speaks with a strong Lanca shire accent, and there is a detailed de scription of him published as tho 44th entry in to- day's information sheet. It is doubt less correct, for the memo, bears your own signature, Superintendent Shore." The superintendent sprang to his feet. "The man who told you this shall be dis missed from the force," ho hissed, with an oath. "Don't you think you had better find him first," replied the other, with just tho sus picion of a sneer, "and you may discover, when you have got him. that he Is not un der your authority. The city police and the metropolitan constabulary are very dif- feren bodies, as you know." Few men would attempt to bluff a Scotland-yard superin tendent in his own milieu, but Mr. Lowe tried it on for the sake of tbe friendly police officer who had shown him the in formation sheet. Tho bluff came off, and the king of clubs was safe, but the super intendent never knew that it was the only card in his opponent's hand. "I am going to Liverpool to-night," Mr. Lowe remarked, as he buttoned his over coat, "to follow this thing up." "We shall be delighted to hoar of your discoveries," said the superintendent, sar castically. "By the way, when you get to Liverpool you might call on Inspector Wil liams — ho is in charge there — and tell him that his brother has committed a murder In Australia. He will bo so pleased to see you." "Thanks for the hint," rejoined tho pressman. "I shall certainly call on In spector Williams. I shall tell him that I do so at your request, and that I am in structed by tbo Scotland-yard authorities to furnish them with any information that I may gather. Your recommendation will, no doubt, be of great service to me." And ho bowed himself out, leaving Superinten dent Shore fully three Inches smaller in stature than ho had been before the com mencement of the interview. "Where tho deuce is Rainhill?" asked Mr. Lowe, anxiously, in tho office after wards. "RainliUI," replied Mr. Townend oracu larly, emerging from a dusty file of tho "Liverpool Post," "appears to bo a lunatic asylum about 10 miles out of Liverpool, but you had better hurry up, or you will miss the express." "It seems to be rather a wild-goose chase, doesn't it?" said Mr. Lowe. Mr. Townend looked at him straight, j "It'3 tho biggest wild-goose chase a man | was ever sent on," ho said, "but wo have I our Instructions, and we must carry them I out." Thon he turned out his pockots, onu ' produced a couplo of sovereigns and 4s 3d, in silver, which he handed to Mr. Lowe, remarking that the banks were closed, and that he would want sonic money. The pet ty cash box yielded another £10, and with this provision against immediate neces sities the amateur detective entered the next stage of the inquiry — and a cosy first-class carriage on the 10.5 p.m. express to Liverpool. Half-past 9 next morning found him at tho headquarters of tho Liverpool detective department in Dalc-strcet, and tho officer in charge, though at first suspicious and reticent, gradually thawed under the in fluence of the strong personal recommen dations from Superintendent Shore, which Mr. Lowo presented glibly by word of mouth, adding, with a deft, adaptation of the superintendent's sarcasm, that ho was commissioned by the Scotland Yard autho rities to furnish then) with all possible in formation about tho murder. Thus it was that ho enlisted the assistance of the offi cer, who, by merely pressing an electric button, summoned to the joint consultation a constable who was well acquainted with Rainhill, and In the space of a few minutes Mr. Lowe learned that Rainhill was a township with a population of about 2000, that it contained a lunatic asylum, two churches, and a railway station on the Liverpool and Manchester line. But the constable knew no ono thero of the namo of Williams. Mr. Lowe ruminated for a few moments, chewing tho eud of. his big moustache. "Can you put mo on to the local gossip?" he said, "tho man or woman who takes an intelligent interest in other people's busi ness, and knows all about the births, deaths, and particularly marriages, that have taken place in Rainhill for the last 20 years- or so?" "There's John Higham," said the eon- stable, reflectively. "He's tho local letter- carrier, and he knows everyone In the place. Perhaps he might help you." Of course; just the very man, and Mr. Lowe felt that he was close to the haunts of the wild goose after all. It had been snowing and blowing hard all night, with thunder and lightning, and hur rying squalls of hail and sleet. In the morning the storm had almost blown itself out, but it was still piercingly cold, and tho air was thick and opaque, and the half- seen sky was leaden, so that the day suited well with the task in hand. It was fitting weather for following up the death trail. Everyone knows that nature can accommo date herself to human moods, especially the poets', and Browning lets the interde pendence be seen very plainly. In "Pros- pice," that Alpine storm in verse, cannot ono feel the fog in tho throat, the mist in the face, and the cold blasts that blow about the narrow pass whore death sits waiting? In tho song from "Plppa Passes," on the other hand, or "Home Thoughts from Abroad," docs not one get life at its brightest in a flood of sunshine? Listen how "tho chaffinch sings on the orchard bough." One can hear tho gushing, melody right through the poem. But when Mr. Lowe reached Rainhill the storm was over, though the soft, white, newly-fallen snow covered the whole town- ship like a shroud. He dispatched a lad from the railway station in search of John Higham, who presently appeared, wheez ing, and opened his old eyes In astonish ment at tho tale which the stranger had to tell of a squatter king who had died in Australia, leaving a fortune of fabulous amount to his next- of-kin, a person of the name of Williams, formerly of Rain hill. Old Higham knew two ladies of the name of Williams, who were both inter viewed at once, and left to their own flus tered anticipations as soon as Mr. Lowe bad satisfied himself that they could have no possible connection with the murder. Hero the scent was lost temporarily, and he had to cast about patiently to recover it. As he walked down tho street with old Higham, there appeared upon the scene young Hicham, a strinlin of is who as- sisted his father with the delivery of the mails. To him the old man unfolded the story of the fortune which had been left in Australia, and of the efforts which were being made to recover the long-lost heir, a lucky Individual named Albert Williams. The boy's features worked in a desperate effort to grasp the thread of some associa tions, and then his eyes took on a new light, glowing with the joy of a great dis covery. "Feyther," he said, speaking In the long, : liquid, Lancashire drawl, "doant 'e moind thot theer Williams as coom'd to Rainhill last 'arvest-toime. Mayhap 'e wur tha fel ler. 'Im 's married Emmie Mather an' took 'er off to Cbaney?" "Ay, ay, sewerly," the old man respond ed. "I moind 'im well, ma lad. 'E rented Dlnham Villa from Mrs. Hayes, an Ben Young cemented tha lcitching floor fur 'im. Dear, dear, so 'es coom'd into a fortin. I liallus tliowt theer wur suthin' quare wi' him afoor 'o went away. Ay, thot's 'im, sewerly." Mr. Lowe gave an involuntary exclama tion of surprised delight. When hounds are hunting live game and they pick up the scent again after a check, they always give tongue. "When did you eay he mar- tied her, my lad?" he said. "Last 'arvest-toime," replied the lad, "oop at tha cboorch yonder. They wur married by passon 'isself, an' yo can see tha stiffkit if yo lolkc. But 'ere cooms Joe Pickering, 'e married Emmie Mather's sister, an' 'e can tell you moor o' . Wii- lums than me." Joe Pickering, a stalwart young carpen ter, remembered Williams perfectly, and recollected doing tho woodwork in the scullery at Dinham Villa when the cement ing of the floors was being carried out by Bon Young. Moreover, he had lately seen a letter written to Mrs. Mather by Wil liams from Melbourne, in Australia, In which Williams said that "dear Emily was quite happy, and in the best of health." The letter was dated sometime in January. There could no longer be any doubt in Mr. Lowe's mind that ho was on the right scent, and ho almost whistled as he re membered that the unfortunate "dear Emi ly" was murdered by the polite letter- writer on Christmas Eve. Higham, senior, In his capacity of parish clerk, soon found tho marriage register in the vestry of the old church, and turned up an entry relating to tho marriage of Albert Oliver Williams, bachelor, and Emi ly Mather, spinster. A copy of the entry would cost 3s 7d, ho remarked, meaningly. Mr. Lowe handed over the fee, as well as a couplo of half-crowns for the old man's private purse. "Yo woant want tho munny back if it's not tha roight Willums, will a?" said the careful clerk; and when reassured on. the point went off to call tho "passon." Mrs. Mather and her daughter, Mrs. Pickering, wero both at home when Mr. Lowe called, and was shown Into the neat little parlor, with its horse-hair sofa and arm-chair, its cheap German prints on tho walls, and its square table in tho middle of tho room, with a brass-bound family Bible lying mathematically in tho centre. The visitor introduced himself by handing tho old lady his card. "I represent tho 'Melbourne Argus,' " ho began, "and also (after a short pause) Scotland-yard. I want to ask you about a Mr. Williams who mar ried your daughter last September." It was wonderful how readily Mrs. Ma ther talked. Sho had had the letting of Dlnham Villa, which belonged to Mrs. Haves, and nnnllcants to view the pro- perty had to come to her for tho key. Mr. Williams wished to take the house, end when ho came for the key ho met Emily. Ho fell very much in love with Emily, and almost at once proposed marriage. Tho marriage came off in a very short time, and was celebrated by a dance in Dlnhan? Villa, in the kitchen, which had been newly ce mented. Certainly somo of tho neighbors had blamed her for allowing her daughter to marry a man whom no one knew any thing about, but bo was a free-handed, well-spoken man, and ho had promised her a good home. They wero very happy to gether, and Emily had written several let- tora home since they had left. Her last let ter was dated from Colombo, but her hus band had written from Melbourne. "Now. Mrs. Mather," said Mr. Lowe, "I want to ask you about your daughter." Tho old lady looked up at him sharply. "J want to know first," she said, "what you aro driving at, and I will not say another ' word until you tell me." "Mrs. Mather," said Mr. Lowe, "I have something very painful to say to you. I am going to tell you now about two people, a man and a woman. The man, 1 am posi tive, is Albert Oliver Williams. The woman may bo your daughter, or it may be tbe woman who. I have ascertained, came to Rainhill to visit Williams as his sister, but who, I have reason to believe, was Ills wife. Williams murdered his wife in Melbourne on last Christmas Eve." Almost before he had finished speaking Mrs. Mather had fainted, and it was not without some difficulty that Mr. Lowe and Mrs. Pickering together managed to revive her. Then he told her all that ho knew, weaving tho tangled scraps of information together into as consistent a whole as pos sible. But thero wore still somo terrible gaps to be fliled up. "Mind you, I do not believe that it is your daughter who has been murdered," said Mr. Lowe, arguing against his own convictions. I think it is very probable that his real wife, who visited him here at Dinham Villa, followed him to Melbourne, and that when she made herself known to him there, and reproached him for his de sertion, he took her life." It was a plauBible hypothesis, and it was of priceless value just then, for it enabled Mrs. Mather to hope. With her hopes her strength revived, and unlocking an old- fashioned secretaire she took out all the letters written by Emily Mather since her marriage, and also portraits of both the bride and bridegroom. After a little per suasion, she handed the letters and por traits to Mr. Lowe, who desired to take them to London and get them copied, re ceiving in return an assurance that they would be safely guarded and given back un injured. "Now, you must tell no one what I have told you," said Lowe, as ho took his leave. "It Is absolutely necessary that you pre serve the strictest secrecy." And the old lady, terrified and full of vague misgivings, pledged herself to silence. When Mr. Lowe took his seat In the up express for London ho had good reason to congratulate himself upon his day's work. He had succeeded beyond bis most sanguine anticipations, and ho had made his position secure by closing the door completely against subsequent inquirers for informa tion. Not only had he extracted a promise of silence from the ono living individual capable of giving positive information about tho murderer, but ho had swept off all the letters and all the portraits as well — that is to say, all the documentary evidence and all tho means of identification. After rifling the treasure- chamber ho had locked tho door, and left with the key in his pocket. Next morning, the "Argus," away on the other side of the globe, published an inter view, three-quarters of a column long, with the mother of the hapless Lancashire girl whose remains had been dug up a few day3 before from tho cemented grave in the house at Windsor. It was the first of a series of perhaps the most remarkable coups ever known in the history of Austra lian journalism. Backwards and forwards between London and Liverpool went the restless Mr. Lowe, collecting and piecing together all the ra velled ends of hearsay, all the tangled strands of inference, all tho stray fibres of circumstantial and direct evidence, until he had made a rope that was strong enough to hang a man. And yet he was only at the commencement of his task. It was strange how that other woman, the sister, or, more probably, the wife of Wil liams, who had visited him at Rainhill with her four children, kept on intruding into Mr. Lowe's busy brain. Sho quite up set his calculations. It was odd that, in spite of ell his efforts, he could find no trace of her whereabouts. She and her four children were like so many unquiet ghosts that refused to bo laid until they were avenged. As this last thought struck him, Mr. Lowo lifted his hand to his forehead and found it wet. He was sweating from sheer excitement. A vague idea came to him, stayed with him, and finally possessed hira. He hur ried from London to Rainhill once more, and hunted out Ben Young, the man who bad cemented the floors of the kitchen and scullery in Dlnham Villa under instruc tions from Williams. "Where did you get tho cement from, Ben?" was the first eager question. "It wur In tho cooch 'ouse," said Ben. To the coachhouse accordingly they went, and sure enough they found there three empty barrels which had evidently contain ed cement. "Did you use all tho cement out of tho threo barrels?" asked Mr. Lowe. "Naw," said Ben Young. "Mow much did you use. then? For heaven's sake, hurry up, my good man. It's a matter of life and death." Ben Young collected his thoughts deliber ately. "A laaid doon tha stcof oot o' two o' they barls," he replied, with irritating slowness. "A knaw nowt aboot this 'ere other wonn. It wur empty afoor a got tha job." "Empty beforo you got the job?" echoed Mr. Lowo, with the ring of a strengthening conviction in his voice. "Then what be came of the cement from that barrel?" Tho village plasterer wagged his head slowly from side to side, but never a word spako he. Mr. Lowe might as well have asked him what had become of the snows of yester-year. Then a great light flashed in upon the amateur detective's brain, illuminating all that was black a moment before, and sil houetting in the sharpest outlines objects which up to that moment had been wrapped in darkness. When the llne-of-battle-ship shows her mighty search-light every detail of tbe torpedo boat stands revealed, painted in black upon a disc of blinding white. "Where the missing barrel of cement Is there I shall find the missing woman also," said Mr. Lowe, half to himself, and darted off to submit his Ideas to Sergeant Chip- chase, the local constable, with whom he at once concluded an offensive and defensive alliance against the outside world. Ser geant Chipchase laid the facts before the district superintendent, and official named Kelly, and the digging then began in Dln ham Villa, under Mr. Lowe's direction, a digging the result of which most gruesoitie- ly verified the calculations which that far- sighted individual had worked out. And so it was that this Childo Roland to his Dark Tower came. Four sweating constables armed with pickaxes carried out this strange exhuma tion. Under the stone floor of the kitchen they came upon the cement from the third barrel, and in the cement they came upon the bodies of a woman and four children. Tho woman and three or tbe children had their throats cut from ear to ear, and the fourth child had been strangled with a piece of clothes-line, which was still round its neck. Mr. Lowe had an unusually interesting cable message to send to tbo "Argus' in Melbourne that afternoon, and in just a woolc from tho day on which ho received his first instructions he sent a complete re port of the murders which he had beon mainly instrumental in discovering, and with which all England was ringing somo hours after. When the story of tho Rainhill murders was published in the "Argus," alone of all the Melbourne papers next morning, Albert Oliver Williams, alias Frederick Bailey Deeming, was already on his way from Southern Cross In custody. If the Windsor charge broke down, the Rainhill case would hang him safely enough. "Ah! Mr. Lowe, glad to see you," said Superintendent Shore next day, stretching out his hand cordially to his visitor. "Let me congratulate you upon the smartest piece of detective work that has been done in England for many years." The principal of tho Guildhall School of Music, Sir Joseph Barnby, gives some in teresting reminiscences in an interview with him which appears in tho July num ber of the "Strand Musical Magazine." When ho was at Eton, Mr, Warr, who was a great friend of his, was appointed head master, and he called oil Sir Joseph, and they went out for a walk together. In the couiso of tho walk Sir Joseph said to his . friend, "By tho way, I know a long time ago that you would bo headmaster." "What do you mean?" was the reply. "That I had it from your own mouth." "Explain yourself," said Mr. Warr. "Why, don't you remember," observed Sir Joseph, "preaching In chapel threo years ago, and looking at Hornby, who was then headmas ter, as you gave out tho text, 'Occupy till I come'?" , MR. SAMUEL LOWE. (Sketched from 119s.) 