On our fourth page will be found an iu teres ting article on ** Graphiology," as Troll as some other interesting matter. Mr James Fagan, of Birthday Farm, North Drummsnd, having resolved upon 8heep»farming instead of dairying, Messrs W. H.F sh and Co. will on Friday next ancti n the whole of his dairy and cattle other The sale will be held on the far m beginning at 12 noon. After this, who will say that there are not in the Kyneto i - tat - school children " sharp as a needle?" The following describes an actual pccurrence:—Teacher: " Spell 'needle.'" Pupil: "N-e-i-d-l-e." "Thereis no i in 'needle.'" Teachers Class (in chorus): "Please, miss, there is."—A needle 'without an eye (for that was what the class meant) would be but a useless article. At til a poiice court yesterday/before Mr B'encowe, J.P., Wm Thornber pleaded guilty to being drunk on Saturday night, and'was fined 5s, or 12 hours. He was also charged with resisting the police, and was remanded until to-day. John Flint was charged by Constable Scarce • with using obscene lar. gnage, in Mol'ison- street, on Sunday, about 12.30. He pleaded guilty, and was fined £2 or 14 days. He was allowed 14 days to ipay the Sne. J. J. M'Namara was bron^it before Mr Blencowe, J.P., on Saturday, and was fined 5s, or 12 honrs, for being drunk and disorderly on; Friday. The fine jwas laid. Onr shire councHIora will passibly . receive some comfort from the fact that Kyneton is not ih; only place in the world where a wandering cattie nnisanM is felt They might takes hint from tie fol.owing, wiich comes from a Queensland paper :—There are various •ways of getting even -with an Inspector of Nnisances. The very latest and most efficient msthod comes from Bowral, in New .South 'jfValevand the Free Piess says •. This is m>t a fairy yarn—no, buta genuine nj.-U>-date fact, which occorred in Bowral pn Monday week. The cow belonged to Tom T—r-, at least, so we are informed, and it somehow got into Bong Bong stre t Bowral. its appearance as it walked along the street was very odd. Suspended'from the front of its "head "was a placard labelled, looking for -the Inspector of Nuisances, wlule .suspended from its.-taU 'waa an even larger pUcaid labdled • licensed to roam ; cabbage wanted.' The cow was driven into i iieyard at the Town Hall about 10.80 the awne. moming, to the amasement of Clerk Farrow and®, number of ethers.^ .Strange to say.the inspector did not come achnsthe Awiahho^gh-lfe had left'the' derfa'offiee only s few minhles before tie ojw^ appearttere-" We cannot find out who Jabel- *ed/the ebw, fast a lumpr is corrent ald«hnan had a hang in it,"' ' *• It fan. 'femaa^Jaatw^^'Hbepitrf-S last year aifionnted ,±o ' £5,0(ft^5s. Id. of j ^ ^ V S ^ S f t s f ^ -Monday, aud this year's returns^ so -&r; ihe ijhey iiave been ieceived,' Bmount lo £3£90> uawsfflfinay fce^reSaraea1^ satis- . as £^yterian Church, £16848s (as ^iinst' t £176 6s 9d Imt year) j Soots' Church. £ m jagrun - i ? The tender of Mr Macartney for the ight of grazing the racecourse was accepted by the trustees on Satnrday. The TentisjE70ayearfor three yeare. There were three tenders. The tender price is £4 less than last year, on account of four acres being reserved for a bicycle track by the'AJt.A. : At congregational meeting at St. Andrew's Church last -evening it was resolved'in connection with the -steps tO r£ll« the vacant pulpit, to hear the Rev. Mr Coutie, of Numurkah, on the first and jjecond-Snndiys in November, «nd thg jBev.; Mr Tait, of MafEra, on the third and fourth Sundays. , ; 1 ( V - i Persons having nnnsed portions of return railway tickets left on their hands naturally'dislike the loss, thus incurred, and are -under strong temptation to sell them, notwithstanding that the departmental rule is that 6uch tickets are not transferable. At the- Melbourne police court yesterday an offender in this direction was fined £5, with £7 10s costs. The highest penalty is £20. Lord Brassey, the Herald relates, went cut "for a 'walk in Government House grounds on Saturday morning, attired in an old suit and wide-a-wake straw hat. Meeting a policeman on duty in the grounds be asked him the nearest way to get : through' to ' the Botau cal Gardens. e The constable, not having the remotest S idea who the inquirer was, replied, "Look you here, my'good man, you know you've no business here. Take my advice and clear out of this. Just you go out of the front gate down therj." Lord Brassey followed the policeman's directions. On the arrival, at Bendigo, of the express train on Friday night one of the employes noticed apoitionof a woman's clothing on the undergear of the first carriage, and on examining* the engine found b'ood and fi -fib on it, The matter was reported to Stationmaster Smith, who carefully examined the line. Nothing was found till Kangaroo frlat was reached, when the body of a young woman was discovered shockingly mutilated. The trunk, with legs and tipper portion cut off, wasjfiret found. Further down the line lay the head, shoolders, arms and gloved hands" untouched, this indicating that the head and shoulders were on the outside of the rails when the fearful tragedy happened. It transpired that the remains were those of a single girl named May Macphenon, aged 20, who lived with her father, a mining engine driver, close by. An examination showed that the late goods train also passei over the body. Accounts are awaiting payment at the Kyneton Sub-Treasury for the following:— E. O'Connor, E. Blake, Dr J. H. Pestell (2), M. H. Wait, Dr Duncan, Dr Ryan, J. M'Niff. On the 7th prox., Messrs W. H. Fysb and Go, will sell, at the fair yards, 1000 crossbred lambs (three parts fat) for Mr <T. Davidson, of the Terricks. The Kyneton General Sessions and County Court are. to be held to-morrow, Judge Casey presiding. The next sitting of these courts will be on February 1st, 1896. George Dean, the notorious Sydney wifepoisoner, has been fonnd guilty of peijary committed in April last, when on trial on a charge of. attempting to- poison his wife. Dean was sentenced to 14 years' penal servitude, the maximum penalty for his offence. The conspiracy charge remains yet to be dealt with. On Sunday evening the Very Revd. Dean Hegarty ^raa giving am instruction on confession at St. Mary R- C, Church, when he rather startled the congregation by quoting the following from the service prescribed for the visitation of the sick, in the Book of Common Prayer, the authorised Anglican prayer booki—." Here shall the sick man be moved to make a special confession of his sins, if he feel his conscience troubled with any weighty matter, after which confession, the'priest shall absolve him (if he .lmmbly and heartily desire it) after this sort: ' Our Lord Jesus Christ who hath left power to his Church- to absolve' all sinners who truly repent and believe in Him, of his great mercy, forgive thee thine offences, and by His authority committed to me I absolve thee from thy sins in (he name ofthe Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy. Ghost. Amen,'" ; • A very sad and sudden death of a young lady named Fanny Kenarick, took place on Saturday. The deceased young lady was on a visit to her cousin, Mrs Griffin, of Lance field, when she was attacked by inflaenza, and was under the care of Dr Keogh. She desired to be driven to Kyneton, to the residence of Mr and Mrs J. Biny, whose niece she was,.intending to remain with them for a:little while,, as she thought that the air of Kyneton would be better for her case, an d also to enable her to.seek farther medical attendance.: On Saturday Mis Kendrick was being driven to Kyneton • in company with a nurse, and another lady, and when about half the journey had been accomplished -she asked, for .a drink and then seemed to -doze. Her attendants'seeing this thought that she was "asleep, bat on closer examination they foiind that she was deadL^ The cause of. death was pneumonia. -The jde ceased -was born at Monroe, Limerick Ireland,' land ° was '2S years of - sge.1 The funeral took place yesterday afternoon" and the remains were interred in the Kyneton ~ The ' arrangements in the .hands of Mr Ross, and the'eoffinbearera were Messrs P. Barry, J. 'Meeban, : P.' M'Hugh sad W. Hefferaan. The &sv.; !M. P. Carroll officiated at the .grave. ., Atfl «V3ock_oiL Smiday mpmin^, after a painfui : illness, borne with Christian fortitude. Mis Gobbles, died at her dense,' Bodkin sbreetj at the age jbt 'fli years. . Mrs Gubb'ms, who was the wife of Mr -jR-'Gubbihs, was a native of" Witney,' torhnshaiid iira &ibbiitt; arrired in Addaide , in cSepeimber, l851. 'Two years later the family came toJPictoria and resided al Castle- 1 main*) Stair MX JearsJ o i860 tUby came 'jto, Tira-^a&B; Bobbing; " of sur- 'ftfa'Mrs-^ Dbrfc^ of tiro Methodist Church, .aiid j lived ak' i s m m B i . ' - „ ^asr^w*,*- .member^:4* ,«jbe. Wbmsnjs. u ^ ^ - BJ ? S.nce the establishment of the present Kyneton gasworks the quality of the gas and the poverty of supply have frequently formed occasion -for complaint, but until Saturday night there was no absolute i failure. Between Wednesday and Sunday evening no gas passed from the retorts'to the holders, the main being choked by ammonical products, which had condensed On Saturday morning Mr M'Kindlsy, the f?ESSS&. intimated. to tha business people of the town that probably there would be no gas for use on the evening of that day, but a small stock in reserve was distributed. This ran ont at 9.30, and after that hour kerojene and candles were brought into requisition. On Sunday moriiing Mr M'Kindlay found that he would not be able to supply the churches, and sent out intimation to that effect to the authorities. St Mary's illuminated with candles, and at the Wesleyan Church a splendid illnmination was effected by means of five 300-candle-power kerosene lamps lent by Messrs Castles Bros. The other churches began evening service at 6 o'clock, and concluded before any inconvenience resulted from the failure of daylight Mr • M'Kindlay and a staff of men were busy at worfc daring the greater part of Sunday, and made such progress that during the evening 3000 feet of gas was made and lodged in the holders. Communication between the retorts and the purifiers was by acting on a suggestion by Mr th'at the ammoniacal salts choking the main would be dissolved by means of muriatic acid. Mr Stredwick was in attendance at tho works on Sunday, and gave what proved to be very valuable assistance,... Yesterday the work of cleaning the main was vigorously persevered with, and the manufacture of gas was resumed during the afternoon. There is guarantee that there will not be another failure at an early date. The probability is that failures will frequently occur until such time as a scrubber is provided. When the ^asivorks were in course of erection a member of our staff pointed out that a scrubber was a practical necessity. Expe rience since then, and particularly during the past week, emphasises the fact. " It is a holy and a wholesome thought to pray for the dead that they may be loosed from their sins." This was the text which the Very Rev Dean Hegarty took for his sermon at St. Mary's R.C. Church on Sunday morning, when lie exhorted the congregation to pray for their departed relatives and friends. He stated that it was one of the doctrines of the Roman Catholic Church, and their friends the Protestants were likewise slowly but surely coming into this belief. In fact the Church of England was coming nearer to the Church of Rome every day. He also remarked that an Anglican miuister in Tasmania told him that he always prayed for the souls of the departed. Therefore he must have believed in Puigatorr, otherwise what would have been the use in praying for the departed, as they must be either in Heaven or Hell, and it would be absurd to pray for them when they were in either of those places. Dean Hegarty further stated that the belief now being taught by their friends was that Hell had an end, and that after the full penalty of their sins had been paid they would go to Heaven which meant that scoundrels could go with saints. We regret to learn that Sir J. B. Patterson is confined to his bid, suffering from an attack* of inflaenza. It is hoped that Sir James will have a speedy recovery. 