General Boot!,!. urs appeal"to sinners. On Friday Inst Goncrnl Booth oonduotod a publio meeting of prayer in tbo Queen's Thoatro, by tho aftornoou train loft for Maryborough, It had boon arranged that In tho morning bo should bo takon to ono of tbo sugar nulls and tho prayer mooting bo oon duotod by Oolonol Dowalo, but at tho last moment ho altered tboso arrangomonts, hlmBolf, At 10.80 a.m. a contingent of tho Army, : bonded by tbo Guards Baud, parnded tuo I streets, aud at 11 o'olook tho servloo com- | moncoa, boing oonduotod from a smell plat form in front of tho stago. Tho body of tbo I nnl ha ,«na ORaiI , t, nf IllH A YIT1 V and sympathisers ; tho gollory bocomlng gradually oooupiod as tho mooting wore on. rrocoodiugs ware opjuod with a briof prayor by Staff Captain Cain, Thon followod on© of tboso ontliuslabtlo volloys, only hoard upon suoh occasions, to groot tbo arrival of tho Gonornl. who with kindly smiles boamod upon all around him, aud whoso sympathotlo Eresonoo booamo a potont iuflueuco. A ymn was sang to that protty air 11 Long Long Ago"? Colonol Dowdlo proyou earnestly s somo sloglng noxt on tho knoo ; Oolonol Lawloy ana Major Mallan sang hymn 43, Commissioner Pollard accompany ing on tbo couoortina ; and a collection was I takon up. Tho Gonerel thou oxpoundud tho | soripturos from tho .Prophooloa (Gospels I ho said thoy woro froquontly tormod, I not inoorrcctly) of Ezoklol, ohap. 30 vorso 21-31, and dwolt at' botoo longth on tho particular vorso " A now heart also I wiU glvo you, and a now spirit will I put within you, and 1 will tako away tho stony hoarb out of your fiosb, and 1 will givo you a heart of flesh." It was ovidontiy a favorite subject with him, aud his oxcollont discourso, dellvorod in forvont,.but simplo, languogo, judging from appoarances, wont direct to tho hearts of his congregation. Ho said " Hero is a distinot ongagemont on tho port of God, nnd whon you considor it your courso of mind is vory plain, Whon you havo an undertaking mado with you, what do you do ? First, you find out what Is I in tho promise j how much doos it signify, and what is tbo valao of it. Sopondly, you I oonsidor tbo conditions upon which tho ful filment of tho promiso is mado to dopond— what you havo to do, to think, or to say. Thirdly, you say how oan I fulfil thoso to tho utmost of my ability. This ia how you have to consider ono of God's promises, and if you do so oonsoientlously with truo honesty of purpose, Ho does not require moro from you. When you bavo tho witness of your own spirit that you havo loUUiod thoso conditions, and ©au say to God 4 1 havo ful filled toom,'- Ho will redeem his promises, and you oan go awoy ond onjoy thorn. Now with this promise that Ezekiel tolls us of, what docs Tt moan. You oan sec thoro is an engagement, a distinot contr&ot;, a plcdgo on the part of God to dolivor you from sin. You are not to measure your salvation by your or tbo oxporioncea of othors in tbo past. You havo to go to Him with your slos just as you are, and your standard you will find is what is promised in too Book of God. You bavo got His promiso to savo you from aU sins. But you have to remember this t that thoro I are sIub and sins, There is that eia wbioh is I tho root of sins, and tho sin wbioh is tho fruit | of sin. Thoro is tbo disposition from which evil springs, and tho ovil that springs from it, ion may say Ob, this is not my oaso, I havo no disposition to sin.' But I tell you nowhere is there not sin and sin. No ouo d&ro; stand up and say ' I havo novor sinned.' God will ask you what havo you dono with 1 your sins P Are tboy all forgotten ? You may havo ooasod to remember thorn, but you will fiud thoy are aU written in God's Book, and in that wonderful recording in strument wo call momory, our oonsoionco. Persons who are drowning, say that iu on inBtant every incident of their lifo flashes ovor tholr mind. Thoy livo thoir lifo iu that short timo ovor again, omitting nothing it aU oomcs beforo toom. A lady onoo assured mo ebo bad tho samo exporionoo as sho foil down a long flight of stairs. So with you. You will find that your record has not bocn destroyed, and that it will all oomo baok to your mind again. Whon you stand bafQj-o tbo Groat Whito Throno, you will want ho I <uiA,/1Sti(r nnirnl. Ynnr ulna mill nian/1 Ant written in words of flumo. Tho eins you havo oommittod against Uod, the evil doiugs against your husband, your wife; and tbo wrongs to your master, your sorvant, your coigbbor. Thoy shall all stand out, evcryono of thorn. You say, " with all tbeso standing against mo, what hope havo I of salvation. " But then thoro is God's promiso tbat tho man who oomcs to Him, and casts himself on Bis moroy, Ho iB willing to blot out not only I from bis momory, but from God's book all bis sins— however numorous thoy maybe. Let toom bo as numerous as tbo stars in tho boavoas. as countless as tho sand on tbo sea- i shore, Jesus blots tbem out, and eaves tho I sinner. Thon again, thoro is tho sinfulness, I —tho fooling within ono to oommit I sin whother or not. I remember | onao talking about his soul to a blasphemous baoknoy cab proprietor. Ho said to mo 44 If J go to your mooting, what is tho good of it f To-morrow, when I ootne baok into, tho ybrd, I shall blaspheme and bo as bad as ovor. It will do mo no good ! I I had better kcop away." I said to him ' But if you como to tbo Lord Josus, Ho not only pardons tho heart, but bo ohangos tho past, His promiso is "A now spirit will I put withfn you"— think of that,— 1 anew spirit.' Not only doos Ho givo you tho powor not to sin, but Ho cleanses you from all your eins. I Ho will remove your idols, purify all your I filtbinose. Ho rentovos your pride, your vioo, avarice, love of tho world, selfishness, j revenge, hatred, malico, lust, aU those dirty j vile ways wbioh mako "you au abomination I Ho takes them aU away and purifies you with tho spirit of tho Holy Ghost. But I hoar someone exolaim " this promiso in Ezekiel is forthoJow.' I say "thank God for it, >T ., .v. oiBo ior tho Gentuo. When that spear entered His hoart upon too Cross, you and I wero brought upon the same platform as tho Jew. Will you have it? this salvation whioh is offored yon I What ore you going to do with your sins P You think whon you join tho Army, that you havo got rid of them. I toll you thov only sleep, tneyglay at your hoart, ond will gnaw it for ovor, unices you havo them washed away. You oan havo Salvation hero ; now. A steward upon a steamer onoo said to mo "What is tho good of Salvation for mo whilst I go to soa ?" I cay Solvation oan bo brought to you on caith or land, in tho fire and on tho water. Shadraok, MoBhaoh, and Abednego had it in tbe fire, and thoy bad tho jolliost timo over thoy had on earth. It will oleanso you from your idols, and all ovil things you have Iain to your hearts. Never mind tho outward oppearanco, You may wear a whito waistcoat, furbelows, woll starched shirts, collate and cuffs, bodices nnd dresses ; look aU purity aud oloanlinesa ox- tornally, and yot below, bo a moss ot rcokiog filth and impurity. God will oloanso you in terna iy, ns woll as oxtornally, for Ho Eromlso to tako away all your idols. Ho B? i ''Those shalt havo no othor God but rao, Thoro must bo no imago, no figure, but bo must bo worshipped supremo. Your God must bo yoar tomplo. How many pooplo bring in things botwoon thomsolvoa and God, Thoy aro bont upon tho worship of ovory day idols ; bent upon tho worship of monoy ; thoy worship tholr own kindred, tholr ohlldron, tocit husbands, wives, sisters, brothers. Thon God takes4thcso Idols of tbo hoart away, to savo tholr souls. Thoso husbands wives, children, might havo beon in thoir homos to-day if yoa had not mado idolo nf them, Romombor this— God either tokos your iaolatories or puts your Idols in tho grave. Chooso now j whioh shall it bo ? Ho promises also to. tako awny your hardness of hoart ; that want of feoling so painful to soo. lorhaps you bore havo a husband, wifo, son. or daughter, going to hell P You who aro supposed to bo «&ved;, do you wcop ovor them P I call on you aud asked you, how is your husband ? "What roply do you givo mo 44 Oh I can t tell you anything about him ; thank God you cau't see him ?" Why not P Ho drinks or oommita somo othor h\i\b, What do P T do aot think muoh. You will jet him accompany you to ohurob, to tho barrioktj, and sit al"«g ridoof ynu, but —ju do not say anything about bis soul. Again. Goa engages to put his spirit withinlas, "It will como and live with you," ho says, "if you surrendor to Mo." x will mako you good ond oauso you to walk in My paths." That promiso is for oil. God is no rcspootor of ?iTMViRln.0n„d,P00r wlth Him arc all n.?U8 Station is for all, if thov aro willing to falfll His conditions. Now s now is tho oocopted timo | now is tho day of Salvation, And what are tho conditions P First,— You must give up what you know to bo evU. Seoond— yu must bo willing to follow Him through good and evil report. Now, I ak you " is thoro a backslider amongst you who wants to bo savod) who has allowed monoy, or companion's, or politics to oomo botwoon bim and his Mukor, who has once walked uprightly and then gonn tho wrong way ?" If there ho, lot him oomo and kneel down hero and find Salvation. Como ond let God bavo all your heart if Ho ovor had It before; if not, oomo and lot him havo it now. Prayor was thou engogod in by Gonoral Booth (Am I not going to get on ojoul In Bundaborg P ho asked, whon ponitonta at first woro diffident to como forward) Colonels Dowdlo and Lawloy, and boforo tho mooting had ploecd povoccq men and women hod knolt nt tho pohfc pcayod for. Boforo tho triSvAI, f-ROVlDENT 1 afternoon tho platlorm was oX r to 0x00b8, ovory armv member v anxiety to got a last look at tho Oorl " most of thorn might novor boholdn earth again. Boforo stopping Into hbjL. tho Gonoral mado a fow remarks urffl .. around him to bo good and abovqallto try ond load pure lives-; not devoting joo muou of thoir attention to sugar aul monoy making, but sooking first too kingdom of God, Ho tkankod tbem for tbo leocoptlon aoeordod him and in a briof suppUoatlon prayod for tboir welfare. Oomtrisslonor Coombos started tho hymn " God ho With ' You," whioh was taken up and' sibg with groat fooling as tbo train tnovod otp of tho . station. SA v jjnfl 