KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER XXIV.—(Continued.) " The new-comer was of medium height, very slender, very dark, with hair and moustache of that jetty black you never see in an Englishman. He was a stranger to Davis, and yet something struck him as familiar. Sir Peter put up his double eye glass and stared him in a helpless sort of wav. " What the devil brought you back to Castleford ?" he heard Sir Peter say to him, " I thought you were dead and buried centuries ago. And you've changed, haven't you ? They used to call you good looking ; I'll be hanged if I can see it now.' The stranger laughed good-natnredly. " Yes, I dare say I have changed,' he said, ' and not for the better. Six years' knocking about among the sweepings of Europe, and living by one's wits, is not a life conducive to beauty. I'm going back to America, and it struck me I should like to run down here once more and take a look at the old place ! You look as though you wond- ered at that ; well, perhaps it is to be wondered at. The truth is,' he took Sir Peter by the button and lowered his tone, ' I heard something of this— this ghost story, you know, and I had to come. Besides, I want to find out Mrs. Vavasor. I say, Sir Peter, can't we have a private room, and talk the matter over ? I have a pocketful of Napoleons here, and we can indulge in a little game of ecarte at the same time.' " The baronet was touched in his vital spot— ecarte. They got the private room and had their little game. They played until long after mid- night ; when they came out the baronet was in the wild state of elation he is always in when he wins. 'I thought luck would turn,' he said to Dubourg, when he came out. ' I've won sixty Naps of this gentleman, and mean to win as many more to morrow night. Don't forget, Dantree ; I'll give you your revenge tomorrow evening at the Scars- wood Arms.'' ''Dantree !'' O'Donnell exclaimed. ''I see you remember the name — Katherine Dangerfield's rascally lover. Here's the card Davis picked up in the gambling- house.'' O'Donnell was fully aroused now, He flung his cigar away and took the card. On one side was en- graved the name ' Gaston Dantree,' on the other wab written in pencil : My Dear Sir Peter. — I must see you for a moment. I have heard this story of you seeing the ghost of K. D. Perhaps I can throw some light on the subject. ''G.D.'' '' This is extraordinary,'' the chasseur said ; '' pray go on, my lord.'' ''Ah, your interest is aroused at last. Wait until you have heard all. The two men parted in Castleford, High-street, and Davis followed the wrong man, Sir Peter. His professional instincts told him the other was his game, but his orders were Sir Peter. The baronet remained within doors all next day — and Davis strolled quietly over to Bracken Hollow, and hung about the trees, keeping the windows well in sight. He made two discoveries— first, that Miss Herncastle was still there ; second, that she and the old woman have a prisoner of some kind in hiding.'' ''A prisoner ?'' O'Donnell repeated, thinking of what he had heard at that gruesome house. ''A prisoner— an idiot. Davis is certain. It — he or she — he couldn't tell which— came to the window twice, jibbering and moaning, and uttering strange, unearthly sounds. Once the hard-featured old woman pulled him away, exclaiming ? Drat the fool ! a body can't turn their back but you're at the window. The second time Miss Herncastle drew him back — speaking very gently and kindly. He saw her quite plainly ; the window was up and she shut it down.'' ''As dusk drew on Davis returned to Castleford and his watch on the baronet. Sir Peter was out — had gone for a walk — to the cemetery of all places ; .and Davis slipped into his room. If he could only stow himself away and see and hear what went on ! There was an old-fashioned clothes press at one end, with a small window, hung from within- with a muslin blind. He ran the risk and took his post within in there. At ten precisely Sir Peter entered and Dantree with him. The baronet sat with his back to the clothes-press, Dantree in plain view. Again Davis was struck with the familiarity of the face, but where had he seen it ? He looked and listened, and the game went on. It was ecarte, and before the first quarter of an hour was over he saw that the baronet did not stand a ghost of a chance against his adversary. Dantree was far and away -the better player of the two. And he sat down to win — his losses last night had been but the usual ruse. They played, and from the first game luck went steadily against the baronet. He ordered wine and brandy, he drank recklessly — his eagerness and fury were something horrible. Dantree won and won — his dark face like stone, his eyes devilish in their malice and triumph. Morning was breaking when he arose, and he held in his hand Sir Peter's cheque for eight thousand pounds. They had played for high stakes, and luck had gone dead against the baronet. ''I'll win it back — by Heaven I will !'' Sir Peter cried, livid and trembling with fury. Remember, Dantree, you're to return to- night ; I'll have it back or lose more.'' ''I shall only be too happy to give you your revenge, Sir Peter. I shall return without fail to-night.'' '' Sir Peter accompanied him to the door. Davis seized the opportunity to slip from his hiding-place, half stifled from want of air, and half dead from want of sleep. But before sleep or rest was the necessity of finding out something more about this fortunate Dantree. He resolved to follow him home, and he did it. In the grey of the summer morning he dogged Dantree to his abode. It was — here is another astonisher for you — Bracken Hollow !'' The chasseur could only sit and stare. ''Bracken Hollow!'' he murmured, helplessly. '' Bracken Hollow. And as he watched him enter, the whole truth burst upon him — the familiarity of his face, his walk— were explained. Gaston Dantree and Helen Herncastle were one and the same.'' O'Donnell fairly rose from his chair in the intensity of his surprise. ''Impossible !'' he exclaimed. ''My lord, what is it you are saying? Oh, this is too much:!'' ''It is the truth — I am convinced of it. That woman is capable of anything— anything under Heaven. She personated Frank-land at the ball, she personates Gaston Dantree now. Gaston Dan- tree in propria persona it couldn't be— that I know.'' '' You know — how ?'' ''When I got that card, and heard Davis' descript- tion of him, I went to Doctor Graves, of Castleford. He knew him, you remember ; I asked him for in formation. The description he gave me of Dantree in no way agreed with Davis' description, except in the colour of the hair and moustache. I asked Graves if Dantree over recovered from his fall down stairs. The doctor shook his head. I asked Otis, and he says yes, but I don't believe it. He couldn't recover. Alive he may be — but if alive, he is an idiot. It was impossible, from the nature of the injury he received, that health and reason could both return.'' O'Donnell sat mute, his head in a whirl. 'Davis came to me, made his report, returned to the Silver Rose, and slept all day. Sir Peter kept his bed all day ; I visited the Scarswood Arms and found that out. Then I took a stroll in the direction of Bracken Hollow. It is the loneliest of all lonely places — no one ever goes there. The thick growth of trees renders it a capital spot for a spy. Safely out of sight myself I watched that upper window. I had my reward— the jibbering, idiotic face appeared, laughing, mouthing, and talking to itself. I had brought with me a powerful pocket telescope, and took a long look before anyone came. O'Donnell here is the crowning discovery of the whole — I believe that idiot hidden at Bracken Hollow to be Gaston Dantree !'' 'Gracious Heaven !'' '' Graves had described the face, remember, and I had a good look. The description tallied; It was a handsome face, or had been when the light of reason was there ; black eyes, black hair, regular features, and shaven smooth. The idea would not have struck me had Graves not mentioned that Dantree, if alive, must be an idiot. The question is, what brings him there ?'' ''A question I cannot answer. I am utterly dazed and stunned. I never heard such an extraordinary chain of occurrences in my life. To think that Miss Herncastle should personate Gaston Dantree. My lord, it seems--it must be simply preposterous. Why, Sir Peter knew Dantree— would see the imposture at once.'' ''Sir Peter would see nothing of the kind— Sir Peter is as blind as a bat ; can't see two inches I beyond his own nose. He takes Gaston Dantree for granted. Davis is right, you'll find. Was there ever such another woman in the world ?'' ''Never, I hope. And it is really your impression that Gaston Dantree, an idiot, is imprisoned at Bracken Hollow ?'' ''It is really my impression, and I can only account for it in this way : Katherine Dangerfield left him in charge of this Mr. Otis— from what I hear I infer Otis was in love with Katherine Dangerfield, and her wishes were sacred. He re- stored Dantree to health, but not to reason, and placed him with the girl's nurse in this desolate house. That is my theory, and it will hold good in the end, you'll find.'' ''If you saw a portrait of this Gaston Dantree,'' O'Donnell said, thoughtfully, ''you could tell, I suppose, whether or not it was the same face you saw at Bracken Hollow ?'' ''I am certain I could. But it is probable we can procure such a portrait ?'' ''It is possible, I think. Pray go on and let me hear all. Did Gaston Dantree, or Helen Hern castle, return to the Scarswood Arms that night ?'' (To be continued.) 