CHAPTER II. ilut when he walked up that narrow privet-hedged path one bright, briak-aired, late-.Septembor afternoon, nobody was at the door, which stood closed. It was opened for him by a stupid, strange slip of a girl, who shut him iuto the stuffy front parlour, saying vaguely that she would " get somebody to him.” This somebody, however, was so long in appearing that Kerrigan had time to think heart-sickly of what might have intervened since the date of his last homo letter, now several months old. The shadow thus conjured up blurred •.way all the pleasure of meeting his brother Tom, and Tom’s wife, who at last came in, and it made him hurry over his greetings to the question he scarcely dared ask, " A ud how’s mother ? I suppose I’ll be seeing her presently? ” "Why then haven’t you heard tell?” said Tom. “ Sho was well the time Maggie wrote," Martin said defiantly. ” Och and well enough she is, for that matter, if that was all. I thought some body was after writin’ you word. She’s got married again—there’s for you—and me poor fat her not- a twelve month in his grave, this minute; not till after Christmas ! ” " Married ngain P mother married—that's great,” said Martin, laughing, wbilo about his ears clattered down the ruin of the house where he was to have spent much of his time in being very kind to her, and getting her everything she liked that inonoy could buy. " You may call it so. And the fellow she’s took—a man by the name of Carter— used to be coinin’ here about cattle grazin'. A big, fat lout, fit for nothin’ but fuddlin’ IliniBolf W)tl> whiskey. Owns all manner of property put in Queensland, if you’re to believe his account; I don’t, But nnyway it’s there they packed off to, last month; like enough your boats crossed ono another Bomowhere." " Well, the divil’s in it,” Baid Martin. “ Carter was after tlio bit of money father left in her own control,” Tom said explanatorily, <■ a thing he’d no right to have dope, and that’s the thanks ho got for it—in six months,” "And herself with a groat big rod poppy cocked on top of her bonnet, inserted Mrs Tom, “ fit to flare tho sight out of your *" But as for what bewitched an old J woman of her time of life,” Tom went on, | ” to go and make such a laughing- stock of herself, I’m not offerin' an opinion.” “ You might then,” said his wife, ’’ for often enough, beforo there was any talk of such a thing happenin’, I’ve told you to mark my words your mother was gettin’ too fppd pf a drop; and once a body takes to that, there's no fpolerv need surprise yon. Why, my good gracious, the yery last time they were in this room, there wag neither of the pair of them that I wouldn’t have said had had something stronger than egg-broth, and it not ten o’cloek in the niomin'. That was tho reason of my Bayin', if you noticed, tho key'd got lost, when she passed a remark about tho der Banter of ghorry-wjno," There followed a long, painful pause, during which Kerrigan felt as if something worse than tho devil were in it. When he broke it by enquiries after another brother, there seemed to l>o a certain fitness in the reply that Arthur had gone to the bad altogether this good while back, though his progress thither hod not formed a sharply outlined incident bucIi us are chroniclod in one’B correspondence. Then Mrs Tom said: “ And whoro are you stoppin' now, Martin “ Oh, last night I slept at Drogheda,’’ he said, with a confusod start, " and thon— and then I ,came on here.” Oi), wo could put him up,” said Tom, less thorough than his wife in carrying out their proconoortod policy of letting Martin know at onco that if bo chose to lose his chances, and quarrel with his well-to-do relations, and couio trapesing back, the Lord could tell why, or what he thought ho’d get by it, it was his own affair, hut he needn’t supposo ho was going to livo on them." “ In course, if it’s only for a night or fun,” Mrs Tom said, with emphasis, “a couple of the boys might sleep in the loft, ft’sasfull of draughts as it can hold, but there’s no other way I can manege." i Kerrigan sat miserably mumbling some thing about being sorry to put them out I that much. Ho would havo gone away at once, luid not a glamour, lingering from his imaginations on the Pacific, bewildered him and puzzled his will, as ho stared at \- his mother's old sampler, still hanging glazed and faded on its nccustomod nail. Hesides that, he could not at the moment flunk of any one place to set out for more than another. Also ho had some wish to see his sister Maggie, and they told him that she would not como home till lato that night. So he said to himself that things might l>o pleasanter, somehow, in the morning. They were not, however, except in so far that Maggie, tall and twenty-three, had still the same clear grey eyes as when she was four years old. and seemed glad to sec him in ashy, suppressed sort of way. Pro the rest, little Pranoy cholccdand sneezed at breakfast, whereupon his mother said pointedly that-it was enough to give him his death, sleeping out in the loft with a blast through it like a win nowing machine. It was a saint’s day, and she had not been able to forbear putting on her best purple merino ; but she con sidered it expedient to counteract this symptom of prosperity by bidding the children not to crumble and waste their bread, which the dears knew it was not so easy to fill their mouths with those times. She remarked, too, that as butter was ten prices, she would not break the second pat that morning—unless Martin would hike another hit, which he declined to do. Tom hud apparently forgotten all the old house hold jokes aud adventures which Martin recollected most clearly, ami when re minded how they had said or done this or that, would only indifferently daresay that they might. His air was resolutely ab stracted, aud curt his speech. Hut when the womankind and children had gone to Mass, which naturally disposed men to talk about business matters, he en larged at great length upon the unsatis factory stato of his own affairs. It ap peared that what with the sum lie had paid for tho interest in the lease when taking on the farm from his mother, aud what with the sight of money going after Maggie next mouth into her convent at Belfast,, where she was to profess, and what with the general badness of agricultural pros pects, Mr Tom Kerrigan could not tell the day or tho hour when lie might not. he making a composition of so much in tile pound, and the next thing he knew, he would liave a wife and half-a-dozen chil dren on his hands. Having thus conducted his family to the door of the workhouse, with an ostentatious parade, which was a little overdone, he turned his attention to his brother's more immediate concerns. And what have you a notion of doin’ now, Martin ? ” he said. “You made no great things of it out there, I should “ Oh, I’ll rub along one way or the other.’’ said Martin. He felt a faint, dreary satis faction at the thought that his brother was taking all these precautions against a false alarm. As for the news of his own riches, lie had not the heart to produce them, l’liat whole story was now liko a flower just dropped in .pieces, all there still, but no longer worth looking at; and Tom had helped to shako off t he petals. The vagueness of Martin’s reply rather quickened Tom’s apprehensions. “There's California now,” lie said, "people have groat talk of the fruit-growing business. I believe there’s money in it. Had they any such thing out where you wero ? ” ” Some,” said Martin. “ I should suppose,” said Tom, " that a man with no capital to speak of might get employment at it ready enough, if he had experience. You’ve been knockin’ around a goodish bit ? ” “ Kigh twenty year it is,” said Martin. “ A man was tollin’ mo only the other day,” said Tom, “ of a party goin’ out there from Queenstown next week, Tuesday I think ho said. Uncommon raisonable the fares were, lie said. Some of them had been askin’ him to join. A fine chance he said it was for anyone it might suit. From Queenstown next week. I couldn't swea now whether it's Tuesday or tv.'•>•• •• “ I lauded Thursday evenin', and here’s Saturday—not two days clear,” Martin s ml meditatively. But Tom misconstrued tho import of those calculations, and said encouragingly, “ You'd run down there in plenty of time, if that was all. And any way you could be makin’ enquiries. I wouldn't wonder if it was worth your " I wouldn't wonder,” said Martin. He had suddenly quite determined to leavo Druniclogher by that night’s train, not that he harboured the ghost of a plan respecting California, or any other place on the sin-face of the blank, unmeaning, doleful earth. One, however, occurred to him an hour or so later, when he looked out of his window and saw his sister Maggie pacing np and down in the little garden strip at tho back of the house. Ho watched her for awhile,and then went out and joined her. Maggie was reading a little old hook of devotions, which nmdo her feel ns if she were back again in the long, elm-shnded nun’s walk at Saint Mary’s Convent, where, however, she wonld not have encountered anything resembling Martin, in his loud-patterned check suit and flaming red tie, bought because ho re membered that his mother hnd liked him to wear a smnrt one on Sundays. He had no time to spend on preliminaries, and came to the point at once, so tlint Maggie had scarcely broken off in the middle of her psalm, when he was saying, “ Look hero, Maggie, will I tell you a bit of a secret ? D’ you know I’ve come into a lot of money—a thundering lot. Old Uncle Francis left me every rap he'd got, and he’d made his pile something like. But what I was thinking, Maggie, is that if you haven’t altogether mndo up your mind to this nun business, you’d maybe come along and keep house for me—anywhere you might fancy; it's all one. And as for spending, by Jingo, you might carry on like a digger with a big nugget, you might so. And supposin’ there was trouble with those convent people about your breakin’ your contract, or whatever it is, why I could stump up any amount; so never you mind that. I’ve a notion you and I’d get on together first-rate, and in th; matter of money, we could live like fighting cocks.” Kerrigan knew full well that he wins blurting out uncouthly and roughly wlmt he wanted to put forcibly and persuasively, but the knowledge helped him as little us it lias done many other peoplo in like ease, and he ended with a conviction that he had ruined his own cause, which gives a crude bitterness to the fruit of frustration and failure. Yet in reality eloquence could have hero availed him nothing. It would merely have added to his sister’s discon certion by rendering less preposterously impracticable this alternative scheme suddonly held up between her and her securely mapped out future. As it was, the incongruity had a reassuring glare. How should there bo any link between her destiny and that of this gaunt, harsh featured stranger, whoso grizzled, black bearded viBago had only now and then a passing look which reminded her dimly of some iong while ago, ns his voice jarred familiar with foreign tones in his half unintelligible, slangy talk about his money. Maggie cared rather less for money than ho did himself, and was heartily weary of hearing pooplo discourse about how much and how little of it thoy hud. Could Martin have known, ho might ns hope fully have offered her one of tho glowing marigold discs out of tho border at her feet in exchange for her long cherished dream of a life nestled in among quiet, cloistered gardens, and grey walls that niched a tiny white cell, stainless and still as the chamber in a spiny horse- chest nut burr, Any proposal which seemed to seriously menace the realisation of that dream would have struck her indeed with sore dismay, and even now she wan so ob viously shocked and startled that Martin felt almost as if ho had by inadventure thrown a stone near Borne small, wild creature,whom ho did not mean to frighten. Beforo she hnd answered, ho had read in her Beared eyes the fate of his last attempt to pick up ono strand of the old sovcrod life across the chasm of years. "Ah! Martin, don’t talk that way. How could 1 do such a thing? It would ho just turning hack at the gato of heaven,” said Maggie, with sincere solemnity, having at the moment a very clear vision of her gentle motherly Novice Mistress waiting there to hid her welcome, of spacious hall and corridor, where tho dimmest recesses held the light and incense of tall lilies, of (lie serene-countenanced sisters chanting in their choir, flecked with ruhy and ntne thyst under tho jewelled window—all seen through the shimmer of a mystical bridal veil, ft was no wonder that talk about living like fighting cocks sounded to her scarcely like liuiuiui speech. “ Weli, well, nover mind about it then, Maggie girl,” said Martin; “ it was no more than an idea I took up, remembering you the jolly sort of little kid you used to he iu tlie old days. You needn’t let on I ever mentioned tho matter; they’d maybe bother you about it. And I won’t say either hut that you may he right to step in there, if you think you’ve got the chance ; anyway, we come across plenty of the other place outside here, as far ns I’ve sampled it. lint I’m off by tho next train, so I’ll say good-bye. And here’s a hit of a sort of a shawl-brooch contrivance I got for someone else—she fancied them large- sired, I know. It's a general view of the town and har bour of Sydney, dono in silver work. I don’t know you would he let wear such a thing, lmt perhaps it might come in handy for pinning on your wings with—nnns are a kind of walking angel, as I understand.” lie went of! jocosely, ns suited his witti cism : hut Mnggie, though on the whole re lieved at his departure, watched his exit with a remorseful twinge, and for the first time glanced at his request from his own point of view. There was something iu his walk, as he disappeared among the Yel lowing currant hushes, that reminded her of her father: and she wished, uneasily, that Tom and Ellen had not been so still, and that she herself had not allowed them to silence her by their glum dumbness when she would have responded to his essays at conversation. However, she con soled herself a little by resolving that she would pray for him a great deal. Martin presently left the farm with every intention of returning thither no more. He neither announced nor denied that he was going rid Queenstown to Cali fornia, and his brother and sister-in-law displayed a polite reserve about explicitly questioning him on his plans, though, from Hints which they let fall, it was evident that they were strongly impressed with the advantages of emigration, especially when directed to tho culture of oranges and apricots. Just before he started, he gave a hit of crumpled paper to little sneezing Franey, and the child afterwards exhibited it to his father, observing—“ ilo said it was for hoard and lodgin'.” But Tom Kerrigan snapped it away angrily, saying that it «'as only a piece of foolery, and he thrust it far back into a drawer which he seldom opened—ho would have liked to have put it in the fire. It was a ton-pound note. (To Ic Continued.) 