®asg Cifrir Inttitip. THE Railway Inquiry Board continues its operations in the dark. It has decided to take evidence in camera. It is not likely, therefore, that its report, whenever it sees the light, will be of any practical value. The general idea is that the board has not set itself to make an honest and independent inquiry, but is simply endeavouring to obtain, in the dark, some evidence in favour of some pre-conceived notion. Time alone will_ show whether or not this notion is well founded. But it appears to me certain that, whether it is or not, all that the board will succeed in doing is in drawing fees. Simply this and nothing more. THE ways of courts-martial are to the ordinary mind past finding out. Recently an inquiry was made by one of these into the conduct of a surgeon on board the warship Ringarooma. It appears that the officer placed the captain of the steamer on the sick list. The latter gallant officer declined to be so placed, and in turn placed the surgeon under arrest. One would have thought that the principal point to be decided in this case was whether or not the noble captain's mental or physical health was such as to justify the surgeon in his action. But the Solons who conducted the inquiry decided not to permit any questions as to the captain's health to be asked. The end of it was that the surgeon was dismissed from the service. It is no wonder that the result of an inquiry, in the course of which the main point to be settled was quietly ignored, has given very general dissatisfaction. SOME of the antics of the new woman are by no means such as to commend them to the ordinary man or woman with their oldfashioned notions of propriety. For ladies to play cricket among themselves for exercise may not be objectionable, but when they come to form themselves into clubs to go travelling round and playing in public, even if part of the gate money is given in charity, the case is altogether different. The remarks of naughty barrackers on the ladies' play were by no means complimentary. I see, too, that in England teams of ladies have been formed to play football in public. I hope the colony will be saved from this. Lady cricketers are bad enough, but ladies in a rough and tumblefootball scramble, to the accompaniment of the shrieks of barrackers, is something to actually shudder at. It is to be hoped the notion will not be taken up in Victoria. PHOTOGRAPHY, some persons assert, will materially help humanity to solve some difficult problems. The Rev. Mr. Haweis, in a recent lecture, contended that sooner or later the camera would decide the question as to whether or not there were ghosts. Thus he said that, as the sensitive film in the camera reveals stars which cannot be seen by the human eye, aided by a telescope, so he contends that the same film may reveal shapes which the human eye cannot see, if there be any such. But the lecturer took care to point out that in nothing is deception more easy than in connection with photography. So be careful, said the lecturer, to see that there is no tampering with the slides, and when you want to photograph a ghost do the work yourself. Grood advice this, and when you go ghost-raising with a camera be careful to profit by it. IN other directions it would appear, too, as if the camera has done good work. Thus we are told:— M. Bertillon, the famous criminal detector, is credited with a clever elucidation of a possible Parisienne mystery. His method was rather ghastly, but amply justified by the success attendant on it. A man was found dead in bed a few days ago with a bullet wound in his mouth, and a revolver fast clutched in his right hand. Suicide was the prompt verdict of the police officers, but an investigation of the dead man's affairs showed no motive for self-destruction, and, to the certain knowledge of those nearest and dearest to the dead man, he had never reckoned a revolver amongst his worldly jossessions. Of course he might have jought one for the occasion; and, td prevent further doubt as to the manner of his end, it was advisable to ascertain whether he did so. M. Bertillon hit upon a plan. He had the corpse taken out of the bed, dressed it in the deceased's ordinary garments, and set it in a chair. After arranging the hair on its head, stage paints were applied to the corpse's face, its eyes opened, and the result photographed. The cast was then sent to every gunsmith in Pans, and within 12 hours one of the fraternity recognised in the photograph a recent customer, and this witness identified the weapon from which the fatal bnllets had been fired as the one purchased at his store by the deceased. ON all sides one hears of the rift in the cloud of depression. Thus we are told that there are evidences of an improvement in the revenue returns, more especially in those which indicate increased purchasing power on the part of the community. A healthier tone is said to pervade business, a greater demand for property is reported, and an advance is said to have taken place in colonial securities in London. All these statements may be true, and the silver lining to the cloud may be showing. But I confess I cannot see it. It may be that I am mentally short-sighted, or that my pessimistic temperament may obscure my judgment. Of course, I do not expect the depression to last for ever. But I can see but little prospect of a return to a more prosperous state of affairs until there has been some substantial rise in the value of the colony's productions. I may be all wrong, and, indeed, I hope I am. Still?! feel justified in stating my views on. this matter, erroneous though they may out to be, THERE appears now to be every probability that the income tax will not produce as much rt-evehue as was anticipated when it was introduced, I confess I am not sorry for this. To my mind the one incentive to continued ^ retrenchment in various directions in State affairs is shortness of cash. So long as there is some little difficulty in finding funds with which tne colony can pay its way, so long will care be exercised in the State expenditure. Once let money to carry on with be plentiful, and farewell to further retrenchment. Therefore the fact that the returns from the income tax are not likely to be quite up to expectations is by no means an unmixed evil. That, at least, is how the matter strikes me. THE following lines maynotbe the highest kind of poetry—nay, more, they may be the reverse, doggerel— but they contain a good deal of truth in them, and as containing such, and not as a specimen of poetry, I clip them out and submit them to my readers:— LITTLE BY LITTLE. The constant drop of water Wears away the hardest stone; The constant gnaw of Towser Masticates the toughest bone. The constant cooing lover Carries oB the blushing maid; And the constant advertiser Is the one who gets the trade. TAPLEY. 