DIPPING THKIU YARDS IN THE ENORMOUS SEAS. Of the rsat, one or two went down among ths Western Isles and bscame wreok there, their crews, or part of tbem, maklog their way throogh Scotland to Flandero. Others went north to Shetland or the Furoo Islands. Between thirty and forty were tempted in upon tho Irish ooaite. Thero were Irishmen in the float, who muit hare told them that thoy would find the water thoro for which thoy were porlshtng, safe harbors, and a friendly Catholic people; and they found either harbors whhffi thoy oonld not reach or saa-wasbed sands and reefs. Thoy wsre all wrecked at various places between Donegal and tho Itiaiksts. Something liko eight thousand half-drowned wretcbea STRUGGLED ON SHORE ALIVE. 51aoy wers gojtiemen, richly dressed, with velvet ooats, gold chain and rings. The common sailors and toldicrs had been paid their wages before they started; each had a bag of ducats lashed to his wain when ho landed through the surf. The wild Irish of the coast, tempted by the booty, koocked unknown numbers of thsm on the bead with their battleaxc, or stripped theu naked und left them to die of tbo cold. Ou one long sand strip in Sligo an KugUah officer counted ELEVEN HUNDRED BODIES, and ho hsaid that there wcro as many more a few mile distant. The bethx- educated of tho Ulster chiefs, the O'ltourke and O'Donnell, hurried down to stop the butohery and spare Ireland the ihamoof murdering helpless Catbolio friends. Many— how many ciuaot bo said— found protection in their outlss. But even so it seemed a if some loexorablo late pursued all wbo had aaiUd iu that doomed expedition. Alonzo de Leyva, with half a hundred yooog Bpatush nobles of high rank who wore under his special chaige, made hie way fa a gal teas into Killibeg. lie was himieU disabled In Iaodlng. O'Donnoil received and took caro of him aud his compamout. After to- malnlng lu O'Doaaell'a castle for a mouth he rcoovered. The weather appeared to mend. The gallesij was patched up, aod Do Lsyva ventured an attempt to make his way (n her to Scotland. He had patood the wont danger, and Scotland was alraos. In sight ; bnt Kate would bare its viotims. Tbo galleasi struck a rook off Danince and went to pieces, and Don Aloaza and the prinoely youths wbo had sailed with him were WASHED ASHORE, ALL DEAD, to fiod an unmarked grave In Antrim. Most pitiful of all was the fate of those who fell into the bands of the English garrisons la Gal way aad Mayo. Galleons had found their way into Galway Bay ; one of them had retched Galway itself, the crewa half doad with famine, and offer ing a ci«k of wtoe foe a oask of water. The Galway townsmen were human aad tried to feed and care for them. Most were too far gooo to be revived, and died of exhaustion. Some might have re covered, but recovered they would beadasger to the State. Tho English In the "West of Ireland were bat a handful in the midst of a sullen, hslf- oonanercd popu lation. The ashes of tho Derm ond rebel lion wore still smoking, and Dr Sanders and hi Ligatine Commission were fresh in immediate memory. The defeat of the Armada in the Channel could only hare been taguely heard of. All that Englioh officers Mold hen accurately known must hare been that an enormous expedition had been sent 0 England by PhlUp to restore the Pope; and Spaniard, thsy fcund, were lauding in tboutauds in the mMnt oi them with arms nod money ; diiinwscd for the moment, bnt sure, if allowed time to get their strength again, toaeiCoonaught in a blaze. They had ao fortretsea to hoM ... means of feeding them, no men to tpare- to escort t tram to Dublin. They were rapes sthlo to the Queen's Government for the safety of tho country. The Spaniards had not come on any ereand ot meroy to her or here. Tho stem order went out to KILL 1HEU ALL Wherever they might be found, and two thou- and or more were shot, haagod, or put to the word. The sixty ahfps which bad followed tho San Martin succeeded at last la Retting round Cape Clear, but In a condition scarcely lees miserable that that of their companions who had perished in Ireland. Half their companies died— died of nntended wounds, hunger, thirst and famine fever. The sur vivors were moving skeletons, more shadows sod ghosts thai living men, with scares strenath left them to draw a rope or handle a tiller. In some ships there wai no water for fourteen days. The weather in the lower latitude lost part of its violenoe, or out one of them would have seen Spain again As it woe, they drifted on ontaide Scilty and fato the Bty ef Biscay, and in tha aeooad vrook in September they dropped im ono by one. 