MRS. TREGASKISS A NOVEL OF ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN LIFE. Bt MRS. CAMPBELL PKAED. Authoress of 'An Australian Heroine,' 'Policy and Passion,' 'Nadine,' 'Miss Jacobsen's Chance,' ' Arina,' ' The Romance of a Station,' and (in conjunction with Mr. Justin McCarthy) 'The Right Honorable,' 'The Ladies' Gallery,' &c;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. Ail rights reserved.] Chapter XX.— Gladys Pleads. ' Ambrose Blanchard bowed profoundly. Gladys half rose and held out her hand. ' Mr. Blanchard and I have met in England,' she said. Mrs. Cusack was all amazement. 'And you never told us,' she exclaimed reproach fully to the young man. 'And when we were all so excited at hearing of Mrs. Tregaskiss's English friend. We don't often have sucli visitors on the Leura,' she added turning to Gladvs. 'I think it is very strange of Mr. Blanchaid to have kept so close about you.'1 ' Not at all strange,' replied Gladys with Belf-possession. ' There are other Mrs. Hilditches in the world. It is a very common name, and I have several sisters-in-law. Come,' she said, making a dexterous move ment which swept her squatter's chair well back into the shadow of a vine, and motioning . with a little imperious air to Blanchard to obey her signal, 'do sit down and tell me everything that has happened to you s'nee we met.' ^ He drew another chair beside her. Far less composed than she, it was a minute or two before he answered. That moment of silence was big with memories. To Ambrose Blan chard Gladys Hilditch had represented the supreme temptation of his life ; he had fled from her in distrust of himself, and, as she believed, in scorn of her. 'There is not much to tell,' he said. 'I've knocked about -and roughed it a good deal, and I made a little money at the gold fields and then lost it. Now I am herd learning some tiling about the management of sheep with an idea of going into partnership with Borne Lkely-persOD later on.' He paused, and she said nothing. Now that they were out of the range of Mrs. Ciisack's eyes she made no attempt to keep up the farce and play her part of a tourist amused at and inquisitive about everything around her., ' It is very good of you,' he added, *' to be interested in my doings.' Still she made no reply. ' Have you — have yon,' he asked nervoush', 'seen anything of my people?' 'You know we gave up Felmarshee,' Gladys returned, without directly answering his question. 'I had not heard. But of course there must have been a difference.'-' lie said vaguely. 'I know nothing ; nobody has written.' 'I heard from Gertrude not long ago. She said they had had a letter from you.' 'Poor Gertrude. I conclude that my father has forbidden her to hold communica tion with his renegade son.' ' She says that she is bound by her promise to him. I think she interprets it rattier too literally.' ' Well, I suppose that a wife is bound to . obey her husband, 'he returned. 'I confess that I had little hope of any good coming from her intercession. However, her boy will be the gainer — though that was not the point. But I have nothing to say against Gertrude,' ho added. 'She was a very good step mother.' 'Oh, yes, Mrs. Blanchard would perform always what was in her bond,' said Gladys, '? but she would not do anything more, especially if it were against her own interest.' 'Perhap3you don't know anything about my father— poor old chap ?' Blanchard spoke with feeling. ' I know that he is looking dreadfully aped, and though he is as hard as a rock and will never go back from his word I am sure he frets a good deal about you.' 'Then you haveseen him?' cried Blanchard eagerly. ' I went down to see him, and it was ho who told me where you were. I xvantcd to be able to give you the last news of him if we (should meet.' ? ' That was good of you. But ? So it was of no use ?' ' No, it was of no use. If you want to do any good yon must go homo.' 'I can't do that, Blanchard answered. 'I am like my father amd I cannot go back from my word. He was looking ill, you say.' 'Yes, infirm and- broken. Mr. Blanchard, do not l-e etubborn {go home and be reconciled to your father.' 'I cm afraid that is impossible,' lie answered. There was a. pause, and then he said, 'I am verv glad since you decided to visit Australia that you should have come where we were certain to meet.' 'I— of course I should naturally want to be with Clara Tregaskiss. We were girls together.' 'I remember your Mling me that you had a friend in Australia ; but I only learned the other day that it was Mrs. Tregaskiss.' Again there was a pause. He went on in a conventional tone, ' iTou must have been sorry to give up Felmarshes.' 'No; I was not sorry.' She added, 'It was while we were in Egypt that winter, after you left, that Mr. Hilditch got so much worse. We never went back to Felmarshes again.' ' I was very sorry to hear of your loss,' he said, still conventionally. ' Oh, don't let iv- talk as if we stood quite outside the truth of everything,' Gladys ex claimed, her whole manner changing aashe turned her eyes on him for an instant in piercing reproach. ' You wntsf know how I feel about it, and how I have hated myself. But I ? ,' she faltered, and there came into her voice the break as of tears, 'I tried to do what I could for him.' 'Indeed, I am sure of that.' ' I don't know why you should be so sure of it,' she answered with a sad iittlo laugh. 'Your opinion can't have altered much and you never thought well of me in old days— not even as well, perhaps, as I deserved. You never gave me credit for being sincere about anything. You looked upon me as a mere vain, heartless creature of moods,, living for the distraction of the hour, and_ taking my moral hasheesh in whatever form it happened to offer itself— society, gambling, amateur philanthropy, religion, preaching women's wrongs.' 'Or breaking men's hearts,' he put in bitterly. ' Yes, I know what you are thinking of. Well, I'll admit it; breaking men's hearts, if you choose.' Her voice had become hard and she spoke with a defiant accent. ' It was a bad business, that of your friend the Socialist. It cured me of my East- End mania, and of un democratic tendencies. It cured me of other things besides.' 'Don't,' he exclaimed, half stretching out his hand as though her words and manner hurt him. 'Yes, I know. You are thinking that {I am as heartless as ever, that I am glorying perhaps at this moment in the thought that a man killed himself because of me. You mean 4 me to know that; you did not spare me. I got his letter, and the rest. The outside envelope told me that you had sent it — that you hiid guessed I was the woman who ' had treated him 'cruelly.' I knew, too, that he was the reason you never came to see me any more. ' ' Ironside was my friend— and I saw him lying dead.' 'Do you think,' she cried, ' that I haven't seen him lyinsr dead, too — night after night in my dreams — and when I have wakened up in the darkness cold and trembling with terror. Do you know that I nearly died of the horror of it; and do you fhiuk, too, that would have happened if I had met you before I met him ?' 'I don't know. How can I tell? I sup pose a bird of prey must obey its instincts ?' ' A bird of prey ! Oh, you arc cruel !' She leaned back in her chair, drawing her body together with a slight shudder. For several minutes neither sj-oke. A lamp was moved within and the light of it streamed through the French window on to Gladys' face. It gave him a shock to see how her f acc had changed, and how that sudden look of age and bitter experience had come upon it. Just then there was a noise and stir as Mr. Cusack, followed by some of the gentlemen who had remained in the dining room, came out and spoke to a trooper out side. He had to report news communicated by a traveller at the huts to the effect that the unionists, hearing that the station was so well guarded, had abandoned their warlike purpose and were quietly dispersing. The incident occasioned some nutter in the verandah, and under cover of it Gladys rose, withdrawing from the light. Blanchard got up too and was making a formal excuse for leaving her, but she stopped him. ' No, no. What does it matter about the unionists? I felt that the prospect of an attack was too good to come true. It would have been exciting ; but I am doomed to be disappointed. . Aren't you saying to yourself, 'That is just how she used to be ; the bird of prey instincts are strong in her still?' 'No,' ho replied. 'I am sorry I said that. I see that it ivounded you. ' 'Comeoutintothe?arden,'shesaidabruptly. ' I see there people walking about. I can make out Dr. G-eneste, and is it Clare — or pretty Miss Cusack? Ah, it's Clare. I wonder you did not fall in love with Miss Cusack. But perhap3 you have fallen in love with her.' He made an impatient gesture of denial. They were in the garden now, walking be tween the little avenue of orange trees. Gladys stopped to comment upon the stars— to ask questions about the southern constella tions. She thought the Southern Crossover rated ; and she had seen nothing on the Leura yet in the matter of atmospheric effect com parable to the Egyptian afterglow. She had observed also that the fashion of sleeves in the bush was in tho same Btago of evolution as in tho remoter districts of London. 'That means survival of monstrosity. Please ob serve the cut of mine. Tho sleeves in the London streets got on my nerves ; they were making me seriously ill, they and other things; it's always tho last straw you know. When I told my doutor he suggested a trip into the wilds of Africa or Australia. But you Bee that there is no escape for me. That little dark, prettyish, fifth-rate looking governess whom Mr. Tregaskiss seems to admire would do credit to Wcstlwurno Grove. There's one atrocity of civilisation, however, that I dou't find here. Cook hasn't yet vulgarised the blacks.' 'No doubt they arc being demoralised by more pernicious influences of civilisation.' He spoke awkwardly. Her inconsequent chatter, veiling, as he felt, an agitation she was afraid might master her, afflicted him terribly, and when she answered with her soft falsely strung laugh — 'Oh, of course human nature is theBame all the world over, and the vices of barbarism are pretty much what one finds them in London drawing rooms— I am beginning to discover that here already' — he exclaimed in impetuous answer — 'It is my turn now to beseech 'you that wo may not talk banalities. At least let us be true to ourselves/ 'Even to our vices?' she asked, laughing again, and then went on in a totally different tone— ' Yes, that's what I came to Australia for. I wanted to tell you the truth about some thing/' 'To tell me ?' he repeated. 'You can't excuse me this time of not being candid. It is not often a woman has the honesty to own to a man thct she has travelled twelve thousand mile?, more or less, on the chance of seeing him. Let us sit here.' She had halted at a seat under the passion vine to which he had almost unconsciously led her as the most retired which the garden o'Jered. He did not obey her invitation to place himself by her side, but stood leaning against the trnllis, and there was something aloof and judicial in his aspect— the result, in deed, of nervous tension and not of dis approbation — which goaded her to desperate frankness. ' I wanted to tell you the whole truth about my relations with Mr. Ironside. I never talked to you much about him. I did not know you were such great friends tili after everything was over. I never saw you together.' 'We were not much together at that time, and ' great friends' in the ordinary sense we wero not,' he answered stiffly. ' We had different grooves of action. I did not sympathise entirely with poor Ironside's methods, which latterly got too anarchic for my taste. As the demagogue I confess that he jarred upon me ; but as the man ? ' ' Ah, the man ! He was one by himself.' 'As the man, he influenced my life more than any other human being has done. It was he who first inoculated Bin with Socialistic theories — notions that I feel now to have been mistaken. He first brought home to me the virtue of. intellectual honesty and made me feel the absolute necessity of giving up the church. He was like the spark to the tow and his enthusiasm carried me along with the force of a high wind to a flame. Then I admit his immense resources, his power of organisation, his very fanaticism was inspiring.' ' He was a fanatic in everything,' assented Gladys. ' He was bound to die for something before reaching his prime— a cause perhaps as little worthy — as the woman,' Her voice dropped. 'It ia not heartlessness which makes me speak of him in that impersonal way,' she said gently. 'Please believe that. I have thought and felt so much about him that I have got to look upon him more as an instrument of late than an ordinary human being. For me too, in a very different way, he lias been a dytermimnginfluence.' Shestoi)ped. Blanchard seemed to be waiting for her to explain her self further. She began again, the words rushing forth impulsively, with scarcely any break. 'Mr. Blauchard, I want to say to you, in my own exten-aation, that you never gave mo a chance of saying before, at any rate you shall know the exact truth about it, and you shall think me then as bad as you please. I don't suppose, my conduct deserves to be ex tenuated, but I must say this. It was not vanity and greed of conquest which in the beginning made me see all I could of John Ironside. It— it was something of the the same kind of feeling which later' ? she hesitated ? 'later drew me to you. It was a coarse crude attempt at realising that feeling in him which was afterwards realised in you. Oh ! people make such a mistake in supposing that woman's instinct always guides them straight in matters of that kind. One's nature has a need, and the first attempt to 6atify it is as elementary often as the savage's fetish belief. I don't know how to make you understand ? ' 'I think I understand,' he said. 'You thought Ironside might help you, as you afterwards fancied — mistakenly too— that I might bo able to help you. Perhaps we might have helped you — ons or other of us — if we had been less human and you — a different sort of woman. ' ' Ah !' Almost a gleam of joy came into Gladys' face. ' Yes, you might have helped me,' she said slowly. 'You might have done a great deal for me. But you would not. You deserted me. John Ironside could not have helped me — in any real way. There was no real affinity. The elements of combination weren't there. It was an asoidental attraction — one that had nothing to do with spirit — though tho attraction was genuine enough at first. He happened to come into my life at a critical moment when I was in a mood of intense revulsion and when I was utterly rudderless. For the moment he dominated my nature and his charm for me was that for the first time I encountered what seemed a granite man. We acted and reacted upon each other. I think the influence must have had something electric in it.' 'Yours upon him was certainly of that kind.' 'In the beginning it was the fascination of repulsion, for him anyhow, I fancy. And then the poles changed. For me he was something positive, compelling. He forced life upon me in its hideousness, its reality, its magnificent power— life in the big thrilling sense, not in that of my drawing-room drama. He made me long to experience the grip of strong feeling, an intoxication which freed one from one's self. You know — no, you can't know or guess what my marriage was to me — the awful dead ness of it. Sometimes I feel that Clare Trc gaskiss knows and understands, but she is strong, she can hide what she suffers under that Btrange quiet smile, and I long to tell her, tojalk to her of it, and I dare not Oh, how one agonised for a breath of something pun gent. I tried to get it in— well, you know the sort of flirtations -a London xyouian falls into — and the kind of men— I tried everything to give me sensations— even to reading horrid French' novels, and then I went on a pilgrimage to Lourdes for my soul's healing. John Ironside was the person to appeal to me in that mood. There wasn't the least thought at first of making him love me. The East-End mania was genuine. Then there came a dread ful moment when that excitement palled and I saw another excitement straight in front of me— one I'd never had before. I saw that the granite was softening — that he was begin ning to care for me. I thought I should like to know what it felt like to be loved by such a man. I wanted — this is all I have got to put forward in extenuation here— I wanted to be made to care for him, to be strung up to some heroic endeavor, even to renunciation, I knew that was what love must mean— for me. I was never a wicked woman — in that Bense.' 'You need not tell me that,' he inter rupted hoarsely. ' Well, I told myself that a real affection — real interest— would be my salvation. I wanted to believe in his aims and to help him in them, to do some work, and anyhow devote some of my superfluous cash to the relief of those wretched starving creatures— you remember that strike winter ? But when I.saw that he was fighting against my influence, steeling himself and keeping away from me, the devil took me in possession and I wanted to win the battle. I determined that I would conquer and that he should own himself beaten. That was just before we tool: Feliuarshes.' Blanchard bowed his head. ' Well, you know, I heard you preach. I saw your face, so worn and so ' lifted' — I don't know how to express it. You've lost that look a good deal. It moved me— it was a Savonarola look. I got that sort of feeling about you— that you would be the person to go to in trouble. And then you came and dined with us— we had a lot of people, do you remember — the racing sot ? I was so ashamed of them. And we went to the manor. And then there was the fever in the village and you seemed to want to fling away your life in looking after tho ]wor people. Do you remember that autumn ?:l ' Don't let us speak of it,' he replied with emotion, 'I remember it all too well. Ire member your wonderful courage during that fever timo — your generosity and devotion, and how you seemed to be trying to khow me that under the frivolous mask and amidst all the luxury and thoughtless seliishuess of life in that palace on the hill there was the stuff of which ideals are made. I was wrong in saying that it was entirely Ironside who influenced me at that crisis in my life. You influenced me greatly too. Your words and ways and the trust you placed in me, undeserved as it was) forced me to be true to the highest standard I knew— that of sincerity.' 'And you preached that sermon — that won derful sermon which was like a bomb in the peaceful household. And you gave up every thing and were banished from your inheritance and went to work among the dockers in London. I have kept all the letters you wrote me then— all that I ever had from you.' He was visibly moved. ' I used to think,'1 she went on in a childlike way, 'that you were to me something of what Daniel Doronda was to Gwendolen.' 'Oh, do not say that,' he cried. ' It is true. I leaned on you in the same way.' 'I was not in the very least like Daniel Doronda.' 'No,' she laughed, 'you always said the conventional thing about him — that he was a woman's hero and not flesh and blood. Perhaps that is true, but it did not alter Gwendolen's feeling. If Daniel had had reason to believe Gwendolen insincere in her professions towards him and utterly unworthy in every way, no doubt ho would have acted like a man's man and he would have run away in anger and disgust and left her to her fate, even if there had been no Myra in the case.' ' There was no Myra in tho case,' said the young man in a stifled voice. 'No. there was only John Ironside. And when you found out that your Gwendolen had said the enrne things to John Ironside— almost as if you h;id appealed to him to teach her — quite differently, but then you would not have known that ; you would have thought it all just the same— all part of tho play— when you found that she had worked for him among the London poor as I did for you among the poor at Felmarshes., and all the time as a reason for getting into touch with you, only as the lure of a coquette, only to lead up to the thrill of a dramatic situation. 'Frightfully thrilling,' you know, .is Hilda Wango would say. But I forgot, you left England before Ibsen became the fashion. Oh, well, it was no wonder that you thought ? ' 'That you were preparing the same fate for me. ' 'With all the same art and the same guile. Oh, yes, you might have said to yourself that one tino day when the play begins to get wearisome this double-faced wretch will throw off her mask, and I shall see her as she is in her abominable selfishness and callous greed of power— just as he saw her at the last. You might very well have expected to find that she had only been amusing herself, playing a sort of game of chess with your sanctities, which, she had talked so finely about, just to make you. believe her a simple innocent creature ; and then, when she had checkmated you and the battle held no more interest, sweeping them off the board and bidding you go about your business and leave her to find a new amusement. Oh, how you would despise her ; how you would hate her !' 'No, never that,' he interrupted. 'And how you would glory in hurting her — as it was in your power alone to hurt her — with silent contempt. When she had humiliated herself — thrown herself at your feet ? ' Gladys' voice was choked. She threw her arms over the back of the seat and buried her face in them ; he could see that she shook with inward sobs. ' Not to hurt her,' he said, deeply troubled, 'but to save myself.' 'You did not give me credit for any human feeling,' ehe went on presently, lifting her head, but not looking at him. 'Did you think mo such an unnatural monster that I could bear to know myself ' the cause of a man killing himself and not die almost myself with shame and horror and remorse? You don't know how I suffered. Oh, you don't know how I suffered.' ' I can believe it — now.' 'If you had answered my letter— if you had come to see me just once again, I would have told you.' She spoke very low and her word* fell brokenly. 'It was you who opened my, eyes— at Feimarshes— you made mo want to bo ' good— to strive after the highest— affection. . It wasn't that kind of feeling ho had tor me. He let himself go mad, I think. One idea pos sessed him. He was the sort of strong man who, when he gives way, does bo utterly— allows himself to oe absorbed, overwhelmed^ by one desire. And when he can't gratify it— don't you understand? How could I foresee that he would want— that he would havo had me give up everything for him alto gether. He would not believe that I had never cared for him in that way. No, never, never for one instant. Thon I got reckless too and I told him just how it had been, and my badness and how I had purposely ab the end led him on. And then, how knowing you had made me realise .... I said I would do all I could to blot the remembranoa of htm out of my life. Then he said — things about you. He — it drove him wild. He said he would kill you— or himself— and the next I heard was that he was dead . . . And I tried to make you know— and you would not ? ' 'Ah!' Blanchard cried. 'I understand I There was something that was always a mystery— something between him and me — the night he shot himself. I know now.' Gladys got up and stood before htm. 'I have told 3-ou. And I have nothing more to say. I came all the way to say this — all the way to Australia. Try not— not to think so hardly.' Her words seemed to melt into a sob. She turned swiftly and was some paces from him before he spoke. 'Gladys,' ho called; but sha would nob ? turn back and he saw her white form vanishing like a ghost behind the orange trees. Chapter XXI.— The Fire. Trogaskiss was sleeping tho heavy sleep of the inebriate. He had finished up the even ing without the restraining influence of ladies' society in tho bachelors' auarters, had coma late to his room, and had thrown himself only half undressed on the bed oulside the cover lid beside his sleeping wife. The long journey iu the heat and physical fatigue had made Clare drowsy. When she awoke towards the small hours it was to the sound of the baby's wail and to thatof her husband's stertorious and fume-laden breathing'. She had boon dream ing a most poetic and tender dream, in which she and Geneste were wandering together by the banks of a broad blue lake, which she imagined to be Lake Eungela, with heavenly moonlight streaming down upon the waters and a gentlu wind ruffling its surface into tiny waves, which threw back opaline rays from their crests of foam. It was some moments before she could convince horself which was dream and which reality. She drew the baby to her side, hushed and fed it from the bottle placed in readiness, and presently it went to sleep again. The night was very warm ; she was drowsy still, but the inert form beside herbroughb nightmare thoughts. Her observations of the evening evoked suggestions of possible freedom ' at which she recoiled' and which mercifully were only suggestions, never taking the form of definite desire. How could she wish for that which while both lived was only to be gained through wrongdoing ? The ghastly doubt pre sented itself. . . Was it in truth sin to obey Nature's ordinance whether in the higher or lower scale of being — the ordinance that bade the birds of the air choose their mates and till the offspring were fledged at least bo faith ful to them. Their offspring ? Hero lay the human responsibility. Claro touched the little soft sleeping thing beside her and wondered at the curious impersonal sort of feeling she had for it and wondered too if she would have felt differently had it been the child of the man she loved. She got up and put on her dressing gown and slippers and then lay down on the sofo before tho open window, gazing out into the velvety gloom. The sky was very dark. Clouda— those ineffectual stonu clouds— had obscured the stars, and the darkness seemed full of curious noises, rustlings, stealthy creepings, insect murmurings, distant cries of curlews and native dogs, sounds that only intensified the lonslincss of the summer night. Tlioso same thoughts which had visited Clare as she had lain awake at Cedar Hill waiting for her husband's coming to her now. In her mind's eye 6he seemed again to see written in everything Nature's law of dual oneness ; and in horrid mockery of the eternal pattern, modern man's law of marriage, the copy and the antithesis of it. Why should it bs a necessity of evolution the antagonism between nature and man? What was the good of revelation and theology and the so-called higher progress, if it only brought about this fundamental discord, upsetting the whole order and balance of the social universe, which had need but bo in harmony with Nature for the worst kind of pain to be 'done away with? What was the meaning, what the purpose of so much useless suffering? Did the generality of people suffer in the same manner, or was it that there wero certain - temperaments originally planned in harmony with tho great cosmic chords, to whom dis sonance was sheer spiritual agony ? Clare Trepraskiss's poor tormented soul, torn with love and longing and the upbraidings of conscience, jrroped helplessly in. a maze of those mysteries which from the time that the Sphinx propounded her question , havo been loft unsolved. Had she realised that the capacity to feel such pain, susceptibility to such discord, are the first dawniugs on the soul of a higher existence it is doubtful whether she would havo been greatly consoled. For the doctrine that to love most is to suffer keenest, and that to suffer most keenly is to be liberated soonest from the thrall of fleshly affections, does not appeal to the poor human, in his fir3t stage of regeneration. The thrall is dear ; the throb of passion sweet and love the divine has its feet on earth though its head be in heaven. Tiie conflict between soul and sense has ever furnished forth tho battle ground in which saints have been worsted and heroes overcome, and the cup of renunciation, offered though it be by ministering angels, has ever been the most unwelcome to the thirsty heart. Clare did not know how long she stayed on the sofa : she must have fallen asleep, or if not fancied she had done so while her eyes dropped, for when she looked out again the night show a feeble glow— a glimraor touching: the near trees that made her think it must be close on sunrise. The glow deepened more quickly and less steadily than that of daybreak; the shiny leaves of the orange trees seemed to quiver in it, and the tall feathers of the bamboos to standout illuminated as in a trans formation scene. Then Clare became alive to a curious faint roaring as of wind rushing afar* Could it be a cyclone she beard a long way oS ? But there was not that strange brooding and the feeling as of a world's breath drawn inward which heralds such a storm. But yet she fancied it had grown hotter, and ebe fancied, too, that she smelt enioke like that of twigs burning. Suddenly there was a startled clang, the big bell of the workings crashing through the stillness of night. Then came shouts at first indistinct from distance, then caught up nearer, and now sounding closer in the garden trad verandahs. ' Fire 1 Fire 1 The house is on fire J' (To be continued.) 