SONS OF FIRE. BY MISS BRADDON. Author of "Lady Audley's Secret," "The Fatal Three," "The Day will Come," "The Doctor's Wife," "Thou art the Man," &o.; CHAPTER XXI. "AXD THAT UNRESr WHIOH MEN MISCALL DELIGHT." Allan went back to Matcham sobered by grief, and longing for the comfort his betrothed oould give him, the comfort of sympathy and gentle words, the deeper comfort in the assurance of her love. Suzette looked very pale in her black fror-k when Allan appeared at Mareh House for the first time after his bereavement. They stood side by side in the grey light of a hopelessly dull day, finding but little speech in the sadness of this first meeting. " My darling, you have been grieving for my grief,"hesaid tenderly, looking into the dark eyes, noting the tired look as of many teare, the eharper line of the cheek, the settled pallor, where a lovely carmine had been wont to come and go like warm light. " My dearett, you have lost all your roses—and for my eake. For me those dear eyes have known sleepless nights, those lovely cheeks have gTOwn pinohed and pale." "Do you think that I could help being sorry for you, Allan,'' she murmured, with downcast eyelids. "You had no other oauBe for sorrow, I hope." " No, no; only in every life there are saddening intervale. I was sorry for your sake— sorry that I was never to see your father again. I liked him so much, Allan. Aud then somehow I got into a low-spirited way, and old Dr. Podmore gave me a tonio which made my head aohe. I don't know that it had any other effect." • "Suzette, it was oruelof you not to tell me that you were ill." "Oh, I was not to say ill. Why6hould I worry you about euoh nonsense ? I was only below par. That is what Or. Podmore called it. But please don't talk about me, Alji»n. Talk to me of yourself and of your poor mother. She is coming to stay with you, I hope." " Yes, she is coming to me next week. Eow is Mrs. Wornock? Do you go to her as much as ever ?" "AlmoBt as much. She seems so dependent upon ms for companionship, poor soul. I am the only girl she has taken to—as people say." " What a wise woman to ohoose the moat charming girl in the world." "If you said in the Matcham world it would not be a stupendous compliment." " Nay, I mean the world. I challenge the universe to produce mo a second Suzette. And Geoffrey, your violin player, has he been much at home?" _" Not very much. Please don't call him my violin player. I have cot played a single accompaniment for him since you objeoted. I have been very dutiful." "Don'ttalkof doty. It is love thatl want: J love witbont alloy ; love which, being full of foolishness itself, can forgive a lover's baseless jealousy." " AUan, have I ever been unforgiving ?" " No, ycu have borne with my tempers'. You have been all that is kind and sweet— but I sometimes wish you would be angry with me. Would that there were a girl in Matcham handsome enough to admit of your jealousy! How desperately I would flirt with tbat girl!" Her wan smile was not encouraging. " Is he etill as devoted to his fiddle ? Does he talk of Tartini, Spontini, De Bsriot, as other men talk of Salisbury or Gladstone?" " I have seen very little of him; but he ie a tanatio about music. He inherits his mother's passion, "His poor mother," sighed Allan. "She is so fond of you—almost as fond ee ehe is of her own eon." "That's not possible, Suzie." "Well, the eon must be first, of oourse; but, indeed, she is very fond of you, Allan." " Dear soul, it is for old sakes' eake. I'll tell you her poor little innocent secret, Sazie. Yon, who are the other half of my 6oul have a right to know all things which gravely interest me. Only jon must be discretion itself, and you must never breathe a word of blie. Wornock's story to my mother." And then he sat down by her side in the comfortable oornor by the old-fashioned fireplace, fenced oS from all the outer world bv a Japenete soreen, on which Choti aud an army of smaller devils grinned and capered against a black satin background, and he told her tenderly, but only in outline, the story of his father's first love, and Eipsranza'a all-toowilling sacrifice. "It was generous—but a mistake," he said n conclusion. "She gave up her own happiess, dashed away the cup of joy when it was at her lips. She was nobly unselfish, and he spoilt two lives. Suoh sacrifices never nswer." " Do you really believe that, Allan?" asked uzette, looking at him with a startling inensity. " I really do. I have never known a case in hioh self-surrender of that kind has ended ell. A mas and woman who love each other a e should be true to each other and their mutual love. All worldly considerations should be aa naught. If a man truly loves a beggargirl let him marry her, and don't let the beggar girl drawback under the idea that he would do better by marrying a duchesB." "But if two people love each other—who are otherwise bound and fettered, who cannot be happy without breaking older ties" "Ah, that's a different thing. Honouroomes into thequestion, and there mnst be sacrifices. The world would be a pandemonium if incli nation went before honour. I am talking of love weighed against worldly wisdom, against poverty, against rank, race, wealth. Yoa can understand now why Mrs. Wornock's heart went out to me from the beginning of our acquaintance—why she has accepted mealmost as a second son." Allan's Matcham friends were enthusiastic in their weloome, and cordial in their expres' sions of sympathy. It may be that the increase of means and importance which had come to him by his father's death was no small factor in the opinion of the village and its environs. A man who had an estate, in Suffolk and who lived at Matcham for his own pleasure was a personage; and Matcham goRsip did not fail to exaggerate the unseen Suffolk estate, and to talk of the Beechhuret property as a mere bagatelle, a windfall from a maternal uncle, hardly worth talking about, as oompared with Fendyke and its vast acre age. " Lady Emily has the house and hame farm for her life," Mrs. Mornington explained, with the privileged air of Allan's intimate friend; but the hulk of the estate passed at once to Mr. Carew. My niece has done very well for herself after all." The last words, oareleesly spoken, implied that in the first instanoe Mr. Carew had been rather a poor match for Miss Vinoent. " I suppose this sad event will delay the marriage ?" " For two or three months, perhaps. The; were to have been married at midsummer, when Suzette will come of age; bnt she tell* me ehe would not think of marrying Allan till at leaat half b year after his father's death. She talked of a year, but that would be simply absurd. Ihe wedding oan be as quiet as they like." "Yes, of course," murmured assenting friends, sipping Mrs.. Mornington's Ceylon tea, and despondently foreseeing the stern necessity of wedding presents, without the poor compensation of ohampagne, ices, wedding-cake, and a crowd of fine gowns and new bonnets. They would have positively no equivalent for their money. Suzette pleaded bard for a year's delay. "It would be more respeotful to him whom you have lost, and it would be more pleasing to your mother," she said. " No, Suzette, my mother would rather see me happy than saorifioe my happinesB to conventionality. Half a year is a long timo for a man whoBe life seems a thing of shreds and patches, waiting the better, fuller life that be longs for. I shall remember my dear father with no less affection. I shall no less regret his loss, when you and I are one. We can be married quietly at 9 o'clock in the morning, before Matcham people have finished breakfast, with only your fathez and aunt and my mother for witnesses; and we oan Blip away from the station in the fresh September morning on the first stage of our journey tu Como. Such a lovely journey at that season, Suzie! It will still be summer in Italy, and we can stay late in October, till the grapes are all gathered and the berceaus are getting bare, and then we oan come back to Matcham to our own cosy fireside, and amuse ourselves with the arrangement of the house. It will be as new to me as it will be to you, Suzie, for only when you are its mistress will it be home." i Suzette could hardly withhold her consent, her lover being so earnest. It- was settled that the marriage should take place early in September ; aud this baing decided the current of life flawed smoothly on, Allan spending more of his days at Mareh House, The Grove, and Discombe than in his own house, except when Lady Emily was with him. Disoombe was by far the most delightfol of these three houses in oot-of-door weather, pleasant as were Mrs. Mornington's carefully tended ground aud ahrubbery, her verandah and spacious conservatory. The gardens at Discombe had that delicious flavour of the old world and that absolute seclusion that oan never be enjoyed in grounds that are within earshot of'a bigh-road. At Disoombe the long grass walks, the walls of ilex and of yew, the cypress avenues and marble t°mpleB were isolated amidst surrounding woods, nearly a mile away from the traffic of everyday life. There was a sense of quiet and privacy here compared with whioh Mann House and The Grove were scarcely superior to the average villa in a newly developed suburb. The seasons waxed and waned ; the month of stay, when the woodland walks around Disoombe were white witii the featherv bloom of the mountain ash, and golden With the scanted blossoms of the yellow azalia ; and June, which filled the woodland avenues with a flush cf purple rhododendrons, masses of bloom,- in an asoendicg eoale of colour from the deep oass of darkest purple to the alto of palest lilac; and July, with her lap full of roses that made the gardens a scene of enchantment. " I always tell the gardeners that if they give me roses I will forgive them all the rest," said Mrs. Wornock, when Allan complimented her upon her banquet of bloom; arohes of roses, festoons of roses, temples built of roses, rases in bods and borders, everywhere. " But your men are model gardeners; they neglect nothing." In this paradise of flowers Allan and Suzette dawdled away two or three afternoons in every week. Discombe seemed to Allan always something of an enchanted palace—a place upon which there lay a glamour and a epeli, a garden of sleep, a grove for woven paces and weaving hands, a spot haunted by sad sweet memories, raled over by the genius of love, faithful in disappointment. Mrs. Wornock's personality gave an atmosphere of sadness to the house in whioh she lived, to the gardens in which she pacyd to and fro with slow, meditative steps; but it was a not unpleasiug sadness, and it suited Allan's mood in this quiet summer of waiting while grief for the loss of his father was Btill fresh in his mind. Lady Emily came to Disoombe on several occasions, and now that Mrs. Wornock's shyness had worn off - with all those agitations which were inevitable at a first meeting—the two women were very good friends. It was difficult for any one not to take kindly to Lady Emily Carew, sndsheou her side was attracted to Mrs. Wornock, fascinated by a nature so different from hor own. and by that reB6rve force of genius which gave fire and pathos to Mrs. Wornock's playing. Lady Emily listened with moietened eyes to the "Sonata Pathetica," and Mrs. Wornook showed a cordial interest in the Bliclding Park and Wocdbastwiek cows—which gave distinction to the Fendyke dairy farm. "Pure white, with lovely blaok muzzles— and splendid milkers!" protested Ladv JBmily. "I was taught that thing you plav, dear Mrs. Wo rnoek, but my playing was never good for much, even when I wes having two lesRons a week from poor Sir Julius. Ho was only Mr. Benedict when he taught me, and he was almost young. Geoffrey made meteoric appearances at Discombe during those quiet summer months, and his presence seemed to make everybody uncomfortable. There was a restlessness, a Eupprfc&sed; fever, about him whioh mode sensitive people nervous. Dearly though his mother loved him, and gladly as ehe welcomed his reappearance upon the sseneof her life, ehe was always Buttered aud anxious while he was under her roof. His leave expired early in July, but instead of joiciug his regiment, whioh had returned to England, and was now quartered at York, he sent ia his papers without telliDg hie mother or anybody else what he was doinir, aud would not reconsider his decision when asked to do so by his colonel. He told his mother one mornieg it breakfast in quite a casual way that he bad left the army. "Oh, Geoffrey!" she exclaimed with a shocked look. I hope you are not sorry. I thought it would please you for me to be my <Arn master, able to epend more of my life with you." "Dear Geoffrey, I am very glad on that acoount; but I'm afraid it is a selfish gladness. It wa3 better for you to have a profession. Everybody told me so years ago, when I wa9 eo grieved at your going into the army." " That is a way everybody has of saying smooth things. Weil, mother, I am no longer a soldier. India was pleasant enough —there was a smack of adventure, a possibility of fighting — but I could not have endured garrison life in an English town. I would rather mope at home." " Why should you icopo, Geoff?" "Yes, why? I am free to go east, west, north, or south. T 6uppoBe there need be no moping now." " Bat you wiil be often at home, won't you, dear? Or else I shall be no gainer by your leaving the army." "Yes, I will ba here ss often and as much as—as I can bear it." He had risen from the breakfast table, and was walking up and down the room with that light careless step cf his which seemed in perfect harmony with his tall slim figure. He was very pale, and hie eyes were brighter than usual, and there was a quick restlessness in the smile that flashed across his face now and again. "Bo I bore you so much, Geoffrey?" his mother askod, with a wounded look. " You bore me ! No, no, no ! Oh, surely you know how the land lies. Surely this fever cannot have beea eating up my heart nd my strength all this time without your yes eesing and your heart pympsthizing. You must know that I love her." " I feared as much, my poor Geoffrey." | No name had been spoken, yet mother and eon understood eaoh other. "You feared! Great Cod, why should it be a reason for fear? Here am I, young, rioh, my own master—and here is Bhe as free as she is fair—free to be my wife to- morrow, except for this tie which is no tie—a foolish engagement to a man she never loved." " Has she told you that. Geoffrey?" " Not ehe. Her lips are locked by an overstrained sense of bonour. She will marry a man for whom she doesn't care a straw. She will be miserable all her life, or at best ehe will have missed happiness, and on her deathbed she will boast to her parish priest, ' I have kept my word.' Poor pretty Puritan. She thinks it virtue to break my heart and grieve her own." "You have told her of your love, Geoffrey." "Yes." "That was dishonourable." "Nomore than it was to love her. I am a lump cf dishonour—I an made up of lies; but if she had an ounce of pluck there need be no more falsehood. She has only to tell him the truth, the Bad simple truth. 'I never loved you, I have let myeelf be persuaded into an engagement, but I never loved you.'" That would break Allan's heart. "It would be bad to bear, no doubt, but not as bad so the gradual revelation that must come upon him in theyears af termarriage. She may be able to deceive him now, to delude him with the idea that she loves him; but how about the long winter evenings by their own fireside, and the dull nights when the rain is oa the roof? A woman may hide her want of love before marriaxe, but by heaven she can't hide it after. God help him when he finds that he has a victim, and not a wife." " Poor Allan! But how do you know she does not care for bim—or that she cares for you?" " How do I know that I live and breathe, that this is I?' touching himself with an impatient tap of those light restless fingers. '•] know it. I have known it more or lesa from the time we played those duets—the dawn of knowledge and of love. To know each oth6r was to love. We were born for each other. Allan, with his shadowy resemblance tome, was only my forerunner, like the man one sees in the street, the man who reminds one of a dear friend half an hour or bo before we meet that very friend. Allan taught her to like the type. She never loved him. In me she reoognises the individual, fated to love her and to be loved by her." "Dear Geoffrey, this is mere guesswork. "No! It is instinct, intuition, dead certainty.^ I tell you — once, twice, a thousand times, if you like, she loves me, and she doesn't love him. Tax her with it, pluck out the heart of her mystery. .This hollow sham, this simulacrum ot love, muBt not go on to marriage. Talk to her as woman to woman, as mother to daughter. I tell you it must not go on. It is driving me mad." *' I will do what I can. Poor Allan, bo good, so true-hearted." " Am I false-hearted or vile, mother? Why should Allan be all-in-all to you?" " He ia not all-in-all. You know you are the first, always the first, in my heart; but I am very sorry for Allan. If what you tell me ie true he is doomed to be most unhappy. He is so fond of her. He has placed all his hopes of happiness upon bis marriage—and they are to be married in little more than a month. It will be heartless to break it off. " If it isn't broken off there'll be a tragedy. I will rush between them at the altar. The lying words shall not be spoken. I would rather shoot him—or ber—than that she should perjure herself, swear to love another while.ehe loves only me!" "Geoffrey, now do you know? How can you be sure ?" "Our bauds bave touched; our eyes have met. That is enough." He walked oat of the window to the garden, and from the garden to the stables, where he ordered his dogcart. His servant kept a portmanteau always ready packed. He left Discombe within an hoar of that oonversation with hiB mother, and he was on his way to London before noon. The first intimation of his departure which his mother received was a note which she found on the luncheontable. "I am off to the Hartz for a fortnight's tramp. Remember something mnst be done to hinder this marriage. I shall return before the middle of August, and shall expeot to find all settled. "Address, Poste Restante, Harzburg. CHAPTER XXII. REJECTED. The time was drawing near. The coin was cut and carried in many a broad sweep of hot chalky soil, and summer's branding Bun had burnt up the thin grass on the wide bare down, where never shadow of tree or bush made a cool spot in the expanse of light and heat and dryness. The mysterious immemorial Stone yonder on Salisbury Plain stood up against a background of cloudless blue; and every winioir of the cathedral in the valley winked and flashed in thesacshine. Only in the sober old close and the venerablo gardens of a bygone generation, within hedges that dead hands had planted, trees whose growth dead eyes had watched, was thero ooolness or shelter, of the gentle slumbering feeling of summer afternoon in its restful perfection. Here in the antique drawing-room ' Mrs. Mornington and her nieoe were taking tea after a morning with tailor and dressmaker. "There never was such a girl for not-caringness as this girl of mine " said Mrs. Mornington with a 7exed air. " If it had not been for me I don't think she would have had a new frock in her trousseau, and as she is a very prim personage about "lingerie,' and has a Urge stock of Parisian prettiness in that line, there would really have beennothing to buy." " Rather a relief I should think," laughed Mrs. Canon, who was giving them tea. 'A most delightful state of things," asserted Mrs. Sub. Dean, proud mother of half a dozen daughters, in which opinion agreed a country lady, aleo rich in daughters. "Ah, you are all against' me!" said Airs. Mornington; " but there is a great pleasure in buying things especially when one ie spending somebody else's mosey. " "Poor papa,"eighcd Suzette." "My aunt forgets that he ie not Crcssus." " Look at the girl's wretched pale face !" cried Mrs. Mornington. " Would any one think that she was going to be married to a most estimable young man, an<? the best match in the neighbourhood—except one?" At those two last words Snzette'a cheeks flamed crimson, and the feminine conclave looking at her felt Ehe was being cruelly used by this strong-minded aunt of hers. ' " I don't think the nicest girls are very keen about their trousseau," eaid the country lady with a fnrtive glance at a buxom freckled daughter, who had lately become engaged, and who had already begun to disouss houselinen and frocks with a largeness of ideaB that alarmed her parents. ''Yes; but' there is a difference between caring too much and not caring at all. Suzstte would be married in that white gingham she as wearing to-day if I would let bar." "Pray don't teasn people about my frocks, auntie. If you can't hnd something more interesting to ta?k about we had better fro away," said Suzette with a pettishness which was quite unlike her ; bat it must be owned that to be made the object of a publio attack in femimce convocation was somewhat exasperating. Mrs. Mornington was not to be put down. S!'.e went on talking of frocks, though one of the daughters of the house carried Suzette off to the garden — an act of real Christian charity, if she had not spoilt her good work by beginning to talk' of Suzette's lover, " lean quite fancy your aunt munt be rather boring sometimes," sh» said. " But do tell me about Mr. Carew. I thought him so nice the other day at the flower show wh63 you introduced him to me." " What can I tell you about him ? You have seen him — and I am giad you thought him nice." "Yes; but one wants to know more. One wants co know what he is like — from your point of view." " But how could you see him from my point of view? That's impossible." \- "True ! A casual acquaintance could never see him as he appears to you — to whom he is all the world," 6aid the Canon's daughter, who was young and romantic, having lived upon church music and Coventry Patmore's poetry. " There's my aunt showingthem patterns of my frocks!" exclaimed Suzette irritably, clancin? in at the drawing-room where Mrs. Mornington sat, the centre of a little group, handing scraps of stuff out of her reticule. The scraps ware being passed round and peered at and pulled about by everybody with a meditative and admiring air. Aa African savage, seeing the group would have supposed that some act of sort ilege was being performed. "It- is rather an ordeal being married," said the Canon's daughter, thinking Badly of a certain undergraduate who was downhearted about hia divinity exam., and upon whose achieving deaoon'e orders within a reasonablo time depended the young lady's matrimonial prospeota. She siithed as ehe thought of the difference in wor'dly wealth between that well-meaning youth and Allan Carew ; and yet here was the future Mrs. Carew pale and worried, and obviously discontented with her lot. When those gowns had been ordered. Suzette felt as if it were another link forged in the iron chain which seemed to weigh heavier upon her every day of her life. She had promised, and she must keep her promise; tbat was what Bhe waB continually saying to herself. Thoio words were woven into all her thoughts. Allan was so good, so true-hearted. Could she disappoint and grieve him? Could she be heartless, unkind, selfish—think of herself first and of him after —snatch at the happiness Fate offered to her and leave him out in the cold ? No, better ; t s o t y y o t y h B t h d n s h h c h t h Olt v l t o s uth h that she should bear her lot—become his wife, live out her slow melancholy days his faithful servant and friend, honouring and obeying him, doing all that woman oan do for bsd, except loving him. Those meteorio appearances of Geoffrey's made his life much harder for Suzette. She might have fought against her love for him more successfully perhaps had he been always near ; had she seen him almost daily and become accustomed to his presence as a common incident in the daily routine ; bnt to be told that he was in the far north of Scotland yachting with a friend; and then to be startled by his voice at her shoulder murmuring her name in Discombe Wood; and to turn round with nervous quickness to eee him looking at her with his pale smile like a ghost p-or to be assured that he was salmon-fishing in Connemar^, and to see him Buddenly sauntering across the lawn in the July dusk, more ghost-like even than in the woods, as if face and form were the materialization which her own sad thoughts had conjured out of the twilight. He would take very little trouble to explain his unlooked-for return. Sootland was too hot ; the North Sea was like a vast sheet of red-hot iron blown over by a Bouth wind that was like the breath of a blast-furnaoe. Ireland was a place of bad inns and inexorable ram, and there were no fish, or none that be could catch. He had come home because life was weariness away from home. He feared that life meant weariness everywhere. Tho days were hurrying by, and now Mrs. Mornington talked everlastingly of tbe wedding, or so it seemed to Suzette, who in these latter days tried to avoid her aunt as much as was consistent with civility, and fled from the Grove to Discombe as to a haven of peace. Mrs. Mornington loved to expatiate upon the coming event, to bewail her niece's indifferentism, to regret that there was to be no festivity worth speaking of, and to enlarge upon the advantages of Allan's position and surroundings,and Suzette's good fortune inhaving come to Matcham. "Your father might have spent a thousand pounds on a London season and not have done half bo well for you," she Baid conclusively. The General nodded assent. Certainly between them they had done wonderfully well for Suzette. From the worldly wisdom the harassed girl fled to the quiet of Discombe, where the peaceful silence was only broken by the deep broad stream of sound from the organ, touched with ever-growing power by Mrs. Wornock. Suzette would steal softly into the muBio-rootn unannounced, and take her accustomed seat in the reoesB by the organ, and sit silently listening as long as Mrs. Wornock cared to play. Only when the last chord bad died away did the two women touch hands and look at each other. It was about a week after that wearying day in Salisbury when Suzette seated herself by the player in this silent way, and eat listening to a faneral march by Beethoven, with her head leaning on her hand, and not so maoh as a murmur of praise for music or performer stirring the thoughtful quiet of her lips. When the last melancholy notes, low down in the bass, had dwindled into Eilence, Mrs. Wornock looked up and saw Suzette's faoe bathed in tears— tears that streamed over the pallid cheeks unchecked. Geoffrey's mother started np from the organ, and claBped the weeping girl to her breast. Poor ohild ! poor ohild ! He was right, then ? You are not happy." " Happy ! I »m miserable! I don't know what to do? I don't know what would be wont or wickedest: to disappoint him or to marry bim not loving him !" "No, no, no, you must not marry, not if you cannot love him. But are you sure of that, Susie ? Are you sure yon don't love him ? He is BO good, «o worthy to be loved, as his father was—years ago. Why should yon not love him ?" Ah, who oan tell?" sighed Suzette. "Who knows why love bagins or how love gets tbe mastery? I let myself be talked into thinking I loved him. I always liked him — liked his company—was grateful for his attentions, respected him for his fine nature, and then I let him persuade me that this was love. Friendship and liking are not love; and now that the fatal day draws near I know how wide a difference there is between love and liking." V You must not marry him, Suzette, Yon know I would not willingly say one word tbat would tell againBt Allan Oarew's happiness. I love him almost as dearly as I love my own eon; but when I pee yon miserable — when I see Geoffrey utterly wretched, I oan no longer keep eilence. This marriage must be broken off." " He will hate me; he will despise me. What can he think me ? — false, fickle, unworthy of a good man's love." " You must tell him the truth. It wiil be cruel, but not so cruel as to let him go on be- lieving in you thinking himself happy, living in a fool's paradise. Will yon let me apeak for you. Suzette ? — let me do what your mother might have done had she been here to help you in your need ?" Suzette was speechleEB with tears, her face hidden on Mrs. Wornookshoalder. Thedoor was opened at this moment and a servant anuounoed Mr. Carew. Allan had approached the group by the organ before either Mrs. Wornock or Sosette could hide her agitation. Their tears, the way in whioh they clung to eaoh other, told of some over- mastering grief. "Good God ! what is the matter? What has happened ?" he ezclaimed. "Nothing has happened, Allan, yet there is Borrow for all of us—sorrow that has been coming upon us, though some of us did not know it. Suzette, may I tell him—now, this moment?" ." May you tell me? Tell me what?" questioned Allan. " Suzette, speak to me—you— no one else!" Fear, indignation, despair were in this tone. He caught hold of Suzette's arm and drew her towards bim, looking searchingly at the pale, tearstained face; but ahe shrank from hie grasp and sank on her knees at his feet. "It is my miterabli) secret—that most be told at last. I have tried — I have hoped—I honour — I respect yeu — Allan. But our hearts are not our own; we cannot gnide or govern their purposes. My heart is weighed down with shame and miBery, but it is empty of love. I cannot love you as your wite should. If I keep my word I shall be a miserable woman." "You shall not be that," he said sternly— ' not to make me the happiest man in creation. Bat don't yoa think," with chilling deliberation, "this tragedy might have been acted a little earlier. It seems to me that you have kept your seoret over carefully." "I have been weak, Allan, hopelessly, miserably weak-minded. I tried to do what was best. I did not want to disappoint you" "Disappointme? Why, you have fooled me from tbe first! Disappoint me? Why, I bave built the whole fabrio of my future life upon this rotten foundation ! "I was to be happy because of your love; my days and years were to flow sweetly by in a paradise of domestic peace, blessed by your love. And all tbe time there has been no such thing. You did not love mc; and the hopelesBness of the endeavour is brought home to you to-day —three weeks before our wedding-day. Suzette, .'-uzette, never was woman's oruelty orueller than this of yours." She was iu floods of tears at his feet, her head dropping till her face almost touched the ground. He left her kneeling there and rushed away to the garden to hide his own tears—the tears of whioh his manhood was ashamed, the passionate sobs, the wild hysterical weeping of the eex that seldom weeps. He found a sheller and a hiding-place in an angle of the garden whero thare was a side walk ehut in by close-cropped cypress walls, and here Mrs. Wornock found him -presently sitting on a marble bench with his elbows on his knees, his face hidden in his hands. She seated herself at his side and laid her hand gently on his. " Allan, dear Allan, 1 am so sorry for you," she eaid softly. " I am very sorry for myself. I don'tseem to need anybody's pity. I think I can do all tho grieving." " Ab, that is the worst of it. Nobody's sympathy can help you.' "Not yours,'' he answered almost savagely ; for at hvart you must be glad. My dismissal makes room for some one else—eome one whose interests are dearer to you than mine could ever be.,' " There is no one nearer or dearer to me han you, Allan—no one—not even my own on. You have been to me as a son—tbe son f the man I fondly loved, whose faoe I was o look upon once—once after those long ears in which we were parted. • I have loved ou as a part of my youth, the living memory f my lost love. Ah, my dear, I had to learn he lesson of self-surrender when I was ounger th3n you. I loved him with all my eart and ir.ind, and I gave bim up." " You did wrong to give him up. He himeif Eaid bo. But there is no parallel between he two cases. This girl has let me believe in er. I have lived for a year in this sweet elusion—a bliss no more real than tbe happiess of a druam. She would have loved mo; N he would have married me ; all would ave been well for us but for your son. When m eoame aiy chance wss blighted. He has t harms of mind and manner which I ave not—like me, they say, but ten e imes handsomer. He can speak to c ar with a language which I have riot. by h, those singing notes on the violin — that ongdrawn lingering sweep of the bow, like he ory of a spirit in paradise—an angelic t oice telling of the love ethereal—love reeased from clay—these tears which seemed to t " remble ou the strings—that loud, sudden sob h f passionate pain which came like a short, harp amen to the prayer of love. I could t nderstand that language better than he t— hought. He stole her lave from roe —set imsaif deliberately to rob me of my life's appiness." g " It is cruel to say that, Al'.an. He is in* capable of treachery, of deliberate wrongdoing. He is a creature of impulse." " Meaning a creature with whom Belf ie the only god. And in one of hia impulses he told Suzette of bis love, even in plainer words than his Stradivarius could tell the story; and from that hour ber heart w&b; false to me. I saw the change in ber when I came backafter my father's death." "You are unjust to him, Allan, in your grief and anger. Whatever his feelings may have been, he has fought against them. He has made himself almost) an exile from this house." "He has been biding his time, no doubt; and now that I have had the coup de grace he will come back." 