TALIS AND SKETCHES. sens of Fine. - Br MISS BRADDON, Author of " Lady Audley's Seoret," "The Fatal 'J'nitee," " The Day Will Come," -"The Doctor's Wife," "Thou Art the Man 1" &c.; all rights reserved. , . , Chatter XIX. (Continued,) " Qorald reoolved . me with' liiB oustomary cheorlness, though I was 10 minutes after the half hour, and the fried sole had frizzled itself to drynoss by that delay. \- i ve somo goou news lor you, nc exoiatmou in his exuberant way. It's ail right.' " 1 What'b all right ? ' " 1 Your protdgde. I'vo written to the parson ' at'Besbery, Tho story she told us was gospel truth.' ' ' 'MI never thought it was anything eise.' ""Ah, .that's beoausoyou're.oyer head and airs in love with her,' said Gerald. "'Ifelt myself blushing furiously, blusltlnsr liko a girl whose secrot tenderness stands re vealed. Of course, I protested that nothing was further from my thoughts than love; that I was only sorty for the gill's loneliness and helplossnoBB. Gerald obviously doubted mo; and I liad to listen to his sage counsel on tho aubjeot. Ho was my senior by two years, and olulmed to be a man. of the world, while I had been brought up at my mothor's apron strings. Ho foresaw, dangers of which I had no appre hension, ' " 'There Is nothing ensior to drop into than' an entanglement of that sort,' he said. 'You had much better fall In lovo with a ballet girl. It may be more expensive for the moment, but It won't aompromiso your future.' "His arguments had no effeot upon my oon- dnot In the faw remaining days of the long raoa- tion. I went to Ormomi-street a seoond and a third time during those few days. I took Esperanza to an nftoruoon concert at tho St. James's Hall, and enjoyed hor eostacy ns she listened to. Sainton; and Botteslni. With her musio .was a passion, and I believe she' sat bosido'me utterly unoonsoious of my existence, witlr a soul lifted above enrth and all earthly feelings, " 'You wore happy while tho musio lasted,' I aid, as wo walked back to Ormond-street, by alongish round, for I ohose the quietest atreots rather than tho nearest way. "'"Mere than happy,' ah answered softly. 'I was talking with my father's spirit.' " 'You still boliovo in the communion of the dead and tha living,' I said, ' in eplto of the tricks your Gorman friends played upon you ? ' . " ' Yen,' she answered steadfastly, ' I still believed I shall always bolievo there is a bridge between earth and heaven — between the world we can see and touoh and the world wo can only feel with our hearts and minds. Whan I hear music liko that we heard just now— thoso long drawn singing notas on the violin, those doop organ tones of the 'cello— I foal myiolf oarried away into a shadowy world whero I know my father and mother aro waiting for me. Wo shall all be together again somo day, and I Bball know nnd understand, and I shall feel her soft touoh upon my foroheed and my heir as I have felt it so often In my dreams.' " She broko down, orying sottly ns alio walked by my Rido. I soothed her as well as I oould, soothed her moat when I talked of those she had lost, quostioning her about them. She remem bered her mother (lltnly — a long, last illness, a pale and wasted face, and gsntlo bands end loving arms that used to bo folded round her nook as sho nestled ogninst tho sick had. That siok room, and tho dim light of wintry after noons, and the sound of tho hnrmonium as hor father played soft musio in tho adjoining parlor, were things that scorned to havo lasted for years. Sho oould not look behind them. Hor memory of mother nnd of homo stopped on tlio threshold of that dimly lighted room. Her father was a memory of yestordny. nc had been hor second self, tho other half of her mind, 1 He .believed in gliosis,' aha said, 'and in second sight. He has ofton told me how ho saw "Vm """'hor ooming downstairs to meet him, with a shroud sliowiug faintly abovo hor whito summer gown, the night bofora alio broke a mood vessel, and took to hor bed in her last Illness.' "'An optical delusion, no doubt ; 'but- it comes natural to a Scotchman to bellovo suoh things. Ho ahould not liavo told you.' "'Why not I I liko to know that the world wo cannot see is near us. I ahould havo died of loneliness if I had not believed my father's spirit was still within renoli. I don't inind about those pooplo being impostors. I bsgin to think that.tho friends we have lost would hardly talk to us through tho moving up and down of woodon tables. It scorns such a foolish way, does it not?' " _ '"Worso than foolish; undignified. Tho ghosts m Virgil movo and talk with a stately grandeur ; Shaltspearc's ghosts aro kingly end hwful. Thoy itriko terror. It has remained for nineteenth contury to imagine ghosts that flit nbout a shabby parlor and skip from side to sido of tho room and flutter round a table, and touoh, and rap and. tap, and pat with viscous hands, liko the touoh of a toad. " ' I don't care what you say about those things, she answorod resolutely. ' Thero Is n link betweon life and death. I don't know what tho link is ; but though my father may be doad to all the world besides he is not dead to me.' I did not oppose stubborn oommon senna to this fond delusion. It might fco good for her to bellevo in the things that are not. The tondor fancy might bridge ovor the dark gulf of sorrow. I tried to divert her mind to lighter aubjeots— talked to her of this monstrous London ot whioh she know nothing, and of whioh I know very, little. " On tha following evening I took Esperanza and my old nurse to a theatre, a form of entor-. tainment In which Martha especially doliglitcd. I was not very happy in my olioloo of a play. Had I taken my proWgioJo-seo-Juflorsim, site would havo been touoiiand\d4Ugbtgd,Kn- luokily I olioso anitfer tlibatro"wh'9re.hJ JhuX lesquo was being pltfyod .whioh was just a siiide more vulgar. than tha average burlesque of tbbsn days, Bsperauza was puzzled and disgusted. J, I discovered that lior love of musio was an exolV, si ve, pension. Sho Cared for nothing else in I he wny of art. I tried tier, with a pioture-gajlery, only to find her ignorant aiid indiffarerrtr' Two things only impressed her in tha wholo of tha National Gallery — a landsonpe'of Tumor's and a face whioh' reoalled her father's. .'-My last Sunday before term began was spent almost entirely with Esparanza. . I accepted Martha's invitation to partake of iter Sunday dinner, and sat at meat with dear old Benjamin for tho first time in my life, though I had ontoti many a meal with his worthy wife in the days when my legs reached a very little way below the table and my manners wero in sore need of tho good soul's supervision— happy childish days before governess and lesson book had appearod upon the scone : dnya in whioh II Fa if. .... I Ll aw nua wuii 41/115 fc.VIUU U| illLLT- ruptcd only by childish illnesses, whioh wero like bnd dronms, troubled Rnd indistinct patoboa on tho fair foreground of tho childish memory. The good Benjamin aie his roaat beef in a depre cating' and apologetic attitude, sitting, I fear uncomfortably, on ths edge of iiis ohair. Eipc- ranza ato about ns muoh solid food as a singiug bird might havo done ; but sho looked stronger and in better boalth than on tho night of tha aiaaee, and sho lookod almost happy. After the roast beef and appla tart I took hor to an after noon service at St. Paul's where ths organ musio filled her with rapture. ' " ' I shall ooma bore every Sunday,' she said, as we loft tho oathedra). ... I entreated her not to go so far alone, and warned hoi- that tho streets of London wero full of danger for youth and inexperlenoo ; but she laughed at my foars, assuring me that she had walked about tho meadows anil coppices round Bosbcry ever since sho oould romoinber, and no harm had esor bofallen litr, though thoro wero hardly any peoplo about. I told her that in London the pooplo wore the danger, and exacted her promiso that alio would novsr go bsyond tho immediate neighborhood of Groat Ormond- strcot by herself. I gave korpermission to walk about Queen's-squaro, Gaildford-strcst and Meoklenburgh-square. Tho neighborhood was quiot and respeotable. '"I am bound to obey you,' she answorod mcokly. ' I owe you so muoh gratitude for your goodness to nie.' " I protested against gratitude to me. The only fritnd to whom she owed anything was my dear old nurse. "I had a great terror of tho perils of the Lon don streets for a girl of her appsarauoe. It was not so muoh tbat Bko was beautiful, but bconuso of a ocrtuin strangeness and exceptional eiinrao- ter in her beauty which would be likely to attract attention and aronso curiosity. Tho dreamy look in tho lnrga violot eyes, tho semi- transparent pallor wbioh suggested an extreme fragility, tho unworldlincss of hor wholo nspeot wero ealoulated to appeal to the worst instincts of tho prowling profligato. Sho had an air' of helplessness whioh would invito persecution from tho oowardly wretches who make ths sticots of a grant oity perilous for unprotcotod intiooencc. ' "Sho was ready to promiso anything that would please me/ "'I do not o»ro if I never go out,' she said simply. 1 The lady who lives in the drawing- room has a harmonium, and she has told ino I may plsyuponit every day— all day long, when she is out ;. and she has a great. many friends, and visits a good deal.' " ' Oh, but you must go out of doors for your hoaltk's inlco I I protested. ' Martha or Bonja- min mutt go with you,' '"Thoy have no tlma to go out of doors till aftor dark, poor things 1 they aro so busy ; but thoy will tako mo for a walk sometimes of an evening. I shall make' tbom go out for their own oaken. You need not feel anxious about mo ; you are too kind to think of me at all.' " I could not help fueling anxious about bcr. I felt as if I wore reponslblo for everything that oould assail or hurt her ; that every hair of hor head was a ohargo upon my consolonoe. Her health, her happincsB, her talents, and tastes and fanoioa— it was mioo to aare tor all tbeso. My protdgde. Staudlsh oallod hor. In this faro- well walk through tha dull Sunday streets, in tho dull October twilight, it ooomcd as if sho wero muoh mora than my protdgde— my doarent, most saorod oarc, tho purpose and tho promise of my life. "To-night wo wero to say good- bye. TVo woro to havo parted at the door In Groat Osmond-atrcet ; but, standing on the doorstop, waiting for tho opening of that incxorablo door, whioh would swallow her up presently, like a tomb, I folt alt at once that I could not Bacrlflco this last ovoning. Standish was dining out. There would only bo lonollnoss nnd a roast oliiaken awaiting mo at 7.30. The ohioken might languish unoaton; the ghosts might have tho dull oommonpiaoc room ; I would finish tho evening with Martha's taa and toast, and bear Esperanza sing her favorito numbers of Handel nnd Mondoissohn, to tho accompaniment of an ancient Stoddnrt piauo, a rolio of tho eohoolroom in my Suffolk home, tha piano on whioh my mother took her first musio lesson. "It was an ovoulng in Elysium. A baok parlor was sometimes largo enough to oontaln paradise. I did not question my own heart, or anaiyso my boatifio soniations. I ascribed at least half my happiness to Handel nnd Men delssohn, and that foaling of exaltation which only sacred musio oan produce. Thoro were no anxious questionings in my mind till after I had said good-bye to Esperanza — good-byo— till tho third week in Dccoinbor, and had left tho house. Thoso uneasy questionings wers inspirod by my dear old Martha, who opened the ball door for me, nnd said gravely, as I shook hands with her — '"It would nover do, Mr. Georgo. I know what kind of lady your mother is, as well as anybody. It would nover do.' I did not ask hor what it was tbat wonld nevor do ; but I oarried a new sense of trouble and difficulty out Into the autumn wind." cnaptbr XX. — A White Star Made of Memory Long Ago. "'It would never do.' Those words of Martha's, so earnostly apokon by the kind soul who enrod for mo almost as tenderly ns a mother cares for her own, haunted me all through tho rapid run' to Cambridge, walked tile quadrangles of Trinity with mo, tramped tho Trumpingtou- road upon my shouldors, liko tbat black oare whioh sits behind tho traveller. ' It would novor do,' No need to ask my good Martha for tho moaning of that empkatio assertion. I know what shape hor thoughts had takon as she watohed me sitting by the little square plsno— tha aid, old piano, with suoh a tirin, tinkling sound, listening to that eernphio voice, and look ing at that dolicnta profile nnd oxquisito coloring of faintly flushed clrcek, lifted eye and shadowy hair. My old nurso had surprised my scoret almost before I knew it myself ; but, by the timo I was back iti my shabby ground floor sit- thigroom at Trinity I knew as well as Martha knew that I had let myself fail deep in love with a girl whom I could never marry with my mothor's approbation. I might taks my own way In ltfo and marry the girl I loved; but to do so would be to forfeit my mother's nlfcotion, to make mysolt an outoost from her house. "'I know what kind of a ladyyour motlror is,' said Martha, in bar valedictory address. " Was I, her son,' likely to bo ignorant of the .mother's oharaotor, or unablo to gaugo the (strength of hor prejudices — prejudioes that (seemed ao much a part of her nature as to form a strong argument against Locke's assertion that thero are no innate ideas ? Indeed, in reading that philosopher's famous ohapter, it always seemed to mo that If tlia average infant bad to begin" tho A B 0 of life at the first letter, my mother must bavo' boon born with her brain riobly stocked with family prida and social dis tinctions. In all tho years I havo lived with hor Iliad novor seen her unbend to a servant, or converso with oqual terms with a tradesman. fSho had a full appreciation of the valuo of wealth when it was allied with good birtli ; but the millionaire manufacturer o'r the lucky Bpeou- lator belonged to that outer droic of which she knew nothing, and of whioh sho would boliovo no good. " I was" her only son ; and she wsb a widow. I owed hor more than most sons owo their mothers. I did not stand as number four or five in n family olrale, taking my share in the rough and tumble of family life. My mother had been ail in all to me ; and I had been all in all to hor. I lied been ber friend aiid companion from tho timo I was able to understand the English lan guage, the recipient of all hor ideas, her likos and dislikes— from that early stage when tho cliildllsh mind unconscious iy takes shape, and bent from tho mind of tho parent the child loves bash From my seventh year I was fatherless, and all that Is saorod and sweet in homo lifo began and onded for mo with tho word mothor. " My mother was what Gorald Standish oallod a ' masterful woman,' a woman to whom It was natural to direct and initiato the wholo business of life. My father was her opposite in tempera ment— irresolute, lymphatio; and I think ho must havo handed hor the reins of homo govern ment beforo their honeymoon was over. I re member just well enough to remember tbat he loft tho dlreotion of his lifo wholly to her ; that ho deferred to her judgmont, and studied hor feolingo In every dotail of his oxistenco ; nnd that ho obviously adored her. I don't think ho eared very muoh for me, his only ahild. I oan recall no indication of warmth of feeling on his part, only, a placid indiilcrenco, as of one whoso affootlon was concentrated upon a single.objsot, and whoso heart had no room for any other image. Ho spoke of mo as ' tho boy, ' ana looked at mo oocaeionally with an air of mild wonder, as if I wero somebody olio's son, whoso growth took ' him by surprise. I nover re member bis expressing any opinion about mo, exoept tbat I had grown sinoo ho looked at me Inst. " His feelings, about me bolng thus tepid, it was hardly surprising that ho should make what mauy pooplo havo oallcd an unjust will. I have novor disputed its justioo, for I loved my mothor too muoh to complain of tho advantages of powor and status whioh. that will gave ber. ; "She was an' heiress, and her. money had oleared my fattier's ostate from considerable on- cumbranoos, and ho. doubt he romembored this when providing for her future. Ho was her senior by five and twonty yoors, and foresaw a long widowhood for hor. " Tbo entail ended in his own person, so ho was free .to dispose of his property as ho liked. Ho loft my mothor tenant for life ; and he left mo five hundred a year, ohsrgqablo to his cstato, whioh inconio was only to begin wlton I came of age. Till my oue-and-twonticth birthday I was depoudent upon my mother for oveiy- thlng. . ". "I told myself that! had to .out out my path in life, and that I must be tho brohitcot of my own fortuno. " My mother's incomo under hor marriago settlement' was considerable, and this, in addition to a rent roll of between two and throe thousand a year, made her a.rioh woman. "Assuredly I was not in a position to mako an Imprudent marriage, slnoo my power to maintain a wifo nnd family In accord with my own Idons of' a gentleman's surroundings must depend for a oonsidcrablo time upon my mother's liberality. I had made up my mind to go to the Bar, and I knew how slow and hazardous is tho road to auaaess in that branoh of tho legal profession ; but far nearer than mora questions of interest was tbb obligation whioh filial lovo laid upon mo. My mother had givon mo the de votion of years, had made mo tho chief objeot of hor thoughts and hor hopes, and I should bo an ungrateful wrstoh if I woro to disappoint hor. I knew, alas ! that upon this vory quostion of mar riage sho.oborisbcd a projeot that it would dis tress bor to fprego, and that thoro was a oertain Lady Emily whom I was intendod to marry, tho daughter of a nobleman who had boon my father's most iutimato friend, and for whom my mother had a groator regard than for any of our neighbors. " Knowing Ibis, and wishing with all my hoart to do my duty au a son to tho best of mothers, I oould but echo Martha's solemn words— " ' It would novor do.' " No, 'It would novor do. 1 Tho scranhio voice, tho spiritual oountonanoo, tho appealing help lessness, whioh had so moved my pity, must be to mo ns a dream from whioh I had awakened. Espcranza's fnto must rest lionooforth with hor- solf, aided by honest Martha, and helped, through Martha, from my purse. I must novor soe her again. No word had been spoken, no hint bad bcon givon of the lovo whioh it was my boundon duty to conquer nnd forgot. I could contemplate tho inevitable ronunoiation with a dear conscience. " I worked harder in that term than I had worked yet, and shut my door against all tho allurements of undergraduate friende and all tho pleasures of uuivorsity life. I was voted churlish and a mud ; but I found my hooks tho host aura for an unhappy lovo ; and though tho imago of Miss Campbell Was oftenor with mo than tho learned abode of Newton or tho later ghost of Whowell, I contrived to do somo roaily good work. " " My mother nnd I wrote to ieaoli other oueo a week. She expected me to send her a budget of gossip and opinion, and it was only this term that! began to feel a difficulty In filling two sheets of uotu papor with my niggling penman ship. For the first tirao in my life I found my- solf sitting, pen in hand, with nothing to say to my mother. I oould not write about Esperanza, or tho passionate yearning which I woo tiyibg to outlive. I oould hardly expatiate upon my mntfiomatic.il studies to a woman who, although highly cultivated, knew nothing of mathematies, I eked out my lettor as best I could, with a labored criticism upon afcoblo novel which Iliad idly skimmod in an hour of mental exhaus tion. "I lookod forward approbonslvely to my homo going in December, foaring that somo ehango in my outward aspsot might botray tho mystery of my heart. The holiday, once so ploasant, would be long and dull. The shooting would afford soma relief porhaps, and I made up my mind to tramp tho plantations all day long. At Cambridge I had skirked physioal exorcise ; in Suffolk I would walk down my sorrow. "A_ letter from my mother, whioh renobed me early iu December, put an end to theso icsolros. Sho had boon somowlint out of honltli all through Norombor ; and her local modical man, who was old and passo, had only tormented lier with medicines which mada her worse. She bad tbereforo decided, at Miss Marjorum's earnest desire, upon spending my vaoation in London ; and Jobson, her trusty major domo, liad boon up to town, and had found Iior doliglitful lodg ings on the north side of Hydo Park. Sho would await ma not at Fendyke, but in Con- naught-placo. ' " Connaught-plnco — within loss thnn an hour's walk of Groat Oimond-Btroet ! My heart beat fast and furiously at tbo mere thought of that propinquity, Martha's latest lotter had told me that all attempts at finding a situation for my protsgfi had so far boon without result. Mnrtlin and hor ohnrgo lind visited all tho itceiiGiei for tbo nloeinp of irnvnmoj«Aii ami iuim. panions, and no agont had ouccoedod in planing Esperanza. : Her education wan far boiow the requirements of the ioaet exnoting employer. She knew very littlo Fronoh, nnd no German ; she played exquisitely, but sho played by ear ; of tbo theory of musio she know hardly any thing. Her father, an enthusiast and a dreamer, had filled Iior with ideas, but had taught her nothing that would help hor to cam a living. "'Don't you frot nbout ber, Mr. George,' wrote Martha, ' As long as I have a roof ovor my bead, ahe oan make hor homo with me. Her bite and sup makes hardly any diiforonco in tho weok's oxpensos. I'm only sorry, for her snko, thnt she isn't olover enough to get into a nice family in somo pretty eountry bouse, like Fen- dyko. It's a dull lifo for hor here— a baok parlor to lira in, and two old people for her only com panions.' " I thought of tho small dark parlor in the Bioomsbnry lodging house, the tinkling old piano, tho dull gray street ; a weary lifo for a girl of poetio tempnramont roared in tho oountry. That lotter of Marthn's, and the fact of being within an easy walk of Great Ormond-street, broke down my resolution of tho last two months. I called upon Martlm and bcr ohnrgo on tbo morning after I left Cambridge. I thought Esperanza looked wan and out of health, and could but mark liow the pale, sad face flushed and brightened at sight of me. We woro alono for a faw minutes, whllo Martha Intorviowed a butcher, and I seized the oppor tunity. I said I feared ehe was not altogether happy. Only unhappy in being a burden to my frionds, she told me. She was depressed by finding ber own usslossnesi. Hundreds of yonng women were earning their living as governesses, but no ono would employ her. "'No lady will even givo me a trial,' she aid. ' I'm afraid I must look very stupid.' "'You look very iovoly,' I answered hotly. ' They want a commoner clay,' "I'impiorod her to believe that she was no burden to Martha or to me. If she could be eon- tout to livo that dull and joyless life, sho was at least teourc of a safo and respsotablo home ; and if sh« csrail to carry on her education, some thing might bo done in tho way of masters ; or she might atteud somo classes in Harley-stroet, or elsewhore. "Sho turned rod and then pale, and I saw tears trembling on her long auburn lashes. " ' I am afraid I am untoaohablo,' sho faltered, with downoast eyes. 'Kind ladies at Bosbery tried to,teach-me-Hbut it was no use. My mind always wandered. , Kcould not keep my thoughts upon the bookw'as reading, or on what thoy told me. Miss "Grimshaw, who wanted to help me, said I-, was iirtorrigibly idle and atrooiously obstinate. 'BuiUinfleod, it was not idleness or obstinaoy that' (rape me from learning. I could not force myself to think or to remember. My thoughts would only go their own way ; and I oared for nothing but music, or for tho poetry my father used to read to me sometimes of an evening. I am afraid Miss Grimshaw was right, and that I ought to bo a dress maker.' "I glanoed at tho hands whioh lay loosely clasped upon tho arm of the ohair in which she was sitting, Suoh delicately tapering flngors were nover moant for tho dross maker's work room. The problem of Esporanza'o lifo was not to be solved that way. "I did not remain long on this first morn ing ; but I wont again two days afterwards, and again, until it oamo to bo ovory day. Martha grumlilod and warned me of my danger, and of the wrong done to Esperauza, if I were to make her caro for mo. " ' I don't think there's muoh fear of that,' added Martha. ' She's too muoh in the olouds. It's you I'm afraid of. You and I know who mamma wants you to marry, dou't us, Mr. Goorge ?" " I oould not gainsay Martha upou this point. Lady Emily and I had ridden the same rocking liorso ; she riding pillion with her arms clasped round my waist, while I urged the beast to his wildest pace. Wo had taken tea out of tho same toy toa things— her toa things— and before I wae 15 yoors of ago my mother told mo that she woe pleased to soo I was so fond of Emily, and hoped that she and I would be husband and wifo somo day, in tho serious future, just as we wore little lovers now iu tho ohildlsh present. " I remember laughing at my mother's speech, and thinking within myeolf that Emily and I hardly toaiised my juvenile idoa of lovers. The romantio olemont wae entirely wanting in onr association. When I talked of Lady Emily later to Gorald Standish, I remember I de scribed hor as 'a good sort,' and discussed her exoollont qualities of mind and tompor with an unembarrassed freedom whioh testified to a heart that was at pcaco. - "I folt mora mortified than I would have oared to oonfess at Martha's blunt assuranoo that Esperanza was too muoh in tho olouds to oaro about me ; and it may ho that this remark of my old nurse's gavo just tho touoh of pique tbat aotad ns a spur to passion. I know that after two or threo afternoons In Great -Ormond- street, I felt that I loved this girl as I oould uover love again, nnd that honcoforward it would bs impossible for mo to contcmplato tho idea of life without hor. Tho more fondly I loved hor, tho loss domonstrativo I became, and my growing rescrvo threw dust in the elderly P»aoaUlA>AJUW.lWIHNi—l UJJWUIh-lMJ. AJLP ' ' ""TffTCTtpd eyes that watched us. Martha bolioved that h«r warninff hod taken effeot, and she ao far con fided in my discretion as to allow me to take Esperanza for- lamp lit' walks in the Biooms- bnry-squares, after our eqsy ten drinking in the littlo back parlor. Tho tea drinking and tho walk .keaame an institution. Martha's rheu matics had made walking exercise impossible for her during tha last moncb. Benjamin wat fat and lazy. " 'If I didn't let the poor ahild go out with you, she'd hardly got a breath of fresh air all the winter. And I know that I can trust yon, Mr. George,' said Martha. " ' Yes, you can trust me,' answered I. "She might trust me to breathe no word of ovil into tho ear of her I loved. Sho could trusty mo to rovero tho ohildliko iuuooenoe whioh wat my darling's highest ohnrm. She oould trust mo to bo loyal and true to Esperanza. But she could not trust mo to bo wordly wise, or to onarifioe my own bappinoss to filial affection. ' The timo enmo when I had to set my love for: Esperanza agninst my duty to my mother and my own intorcsts. Duly and interest kicked the beam. " Oil, those squares 1 those grave' old Blooms- bury squares, with their formal rows of windows, and monotononB iron railings, the stately door ways, and clean ilooreteps, tho enclosures of troes, whose blackened krnnohes allowed leaf less against the steely sky of a frosty evening I What groves or streams of paradise could be fairer to us tlmu those 'dull pavements which wo paced arm in arm iu the wintry greynes3, toll- iog cnoh other those thoughts and fanoioa whioh aeomed in their intuiLive sympathy to mark us for predestined lifo companions. Her thoughts wore obildisbly expressed sometimes.; but it soemed to ms always as if thoy were only my thoughts in a feminine guise. Nothing tbat sho said ever jarred upon mo ; and hor ignoraneo of tho world and all Its ways suggested some nymph or fairy reared in tha soolusion of wood land or ocean eavc. I thought of Bndymlon, and I fanoicd that his goddess oould havo been scarcoly loss of tbe earth than this fair girl who walked besido me, confiding In me liko a child like faith. 1 ' (to be continued.) 