From the " Fall Mali Budget." (COjrrnruED) E'LL hope, ' not,' said Macfarlane 'and if any body does well, you didnt,don't you see,and there's an end. The fact is, this has been going on too long. Stir np the mud, and you'll get K into the most unholy trouble ; you'll bein a shocking box yourself. So will I, if you come to that. I should like to know how any of us would look or what the devil we should have to say for ourselves, in any Christian witness box. For me, you know, there's one thing certain-that practically speak ing, all our subjects have been murder ed.' 'Macfarlane! cried Fettes. 'Come, now!'sneered the other. 'As if yon hadn't suspected it yourself!' 'Suspecting is one thing-* 'And proof is another. Yes, I know; and I'm as sorry as you are this should have come here,' tapping the body with his cane. 'The next best thing for me is not to recognise it; and,' . he said cooly, 'I don't. You may, if you please. I dor't dictate, but I think a man of the world would do as I do; and, I may and, I fancy that is what K-would look for at our hands. The question is, why did he choose us two for his assistants ? And I answer, because he didn't want old vim' This -&as; the tone of all others to affiect the mind of a lad like Fettes. He agreed to imitate Macfarlane; the body of the unfortunate girl was duly dissected, and no one remarked or ap peared to recognise her. One afternoon, when his day's work was over, Fettes dropped into a popu lar tavern, and found Macfarlane sitt ing with a stranger. This was a small man, very pale and dark, with cold black eyes. The cat of his feat ures gave a promise of intellect and refinement which was but feebly re alised in his manners ; for he proved, upon nearer acquaintance, coarse, vulgar, and stupid. He exercised how ever, very remarkable control over Maefarlane ; issued orders like the Great Bashaw, became inflamed at the least discussion or delay, and commen ced rudely on the servility with which he was obeyed. The most offensive person took a fancy to Fettes on the spot, plied him with drinks, and hon oured him with unusual confidences on his past career. If a tenth part of what he confessed were true, he was a, very loathsome rogue; and the lads' canity was tickled by the attention of . axufiu. Tnia pretty bad fellow myself/ the stranger remarked; 'but Macfar lane is the boy-Toddy Macfarlane* I call him Toddy, order your Mend another glass.' 'Or it might be, 'Toddy, yon jump np and shot that door.' 'Toddy hales me,' he said again. 'Oh, yes, Toddy, you do/ 'Don't you call me that confounded name,' growled Macfarlane. 'Hear him! Did yon ever see the lads play knife. He would like to do that all over my body,' remarked the stranger. 'We medicals have a better way than that,' said Fettes. 'When we die! ike a dear dear friend of ours we dissect him.' Macfarlane looked up sharply, as though this jest were scarcely to his mind. The afternoon passed passed. Gray, for that was the stranger's same, in vited Fettes to join them at dinner, ordered a feast to be so sumptuous that the tavern was thrown into commo tion, and when all was done command ed Macfarlane to settle the bill. It was late before they separated; the man Gray was incapably drunk; Mac. farlane, sobered by his fury, chewed the cud of tiie money he had been forced to squander and the slights he had been obliged to swallow. Fettes, with varions liquors singing in his head, returned home with devious footsteps and a mind entirely in abey. once. .Next day Macfarlane was ab sent from the class, and Fettes smiled to himself as he imagined him still squiring the intolerable Gray from tavern to tavern. As soon as the hour of liberty had struck he posted from place to place in quest of his last night's companions. He conld find them, however, nowhere, returned early to bis rooms went early to bed, and slept the sleep of the just. At four in the morning he was awakened by the well-known signal. Descending to the door, he was filled with astonishment to find Macfarlane with his gig, and, in the gig, one of ! those long and ghastly packages with | which he was so well acquainted. j 'What ?* he cried. 'Have yon bepn out alone ? How did you manage V , But Macfarlane silenced him rough-1 ly, bidding him turn to business. ; They had got the body upstairs and ; laid it on the table, Macfarlane made ; at first as if he were going away ; then ; he paused and seemed to hesitate ; and then, *¥ou had better look at the face,' said he, in tones of some con straint. You had better,' he repeated, as Fettes only stared at him in won der. 'But where, and how' and when did you come by it ?' cried the other. 'Look at the face,' was the only answer, Fettes was staggered; strange doubts assailed him; he looked from the young doctor to the body, and then back again > at last, with a start, he did as he was bidden. He had almost expected the eight that met his eyes and jet the shock was cruel. To see, fixed in. the rigidity of death and naked on that coarse layer of sackcloth, the man whom he had. left well clad and. fall of meat and sin upon the thres hold of a tavern, awoke, even in the thoughtless Fettes, some of the terrors of the conscience- It was a "eras tibi " which re-echoed in his soul, that two whom he had known should have come to He upon these icy tables. Yet these were only secondary thou ghts. His first concern regarded Wolfe. Unprepared for a challenge so momentous, he knew notnow to look his comrade in the face; he durst not meet his eye, and he had neither wor ds nor voice at his command. It was Macfarlane himself who ma de the first advance. He came up quietly behind and. laid his hand gen tly but firmly on the other's shoul der. ''Richardson," said, he, 'may have the head,' | Now, Richardson was a student who had long been anxious for that portion of the human subject to dis sect. There was no answer, and the murderer resumed: 'Talking of busi ness, you must pay me; your accounts you see, must (ally.' Fettes found a voice, the ghost of his own: 'Pay you!' he cried. 'Pay I you for that? ' 'Why, yes, of course you must; by all means and on every possible occasion you must,' returned the other. 'I dare not give it for nothing; you dare not take it for nothing; it would conpromise ns both. This is another case like Jane Galbraith's. The more things are wrong, the more we must act as if all were right. WheTe does old K-keep his money 'There,' answered Fettes, hoarsely, pointing to a cupboard in the corner. 'Give me the key, then/ said the other, calmly, holding out his hand. There was en instants hesitation, and the die was cast. Macfarlane could not suppress a nervous twitch the infinitesimal mark of an immense relief, as he felt the key between his fingers. He opened the cupboard, brought out pen and ink and a paper book that stood in one compartment, and seperated from the funds in a drawer a sum suitable to the occassion. 'Now, look here,* he said; 'there is the payment made-first proof of oar good faith ; first step to your security. You have now to clinch it by a second. Enter the payment in your book, and then you for your part may defy the devil*' The next few seconds were for JTetfcea an agony of thought; but in balancing his terrors it was the most immediate that triumphed. Any future difficul ty seemed almost welcome if he <3ould avoid a present quarrel with Macfar lane. He set down the candle which a he had been carrying all this time, and with a steady hand entered the date the nature, said the amonnt of the transaction. 'And now/ said Macfarlane, 'it's only fair that yon should pocket the lucre. I've had my share already. ByZthe by, when a man of the world falls into aii hit of luck, bas a few shillings extra in his pocket-I'm ashamed to speak of it, and there's a rule of con duct in the case. No treating, no pur chase of expensive class-books, no squaring of old debts ; borrow, don't lend.* "Macfarlane,' began Fettes still somewhat hoarsly, *1 have pnt my neck in a halter to oblige ?* To oblige?* cried Wolfe. *Oh . come! Yon did, as near as I can see the matter, what yon downright had to do in self-defence. Suppose I^ot into trouble, where wonld yon he ? This second little matter flows clearly from the first; Mr Gray is the continnation of Miss G-aibraith. Y^on can't begin and then step : if yon begin yon must keep on beginning; that's the trath. No rest for the wicked.' A horrible sense of blackness and the treachery of fate seized hold upon the soul of the unhappy student. 'My God!' he cried, 'but what have I done ? and when did I begin ? To be made a class assistant-in the name of reason, where's the harm in that? Service wanted the position; Service might have got it. Would he have been where I am now ? ,My dear fellow,' said Macfarlane, ^wbat a boy you are! What harm has come to you? What harm can come to you if yon hold your tongue? Why, man, do you know whatthis life is? There are two squads of us-the lions and the lambs. If you're a lamb, you'll come to lie upan the?e tables like Gray or Jane Galbra'th; if you're a lion, you'll live and drive a horse like mc, like K 1 like al! the world with, any wit or courage. You're stagganed at first. But look at K My dear fellow, you're elerer, you have pluck. I like you, and K likes you. You were born to lead the hunt; and I tell you, on my hon our and my experience of life, three days from now you'il laugh at all these scarecrows like a high school boy at a farce.® % And with that Macfarlane took his departure, and drove off up the road in his gig to get under cover before daylight. Fettes was thus left alone with his regrets. He saw the miser able peril in which he stood involved ; he saw, with inexpressible dismay, that there was no limit to his weak ness, and that, £rom concession to con cession, he hadwlen from the arbiter of Macfarlane*s posting: to his paid and helpless accomplice. He would have given the world to have been a little braver at the time, but it did not occur to him that he might still be brave. The secret of Jane (Xalbraith and the cursed'entry in. the daybook closed his mouth. Hours passed; the class began to arrive; the members of the unhappy GIray were dealt out to one and to another, and received without remark. Richardson was made happy with the head; and before the hour of free- dom rang Fettes trembled with exul- tation to perceive how far they had already gone towards safety. For two days he continued to watch, with increasing joy, the dreadful pro- cess of disguise. On the third day Macfarlane made his appearance-he had been ill, he said; bat he made up for lost time by the energy with which he directed the students. To Richardson, in particular, he extended the most valu- able assistance and advice, and that student encouraged by the praise of the demonstrator, bunted high with ambitious hopes, and saw the medal already in his grasp. Before the week was out Macfar lane's prophecy had been fulfilled. Fettes had outlived his terrors and forgotten his abasement. He began to plume himself upon his courage and had so arranged the story in his mind that he could look back on these events with an unhealthy pride. Of his accomplice he saw but little. They met, of course, in the business of the class; they received their-orders to gether from Mr K--- ; at times they had a word or two in private, and Macfarlane was from first to last par- ticularly kind and jovial. But it .was plain that he avoided any reference to their common secret; and even when Fettes whispered to him that he had cast in his lot with the lions and for sworn the lambs, he only signed to him smilingly to hold his peace. At length an occasion arose which threw the pair once more into a closer union. Mr K was again short of subjects; pupils were eager, and it was a part of this teacher's preten- sions to be always well supplied. At the same time there came the news of a burial in the rustic graveyard of Glencorse. Time has little changed the place in questjon, It stood, then as now, upon a cross road, out of call of human habitations, and buried fathoms deep in the foliage of six. cedar trees. The cries of the sheep upon the neighboring hills, the stream lets upon either hand, one loudlv singing among pebbles, the other dripping furtively from pond to pond, the stir of the wind in mountainous old flowering chestnuts, and, once in seven days, the voice of the bell and the old tunes of the percentor, were the only sounds that disturbed the silence round the rural church. The Resurrection Man-to use a by-name of the period- was not to be deterred by any of the sanctities of customary piety. It was part of his trade to despise and desecrate the scrolls and trumpets of old tombs, the paths worn by the feet of worshippers and mourners, and the offerings and the inscriptions of bereaved affection. To rustic neighborhoods, where love is more than commonly tenacious, and where some bonds of blood or fellow- ship unite the entire society of a parish, the body-snatcher, far from being repelled by natural respect, was attracted by the ease and safety of his task. To he dies that had been laid in earth in joyful expectation of a far different awakening there came that hasty, lamp lit, terror-haunted resur- rection of the spade and mattock. The coffin was forced, the cements torn, and the melancholy relics, clad in sackcloths, after being rattled for hours on moonless by ways, were at length exposed to uttermost Indigni- ties before a class of gaping boys. Somewhat as two vultures may swoop upon a dying lamb, Fettes and Macfarlane were to be let loose upon a grave in that green and quiet resting place. The wife of a farmer, a woman who had lived for sixty years, and been known for nothing but good butter and a godly conversation, was to be rooted| from her grave at mid- night, and carried, dead and naked, to that far away city that she had always honoured with her Sunday s best,; the place beside her family was to be empty till the crack of doom; her innocent and almost venerable members to be exposed to that last curiosity of the anatomist. Late one afternoon the pair set forth, well wrapped in cloths, and fiurnished with a' formidable bottle. It rained without remission-a cold, dense, lashing rain. Now and again there blew a puff of wind, but these sheets of falling water kept it down. Bottle and all, it was a Bad and silent drive as far as Penicuik, where they were to spend the evening. They stopped once to hide their implements in a thick bush not far from the churchyard, and once again at the Fisher's Tyrst, to have a/toast before the kitchen fire, and vary their nips of whisky with a glass of ale. When they reached their journey's end the gig was housed, the horse was fed and comforted, and the two young doctors, in a private room, sat down to the best dinner and best wine the house afforded. The lights, the fire, the beating rain upon the window, the cold, incongruous work that lay be- fore them, added zest to their enjoy- ment of the meal. With every glass their cordiality increased. Soon MacFarlane handed a little pile of gold to his companion. "A compliment,* he said, * between friends these little d--d accommo- dations ought to fly like pipe lights.* Fettes pocketed the money, and applauded the sentiment to the echo. . You are a philosopher,' he cried. * I was an ass till I knew you. You and K--- between you , by the Lord Harry! but you'll make a man of me.' 'Of course we shall we shall,' ex- plained Macfarlane. 'I man ? tell you, it required a man to back me up the other morning'. There are some big, brawling, forty-year- old cowards would have turned sick at the look of the d--dthing; hut not you-you kept your head, I watched you.* 'Well, and who not!' Fettes thus vaunted himself. 'It was no affair of mine. There was nothing to gain on the one side but disturbance, and on the other I could count on yonr gratit- ude, don't you see ?* And he slapped his pocket till the gold pieces rang. Macfarlane somehow felt a certain touch of alarm at these unpleasant words : he may have regretted that he bad taught his young companion so successfully ; but he had no time to interfere, for the the other noisily continued in his boastful strain. 'The great thing is not to be afraid. Now, between you and me, I don't want to hang-that's practical; but for all cant, Macfarlane, I was born with a contemp. Hell, God, Devil' right, wrong, sin, crime, and all that old gallery of curiosities-they may frighten boys, but men of the world, like you and me, despise them. Here ' to the memory of Gray." It was by this time somewhat late, The gig, according to order, was brought round to the door with both lamps brightly shining, and the young men had to pay their bill and take the road. They announced that they were bound for the Peebles, and drove in that direction till they were clear of the last houses of the town; then, extinguishing the lamps, returned jupon their course, and followed a by road towards Gleneorse. There was no sound but that of their own jpassage, and the incessant strident pouring of the rain. It was pitch dark; here and there a white gate or a white stone in the wall guided them for a short space across the night; but for the most part it was at a foot's pace, and almost groping, that they picked their way through that reson- ant blackness to their solemn and isolated destination. In the sunken roads that traverse the neighbourhood of the burymg-groumd the last glimmer failed them, and it became necessary to handle a match and reillume one of the lanterns of the gig. Thus under the dripping trees, and environed by living shadows, they reach- ed the scene of their unhallowed labours. They were both experienced in such affairs' and powerful with the spade; and they had scarce been twen- ty minutes at their task before they were rewarded by a dull rattle on the coffin-lid. At the same moment Mac- j fiarlane, having hurt fab hand upon a stone, flung it carelessly over his head The grave in which they now stood almost to the shonlders, was close to the edge of the plateau of the grave- yard ; and the gig lamp had been prop" ped, the better to illuminate their labours, against a tree and on the immediate verge of the steep bank descending to the stream- Chance had taken a sure aim with the stone. Then came a clang of broken glass: night fell upon them; sounds alterna- tly dull and ringing announ- ced the bounding of the lantern down the bank, and its occasional collision with the trees. A stone or two, which it had dislodged in its. descent, rattled behind it into the profundities of the glen; and then silence, like night resumed its sway; and they might bend their hearing to its utmost pitch, but naught was to be heard except the rain, now march- ing to the wind, now steadily falling over miles of open country. They were so nearly at an end of their abhord task that they judged it wisest to complete it in the dark. The coffin was exhumed and broken open; the body inserted in the drip- ping sack and carried between them to the gig; one mounted, to keep it in its place, and the other taking the horse by the mouth, groped along by wall and bush, until they reached the wider road by the Fisher's Tryst. Here was a faint diffused radiancy, which they hailed like daylight; by that they pushed the horse to a good pace and began to rattle almost merrily in the direction of the town. They had both been wetted to the skin during their operations, and now as the gig jumped among the deep ruts, the thing that stood propped between them fell now upon one and now upon the other. At every repe- tition of the horrid contact each instinctively repelled it with greater haste; and the process, natural although it was, began to tell upon the nerves of the companions, Mac- farlane made some ill-favored jest about the fanner's wife, but it came hollowly from his lips, and was allowed to drop in silence. Still their unnatural burden bumped from side to side, and now the head would j be laid, as if in confidence, upon their shoulders, and now the drenching sackcloth would flap icily about their faces. A creeping chill began to possess the soul of Fettes. He peered at the bundle and it seemed somehow larger than at first. All over the country side, and from every degree of distance, the farm dogs accom- panied their passage with tragic ululations; and it grew and grew upon his mind that some unnatural miracle had been accomplished, that some nameless change had befallen the dead body* and that it was in fear of their unholy burden that the dogs were howling. 'For God's sake.' said he, making a great effort to arrive at speech, 'for God'a sake, let's have a light!" Seemingly MacFarlane was affected in the same direction; for, though he made no reply, he stopped the horse, passed the reins to his companion, got down, and proceeded to kindle the remaining lamp. They had by that time got no further than the cross road down to Ancheaclinny. The rain still poured as though the Deluge were freturning, and it was no easy matter to make a light in such a world of wet and darkness. When at last the flickering blue flame had been transferred to tihe wick, and be gan. to expand and clarify, and shed a wide circle of misty brightness round the gig. it became possible for the two young men to see each other and the thing they had along with them. The rain had moulded the rough Backup to the outlines of Hie body underneath; the head was distinct from the trunk, the shoulders plainly modelled; something at once spectral and human rivetted their eyes upon the ghastly comrade of their drive. For some time MaeFarlane stood motionless, holding up the hand. A nameless dread was swathed, like a wet sheet, about the body, and tight ened the white skin upon the face of Fettes; a fear that was meaningless, a horror of what could not be, kept mounting in his brain. Another beat of the watch, and he had spoken ; but his comrade had forestalled him. That is not a woman,* said Mac- farlane, in a hushed voice. * It was a woman when we put her in" whispered Fettes. * Hold that lamp,* said the other I must see her face.' And as Fettes took the lamp his companion untied the fastenings of the saek and drew down the cover from the head. The light fell very clear upon the dark, well-moulded features and smootirshaven cheeks of a too familiar countenance, often beheld in dreams by both of these yonng men. A wild yell rung up into the roadway; the lamp fell, broke, and was extinguished; and the horse terrified by this unusual commotion, .bounded and went off towards Edin- burgh at a gallop, bearing along with it, sole occupant of the gig, the body of the long dead and long dissected Gray, [THE END,] 