THE WREATHS. Of tho nbovo many wore from tho estab lishment of Messrs. Searl and Sons, the tho following being tho choicest supplied by this firm: Tho wreath and cross combined specially cabled for by Lord Carrington, This was a finopiccoof floral work, consis ting of orchids, oarly chrysanthemums, and ither choioost flowors and foliage, A cross for Lord nnd Lady Glasgow (Now Zealand) was composed of wator-lilios, orchids, and many other choico hot-houso flowors and foliago ; a wreath for Lioutonant-Govornor cf South Australia, composod of similai flowors. A cross for Sir Honry Norman, Queensland, was also vory fino. A cross sont for Sir Frcdorick and Lady Darly was conspiououB by having in it a bloom of the lovo (or Holy Ghost) orchid, a vory raw flower indood, togothor with water lillios ind othor ehoico flowers and foliago. The Gorman Consul's was u very fine cross, nountod in oxquisito stylo with the Gorman colours in most- boautiful ribbons. The emblems for tho Promior and pooplo oi Victoria, tho Mayor and citizons of Brisbano, tho Mayor and citizens of Sydney, tho Promior and pooplo of South Australia were all of vory boautiful dosign. Hillston, Thursday. James Hannon, liotolkeeper at Mount Allen, was admitted to the hospital here last night in an uncon- oious Btnto. He died this morning. Tho information received is that the deceased had words over money mat ters with a man named Sutherland, who, it alleged, struck Hannon a blow knocking him down, and the latter, falling on the hack of his head, was rendered insensible. All efforts by local peoplo to restore conoiousness were unavailing' and Hannon was was brought to the Hillston Hospital, whero ho sucoumhed, as stated. A "Woman Flogged. — It is report ed from Uganda that there is con siderable disaffection amongst the natives against tho British Adminis tration. It is reported that nn Eng lish officer ordered a negress, deemed guilty of somo offence, to receive 40 stripes. The punishment was admin istered, and the effeot has been to cause an agitation amongst the na tives against the British. A Man Blown to Atoms. — A shocking acoident occoured at Fen- church-street railway station on Mar. 15\. An optician who was operating a magic-lantern dropped a oylinder whioh was filled with gas, and a ter- rifio explosion resulted. The man was blown to fragments nnd soveral other people were injured. The re mains of the man wore collected in a basket. At the Bombala show on Thursday a horso riden by Walter Hammond of Delgaato fell and rolled over his rider, killing him instantly. Tho Burrangong Chronicle is re sponsible for the following: — Some short timo ago a publican between Young and Burrowa was the viotim of a olever piece of work by a tramp. Tho lattor rushed speedily into the roadsido inn with a tight bandage round his wrist and his littlo finger slightly out, doolnring that ho had been bitten by a snake. The publican without a moment's delay, adminis tered a strong dose of brandy, whioh, whon unhesitatingly swallowed, the "pationt" pretondod to bo dying, with tho result that tho doso was re peated. A young Marengo man napponed to ho at the public-house at tho time, and volunteered to drive the " unfortunate " man into town with all possible speed. Prior to starting the "life or death " journey, however, the sympathetic publican provided n goodly supply of brandy, whioh, need less to say, was all disposed of by the rogue before the completion of the journey. When nenring the town the rogue jumped out of the buggy and made a confession of tho whole affair, stating that he had " hod" the publican for a bottle of brandy and the young man for a ride to town. After a brief fistio encounter the oun- ning man mado his disappearance having unquestionably accomplished his ends. At Balniain on Saturday a boy named Luke Laudon, 12 years, was admitted into tho Balmaiu Hospital in an unconcious state, suffering from a wound in the head. On tho previous night he was standing in tiie vioinity of a inerry-go-round, on a vacant piece of land off Darling-street, whon ho was struok on the head by a stone. Ho was subsequently conveyed to the hospital, and died there the same night. Strange Disappearance. — Tho polico report a strange disappearance of a man named William Woods, who camo to Goulburn from Sydney about 14 days ago. It appears that Woods, who is said to he a sober, industrious man, obtained a pass from tho Sydney Labour Bureau to como to Bungen- ioro. He broke his journey at Goul burn and sent a wire to Sydnoy to hie wife, asking her to leave at oaoe and meet him at Goulburn. Tho wife came along immediately, hut on hpi arrival in Goulburn she could find no trace of her husband. The polioe have been making _ inquires into the matter Binoe but without success. The vrife who was without means, woe taken in hand by the City Mission, who sent her book to Sydney. The aooident to Lady Augusta Boyle, daughter of tho Governor of dew Zealand, is likely to prove more serious than was anticipated. Sup puration has. set in, ttnd it is feared she may lose her oat.. 