£v^v-r' cii^ii'-:- '?'-' Final Kon^d. Paddington Premiers. Paddington v. South Sydney, At the fcJydney Cricket Ground on Satnrday Paddington and South Sydney, the two teams leading in the Electorate Premiership Competition, continued and con cluded their match in the final round. The weather was simply delightful, the wicket aa near perfection as possible, and the 700 ( ope 600 spectators most enjwusiastic. The state of the game on—resuming was-:' Sonth Sydney, first innjn!g8}il71; Paddings ton, first innings, two wickets for 31. Alec Bannerm&n;, wito 8 ?:*° his credit, Trans ruTJii ' r--^-fni nm i . v+* ?#*??**? bi.^v»-vw«# -. --^ ? ? - ? » Noble. The newcomer did not stay long with his captain, being clean bowled by Sobineon when he had only scored 4. With fhree wickets down for 42 the chances of Pad dington seemed none too bright; but Banner man was still there, and, as subsequent events turned out, the little stonewaller proved a fatal thorn in the side of the opposing bowlers, and an effective stumbling block to the Buccess of South Sydney. E. Noble took his brother's place, and opened with half-a-dozen runs in two hits. There was not much certainty about these two strokes, but with a few words of warning from his patient skipper the new comer settled down to steady and correct cricket. The combined efforts of Robinson and the brothers Callaway and Donnan failed to dislodge the batsmen, and slowly but surely the rune came, till at 3.15 a superb on-drive by Noble brought the century in view amid much cheering. A few minutes later Noble, getting properly on to a ball from Syd. Callaway, lifted it clean out of. the ground for 5. At 117 Syd. Gregory, the Sonth Sydney captain, relieved the elder Callaway, and an appeal to get rid of Noble off his first delivery was disallowed. Bannennan was reaching well forward, as usual, mani festing all hia old-time determina tion, confidence, and steadiness, and a peculiar, thoueh effective, leg glance by Noble off H. Donnan left Paddington just 50 to make to win. The same batsman soon afterwards took his individual score past 60, and the innings total to 130, by banging H. Donnan twice in one over 'for 4 each time, amid, loud cheering. Eobinson now relieved Donnan, and began by tossing some very tempting balls down to Noble. The bats man could not restrain his inclination to 'have a' lash,' and only a few minutes elapsed before the bowler had the satisfaction of seeing Noble ca.ught in the trap he had laid. A curiy well-pitched slow ball was sent down, and the batsman, not getting properly on to it, was easily taken in the long-field-on by Trump6r. There was not one blemish on his invaluable innings of 64. Paddinston still required 40 runs to win with six wickets ^to fall ae J. J. Kelly emerged from the pavilion, The wicket-keeper was distinctly uneasy for a couple of overs, and was once nearly . bowled by Gregory. ' He only compiled 7, however, when the little Sonth Sydney skipper got one past him, which not only beat the batsman, but smashed his off stump. 5 for 142. Joe Davis partnered Bannennan, and put to gether 5 in as many minutes, when he had to retire lee? before to Eobinson. 8 for 147. Twenty-five were yet wanted by Paddington as 13\. Kelly came in, the excitement being intense. The bowling and fielding were particularly keen, and run-settinsr was a matter of extreme difficult?. With 1C0 on the board, Gregory sent Kelly a beauty, which struck his pads ; the fieldsmen unanimously shouted ' How's that,' the umpire nodded assent, and the batsman had to Tetire. Sweetnam, who fol lowed, began with a single and a brace ; and after a succession of maidens the stonewaller pulled Eobinson to fine leg for 3, Paddington now requiring 5 runs to win. Bannerman quickly pulled the match out of the fire by banging Gregory twice to the fence, and the ball bounding up against the palings in front of members' stand, told that Paddington had won the 1895 premiership by three wickets and 4 runs. Bannerman's display was a very fine one. He did not eive the ghost of a chance, and was cheered to the echo as he retired. Following are the scores : South Sydney. First Innings... ... ... 171. Paddington — First Innings. A. C. Bannerman. J. J. Kelly, b not out ... Gl Gregory ... 7 A. C. Mackenzie, J. Davis, lbw, b bBobinson ... 20 Eobinson ... 5 E. Brewster, b E. Kelly, lbw, b Robinson ... 0 Gregory ... 0 A. Noble, b Eobin- A. Sweetnam, sot son ... ... 4 out ... ... 3 E. Noble, c Trum- Sundries ... 12 per, b Kobisson C3 — Seven wickets for 175 Bowling Analysis.— E. Donnan, 9 overs, 2 maidens, 23 runs; T. Eobinson, 25 overs, 8 maidens, 61 rune, 5 wickets ; S. Caliaway, 7 overs, 3 maidens, 18 runs ; J. Callaway, 10 overs, 3 maiden*, 23 runs; H. Don nan. 5 overs, 1 maiden, 16 runs ; S. E. Gre gory, 13 overs, 6 maidens, 23 runs. 2 wickets. 