MRS. TREGASEISS A KOVEL OF ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN LIFE. Br MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED, Authoress of "An Australian. Heroine,* "Policy and Passion," "Nadine," "Miss Jacobsen's Chance," "Arina," "The Romance of a Station,1' and (in conjunction with Mr. Justin McCarthy) "The Right Honorable," "The Ladies'Gallery," &a;, &c.; '[Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XV.—Tinww With tub "EV.vTm. It was a week later. Clare Tregaskiss was alone at Mount "YYombo. Tregaskiss and Mr. Hansen had started off with packhorses to bring back what they could save from the wreckage of the drays. Mr. Hansen had re turned with Jo Hamm and his team of bullocks pressed into the service, carrying most of the loading, but Tregaskiss had gone to Dganda and was still absent. Times were turbulent just now on the Leura, and no doubt he . wished to be where his presence was most likely to be useful—at the headquarters of the pastoralist committee. So his wife reasoned. He had offered a reward in hopes of discover ing the perpetrators of the 'outrage upon his horses, and it was owing to his urgent, com plaints as much as to Mr. Cusack's frenzied entreaties for police protection that a military, patrol had been told off for the district and a force of special constables enrolled. The delayed shearing was proceeding vigor ously at Brinda Plains and at other of the large sheep stations employing southern labor, and so incensed were the unionists that they threatened to, burn every one. of the wool sheds, and to "wreck the train beating wool bales from Cedar Hill to Port Victoria. There was little or nothing to fear for Mount .Wombo, unless it were on tne score of Trekas kiss's personal unpopularity, to whioh no doubt was owing the loss he had sustained in the sticking up. to his, drays. Mount Wombo, Darra- Darra, and a few others were cattle stations,' and employed but a few men. Tre gaskiss, at any rate, , appeared to take it for granted that his wife was perfectly safe with no other protectors than Snand and the two . Chinamen.. Hansen had gone hack to the out station, where he was more needed, as a muster was going on,, and, besides, there was extra work at the bore in view of the continued drought,, and even Mr. Shand was absent a whole day at a time carrying rations thither. Clare Tregaskiss was .not nervous,in the sense in which ordinary women are nervous. In fact, she -rather relished the Slip to her monotonous existence. _ And then—oh miser able certainty, long since established in her mind, the absence of her husband was an un told relief. She roused herself by an effort of will from the dreamy mood into which she had lately fallen. She had got into a way of brooding, restlessly - upon the limitations of her lot. Geneste's words haunted . her. ■ It did seem hard that 'she , should never know .the sweetest of human joys. Ho had known it, or be .could not haye spoken with so ijnich fervor. Had he.then so loved the worthless woman upon whom he had so nearly, according to Blanchard, thrown-away . his life? Could she have been worthless if he so loved her ? _ She wondered, and wondered, and somehow in their brief acquaintance every look, word, and gesture of Geneste's seemed to stand out and acquire a new,significance. She was wise enough, to know that this brooding was unhealthy, but her very pre occupation enabled her to bear more easily the jar of Tregaskiss's companionship. Now that . he was gone she could "throw herself more readily into her daily tasks. She set to work upon some calico frocks for Ning, and began a campaign against 'Gusta's negligences. She had the bachelors' quarters cleansed and re-. organised, the store put tidy, and certain alterations made in tne arrangement of the furniture of the house. Much of this she did with her own hands; .and it was in trying to move a heavy table that she strained her back, and then one day discovered that her body was. aching disproportionately and that she was very cold, though the thermometer stood over JLOO deg. When the .fits of shivering were fol lowed by severer pain and by fever and giddi ness she knew without being told that she was in for a touch of Northern fever. The second day that it racked her—or rather the fourth from her seizure, for this fever holds its victim on alternate days—as ill-luck would have it, butchers came, and Mr. Shand was compelled to take them to a distant part of the run, which involved two nights away from the head station. He left her with uneasiness and regret, but he could do nothing except send a message to Tregaskiss by the mailman who was passing and another to Jo Ramm's wife,: who was camped with her husband's drays some. 20 miles distant, begging her to. take'the first opportunity of getting toMount Wombo. Mrs. Itamm was one of the resources of the district when servants ran short or a sick nurse was wanted. All day Clare lay aching, burning, and dizzy, with barely energy enough to take such simple remedies as suggested themselves, and helpless . under the clumsy ministrations of the half caste, Gusta, and Ah Sin. She remained stretched upon the sofa in the drawing-room, wrapped in her opossum cloak, seeing curious visions and. deluded by wandering fancies, longing, when she could think collectively, that the horns would pass and bring her to the off day of comparative ease. It was 4 o'clock. Ning was playing with .her doll by her mother's side acting a tragedy of Debil-debil. The child's imagination, fed by the legends of the blacks' camp, had of late been exercising itself upon this mythical personage. • "Piccaninny, you step inside .there," re hearsed Ning, putting her doll in the centre of a circle on tne carpet defined by tiny heaps pf twigs which she called her fires. She had seen Claribel lightfires round the playground tokeep Debil-debil away. "Mummy, my make plenty fire, and suppose Debil-debil look after picca ninny, he sit down alongside fire and picca ninny. quite safe. Oobbon old, that fellow Debil-debil; Cobbon cold—like it, Mummy. Ba'al he got him possum rug. Budgery fire— my mean very good fire. N° touch_ Ning's piccaninny." But Ning's dramatic instinct demanded that piccaninny should be naughty and stray heyond'the circle into the . clutches of Debil-debil, who was represented by a nigger doll mutilated and of forbidding aspect. Piccaninny was lost under the sofa, whither Debil-debil had carried her, and Ning tragically roamed the room wring ing her Bands like a bereft dementer; while • she sang a blacks' "TJgal," which the half caste had taught her as the accepted form of exorcism for " Debil-debil," 'or the night roamer Yo-wi, or, the snake monster Wa-wi, or any other, spirit or " wunda" whatsover. Yuru dhari nje, yuri dnari nje, ' Dula ranja barilla, yuri dhari nje; "Oh, Ning child, don't make so much noise. Mummy has a headache. Mummy is very sick." ' . • , The dogs barked outside. The thud of a horse's hoofs sounded in the yard. Had the unionists come, Clare wondered vaguely. Ning ceased her outcries as Gusta entered. "Please, Mrs. Tregaskiss, it's a gentleman." Clare roused herself and turned, her dazed eyes to the door to encounter the anxious gaze of Geneste. ■' , . "You are ill," he exclaimed, "and there s nobody to look after yon." ! " Mummy's sick, and piccaninny belonging to me is sick, and debil-debil has carried her off, and Ning has been a good girl, Dr. Geneste, and lias not done any tiling to mafia Mummy worse," announced Ning upon her knees by the sofa, diving for the lost doU which she had flung far.towards the wall. "All right, Piccaninny; let me come near your mother and.see what is the matter with her. Ah, I know what it is." He had her hand in his and his fingers upon her pulse, "You have got a touch of fever. When did it come on?" ,, , ,. . "I don't know-—-Im all aching and con fused. Yes, I suppose it's fever. Is Keith with you?" . ,*1. "He's at Uganda harrying the pastoralist committee. They've been having rows there. No, the fact is Rodd passed and left some sort of message about your being alone, and that I was to tell Tregaskiss if I saw him, and as I. didn't quite like the notion of your being left with only those two Chinamen I hurried along. Lucky I did too. Mrs. Tregaskiss, this won't do. You must be got to bed at once." He went out and called Gusta and Claribel, and among them they prepared Clare's bed, and he carried her in, leaving the two women to undress her. Afterwards he routed about Tregaskiss's office, and found the medicine chest and the medicine he wanted. When he came back Clare was in bed, her eye3 wild and. speech wandering. There were alternations of shivering and fever, and he saw that she was in for rather a bad bout. He gave her laudanum to induce perspiration, and by and by she got quieter. With the deftness of a nurse he moved about, getting her all that could make her more comfortable, and oddly enough there seemed nothing strange to her in his attendance; it was as though she had been used to it long, long ago, and his very pre gence brought a sense of rest and soothing1 indescribably delightful. Geneste was perplexed. Clearly she was not in a< condition to be left t() the tender mercies of the half-caste and the incompetent Gusta. He mentally ran his eye over the list of neighbors, but the only one near was Mrs. Carmody, who needed [caring for even mora than Clare. He thought of motherly Mrs. Cusack and sympathetic Helen, but Brinda Plains was fifty-five miles distant and in a state of siege, all the men on the station sleeping with firearms in readiness, expecting, while the free shearers were at work, an attack on the woolshed. There was not even a stock man's wife available at Darra Darra; and he had given up the idea of procuring a nurse as hopeless when the recollection of Mrs. Ramm, the bullock-drover's wife, camped half way be tween the two stations, came to him as an ra t spiration. ThateveningwhenCIarewassleeping under the influence of the opium, he saddled one of TregaskissV horses, put a sidesaddle ou the quietest of the lady's hacks, and went at full speed in search of Mrs. llamm. It was 20 • mile3 to Joe's camp, and good riding was needed for them to reach Mount Wombo by breakfast time. " I have brought someone to look after you," ho said to Mrs. Tregaskiss, when, after having bathed and dressed, ho came to pay her a pro fessional visit. She looked the ghost of herself, so pulled down was she and so shaken. Mrs. llamm came in behind him, and made an awkward salutation to the sick mistress, j She was _ the roughest-looking of creatures, j short, thick-set, broad-featured, her face pitted j with smallpox marks, her wiry iron-grey hair cropped close " for the convenience of it," her hands huge, red, and apparently designed by nature for the use of a serubbiug-brush. But she was scrupulously clean, aud her short dark blue "skirt aud striped jacket were fresh from the wash. ''Mrs. Ramm," murmured Clare in astonish ment. '' Where did you come from It's the doctor himself that rode over to the camp last night and fetched me. My,word. Mrs. Tregaskiss, I'd have ridden a hundred miles to see a decent woman again. It's a year and more that I've trudged along beside Rainm and the bullock-dray, or else sat oil the wool hales: and now I'm camping by myself close agen the Bore, while he does a lob for the road surveyors. I just went to the men's camp to clean up. Lord, it was dirty ! I ain't no great shakes, and then men laughed fine at me with my house under the dray. But I says, ' Them as lives in glass houses shouldn't shy stones at them as lives in drays,' arid I had the laugh of them when I saw their muck." Clare turned an eloquent look*of gratitude on Geneste. How her face had changed, lie thought. ' It had lost that strange masked look. Or was it only when she looked at him that it reflected her real inner self'! "You went all that way to bring her 1 You must have been on horseliaek the whole night. And you did it for mo !" " You forget I'm used to that sort of thing. I really couldn't feel happy about you, in the hands of Claribei and Gusta. Mrs. Ramm may not he au accomplished nurse, but she knows how to make a bed, anyhow, and can keep thing3 a bit tidy about you." "'Deed, sir," said Mrs. Ramm, bridling up as she paused in the act of dusting the looking glass, "you mus'n't think I'm not used to gentlefolks' ways. Before I married Ramm I was servant to the Mr. Micklethwaites as wa3 just straight from a castle in England. And if you'd a just seen that house. Satin cushions, my word, _ and a Brussels carpet and hair brushes with a silver letter on 'em—for all the world like yours, Mrs. Tregaskiss. Not but what you've got a nice place here, and Rainm he do say it does his heart good to look at theI • gimcracks and flowers about. I allers_ holds on to flowers, aud I mind well how thinks I at! them Micklethwaites, Lor this droring-room j do look that cheerless with not a green sprout or a lady in it.' And I gets a dish and puts water in it and picks a lot of shallot tops —there warn't nothing but vegetables—and sticks them in; and, my word, they did look ;1 fine and they smelled beautiful. Them gentle men was that .pleased, they laughed to split their sides when they seed 'em." ' i "Well you needn't put shallot tops here Mrs. llamm, for there are plenty of flowers in thtf garden. And now you shall go and see if Ah Sin hasn't got something good for Mrs. Tregaskiss's breakfast, and you shall set Ah Sin at once to kill a chicken for broth, and I trust to you to bring it to your patient regu larly." , "You are very good to me," said Glare softly when they were alone. "I don't like to trouble you so." He had been preparing a dose, and gave it to lier to swallow before he replied.' Then he stooped down and touched lier hand. He had the physician's touch, cool and healing—a touch which lias always some thing of a magnetic effect upon the nerves. "Let me be good to myself by stopping a day or two and trying to be good to you, he said", with a tender intonation. in his voice. " You need it, aud there are not many to be good to you." (To be continued.) 