BRITISH AND FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIETY. MEETING XT STANLEY. The annual meeting at Stanley in .aid of the British and toreign Bible -Society was held in the ' esleyan Church on Tuesday evening, when the Rev. Ganort Serjeant and Ur. K. Warren, of beech worth, attended as a deputation from the Beechworth Auxiliary. Mr. R. Warren was voted to the chair, and the choir sang the 88' ith hymn, " Father of Mercies in tliy Word." Rev. OA NON" SERJEANT read the 17th chapter of St. John's Gospel, and offered prayer, at the conclusion of which Saukey's 175th hymn— "'while foes are strong and dangers near"— was sung. The OH.AlKAl yN then introduced the Rev. Canon Serjeant, remarking that the reverend gentleman would adddress the meeting on the inestimable value of the Bible and the duty of all to support the society, which had for its special object the dissemination of the Word of God. Canon SER-I EA d C spoke as follows : I am very glad to have had the oppor tunity of a quiet stroll to -Stanley and of forming an acquaintance with the good people of the township, so far as that can be done in a transient visit on such an occasion as the present. A larger audi ence, certainly, than I see before me might have been expected ; but the paucity of our numbers may -be owing, and in all probability is owing, to the restricted notice of the meeting. There i« comfort, however, in the reflection that from small beginnings no mean results have often followed, i'lie circulation of the Bible without note or comment is the paramount consideration with the British and Foreign Bible Society. In this all denominations may well be united. " Thy Word," said Jesus, in that sublime prayer to the Father recorded in lohnxvii., "is truth." Yos, absolute truth, i his, like a pure crystalline stream, has travelled down to our world from the Throne, without taint or admixture of error in one vital point. And it is to speak to you on some Bible-topic ; on some phase of the question relating to the sacred Volume ; to speak to you with a view to stimulate vour efforts — your zealous co-operative efforts— for its still wider dispersion, and the advancement, accordingly, of the cause of that grand association, that we have come to you to-night, i he very fact of our presence on such an errand pro claims to you at once the profound belief we have in the Scriptures as the inspired Word of God. Influenced by this con viction, the friends and promoters of the society just mentioned are straining every nerve to multiply copies and disseminate them in the language of every nation, people and tongue throughout the wide globe. The grounds on which they have been led to the conclusion that the Volume referred to has lod for its author and the enlightenment of the world for its aim may be readily stated ; nor do i know that I could better or more profit ably use the time at my disposal than by asking jrqu to give ine your patient atten tion while I venture to make the attempt to set some portion (though necessarily a limited and very brief portion) of those grounds concisely before you. The gentle men who are to follow me are free to address you on the origin, the progress, the gradual expansion and present status of the now world-wide operations of that federated body of Bible-loving men whom we have the honor to represent. And : am the more disposed to leave that task in their hands— in the event of their con currence as to its expediency— I say f am the more disposed to leave this in their hands, owing to the circumstance that have already furnished a slight sketch of . these matters in the anniversary sermon delivered by me before the united congre gations in the Oddfellows' Hall, Beech worth, iii the early part of this year — a discourse which most of you, I presume, will have read, as it was subsequently published in " The Ovens and Hurray Advertiser," in two editions, and repub lished with the auxiliary's report, copies being freely sent to the various branches in this district and elsewhere. That L may not then, consciously or unconsciously, be reproducing those remarks, but simply leave to my colleagues the option of amplifying and supplementing them, or striking out for themselves a new course altogether, as they may deem most ex pectant, L shall occupy myself rather in adducing a specimen of the evidence on which we accept the Bible as from God, and, by consequence, acknowledge the obli gation which devolves on us to unite with the coadjutors of the British and Foreign Bible Society in helping forward, to the best of our ability, the momentous and gigantic work which it seeks to accomplish. Archbishop -Vhately, among other labors of his acute intellect, produced a short and effective treatise in defence of the divine origin of the Christian religion. It is worthy of careful perusal ; nor will it be difficult for the reader of ordinary memory to retain the main outlines at least in his mind. Let us follow in his track. Christianity exists. 'There must be, I think, at the lowest computation two hundred and eighty millions profess ing it. At the bare mention of this you become instantly aware that among such a multitude there must be found some of the most cultured and erudite persons that ever drew breath on our globe. How came it to pass that such as these were induced to embrace Christianity ? There must have been some very cogent and, indeed, overwhelming reasons for taking this step. For just consider for one moment the character of the religion taught by our Lord. It was entirely op posed to the natural thoughts and preju dices of mankind. It condemned the national beliefs of the wisest of the heathen as a tissue of fables," and their worship as a degrading superstition. It- insisted on a complete renunciation of that which they held most sacred, and in lieu of it the adoption of a creed which exposed its adherents to perils on every side — to the loss of all things ; to con tumely and scorn ; to sufferings and death m forms, the most terrific and appalling. We make the assertion on the testimony of an apostle that -Christ's followers in those diys were "stoned, were sawn asunder, were tempted, were slaiu with the sword. They wandered about in sheepskins and goatskins, being destitute, afflicted, tormented. They wandered in deserts, and in mountains, and in dens, and in caves of the earth." So writes St. Paul in ell. xi. of the Epistle to the Hebrew's., And the annals of the Chris tian church, as well :is the monumental remains of early Christian times accessible to us now, only too amply corroborate the faithfulness of the graphic picture drawn by his pen. To cite but a single example Suppose that the financial institutions of this colony had remained sound, so that instead of pecuniary disasters which have arrested the prosperity of so many, we could start next week on a visit to Europe. Through the agency of our friend Mr. Warren we secure our berths in one of the fine ships belonging to the P. and O. or Orient line. We take train to Mel bourne, and get on board in due course. After a few weeks of pleasant voyaging, if we escape sea-sickness, or, most dolor ous and distressing, if alas ! continuous victims of inal de mer, we get out at Naples. "We proceed to inspect Rome, and three miles from that city, in the Appian Way, the Catacombs. There are sixty of them, but not all have been re opened. Under the guidance of an ac companying cicerone, we descend into the mysteries of the interior, and deep below the . earth's surface inspect with Wondering eyes- the dens, the caves, the silent, solemn subterranean retreats, in which . the primitive believers concealed themselves to escape -the tortures, the fierce and fiery trials, with which they were menaced. Here they held their simple worship, partook of the bread and wine, the appointed memorials of their Saviour's dying love, and sang their hymns .Him as God. Here their bodies lan guished, and in incredible numbers here were they buried. Examine these tombs, "ere all those galleries in a state to be explored, you might do so, if you had strength and time, through 900 miles of were. The duBt of &ygn; millions, it dmfoi1Vtthfie h?\0t them « a, r first three centuries, when Aurelius Antoninus, Decianand Dioclasian X Profufly the blood of the safote" _ hat they form a section in the martyrs' noble army may be known from the in- onri?be-nS f uhe w0rd Iarfcyr 80 frequent n their tombs, as well as conjectured tb,?» rf qaid' Probably blood, in those phials contiguous to the bodies in the lecesses on each side of us : while the palm branch which we also discern along with them indicates victory. Now, what I want to impress upon you is this : that these witnesses for Christ must have had rluu' irresistioie — proof irrefutable - proof lucid as a sunbeam, before they could have been prevailed on thus to resign all things for His sake, and submit with alacrity and joy even to those ac cumulated terrors. Whence did they aenve it ? t occurs to us at once to point out that there was the twofold evidence of prophecy and of miracles. The Old and New Testament were mutually con firmatory of each other, and their com bined light broke with such a lustre on the scrutinising ken of the inquirer that lie was compelled to give in liis adliesion to the truth that they contained such a revelation to our fallen race as eould only have emanated from the. all- wise, the all- merciful and Omnipotent God. I invite you for a while to glance at the facts which the Gospel discloses, and to com pare them with the predictions announced by the prophets. Direct your view in the first place to its central figure— the cen tral orb of the system around which, from Genesis to the ivonderful Apocalypse, all other ligUtc move In oitguioifcc ordor and harmonious dependence. The Gospel supplies us with the key which unlocks, as none other can, the intricate wards of the >ld Dispensation, and its long inter vening centuries of nronhecv. Think. There was one of humble rank, the re puted son of a carpenter, but who, while calling himself " the -Son of Mail," claimed at the same time to be One essence with the Father, " very God of very God." His life was unique. It attracted the observation of the highest and the lowest — of Scribe and I'harisee," of priest and elder, equally as of the masses. Why? ft was an exemplification, without a parallel, of sweetness and of mercy. What else ? Of wisdom unerring, of holiness the most consummate. " Which of you convinceth me of sin ?" He asked. And His enemies Avere dumb. " Never man spake like this man," was the con fession that, in spite of themselves, broke from reluctant lips on another occasion, 'e told them ivifch emphatic solemnity that He came from above ; that His words were " spirit and were life that He had come not to destroy the law, but to fulfil ; to expand it and impart to its require ments a loftier meaning. He .averred that Moses had written of Him that He had come as the substance of its shadowy enactments, to introduce the new cove nant, and to establish a kingdom which should endure when this planet of ours should sink in dissolution and the visible heavens, permanent as they appeared, be wrapt up as a scroll. Such were the exalted claims of this peerless Being in the form of man, who, though the powers of nature, as had been proved in countless instances, ivere subservient ' to his bid ding, was content to bear the contra diction of sinners— to be traduced, in sulted and contemned — .and still, unmoved by these indignities, to show Himself obedient unto death, even the death of the cross. Think. This Jew, humiliated thus among Jews, this weary wanderer from Galilee, this despised peasant of a despised province of Rome's extended empire, Jesus Christ, effected tho most astounding revolution that ever was ef fected in the religion of mankind. . The Jewish sacrifices, their complicated ritual, their entire state and policy waned through the influence He wielded, and passed away before the superior light of His doctrines, as the morning star fades into obscurity, and is lost and absorbed in the surpassing glory of the risen sun. A single indivi dual, mark you, Son of Mary, unaided by the wealthy, or the great, or the noble, standing alone, and spurned by all, wrought these stupendous results. Turn we now to the writings of the pro- piicu. Were the events ivhich Chris tianity narrates pLcvii.t-.a : and does their accomplishment minutely accord w.h those predictions ? For if they do, as I hope noiv to show, the conclusion is forced on us that the Old and New Testaments are the warp and xvoof of a revelation from Hea ven ; in other Avords, that the Bible, in the circulation of Avhich you and I are concerned, is the veritable book of the true and living God. Let us see then. We open the volume at Genesis xxii. In v. 18, is a promise to Abraham. It reads as folloAvs : — " And in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed." It is here distinctly announced that one should descend, by and by, from the patriarch »braham Avho Avas to be the source of a universal blessing. Can that one seed (for "ho says not seeds as of many") be any other than Christ, as St. Paul affirms it Avas. But prior to this it had been intimated to him by Jehovah, at Avhose command he had left country, and kindred, and his father's house, "I Avill make of thee a great nation." Hoav aa-as this fulfilled 1 Tn the people of Is rael. They Avere that great nation. If the question be asked, avhen were the Israelites called into national existence ? I he ansAver is, at Sinai, by covenants and the giving of the laAV.. They were as a garden in the wilderness fenced round, and separate in the inestimable privilege of theoretic legislation, from the rest of mankind. And when with 'loses as God's agent in the work, they were appointed a peculiar organization to preserve the knoAvledge of their king Jehovah in the Avorld — a church Avith its special enact ments, its priesthood and its sacrifices, its tabernacle and its altar and divinely prescribed Avorship, hoiv rational the inference Avould have been that the ad vantages thus conferred upon them con stituted the blessing of which God had spoken— the specific blessing designed to be communicated by them to all nations of the earth. But it was not so intended. That, first covenant, contrary to the con clusions of mere human reason, was to wax old and give place to another. The prophet Jeremiah clearly predicts that the mode of Avorship instituted by Moses, Avas to be superseded by another. Thus in chap, xxxiv. 31, he Avrites : — " "ehold the days come, saith the Lord, that T will make a new covenant with the house of Israel, and Avith the house of Jiidali ; nob according to the covenant that I made with their fathers in the day that I took them by the hand to bring them out of the land of Egypt." Noav a new covenant implies a neAv dispensation ; and that new dispensation Avas the gospel— the New Testament of the Lord Jesus Christ. And how was this remarkable change, think you — this transition from the old to the new cove nant to be produced ? Not by the whole nation, which would have been the most natural supposition, but by a single indi vidual of that nation. By one whose condition as delineated by the prophets, exactly corresponds to that of Jesus of Vazareth. Isaiah depicts him as despised and disesteemed, a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief ; and yet as God, none could " declare his generation " Was He God then as well as man ? Yes. This same inspired penman, writing 758 years before his advent, says : " Behold, a virgin shall conceive and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel." Now that being interpreted is, God with us. Such is the testimony of St. Matthew. And how completely the prophet and tho evangelist are in harmony may be learnt, if further teaching were necessary, by tbafc triumphant exclamation of the former, " Unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given ; and the Government shall be upon his shoulder ; and his name shall be called wonderful, counsellor, tho mighty God, the everlasting Father, the Prince of peace." This is his language in chap, vii., and in chap. xi., he speaks of this " child," this "md," whom he hbd ptfriraily designated by the titles just cited in this fashion, " There shall come a rod out of the stem of Jesse, and a branch shall grow ou' his roots I " A rod ! a branch ! One Individual to arise out of the stem, or stump, denoting the depressed condi tion of the royal house of David. And was not the Baviour of the lineage of 'avid -born when his Virgin vl other was in a reduced and impoverished state ? The circumstances, again, precisely accord. — 1 have been referring you to Isaiah, per mit me to remind you also of the words of Ezekiel (chapter xxxiv., 23), as illustra ting no less convincingly this part of our subject -the fact, 1 mean, that from One personage alone, and not from the whole JeAvish body, Avas to flow the blessing ad verted to, affecting all the nations of the earth. This is what he says, as the mouth piece of Jehovah: "And I will set up ne Shepherd over them, even my ser vant David (the literal David was dead centuries before) he shall feed them, and be 'be'r Shepherd." Now if the Bible were not the gift of the Omniscient Being to us— if these prophets of the Old estament did nob lvrite as they were moved by the Holy Ghost, Avill the infidel kindly explain to us how the events of the New. Testament so exactly tally with the predictions of those writers ? AVho ever claimed, or could claim, while in posses sion of his senses, to be the One Shep herd, to feed nob only Israel, but all nations, except that one sinlessly perfect and immaculate Being who, when in meek and loAvly guise, he trod this sin-stricken earth of ours, appropriated that language to himself, "I am the good shepherd, and knoAV my sheep, and am known of mine ?" From _ Him as its author proceeded the Christianity Avhich, as lias been said, revo- lutionised the religious thought of the Avorld— from Him though a Jew of humble rank, ivliose career from the manger in Bethlehem to the last sigh on the cross, Avas marked by superhuman endurance of sorroAV, detraction, and Avrong. But though He " hid not his face from stiamn and from spitting, " and his features Avere marred beneath the awful shadow of the croAvn of thorns " more than the sops of men," His end was triumph. It a/as Wilis, indeed, as Isaiah prophesied, that He was to "sprinkle many nations" — to Avash them from their sins, and meeten them for the fruition of the Paradise above. The grave was vanquished, the blessing to all nations avjis secured, and the majesty ineffable of Christ crucified was demonstrated, despite the malice of opposing men and devils, by His resurrec tion from the dead, and that magnificent sequel, forty days after, His ascension as our forerunner into Heaven, in the full gaze of His disciples, to prepare a place for us, and to sit doAvn at the right hand of the Father, where He noAv ever lives to intercede for His people. Another aspect of this subject demands our atten tion. Prophecy had announced that Avhen the Christ, the promised Deliverer, should appear I e Avould be knoAvn by wonder working power ; and the ethical character of the signs and. Avonders He Avould per form is specified in the folloAving terms in Isaiah xxv. : — " Then the eyes of the blind shall be opened, and the ears of the deaf shall be unstopped ; then shall the lame man leap as a hart, and the tongue of the dumb shall sing." What, then, of Christianity ? Was it not introduced by works of this kind 1 _ It claims to have been ; and in this, as in other respects, is contradistinguished from all other re ligions that have gained a footing in the world. In asserting this I do not deny the existence, generally, of a notion among the Pagans of antiquity that their gods on certain special occasions had interposed on their behalf. But what analogy is there betAveen that heathen phantasy and the Christian's faith in the miracles of Jesus. In the one case belief was but the easy credulity of those who had long before accepted, un- inquiringly, the theology of their country ; in the other a conviction Avhich men could not but cherish as the result of ocular proof -a result Avrought in them by preachers propounding for the first time a creed for their acceptance Avhich did vio lence to all their previous conceptions You see the difference. Narrations of the interference of mythological deities found a ready currency, in a superstitious un critical age, Avhere investigation had never been made or even contemplated ; and the national pride was flattered. It was the reverse with converts to the reality of Christian miracles. These were performed in support of doctrines which disturbed all the associations of the past, and militated against the dearesc temporal prospects of both JeAr and T'agan in the future. It is manifest, therefore, that both .Jew and Pagan Avould be minutely observant of matters submitted to them. Their hostility Avould be roused. They Avould search scrutinizingly and unsparingly for any possible latent imposture, resolutely bent to expose the faintest vestige of it, if dis covered, to the scoff of the adversary. But antagonistic as was the teaching of Christ and liis Apostles to the sentiments, the hopes and expectations fostered by the masses to whom it Avas addressed, they were compelled eventually to confess, Avithout reserve, the truth of the miracles, and to recognise undisguisedly "the prophet of Nazareth" as the Messiah of God. The eyes of the blind Avere opened in the presence of multitudes by His touch, His Avord, or His simple volition ; the ears of the deaf Avere unstopped ; the lame man leaped exultingly as in the early joy of his youth ; and the life blood once, more tingled in veins from Avhich the last spark of animation had fled. The Jews in our Saviour's time, be it remembered, and their descendants at this day have ahvays been agreed as to the miracles. They never doubted the fact of those signs and wonders. vVhat they alleged (though yon and I Avould deem the allegation too pre posterous to merit refutation) Avas, that Christ's manifestations of Avonder-Avork- ing Avere to be accounted for by demoniacal aid. Why, even the Mahometans concede the Scripture miracles. Both Moses and Christ Avere, in their estimation, divinely accredited messengers of the Almighty. The con tention of Mahomet was that he Avas superior to them as a prophet, and that the Koran Avas an additional revelation Avith which he was entrusted. When asked by his folloAvers to work a miracle, he replied " Moses Avrought miracles, ' and was not .believed ; J esus wrought miracles and Avas not believed ; Avould you have me also Avork miracles, and so aggravate your guilt, as did those incredulous spec tators." Now, then, look at our position. Is it . not impregnable 1 Besides the 28,000,000 of professing Christians exist ent in the world, Ave have little short of 150,000,000 of Mahometans and the en tire Jewish nation, ancient and modern, acquiescing in the genuineness of the miracles Avhich the Bible records. Diversified as the eA'idence is of the divine origin of the Scriptures — manifold as are its ramifications — what has been adduced Avill suffice to shoAV that the work which the British and Foreign Rible So ciety is carrying out is one of transcendant importance. If the Bible is of God, as Ave contend and are sure — if the human race is His offspring by creation, and His blood- bought possession through the red drops of Gethsemane, and the expiring scene of that crimsoned tree, when the sun hid his rays, and the earth trembled, andthe graves were opened, as the sacred head of .Jesus bowed in death, and from His pallid lips the cry ascended through ranks of adoring angels up to God, to be re-echoed in everlasting rapture through the courts above, "It is finished." If the sins of our ruined race may be washed aAvay for ever in this tide of wondrous efficacy that flowed from those five Avounds of pierced hands, and feet, and side of Jesus — if this Saviour died for all, and rose, and by the incarnate touch of that ascended body rolled back the everlasting doors for men of every tribe, and color, and kindred, and nation, and people — if salvation is now possible for them equally as for us through this redemptive love of God's Incarnate Son — O, "is it not our duty to unite with this grand society in-the noble task of making known the glad intelligence to our brother man, till' the knowledge of (ho Loid ehaU ftYec eYery ntok u< I coi- ner of this redeemed and ransomed earth, as the waters cover the face of the great deep. Sankey's 38th hymn, " God Iioved the World," was then sung. The CHAIRM AN said he was sure they were all delighted with the excellent ad dress which the Rev. Canon -ierjeant had delivered to them, and if there had been any who doubted that the Society was engaged in a great work those doubts must have been removed by the eloquent words to which they had just been listen ing. At Stanley the BeechAVorth Auxili ary had always found a readiness to con tribute to the funds necessary for carrying on the great work in which the Society was engaged ; and they had ahvays had the assistance of willing workers. No doubt Avhen he reminded them of this he touched a tender chord in the hearts of all of them because they could not but remember that some of those Avho had been most zealous and most faithful in the good work had been taken from them. Though even here thev Avould derive com- fort and consolation from the book which it was their object to send to every part of the Avorld, because the Bible told them that death Avas not the end of all —that so far from its being the end of all it was but the passage from one life to another, and that other a higher, a happier and a holier one. For the present what they had to hope was that the places of those Stanley residents who had taken such an active part in the Avork of the society and had now passed away might be Avorthily filled, and that when the col lectors Avent round they would find as great a readiness to subscribe to the funds as there had always been. They had noticed, no doubt, that there had latterly been something approaching to contro versy betAveen the Parent Society and the Auxiliaries. There was an impression that the tAvo were not acting so closely in accord as Avas desirable. This impression wtis communicated to the Society, ;uid in consequence a deputation was sent out from England, and a conference ivas held. I he result of that conference ivas that a resolution was arrived at that the Aus tralian Branch of the .Society should do the Avork itself, so far as this part of the Avorld was concerned, appointing tlieir OAvn agents, and giving attention to all the details of management, instead of relying upon the Parent Society for most of these as they had hitherto done. He hoped that this change would be found to Avork Avell, and be conducive to those greater results which they all desired, and as a first step towards this he felt sure that the Committee in Melbourne would do their bast. It Avas to the interest of all that they should do so, be cause the foundation, not only of all goodness, but of all real greatness was in the Bible. There was Avork still to be done. Earnestly and indefatigably as the Society had been working, and great as was the good which had been accomplished, there Avere still stronger reasons Avliy it was necessary that they should go on working, not only without relaxation of effort, but with even in creased endeavor, ' here Avere dark places of the earth wliiah even yet required to be illumined by the light of God's >Vord. And whilst they might be thankful that they had been' the nieans of greatly spreading the light of iJospel truth, they must not be content Avith Avhat had been done, so long as there remained anything else to do. If they continued the Avork not only Avith the same energy, but Avith an increase of it, they need have no doubt whatever that their Avork Avould be crowned Avith God's blessing. He trusted that Avheu the next annual meeting came to be held, a larger attendance Avould testify that increased interest Avas being felt in the great Avork. AVhat they wanted at such meetings as the present, Avas not only tho attendance of those Avho Avere constant in frequenting the churches. The help of these Avas no doubt invaluable. Bub they Avanted the help and the sympathy also of those Avho Avere not regularly to be found in the churches. This was Avanted for the sake of such persons themselves, not less than for those in whose special interests the society Avas directing its efforts, and lie repeated the hope that at the next annual meeting they would be able to congratulate themselves upon evidence that such help, such sympathy, such co- operation Avere being secured. . A collection was then made amongst those present at the meeting, after Avhich the Doxology Avas sung and the - >enedic- tion having been pronounced by the Rev. Canon Serjeant, the meeting closed. 