THE CONVERSION OF ENGLAND. Apostolic Letter of Pope Leo XIII. to the English People. THE SURE HOPE OF OBTAINING WHAT WE NEED. (Concluded from our last.) These simple truths are indeed known to every Christian, but Btill by many they are neither remembered or valued as they should be. It is for this reason that We insist the more strenuously on the con fidence which Bhould be placed in prayer and recall the words and example of the Fatherly love of the same Christ Our Lord: words of deepest import and highest en couragement ; words also which show forth how in the counsels of God prayer is at the same time the expression of our helpless ness and the sure hope of obtaining the strength we need. " And I say to you, Ask and it shall be given you; seek and you shall find; knock and it shall be opened to you; for every one that asketh, receiveth; and he that seeketh, findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened" (Luke xi. 9-10). And the Son of God Himself shows .us that if our prayers are to be acceptable bo the Divine Majesty they must be united with His Name and Merits. "Amen, amen, I say to you if you ask the Father .anything in My name, He will give it you. Hitherto you have not asked anything in My name. Ask and you shall receive, that your joy may be full" (John xvi. 23-24). And He enforces this by reference to the tender love of parents for their own chil dren. "If you, then, being evil," He says, "know hoiy tb give good gifts to your children, how much more will yoifr Father from Heaven give the good Spirit to them that ask Him" (Luke xi. 13). . And how abundant are not the choice giffSc4>nlaihed in that good Spirit. The greatest of them all is that hidden power of which Christ spoke when He said:—" No man can come to Me except the Father Who hath sent Me draw him" (John vi. 44). It is impossible that men grounded in this teaching should not feel drawn and even impelled to the habit of faithful prayer. With what steady per severance will they not practise it; with what fervour pursue it, having before them the very example of Christ Himself, Who, having nothing to fear for Himself and needing nothing, for He was God, yet passed the whole night in prayer (Luke vi. 12), and with a strong cry and tears offered up prayers and supplications (Heb. v. 7), and doing this " He wished to stand pleading before His Father as if remembering at that time that He was our teacher," as Venerable Bede, that ornament of your nation, wisely considers (in ev. S. Joann, xvii.). But nothing proves so clearly and forcibly both the precept and the example of Our Divine Lord in regard to prayer as His discourse to the Apostles during those sad moments that preceded His Passion, when, raising His eyes to Heaven, He again and again entreated His Holy Father, praying and beseeching Him for the most intimate union of His disciples and followers in the truth, as the most convincing evidence to the world of the Divine mission on which He was about to send them. UNITY MORE THAN EVER NEEDFUL. And here no thought is more welcome to Our soul than that happy unity of Faith and wills for which Our Redeemer and Divine Master prayed in that earnest sup plication—a unity which, if useful at all times even for temporal interests, both at home and abroad, is shown by the very divisions and confusions of these days, to be more than ever needful. We, on Our part, watching the signs of the times, ex horting and taking thought for the future, urged thereto by the example of Christ and the duty of Our Apostolic Office, have not ceased to pray, and still humbly pray, for the return of . Christian nations, now divided from us, to the unity of former days. We have more than once of late years given expression to this object of Our desires, and have devoted sedulous care to its realization. The time cannot be far distant when We must appear to render an account of Our Stewardship to the Prince of Pastors, and how happy, how blessed should We be if We could bring to Him some fruit—some realization of these Our wishes which he has inspired and sustained. THE ANGLICAN CHURCH AND REUNION. In these days Our thoughts turn with love and hope to the English people, observ ing as we We do the frequent and mani fest works of Divine Grace in their midst; how to soihe, it is plain, the confusion of religious dissensions which divide them is a cause of deep concern; how others see clearly the need of some sure defence against the inroad of modern errors which only too readily humor the wishes of fallen nature and depraved reason; how the number of those religious and discreet men who sincerely labour much for reunion with the Catholic Church is increasing. We can hardly Bay how strongly these and other signs quicken the charity of Christ in Us, and redoubling Our prayers from our inmost soul We call down a fuller measure of Divine Grace, which, poured out on minds so well disposed, may issue in the ardently desired fruit, the fruit, namely, that we may all meet into the unity of Faith and of the Knowledge of the Son of God (Eph. iv. 13), careful to keep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace, one body and one Spirit; as you are called in one hope of your calling—one Lord, one faith, • one baptism. (Ib. 3-5.) THE pope's APPEAL TO.- THE ENGLISH PEOPLE. With loving heart, then, We turn to you all in England, to whatever community or institution you may belong, desiring to recall to you this holy unity. We beseech you, as you value your eternal salvation, to offer up humble and continuous prayer to God, Our Heavenly Father, the Giver of all light, Who with gentle power impels us to the good and the right; and without ceasing to implore light to know the truth in all its fulness, and to embrace the designs of Mis mercy with single and entire faithfulness calling upon the glorious name and merits of Jesus Christ, Who is " the Author and Finisher of our faith" (Heb. xii. 2), Who loved the Church and delivered Himself for it that He might sanctify it and might present it to Himself a glorious Church (Eph. v. 25-27). Diffi culties there may be for us to face, but they are not of a nature which should delay Our Apostolic zeal or stay your energy. Ah, no doubt the many changes that have come about, and time itself, have caused the existing divisions to take deeper root. But is that a reason to give up all hope of remedy, reconciliation, and peace ? By no means, if God is with us. For we must not judge of such great issues from a human standpoint only, but rather must we look to the power and mercy of God. In great and arduous enterprises, provided they are undertaken with an earnest and right intent, God stands by man's side, and it is precisely in these difficulties that the action of His Providence 6hines forth with greatest splendour. The time is not far distant when thirteen centuries will have been completed since the English race wel comed those Apostolic men, sent, as We have, said, from this very city of Bame, and, casting aside the pagan deities, dedi cated the first fruits of its faith to Christ Our Lord and God. This encourages Our hope. It is, indeed, an event worthy to be remembered with public thanksgiving; would that this occasion might bring to all reflecting minds the memory of the faith then preached to your ancestors, the same which is now preached—Jesus Christ yes terday, to-day, and the same for ever, as the Apostle says (Heb. xiii. 8), who also most opportunely exhorts you, as he does all, to remember those first preachers, "who have spoken the Word of God" to you, whose faith follow, considering the end of their conversation (Ib. 7). THE DUTY OF ENGLISH CATHOLICS. In such a cause, We, first of all, call to Our assistance as Our Allies, the Catholics of England, whose faith and piety we know by experience. There can be no doubt that, weighing earnestly the value and effects of holy prayer, the virtue of whicb we have truly declared, they will strive by every means to succour their fellow countrymen and brethren by invoking in their behalf the Divine clemency. To pray for oneself is a need, to pray for others is a coi)n8el of brotherly love; and it is plain that it is not prayer dictated by necessity so much as that inspired by fraternal charity which will find most favor in the sight of God. The first Christians un doubtedly adopted this practice. Espe cially in all that pertains to the gift of faith the early ages set us a striking example. Thus it was the custom to pray to God with ardour that relations, friends, rulers, and fellow-citizens might be blessed by a mind obedient te the Christian faith (St. Aug. de dono pe&ev.; xxiii. 63). A SOUBCE OF ANXIETY. And in regard to this there is another matter which gives Us anxiety. We have heard that in England there are some who, being Catholics in name, do not show them selves so in practice; and that in your great towns there are vast numbers of people who know not the elements of the Christian faith, who never pray to God, n.Tid live in ignorance of His justice and His mercy. We must pray to God and pray yet more earnestly in this sad condition of things, since he alone can effect a remedy. May He show the measures proper to be taken; may He sustain the courage and strength of those who labor at this arduous ; may He deign to send labourers into his harvest. Whilst We so earnestly press upon Our children the duty of prayer We desire at the same time to warn them that they should not suffer themselves to be wanting in anything that pertains to the grace and the fruit of prayer, and that they should have ever before their minds the precept of the Apostle Paul to the Corin thians :—" Be without offence to the Jows and to the Gentiles, and to the Church of God" (I. Cor. x. 32). For besides those in terior dispositions of soul necessary for rightly offering prayer to God, it is also needful that they should beaccompamed by actions and by words befitting the Chris ' tian profession—first of all, ahd chiefly, the exemplary observance of uprightness and justice, of . pitif plness for the poor, of penance, of peace and concord in your .own houses, of respect for the law—these are what will give force and efficacy to your prayers. Mercy favors the petitions of those who in all justice study and carry out the precepts of Christ, according to His promise: "H you abide in Me, and My words abide in you, you shall ask whatever you will and it shall be done unto you'* (John xi. 7). And therefore do We exhort you that, uniting your prayer with Ours, your great desire may now be that God wi11 grant you to welcome your fellow citizens and brethren in the bond of perfect charity. Moreover, it is profitable to im plore the help of the Saints of God, the efficacy of whose prayers, specially in such a cause as this, is shown in that pregnant remark of St. Augustine as to St. Stephen: "If holy Stephen had not prayed, the church to-day would have had no Paul." THE APOSTLE OF ENGLAND. We, therefore, humbly call on St. Gregory, whom the English have ever rejoiced to greet as the apostle of their race, on Augus tine, his disciple and his messenger, and on those other saints of God, through whose wonderful virtues and no less wonderful deeds England has merited the title of " Island of the Saintson St. Peter and St. George, those special patrons, and above all on Mary, the Holy Mother of God, whom Christ Himself from the Cross left to be the mother of mankind, to whom your kingdom was dedicated by your forefathers under that glorious title " The Dowry of Mary." All these with full confidence We call upon to be Our pleaders before the Throne of God that, renewing the glory of ancient days, He may " fill you with all joy and peace in believing; that you may abound in hope and in the power of the Holy Ghost" (Eom. xv. 13). PEATEES FOE UNION. Care should be taken that the prayers for unity already established amongst you Catholics on certain fixed days should be made more popular and recited with greater devotion. Especially that the pious prac tice of the Holy Rosary, which We Our selves have so strongly recommended, should flourish, for it contains as it were a summary of the gospel teaching and has always been a most salutary institution for the people at large. Moreover, We are pleased of Our own will and authority to add still another to the sacred Indulgences which have heen granted from time to time by our predecessors. We grant, that is, to all those who piously recite the prayer ap pended to this letter, to whatever nation they may belong,- an indulgence of 300 days ; moreover, a plenary indulgence once a month on the observance of the usual conditions to those who have recited it daily. Finally, may the Divine prayer of Christ Himself for unity fill up the full measure of our desires, a prayer which on this day, through the mystery of His most Holy Resurrection, We repeat with the utmost confidence : — " Holy Father, keep them in Thy name whom Thou hast given Me: that they be one as we also are one. . . . Sanctify them in truth. Thy word is truth. . . . And not for them only do I pray, but for them also who through their word shall believe in Me, that all may be one, as Thou, Father, in Me, and I in Thee, that they also may be one in Us. . . . I in them and Thou in Me ,* that they may be made perfect in one; and the world may know that Thou hast sent Me and hast loved them as Thou hast also loved Me " (John xvii. 11, 17, 20, 21, 23). Finally, We desire all manner of blessings from God for the whole of the British people, and with all Our heart We pray that those who seek the Kingdom of Christ and salvation in the unity of Faith may enter on the full realization of their de sires. Given at St. Peter's in Rome on the 14th of April, 1895, in the 18th year of Our Pontificate. 