The House of Silence. CnAPTpn XXVII.-PoN 'ruE TIIRSnOL.D. ' Wi+nming,' said Dorothy, oracularly, t 'occupyin' an inordinate position in resist- * nce---- ' ' Existence,' suggested Desiree. 'I said existence, mum,' returned Dorothy, < bridliug. .' I was" about to resorve,' she a added, with unabated confidence, ' that the t ladies fillin' the capacity that I till are not I expected to see the things that themr callin' 1 them their betters see, or to talk of 'em a either. There's a?ndaine Vancourt, mum a very nice person, indeed-has been g,;one twb nights?'and a day ; which is, on the whole, mysterious When folks are gone two nights and a day, it isn't for nothin'.' ' She has gone to her plantation, Lorothyy' .' This,' returnedl th! spinster, with the air of one who feels that she has not been well treated, 'is the first that I .heard about her havin' a plantation.' ' You ought to have been informed of it, I am sure,' said Desiree, smiling. 'I ne'yer was redicted to prying into other people's consarns, as some is, for which I thank fortin; for I do consider cur'osity, either in man or woman, a failin' anl a sinll; but Lashould like to know if .Iadume Van court has a husband, and if she has, where is he? In course, a madam ought to be a married woman.' -' Madame Vancourt is a widow,' replied Dorothy. D' A young and interestin' creetur, too. I shbuld think she'd set all the young fellows criizy after her. Sich grace of movement, arid sich cemetery of tigger, not to speak of hier knowledge of pi'sons, minerile, vegetibile ardc animile. Why, 'bless your soul, thle learned wimming who lectured at the medica mental institutions at the North didn't know half as much about p'isons as the madam.' S ' Eugenia had a beautiful canary, you remember 1 What has become of it?' De siree asked. ;' It was found dead in its caga, one mornil', mum.' ' Where is her Italian greyhound which she was so fond of.?' 'It has been pinin' and mopin' for a week. If it goes on in that way for a few days longer there'll be nothin':left. It's a strange idea, mum, but the poor little creetur 'minds me of Suly every time I see it It keeps its mouth open ias if to cool its throat, which seems to be burning up with information.' ' It is very strange,' inused Desiree. SIf I's to speak my mind, as I did at the North, ten y'ears ago or nighabout, I should resert boldly that the madam is very mys terious and onaccountable. She don't go to bed as people ought to o' nights. Steal along the, pa?age at any hour and you'll see a light. shinin' under the door. Look through the keyhole when you will, moum, and you'll see her at her table, with her haad in her hand, in a brown study, or else studyin' in her hooks ; and if she isn't doin' either she'll be staring into that silver box like in a dream.' 'So you've been wvatching her ?' returned Desiree, sharply. 'The Lord love you, no I' I only 'see what I can't help secira', and if a body can't see what they can't' help stein', what" can they sea ?' Dorothy Doubleday fired up with virtuous indignation. *TI: might . have remarked,' she went on, ' that she lhas been seen wandering about' the house at midnight, like' a ghost, but it isn't my:waytdo tell all I know ; with other folks' consarns I never mneddle or make. She has been in the liberary, mum.' ' More than once a' asked Desiree. 'If I's to speak my mind I should resert that she's been there ten tmnes in the dead of night, if she's been there once. And sich queer things as she carried.' 'What were they ?' 'They looked like long, fine needles, and some kind of an instrument that they call a might-yscope.' !Needles and a microscope I' ..repeated Desiree. iYou are a very shrewd person, Dorothy. ,To what use did madam put thore articlea s' 'How should I know, when she was shut upltlonie with 'em in the liberary ' I could n't tell you more'n the dead.' 'But the keyhole, Dorothy ?' ' She stufled a corlner of her handkerchief init, which:would have prevented my seein' anything, provided I'd been of a pryin' natur, like many of my sex. And by the way, muan, this l'minds me of something that the mlnradain told me the day before yesterdaiy ; butrmind you, it's a great secret that I'in not to repeat to the world, specially you. " Dorothy,'" sex she, "I'm so shocked and surprised." * "What is it 1?" sez I. ' "PooriDesiree,"Lsez she" 'As y'au in?y suppose, I was by this time Sall df a flutter. Slhe laid her hand on may shoulder confildetially and whispered, " Monsieur Lavigne is an impostor. .1e has beentiturned'ou? of his hotel from indebility to meet:his bills. I've just met him in the street, looking like a beggar."' Desiree grew pale and faint. 'She told you this ' she queried, trying to govern her emotions. 'She saw him 1', ,' His fine clothes, his dimuns, his watch was gone. The fat Fritz, who had noted his servant, was trurdging alongside of him, be. rating him for not playin' his cards to better advantage when he held sich a hand. She was just ahead of 'em and heerd it all.' 'Give me a glass of water,' said Desiree. While the latter was drinking, Zoralh entered to say to her mistress that her father doeired to see her. Bidding Dorothy not'to repeat the conversation that had just passed, with a heavy heart she followed the beautiful quadroon. M. Montreull d had had his bed removed to the library. The excuse that he gave for tliisnchange wlis that he wished to be near hji beloved books ; that he should experience a melancholy satisfaction in contemplating the tnute companions of other hours. TheI foot of:his bed he ordered to be placed toward a large ploture that hung at one side of the apartment, near the table at which he usFd to sit. This change was elbooted during Mlardame Vancourt's absence. ' Desireoo,' said Monsieur Montreuil, 'your maid Zerah has been telling me some won derful stories about the skill of her master, Levuisin, who it seoms,_ is a physician, s although he practices for amusement only, I and in cases that baffle medical men.' ' Zerali has already mentioned the subject to ms. I have taken the liberty to send for him, and momentarily expect him. If he 1 does not impress you favourably, you need not make a trial of his remedies. If he ] appears to understand your malady, you will perhaps have confidence to submit to his treatment,' Desiree replied, looking anxiously f at the pale, disease-worn face of her father. The bell rang. Zerah flew to answer it; she came back with Levoisin. In the capacity of medical adviser, in which he now appeared, a t.ew interest attached to him in the estimation of Desiree. He was free from pretence ; he did not bring with him that air of superiority that too frequently attends the visits of the family physician. He made his salutations with case and dignity. 'You have honored me,' he said, ' by asking my advice. I do not, at present, practice medicine as a profession. YIoney cannot tempt me to play the owl and hypo crite. I have little faith in drugs. There are, I confess, a few medicines in the Materia Medica that seem like specifics for certain diseaseses; hut the action of the mnjority of remedies is attended with an uncertainty that cannot but be observed by men of perspicacity and sense. In many cases the office of the physician is to deceive and amuse the mind of the patient, while nature performs the cure. If their charla tanry would stop with words it would do very well ; but the grave creatures must lhring out their drugs.' Tn a natural and kindrlly mar,ner, Levoisin approached Montreuil, and began to converse with him in regard to his sickness. Desiree and Zerab listnerl with attention. His skilfulquemstionings soon drew from the patient the history of his symptoms. His interes: increased as he proceeded. Desiree watched hiim very closely; she saw the pale line around his lips grow paler, vhile the brilliancy of his unfathomeble eyes increased. •--- .-~~ 'You have heats, you have colds,' said Levoisin, recapitulating. ' At one moment you burn, the next you iroeze. Sometimes your bt ain is singularly clear, then strangoly dark and incoherent. You feel that you are wasting; you, are conscious that you. are dying by inches ; that the foundations of life are dropping away piecemeal ; that the living structure will soon fall. You hLve a firm conviction that-the seeds of death are in every drop of your blood and every atom of your flesh. Your enemy lives in the shruncen muscle and agitated nerve; you try to name him, but cannot; you attempt to study him, but he evades you by his very subtlety.' ' You speak like one who has experienced the tortures of my condition,' exclaimed Montreuil. 'Certainly, he who describes ny sulfferings so well must le able to alleviate them.' In the earnestness and expectation of the moment, MontreulI partially raised himoself, but sank bank to his pillow exhausted the molnent he ceased speaking. : There was a strange hollowness in lmis voie : it wanted rotundity .and softness ; it was harsh, husky, and thin, struggling up from his throat as from R sepulchre. It made Desiree shiver; the prestige of death was in it. 'How is Madame Montreuil ?' asked Levoisin. This question was put very quietly, but it disturbed Desiree. 'Site is unable to leave, her room this morning. She complains of headache,' she replied. 'She is worn out witl watching,', mtur imured Montreuil. 'She must, keep away from me--she mnust rest.' Levoisinm drew a small medicine case from his pocket, and unrolling it, took therefrom a vial full of colorless liquid. This vial he handed to Desiree, saying : 'Trust it in no hands but your own or Zerah's, Give him a single drop once in three hours, in a spoonful of clear water. Be particular about his diet; let Zerah pre pare his food and bring it. She lihs gre.at skill in "tickling the sickly and fastidious palate.' 'Your wishes shall be obeyed,' said Desir'ee, agitated. She appeared like one perplexed with a horrible lurking suspicion. She had enter tained new guests of late--Love, 1Fear, and Distrust. She. glanced furtively toward the picture that covered the secret pane!, and shuddered. She felt that she needed strength to bear up under the trials before her, and to struggle with that fatality that seemed to rest upon the House of Montreuil: 'I will come again,' said Levoison, rising. ' I will do my best to conquer this 'dragon that has entered your house, but I promise nothing. If Madame , Montreuil grows worse, bid her keep her room, and take no medicine unless prescribed by inn.' ' I will remember,' said Desiree. When Levoisin had gone, Mademoiselle Montreuil sent for a carpenter. Next to the library was a sleeping-room with a closet in it. To this room she took the workman. Drawing his attention to the closet, she addressed him as follows: S'M. Gaspard, I have heard you spoken of as a man of honour. I believe I may trust you safely. You are to say nothirg of what ycu see or do in this house You tobserve this closet; it joinsr the library, separated from it hy a single partition only. SAt the time which I shall determine, I wish you to make a small aperture through this wall, in a manner so skilful that it shall not attract attention.' ' It can be done ; T can pierce it with a t small augur,' answered Gaspard. 'There is a sick gentleman in the library i T mentioned, who must not be disturbed. e At about three in the afternoon he sinks e into a heavy slumber; h he here att tt timne s with your implements, and do your work t silently and lox trou.ly.' ' So noiselessly, marlemaiselle, that he shall rl hear nothing.' e 'This aperture, hear in mind, must com a mend a good view of the iroo0 -especially 1\. of the sick gentleman (who is my father), and the large picture hanlging at the foot of his bed.' 'I comprehend, madenoiselle.' ' There are eyes,' resumed Dsireeo, ' that will be quick to notice any palpable change.' ' eo assured that the walinhcoting shall tell no tales. Your purpose who can doubt 1' M'. Gaspard looked questionirigly at, the young I'ady. 'Your last remark implies a doubt.' The artisan was embarrassed, and bowing, answered: 'One could doubt an angel sooner I' ' This wny, M. Gaspard ; I have not done with you yet.' She conducted him to her uhamiaber. He entered that sanctuary, and glanced about with solmething like religious awe There was an exquisite idr of elegance and purity there which impressed him. 'I am going to put a still greater tax upon your skill and kinrlnesa. This wall separates my apartment from another precisely like it. M. GaspIrdL, believe le, I have strong reasons-for whatn I amr doing.' SAnother.hole in the wall !' exclaimed the artisan, with manifest surprise. ' This, imidernoiselle, is more dillicult.' 'Do you mean to say that you have not suflicient ingenuity to do it 7' Desiree gave him a lonk thllnt would have causedl even impossibilities to inelt away. ' Mademoiselle, I can do anything you bid men. Your merest wish shall inspire any fin. gars with cunning. Your motive must be extraordinary. Where shall I 'make tile opening 7' I?Exactly unidlr that picture.' ' When shall I J.omnnence - ' immediatoly. You shall lock yourself in, and remmin here until it is completed. If you hear anyonn enter the next room, desist. Should I go in there myself, I will knoock upon the wall, to signify that you may pro. coed without fear.' ' I'll go for my tools at once.' I will reward you liberally. Reomember that secresy is imperative. I will not detain you, sir.' Mademoiselle: Montreuil, accompanied him downstairs and opened the door for his exit, then returned to her room. A. piece of paper fluttered from a table to the floor as she en tered; Instinctively recalling the inys terious warning she had once received, she hastened to pick it up and read it. The same hand that had ,traced the former had written this. It read: 'There is danger- imminent, terrible !i But you have awakened to it. You are acting promptly, nobly. Go on. A silent, unseen hand will aid you.' One reading did not suffice. Much wrought upon, Desiree perused it many times. The unheralded messenger was friendly; the writer left his impress upon it; a portion of his psychological life had mingled with the characters. A reassuring palace ; she would walk among its golden pillars, atrnd repose in sweet beatitude by its purling fountains; its star-gilded dome should not cease to shed its heavenly radiance upon her head. But how could she think of this while Mystery hemmed lier in, and Sorrow, Anxiety, Despair, and Terror waved their black wings over the House of Montrouil. Fear and suspicion pursued her. Her sensi hilities' had been shocked and astou'nded. It appeared to her that she stood on the thresh old of the rnost drea'lfol revelations. Her nind was agitated and tosserl to and fro like a lone ship upon a stormy sea. A soul less strong than hers would have gone clown into the troubled depths ; but she, purer as an angel, had an angel's strength. She felt that her little white hands had power to meet theoldversary-possibly to .onquer. A few dl?ys before, Desiree had seemed to possess the whole world ; now she could scarcely see a spot upon which to placo her foot. Everything was crumbling about her. Life, Love, ,Expectation, worer dying; she felt the throes of their dissolution, and called on Heaven for help. ('lo be continund.) 