Laiy Bridgeworth's Sin. CHAPTER XXVI. Muriel was a very weak, shattered likeness of her usual sunny self as she alighted at last from the train at the small railway station of Merewold, in Northshire. The journey in itself would have been sufficiently fatiguing under any circumstances ; but her head, tortured by that heavy, dull aching, and her heart a match to her head, she was practically and utterly exhausted, and looked so ill as to make Coxon anxious. '' Indeed, miss, but I wish we'd broken the journey at York or somewhere,'' she said, with sincere regret, as she gathered the rugs together. ''Sir Humphrey will be so upset- like when he sees you looking so badly.'' ''I shall be better when I have had some tea. I am only tired, and my head aches so badly.'' Muriel answered, hurriedly. The mention of Humphrey's name renewed her strength and courage immediately. If it had been a horrible day, it was at an end at last. She would be with her dear Humphie, and that was like a glimpse of heaven. He would get better now she had come; and her heart, full of the happiness of seeing her beloved brother, rose from its depression. Then she thought of Barbara, and then there was another pleasant throb, as she realised that her little sister had long ago received her letter, and her first load of regret at the deception she had practiced was off her mind forever. Barbara would, in all probability, have sent her a telegram. She forgot her headache and fatigue as this thought came. They had sent for a dogcart or a conveyance of some sort to take her to Dawson, the keeper's cottage. Muriel had thought, it strange Dawson had not sent to meet her. She construed his absence a little apprehensively at first ; and while they waited for this conveyance she made hurried in- qniries as to whether any telegram had been received there for Sir Humphrey or herself. She was disappointed at first, but immediately excused Barbara. Something must have prevented the girl — or perhaps she felt she would rather write than telegraph. She knew Barbara's delicate mind, and explained it thus. It was a long drive to Dawson's home, and the night was cold and wet. Muriel, despite all her efforts, was really ill and worn out when they arrived at last. She was greeted with great astonishment by Humphrey's valet and by Mrs. Dawson, who ran to the door ; and the girl sat with closed eyes, trying to understand, as far as her aching brows would let her, that Sir Humphrey was considerably better, and that her arrival was quite unexpected — that is to say, unexpected until late in the day, when a telegram had come from Mr. Julian, saying she had started to join Sir Humphrey. Muriel scarcely heard the apologies and ex planations as to why no conveyance had been sent to meet her; she was wearied out, bewildered and ill. ''I will go to bed at once. I will not disturb him,'' she said, when it was told her that Humphrey was fast asleep. ''Don't say anything of my being here until the morning,'' she said ; and then, for the first and only time in her young life, Muriel gave a sigh, and drifted into a heavy faint. ''What could 'a' made you bring her all this way like this ?'' demanded Brown, the valet, of Coxon, the maid. Au old feud existed between them, and he was glad of the opportunity of snapping at the young woman, who always, to use his own term, ''sauced him'' when she got the chance. Coxon rose to the occasion. ''It was all along o' one of them nasty telegrams — that's what it were— and Mr. Brown might just keep his outrageous remarks to himself ; as if she (Coxon) were not quite capable of looking after her young lady without his interference !'' With all this display of bad tamper, the question of the telegram was not properly explained. And Muriel was literally carried up the narrow stairs hy Brown and put to bed by Coxon, conscious of nothing but the racking pain in her head, that threatened to drive her almost mad. A good night's sleep, however, was a wonderful restorative; and when Muriel went into her brother's room the next morning to receive his loving, eager greeting, she looked very much like her usual self, save for a pallor which might have been caused by her fatigue alone. A very few words put Humphrey's mind at rest. He had imagined all sorts of things when he had heard of Muriel's arrival. She very soon set any fears at rest. Barbara was very well, and so was she herself. There was absolutely nothing wrong, except that she could not quite understand why Dawson should have sent Julian such an urgent telegram as he had done. ' I expect, he. was a bit anxious. I was rather bad the day before yesterday, and as he had to run down to Brackenbury to look after that Buckley farm business, I have no doubt he did send rather an urgent telegram, to Julian,'' Sir Humphrey explained. 'Then Dawson is at Brackenhury ?' said Muriel ; and she wondered — though why she scarcely knew or understood— why she felt a sort of uneasy feeling as Humphrey told her Dawson had left on the afternoon of the day before her arrival. '' I did not know there was anything wrong at Bracken- bury, Humphie.'' she said. 'There is always something wrong somewhere, it seems. Baby,'' Sir Humphrey said, with a rather wan smile. He, too, was feeling vaguely restless and de- pressed, now the excitement of Muriel's arrival had worn off. '' They both wern longing for the post to come with Barbara's letter. Muriel had been most explicit about the loving deception she had practiced, and Humphrey had, of course, forgiven her. ''You did it to spare, Bab, I know, dear. I don't like anything crooked as a rule, but this was an exceptional case. Poor little Bab ! I am afraid she was very unhappy last night.'' '' She would be doubly unhappy if she could see you now,'' Muriel said, glancing anxiously at his pale face. It was so unusual to see Humphrey pale and lying in bed ! She had heard all there was to hear about his accident, and had permitted herself to be comforted by his assurance that all was more than well with him ; but, nevertheless, she could not be quite happy about him until she saw him able to leave his bed and have the use of his strong right arm again. ''I hope she will not do anything rash,'' Humphrey said, moving uneasily as the thought came. ''She is not strong enough to take such a journey. You look like a ghost today, Muriel. I hope your note did not frighten her very much.'' ''Here is the post!'' Muriel cried, as she saw the figure of the old letter carrier coming through the grounds. She rushed downstairs, and then it was as though she had been struck some heavy blow. There was only one letter, and it bore the Brackenbury post mark. It was from Dawson. Muriel stopped the man, and hurriedly wrote out the telegram which had reached Josephine just as she was starting for her interview with Lady Castleton. Humphrey received her news, given as cheerfully as she could give it, very quietly. He only turned a little paler. ''Pray Heaven she is not ill !'' was all he said, and Muriel echoed the prayer. She had been haunted by Barbara's distressed face ever since she had seen her last, when they had kissed each other 'good night;' and knowing as she did, the effect that mental trouble or illness had upon such a delicate strung system as Bar- bara's, she was not unprepared to hear that the girl had given away when the reaction came, for Muriel had seen even in that short time that Bar- bara was beginning to fret herself in every direc- tion. Still, if she were ill, Josephine would, of course, send and let him kuow. How that day wore away Muriel could never have told. Every sound that came toward the lonely little cottage was trans- formed into a messenger bearing some tidings from London, good or evil. She grew very, very miserable as the hours passed. ''Surely, if Barbara is ill, Josephine would let us know,'' she said over and over again to herself; and then for the hundreth time she would load herself with reproaches for her share of having, perhaps, worked the girl into this possible illness. Humphrey said nothing. His broken arm gave him great pain, and toward night-time he became feverish. He had received a blow on his head in his fall, and despite his protests that this was not in the least serious, Muriel could not disguise from her self that it might prove troublesome, taken in conjunction with the worry and anxiety which she saw was crowding his brain, notwithstanding his quiescent and comforting manner. As the afternoon drew into evening he sank into a restless sleep, and Muriel went downstairs to think over the situation. Was it possible that Barbara could be angry, and for that reason would not write ? Or had she done as Humphrey feared — taken the first train she could catch to travel northward ? Muriel's knowledge of the girl's supreme love and trust speedily answered this first question. The solution of the problem lay, then, between a probably hasty journey or an illness. ''Why does not Josephine send, or Julian ?' and then Muriel knitted her brows. She did not quite understand Julian's action. Alas for her sisterly confidence and affection! She had had too many reasons for knowing Julian was by no means the most distinguished person in the world ; and some thing— she could not tell what— seemed to impress upon her that he had not been actuated by the best and highest motives when he sent her that tele- gram yesterday morning. Muriel, dear, gentle little soul, however, could not harbour an unkind thought or suspicion for more than a moment, and she dismissed this feeling almost as soon as it was born. It was not possible for her to be ungenerous or unjust to a living soul ; and, after all, she had no real reason to suspect Julian of having any ulterior motive when he sent that telegram. Humphrey was very ill— Muriel's eyes filled with a sudden, rush of tears, as a sort of presentiment seemed to tell her how ill he was and would be — and Julian might have felt it was wise for her to be with the brother who had been all the world to her. Mrs. Dawson came bustling in and out of the room, and Coxon joined in her entreaties that Miss Muriel would eat something, and not get downcast; for, after all, a broken arm was a tiresome affair, but not a dangerous one, and Sir Humphrey was so strong and healthy he would get better much quicker than others would do in his place. Muriel accepted the ministrations of these good hearted, humbler beings, and delighted them by drinking the beef ten they brought her, without a murmur, though she swallowed it with difficulty. ''And then, all at once, Mrs. Dawson flitted in, bearing at last the buff-coloured envelope in her hand that Muriel had expected so anxiously all day. Her fingers trembled as she took the telegram. Her heart beat wildly — there was pleasure and dread in the beat. Was it to say Barbara was ill, or was coming tc them, or — Muriel tore open the envelope and ran her eye quickly over the contents. At first the message written was not clear to her, but after one moment's pause she understood it all. ''Coxon,'' she said, very quietly, though she shivered a little as she spoke, '' this is from Lady Biidgewortb. She left London at two o'clock to day, and is staying the night at Culloden. She wants me to get her a room near this. We must arrange something.'' Coxon sniffed a little. ''Her ladyship ain't such an easy person to arrange !'' she said. ''Is Miss Vereker coming too, Miss Muriel ?'' Muriel paused a moment and then said slowly : ''I think not. Lady Bridgeworth makes no mention of Miss Barbara at all. She merely an- nounces her own coming. She will be here quite early, somewhere about six in the morning. She says we must have breakfast for her when she comes. Will you arrange everything with Mrs. Dawson ?'' Coxon acquiesced cordially — not that she had any pleasure in arranging anything so far as Lady Bridgeworth whs concerned: but she would do anythine for her young mistress. ''My lady coming at six o'cock seems queerlike, And no Miss Barbara ! Lor ! I do hope as nothing is wrong !'' The presentiment that struck the maid's mind had become an actuality in Muriel's more sensitive one. She doubted no longer. She know now that something was very, very wrong. (To be continued.) 