SIR GILES’S COFFIN Maintained with comfidtnca was a belief in tbe existence of the ghoit of the “ Bad Sir Qilet,” whoia alleged characteristics wan wall calculated to excita the terror which they actually produced ia the naigh borhcod of Fan Owes. In tbe malignity oi his itppoied qaalitiei and habita the ghoBt In question earpaned all other members oi hie race. It vat averred that he anally made hit appearance in the farm of a qead raped, or, at any rate, that hie normal por tion was on all fouri. This much wa« eitab liihid as a fact—that Six Giles's body had been found hanging in an old summer houee, still visible when I was a child, with every appearance of death by suicide, and that hie coffin, still shrouded in the pall ori ginally covering it, lay alone on the ground in the centre of the extensive vault where members of the Pen Owen family had ben deposited for generations. The old clock which stood in the kitchen at the Fen Owen Azmi announced to the villagers esssmbled there one Christmas Eve that it was 10 o'clock, enforcing the statement with an emphasis and deliberation that admitted of no contention. Of the further faot that the night was wet and dark and windy the guests could satisfy themsslves by a glancs at the lctt’ced window. There was obviously no desire on the part of Ihe inmates to sub stitute the darknsss and cold of the outer world for the warmth and brightness of the comfortable inn. Sooner or later, however, the change most be effected, and David Thomas, the merry, ruddy-faced groom from the rectory, took tbe initiative. Well, gentlemen,” he exclaimed, “ I must be efi. So good-night, and, Jem Atkins, take care Sir Giles’s ghost doesn't get hold of you at last. He's safe to be about on a night like this." “Sir Giles be blowedl’ retimed Jam Atkins, the village smith, olenohlng his maseive flit; “ I should like to see him come within reach of my arm.” Jem prided himself on being n profound Bcep>ic in nil matters temporal and spiri tual, “Why, Jem, yon know yon always go the long way home instead of catting across tbe churchyard and put the door of the vaalt,” Another laugh greeted this renewed attack on Jem Atkins, who wai anything hot a general favorite. “ Whoever told you that, young man, told you a lie. Do I look like being afraid of a ghoit f ” An irritating laugh wai the only reply. “ Well, I’ll tell you what I’ll do," *x olaimed the blaoksmith, angrily. 11 I’ll bet yon half-a-crown I go into the vaalt by myself to-night, and, what’s more, I'll sit a bit on the old gentleman’s coffin and imoke n pipe, if yon like, there j that in, if Mor gan here will let roe go in.” The answer to this challenge wai the im mediate offer by old Morgan, the sexton, of the missive key which opened the door of the venlt,” “Wait a minute,” objected Jsm’e tor mentor. “If you go alone, who’s to know what game yon mayn’t be ap to t Why, job might jnet go out late the road, coma back in ten minutai, aid never go near the churohyard at ali,” The justice of Thomas’s suggestion waB generally recognised. It wu finally arranged that thepropesar of the bet akoald establish his claim to the ■taka by hammering two or three naile into the baronet's coffin, a feat which would serve ns a proof on the following morning that ha had accomplished his proposed per formance. In a short time the blacksmith had turned kis back on the cheerful light which shone from the window of the ale house, and was proceeding on bis hazardous erraad. It wu less than ten minutes’ walk from the Fan Owen Arms to the church, but before the expiration of this brief interval Jam Atkins kad repentsd his engagament, which, but for very ehame, he would now willingly have abandoned, even at the sacri fice of his half-crown. No wonder, then, tint he started with terror, and that his hsart boat loud and fait, when samo large animal brushed against him at the very gate of the cburchysrd. It was oa'y the retriever which habitually accompanied our game keeper, Jack Bawlings, on hiB nightly rounds | but its contact inoceeded in com pletely (battering the nerves of the black smith. The wind now howled and ehrieked among the branohei of the churchyard alms, and heavy rain drops pattered loudly againBt the lanterns, which scarcely served to guide Jem Atkins'* steps along the winding path to the door of the vault. The ancient key apptared to utter a note of warning when he turned it in the rusty lock, and the gust of wind admitted by the opening door ■earned, ne it swept around the silent cham ber, to carry to its occupants an annonnea ment of the rash visitor’* pressnee. But, even in thie eupreme moment, Jem Atkins bethought him of the dangers other than those connected with the unisen world. Ho waa aware that the vault door, which closed inward, shut with a spring. Consequently, if he left the key outside, one tonoh of as unfriendly hud, or even one gait of wind, might consign him to n night-long imprison ment. The intruder’s band shook as hs placed the key in tha inalde keyhole of the door, and proceeded to haDg up the lantern on its projecting handle. Either Jem’s eye was deceived by the uncertain light or bis trembling hand wsb unequal to the attempt —for, a few moments after he had quitted hi* hold of the lantern, it (lipped from its support ud lay with broken framework and extinguished light on the floor of the charnel-house! In vivid contrast to the gloom and sllauee of the vanlt were the bright light and merry convciation at the Fen Owen Arms. Jem’s mueion—to him the cauie of so much appra hentioa and teiror—formed a subject of the utmost hilarity for the companions whom he had left bshind. As the time of hie ex pected return approached the merriment abated, and it was almost amidst silence in the inn ptrlor that a heavy tread waa heaTd approaching. In another moment Jem dashed into the room, elammad the door behind him, ud, srith n look of agonised terror in its direc tion, stood with his back to the wall trem bling in every limb ; his eyes glared wildly, not the sweat broke on hie forehead. No thing was audible ontside, except tha faint marmur of the now departing storm, and Jem took conrage It was even with some assumption of his usual manner that he an nounc'd that he had won the wager, and demanded the money. Bnt it was plain that Jem was suffering bom the sffact of eouu carious alarm, and when ha moved forward from tbe wall it was obvious that he htd been the victim of a violut assault from the rear. The ample skirts of his coat were dis covered to be ton and tattered as if by thi claws or faugiof some savage beast. In fact, they offered to view such scores and mark as might reprasut the results of u on ■laught by tbe spectral Sir Giles, Bj degrees he gave the result of hie exp:-zienctE to the following offset. Tha sudden extinction of the lutein, he said, had resulted in a condition of abcoln.’r darkness. Under the impulse of the Urro occasion by his alarming situation, Jtm bar made eaveral vain, bantic efforts to escar1 from then dismal inrroudisgs, At last tl doughty blacksmitn staggered and fell heavily npon Sir Giles's coffin, Becovetin. his presence of mind by a supreme effort he, with trembling hands, hammered tl c requisite number of aaiJ into the coffin <s jfWob be WW lgid, On rising aftir th* con pbtion of hi* talk, he had fouad himialf dragged backward by »oma Invialbla a***11 ant. who had attached him from tha point of vantage which the wicked baronet waa alleged to affect. By a frantic effort he had shaken himialf free from tha aeaailaat, who clang with pertinacity to hie ilditi, had reached tha exit from hie ghaatly P™°* home, had slammed the teas lira door in the f»ce of hi* fancied pnraner, and had pra ented himself at the Pea Owen Armi in the atat* of abjaot panic already daaoxlbad. A car*f *1 examination, however, of the seine of Jem Atkins** terror corrooomton the truth of hii narrative, and at the »ame time dtmonatrattd the nktnre of hi* my*t* lions assailant. It wai plain that, in Wa confusion and terror, tha one begotten.by his love, the ether by his dread of spirits, the blacksmith had nailed kia own coat-tail! to Sir Gi'es’e coffin. 