THE ASCENT OF MOUNT ABBUPT. (bt as amateur climber,) It rally was six o'clock on Sunday morn ing when the driver called me thongb I could have sworn the clock registered four. And this was before Mr. Daffy introduced the zone time and pirated twenty of the sweetest moments of every man's life in Victoria. I bad retired on Saturday night when the large band on the dial was reaching for the boar so dear to every properly conducted spook, that- conforms with the ancient and venerable os⩾ of ghost land It seemed so easy at that hour to tarn oat at six in the morning &Dd; help fill a drag bound for the slopes of the Grampians. Aod I should have arisen like the lark with one joyous bound into the centre of the room bat that I was tirmly convinced that our driver, who is the earliest bird in Hamilton, wss giving me six o'clock in place of the proper hour — four. He stayed not to de bate the point, however, but cruelly re moved the bedclothes with one cunoisg jerk, aod thos with a touch of that inhumanity of rnAn to man which makes countless thou sands mourn left me no alternative between shivering in pyjamas or seeking the shuddering delights of a shower bath. The ordeal wae eventually negotiated, and once dressed the merry chirping of the sparrows on the housetop and the bright sunlight on the window seemed very good things indeed, aod I was not long in concluding that the sluggard who lies abed after 6.30 p.tn. is but a poor creature narrowing - the bounds of his existence into the walls of bis bed chamber and bis office With this idea on top I assailed the door of a fellow lodger, and having gained admittance proceeded to enlarge upon the advantages of early risiog, illustrating my remarks hy skilfully re moving the bedclothes from the bed. Sunday morning prayers and two boots most accurately aimed at my devoted bead represented my only rew&rd;, and I left the ungrateful lodger to wallow in his sluggish somcolence and went abroad to revel in my own intellectual superiority- Something be tween the bellow of a belated calf and the shriek of a cornet player in distress sounded in the direction of the stables, and on waiting loto toey&ra; i loaua one ot one party who informed me that be was playing a coach horn. I persuaded him to desist, in the interests of the Life Assuraoce Compaoy frotn which he holds a policy, bat he h&d; already succeeded in roueing all but the dead in Hamilton. The rest of the party were amongst the aroused , and so we were soon loaded behind a very fair team of four horses and on the road to Dunkeld. The dew sparkled on the early spring grass, the snu was seoial and the sky clear, the horses fresh and the driver accomplished, so every thing oecessary to a pleasant Suoday morn ing was on hand. A few miles out the driver felt disposed to rest, eo having selected tbeoext mostaccomplished whip in the party, he hauded me the reiup. The other people in the drag were mean enough to feign con siderable alarm at the change but the horses. I am proad to say, kept on the centre of the track and the drag was not called upon to climb either stumps or fences. We stopped near a swamp to allow a gentleman who imagined he conld bit a mountain dock to get ont and try. He splashed over hie boot tops in water and fired both barrels at a flying bird but not even a feather fell. The reports had a most curious effect upon the leaders in oar team, more especially the off-side anima1, which -was so interested in the operations of the sportsman than it turned round and essayed to climb into the drag and fiod ont what alltheDoiee was about. At Ibis point our driver said he was quite rested aod he relieved me of the rein9. while some most uncalled for remarks were made by the others. We had a jolly drive to Dunkeld, UUI uuu iuc lunueuipMtuuuutn tue uiiuc post the fellmongery. Then we turned to the right and leaving the Bee farms oo the left traversed a rather rough track to the foot of Mount Abrapt. All tbe way out I noticed that it was im possible to get one's feet nicely under the seat because of certain obstruc tions. Enquiries only elicited from the Governor of the party the ioformation that tbe children were under the seat. Well, we always say nothing and sit low when the Governor speaks, and so I let the mystery abide ontil we reached camp. Then when the horses were fed, aod the water was pro- cared for the tea, and everybody was tired of orderiog everybody else to do everything the children were produced, and we dis covered that we bad brought np a fairly numerous family. We stood them in beauty eide by side all rouod tbe camp, and contemplated their well-filled proportions with the uttermost degree of unctuous anticipation. There were things the Governor called screws, and there were glasses, and meat pies and various other forms of Australian bullock, also apple pies and literally cakes and ale for the multi tude. With all this we felt that the ascent of Mount Abrupt might be accomplished, and the marvellous feat handed down throogh the glowing vista of time from generation to generation, even onto the day when the flying raachioe should soar through the mists which cap the Grampian peaks. Fortified and donbly fortified we set forth stoat of heart and short of breath to reach the giddy height 2,724 feet above the level of the sea. We quoted the figures to each Other, and striking attitudes cried " To yonder distant peak shall we bear onr upward steps, and should we fail to reach the apex of our ambition this night shall behold our mangled corses lyiog at the feet of tbe relentless crags of Grampians." Having taken a solemn round robiu declara tion to that effect, and a bottle of the true monntaio climbers' elixir we poshed forward. Is was charming tbe climb up that first gentle slope, and we gathered tbe brilliant heaths and searched for cran berries in the grass as gaily as schoolboys, proposing as we went to crowc ourselves with flowers as with laorels when we reached the 4op. We even sang, so crisp and iovigoratiog was the mountain air, and as for climbing, whv all agreed that it was a mere stroll across country. By and bye the path grew steeper, the songs were strangely bushed, tbe party began to string out in pairs, and those carrying a surplus of adipose tissue— of which I was one— were not in front. The stems of the bracken were eageny grasped Here and there, devotional language was indulged in over tbe eolee of slipping boots, coats and vests were discarded later on, while stout pointed sticks were very much in demand. At length after a desperate stroggle through a gorge walled in with high rocks we cast our selves down upon a broad plateau and said " Hurrah " aod several other tbtogs. The pretty heaths had long since beea left be hind, and so the crowning had to be abandoned, but all the same we were proud and happy men as we gazed on the surrounding country, and reflected that we had beaten that 2,724 feet. Alas ! We had only just begun to 'enjoy the triumph when somebody remarked that we were only half way up the moan tela. Looking round we saw the apparently inaccessible cragB of Mount Abrupt still defying us. We con cluded tfaataoy mountain that had two bops to it like that ought to be despised. I wondered how anybody could have described tbatfrand of a hill as frowning down in majestic grandeur upon the picturesque hamlet of DunkeM." Yet I bad done it in print, and could only give rent to my feel ings by swearing to climb to tbe very top and thus defy the treacherous bill. We went on, and tbe heavy weights were soon farther from ' the front than ever. I could hear a pair of foolish boys Who had over excited themselves rushing up tbe side calling to us away up amongst tbe ecrub, while I fought with brambles aod glassy moving stones nd longed for more mountain air than my longs- coald hold. Then I understood why the Governor who is not an amateur climber elected to et&y; below a&d-do; a little rabbit shooting. My companion was- agile and anxious to exhibit . his gross muscle and superior wfod as if that was something to be proud of. I bate to rush up a mountain, bees use one really does nofcclimblor.Jthe.sake of gasping for' breath and. cultivating an icbe in .-every part of bne's Ibodyo I treated to 'pause and drink in the delights of the great fissures filled ' with ' masses of lovely erns all sparkjingin with the diamonds lelft by V parfnttig cloud hanging to every delicate petal. I also wonted the, elixir mOnoSSaaale&br; Swora, add my agile friend was in a ' several yean arduous climbing we reached "' the anramit e11 towered with Loohiero— and , Iibreathed!ierF freely indeed.; 'A 'glorioue outlook from the edge of the cliff gave the »eye room to (w»nder-fpr . mile, , aod mile..; We oonld seeflXanat CennaWuia4way to the ' left' of that nearly to Brilarat. The - | that I fancied I could count them — but I i soon tired of that. All the undulating | country round Hamilton ..was clearly de- j fined, and the great grassy plains stretching away towards Mortl&ke; spread out like & vast bowling green' upon which giants as I t>ig & Mount Abrupt itself might have trundled for the Jack. Away down be- ; neath we could see a hare racing across the i paddocks, while a large haws hung almost motionless iu tbe space in front of us, possibly deeming Pass too smart to make a swoop worth try ing. Towards Dunkeld at the foot of the mountain we could see our drag. Smoke rose from a burning log and betide it was a long stout figure, with something white lyiog over Its face. Presently it moved, raised a hand and something black tipped op aod shooe in Hie sou against tbe gam trees. It was the governor indulging in a quencher, and, oh Tantalus ! we were so dry that our moQih6 could not even water at the .sight. Suddenly we made up oor minds to descend, plomiog ourselves on the ease with which we would reach tbe level. Of that descent I bare dreamed many times since and often have I fallen. Mien, thonaands of feet from tbe awful heights we climbed on. We lost our way and after becoming entangled in a ferny gorge elected to make to the left and pick tip the track. My partner in mis fortune seemed now to Imagine that he was a chamois, and what was worse, he got it ioto his bead that I was also gifted with tbe cleverness of that animal. We slid down , the face of rocks aod negotiated some : precipices with nothing between us and eternity save some scrub and a few trees. At one point my companion suggested that 1 looked white, and suggested that I was nervous. I scored the insinuation but re marked that the thought crossed my mind of how alarmed my poor mother would be if she could bat know where I was. The track was struck at last and presently the whole party came whooping down the slopes in pairs bearing ferne and heath and all manner of trophies. We bad conquered tbe mighty mountain, and when we had accounted for a few more cf the children we harnessed up and re turned to Hamilton, a pleasant spin at night finishing a 'trip which I can honestly recommend to all in search of an outing. 