our story. A WELL-GROOMED WOMAN- (Continued.) BUT it was not impossible and Mrs. Fenton proved it, if not to her spouse's satisfaction, at least to his con viction. She had recourse to all her forsaken arts of coaxing and wheedling, and at last, quite worn out with argu- ing and shuffling, he had to give in, and agreed to make a fool of himself on the morrow. The victor went up to bed triumphant, pausing in the nursery to leave the big mending basket and to lean lovingly for a moment over the bed where her twin boys lay sleeping — sturdy lads of 9. In the next room she drew aside little Mabel's tumbled curls aud left a kiss on the rosy cheek, and at length, with a deep sigb, sbe found herself standing before her dress ing table, taking down the coils of her hair. Many a silver thread- had stoleD into the bright brown ripples, but they still fell to her waist as abundant as ever, and against the girlish backgrouud her face seemed to lose some, of . its lines of care. Was it true that she hod been growing careless of her own appearance ? Like a flash there ran across her mind those words about Mrs. Van Dusen, and staring earnestly at the glass, she felt a thrill of simple pride in its assurance tunt wun sucu clothes that adorned that lady, they would be more on a par in good looks than a casual observer would jmogine. Then she thought of her husband and the experiment that was to be tried, and, laughing softly to hersrlf, she turned out the gas and got into bed, hearing that unfortunate man in the cellar below, muttering like the ghost of Humlet's father as he. put conl on the furnace (ire. The memory .of the following day is ev8n now a hideous nightmare to James Fenton. Never had the office where he kept books for a peppery and un reasonable coal merchant involved him in so many trying situations. His wife, true to the arrangement, had pre sented herself at br akfast, arrayed in her walking dress, and offered to make suggestions about culling Mabel's hair, trying on her pinafore and mending a mitten brought to her just as the one maid rang the bell for breakfast. Han nah was in the secret, for she had al- ready been to ask bis advice about the muffins with a giggle, and Tom and Harry had been told by mamma Unit their father would lay out iheir clean clothes and give them any help they needed in the toilet line. By the time he sat down at the Uble he was a des perate man. His own toilet had been sketchy in the extreme, and he bad literally not a minute to think. Mary in the gayest of spirits took his bundle of bills and went off, reminding bim not to forget to sort the washing just brought upstairs, and that this wa9 the day for sweeping the parlour. And I hope, said she cruelly at part ing,' that you will find time to give at iuns-t 50 strokes of the brush to your l ark hair, James dear. . The pen refuses to record what James replied under his. breath to that heart- lee's taunt — curses, not loud, but deep — for when a iuhu has said faiewell to his bark hair it' is hard to l>e reminded of it The day wore on. lie hardly knew why. he did not fling off the yoke and go down as usual but some dogged perversity in his tialure kept him at iiis post, and, to his own grim amuse ment, Hannah's delight and the child ren's astonishment, ho did his best to lake up nil his wife's forsaken duties. Site had not txnggr rated when she raid that her house was f«4J and she had not. time to think of herself. A thousand and one little tasks sprang up on every side. Housewoik seemed to him a many bended hydra, and one being knocked oil, another instantly npp. arcd in its place to distract and bewilder. Late in the afternoon, as he sat down for a moment to rest, seeing a spare quarter of of an hour before it was time to lay the table for supper, a loud out cry arose below stairs, and iho twins appeared, bearing poor little Mabel be tween them, a damp, doleful object, ! covered from head to foot with mud. The children talked altogether, and at the top of their lungs, trying to explain how Harry had playfully poked hi« sister, and how she had lost her balance and had fallen headforemost into the gutter, in the very gutterest place, papa, and the poor man tore his few re maining lockB as he bore his daughter off to the bath-room for a complete change of clothes, involving the intri- cncies of buttons, strings and pins all over again. At 5.30 Mrs. Fenton returned. A day spent principally in the open air had proved a veritable tonic, and she was a pleasant sight to see with a be coming colour in her cheeks aud eyes unwontedly bright, as she tripped up stairs lightly, in spite of her 40 years, bursting into the nursery in such a bus tle and stir of good spirits that it grated upon the nerves of her husband, pros trate upon the sofa after tho exhausting programme of his housekeeping. The fun died out of her voice though not from her glance ; as 6he bent over him, saying softly : Poor, dear James ! Still in your morning dress 9 What does this mean ? 1 am afraid you aro getting into untidy ways. Mr. Fenton groaned by way of reply. Mary, he murmnred, feebly, after a moment, will you accept an humble man's apology ? I never dreamed be fore what a never-ending round of work a woman's life could be. I'm a perfect wreck — bat I speak for myself. You will never hear another word of criti cism from me if you look like a'rag bag. Mary dropped a kiss on his fevered brow. It was the seal of her forgive ness. A quick look about the room showed her its disorder, but sbe kept her amusement to herself. I have had a busy day, too, she pursued brightly, taking off her bonnet. First, your bills.' The people who owed them wete so astonished when a woman walked in to collect that tbey handed over the money without a word, and befoie 1 1 o'clock my pocket book was full. That was the end of my duty. Business is rather amusing, James, I think, and not too exciting, for it left me a good many hours, you see, before it was time to jcome home, so I went to Cousin Lizzie's. James gave a start. Cousin Lizzie was a butterfly of .fashion, for whom Mary's tougue was usually a lash of scorn. Yes, Cousin Lizzie. And I said, Lizzie, I am not well dressed. That's no news, says Lizzie. No, but I want to be, says I. That's good news, savs Lizzie. Put on your things, says I, and take me to your tailor. So she did, and I've -ordered a very smart gown, uiy dear, which is quite equal to anything of auy neighbour's, a new bon net and a cape, gloves and boots and so on. 4nd I have had some corsets sent home from Mrs. Van Dusen 's own woman. You shall never have occasion to complain of me again, James. Well- groomed. I thank thee, Jim, for teach- , ing tne that word. As she went into the closet to put aw ay her wraps sbe stole a glance at her husband. It found him in a state of collapse, and in the remote depths of that closet she broke into a little flurry nf laughter only to be heard by the luoth balls among the furs. Just then the supper bell tingled. Come ! railed Airs. Fenton, guily, pubing her husband up from the sofa. I hey went and by ' tacit consent the day's doings chopped out of the conver sation. James Fenton slept the sleep of a penitent sinner that night and the mor row restoted the old regime. But the seed sown had dropped into good ground, and the next Sunday morning the head of the housekeeping department was mysteriously long over her toilet. When she emerged at length she was a vision of gored skirt, huge sleeves, smart cape, wide- bowed bonnet, new hoots and gloves. Her hair shone like satin and as for her figure it was as tiim r.s a fashion plate. Mr. Fenton opened his mouth and shut it again. He was dumb. But the children shrieked with delight, aud pirouetted around the dazzliug apparition and curiosity. I say, isn't mamma a daisy ? cried Tommy, tossing bis bat into tbe air. Mabe! crept up timidly, fingering the folds of the flaring skirt and looking up into her mother's vivid face, she said, hesitatingly, Are you pretty, mamma ? No dear, answered Mary Fenton de murely, but I am well-groomed and I possess a very great charm. There was a small pile of bills on .Mr. Fenton's desk the first of the mcntb. He counted up the total with a sigh, made out a check and wrote to the Fishing Club that he could not take the trip with thorn after all. Then he went round to the office of the Even ing Comet and stopped his subscription to that unfortunate newspaper. — Satur day Globe, Concluded. 