ILLAWAERA ELECTORATE. Meeting of Protectionists. A general meeting of protectionists, called by advertisement for the purpose of transacting general business and selecting a candidate to contest the lllawarra election, was held in the council chamber, Wollon gong, on Saturday evening, when there was a good attendance. Mr. Frank O'Donnell. J.P.. was voted to the chair. The Chairman, having stated the business of the meeting, impressed upon those pre sent the necessity of having only one cari didate in the field in the protectionist in terest and of working unitedly in his sup port. The aocrelary (Mr. VV. J. Wicemau) read a letter from Mr. J. Osborne, editor of the Star, in answer to one written by him ask . ing that gentleman to recommend a good . man to stand for lllawarra in the protec tionist interest, and to ask the gentleman suggested to attend that meeting, adding ~ that of course they could not undertake to pay Ilia expenses. Mr. Wiseman explained that in the coarse of his letter to Mr. Osborne be remarked that he was also writing to Mr. William Robson for advice in the matter, and Mr. Osborne apparently was nnder tho impression that he was sug gesting Mr. Robson as a candidate, for in . his reply he said : ' In my opinion a better man to contest lllawarra against Campbell than William Robson could not be found. He is a clean man and level- headed, and I will try to see him.' Young Mr. Robson (a aon of Mr. William Robson ) wrote say ' ing that he saw Mr. Beatson had been mentioned for Wollongong ; it would be a pity to let Mr. Campbell have a walk-over, and if Mr. Beatson would not corns out he ' would go down and fight Mr. Campbell for the sake of the party ; meanwhile ha asked that it should be publicly announced that lie was prepared to Btand. He ('Mr. Wise man) replied to Mr. Robson' that ho had already written to his father and Mr. Osborne and he had better see tham. Again, on the 4th, young Mr. Robson wro e ? that he had noticed that Mr. Beatson was not coming out, eo he would go down and give Mr. Campbell a good fight for his seat. He expressed himself in favor of protection, Upper House reform, federation, etc., and went on to sav that he c -uld get the support of the party loaders and of tho Star, and he believed he could get Mr.' Edmund Barton (with whom he waa on friendly terms) to comedown and give an address on federation and other wise assist him ; the fact that he had Buch a large stake in the district and that he had ao many friends ought to assure him strong ?upport. Mr. Wiseman said that in reply to that letter he had advised Mr. Robson to attend that meeting. Another letter, dated 6th inat., waa received from young Mr. Bobson asking for the support of the com mittee in the ensuing Parliamentary elec tion, requesting permission to place his views before that meeting, and adding that he had recoived offers of assistance from well-known protectionists, and had been advised by the editor of the Star to come down and start the campaign at once. The correspondencj waa formally re ceived. Mr. William Osborne said he wished to make a personal explanation. At the meet ing on Wednesday evening ho stated that Mr. C. J. Cullon was willing to come for ward in the protectionist interest if chosen by the meeting, but in that morning's Mercury a letter from Mr. Cullon appeared in which he characterised that statement as untrue. The word untrue was italicised, and thereforo he took it that Mr. Cullen accused him of wilful falsehood. He wished to Bay that he had given, to the best of his recolleotion, everything that was said on the occasion of his interview with Mr. Callen, but it was clear there had been n misunderstanding betwepn ihem. That letter having been published he had decided not to take any prominent part in the eleotion, although he would vote for the candidate selected by the meeting. Mr. Walter Evans said he was satisfied there had been a misunderstanding betweei Mr. Cullen and the gentlemen who waited on him, becauso shortly after their visit Mr. Gallon told him that he had given them diatinctly to understand ho would not come out. Mr. J. P. Oalvin wished to say only a vory few words. For seme reason or other the protectionist cause was brought into ridicule by tho manner in which last Wed nesday night's meeting was conducted. lie was not present at that meeting, but from the press reports of it be was satisfied tint it was oonduoted in a most improper manner — (Hear, hear) — and in a way that unfortunately must result in damage to the cmse of protection. He regretted that personalities were indulged in on that oc oasion. (Applause.) Mr. Earl went out of his way to insult him, and was guilty of the extreme meanness of repeating a private conversation with him. Ho did not repeat it correctly, though, for ho (Mr. Galvin) never said ho would vote for Mr. Campbell at the last election. He did not voto for him, nor for his opponent oithor, and his elector's right had not yet boon used. He defied any ono to say that ho had ever been known to 'turn dog' on a friend--(Hear, hear)— and when ho_ an nounced himeolf as u candidate ho did so for a certain purpose and in tho best inte rests of protection. (Applause.) Ho had no intention of standing ?' tho way of hia p»rly, but if he could *»rvi Uin groat cause in which Iks boliwvwl by baulking certain Jfl/IIWdfj*l0 ill: would novo/- I'! backward in 'UAw, Mr, Kfcrl to (;«i-»i'Jor tin Itfivr (A ).ht- I'fiii'iuiioutr.Ui in Wollongong, and he was pure he regretted very much neglecting to obtain his permis sion befo-e announcing himself. Mr. Eirl had said he would not support him but. W'.u!d r.ithjr vote i,r Mr. Campbell. Well, it waa really unkind of Mr. Ka 1 to damn hi3 politic. 1 prospects in the way lie had don-;, becau?e witnout the aupp ore of Mr. Karl of course it would be useless for any candidate to expect to sii— (Laugh'er.) Of course they a'l knew Mr. Earl always went for the genuine artic'o, an I for thit alone, and there w«3 no doubt that if lie were only fortunate enough to hive Mr. Eirl's support he would certaioly prove the genuine conqueror. Mr. Earl, although a protectionist, said he would vote for Mr. Campbell. Well, if he did that he would probably fmd that he was again travelling on the wrong ticket. Mr. Galvin repea'ed that the announcement of his candidature was made in the bast interests of his party, and he might now say that he had for some weeks past been writing to see if they could get a really strong man to represent them (Applause.) Only such a man could hope to win the seat. As a private citizen Mr Campball had many admirers, and, in a community like this, that carried great sway. Unle3i they could get a very strong man to come down to contest the election they would not have the ghost of a chance to beat Mr. Campbell. (Hear, hear.) He (Mr. Galvin) hoped that meeting would set to work in a business-like way and nut heap more ridicule on the cause of protoc tioo. He needed no character from Mr. Eirl, but was anxious that a suitable can didate should be appointed. If any of those present had any kndwledgo of a strong lean who would be willing to stand in the protectionist interest, he hoped hi3 name would be mentioned. (Applause.) Tho Chairman remarked that, as the general business had been dealt with, tbey had now to deal with the selection rif a candidate. Mr. Robson had asked permission to address the meeting, and if agreeable he would call on him to do eo. Mr. T. Cooper said the meeting had been sailed for the purpose of selectins a cen didate, and he would move that Mr. J. P. Galvin be chosen to stand In the protec tionist interest. Mr. M'Ardle had much pleasure In seconding the motion. Mr. Walter Evans thought the meeting ought to know the result of Mr. Galvin's correspondence. They all knew that Mr. Campbell was a first class citizen, and that there was not a man in the electorate fit to beat him. As ti Mr. Robson, he was quite unknown — a dark horse, as it were — and he would move that Mr. Robson be heard. Mr. Galvin said tho correspondence re ferred to was of a private nature, but he thought the reason that no candidate had been nomi'iiit ;d for lllawarra by the pro tectionist parly in Sydney was that they were still busily engaged in selecting can didates for tho Sydney and suburban plectorates. Mr. Osborne, editor of the Star, said that if they could get Mr. A. W. Meeks ('f Gibbs, Bright, and Co.) to stand they would be fortunate, a3 he was ono of the strongest men in Sydney. Mr. W. E. V. Eob3on : Mr, Meeks will not stand. Mr. Osborne ? Mr. Galvin : Would it surprise you to hear that Mr. Osborne advised me to en deavor to get this meeting to nominate Mr. Meeks? Mr. Eobson : I only know what Mr. Osborne told me. Mr. Galvin : Well, Mr. Osborne is writing about other candidates as well as you, yon must recollect. Mr. Wiseman seconded the motion that Mr. Robson be heard, which was carried. Mr. W. E. V. Robson thanked those present for giving him tha opportunity to address them. He regretted that there appeared to be such a want of unanini'ty in regard to the present political crisis in Wollongong. (Hear, hoar.) And, fur'hir, he somewhat resented the manner in which Mr. Galvin turned round upon him in the most unprovoked manner a few minutes previously. If Mr. Galvin felt ho could win the election and the meeting thought likewise let them select him ; he (the speaker) only wanted the great cause ol protection to win. He knew Mr. A. W. Meeks was a splendid man, but ho doubted whether hs would consent to stand. Mr. Osborne t 'ld him that Mr. Meeks bad promised to give him a definite answer by Saturday morning, but that he was afraid his business ongagements would not allow of his contesting the election. Mr Osborne then advised him (Mr. Robsou) to fight Mr. Campbell, and therefore he had come down to the district. Mr. Robson proceeded to soy that if he contested the election he would do so on the basis of the retention of the present tariff. It seemed that if the Government had their way the industries of tho colony would be sacri ficed to a mere theory, and he quoted the sugar industry as one example of the evil effects that would follow the romission of tho duties, declaring that if the duty were taken off 40,000 people would bn thrown out of omployment, and an industry in which a capital of a million and a half had been invested would be utterly destroyed. The candle, soap, biscuit and other indus tries were in tho same p'8 ton. Ho would oppose any land tax except in tho first instanca under a Local Government Bill. The first result of Mr. Reid's po'icy would be that incorporated areas wo Id have to pay a double tax ; and in - rder to make up the deficiency that would be csnsed by the reduction in the Customs revenue the land tax would have to be increased to 2d. H» was in favor of federation, but wanted to Bee it started on somewhat equal term'. The question they had to deal with now was : Whether they would pay a little morn in an indirect way through the Customs for tho purpose of soundly establishing their industries and providing employment^ for the people, or continue to dole out rations to the people in the way of charity ? Every intelligent man, every honorable man, and every man who valued his inde pendence must prefer the policy that would employ their own people. He believed in Upper Homo reform, but not in the system proposed by Mr. Reid under which thero would be so muchpowet in the hands of the Ministry of tho day that members of the Council would become their mero creatures. Ho would prefor to see tho number of councillors reduced to about 60, under an olectivo system, and in cas1} of a bill being rejeoted twico provision mado for a conferonco betwoon the two Hou'oa. Ho was in acoord with tho gonnr.il pro posals issued by tho protectionist party. If they returned Mr. Campbell to Parlia ment ho must support a Government plodgnd to rornovo a'l duties, iooludingthat on coke. Ho (Mr. Robson) had beon a3Sociated witli tho district all his life time. Ho had always sponl, bin holidays h re, and his name had beon honorably known since his grandfather opened the Keira mino. Ho had nianagod by industry to reach a cortnin potition, und generally succeeded in anything ho undortoolf. and if ho were soloctad to contest thin election ho ought t ) havo tho unanimous support of the protec tionists, for tlicy could never win with a divided party. .(Applause.) Tho Chairman thon called ou Mr, Galvin to address the moetiug. Mr. Galvin said he had not the slightest intent on of making a political speech. Without d siring to ba in the least diare 30-=c'ful 'i Mr. R.ihson, he wished to say thit nti her of iha:n would have tho ghoBt L,f a show a.'aimt Mr. Campbell. (Hear, hear.) They mint have a loading member of the p.-o'eci -nist pirty and assist him with tho'ir influenc-3 and, if nocossary, their money, lie was n.i: in a posi ion to pro p ie2 any oni that ni^h c. They should not be too precipitate. He had been promised a lot of support, but was not fool enough t) think he could win. And there was no use taking a vote between himself and Mr. Robson. They should have organised weeks ago, but, although it was now a bit late, if they could bring out a really good man they could win the seat, and ho would heart'ly support him. (Apjlauje.) Mr. Wiseman said it was all vory well for Mr. Gal?in to talk about organising long ago and all that kind ot thing, but he should have betn present at tho meeting oa Wednesday night. M-. G*l?in advised tbetn not to ba t 'O precip tate, yet polling day had been fixed for the 24th, and this -vas tho 6th. What time was there for a stranger to slump the district! Mr. Robson was a partxular friend of his. Why, his grandfather was known a3 con duct ir of Keira mine for 20 years; his father wa3 also well-known, and he had a big stake in the district. Although Mr. R'i'oson was a young man, he could assure them that he had an oid head on his young shoulders. And what if he wa3 a young man? Look at Mr. Wise — why, ha was At'orney-General before be was 30. Young men ou^ht to be assisted. They ought to docide straightaway as to whom they should select as their representative. What was to ba gained by waiting ? Would they have a larger meeting than that ? What was the uooJ of calling men tage her to do nothing ? Hardly any one appeared to take an interest in tha mat'er, and some were always trying to throw cold water on the efforts of others. Mr. Galvin said it would ba simply im possible ti get a better man than Mr. Traill, the author of one man ooe vote. He was thu mo3t dem 'cratiu man in tha Assembiy when a member of it, and was admitted to be one of the ablest met in the colony. He might no', however, con sent to stand, for, owing to some reason r-r other, inetrop ilitan candidates did not cire to touch this electorate, but ho wou'd move that Mr. Traill be asked to stand for llla warra in the in erests of protection. Mr. W. Osborne seconded the mo'.ion. Mr. E. O'Neil said there w«re several men thrown out for Sydney electorates last year who might bo willing to contest this election against Mr. Campbell. The name of Mr. Traill had been mentioned, and not a bettor man could they have. Then there was Mr. Wilfred Blackett and Mr. Edmund Barton, both good men. It was a matter for regret that these men were not in Parliament. He agreed with other speakers that it would be simply useless for any local man t) stand against Mr. Campbell, but he did not think that gentleman wonld get such support as many imagined, as a great many who had voted for freetrade in the past wonld on this occasion support the protectionist party on j acc 'Unt of the proposed land tix. ' Mr. Joseph Mackel asked whether Mr. Wiseman would coutsat the election in the event of his being selected ? Mr. Robson : Nothing would give me greater pleasure than to see Mr. Wiseman come forward. He could carry the election if any one could. Mr. Wiseman said he would not attempt to contest the election simply because he did not think he could win, and he did not believe in losing his time and all that sort of thing and yet be defeated. But, make no m stake about it, if he thought he would havo any show h9 would he quite wi ling to offer himself. (Applause.) Mr. Wise man went on to eulogise the Dibbs Govern ment and expressed the opinion that by the time the Reid Government vacated office they would have a detieit o? a million pounds, for already they were half that amount to the bad, although they tried to make out that was not the case. In con clusion, ho asked the meeting to make no mistiko about it — he hocestly would nnt be a candidate. Mr. E. Richards thought they should do something definite. They ought to have had a man in tho field a week ago ; and any man now coming forward would have a great handicap as Mr. Campbell's suppor ters had formed committees in all parts of the district. He was glad to Bee that the mania which was so provalent for a few hours had disappeared. When he saw ao many candidates announced in the course of a few days, he began to think they would all becandldatesand that the fallow who had the most brothers would win the seat. (Laughter.) Mr. Richards spoke in very high terms of Mr. Traill, but said there was ono man in the district who could spoil the chance of any protectionist in New South Wales — Mr. Lysaght. To ran a protec tionist with that gentleman also in the field would be a fruitless, stupid and in sane act. He wished to speak plainly. Ho had taken a lot of interest in political matters, and he thought they should wait upon Mr. Lysaght in a courteous manner, endeavor to prevail upon him not to enter the field, and then try to get a man like Mr. Traill to run single- handed in the protec tionist cause. Unless that oonld be ar ranged it would be better to abandon the election, tin did not, however, think Mr. Lysaght wuull interfere with the protec tionists on this occasion, but there were men in the district who occuoied a some i what similar position to Mr. Lysaght. The motion that Mr. Traill be asked to allow himself to be nominated was then carried, about a dozen hands being held up in its favor And one against. Mr. Wiseman moved and Mr. John Porter seconded that Mr. Barton be asked to stand. Mr. Porter said he was confi dent the farmers as a body would vote for protection this time, and urged the neces sity of all working unitedly. He re spected Mr. Ctmpbdl as much bb any man could possibly do, and a'l he waa sorry for was that they differed in their political vi„w8_(Hsar, hoar)— but if they could get a particularly strong man to oppose him they would succeed in defeating nim. Mr. Galvin said he had hoen in communi cation with reference to Mr. Barton and had been authoritatively informed that that gentleman did not wish to come for ward on this occasion. Mr. Walter Evans moved that the chair man (Mr. O'Donnpl'), Mr. Galvin and Mr. WiBoman proceed to Sydney on Monday, interview Mr. Traill, and invito him to contest lllawarra, and in tne event of h's declining, wait upon Mr. Barton, Mr. Meeks, or any other prominent protec tionist with a similar invitation. He (tho speakor) wou'd gladly pay his share of tho expense incurred by the deputation. (Ap planse ) ... Mr. E. O'Neil seconded the motion and also exprcsed his willingness to contribute towards tho exponso that would be necos aary. Tlie motion was carried. Mr. W. E, V. Robson said he wiohod to explain that ho came to Wollongong fully determined ti consult the conmittoe that night. He recognised that, althongh he was wc'l known loca'iy, he was not known in tho outlying districts, and h» agreed that a Strong man was required. He wished it to be understood, however, that if they failed to induce a man of the same stamp ns Mr. Meeks to itmd — some ruan we'l known thr-nghout the length and breadih of tho colony — he intended t- fight the elect on against Mr. Campbell, although, should a Fuitablo man be f rev--i'ed upon to Cime forward, he wou'd do hii utmost to secure bis return. 