A GHOST AT GLENELG. The recent teachings of ; leaders of the theosophic cult or their natural superstitions seem to have aroused in the minds of some of the residents of Gleuelg the old-fashioned belief in the existence oh ghosts. While some nervous individuals^ have been nadly terrified by a mysterious light appearing through a window in an empty house not far from Jetty-road, the "manifestation" has provided a' big "draw" from a;spectacular point of view. Every evening for the past fortnight 50 or'more people have, assembled in the hope or dread of seeing "spirits." In fact no concert of church gathering had a chance against the "supernatural- show." There seem,: however, to be some un believers at the' Bay. A "Resident" wrote i under the date of June 15 " There seems to_ be a great deal of talk going round this seaside ^township ahput a super natural light appearing in a certain window of an tmoccupied mouse after dark. .1 have seen the light and come to the conclusion that it is a reflection from one. of the, adjacent houses or else someone playing'a joke. - I think this sort of thing ought to be looked into, as' it is frightening .ladies who have to: pass by this spot after , dark." The ghost, however, seems to have been ' satisfactorily laid. "Things were getting rather exciting," writes' our , Glenelg correspondent, " when a gallant Civil servant, despite the entreaties of his friends to he careful, approached the window, threw it open, and plunged into the. mysterious chamber. In a fraction of a, second about 40 pairs of eyes were peering in at the window eager to witness the fate of the investi gator. But like the . 'will-o'-the-wisp' the ghost had vanished. It was rather hard after this that the finale should- have, been most prosaic. A well-known Hindley-street clothier placed an overcoat over a gas lamp.which shed its rays from a distance of about 200 yards and—cxcbat ghost. ' This gentleman has dis covered "a simple but. effective method ^ of raising ghosts." - 