GENERAL GLEANINGS A fornalo infant child of Mrs WilliainH died suddonly at Went Wallsend on Tuesday. The child bad nix on cach hand and Bix toes on each foot. In a " mensago" to the Americans, published la?t week, Mr Gladstone nays that tho United States ivhon it adopts frectrade, will beccmo tho greatest commercial power of tho world, and with 00 per cent, of tho world's enrrying trade. Tho admiralty hue granted a pension to Mr Francis J. Lea, late Surgeon of the Ringarootua on tho Australian Statiou, and who was dismissed the servico by court-martial for insubor dination in ordering his superior odicor. Captain S. A. Johnson, on tho ?ick list. Tho bullocks sont to England by tho steamer Uumston Grange have been killed, and the meat is celling in the Central Meat Markets, Smithlield, at about 2a lOd per stone. It is oxpected that there will bo u loss of about £3 per head on tho bullocks shipped by the Urmston Grange. In tho article upon tho defences of Capo Colony, tho 'Times says that the readiness of the Capo Government to present two meu-of-war to tho Imperial navy, unhampered by con ditions such as thoso which paralyse tho efficiency of the Australian squadron, constitutes a movement of the utmost value to tho Empire. As nn instance of the vitality of wattle seed a caso is reported from Victoria of seed remaining dormant for nearly *10 years. An allotment of land that was at ono time in wattles was cleared, ull the treo? boing destroyed. After a lapse oE well nigh 40 years tho land was ploughed and. otherwise worked, when up sprang a thick crop of wattles. Just boforo tho first dance at a ball at Greytown (N.Z.), tho other night, a little terrier dog in tho gallory becatno excited at tho tuning of tho big bass fiddle, and made a bound over tho railing of tho gallery, landing with a bump amongst the musican? below. Tho dog lost all intore?t in the fiddle as soon as he struck tho floor. Tho ultimatum of tho British Com mander oil the China slntion (vice- Admiral A. Buller, C.8.) led to tho ordering of the iuuncdiato execution of eight persona concernrd in tho recent massacro of misaiouarios of Ku- Cheng, and the issue of an Imporial edict thnt in future tho local authorities snd consult) may direct tho execution of porsons implicated without reference to the Vicoroy. During tho past two or throo days crodenco has been given by tho small boys of l'ort Adelaido and tho neigh bourhood to tho Btory that a ghost ia abroard after nightfall within tho dis trict. It is not known how tho rumour originated, but tho tale has spread with remarkable rapidity, and thero if a notable absonce after dark of youngsters from tho principal streets w'hero thoy had bcou nccustomcd to play. A Crimean veteran nauiod John O'Kcefo, 90 years of ago, applied to tho Hawthorn Bench on Tuesday for relief. lie bore on his coat tho valour badges for active services in tho Crimea and Indian mutiny, and ex hibited to the Court the marks o£ wounds received during tho various engagements. Tho Bench, on learn ing from tho veteran that that day was the anniversary of tho battle of Bala clava, granted hiln £1 from tho poor box. A rather amu?ing incidont occurred in a school at Hastings, Hawke's Bay (N.Z ), recently. The name of a delinquent was nuked for, aud as ho would not confes? the tnastor punished the whole clas?, and afterwards suggested that the right one ought to bo put into a wator trough. Soon after play hour arrived, and the boy who should have owned up had hardly got outsido when he wa? seized and bundled head first into the trough, amid a general chorua of " Serve him right." The Colonial Secretary has ap pointed Dr. Manning, Government Medical Officer, and Dr. Goode, a member of tho Government Medical Board, to inquiro into tho charges mado by Mr O'Reilly, M.Ii.A., against a female official of the Govern ment Asylums Dopartmont. This action was taken undor tho strength of information obtained through tho police at Mr O'Koilly's instance, but to which Mr Brunker is detorrainod tho accused person shall have full opportunity of replying before ho forma any official opinion on tho case. It is stated in official circles that Major-Goneral Ilutton, -C.8., A.D.C. to tho Queon, who has bocu in com mand of tho local military forces Bitico the ond of May, 1803, will return to England in January uoxt. Tho General's ongagemont was for threo years, tho period dating from the date of leaving England to the day upon, which ho is duo to report himself again at head quartors—namely, about tho middle of April uoxt. Tho Government hnvo not as yet taken into consideration tho question of ap pointing a successor to General Ilutton, but there is evorv probability that tho command will not bo given to any Imperial officer, at all events until after a considerable lapao of time. 