IS 10TE A DKEAM? BY MBS HERBERT MARTIN. Night was falling—a. grey, damp October night—on tho great wilderness of London. Night pierced by the sounds of the vast city, which strike bo mournfully at times ou the ear of one who vaguely listens in tho solitude that is loneliest of all, tho solitude set in a crowd. Such a solitude was George Brandon’s as as ho sat over the fire in his luxuriously fur nished Hat in South Kensigton. The flat and the furniture were alike new as well as coBtly. A year ago ho had been very dif ferently housed, a struggling young journalist in dingy rooms in Camden Town. Those poverty- stricken days were over, when he hardly knew where his next diuner was to come from. The death of an old cousin who left no will, and from whom ho had no expec tations, had given him comparative wealth, aud he was rising into repute as a clover writer. But as ho sat now, musing, with the un opened magnzino on on his kues, he did not look much happier for hi3 change of fortune, lie was dreaming of the past, which chance, or Providence, had oddly recalled with extra ordinary vividness to a memory which had never quite let it go. His eyes had fallen, at. one of tho station bookstalls, ou the colored print sold with one of tho Christmas annuals that shower about cur ears now with the autumn leaves—almost as thickly. A likeness which attracted him to it had surprised him more and more ; almosj: against himself ho had returned to the stall, with a cynical half- smile at his own fatuity, and had bought the pretty, worthless thing, because it reminded him of that village .'nar tho Thames, the littlo humble cottage, ovi-igeown with Virginia creeper, that summer three ye.ira ago, auu of the very Bpirit and presence that made the place, the cottage, the sumraor, lovely. The picture represented a young girl, slender, hut round, whose curly hair surrouuded an innocent and happy face. Perhaps tho likeness wan only superficial, yet it did remind him of Molly Ellis—poor, pretty, merry little Molly, the daughter of his laud, lady, a faded, melaucholy lady, widow of an unlucky curate. He had never been able to understand how such a parentage could have given birth to Molly, whoso apple-blossom face, dark-blue eyes and sweet young mouth were made for joy, aud not sorrow. | “It’s like—yet it’s not like,” ho mused. Molly was prettier, and less pretty. There was more irregularity in her face, but more character, more charm. That girl hasn’t Molly’b euchauting dimple nor her ruPFet-red hair. Her eyes were larger; they had a wistful look in them sometimes, though she was bo merry, so full of life. They turned away from me with tears in them, I remember, when X said good-bye. How could X say good-bye and nothing more? I don’t know; it was on tho tip of my tongue to tell her what I felt— that 1 loved the dear little thing as I had never loved any girl, that if only Bbe would wait— wait—but I dared not ask her. I thought then it meant endless and hopeless years. How could I tell that to-day I should bo rich aud dull and lonely. Was it my fault? Yet I felt a beast as I went away and left her standing there and looking after me, so sadly, in the porch, with the red creeper hanging round her pretty head, which the sunbeam just caught. Oh! haven’t I seen her a hundred times stand ing so and looking after mo? Haven’t X heard thataweet, young, round voice a hundred times, as X used to hear it before 1 was quite awake in that little attic room, Binging her innocent love songs? I used to say. “That voice has no pas sion in it, though the child uses passionate songs.” But how sweet it was! They wero desperately sentimental those tongs of hors full of nightingales and golden days, and al the delicious despairs of young love! “There was one she always sang, * Love is a dream.’ Poor Molly! I hope she woke from her dream soon, and found a happy, common place, waking reality of life! I seem to blame mvsolf, but I was not to blame. I did not for get her. No, God knows I never did. Com pared with her I know I am a worldling and a cynic, but I honored her as much aa I loved her. X wrote when I got this money. It was like a stab at my heart when that letter came back from the Dead Letter Office, with its cold official scrawl, 1 Gone away—no address.’ I daresay she’s all right — married to some lucky fellow by now. She was sure to marry. There was the doctor’s assistant, that red handed, sallow-faced bounder, who was so desperately jealous of me, and scowled over the pewa all service time when I sat by Molly and held the hymn-book with her. BIobs her little heart, how sweet her voice sounded in my ears! He may very likely be a full-fledged apothecary | by now, and she may be MrB Gallipot some where. It’s odd I can’t forget the child. j Sometimes I think I have. The memory of j that halcyon month sleeps, and I go jogging along all right, and fauey romance is quite dead and gone, but it’s only hypnotised. It wakes, . • and I know it iB alive. A thing like that” — he glanced up at the colored print which was , pinned above bis mantelshelf—“setB all my j philosoj by nt naught, and lam spooning and i mooning again as if I were the drudgiug, poverty-stricken, unlucky, lucky, poor devil I used to be three years ago, before my fortunes mended and my bear hardened.” He Bat and let his pipe go out. His rm-lan- ; choly, dark eyes dwelt on the smiling face, but he saw something else through and behind it. 1 He looked into deeper, tenderer eyes, that used to falter aud shift under liis when they grow I ’ too ardent; he saw tho flitting rose that a | deepened inflection or a half-caressing word would make blossom on her cheek; he heard in the silence, that was only broken by the rumble , aud the cries of the street down bolow, the echo of a fresh, gay, and yet somehow pathetic voice < aiuging in the orchard where the blackbirds sang. The foolish sentimental words came back that did not seem foolish then. “ Love is a dream—love is a dream—and &ad; is the 1 awakening.” Yes, a dream ! he was dreaming it all over again; and he did not want to wake. 1 If only he need not—if he could annihilate time and space and bring Molly—his own Molly— pretty and warm and sweet—to his lonely arms —his empty hearth. He had eat thus, lost in the mists of memory, he did not know how long, without moving, without any consciousness of material things, of every sensation hut that strange and pass ionate longing for what was lost and gone. Suddenly it seemed to him that this very desire of his produced a miracle, A voice from that past he had evoked, an echo from those happy bygone days—was it a living voice or did it come from nothing of flesh and blood, but from a spirit that called his spirit, telling him that his lost love, his un wooed sweetheart, had passed beyond these voices? He thought so. He sat rigid, listening to that wild, sad, wandering voice, believing it came from no mortal woman. Aud the voice sang, n Love is a dream—love is a dream—aud sad is tho awakening! ” It was Molly’s song, it was Molly’s voice— ah, no, that could not be! It was a delusion, born of the thoughta that had overpowered him; or else Molly was dead, was a disembodied spirit, and had come back to visit the glimpseB of the moon for his dear sake, for he knew well enough tho child had loved him, silently, with • the fervor of an untried heart that hardly know how much it could love. So he aat on, like a frozen image of a man, and listened to that voice from the distance. Ho might have let it go by thus—it was getting fainter os if it passed, when a strong shudder passed over him and shook him, as it were, into , ordinary life and consciousness. His common sense asserted itself; he found himself on his | i feet and awake. “ It is not a delusion 1 Itisno 'spirit!” He uttered the words aloud; it seemed to him as if someourt else spoke thorn. All that ho was now conscious of was a horrible fear lest that wandering voice auouid go by and leave him alone—Blioula lie lost in the darkness of the vast and cruel streets, and pass once more out of his life—for ever. Boloro ho realised entirely what ho was doing, what overwhelming influence coerced him, he found himself liatlesr, pnutir.g in tho quiet street, uud the voice was silent. Despair clutched him. He had lost her—again. Which way should he turn? But farther off, 6omo hundred yards distant, he heard it again, hut faint and faltering. This time it sang the dear old ballad which he made her learn to pleasa him, “ Kathleen Mavourueeu”—“ It may ho for years, and it may be for ever”—He turned and darted towards the sound. He moved and acted like a somnambulist. The slender, trem bling, shabby figure in black was ciose to him. A sad, pale, pathetic little face, whose dark blue eyes spoke of heart-break, was raised, and tho dim light of tbo street lamp faintly illumined it. Oh, Molly! Molly 1 pretty, smiling, happy little Molly! have you come to this—to this? He took her arm gently, tenderly, but even that ^ gentle touch made her atart away from him with a shiver of terror and repulsion. Poor child' she had learnt to shudder at the touch of her kind, to look on passing men as all enemies to tho ono thing left her—her self respect. “ lot go of me!” she said, tremblingly. “No, Molly, not now I have found yon. Never again, Molly." He spoke firmly and slowly. He had found her, bat ha dared hardly yet rejoice. How had ho found her? In the dreadful, cruel street, alone, unprotected, in poverty—a street singer! Ho would never forsake her. uover ho anything but hor truest friend ni.u champion, hut till he knew more he dared not think of more. “Molly?” she said wildly, staring at him with bewildered eyes, from which the terror had not yet gone. “ Who calls me jloi.y now ? Who are you?—oh, I cannot see—the light is so dim—or my eyes are I daren’t think who you may ho 1” “Someono who is your friend—your friend. But come in - come home—out of this cold and dark, Molly—out of these hateful streets. Don’t you know iue, Molly ? Have you quite for gotten ? O God I”—sobbing in a sudden agony of relief—“it is you. 1 dared nut believe it. You, you at last—after ali this time.” She clung to him now, with both her thin, cold little hands. Ho drew her swifily hut gently to tho doorway from which he came. Ho took her, almost currying her, up tho two flights of stouo stairs to his own door. In another moment Molly was in the heart of the warm, softly lighted, softly furnished room, and had sunk among the cushions of tho deep nnnehair in front of the tire, still sobbing in tbe deep relief of tears. He said nothing at first. S-ho must be warmed and fed and comforted before he dared to look into the past or forward to tho future. Ho took off her shabby black hat, her little thin mantle, with a touch like a woman. His ha.-helor tray of coffee with the spirit lamp was ready on the table. He made a cup hot and forced her tenderly to sip it. The faintest dawn of the old sweet color was coming on tho worn white face; when she looked up at him. and tried to smile her gratitude his heart bounded. He saw his former love again; he knew that into whatever dire straits some cruel fate had brought her it was his own Molly, sweet and pure and faithful, that looked through those tear-dimmed eyes. “ Oh, ’’she said, her words cut in two with a sob, “ how good—how good you are to me! Is it really yon? Am I dreaming it all? Shall I wake —outside in the dark and the cold and the He knelt at her feet and looked up at her. 5 was not afraid of looking now. ‘Dirlin". you shall never wake out of this earn. It fcfl-and I love you. Didn’t you [OW I loved you three yeurs ago r” “ I—1 thought so. But you went away. “I was afoolto'go, but I never in-aut to bo villniu. I was too poor theu—I hadn’t any “Poor?"sbo said' wondsringly, us her eyes. lancod round the room, that to her simple nicy seemed fit for a palace. “I was poor then—X expected always to bo. his money came to mo only a year ago when I id lost sight of you. I wroto, Molly ; X wrote i ask you to eliare it with m-, to be my own. ifo. 1 never wanted any other woman-” “Youwrote to me “Yes, tho letter came hack, lour address as not known. I lost you. Oh, my precious e, I havo found you now ! I never will let >u go &o; winter after you were with us," Bho ■an, stumbling iu the confusion of her id over her words, “that next winter, ee years ago nearly, my mother died. I had ; a penny in tho world wheu our debts were d I had no home; there was one offered ; you remember, porhups, young Brown, Dr bsbury’s assistant.” xeorge Brandon uoddel; he could hardly ress a smile at the reuieuibrauco of his al, and a faint ghost of n smile (fitted over girl’s faco for an instant and then passed. ‘Ah, I know you used t .laugh at him—and id, too. Poor Sam I But though ho was so ;outh and ugly, so unlike you, I ought not to gh, even to smile, at him. He was faithful 1 true, and I had not a friend. lie wanted to go and livo with his mother till ho could ,rd to marry me. But I could not, I could . I never could forget you.” George laid lips on her hands; ho iiad not yet attempted curess her. “ I could not stay there. People re not friendly or kind. Mrs Brown and her ighters were very angry with me. I iwered an advertisement as a mother s help ir London, and I went there. It was a very, v hard place. They gave me very little and had no rest. I had four little children lays to look after. They were not kind me. But I stayed on for two years. I did not know what elss to do. en my health broke down, and Mra ikes sent me away. I could not do the work i longer. I—oh, George—I don’t know how tell vou what terror I weut^ through next. )Ok a situation ; I thought it so easy, tho y bo kind, but I found—l f.mnd-Bhe was l. I did not know there were such wicked iple, such evil ways, iu the world. I rau £, without a penny, without anything ba sing to me, and 1 did not know where to go. was very cold, and X had no shelter. I ited, and a policeman took me to the nearest pital. I was happier there; I was sale; y were good to me, and X thought I hoped — I was going to die. it was last spring—the early' spring. I j vety in, and they kept me six months, leu I came out, I did not know what to do, are to go. There was a poor woman in,, re • she was very poor, but she was as kind ne’as she could he. She said I could sleep in room if I would earn some money; she Id not afford to give me food. She told me >uld get something by singing in the street, •os ashamod—bitterly ashamed—but I tried. 0 not know what else to do. You—you n’t think too badly of mo, will you?” [or head drooped; he could only see the gh, curly, russet hair, cut short on tho le head. His soul yearned over her. He k the poor little bead into his arms, and it there. He could not speak, only press ■ closer, and after a while Bho ceased tremble and sob, and lay calmly like a. [d on his breast—trustful as a child, iuno t as a child. it last be broke the long silence that had its a voice for them. ■Thank God you came my way! Thank. 1 you sang that old song that you used to. »to me in the dear old time 1 Bat for that night never have found you, never have ught you—home.” ■ Ah, George, I have had no home—I am happy.” ■ Not yet, Molly, not yet. I mean to try and Ire you happy. Look up, sweetheart, look nd. See, could you live bore, with me ? ild you stay for ever—my wife ? ” he Blowly raised her face, it was glowing h the beautiful delicious ahamo of love. 1 Your wiie—your wife.” 1 In a few days, a very few days, sweet, im this moment this place is yours. I am. m. We belong to each other for ever. My isekeeper, who is a good womnu, a widow, 1 take care of you here. I will leave you the itress of my house with her—no one shall ■ a word against my Molly. But, indeed, re is no one to meddle with you and me. enin a short, short time wc will he married., s will go away, dear, to some place where in in winter there are Hewers and sunshine, i you shall get back your lookB, your spies. “The Lord do so to me, and more Oi if aught but death part thee and me 1” Chev kissed each, other, and their bduIb met th theu lips.—The “ Windsor Magazine.” 