FUGITIVE. NOTES. If the intelligent elector will only keep his mind open and all his faculties concentrated on the struggle in the King Division, he ought to have no difficulty in choosing between the two parties. According to Sir Henry, life (at present) is a tale full of sound and fury, signifying nothing, told by—Mr. Reid. On the other hand, the Premier thinks that his opponent's "madness doth make the world seem mad." Both, then, leave the whole matter impartially to the electors, who are having the liberal assortment of "language" compared by experts, and are cogitating over the matter for final decision on the 24th. Meanwhile, their daily lives are being harassed by an army of canvassers, caucus am- bassadors, authorised and unauthorised saviours of their political consciences, and all the great host of cranks, enthusiasts, and humbugs that an election brings up with a hound. Someone rings the bell of house- holders in the King Division several times a day, and thrusts a handbill under the door imploring the recipient to do something or other in the cause of liberty, or for the freedom of the country, or to prevent a precipice, or mael- strom, or avalanche, or some kindred incident. At other times electors are shadowed about by emissaries who engage them in conversation with a view to imparting a few forcible fragments of the biographies of Sir Henry Parkes, or Mr. Reid, and a select class has developed recently a unique line. It rushes at any inoffen- sive person who may be held to be a voter and greets the said person with effusion, as of that bestowed upon a long-lost friend. One of the pleasantest spots on a fine sunshiny day is the Botanic Garden, with its groups of romping children, the umbrageous luxury of the trees, and the bright polished background of the sea. The jaded nerves insensibly recover as one strolls along the well-kept walks, the eye pleased by every sight, and the senses lulled by every surrounding, and it is only when one reaches the en- trance gate that he realises that here, as elsewhere, "every prospect pleases and only man is vile." The reminder is given to you by the notice board which arises black and threatening at each exit from the Gardens and which with 13 stern and excommunicatory rules warns all and sundry to leave their bad manners behind. Poultry and dogs are peremptorily ordered away from the Gardens, a few telling strokes impress upon people the disadvantage of throwing bottles on the grass, smoking, holding public meetings in the hot- house, selling anything without per- mission, or playing musical instruments. As a consequence, nearly every offence in the calendar is committed some time or other, and every kind of prohibited animal from a goat to a child under 12 years of age has probably strayed into the Gardens. No one has yet been detected holding a public meeting amidst its leafy precincts—possibly the traditions of the place would rise up and haunt even a candidate for Par- liament who dared to propose such a thing. The Gardens are sacred to private meetings. Possibly the inmates of the Parramatta and Liverpool benevolent asylums are more pro- foundly seized of the advantages of government by party than any other section of the community just now. Mr. Brunker ascertained some time ago that the buildings in which they lived were altogether unsuited for their purpose; that the accommodation was as bad as it could be; that, in short, the benevolence of the State amounted in their case to something very like a gross cruelty. Then Mr. Reid proposed to alter this state of affairs, and made arrangements in his Loan Bill accordingly, which naturally brought up Sir Henry Parkes to tell the people that the Government know nothing at all about it, that the dependants on the State were just as happy and comfortable as the day was long, and that he know more about this question than any other gentleman of the same age and intellec- tual gifts breathing. Then the Upper House took all the blood out of the Loan Bill and re- turned it to the Assembly, which promptly threw the remains under the table, and now—well, now we are having a general election, which no doubt is far more interesting to the people of the asylums than proper accommodation. Possibly by the time that the Council has been reformed, and we have had a few more general elections and a dozen "crises" or so, someone will think of the matter again, and mention it in the House, when no doubt it will be promptly shelved, and every- one will be satisfied, especially the present inmates of the asylums, who by that time will be altogether independent of Parliament. The language of our politicians may be "actual" enough at election time, but we can at least congratulate ourselves that our electors be- have with a little more self-respect than their English compeers, who pelt an old and tried member and an ex-Chancellor of the Exchequer with garbage, even the presence of his wife not restraining the brutality. At the same time, however much one may sympathise with Sir Wil- liam Harcourt, it is not a little noteworthy that the outbreak was provoked because their member had allied himself with the party that, if it can have its way, is pledged to local veto the drink fiend out of British life. Possibly those who hurled disgraceful arguments from the streets at their late member may have considered that they were making a practical start with the prin- ciple of local veto. At the same time, the incident reminds one on what a shifting sandbank those who rely on popular favour rest. "Put not your trust in princes" is held to be the essence of a wise saw to those who would aspire, and Byron says cynically, "Believe a woman or an epitaph;" but all the caprices of women and rulers, and the turgid panegyrics can show nothing to compare with the whims of the People or their hollow pro- testations. He who is hailed to-day as their saviour may to-morrow be execrated as a felon, and long service, high office, and well-grounded integrity all vanish as "the baseless fabric of a dream" when "our masters" are swayed by the passing folly or urged by the just resentment of the hour. But it is useless to moralise. Politicians know full well the erratic quantity on which their fortunes depend, and in the case of such men as Sir William Harcourt, possibly only groan a weary O tempora, &c.;, and seek an electorate where the cabbage ceases to trouble and the mem- ber is at rest. Without being a Theosophist, one may be a firm believer in ghosts—especially if in several parts of the world one's duties call one to the Law Courts. There, if one's observation is not too blunted by the perennial jangle and strife of lawyers' tongues, one cannot fail to notice these apparitions from another day; and the most sceptical will be forced to admit that there are times when the departed spirit haunts the scenes of its earthly tenement. Ghosts of the law courts! who does not know them! Not with weird clanking or chains or grinning skull and gleaming bones—though they have been picked bare enough — come those pale spirits from another shade, not with a fine old crusted family secret nor a soul-affright- ing rustle in the night, those visitants; they are supernaturals of a very different constitution. The court officials know them well, so do the barristers and the reporters, and perhaps even the Bench has become faintly aware of them at times. There they are, poor ruined suitors, with their piles of old documents, haunting with painful monotony the scenes where once, perhaps, they played for stakes with all the ardour of gamblers, or with the conviction of honest men fighting for their own. But those times were long since, so long that the wary solicitors who drew their cases and the counsel who took their fees have ceased to regard them as sentient beings; merely as uneasy wanderers from another state whose pilgrimage is thus ordained. And so day after day they sit in their accustomed seats under the shadow of justice and watch with absorbing interest the trials go forward. How earnestly they listen to points of law, how eagerly they make copious notes of evidence, with what trembling attention do they not listen to something which seems to bear upon the momentous case which transformed them from flesh and blood litigants, strong of heart and long of purse, into the veriest echoes of their former selves. Then the time comes for the Court to adjourn, the Judge rises, and the place rapidly empties. Your ghost does not hurry. The papers are carefully replaced and tied up, and then with lingering regret he joins the busy, mundane stream outside—amongst it, but not of it. Once more the Tantanoola tiger has been seen about Mount Gambier, and the sporting popula- tion has turned out to a man, the local elephant has been sent for, and the district is making ready to sell its blood in the capture of the ferocious animal. The Tantanoola tiger will find that it has trespassed on the good nature of the public once too often, and that its career of rapine is about to close in blood. The ill-fated animal, like the humble pitcher of the fable, has gone once too often to the well. It was just bearable when the repulsive creature was wont to shield its depredations under the cover of the pur- suit of the Dora Dora blacks; but now that those unhappy aborigines are simmering elsewhere that tiger cannot be borne with. Formerly there were good reasons for supposing that the tiger and the blacks were acting in conjunction, for whenever the pursuit of the latter became hot the tiger would appear in the neighbourhood and create a timely diversion, whilst just at the very moment that some fearless bushman had thrown the tiger to the ground preparatory to despatching it with a damper or a copy of Hansard, the Dora Dora blacks would come upon the scene and frustrate everything. After several centuries of this sort of thing the Dora Dora blacks met a trooper and walked back with him to a local watchhouse, and the daring capture excited world-wide admiration. But the tiger still hold out in spite of the stric- tures of country newspapers. It appeared once at a selection, killing a pet canary with one blow of its terrific paw; and on another occasion it almost bit, in its blind fury, a pug dog that had attempted to cross its path. Now it has been seen at Mount Gambier, and before another sun has risen (to say nothing of a moon and a large quantity of stars) its horrid career will have been ended for ever. But, in any case, it cannot long escape. A voter in the King Division might as well try to hide his identity as a tiger to evade capture in Australia. Even its hideous cunning, which causes it to assume the guise of a squirrel or a toy terrier, won't help it in the long run. A. B. C. 