A REVIVAL. RAILWAY LIBEL CASE. SPEIGHT V. SYME. THE APPEAL. FULL COURT ARGUMENTS. A LAYMAN'S EFFORT. MR SPEIGHT FOR HIMSELF. AFTERNOON'S ARGUMENTS. Mr Speight resumed bis address lif ter tho adjournment. He coutluucd his references- to the evidence and to the Judge's charge regard lug the votes for municipal advances, and for works iioccriwiry for tne construetlou'or nu- dltlonal accommodation on existing lines, llm object being to show that thu weight of evidence did not supiiort the tludlugH and that, in his charge, Mr Justice Williams did not correctly place the facta before Hit- Jury. Home time wan spent iu discussing the ques tion of whether Uie money expended unthe constrnp.-tion of the Williams- town ratt«eourse line was auUiorlsed by uu Act of Purlhiment, which voted money for addltlotial accommodation or emergency works on the line from Xcw>ort tu Dimboohl, hut Mr Kindglit r<kiul from Uie evidence to show that It was voted for thlH.Hjiceiflc purpose. To show that tho defendant, at the Hftio of- the publication, did not know Hie facts oil .which be relied. Mr Simlght referred lo the wrlttou In- Ktraetloiis of the Minister of the day lo give tlio "Age" stuff every facility to IiiRpect tin iKioks of the depurtmcnL This was ufter proceedings laid been commouctxl In tlilK ease, and it gave tlie defendant the "rounds'of the office." and enabled him to . obtain !infonnu- tiou which lie thought would substan tiate Ills charge of political pressure. Some of the -memoranda which the "Age" staff were allowed lo examine were of a private' character, and not a ghost' of this evidence could have hceu known to the jlefondant at tho time the Ilbeln were- written. Apart from tlmt the evidence was of such a trivial character that it did not justify such serious charges us were made by the ilefciidaut. . Passing from this branch of the case Mr Speight cntcrcduiMui the clinrgcH of Incompetency, extravagance, nnd dereliction of duty, neglect to advise Parliament, not . keeping minutes, nud revolt against Parliament. As to the charges of Incompetency, extrava gance, and dereliction of duty, the jury had found they were not true, and were Hinds, so he did not intend Ut enter upon them. As to the nlleged neglect to ndvlKc Parliament, the Act under which the Commissioners were appointed directed they should glvo Parliament particulars us to the pro-, liable cost and traffic of proposed new lines. In -this ease the Commissioners of their officers, Just ns In other mat- tors they were blamed for not taking it. As a fact. Hie particular Bill referred to was IntnNlurod some two or three', mouths after the Commissioners took . office and they, when asked the prolmhlu cost and traffic, consulted their officers, und sup plied the best Information they could Parliament. liowcvcK chose to ndd over 200 miles more of lino to Hie Bill with out consulting thb Commissioners In any way, anU.'thlK showed clearly thut the CommtHHtoiiers were not expcctiHl, and had no power to advise Parliament iih to new. Hues. He- quoted from Hie report of the Commissioners on thu lines they did report upon to show that It wan distinctly stated that no per- mnncnt Altrveys had. been made, aud that'lt would, bu Impossible to supply even approximate eslliiiates cither us to cost or traffic. The fact that at. the earliest possible moment Parliament . was supplied with further Information showed that there wns no'revolL against Parliament If Parliament had desired any further Information It should have asked for It. Another porilon of the. barge of re volt against Parliament wns that the Commissioners could not got on with MrShicIs and Mr Wheeler, but the cor respondence showed that instead uf be ing In revolt against Parliament Hie Commissioners' simply thought their views on certain jwdnts would he more conducive to the -welfare of the com- miinhy than those of the Mlnlstere numod, and the result waH that n new Act was passed giving .the Ministers In creased power, so that It was cleur the ComiiilsslonerH. .were - within' tiielr rights In any action they took. Ac cording to thu Act in force at the time the Minister of ltnilwa ys could.' call upon.lhc ConimlHHlotiers to propouiid a scheme ,for saving money. Thoy were iKiund to supply it, and. If he'uhl not like It he' could propound n counter scheme, niid tbeii,' If t he Commissioners dld: not approve of It, he' could direct them to carry It out, and they would have to ilo so. ! Mr Wheeler nsKcd them to save £250,000/1 a year, or rather to Increase the revenue by that umount. This was': a very . large order at the time, but -they said that If th» mouoy must lie btid- they would do their best and although they. -did not think lr wise to either reduce facilities or In- crrasc.rates, they proposed certain in creases lu. rates, including those for agricultural produce, though they' spread their Increases all round. Then as they found this would not make up tho nmounrrcqutrcd, they rccommcud- !(1 that Homothlug should be taken off tho meii. TIiIh, for some reason, did not suit 1 bo- Ministers, so Instead ot propounding n counter scheme,' us they should -liitvc' (lone, they simply said, "Oh, you urc Joking. You cannot he Iu earnest In this." nnd sent tho Com missioners about their busluess without giving aiiyrcasoiiH. Mr Speight then addressed himself to thu charge of huving created a huge aystem nndfir which u deilclt or from £250,000 to £500,000 Imd lKjen created principally -by. Incrwiwlug the staff from 30,000 to 10,000. aud the uvemgo wages from £105 to £11.1 |ror nimum. At four o'clock Mr Hpelght anuoiiticed that ho' could finish' In hulf nn hour to morrow. ' Mr Justice ITolroyd, nt the close of the appellant's remarks, said the court would consider whether It would ask tho Attorney-General to reply further on any (mints, and would inter on name u duy for hltn to. reply, If requisite. ' 