'""Florrfltfarson. A, ' Chapter xiii. . There was no doubt that Florry. Marson was dangerously ill, for the sudden shock she had sustained in hearing of the unexpected death of Melstane had unsettled her brain. Weak, shallow, and frivolous, she was not the woman to stand bravely against calamity, and this first great sorrow of her life had rendered her completely prostrate. The poor but terfly which had rejoiced in the sun shine of prosperity was now lying on a bed of sickness, whence it seemed doubtful that she would ever rise. Through the long hours she lay help less on her back, babbling incoher ently of her past life, or else fought „ furiously with Judith to leave her bed, and go on imaginary errands ; while her cousin, a patient and un tiring nurse, never left her side. She loved Florry as a mother loves a wayward child, and although she was bitterly disappointed by the du plicity of which her darling had been guilty with regard to Melstane, yet she could not find it in her heart to be seriously angry with this poor, weak nature now broken down by a dangerous illness. In truth, it was a very melancholy house, for while Ju dith sat in the sick-room watching the patient, Mr Marson was pacing to and fro in his study, wondering what would be the end of all this trouble. One thing he saw clearly that unless he could obtain a large sum of ready money he would be a . ruined man in a short space of time. Relying on the promises of Jackson Spolger, he had thought he would be able to tide over the commercial de pression now existing' in Ironfields ; but now that Florry was ill the.mar- riage could not take place, arid his future son-in-law refused to do any thing toaid him. Unless his daugh ter recovered and married Spolger, he could expect no help from, that quarter, and not knowing where else to turn for assistance, ruin, swift and irretrievable, would be the end. . To and fro he paced with bowed head, revolving in his weary brain a thou sand schemes, all of which he rejec ted as chimerical as soon as they were formed. With' that curious noting of trivial things habitual to overtaxed and overworried brains, he mechanically marked the pattern of the carpet and planted each footstep directly in the centre of each square, counting the number with weary pre cision as he blindly groped for a way out of his difficulties. ' Spolger won't do anything. Five! six! No ! he's too selfish, and unless the marriage takes place I can. expect no help from him — 14 squares from that wall.. All those bills are due in 3 months, and unless I can meet them there is no thing left but bankruptcy. I'll count back again. One ! two ! three ! So the house of Marson 8c Sons must go down after all, and Florry, poor child, how ill she is ! I'm afraid she will not recover. Ten! ten ! Ah if I only had ten thousand, that would help me. Twenty, twenty-one ! Ho\V my head aches ! Who's that ? Come in, Judith !' __ It was indeed Judith who stood on the threshold of the room, looking pale and ghost- like in her white dressing-gown, with her long black hair loose over her shoulders. She held a candle in her hand, and the yellow light flared on her strongly marked features, ivory white under the shadow 'of her hair. Francis Marson stood by his writing-table in the circle of light which welled from under the green shade of the larnp, but he made a step forward as Judith entered slowly and closed the door after her with great care. . ' Is Florry worse ?' asked Marson, with a look of despair on his features. ' No ! just the same ,' replied'Ju- dith, placing the candle on the table and sinking into a chair. 'Dr Japix says she will be like she is now for some time — until the crisis comes.' ' And then ?' . Judith let her head fall on her breast. ' I don't know,' she said, in a monotonous voice ; ' it means either madness or sanity.' ' Better she should die.' ' Yes, I think so,' answered Judith, with terrible calmness. ' Poor Flo, she was so bright and happy a few days ago, and now her, life is spoilt ; she will never be the same again.' 'And all through that cursed Mel stane.' ' Yes !' There was a silence for a few moments, .and Marson sank slowly into his chair, shading his . worn face with his thin left hand, while the other mechanically busied itself with two pens lying on the table. Judith, with her hands lying loosely clasped on her lap, stared straight in front of her with a thoughtful expres sion, as if she was engaged in solving some abstruse problem. Only the ticking of the clock, the subdued crackling of the dying fire, and sha dows everywhere ! In the corners of the room, overhead on the ceiling, where the bright glare of the study lamp made an unsteady circle, on the faces of the man and woman — sha dows everywhere, and, darkest of all, the shadow intangible, unseen, the shadow of horror, "of guilt, of disgrace, that hung over the whole splendid mansion ! 'Are you going to see him to-night?' It was Judith who spoke with sharp interrogation, and Marson lifted his head wearily as he said ' Guinaud ?' . ' Yes.' . . , ' I must see him. He wrote to me that he had to speak upon a matter of importance, and I promised to grant him an interview.' 'What time did he say he would be here ?' 'Between 7 and 8 o'clock to-night.' yWh.th a simultaneous impulse they both looked, at the clock. It was 7.30. '' lie will be here shortly,''' ..Judith said, looking at Mr Marson. ' I presume so.' ' Don't see him.' Marson raised his head quickly, and flashed a keen glance, at her eager face. ' I beg your pardon, Judith?' , ' Don't see him.' ' I must.' Judith drummed with her fingers on the table, an anxious look appeared in her splendid eyes,tand she frowned angrily., Marson saw all the signs of a coming storm, and waited. He had not long to wait. '.That man is a "scoundrel,' burst out Judith, in sombre fury ; ' he is coming here to tell you a lot of lies.' ' How do you know ?' ' I'm certain of it. He was a great friend of Sebastian Melstane's — a treacherous, cowardly friend, who played the traitor to his friendship.' ' How so ?' - ' Because he loves Florry.' ' Impossible !' ' It's true, I tell you,' said Judith, doggedly ; ' he knew Mr Melstane loved Florry, but that did not deter him from loving her himself. He has shown' by a thousand signs that he loves her, and he kept it from no one but his dead friend. Oh, he's not called Judas for nothing.' 'I don't see what all this has to do with the interview.' Judith sprang to her feet, and crossing over to the table laid her hand lightly on his shoulder. He shrank from that light touch, but otherwise gave no sign of emotion. ' Do you know why he is coming here to-night?' she hissed into his ear. ' Do you know what he in tends to ask you ? No, I see you don't ! He is coming . here to tell you something — something that is dangerous to you, and must be kept secret. He is coming to ask his price — that price is the hand ofyour daugh ter.' Marson looked at her in surprise as she towered above him, and was about to speak, when a knock came to the door. Without waiting for an invitation to enter, a servant ap peared with a card on a salver. He. held out the salver to his master, but Judith picked up the card lying thereon and read it. ' Monsieur Jules Guinaud! Show him in here, Marks !' The servant bowed and retired, while Marson looked suddenly at Miss Varlins. . ' Are you going to wait ?' ' Not here,' she said, pointing to a door masked by curtains at the end of the room ; " I am going into the next room.' , ' To listen ?' 'No! I am going upstairs to put on my dress, and will then come down and hear what Monsieur Gui naud has to say.' ' He wants the interview to be a private one.' .. . . ' Do you ?' Marson did not answer, but sat nervously plucking at his chin. ' You are dealing with a dangerous man,' she said in a whisper, not knowing how near Judas might be to the door ; ' he needs a woman to deal with him. Hush.! there is Guinaud ! I'll go upstairs this way and be back shortly. Not a word.' She went rapidly towards the masked door, and had just time to let the tapestry drop "behind her, when Judas entered preceded by the servant. ' Monsieur Guinaud !' The servant retired, :and Judas' in his dark dress, -with a crafty look on his bloodless face, stood looking at Mr Marson. ' Will you be seated, sir ?' said the latter gentleman, indicating a chair. ' Wis pleasure, monsieur,' said Judas, bowing. 'Speak you de francais, monsieur?' ' Oui.' ' Tres bien,' replied Guinaud, with, a satisfied smile ; ' let us speakmy tongue, monsieur, if you please ! I am not at. home in your English.!' He sat down with a self-satisfied smile, drew his gloves off his long, lean hands, and having thrown open his overcoat, rubbed his hands' to gether slowly,- as he looked at Mar son with his most guileless expression; 'Eh! my faith, but it is cold in this England of yours," he said, pass ing his hand over his smooth red hair. 'Iam a child of the South, me, and find these skies of rain not pleasant, after my beautiful Provence.' ' What do you want to see me about ?' asked Marson, sharply, tak ing an instinctive dislike to the sleek, treacherous manner of Judas. ' I cannot spare you much time, ' so please be quick.' Judas shrugged his shoulders, smiled blandly, and came to the point -by slow degrees.' ' I am the friend of the late Sebas tian Melstane, monsieur.' ' I have heard that !' ' Alas ! he is dead !' ' I have heard that, also !', 'Eh! you "know much, monsieur. Do you also know that he was mur dered ?' ' Good heavens ! No!' Monsieur Guinaud lifted his eyes to heaven with a sad smile. ' But yes, certainly, monsieur. He died from a pill of morphia being placed in his box of pills of tonic, which he had from the shop of Mon sieur Vosk.' ' Who put the pill in the box ?' ' ' Eh ! monsieur, do you not know ?'. ' Of course I don't.' Judas narrowed his eyes down to their dangerous expression, and shrugged his shoulders once more, but said nothing. ' And what has Melstane's death to do ; with me ?' asked Marson, coldly. ' ' > ' Monsieur, he loved your child.' "'Jam aware of that. A piece of infernal impertinence.' ' Then you- .'are glad of his. death ?' \- - ' I' . am neither " glad nor sorry,' Monsieur Guinaud. I don't know why you have .done me the honour to seek this interview. If you will state your reason, I will be pleased.' The Frenchman leaned back in his chair, placed the tips of his long fingers together, and smiled sweetly. ' Monsieur Mar-rson, my friend that loved your beautiful child is dead. I am full of regrets for him, but for myself I have the pleasure.' ' And why ?' ' Can you not guess the secret of my heart ? I love your angel.' ' You !' Marson had sprung to bis feet and was now looking angrily at the Frenchman, who, without moving his position, still smiled blandly. ' Even I, Jules Guinaud.' The other, looked at him in a con temptuous fashion ; then, without a .word,' walked across to the fireplace and put out his hand to touch the ivory knob of the electric bell. ' One moment, monsieur,' said Judas, raising his voice slightly ; ' what do you intend to do ?' ' Have you turned out of my house.' He pressed the knob, and re mained standing by the fireplace in disdainful silence ; but Judas laughed softly and leaned back in his chair. 'Eh, truly? I think not. You won't do that when you hear what I've got to say.' The servant appeared at the door, ' When you see, monsieur, what, I can show you.' ' Marks, show this gentleman out.' Judas took no notice of the order, but walked across the room with the feline grace of a tiger and whispered something in Marson's ear. The old man started, turned deadly white, and with an effort spoke again to the servant. ' You can go at present, Marks. I will ring if I want you.' The servant retired, and Guinaud returned to his seat, leaving Marson still standing by the fireplace. Now, however, he looked faint and( ill, clinging to the mantelpiece for sup port. At length with an effort he pulled himself together, and stag gered rather than walked to his seat. ' What are your proofs?' he asked Guinaud, in a harsh whisper. Monsieur Judas, with the same stereotyped smile on . his face, took some papers out of his breast coat pocket, and", still retaining his hold on them, spread them out before Marson. A single look was sufficient. 'My God!'- cried Marson, with sudden terror ; ' I— -I— my God !' Y- -F Judith, anxious to know the reason of Guinaud's visit, had rapidly changed her. dress, and was about to go down again to the study when Florry's nurse called her in to look at the invalid. The girl was in one of those terrible paroxysms of ex citement, common to delirium, when sick people possess unnatural strength and Judith had to aid the nurse to hold . her down. This took some . time, and when at length Florry was lying comparatively quiet, Judith found that she had lost more than half an hour. At once she went downstairs. again and entered the adjacent room, in tending to make her appearance by the curtained "door. As she stood with her hand on. the lock, the door nauu s voice raised in triumph. . ' Of course, Monsieur, you will now permit me to be a suitor for the hand of Mees Mar-rson ?' Hardly believing her ears, Judith listened intently for Marson's reply, but it was sp low that she could not hear it, and she only gathered its purport from the next observation of the Frenchman. ' You must!' Re member, T know all.' ' I cannot ! I cannot ! Besides, my daughter is ill— seriously ill." ' Ah, bah ! she will get well, the dear angel.' ' But she is to marry Mr Spolger.' ' Quite a mistake, monsieur. She is to marry me ! Eh, what do you say ?' ' ' No.' Guinaud and Marson both turned round, to see Judith standing beside them with a . look of anger on her face, ' I say, no,' she reiterated. ' Eh, mademoiselle, but you are not the father,' said Judas, with a sneer. 'You marry Miss Marson,' cried Judith, angrily; 'you! How dare you, sir, come to the house of an English gentleman and make such a request ? Y ou — y ou — thief ! ' TO BE CONTINUED. 