TRADUCED. Chapter X— A Treacherous Scoundrel. Chapter XI— Ivy Cumnor's Home. Chnptor XII — "Vengoanco will overtake You !" Chapter XIII — On tho Blink. Chnptor XIV— Tlio Hunt Ball. Chnptor XV — Diamond out Dinmond. Chnptor XVI— Tho Warning Boll. t Chapter XVII—1 "I'm Roy." Chnptor XVIII— Tho Now Tutor. Chapter XIX — A Pleasurable Discovery. vhaptor XX — Mysterious — An Old Foud. Chapter XXI— Tho Muster of Carolsido. Chapter XXII— A Vision from tho Past. . Chnptor XXIII — His Enemy's Daughtor. Chapter XXIV— Doubts nnd Fears. Chuptur XXV— A Woman's Hoart. Chapter XXVI — Snlomo's Secret. Cliaptor XXVII — Mary Irodoll. Chnptor XXVIH— Fioklo and False. Chnptor XXIX— An Accident and What , C'amo of It. Chapter XXX— On tho Track. < hupter XXXI — A l'oriiblo Revelation. Chnptor XXXII — Tho Mystery Explained. Chapter XXXIII — Olivo's Escnpado. Chnptor XXXIV— A Brutal Dood. Chnptor XXXV — A Madman's Frenzy. Chnptor XXXVI— Snoriflod for Lovo. Chapter XXXVII — Bossio Leo— Purifiod by Lovo. CHAPTER X. 'IuEilEUBEntliat,' said Cuthbort dreamily, as his mother paused in tho recital of hor story. You romoiiibor what !' ' Tho day you spoko of. I rode a black pony ; its.name (was / Jet.' Y"U;Woro;a rod dross'and a'thidfci golden colliir'round ; dar throat.' :.! . ' That is'triio.'iio returned wondoringly. And yot how can- you P You- wore only four years' old.' ' 1 . 'i ' I do rem'omher it. But novor mind thnt now— go that— what did Cumncr do whon ho succoodod in obtaining a footing, in, your housof Try to sot you ugai'ust your husband, I supposo ?' ' Cuthbort, how can.you speak so ? Oor- vosq Cumnor.was h most honourablo man. I am suroi considering all tho injuries ho had recoivod, it is a wondor ho could bo so generous and so temperate t But of courso as I talked to him daily, and loaruod to know his uohlo nature, I alsobogan gradu ally to find out tho character of tho man whom I, an ignorant child, had blindly marriod.' Cuthbort's faco became almost livid, ho hitd great difficulty in suppressing his in dignation, ' ' ' I supposo you liad a great many oppor- tunitics for; UU-a-Me conversations with this man ?' ho quoriod. ' A great manj,' sho replied, with an air of rosontful coquotiy which would havo been absurd bad it not boon so horriblo. ' My husband was out shooting with his friends all day and evory day. Ho had be gun to grow tired of his ohild-wifo.' ' I supposo that wns suggested to you by that fieud Cuinnor ?' 'Cuthbort; if you are going to listen to mo with wicked projudico in your, heart, and to turn all I say againstpoor Gorvaso, I shall refuse totoll you any more.' ' Go on, in Hoavon's name,' ho said wea rily. ' Toll mo your 6tory in your own way — I won't interrupt again.' , It was not as if I had not suspected for somo time that all was not above hoard and as it should havo boon,' sho procooded. ' Your father was very strange in his ways, never mentioning to mo, as I told you ho- . fore, auything at all about old Mr. Cumnor, his uncle, or. tho will, oranything. Gorvaso was most astonishod whon ho hoard that I . had boon kopt in complete ignoranco. IIo said that had I boon liis wifo ho would havo " trusted mo with anything.' .' What wore tho facts of thocoso accor ding to him . ."'Old Mr. Cumnor of Carolsido had only ' two 'near relatives in 'tho world— a son Gervase, and a nephow, my husband. Ho was a vory rough, hard-heartod old man, and treated Gorvaso with great oruolty, keeping him oh a vory small allowance; while for Cuthbort he bought d commission in tho army.: Whon Gorvaso complainod of r the little money he hod to Bpend, the old man's iuvambis' reply was, ' Timo enough for you to mako duckB and drakes of it when I am gone.! As timo wont on, Outh-. bort follin lovo with somo boautiful. girl far aboro him in rank. . no' was' madly in lovo with hor, possessing nothing but a Captain's pay. Hulf mad with unhappinoss he went down to Carolsido to implore the old man to do somothing for him— which was a vory moan thing to do, considoring that 1.0 was only tho nophow and that thoro was a son to provido for. He camo back furious with disappointment, and told Gorvaso, whom ho mot. ono .day in. town, that tho old screw would not givo him a penny— said it wasall for his son. A month later tho old man was doad, and his will, found iu his oscritoire, loft ovorything un reservedly to Cuthbort 1' 'Why did my fathor not marry tho girl ho loved ?' 'Sho marriod a gouty old Admiral on tho vory morning Mr. Cumnor diod.' Cuthbort leanod his hoad upon his hands. ' Was tho win disputed ?' ho asked. ' Poor Gorvaso had not a ponny to dis pute it with. My husband offorod him an allowance — a paltry sum whioh ho dis- daimrito take— and ho wont out to Ainori- ca Thoro ho bad somo good luck, and thon camo truck to England with monoy.' ' Did ho not institute proceedings thou — try to upsot tho will ?' ' Ho had so fow facts to wovk with ; what ho wuntod was somo ovidouco. Ho could not provo that that the old man was of un sound mind. Thoro was no doubt that ho ho was. perfectly, sane ; but ho suspoctod foul play.' 'Foul play? On whose port?' ; ' On whoso part, Cuthbort ? Thoro could ho hut ono interested porson.' > ' Foul play on tho part of my father ? And you allowed him to hint suoh a thing to you 1' ' My donr Cuthbort said Mrs. Irodoll, with dignity, 'I novor nllowod my wifoly partiality to blind my sonso of justico. If my husband had dono wrong, I should havo counted it sin to shield him. H ho was innocent, any search that Gorvaso thought fit to mako would only provo his innocence. ' Search ?' echoed Cuthbort, in a dazed waj. ' I wish you would uot ropoat my words in that tono, Cuthbort 1' ' I have failed to catch your moaning,' ho said. ' You cannot moan that you on- courngo this roguo to spy upon your hus band, to oxamino his private papors— that' you know of and sanctionod such proceed ings ?' Mrs. Irodoll tromblod a littlo; hor colour rose, her pretty lips quivered. ' Oh, Cuthbort, how con you spook to mo liko that ?' sho cried, and burst into tears. IIo folt helpless ia tho circuuistancos — checkod by tho sight of a weoping woman, though secretly ho was furious with indig nation at tho contomptiblo nature of this woman whom his fathor had raisod from a lowly situation and takon to his simplo loving heart. Ho uttered no word of apology, but sat in grim silonco wbilo sho sobbed on ; and tho result of this judicious troatmont was that in a fow minutes tho tears wore dry, and tho woopor continuod her narrativo iu an injured tono. ' It bogan in tho most natural way,' she said. ' IVo wore sitting in tho library— it was suoh a cosy room, and Gorvaso always had a fancy for it ; wo used to sit there and talk, and look at tho old escritoire where tho will had boon found. Ono day wo were sitting as usual, (whon Thomas, Gorvaso's man, camo in, and askod his master for some foolscap. Gorvaso had none, and ho was vory vexed, for Thomas was making extracts from my cook's books of certain littlo savoury dishes suitablo for abacholor. Ono could get nothing in tho villago, audit was an hour's rido to Folingham ; so I romembored suddouly that Cuthbort had a quantity oi foolscap in ono of tho oscritoire drawers — ho novor kept anything lookod— and I told Gorvaso to look for it. Ho oponed the draw and lifted out a lot of papors, ono shoot foil upon tho ground at Thomas's foot, and ho piokod it up. It was written aU ovor in a clorky sort of hand, and tho same paragraph was written two or throo times, as if tho porson.woro trying to practice different hands ; nnd thoro was anothorbitof paper with 'Cuthbort Iro doll,' ' my nephow Cuthbort Iredoll,' ' Colonol, Ortillory,' written ovor and ovor again. Gorvaso grow very rod. Ho snatched tho papor from Thomas, gavohima blank shoot or two, and told him quite sharply to loavo tho room. Then ho turned to me and said, hastily gathoring up all tho papor that was covorod with writing, 'Wo soom to havobrokon in on privatodooumonts, Grocio. Shall I shut tho drawer ?' As ho spoko, ho pushed all tho papors into tho drawer, shut it briskly, nnd sank into a chair. Wo noithorof us said anything for a littlo whilo; and prosontly I noticed, as I sa silent, a foblod pioco of stiff- looking papor nt his foot on tho rug. I pioked it up. It wosvollum, nnd it had tho boginning of a last will and testament written on it; but half-way down tho writer hod spillod somo ink ovor it, and eo thrown it nsido. Glan cing up after roading tho writing, I saw Gorvaso's oyes fixed upon mo with a look I of horror. ' Allow mo,' ho saidgontty, and taking tho vellum from mo, oponed tho drawor and thrust it in. ' What docs it ull moan? What can it aU mean?' I criod. 'Moroly that ths Colonol likos to amuso himsolf in his leisure hours with drawing up imaginary documents,' ho replied lightly. ' Lot us not moniiou anything, of this to him, or: lio will think us torriblo busy-, i bodies. '.But you must romombor, lady i fair, you bado ino open tbo drawor.' ' Gor- ! vaso,' I oriod, ' you are tho vory soul of honour; but how can I boar you to bo wronged — and by my husband ?' ' I . can easily boar my wrongs whilo ho allows mo to sit horo and soo tears of pity in your oyos, Oracio,' he said, in his kind way, and tnado mo vow not to say a word to Cuthbort concorning this accidental discovery. And that evonmg ho mot my husband with just tho samo kind cousinly raanuer, us if he know nothing of this hateful troachory. But I— I could not shako off tho knowledge as ho did !' ' Groat Hoavons 1' ejaculated Cuthbort. ' What did you say ?' inquired Mrs, Irodoll. ' Nothing— it wns moroly an involuntary oxolamation. Go on with your charming story. I am impationt to hoar tho ond of it.' ' That ovoning,' sho continuod, ' tho con versation turned on ghosts. Wo wore sit ting in tho library— my husband, Gorvaso, ono or two other mon, Sir Hugh Wnlrond, his wifo and I. Gorvaso romarkoil that ho had hoard that Carolsido was haunted ; and my husband laughed and said that ho had thought so ouo night whon ho was. sitting up very Into in that vory room. ' What night wus that ?' askod Gorvaso. Your father nppoarod confused. ' It was before my uiarriago,' ho said, ' tho last timo I saw my undo alive, i stayed horo only a day or two, and that night I had some writing to do which koptmouptill vory late.' I could not holp looking nt Gorvaso, and ho lookod at mo. ' It's not liko you, Cuthbort,' I said, ' to sit up lato at night writing.' ' No,' ho answered, ' but I had somo interesting work on hand thon,' and ho frownod and ohangoil tho subject. You cannot imagine how this preyed upon my mind ; and it soomod as if proofs wore cropping up. Ono ovoning, for instanco, wo woro talking of handwriting, nnd Cuth bort said, laughing, ' I om afraid, if ovor I should havo become vory hard pressed, I should havo boon a forgor. It is so shock ingly oasy. I could imitato in a minuto any writing I had ovor soon. Soo— I will show you Gracio's signature,' and ho copied my namo wondorfully oxaotly. :Thon, as this amusod ovoryono greatly, ho imitated Gorvaso's and ono of tho otliors. ' My fathor had a vory peculiar fist,' said Gor vaso. ' Oh, yos, I can do his directly,' was tho remark, and Cuthbort wrote ono or two copies of old Mr. Cumnor's signaturo on tho samo sheet of papor. This terrible, proof guilt so ovorcamo mo that I burst iuto tears, and Gorvaso bad to iuvont somo oxcuso about my being hystarioal. Oh, Cuthbert, that night saw tbo ond of all my happiness.' ' Go on 1 IIow did you crown', your folly ?' ' Tho noxt day my hoart was so full, I folt I must break my promise and spoak to your father.' I thought perhaps I might work upon his toolings — might nppoal to his bottor nature. ' I wont down into tho library. Ho was sitting on tho hearthrug with you, building houses of woodon bricks. I sont you away, saying that I must spoak to him alone, and thon it nil camo out. With tears I told him what I know ; I opened tho draw and showed him thnso fatal papors. Ho liad not a word to say in his own dotonco.' ' What did ho do thon ?' criod Cuthbort, eagorly. 'Ho listonod quite quiotly, with n strango look — a most awful look — of guilt. Ho said nt last. ' And so you and Cumnor havo boon conspiring against me, Gracio ?' Of courso I said, ' No, no.' But thoro woro tho facts; could ho answer thorn ? Then ho said, ' Do you oxpoct mo to do- fond mysolf to you ? It is Cumnor I shall hare to reckon with-' I criod out, tor ho had risen and walked towards tho door. ' Are you going to hurt Gorvaso ?' I cried. ' Are you going to kill him ?' Ho shook mo off with a dreadful laugh. ' To blow my own brains out, more likely,' ho said, and so ho loft mo. At first I was too much frightened to movo. I sat iu tho largo arm-choir cold and shivoring, wondoring what would happon ; thon at last I folt I must go and soo what was going on — I might be in timo to savo Gorvaso ; so I ran out into tho hall, and thoro mot Gorvaso himsolf, and rushod to him a cried out whothor ho had scon Cuthbort. ' Yos,' be said, ' bo brushed past mo just now. I spoke to him, but ho did not answer — only- wont on, sprang upou his horse whioh was waiting and galtopod away.' Thon ho noticed how faint and norvous I was, and wanted to know what had happonod. I told him, and ho was at first furiously augry, and said nobody could trust a wo man, and thon ho said he would go after Cuthbort and sco what could bo dono. So ho put on his hat nnd wont out ; but in an hour or two ho camo back, and said that ho had not found him ; tho hours pn6Sod by and Cuthbort did not como homo. At last wo got frightonod and sent out tho servants to look for him. Thoy discovered him lying on tho roadside, with a bullot-holo in hiB templo, and his rovolvor bosido him on tho grass. Oh, Cuthbort, it was a torriblo 1 ovomng whon thoy brought him in to mo and laid him doad in tho hall. In that moraont,' said Mrs. Irodoll, taking out hor handkorohiof, ' I forgot ovoryono of his faults; I roinomborcd only that ho was my husband.' For tho noxt tow minutes thoro was Bilonoo : in . tho room. Thori- Cuthbort spoko.. ; ' Mother,' ho said, ' I think it will ho good for you- to hoar tho plain truth for onco, oven though it bo your own son's lips that utter it. Shall I toll you how the affair seems to mo ? My fathor took you from poverty and privation nnd sot you at his sido. Ho gnvo you ovorything ho hnd to givo— not only riohos nnd fino olothos, but somothing far above both— tho gift of a loyal gentle, loving hoart ; and in return — I say deliberately and solomnly — you murdorodhim; as snrely as if your littlo white hand had pullod tho triggor, you murdered him 1' ' Cuthbert 1' Mrs. Irodoll, shrieked, ' go away. - How dare you insult your mother so ? How dare you spook in such a man- nor to me, who havo borno so many wrongs who havo livod for years a lito of privation, who havo Buffored so longaud eo terribly ? You take tho part of tho man who dis- gracod his wife -and son against me, whoso wholo lito has boon a cruel martyrdom 1 This is tho reward I got from tho son to whom I lookod to atono for tho sins of his fathor 1' ' From tho son who honcotorth conse crates his lito to tho task of clearing his father's namo,' said Cuthbort, solomnly, drawing himsolf up to his full height and striking his olonchod hand on tho tablo. 'I will do it and if it takes tho remainder of my lifo-timo; I will oxposo and ruin that treacherous scoundrel who calls himsolf Geivase Cumnor 1 Hcavon and you havo heard my vow, mother ; it has not been mado lightly 1 As for you' — ho paused and lookod down at hor with an oxprossio'n of mingled pity and contempt — ' perhaps I was hard on you. What was a foolish girl against a practised villuin liko this CumnOr ? Poor, weak, foolish littlo mothor. Somo women are horn fuolish-1 You hnd your bonuty aiid that blindod my father's oyos ; and only .whoa you disap pointed him at overy turn was ho forced to cry — , But, had yon, oh, with that same por- tect faco, And portoct oyos, hnd more than por- toot mouth — Had -you, -with those tho samo, but brought a mind.' Mother, what will you say to mo if I prove to you that ray fathor was dooply, foully wrongod — that Cumnor is a scoundrel and that Carolsido belongs to mo ?' ' Say,1 sho oriod with another outburst of tears— ' say ? Why, that I am a most wicked woman, and that I can novor bo happy, again 1 But you are very unkind to me Cuthbort 1' CHAPTER XI. Tbo vory Boftest'and most diaphanous qf Oriental silk draperies, flanked by pon- dorous curtains of dark-colourod plush, had shut out tho chill and dismal twilight. Tho room was glowing with warmth nnd light. A groat firo buraod on tho wido hoarth and tho light from two largo lamps, ono of which stood on a bracket, tho o:hor on a small tablo. near tho firo, itluminod tho delicate work in tho hands of a handsomo middlo-agod lady who sat in a low chair. It was a peculiar-looking room — a room furnishod evidently to suit somo vagnry of tho owner's tosto. Tho walls woro of a creamy tint, tho spaces botwoon tho panels primrose colour. Thoro woro about tlio room a groat many soft silk hangings of daffodil yellow odgod with frills of palo groon ; tho furniture wus Chippondato — dolicato, lustrous, wino-colourcd, inlaid with streaks of yoltow — and somo of tho chairs woro studded with brass nails. Quaint cabinets filled with Oriontal china and othor dainty triflos stood out dark and glossy against tho palo walls. In tho two doop recosscs of tho mantelpiece casos ol bookshalvos wore fitted, partly hiddoti by tho dolicato dull yollow hangings, all tho hooks boing uniformly bound in whito vollum with gold lottoring. Tho fow pic tures woro engravings— a carefully choson otohing of Maoboth's, two of Walter's charming figure-pieces, Dicksoo's 'Har mony,' and a couplo of hoads after Sir F. Lcighton. Those pictures, with a fow luxurious lounges near tho firo, woro th0 only modorn features of tho room. AU wus palo, dolicato, dreamy, more liko a room oil tho Btago than a ninotoonth-contury Eng lish homo. Tho carpot covorod only part of tho floor, white all round tho polished boards.shono brightly. Arug of whito fur lay hoforo tho fire ; a largo tonoiful jar on a splindte-loggod tablo bold yollow audwbito chrysanthemums. Tho only dash of colour was givon by a portiere of vivid scarlet plush whioh hid tho door. It was daring hut most artistio; tho lamplight rested upon each brilliant fold and mado it glisten with marvollous shndos of colour. Tho lady who sat near tho lamp rested her work on hor knoo and thought for tlio hundredth timo that hor cousin's daughtor was " odd " iu hor tastes. Sho was not tho only occupant of tho room. Upon a tew sofa noar tho firo lay a stooping girl. Sho was dressed in white- soft clinging whito which droopod ovor tho odgo of hor couch on to tho fur rug. Hor eyes woro closod, thoir dark lashos lying on hor chocks ; hor hair was palo rod and ooilod into a cornal about hor small hoad. Tho solitary spectator folt as though sho had onterod a theatre by ' tho wrong door . and found horsolf unoxpoctodly seated on thq Btago. Tho only sounds wore tho oc- , oasional craokling of tho firo, tho (loop sighs heaved now and again by a King Charles-spaniel ourled up on the snowy rug, and tho loud monotonous tiokiug of tho old dock in an inlaid woodon caso in tho corner. ' (To be Continued). 