T : URKISH ATROCITIES.: .FEROGIO`US SLAUGHTER OF - SARMiENIANS. '-: A WEEK OF HORRORS AT CON STANTINOPLE. The English papers delivered in Mel bourne yesterday are full of accounts of the week of horror in Stamboul at the beginning of last month. The cable messages but faintly convey the idea of the atrocities perpetrated, and we now supplement the cabled ac counts by a few hurried clipped partic ulars. Chiefly we extract from the " Daily News" which thus focuses the events of the week: The summary of tihe week's trouble is that the Armenians wished to make a demonstration which should hasten a solution in favor of their co-religion ists; that the Porte determined that it should not take place, while unwise leaders of the Armenians had made up their minds that it should, even though force became necessary. This was their great mistake, because once there was a question of force they had not a chance of success; but being men dri ven to despair, they went through with their programme. Then Moslem fana ticism, armed and in authority, was let loose, and every Armenian who was armed became a victim. together with hundreds who were unarmed. There had been no rising,. no Insur rection, or rebellion; but opportunity has been taken of the employment of violence at the presentation of a mani festo by persons in despair to let loose upon these poor wretches the violence of the Mohammedan portion of the com miunity. and the revenge taken has been cruel and brutal. Many of the men who have been killed are men who were simply frantic from the losses they or their relations have incurred. and who were reckless of consequences 1 verily believe that there are doens of men who have gone about the busi ness in sheer desperation. absolutely careless whether they would be killed or not. One such nimani was in the em ploy of an English merchant. He. too, was remonstrated with. and ordered not to go on penalty of being dismiss ed. lie went, and after three days' prison. in which he states that ihe was beaten and tortured, came out looking like the ghost of his former self. and one mass of bruises. A PRIISO.NtEI'S IIORRIBLE TALE. Tile following experience relates to a person well known and respected by umany American missionaries in the capital, and is related to me by that person himself. An office-bearer in an Armenian Protestant Church at Cuedik Pacha in Stamboul. where one of the most serious attacks was made, wa.y engaged in superintending the' building of a church at Guedik Pacha on that day. About 10.10 in the morn ing. seeing many Moslems about, and believing that his life was in danger, he went to the chief police prison in Stamboul to ask for protection. He was arrested, but a Moslem who knew him vouched for his character, and he was released. and obtained some po 'lice to accompany him. The. police, however, did nothing. The mob of Softas. gypsies, and othcrs ,had in creased. and lie therefore returned to the police prison again. There he was re-arrested and detained in prison. While there he witnessed the arrival of the Armenian prisoners, who were furiously beaten and prodded with bayonets, the floor being covered with blood. A warder in the prison to whom he was known protected him from being beaten. 'He declares that lie and others saw four soldiers beat an Armenian porter to death, and a:fterwards three other persons. As the prisonerswere brought in they were sent into an inner court, brutally beaten, and kicked down . flight of steps into a dark cellar. He himself was sent into this cellar, and found. there a man with his arms and legs broken. Altogether there were a hun dred prisoners there. During two hours the outlet was'closed. and while those within feared death from suffo cation, they heard the awful cries from above of men being beaten. My informant was released from the cel lar after sunset on Monday. Eighty eight persons spent the night in a room about fifteen feet square.' Four others of the congregation of the same Protestant Church were similarly ar rested, but. on Wednesday morning they and a' great nuinler of other pri soners were allowed to go free. KILLED LIKE A DOG. Incidents.like the following could be given to a sickening extent, but this one must serve as :a sample: - On Tuesday the police had arrested in Ghedik Pacha, Stanmboul. an Arme nian from the provinces, a strong, powerful man. The prisoner was es corted by two policemen and two sol diers of the regular army. Two Softas followed the' escort. When they reached an isolated place in. the quar ter, one of the two Softas who were following the prisoner suddenly struck a heavy blow on the head of the poor Armenian, who. after staggering for a molmnt. fell covered with blood. The policemen and the soldiers began to kick him in order to make him get up. When thie uman got up he struck in wild desperation with his fist at one of the soldiers, who fell. and lie also kicked the other. He was at once overwhelmed by the number of his as sail:ints, and killed on the spot like a dog. AT THE HOSPITAL. Not far from the hospital we passed two closed waggons with bodies, and it the door we met one just emptied coming away. Inside. near the chapel, were eight mutilated bodies that had just colme. I was disguiseld, to avoid the suspicions of the Government of ficials. and first visited the hospital proper. In one of the beds was a woman who had been stabbed in the left lung. She a:lso had a cut under the knee, and another ugly cut in the wrist showed she had tried to defend herself. Her wound in the breast is mortal. She said th:it about midnight of 1st October they had heard the mob comining outside. She. her husband, and father, 'together with a family of co tenants eonsisting of n man. his wife, son. and daughter. had tried to hide themselves writh some bales of cotton. The Turks came upstairs with torches, cr-ing "Are there any men here '?" When they- discovered the women screening the men. they dragged them all out. She and tite other woman were wonndded. The men were killed,.but the girl escaped. Towards morning they .weremsent by the police to the hospital. The story of the other woman is so horrible thalt I can give only the out lines. She wa's with child at'the time, and after a seitere blow on the head, she received a large cut.In the abdo men, resulting in prematurebirth. She was still alive when she reached the hIospittl bit died soon' after. There were deep cuts in her'arm and on her hand, which shie had baid she'ieceived in defending lier husband. Another woman had been Sent by thie Govern ment this morning.- She was literal lylblack and blue all over, and was the most sickening sight I saw all time afternoon. She said that, in order to hide, she had climbed with her hus band into a tree. but they had been discovered, and nearly stoned to death. Her husband was killed. herself taken to pirison, and her child lost. From the prison she had beeii sent to the hospital. Their house was situated in a Moslem neighborhood. THE DEAD. Leaving the Hospital proper, I ac companied the doctors in their official examinations of thirty-four of the bo dies. So awful is the impresslion stamped on my memory that I fear a description in my own language of what I saw would be too horrible to print, and I will translate the official descriptions of several bodies that were examined in my presence by an Italian physician: "43rd body, male. stature tall, age 2J years; two stabs in the head, one deep'eut disjointing the neck, two deep wounds on the right arm, three on the left.arin, two on the left hand, eontu :sions on all the dorsal region and the shoulders, twenty-four wounds In the back. one on the left side, with fracture of rib. "44th body, male, statum. medium, age 65 years; contusions on all parts of the tranlum, live stabs in the back, cere bral hemorrhage. " 45th body, male, stature medium, age 52 years; two deep wounds in the irantum, deep cut under the left max Illary, multiple contusions on the head, sight wounds of the third degree 'in the right aria, three in the left arm, ten stabs in the breast. five in the back, many bruises from a club on the left shoulder. "46th body, male, stature tall. age 22 years: multiple contusions on the head. four stabs in the back, one very deep, cuts on the back and legs. " 47th body, male, stature medium, age 45 years; innumerable wounds with an axe on the head, complete crushing of the skull, .one wound in the right forearm, two stabs in the right side, another on the shoulder, and one in the lower back. "4Sth body, male. stature medium, age 35 years; six stabs in the cranium, with complete fracture, two very deep wounds in the back, contusions all over the body. " 49th body, .male, stature medium. age 35 years; innumerable wounds all over the head, the right ear cut off.with fracture of the occipital bone, one bul let hole in the left shoulder, with frac ture of bone, two stabs on the right shoulder..one in the left arm, a cut in the left wrist, sixteen stabs in the back. three in the left leg. " 50th body, male. stature medium, age 32 years: fracture of cranium by stabs, contusions on the left arm, fif teen stabs in the back, three bullet holes in the neck, multiple contusions over all the face, a cut on the nose and one on the lips; ten stabs in the chest, and two in the abdomen." And so the'list goes through with the description of eighty bodies. It is evident, of course, that this examina tion was not scientific or minute, but was made only as an excuse to note and keep a record of the condition of the bodies. There were two Govern ment officials on hand who hampered examination and questioning. Most of the stabs in the head seemed to have been made with knives or swords. after the body was down. I cannot imagine how such deep and true wounds.could have been made while the person was alive and standing. I saw only four bodies which seemed to have been struck with axes. Of these, one was cut in the neck, another had his left side cut open, and the two others were hacked a countless number of times in the cranium. Most of the thrusts in the back and chest. the examiners said, and so it seemed to me. must have been made with bayonets, and after the body was down. The few bullet holes that were pointed out were so well placed that they must have been fired point blank. It was impossible to state to what class of society the dead belonged. All were males. Only where the clothes were very poor were-the outer garments left on, and many bodies were only wrap ped in winding-sheets. 'Four or five I noticed wearing white shirts, and one cuff was found with a laundry-mark, 691: Only two .could be conclusively identified as hamals or porters. The clothes were all very much soiled from blood and dirt. The age varied from 22 to 55, with the vast majority in the thirties. 