PARLIAMENT. I.v the Assembly on Tuesday. The debate on the financial statement was resumed by Mr. SKE. The inevitable justi- fication of the financial policy of his Govern- ment whilst in power occupied a few minutes, and then the Treasurer's system of debiting proportions of public works expenditure over a period of SOJycars was severely condemned. The sinking fund departure was merely a method of getting rid of an obligation passing it on to posterity. By a feat of legerdemain, said Mr. See, unconsciously punning, the deficithadbeenaltogetherobscured, and then Mr. Reid had appropriated the saving of the late Government in regard to the road vole. Dealing with tho figures for '95-"0fl, the estimated surplus for June of £181,137 was chiefly to come from the hated Dibbs duties. But the most important part of the state- ment was the item " special appropriations," which it was shown in the estimates would absorb £2,800,300. But they were only asked to provide £2,712,002, which meant the carry- ing on of one year's obligations to another year's account. That was the virtue, of the .' cash basis " system, said Mr. See scornfully, .and it was neither fair to the public nor to the House. ; There was . no saving - only juggling. Then there was the sum set down under the heading of drawbacks, but: that would be greatly exceeded, because directly the merchants found the new duties in force they would export bulk goods, claim the drawback, and reimport them. But here the Premier, broke, in to explain that drawback could not be legally claimed unless the Customs officials were assured that the goods were genuinely for export. But Mr. See's contention was that once the . goods were exported they could never be identified.' Therefore the sum of £00.000 in excess of the estimate, would bo required for refund, of drawbacks. > "It is all ancient history," said Mr. Reid, as the. ex-Treasurer went to the ghosts of dead estimates and recalled misty millions from buried accounts wherewith to confute the Premier. If the true state of the accounts had. been set forth, there would have been a deficiency of £131,000. Finally, the Post Office estimates were under-esti- mated, and then, nf com se, the new taxation proposals were nil wrong and could end in nothing but disaster. , Mr. EWINO complained that £315.000 had huon taken from current expenditure and charged to loan account; but worse, murh worse than this, was tho policy that was going to transfer the work of the country t > foreign workmen. - The time was coming when the peoples of European extraction would insist upon their workers < securing their heritage, which was to do the - work of the country they lived in. Mr. F. CLARKE inveighed against a land tax for an hour or so.- He didn't care what [Mill and Adam Smith and Carlyle hud said, i his "own practical observation was sufficient i for him," and tho hon. member fiercely I dismissed those mildewed authorities. , ? > Every few min ules members left enlhusius-. tically, and there wits nu > quorum. In one of these pauses Mr. Lyne got up to leave the House, and the > Chairman, Mr. Farnell, pointed out that this was disrespectful to the Chair. > Mr. Lyne resented the lon» and, tin terms, and remarked that he "-would > do.jusi. as he liked." "The honourable member will resume his seat" cainr > from thu Chair; but the honourable . member, retorted that he would do > nothing of the kind, and suited the action to the word hy walking nut of the > house, requesting the Chairman tn inform him who he (the Chairingn) was lo > give him orders. In thisdileiiiinaMi-. Farnell appealed to tho Premier foi*' > support, . but Mr. - Reid only said, "Let him escape this tillie." Mr. PmCE concluded nt last,, arter which tho resolution was agreed to without division and read , a second time, and tho House j adjourned at 12.30. 