WISE AND OTHERWISE. The myro you puff a cigar the smaller it becomes, and tJiab is the case of some men. Borrowell —' What -would you do if you wore me ?' Buggins—' Pay myself the tea dols. you owe me.' : What are heathens, undo T ' Heathens ! Oil—ah—heathen; ■ ~aro i people who- don^fc quarrel over religion.' - -• - .'..Well,, doctor, how do you find my mother in-law to-day ?' ' She's much better, but her tongue's bad. ' It always was.' ' A man,' said Undo Moses, ' is a heap liko a silver dollah. . ' Do bes' way to find out what kind "of metafile's made of is to slam him down hard.' ' The human windpipe is a sort of serial story,' romnrkod the anake editor. ' Hovr do you make that out V asked the horse editor. It is continued in our necks.' An afflicted hunband was returning from the funeral of his wifo, when a friend asked him how he was. ' Well,' he 8»id, patheti cally, ' I think I feel the "better for that little walk.' 'Unless you como out strong in total absti nence principles,' wrote a temperance advo cate in India to one in England about to join him, ' bring your own coffin. They make them better in your own country'than in mine !' v • . Temperance Orator — ' Oh, my friends whisky is the curse of England ! you must all try to put it down. There must bo no half measures ; if you don't want whisky to got the best of you, you must get the best of whisky!' Bobbie—' What are descendants, father ?' Father—' Why, the people who come after you. (Presently) Who is that young man in the passage ?' Bobbie — ' That's one of sister's descendants come to take her for a drive.' 1 By Jove, Wilkes, your column of personal gossip in the last number of your paper was' the raciest thing I know. . Where did you' got all the information ?' ' My wife had her visiting day last Friday, and I concealed a phonograph in the room.' Wife—' The price of the clock was £2;-but,' I got a discount, so it only cost me -30a.' Husband—' Yes, but you know very well you could have got the same thing at Beezle's for a guinea.'--Wife—'That.may be,..,but then Beezle wouldn't have-" taken • off Any thing.' A little boy brought a visitor into the gar den to see a house he had just finished for his rabbits. The visitor admired it very much, and asked him who showed him how to do it. ' No one,'said he ; 11 made it all out of my own head.' ' Yes,' remarked his younger brother, anxious to have n s->y in tho matter. ' and he's wood enough left for another.-' Jack—' I say, sis, when are you girls going to play your football match with the Jflaiablera V "Gertie—' Well, it's a bit un certain, Jack. We sent our captain down last week to arrange a match with their cap tain.' Jack—' Did she manage it T Gertie —' I should say so. She told mo yesterday that she is going to marry him at Whitsun tide.' ' ' 'Boys,'said a teacher in Sunday school, ' can any of you quote a verse from Scrip ture to prove that it is wrong 'f"r a man to have fcv-v'o wives Y ■ He paused, a nd after a moment or two a bright boy raised his hand. ' Well, Thomas'(' said the teacher, encour agingly. Thomas stood up and said—'No man can serve two masters.' The question ended there. A PP.CEIVKP, DXyOUSCED. " Though many have said it, We never could credit The yarn about microbes in kissing. And, to prove it a lie, For a twelvemonth gone by, . Not a ghost of a chance* we've been missing. Yes, a-twelvemonth—no less ! But we've met with success,^ • Having found, for a downright .dead sert., That the story was started By a man jealous-hearted, Whoso wife was a bit of a flirt! ! could't hurt him. Chapter I. The young man who sat in tho window of the eighteenth storyof the Colo3sus Mansions j balanced himself neatly on the window ledge, and surveyed tho eddying noonday throng beneath him. There was an air of elegance ar.d equilibrium about him that bespoka the man of leisure and refinement. Suddenly he heard tho wild shriek of a policeman's whistle down the strec-t, and, with a sudden move ment, turned to see a fire-engine rushincr up tho crowded thoroughfare. A second later a cry of horror arose from the street. In his eagerness the young man had lost his balance, and was falling with lightning speed to tho street below. Chapter II. The faces of the thousands who saw tho frightful leap were pale with terror as the young man's body, striding a projecting corned in its flight, bounded far out toward the street. Strong men wept, and women turned their blanched faces aside. With a horrible thud the falling figure reached t10 "ranitc pavement in the middle of the road. Chapter III. But tho thousands who rushed forward to .jej if (l .sp.uk Jifo ri,u...iiied in uio postals tk'iirc were suddenly held back. The fire engine, with maddened steeds and^heavy rumbling wheels, was close at hand, in vain tho frightened driver tried to cneck the head Ion" rush of the engime. As well might he have tried to stop the ball at the cannon's mouth. Almost before tho orowu coil a know "bat had occurred, the flying engine had reached the- postrate form, and passed o\er it. Chapter IV. . S-ve for the low aoba of some anguished women, and the muffled exclamations oE horror from the men, the crowd was com pletely hushed. Two of the br^est men in the awed 'assemblage sprang forward, to gather with a stout policeman, and stood above the form of the young man. lho policeman turned away with a sad f«.ce an s-arted for the ambulance. But ere nB h" tak»n two steps the figure on tho roaaway stra"i«htencd out, and tho young man rose, dusted his clothes lightly with bishandkM; chief, and started to walk away. ; Hold o ^ said the officer ' you're inured. 11 ilg iiot,' replied tlio young :n.an, ■w ho aunj Ufrd a cigarette ; ' I'm a football 