TALES AND SKETCHES. A WOMAN OF THE COMMUEE. Hy (3. A. HUNTY. Author of " A Hidden IMIB, " " In the Days of tile Mutiny," " Chu l'luyne .Ship,17 " I'lio Curse ut Carnea Hold," " Dorothy's Doulile," äte. (AM. KIÜIITS UI.SUIVKII.) ClIAITKK XIII. By i:,, «id ni limn- bi.cinl-ij.iv..».-is thu I Fraile ii.--iiii,..>ioo |.i.-r...:.i thu ....n. .V.MI lying j UL lull ii'in.lll il .alli ,i|."l¡ I - J.. i . i l-l lill; enemy \s lire. Thiiiu^ii lin. -iini)i'j i m y could jual millie »ill lllc- upper Imo ni thu ».ill, ¡mil dB Ule riusaia.li» Blood ii|i lu lin; picked llielll oil'. Henri Vonuour oicpl .ii mg thc lille tuging the men lu liie .liui.ly. " Uley « ill advance pi cai illly," lie said. " You can tell hy tin; lire that they aie getting thicker anil lluckcr. Wu must check their rush. '' Five minutes later there was a deep cheer aud u crowd of dark ligures leapt over thc wall. A Hash nf lire run ulong the line ol dcfuiidcri-, anil tuen as lust as the CliusscpoU could be reloaded a rolling lire liroku out. Nu heavy W.LS it iliat bciuic crossing a third of thc intervening spavu thc i>crinana wavcrc i, hesitaled and then ran buck lu i he sheller. "Bravo! biavo !" Des V.illes shouted, springing to his feet in his exciteiiieiil, hui ns he spoke thu eucuiy'n lire broke out nguiu " Vive lu. France !" lie shouted, mid t..eu fell heavily backwards. His fall was uoticed only by those nearest to lliiu for the Kraue Tireurs were all busy. The rüttle of musketry in thc houses to their right showed that the French were s'ill Imld iug their own. i he Germans were apparently wailing for rciufurccuicnts' butoiv they attempted another rus.li against tile posiiion held hy then invisible fues They iu Lulu loop-holed thu wall they held and the musketry uuel cnn duned. Between thu walls were two lines of low hedges, bul the leaves had lal eu mid each parly could see the loopholes through which their opponents li red. Henri Vaucuur, who wus ill command, urdcred half thc men to crawl back to thu next «all some fifty paces in the rear aud to luop-hulil that. " Mic next lime they conic, " he said, " they will bc too strong for us und we must fall back." The reuiuiudcr of thc men he placed near thc two ends of the wall, so that us they fell back their comrades behind could opeu iheir tire anti so cover their retreat-, lt «'as another quarter of an hour before thu Germans made a move. Then a great budy nf nieu sprang over the wall. Foriy rifles were dis- charged simultaneously, then Henri's whistle rang out. Thc in- n leapt to their feet, and at the top uf their speed ran to tile wall behind them, from which their comrades were pouring a slrciin of fire into the Germans. Several fell as they ran, the rest on gaining thc wall threw themselves over, and as souu as they had reloaded joiued its defenders. Tho German " however, were still pressing on, when they were taken in flank hy u heavy fire from ibu back of the houses held by I he French, and they got no farther than the wall that bad just been vacated. Then the musketry duel recommenced uuder thc same conditions as before. The company had already lost thirty men, ten lay by the wall they had defended, killed by bullets that bud passed through thc loopholes ; eight more were stretched on thc ground thal they had just traversed. Thc rest had made their way to the rear, wounded. Cuthbert had bad a finger of thc left hand carried away as he was in the act of firing. He bad felt a stinging blow hut had thought little of it until he had taken his posiliou behind the second wall. Tie my handkerchief over this, Ruué," he Slid, "fortunately it is only thc left hand, and a finger more or less makes lillie odds. Where is Dampicrre, I don't sec him." "I am afraid he is lying under that wall there," René said, "ut any rate I don't see him herc ¡ he ought to he thc third man from me. Minette will go out of her mind if he is killed," but they hud nofurthcr time for talk- ing, and as soon ns his bund was baudaged Cuthbert took his place at a loophole. " I think things ure better," hu said, after a few minutes, to René. " The shells ure not falling round us as they did. Thc heavy guns at St. Maur must have silenced the German batteries and I fancy by the heavy firing from thc other end of the village that we have been reinforced." This was indeed the case. For some time thc Prussians continued to make obstinate efforts lo advance, but gradually the number of defenders of the village increased, as thc French officers mauaged to raly small parties of the fugitives at the bridge and led them forward again, their eflurtB being ai ed by thc mounted gendarmes, who, riding among thc soldiers, beat them with the flat of their swords, aud literally drove them forward again. By eleven o'clock thc ¡inc of thc Fianc Tireurs had been thickened hy the fresh arrivals, ami Ihc ioar of rifles ulong ibu wall was continuous. Thc French, «ho hail hitherto fought silently, now began to cheer, and wlr:n a regiment came up in something like fuir order through the gardens its Colonel shouted, " Forward, men, und drive ihc Germans out." Willi a cheer of anticipated triumph those who lind so stubbornly defended the position sprang up, aud thc whole rushed forward against thu enemy. A tremendous volley flushed from tho wall infrontof lin in. Cuth- bert felt that hu was fulling. 'Hie thought flushed through his mind (hut his foot had caught in something, aud then hu knew noth- ing more. When he recovered consciousness he «as lying willi a score of others nu thc floor of a kitchen. There wus a gaping hole in I lie ro.if und loopholes in thc nulls, bul of this ut present he saw nothing. A man with a lantern was standing beside bini while another was doing something, he didn't know what, to him. *' What is it?" he muttered. "You are wounded, mon brave, and seriously X am uf.uid, hut not fatally-at least I hope not." "Is this Chauipigny ?" " Yes'" " Then wc have held the village ?" " Yes, wc beat the Prussians hack all along the linc, they could not stand our artillery fire. There, I have bandaged you up for thc present, lo morrow morning you «'ill he taken imo Paris." " I should like to go tn ihc Aiuciieaii uin buliiucc, if you eau manage il," Cuthbert said. " I am au Englishman and have frieuds lhere." " I will manage it if I can for yi n, lad. Your corps hus done splendidly in-,¡ny, Kvcry ono ;uy*i if il had liol been for you, Cliampigny « mild have bee i los!. So yon will deserve any i liing I can do for you." The desperate defence of Clnuupigny had indeed saved thal portion of Hie French anny across thc river from destruction. It lind given time for thc fugitives to rally, and ii« if ashamed of the panic to which they lind given way, they had afterwards fought steadily and well, ami had driven the Germans hack beyond the lino they had occupied the night before, Bi ic-sur Marne being now in the possession of the French, having been carried iiy a desperate assuult, itt which General Duerot lead the way ut thc hcud of I lie troops. During thu various operations they had lust lihou L 1,000 killed and .1,001) wounded. Tile four days that had elapsed since Mary Braudel' had said good-bye to Cutiibert al thc entrance to the ainhuhince, had effeeled a marked change in ber appearance. She had returned to lier work on thc Monduy morning, but no fresh cases hud come in, for lhere had boen a lull in the skirmishes at thc outposts. During the last few days tho beds had becu cleared out os much ns possible to make room for tho expected influx, and there was bul little for her to do. After going round thc tent of which she hud charge thc American surgeon put his hand upon her shoulder. " You arc no better. Miss Brander," he said. " This is too much for you. I did not expect lo sec yrtti break down, for I ll noticed (hut your nerves were as Btcoilj those of un old hospital nurse. Though ; naturally lost your colour, when standing with the sponge ut some of those operatic, there nus no flinching ur hesitation ; but I that though you did not show it al thu ti that il has t.dd upon you. I shall lie sorry lose your services, especially itt thepresi moment ; but I think you had butler give up for a time. Wv luve plenty of voluntei yuu know.'' "I will stay on, if yo« plea«, Dr. *w bourne, lt is not the work bul the s'ispci tlmt Ins upset nie. One has been cxpeelí this dreadful battle lu begin for llie lust Un d.iys, and to know thal at any moment n aii),lK)D men may Hy at eich other, and ll thousands upon thousands may he killed almost too awful to think uhiitil. Tile silei seems -o oppressive, one knows that they i ({aihering ¡uni preparing, und thal while senna so still, we may suddenly hear the r< .if t he cannon .ill lound. 1 t hink when il ol begins I shall hu myself again, ll is Hie wu ing timi is so oppi cssive. " '. 1 can understand thal," he said, kindl " ll is the same with thc troops lhcni3olvi It is llu- pause before a great battle thal shut thu nerves of the tuen. As soon as the wu lie-ins tile feeling passes oil'and the men wli a tow illimités licfu-c, was as weak us a ehil feels the blood rushing holly through his voil lind thc burning desire to get al his encti overpowers .-ill sense of danger. Well, th- re is really liol liing tor you lo do to-do for I here ure t liree of you in this tent and ou 'our hells occupied, you had better put yo hound on nguiu, child ; a brisk walk will the best tiling for you : try ami interest yoi] «elf iii what you sec passion round you Fro whul 1 hear thc fighting will not begin um to-morrow morning, and it must he laLer in tl day licfore thc wounded begin toomuc in. S idough you eau rel um und take charge uga lo ni;;hl if yuu like, liiere » ill he really i occasion for you lo do so until to-morrow, s. at twelve o'clock ; but mind, unless you a looking a good deal heller 1 shall send you i again, my assistants wi'l need all their non for the work we are likely lo have on bani Indeed, I must beg you to do so. Miss Brjndc nothing is so trying us sit tins in idleiics 1 shall reully wuul your services to-inonoi and for my own sake, as well as yours, 1 mu insist upon my orders being obeyed." Mary Brander conscientiously tried to curt out thc doctor's instruclious, walked briskl ulong thc boulevards, and then going up tl Ch..mp Ulysses, and turning to the left, wei to the edge of the plateau above I lie rive and (here sat down on a hench and luoke over (he couuiry to thc South. There wei many groups of people gathered at this point most of them, doubtless like herself, lia friends in the army gathered outside thc wal] and were too anxious and restless to remain ii doors: bul although her eyes were fixe on the couuiry beyo,.d thc forts, Mar Brander did not take in the scene. She wt thinking, os she had been for the las-, tw days, and was full of regrets for thc pas' Sile had not altogether admitted this to liet self, but she knew now (hat it was st although she hud fought hard and angrily wit herself before she owned it. " He wu» right," she said to herscl bitterly, " when he said that I had not yr discovered that I had a heart as well as head. We arc miserable creatures wc women A mun can go straight on his way throug life-lie can love, he can marry, bul il inukc no change in his course. I know I read soon where i hat love ÍB hut an iucident in a man1 life, while it is a woman's all or something c that sort. I laughed ut the idea then as at surd-now that it is too talc J see it ÍB trut Ho loved me, or, at least he liked ms so inuc that he thought it ivas love. I laughed at him I told him ho was not and worthy of a woman' love. He went away here was au cud of il as far as he was concerned. He lost Iiis prc perty and took lo work nobly, and when w met he was just the Bame as he had bec before and treated mc os if 1 had been a COUBÍO and lias no doubt laughed many a lime at th thought of that morning in thc garden a New-quay, und indeed thought so little of i that he dill not mind my seeing all thus sketches of that woman in his note-books. " i here were three or four of them, toe stuck up on thc walls of bis room. Of cours shu goes there. He said she was a model Of course he is fond of her. I should nu have thoughi it of him, but men aro wicka and women ure fools," she added, after u pauBc " ami I do think that I um one of the mos foolish of them. I am like a child who throw- away a toy one minnie and cries for it th next, lt is horrid, and 1 um ashamed of my self, downright ashamed. 1 hat« tnyseli t< think that just because u man is nice to me and leaves me two pictures if bc is killed that 1 am to make myself miserable abou him, and lo feel that 1 could give up all rn; pl ms ip life for his sake. I underhand nov how it is ihat women arc contení to renlaii what tiley arc. It is because nature mud* them so. We are like weathercocks and huvi no fixed point, but can be turned by a passiiq bi calli. " We have uo rights because wc are conten to remain slaves. Herc is my life spoilt. / week ugo 1 was my own mistress and fell ai free und independent us auy mau ; now t 111rill runs through me al every cannon shot The things thal hud teemed so importun lo me then do not occupy a thought now However, I hope I um nut quit« a fool. ] r halt shake it ofT in lime perhaps," and sin smiled pitifully, "il will eve» do mcgood. ] shall understund things better. Anim usec 10 tell me I wus intolerant and made ni allowance for human nature. I laughed then bul bhe was right. When this is all over ] shall go awuy. I don't suppose 1 6hull evei sec him again, and I wili make up my mimi not lo think of him any more. I wotidei 11 hui he is doing now, whether his corps went out last night or will go to-day. I hope thej won't be in front. They have no rignt to pul volunteers in front when they have gol regular soldiers. Ii is downright wicked that lie should have enlisted wiien il was no busi ness of his. I wonder she Iel him do it." Then «he broke off, rose to her feet suddenly, und with un angry exclamation, "Marj iii'diulcr, you are a weak fool," she startcii back at a quick pace und with head erect. -Again she Walked round thc Boulevards, anil having thoroughly tired herself made lier wa) home, drank a cup of Bouillion mude fron horse flesh, went straight, to bcd and so ber herself to sleep. She woke up with a sturt. Thc house shook willi the explosion of licuvj guns. Sile sprang up and u ont to her window, threw il open, und looked out. She could see Feats Issy ami Vanvres, Both were firing heavily, while between th« booms of their guns shu could hear the report) of oihcrs. No flashes caine back from Meudon or any of the Prussian]) osilioiiB. Nor though she held ber breath lo lisleu could she heal thc sound of musketry. She struck u mate! and looked Ht her watch. It was but ont o'clock. She closed her window and wrapping herself np in lier dressing-gown sal there fm some time looking ont. Presently the fin slackeued and she crept back into lied, bul «gain rose when the forls re-opened fire. Then feeling that sleep was impossible sin lighted a cundle and forced herself to read until daylight. She was dressing when tin roar again broke out. This time il was awaj to thc left. She threw on her things, put on a bonnet and cloak, and went out of her roam just as M. Michaud issued from his. " You «rc going out, nmdainoseille. So am I. I will walk with you if you will allow me, I think Ibo rc il thing han begun. Thc lirinf Insl night was only, 1 fancy, to rouse thc Germans anil make them pass us bad a night us our men were doing, but I thing this is thc real thing." Mary was glad of his escort, il scorned lc make it more bearable lo have someone lc speak lo. In a few minutes they Beached tho spot where shu had sat the day before. A crowd were already collected. " Where is it?" M. Michaud naked, as they joined a group who were gathered near thc edge of the plateau "It is from the southern forts that they are firlug," thc mau said ; "look at the smoke rolling up from them ; they are clearing the way for our men. There, «lo you sec thu puff of smoke away on thc ri«lii ? Chat i from a battery up at Orotcll, and now th Prussian guns on M mtmcsly und all the wa; lound Ville Juif, ure answering. Thc uffái is becoming hot. Listen, the Chasscpots ar ut wurk." Indeed, between thc sounds of thc camion continuous murmur could bc heard. I sounded like a railway train passing over i distant viaduct. " Is there any place where we can sec bette from !" " Yon would sec better from tho wall ove on that side hut no one is allowed there ; hui thc Nutional Guard ure under arms, and hav. taken the places on thc walls of the mobiles who have gone oui." " It is wretched seeing nothing herc," ah« said, peverishty. " Do you think we could get up to thc toi nf the tower of Ibu Notre Durne?" "lt is a long way off," M. Micbnud said awl if people are permitted lhere you 11U13 he sine by this lime there is not standing room Besides, even from there thc distance woulc he too grout lo make nut thc movements o: Ihc troops." Maty felt that he was right, and with f little shiver said, " I will hurry bach now und will then go down to the amhulince." She swallowed ucup of coll'ec in which I wc iyga from the hi Iden store had been beutet up ; ute u piece of bread, and then started olí. As she went along she gathered from Hie talk in ihe streets that things were believed tn bc going on troll. The musketry was certainly a good deal further off, and a light smoke was rising fur out u<ion thc plain. "They say that we have captured Moutmcsly, and on this side cannot bc far from Ville Juif." " Ah, these Prussians have begun lo learn what Puriscan do." " I expect William aud Bismarck are by till.* time packing up ut Versailles," another Bald. "They will kuow that their day lias come te an end ; everyone says lliey will both be hung if wc catch them." Mury hurried on. She knew that holm must elupsc before lim wounded could bi In ought in, but felt a feverish anxiety to br at thc ambulance and to hear what was said lhere. Just before she rouched it ihe roar of thc distant combat suddenly increased, but it seemed to her further away to thc left. Dr. .Swinburne was standing outside the lentf adieu she came up. 11 Do yon know what is going on, sir?" she asked, breathlessly, as she came up to him. " I believe that the first firing you heard was the advance of Vinoy, who nvived out under cover of the guns of thc southern forts. From all I hear he has advanced a considerable distance acrosB the plaiu. I believe that thc firing that has just begun away to thc west, is thc real battle. Ducrot is out there with 100,000 men, and Vinny's attack is but a feint to draw the Prussians to the south, and sc clear the way for Ducrot, who crosses the Mame and advances through Cliamuigny. I heard the plan last night from one or Trochu's staff, lt seems a good ono and if it is carried out with spirit I sec no reason why it should not succeed. Your rest has done you good, Miss Brander; your eyes arc brighter and you look more like yourself." " I feel belter, doctor. I have been ruting myself soundly and it has done me good. I feel quito ready for work agaiu." The doctor detected a little pathetic ring beneath thc almost defiant tone in which she uttered the words, but he only suid "We all have need of a scolding occasionally, it acts as a tonic. I should rather like to be braced up myself for to-night's work." "It is too bad," Mar said, slmost indig- nantly. " You are always insisting on our resting ourselves and you have all the work ou your shoulders. There are eight or ten of us, and you aro all by yourself. " " Not quite by myself. Mr. Wingfield is nf great assistance to ine, and his aid will be invaluable when t'-e rush comes. Besides, a surgeon, after thc first operation cr treatment has little more todo than to watch his patient, if he has nurses that he can rely upon As he goes his rounds he gets their reports, he kuows how thc patients have passed thc night, and if the wounds require rebinding you ure at hand with all that is necessary. It is thu responsibility rather then the work wh¡eli tries one. Still if one knows that one is doing one's best, and that at any rate the wounded are very much bolter cared for, and have much better chances of recovery here than in the city hospitals, one must be content. Worry does no good either to one's patients or io oneself That is n maxim that does for both of us, Miss Brander. r-ow you had better g<> in and get everything ready. It is probable that some of those wounded early this morning may soon bc brought in." Mary went in to her marque. "The child ie herself n I he list of wounded," thc surgeon said, as he looked after her. " She hus been fighting a battle af same «ort and has been hit pretty hard. Her expression has changed altogether. There was a brisk alertness about her before and sile went ahoul her work iu a resolute business sort of way that was almost amusing iu a girl of nineteen ol' twenty. It was cary lo see ihat she hud good hcahh, plenty of souse, and an abundunt confidence in herself. At one moment she would bc lecturing her patients with the gravity of a middlc-nged women, and five minutes later chattering away with I hem like a young girl. I should have put ber down us absolutely heartwholu and UB never having experienced thc slight, st real care or trouble, as never having quite recognised thal she I ud grown into womanhood. Well, something lias occurred to alter all that. She has received a blow of some sort, and though she may soon get over it she will never bc quite thc same as she was before. If one wasn't so weighed down with woi k, and had so many serious matters to think of, she would be un interesting eludy. I never quite understood what on earth she ÍB in Paris for hy herself at such a time as thia. But there is some- thing timi «ill give inc other matters to think of." Thc something was un ambulance waggon which a minute later drew up in front of thu hospital, and from that moment there was indeed no time for doctor or nurses to give a thought lo aiiylhing save tho wounded men who continued to pour in until fully half the '200 beds were occupied. All these men belonged to Vinoy's division. Dr. Swinbourne would lake no more. There was already more work lo do I han bc could get through before next morning, and none of thc wounded who came in later from beyond the Marne »ere received there but were distributed among the other hospitals and ambulances, niall of which preparations ou a very large scale had been made. By morning thc most pressing part of the work had been done. Thc wounded had been made ns far as possible comfortable. Some of the bullets had been extracted, Borne of thc most nrgent amputations made. A fresh batch of nurses arrived to take ldc places of thc white-faced wni:i":i who had nobly and 8teadile Virile their part in the trying work nfth" . i dit. "1 thunk you all ladies," the doctor said as they gathered outside the lents before going away. " Your assisiuncc has been invaluable, no trained nurseB could have shown more nerve und pluck thau you have done. I have just learned that itisnut likely that there will bea renewal of thc fighting to-day and you can therefore go honte with the conviction that you can tuite your twenty-four hours of duty without fear that there will bc any pressure in your uhsence. I am going to he down myseli fur three boure. Even a surgeon hus nerves and Ï must keep mine steady. There ure several operations that must be performed this afternoon and some bulléis to hunt up. I bog you all to force yourselves to taite i something as soon as you gel to your homes, i and then go lo bcd and Bleep as long as you can." It did not seem to Mary Brander when she started that she would be able to walk home, ' but the keen air revived her and she kept on i until she entered Madame Midland's flat. " Mon Dieu, roy child how white you look," ? the French lady exclaimed, BB tbe girl entered i thc room where she was taking her morning i coffee. " What a night you must have bad." The need for Btrenglli WUB past now, and Mary sank into a »hair and burst, Into a fit of hysterical sobbing. Madame Michaud car- essed and soothed ncr UB if she had been an overlir d child. I " There," alic raid, « lien Mary recovered u 'little, " tuke thU cup of coffee and drink il. ' I have not touched il und lhere are two ogg« ! beaten up in il. Margot will tnaku mo some more in a few minutes. Bore is a fresh roll. She made a butch this morning in the oven ; try und cat it, my child, and drink tile coffee, ami then 1 will help you into bed." Mary, with a great ellort, ute a mouthful of bread, and drunk codeo, mid in a quarter of an liuur iras uidecp. It was growing dark when she woke and remembering thc doctor's orders «he gol up and went into the siliiug room. Madame Michaud kissed her affection- ately, " Vow yon aro looking more like yourself, my child ; truly you looked like a ghost when you came in. lt is tile liushunil's turu for duly on thc wailB so wc can sil and have a cosy chut together. Well,"she went on, when Mury had taken a seat that she h id placed for herby thu stove, "all is going on famously. Wc have pushed the (ieruians hack every- where and Trochu's proclamation says (he l*!an« have been carried out exactly ;is arranged. Títere hus nol Leen much fighting lu-day, wc have hardly hud a gun fired. Kn ryone is rejoicing and all thc world agrees thal univ the 1'russianB have seen how we can liant they will spocdily tuku themselves oil ai tonet her." " I hope it so, Madame Michaud ; certainly the wounded said that they lind advunced u long way on the south side of the Marne. None of thu wounded from lhere were brought tu our hospital. " Chuiupigny was taken. They say that there was n hurd light there nuil we pushed the Prussians back beyond it ever so far," and Madame Michuud'e anns expressed illi- mitable distance, "I suppose there are no reports as to what regiments were engaged," Mury asked. " lib, no, but everyone says that the soldiers fought liku lious und that the national guard WHB splendid." "There were none of tho National Guilds brought in wounded to our umbulance," Mury said. "Tiley were all linesman and mobilus." " Perhaps there were no N'allouai Guards engaged on that side, my dear " " Perhaps not," Mary agreed. "No, I think they all went out hy the east gatcB." " Yes, that WUB where Du,Tot commanded and that was where the great fight was to be," Madame Michaud said, complacently, "no doubt lie wanted to have the Natiouul Guards thore." Mary, having, as the result of her own observations and from imbibing the very pro- nounced opinions of Cuthbert as to the efficiency of the National Guard, formed an estimate the reverse of fa vourablr to that body, made uo reply, but indeed derived Borne little comfort from a point of vie*' diametrically opposed to that of Madame Michaud, saying lo herself that Troctin probably sent the National Guard with Ducrot because it was nul likely that they would be called upou to do any serious fighting lhere. " Wou't you let thc boys in, Madame Michaud?" she said, changing the subject. " I think there chatter would do me good, my brain seems stupid still." Tile boys were brought in from the next roam, where they were doing their lessons. They wer« full of tho reports they had gaih red from their sthool- fellows, and if but half of these had been true it was evident that the remuant of the German army were in full Sight towards the frontier, and that the bravest deeds of an iquity faded into insignificance by the side of tho heroism dis- played by the French soldiers. Their talk amt excitement had the cfiect of rousing Mary and preventing her thoughts reverting to thc scene in the ambulance, and at half-past nine shu again went off to bed feeling more like herself than she had done for some days. ( Te be continued. ) 