UNDER THE VERANDAH. Mr. Turner is not a humorist. He does not aspire to equal Mr. Zox or Mr. Murray in that capacity any more than he claims the fluency of foreign qnotation in which the member for Normanby indulges. Yet he lighteood tbe dreariness of his budget deliverance by one or two scintillations of wit. Perhaps it was a stroke of unconscious satire when he described his honorary colleagues as not ornamental, and therefore he had determined to render tbem useful Members whose mirrors wocid not famish a more flattering tale were qnickto apply the double edged compliment of the Premier to the lugubrious visage of Mr. Yale, and, like Sernb, they "laughed con- sumedly " over the drollery of their own per ception. In utilising Mr. Shiels's historic phrase. dacinoia hereditary to express - his own feelings towards the legacy of indebtedness on Treasury bonds which Mr. Shiels bad left behind him as a revolt of his borrowing policy, Mr. Turner was more happy. In tbe Honse as on the stage any thing in the nature of an oath is sure to bring a round of applause. There is no mistake that onr new Governor has the blood of the Vikings in his veins. For the Sunbeam to leave Plymonth on time like an ordinary liner in the teeth of a fat ions gale was what few mere yachtsmen would venture. Tbe news that the gale was so great that the Snnbeambad to pntinto Faimonth does not detract from the courage of the com mander. For Lord Brassey is captain as wall as owner of the Sunbeam. It is a pity that here in Port Phillip we have not more yachtsmen of Lord Brauey'a type. From this point of view onr new Governor would have been more at home in Sydney, where Mr. Attorney-General " Jack "Wont would have steered him in and out of the harbor in ths roughest weather, and have also instructed his Excellency, in Crom- wellian language, how to deal with a recalcitrant counciL Tbe Australian Federation League ia not satisfied with the progress of the cause. Poli ticians promise, promise as freely as Sir Htnry Parkas and Mr. Boid. Bat tbey are always running off the rails. Neither eloquence nor conferences seem to bring us any neartr to a definite conclusion. Under theeo depressing circumstances I am induced to recommend an appeal to tbe spirit of poetry. I have received a contribution from a correapoudent who, though' his rhythm be halting, has evidently his heart in the right place. Thus he apostrophizes : — Ari<e, Australia, from your ruinous trancelike state. Shake off your narcotic dreams of careless ease. Indulge no more iu local spite and jealous hate. But unite : and form from these scattered colonies A nation that as one can think and feel Deploring the sad condition into wbiob apathy and extravagance have plunged the community, now, alas. Enslaved by the gilded fetters 0! a mortgaged destiny, he tees in fedetal unity our only salvation. Before that sacred cause all local aims must bow. To be postponed till after federation. Twere Letter far to settle the great question now, Too long laid by, for future legislation. Bail happy hour : 'ceath Austria's azure dome, To heboid our country nn\fied and free. Allied with that dear land we atiil call home, The cradle of our race and liberty. Tiiat glowing apptal ought to incite even' tho New South Wales Premier to immediate aetion. Only Dr. Johnson could adequately describe the illustrations of criminal idiotey which have found expression recently in the suburban ghost icaro. If the venial offence of perpetratiog a pun called down the indignation of the great lexicogrepher, the vials of bis deepest wrath would aurely have been poured ont upon those who sought to frighten women and children under the gui.e of practical joking. What de graded perception of humor must there be in tho mind of a creature who can derive an element of fan from hoaxing a mother into con- vulaionsbya lying statement that her son had been drowned. The ruffian who baa been sear ing young children, old women and belated passengers on lonely roads in tbe metropolitan suburbs'by the "paraphernalia of ghostly adorn ment, according to the familiar figuring of imagination, possesses a pretty wit, which ought to receive tho appreciation of peraonal chastise ment. If soma of tha indignant relatives of those he has injured happen to come across his tracks he may be made to give np tbo ghost in literal fashion. 1 In' the raid of frae-trade slander against colonial, productions the local distilleries conld not expect to escape attack. Whether the difference between excise and import duties shoald undergo redaction is a matter fairly opon to ooniidertiphr-But in coming to a conclusion adverse to the distillerias upon this point there is tans' reason why -their "reputation should be jupelled ai rj>lj(as their pqckgts. To Mr. M'Coll watvkccoriTeA' congenial talk of preparing tbo nhkjiSt, and tke'sultomfary Ingredients of mis tepferent»tiqn..andjnijreadii£ statements were freely utilised.' In'tfa6,lsnaage of the free-trado organ, Mr. 'M'Cotf ""delirersd " a notable spoecb," wherein by means of a formula which bo hastily adopted in ignorance of its applica tion to facts he conclusively proved to his own satisfaction tliatjths Joshua Bros.' distillery pro duced more spirits than oonld bo honestly obtained from the material ustd. Visions of evil dominated at once tbe free- trade imagination. The explanation is simple. Mr. M'Coll erred, presumably in ignor ance, in pinning bis faith to a formula which ho did not understand. His rule applied to grain in its natural condition, whereas for distilling "pur- posea it is kiln dried prior to being used, and its balk therefore largely diminished. Ail his elaborate calculations wors vitiated by his want of knowledge of this essential fast. The excise officials, who know what they are talking abont, langh over this example of legislative mare's nests. It is a enrions coincidence that at the very time Mr. M'Coll ia defaming them tho Joshua Bros, have been awarded at Amsterdam Exhibition a gold medal for their Boomerang brandy, and have obtained from the British authorities a contract for its supply. An excosaivo rapidity of uttoranco is baing eultivated both in tho jndioial and the legislative areaas. This fault is attributed by shorthand writers to Sir John Madden acd to Mr. Deakin, to name only a few of those who are giving way to this blemish in oratory. In a recent case tbe Chief Justice had so mnch to say to a jury that only by proceeding at express speed could ho nn- bnrtben himself of his Test accumulation of matter. Sir John Madden, like Sir Hartley Williams, tbonld take ex ample by ihe lata Chisf Justice, who was alow, deliberate and emphatic nntii warmed into vigor. He furnishes a bitter model than tho Italian deputy, who is credited with possessing the capscity of ."gurgling forth a torrent of 180 to 200 words in the minute." Would Sir John Madden like to have applied to him the story told of this latest champion of "fluency! "What a mercy," exclaimed one, "that Grimaldi was not born a girl !" "Yes," replied the other, " fancy aneh a speaker grow ing up to be somebody's mother-in-law." People of Mildnra are wise in their genera tion. They fully recognise the application of the proverb that if the mountain will not como to Mahomet, Mahomet most go to the moun tain. For yean winter and summer exennions to Mildnra have been advertised, offering a trip np and down the linmj River, drivea round the settlement, Ac., for a merely nominal snm. There cannot be a pieasanter winter holiday than this. Bnt lately, owing to depressed finances throughont the colonies, the supply of visitors to Mildnra has ran short. So the leading men of Mildnra have decided to hold n " Citrus Fair " in Melbourne within the next few days, when will be shown horticultural samples of what Mildnra ean pro duce. The settlers, too, will also be in evidence. Collins- street is likely to be as fall of Mildnra planters during tho " Citrus Fair "-as it is with back block sqnatters dating " Cap time." At the fair Mr. Taveraer will shine in all his glory. So, too, will Mr. W. B. Chaffey. The Lovieo Brothers and other representatives of the yonng planter interest will prove a life etndy, and a most favorable contrast to onr Co11io3-street "Johnnies." I wish the " Citrns Fair " erery success. It seems that a trustee of the Public Library has his rights as wall as his duties. According to recent correspondence in The Age a trustee can avail himself of the nse of tho new maga zines for as long as be likes, to the deprivation of the general reading public. If a trustee should happen to be a literary man what splen did opportunities he would thus be afforded of digesting magazine articles into newspaper articles with very little brain exertion. " Unrestricted competition, regulating' tbe price of things by supply and demand, is the great ptinciple on which the old orthodox political economy bangs." This is the dominat ing doctrine of free-trade which Victorians are recommended to adopt. Here is a lurid.pictnre of its results. "Nsrtr was the institution of property harder and less hnman than it is now. It has been said, with a great amount of truth, that our present type of society is, in many respects, one of the most horrible that baa over existed in the world's histoiy— boundless luxury and self indulgence at one end of the scale, and at the other a condition of life as crnel as that of a Roman slave, and more degraded tban that of a South Sea Islander." A confession of faith by W. S. Lilly, extracted from ths columns of tho Argus of 27th July. After this warning of its consequences will free-trade advocacy Sad favor with the community? Does not Scrip ture say, " In vain doth the fowler spread his neta in tbe sight of tbe birds" ? Tho enthusiasm of discontent with the condi tions of Australian life which led to the en deavor to create a New Australia on Paraguayan soil has evaporated quickly under the harsh teachings of experience. The surroundings which appeared so oppressive when in actual contact are cow looked back upon with regret The Ute Lord Lytton, in one of his poems, preaches a very similar moral The blue moan- taini in the far distance seemed to present the very acme of hope, but when tho traveller gained his goal he found his expectations disap pointed, and glancing backwards discovered that the country he had quitted displayed the same charms which had captivated bis imagination. The New Australians are learning to appreciate tho advantages of British law, of British security and of British enterprise, and their dormant loyalty is being stirred by foreign associations into greater activity. Thsre is something pathetic in tbo incident recorded by Mr. Peel that a party of New Australians, destitute and miserable, cheered a British steamsr on the Parana. "It was tbe first time they had aeon a British flag aiuce their arrival in Paraguay, and its sight recalled the homes, tha friouda, tbe lifelong associations they had so rashly left, and to wliioh they were now so anxious to rttarn ; and bitterly did they then reeolieot bow— in spite of the many benefits enjoyed daring the long ond illustrious reigD of their Qaec'n — they had been told by those who had induced them to leave Australia that they had little cause to bo enthusiastically loyal" "Tutor, R.C., salary £20, for up-conntry Bt&tion;, must assist in light work. Apply, Ac." (See advartisement in last week's papers.) This is what brains— at least R.C. brains — have come to nowadays. Tbey are evidently a drug in tbe market in Victoria. A tntor ia of leas vaine than a rousoabout. I wonder if "light work " means helping at yarding sheep or mastering cattle. In either ease £20 a year would be piti able pay for a man engaged in theso occupa tions. Thanks to Mr. Emhling we can rest peacefully at night without tho disturbing tbonght that wo are unprepared for war. The ex- Garibaidian hero sniffs the battle from afar, scents it beforo even ths belligerents know anything is wrong, and with the forethought of a patriotio leader of the people asks the Minister ot Defence what hiB plans are for stemming the crisis. The question, ia the form it was put on Tuesday, was somewhat startling—' What "arrangements" had the Minister made in the event of war ? One would think ho waa talking abont the opening of tho butter aeason or giving direc tions for a funeral. "There may be a hostile fleet in the Bay shortly— have you everything ready ?' inquire Mr. Embling. Happily Mr. M'Cnlioch was able to reply with historic aptitude that all ia in applt pie order, even down to the bnttona on tbo soldiers' gaiters. The gunboats are laid up, and therofore will not bo in the way at a critical moment. The Naval Brigade il on strike, which is at any rale a warlike There are a number of highly paid officers, and a score of cooks and stewards ready to man tho Cerberus ; and tbo Acting Governor aa com- raandir in chief of the forces has a uniform that wonld strike terror into the boldest in- vader. Nothing has been left undone to give any venturesome Jap. or Russian a fitting re ception. Mr. Embling may assure hia con stituents that " the arrangements " are perfeot. " Business is business. Here's my card,' said Dr. Brierlcy, with an eye to future possi bilities, when the fickle Lady Virginia threw him over in favor of the volatile major. A genial undertaker of my acquaintance exercises a similar prescience. Introduced tho other day to a young doctor recently arrived in tho colony, be pressed upon him his business card, ond conld not understand why he should fcol a little offended. ATTICUS. 