NEWS FROM NOWHERE. The Lyceum has done big biz for the past three weeks. There are many men who ate afraid of ghosts who have no fear of spirits. Sydney weather has been detioinus during the week, but raiu is badly wanted. When we do not give according to our means -we do acoording to our meanness. Send yonr snbsoription to The Workman. Only Is. per quarter or .Is, per year in n i- vanee. " What the New Woman wants to learn," says a philopopher, " is to boy a larger shoe and a smaller bat," The Empire is running tho Tivoli very olose, Hatty Riokards had better hnrry np with his importations, on whioh no taxes will be charged, " Youth " proved a good draw at Her Majesty's, George Rignold mounts it splen didly, and deserves all the success ho is get ting. "Youth " runs for another week. To effect a saving of £300 per annnm, the clock in the General Post Office tower is to be darkened after 1 1 o'clock p.m. More than £300 is wasted every year in a hundred worse ways. " In Town," the be.st thing in the Gaiety Girl Co. repertoire, is to be replaced to-nigbt by " The bbop Girl." Louis Bradfield has earned a big reputation at tho Lyceam for hie " Captain Coddington." Why don't tho proper authorities have a olook tower erected at Red fern Station so that people can see where they are when rushing for their trains, instead of having to go all along the station for the time, as at present 7 Mr. E. W. Cole, 33.3 George-street, Sydney, has just issned No. 1. of a new series of his Book Buyer's Guide, which he will send to any address, post freo on applioation. No snoh exhaustive guide has ever before beott pnbliehed in Anetralia for general distribu tion. A fascinating yonng lady at an Aldorsbot ball a few days ago was fascinated by the terpsiohorean performances of the Highland oilicors. At last the lady, addressing a soldier cousin, said " Charlie, I wish you wonld bring mc one of those skirt donoers and introduce bim." The aboriginal Jaokoy, the murderer of Jamea Anderson, at Siberia, West Australia, some months ago, . manaeed to secure the key and nnlook the chains by whioh be was secured in tbe Coolgardie look-np. He then burrowed nnder the galvanised iron walls and made off towards the Sonthoru Cross, Fonrteon hours in tho darkness during a snowstorm were passed by a miner named George Allan on tho top of the Oarriok Range, near tbe Remarkablos, daring the recent severe weather in New Zealand. When tbe mailman came across bim in tho morning ioioles were hanging from his whiskers all the way to his waist. A onrions point in Swedish oriminal law is that confeesion is necessary before a capital sentence can bo carried out. If, however, the culprit persists in protesting his innoneoce in the face of over.powering evidence, the prison disoiplioe is made ex tremely strict and severe until the desired confession is obtained. The statement in Genesis that " there were giants in those days " is accepted aa lit- rally true by the Rev, Haakett Smith, who finds ita proof in the ruins of Baalbeo. Between GOOO and 7000 years ago stones weighing 1500 tons were placed in position, and they were eo finely curved that a penknife oould not be inserted between one blook and another. In the atieoence of maohinery, Mr. Haakett Smith cannot explain how these stones were lifted except on tbe assumption that the workmen were giants. A fire occurred on July IS in the last place one would expeot suoh a thing to hap pen, namely, in the Little Bourke-street (Melbonrno) fire station. The men tumbled out when the alarm was given, to find their own hayloft burning, and it took them two hours to put the flames ont. With nncbn- soioQB huoaor the official reports of the oo- onr-nee issued by the brigade stite that "the fire was discovered by the inmates, and extinguished by the inmates with their own appliances." Commenting npon the fact that of tho letters and packets posted in Tasmania dnring the year 1804, there were 956,840 franked, the Huhart Mercury says that a " lurid light " was thrown on the franking system when, at tbe Hobart Post Offloe, in full public gazo, lay a good-sized brown paper parcel, nearly np to regulation limit, and apparently containing washing, or drapery, or somotbing of the kind. It was addressed to a lady in the country, and was franked by an honorable M.il.A. Tbe latest swindling dodge in Melbourne ie exposed by tbe Rev. S, 0. Kent, of Alnert- park, in a letter to the Aryus. Mr. Kent writes " On Saturday morning last a well-dressed lad oamc to my door and asked to be' told where Mr. Ricket lived. Tho name being unknown he said he would apply at tne next honac. He went there, and eaid that I had sent him, ae I had no silver, to borrow half-a- crown, which was promptly lent, with the message that if I needed two shillings more I could have them. He oame again to thi-i hon-ie to say that they did not know next door where Mr. Ricket lived. Ue then went back and obtained the two sbiilinga and disap peared." Mr. Clement Wraggo, of Brisbano, having got a meteorological station set upon Mount Wellington, overlooking Hobart, next desires to have one on Mimut Kosoiasko, in New South Wales. Kosoinsko exceeds 7,000ft. in height, 3Xr, H, 0, Russell, Government astronomer and meteorologist, Sydney, re gards the proposal as uoasBasioal. If tho Ben Nevis Observatory in Scotland, erected (at a cost of £6,000) at the suggeatiou of Mr, Wragge some years ago, has beeo pro nounced by Mr, Ralph Abcrcromby and tbe Meteorological Oounoil of England to bo of do aid to storm forecasting, it would bo simply a waste of money to spend £160 or £200 on an "observatory" on Mount Kosciusko. Mr, Wragge has got a oairn (to bold instrnments) bnilton Mount Wellington, bnt the spot is easily reached from Hobart, and the house at the springs two-thirds of the way up the slope, whereas Kosoiasko is in tho heart of the Australian Alps f aria way from settlement. — Amlrulasian, 