OUR GREAT GOLD FINDS [SOME CHANCE MSCOVEEIES. The history of mining and especially of gold mining, in all parts of tbe world, is full of stories that illustrate the purely accidental and fortuitous manner in which the most important discoveries were made, and when these ;ories, are repeated amone- tho miners as; they while away their evenings are taken into consideration the devout belief of every miner in the potency of luck becomes much more intelligible. Even Western Australia, when her his tory comes to bo written, should afford her quota of wonders in the same re lation. One of the most productive mines in California was discovered through the accidental fall of the dis coverer. He was one of a hunting party that had gone cut from San Francisco during the Christmas holi days. While passing along the side of a steep hill on a narrow trial his horse suddenly slipped, and, with his rider, went down into the gulch. Happen ing to bo the last in the line and some distance behind the others, ho was not missed for some moments, but when his absence was noticed the party turned back to look for him, fearing some untoward accident. He was no where to be seen, but the place where his horBe had slipped and fallen over the bank, together with the traces of the fall, were plainly visible. Follow iDg the tracks made by the horse and man, and when near tho bottom the men suddenly came upon an interesting spectacle. Just behind a clump of bushes which the' man and his steed had crushed through on their way down stood the horse apparently uninjured, while near by; on a slab of rock pro jecting trom the snow, the man was cap ering like an Indian at a ghost dance. The first impression of the rescuing party was that the man had gone sud denly crazy, but as he caught sight of them ho instantly ceased his gyrations and shouted for them to appaoach. They came, when he showed them several lumps of almost pure gold he had hastily knocked from the edge with a atone for a hammer, and announced his discovery of a gold mine. The sliding horse had brought up against the ledge, and the restive animal, kicking vigorously in the efforts to rise, and struck off the moss from the stone and disclosed the fact that it wa? a gold-bearing ledge of unusual richness. The find was appro priately named ' The Christmas Gift,' and a valuable gift it proved to be. The miners of New Mexico tell a queer story which illustrates forcibly the miner's belief in his luck. A miner named John Quincy Adams was pros pecting somewhere in the mountains. While wearily trudging along on« hot day through a gulch where the sun had a good chance at his back he suddenly 8melled smoke. The phenomenon struck him as odd, and he glanced quickly in every direction to ascertain the origin of tho smoke, but seeing nothing, resumed his journey.' A mom ent later the smell returned stronger than ever, and. the breeze just then blowing in the direction he was walk ing, a light wreath of vapor curled about his ears and gave him to under stand that vis haversack was on fire. Like all miners, he carried a large lens for the purpose of examining the speci mens and the sand in his pan, and the truth flashed upon him. For want of room he had hung the glass on the outaide, and the rays of the sun had concentrated on his haversack, which was thus set on fire. As among its contents were 12lb. or 151b. of powder, he lost no time in dropping the danger ous burden, and getting as far away as possible before it exploded. The haversack fell betwen two huge stones, and cuddled down out of sight. Adams soon reached a safe distance, and dis consolately watched the smoke arising from bis sole worldly possessions. Suddenly there was a deafening report. The ground trembled, and Adams dodged behind o stone to escape the fragment of flying rock. Rising, he Went to the spot to gather up what he could find, when his eyes almost started out of his head at seeing the quartz that had been blown up fairly glittered with gold. His powder had done better on its own account than it had ever done on his, and had literally blown open a gold urine for its benefit. He was made a rich man m an instant, and named hia mine the ' Nick p' Time.' The famous Comstock was discovered by a chance as Bimple as that which exposed to the eyes of the astonished Adams the gold blown up by accidental explosion of his haversack. According to the story told, the ground on which the lode was afterwards discovered was prospecting by Cometock, who located a claim but made up his mind that it did not amount to much and so abandoned it. Shortly after this an old character named Finney was hunt ing in the neighbouring and shot a deer. The wounded animal struggled off, and while scrambling up the side of a hill dislodged some loose stones, disclosing signs of the presence of gold. Finney washed a little - f the earth in a pan and was astonished at the re sult, for from the small quantity of earth tested came 10 to 15 dollars worth of gold. When Finney and two of his friends were later working the mine along came Comstock and demanded to know whatthey were doing on his claim. They were obliged cither to kill him or take him into partnership, so they did the hitter. The mines which built the city of Helena, in Montana, were discovered by a party of four prospectors, , who were on their way to a well-known camp in the Kootenal country. Learn ing that the diggings in that quarter had failed, they turned aside to pro spect in another direction, and for some time wandered about, digging holes here and there, but finding noth ing that they, considered worth work ing. About noon of the 15th day of July, 1864, they.' arrived at the site of the city of Helena, halted for dinner and to rest their horses. Dinner over, their horses were saddled, when one of their number walked' down to the street to get a drink before mounting. From mere force of habit he began mechani cally scratching the gravel with his hands, when to his astonishment he drew out a nugget as big as a gold dollar. A hundred dollars worth of gold was taken out in, about 20 minutes. The men then immediately settled down and located claims. In a short time news of their success spread. Hundreds of other miners flocked to the spot, and. a mining camp of unpre cedented richness was established. The xityof Helena sprang up on the spot, 'and it is said that one of the banks of ;that city is situated on a portion, of the first claim located by the lucky quar tette.' . '. The famous silver mines of Potosi, in South America, were discovered by an Indian 'who was in pursuit of an ante lope. He was climbing the steep' slbpe of 'a' hill and seized a bush *to help- 'himself up. The plant gave way and revealed a ledge of _ silver. A few months after the massacre of Custer and' -his1 men a' party of BoHierswBro scouting affer-hostiles taBB the Big Horn. The country was terriJHH bly rugged and broken, progress wasHH| very difficult, and after procccdingHH some days in the midst of the wildgM^^H ness of peaks the guide was forced tcjHH admit that he had lost his way. ' Th&|^Hj captain seated himself on a iccgCjOH while the guide lay on tbe ground near MM by, holding the reins of tho horaes. Mi An earnest conversation followed as to |^H the proper course to be taken in order ^^H to get out of the hills. ' You may eay j^H what you please, but I think wo ought f^^B to go that way,'' caid the captain, and [Hh as ho spoke he picked up n bit of stone Ih^I from the ground and tossed it in tbe |^H direction indicated. Tho gnidb stared, (MB then made a rush for the bit HH of stone. It was a. piece of ^H quartz so thickly seamed vrith gold an 9H to form a specimen of wonderful rich- ^Bj ness and beauty. The two collected j, HR} few samples, hid them, and agreed U fHH keep tho matter a secret until ihoj B could return and take possession of ih.( Jim mine. A few days later the guide waa MB killed, and the secret remained witl mam the captain. Timo and again after liii MB troop had been extricated from tli- MB mountains did he make efforts to re- M locate the lull of gold, but every effort Hal was doomed to failure it could never HH be found. It is possible that it may HH have been the ' Lost Cabin ;' of this HH there is no certainty, but if not, it was GjH a mine of such wonderful richness that HH nothing like has ever since been dis- |Wj covered in the Big Horn range. IHH 