FLIGHTS AND DARTS. TBt Arrow ONCE jrOEE INTO THE BREACH. I have no doubt many of your readers have come to the conclusion that Sniggers lias given up the gho-?t. or made his pile out of " syndicates" and become so proud and independent that he has forgotten his Kapunda friends. No such thing. He is still in the land of liberty. dust, and pers piration, striving to obtain a decent living for himself and Mrs. Snig.. not forgetting the younger Snigs. The truth is. like Mark twain. Sniggers has his periodical visits from theang-lof inspiration, though it " aint in poetry," as Weller, sen., would remark. I think it must he the weather that stirs hi:n up now and then. He's very uini-h Kite a barrel organ—w;tnte winding up before h« puts on a spurt, and—then look oat for squalls. govd! gold 1 I hea r that your respectod editor and Mr. Provis hive been out on a gohl- hunting expedition, and that Kapunda people are likely to b'*eomo millionaires shortly. If they have come across a good claiui, more luck to theui, and may they receive the benefit in full; very shortly, too. Sniggers is very enthusiastic aliont. the Ba.ross.-i goldfieid, notwithstanding he has bit his fingers several times in the past. The great tailure in the past, he says, has been want of capital. Everyone is eager to sell out at a profit, and no one thinks of divi dends—1 hat's not the question. The con sequence is, the last buyer is the sufferer, and eventually- he receives a winding-up dividend ot a penny-faithing for the share that has cost him many pounds. Of course, he sees his folly then, but it has no lasting effect, for lie does the same thing on tht very next opportunity, with the same result. he didn't get it! What a lot of unfortunate beggars there •were iu the St. Alban's lottery! Sniggers of coarse, was in it. He had a drean; every night for three -weeks running, and felt so certain of obtaining the " estate * -and at ^least half- a-dozen - brood mares putting aside a racer or two, that he threw up his work and made every preparatioz for taking possession of the fortune thai didn't eventually turn up. Ho has settlec down since to his ill luck, a more contented if not 8 wiser, man. I have heard it said, if the names of the subscribers were pub lished astonishment would be the order oi the day. . OUB .N£W GOVKBNOR. Our ww Governor was f^rv-eted with r genuine colonial dust flying, blootniug hot \I-iy. P>- - n : r*'. t.o hiir take off his hat and mutter " My colonial!" Perhaps he did. and' it was quite' exbusatye ,even if it ware muttered aside. The "Song'df Australia" -wita simply a. parody rtbp weather. I heard twft poor-anxious3ookin|sr cockatoo, farmers, w}io hg.ve been praying for rain for the last tiro months, and never got it, conversing' together in the crowd. One taid to the other, " Don't look much like scarcity of money, does it ? Just look at all the dresses, and finery, and joolry anions the crowd. Well, I hope that Governor Buxton will alter the ways of them that's cot control of the water meter up above. I 'ear the new Governor is a good man. P'raps we shall have rain now. If we do, God bless him." 