RELIGIOUS SERVICES. ST. KILIAN'S PRO CATHEDRAL.-At 11 o'clock mass yesterday the Rev Father Hogan delivered an excellent address on the sacra ment of penance. Looking over the history of tho world since the GreaUpn, said the rev. gentleman, wo find countless instances of lho undvloc loro God hail borne His .creatures. Greater love’could not be, shown than Ho showed by Hle drae fixiorj, and, the obaroh woro delobValing during vthe previous week wore all. great proofsof Unlove. But a foot to tlio goeptd for that day proved more conclusively God’s love for His orcalures U, ftD any btficrfaet recorded In the scripture*.- Beyond God nsopodod ioto Heaven, Ho looked forward, into the future, and Hoeawtbnt I{, H followers could.not avoid being wrecked on tho rocks of temptation. Ho know His fol-. lowers woro human,,and that they, bed p* B , sirfiiBi Therefore Ho culled 11 is apostle* together,, and Ho gavo tbotn a, power . which tbo angels tlidrosolvea .could not wield, ib 0 power To remit pins .committed after bap. tisin. Tbd saoronponjk Of pbnonee bad well baen compared . .to' a plank after the ship, wreck. By baptism wo obtained,a right and title to heaven, bub, »las, as the years g 0 by, our' passions got the bettor of ds, ond through tbo force.of temptation wo yield to mortal ai n and stain that robd Wo received at tbq baptis, mal font. In order.that wo might regain His love and friendship after having Sullied our bautisinol robe, God instituted,tbq sacrament of penance. But, bias, bow mony thoro were who did not toko advantage, of this .priceless I gift/ Throughout tbo world, wore, swarming I thousands of Catholics,and, oven millions, who believe in confession, 'but yet never take advantage of it to obtain pardon of their sins, Opr sine, no matter how great or how namer oiis, can bo ' remitted by penance. It was heresy, and abominable heresy, to. say a sin was too groat'to be forgiven. Let a man's bands bo stained' with the blood of mony murders, lot blm lie a drunkard or a jobber, if ho approaches tbq sacrament of,, ponanoa with the proper, disposition , rest assured that God will restore to biin the birthright* he, lost'tlirdugh hfs sins. , In con clusion the preacher made an earnest appeal to those who,had neglected their Easter duty to lose no' time in going to confession. Bib lb ChrlwTait, Mo iCenzib Strret. —Tbo anniversary of tbo Christian, Endeavor Society connected with this church..was. celebrated yesterday. Sermons woro delivered in the morning and afternoon by the Rev W. J. Bray ond Mr Tonkin, In the : evening the Rev Mr Trebilcoclc preached . from 8t. Matthew, 21st chapter, versos 28, 29 and 30, He pointed oiit that Jesus was tho teacher of both youog ond old, and that we woro never too young to listen to Him, nor over too old to learn. Every Christian on doavorer was, called to .work .in the Lord's vineyard, called toll life of industry and,not sloth and idleness, for work expanded, the soul and consolidated tho Christian life. The preacher pointed , out that wo owo our con* version under God to tho influence, of others, and therefore it was our duty to carry, do’tbo work for tbo sake of those yot ; in the dark. Our guide bodk was the Bible, and it en joined work ; our pattern was Jesus, and He worked, Tho necessity for work was a call from God, for through their pledge the Christian ondeavorers offered to work for Him. Good intentions . and good resolutions wore alright so for os they wont, bdt'sayiog was not doing. Let them keep pace with their talking. Let them not .have too many big schemes in hand, but db little things and do them well. Lip service was not acceptable to God if it wpnt no farther,.' He enjoined on them not to make too many promises of any sort, but to be content to do : the first that comes. Let them be real and true,and though some of them bad been talking religion all their livoy, lot them resolve -to act up to their pledge. The world bated oan’tj but honesty was loved. Mrs Trebilcock presided at the organ, and Mr R. Gray led-tbo singing, Messrs Edwards,, Trongove. and Mallett acted as instrumentalists. ' All Saikts’,—The Rev E, H. Scott preached last evening before a good congregation. ..The object of bis discourse was to define. Christ’s abiding place during thothrcc days bis body lay in the tomb.. He chose os bis text John 20th chapter, 17th verse, “Touch me. not.” These words spoken by.Christ on the morning of Easter Sunday naturally suggested, said the preacher, the question “ Where was Christ from the Friday of the crucifixion . to Easter Sunday morning?” .The answer might be given in the. words of the creed, “He.de scepdod into bell,” or with greater, hesitation in tho words of the articles “ we believe,He descended.”. Then arose the question what is meant by this .word “boll?" Tbo English word “Bell” corresponds with the Hebrew word “Sbeol” in the Old Testament, and with the Greek word “ Hades” in the Now Testa" moot. Sbeol bad a primary meaning of grave simply, but it bad a secondary moaning, a great cavernous hollow where spirits wore supposed to be kept pending tbe resurrection. Unfortunately, the English word “Hell" cm* braces more than tbe Greek word “Hades.” Tho Jews in that time of our Lord used the word “ 'Gehenna,” which is simply the Greek, form of tbo phrase “ Valley of tbo son of Hinnom." The valley of Hinnom was tbe valley jaat beyond Jeru salem where tbo offal of tbe oity was burnt, and this evenually came to express the Jewish idea sf the state of those .finally impenitent. In addition to this the English word “bolt' 1 is,complicated by nbal the Greek pools have wrought into it from tbe word Tartarus. The English ward therefore covers what the Jew would express by the words Hades and -Gehenna, together with what tbo Greek poet would have expressed from tbo word Tartarus. It is therefore necessary in speaking of Christ’s descent into bell ’ to remember what _ is meant by tbo word boll in an English connection. It simply signifies Sbeol in the Old Testament, Bodes in the now, or in other words,?* the real* ing place of spirits. In this resting place thoro wore two conditions, comfort, and die* comfort; as exemplified . in ..(bo parable of Dives and Lazarus. Tbo condition of .comfort was spoken of by the Jews,as resting on Abra* ham’s-bosom, while the opposite condition simply meant discomfort. 'A second word.pl Persian derivation was also used, which ex pressed a condition of comfort in Hades, meaning a park,, afterwards., called Paradise, Therefore, when Christ said bo. tho thiofoo cross “ this ' day shall thou bp .'.with mb * in Paradise," it signified in a condition pf bpm fort in Hades/ The preacher next referred to a difficult passage in Peter. .1st, chapter, 3rd and 19th versos. Christ crying as. ahorald to the spirits in safe'keeping,, referred, to. iu the highest scholarships. The' gospel! message was for those who came after the finished work of Christ,!b'at to Those in Hades, it was simply a herald that Christ’s work bad been done, that bis mission bad been successful. The message was! in a measure repeated when Christ said to John the Baptist that though greatest born .of woman he was yet less than tho loaiit in (he Kingdom of God. , This was said to cheer the spirits in Hades that the work had hoop . done, Hades was open and death overcome: The answer'to the question where was Christ after bis agony at Qelbsemano and Calvary, was (bat ho pro.* needed lo Hadds proclaiming'to the 1 waiting spirits that His work bad been done ere ascending to His father to send the spirit koown as the Holy Ghost the source of- new life to/inortals. . . ,' ! , -!./ /, y , . ■- < St! Mary’s, Kakoaroo Flat —The Baoday: School anniversary .Vln connection with this church .was celebrated • yesterday.- '.The - Rev. ; Em. H. Bbott officiated. in- tho morning. The* attendance owingtotho weather/ was not large. The . church -was prettily do».‘ ooratpd, and’ special music- was -provided- by thpi,children,, who wore arranged la tiers' on! the platform. They have for months past been studying assiduously under Mrs;. Scott, and yesterday evidenced .the. trouble, taken over -them. The sermon was,for children.., It , was taken from f Deuteronomy, 31st chapter, 12th verso. rho. Rov. J, Garlick conductedthe services in tho evening before a much- larger congregation. Miss Farman presided at tho organ. Baptist Church.—At the morniagsorvioea yesterday tho Rov- Q. A. Weller-'preached from Acts VII.; 59. ~ “And they stoned; Stephen, calling upon God, and, saying Ctord. Jesus receive my spirit;” ' In tho ovenin&Tha; services were conducted by Mr J. Rogers; • Primitive Methodist.—At the Rowan street Church tho Rev Mr ProvanpreaoliQd thb SOrraqn, and administered ThVSaorameht. i rn thboyening the services"were oonductodiby M e _?®pbeh. A t Wado slrqet in the ..aftornaon Ihqrq was a - service, of aong .by-the Rowan , street,;choir, !nml the services -at nighfc were conducted by iha Rev D. Proyan. . AtvB.uoklcy street the-servioos in tho morniag ''wero- - o6n«' - ducted,by Rav Grenfell, and in the evening' by Mr Brown. 1 '---- , ’I*ast night tbo Uov Johh McLaren'pi’OBbhcd ! to- a number, of pbbplo %a /thb Post Office / square, was “Not iovcry ono! lliat saith unlo'Mo; Lord, 1 'Lord! !8hbll ;!entor! the kingdom." Groat and., 'Some waited behind To bb spokcD to.;. ,- 