THE CONDEMNED CELL. The prisoner was the Lwly Charlotte Temple* more, who had been condemned to death for the murder of her haeband. Extraordinary effjrts were being made to hare the sentence commuted, bat eo far without avail, although her interest was excellent, the truth being that Lidy Coarlotte, who was a prond and selfrespecting woman, as well as a handsome one, had her enemies, and numbered amongst them was a most important person to one in her position at the time, whom she had affronted by laughing him to scorn for having ventured to make love to her. People said that her trial had been conducted with indecent haste, and an unfairly early date fixed for her execution, and there was strong feeling about it in the country; but the eve of the fatal day had arrived, and all the concession that the moBt strenuous efforts of her friends had as yet been able to obtain for her was the granting of her one request, that she might not be importuned with kind attentions during her last houre, but left alone in peace in the condemned cell to prepare herself to meet her fate with becoming dignity and resignation. The prison chaplain had spent some tim9 with her during the afternoon. It had been his melancholy offise to prepare her for the worst, and now, aB the day was darkening down, at her express desire be bad risen to go. She had risen, too, pale, but perfectly composed, and courteously responded to the grave salutation he had male her as he withdrew. A warder showed him out and lockel the door, and as she stool there, still in a stately attUude, drawn up to her full height, wfth her white hands folded In front of her, she listened to the grind of the great lcck in its rusty wards, the jingle and clank of the heavy keye as they swung from the warder's girdle, and the fall and echo of Irregular footsteps on the fl igs of the corridor without, until the last falut sound of them bad died In the distance. Then she sank into her chair slowly, like au automaton, and sat still a moment, gszing before her blankly, all conscious life mercllully suspended, but not for long. For all ehe knew, however, it might have been Instants or it might have been hours since the doors closed. Then, involuntarily, thought returned, and there came the inevitable "questioning of sense aud outward thing'," a stammering train at first, but acquir- ing precision rapidly. "Executed to-morrow morning for the murder of my husband," was the first fragment of a sentence that took shape in her mlod. " To be hanged by the neck till I die. Till I die," she slowly repeated to herself. " It Is like s dream, and yet it is more cartaln than anything else in life I ever awaited. I have always kuowo that I must die—been conscious of the fact—but now that I know the when and where and how It does not eeem a bit nearer or more likely than it did wbei I was a little child playing in the sunshine. Executed to-morrow morning. To be hanged by the neck till I die. Ah ! heaven !"—Bhe broke off, wringing her baods with a great convulsive sob—" was I ever a little child ? Born to be hanged ! It is so unlikely an end for my father's daughter, for my husband's wife. I cannot believe it possible even now. I must be dreaming ! But why is the awakening so long delayed?" Again her thoughts haltel, but with an effort she aroused herself a little and looked round the cell. " I used to wonder, when I read of the condemned cell aud prisoners awaiting execution, how they felt. How do they feel ? ' she asked herself. "Dazsd 1 No, I am not d«.Z3d. Afraid? N—no. I have felt more dread of the dentist 1 And I can bear pain. Pain, ye?! But the surroundings 1 The surroundings will be horrible, the ceremony will be degrading. To think of it makes me tarn cold and shiver, my cheeks blanch, my eyes feel sunken in my head, my heart contracts ; but It is not iear. I could sacrifice myself withoat flinching, bat to be executed like a common criminal." She Btarted to her feet. "Oh, glad am 1 to be alone to-night! I shall be calm to-morrow, and no one will ever know—what? ThiB weakness 7 And yet I think it corner of being alone. I have always hsted to be alone. I: is the abomination of desolation that affects me. Bu% see! My step is firm and light, my brain la clear. I could walk to the scaffold as coolly as I walk to that door now." She suited the action to the word, and then turned with a smile on her lips, aud swept a royal curtesy of defiance to the world. " I am health and strength person! fiad,"she pursued when she had recovered her balance. " Nothing disturbs me physically—nothing, at least, but this carious pain at my heart that cornea and goes, and it is nothing. I am young, and beaatiful, as some thlak. I may live for sixty years—I mean," ehe checked herself, and then added sarcastically, " I might have lived. It seems," she sighed," almost a pl'.y." She sauntered wearily back to her chair and sat sideways upon it, d amming on the back tiith her fingers, and lookiog up at the narrow window. A ciock close at hand chimed the quarter, and others followed in the distance at perceptible intervals. "The winter's day is closing in rapidly," she thought, " It will be dark in another hour. Where in the universe shall I be this time to-morrow 1 This time to-morrow I shall koow." She turned to the table beside her and acksd herself, " Shall I light my candle, or Bhall I watch the darkness gather—for the last time ? How strange It seems, the last of everything ! My last day is done. My last nit&t; approaches. My last twilight is here. Ob, the twilights in days gone by i the scented summer twilights—on the lftwo—at home—beside the sea—brothers, I sisters, father, mother—mother !" she repeated with a dry sob that shook her whole frame, and then she bowed her head upon her hands, which were clasped op the back of the chair, aud remained motionless for a time. The silence about her seezhed to deepen with the darkness, but presently it was broken by a faint sound of maBic, which ascendtil from the crowded city and aroused her. Languidly she raised her head to listen. "Music in the streets," she thought. " The lamps are lighted by this time. People are crowding to places of amusement. I, the great lady who Is to be executed to-morrow — the murderess — am doubtless an item of Interest to many; bnt the world gets on as usual nevertheless. Why should they care) Did I ever care when others were here} But how that wretched music brings back the past! I should have been dressing for the evening, or downstairs receiving my friends, or going with my husband to dine elsewhere—my husband, great heaven !" sbe exclaimed. " I bad forgotten. Oh, but surely I may think of him ? He was mine then, the kindest, tenderest, best . . . How lonely it is," she broke cff. " Oh, for the touch of a vanished hand and the souud of a voice" , . . The words ended in a whimper, but no tears came. A dull sound as of hammering muflLd by distance began to be audible In the cell. " How curiously things recur to me," she recommenced. " Scraps of verse, snatches of song . . . I must light my candle. The darkness chills me. What is that hammering V She listened a moment, and then proceeded to tight the wax tapers that had been allowed her. (This done, she folded her arms and leant back in her chair. " Yes, let me think it out," she resumed, claspicg her hands over her heart. " It will ease this terrible ache. It 1; not remorsa. No, I would not have killed him had I been cool. I did it in a moment of frenzy. But,"passionately, "I would rather have him dead a thousa id times than living to my dishonor with her. I loved him. Tee, and I love him still . , . my husbaad, but not my own. The sting is in that. I love him, bat I cannot fo'give him," Sie sprang up with a vehemeut exclamation : " How that hammering distracts me 1 They might have let me be at peace to-night." Again the city clocks began to strike. Sie had been restlessly pacing to and fro, but now she stopped to listen. " Another hour and I have not forgiven him. I must, I must before I die. Oh, my husband, we shall meet to-morrow. Why is my heart so hard ?" Ojco more she returned to the chair, and sat down. Her face was more haggard already than it had been when the chaplain left her, but the momentary excitement soon subdued, leaving her listless. " How did it all happen ? Lit me think." She rested her elbow on the table, and covered her eyes with her hand. " Lit me go through it all again. We were married. No one could have been happier than I was, more devoted, more thoroughly confiding; and no one apparently truer than he. Bat that is why I cannot forgive him ! I thought him trae, and all the time his life was a lie 1 How do I know t Au accident. A thing that can be told in a moment. Ojmlng home from church one night I e%w him in front of me. My heart gave a great glad leap. I hurried after him. He was walking, not in his asual deliberate way, bat as if he were agitated, and when I noticed that my mit d mispave me—I don't know why—and I tailored him withont trying to overtake him A woman met bim. He was passing, bnt she stopped him. I saw her laugh. She turned back with him, and they walked on together talking excitedly, she laughing always. They entered a house, leaving the door i j tr, and I followed them—followed them into a room, and there the woman faced me—in older woman than I am, and handsomer." « Who are you and what do you want ?" Bhe demanded. He turned pale as death. "I followed my husbaud," I answered. "Your husband!" she sneered. " Yts. mine!'' I cried passionately. She laughed, " D >n't you know my prior claims ?' she said. " Prior claims,'' I repeated. " Who are you V " His wife," ahe answered coolly. I looked to him to deny It, but he only hung his heal. " Then what am I? : ' I cried. Hs gave the ghost of a shrug. It was scarcely perceptible, but it was enough. The blood of generations of honored women boiled In my veins. There was a small dagger on the table near me, a j swelled thing, an ornament, but sharp, and sheathlesa —I seizjd it ou the instant—I sprang—I B struck " She had risen to deliver the gesture with all the fury of ungovernable rage, and then she sank into the chair again, holding her hand to her heart aud panting. Momenta of oblivion followed, bnt eventually ehe awoke. She was in court this time, a common criminal standing in the dock, but cool and proud and selfcontained, answering the judge in an off-hand way. " Oh, yes! I killed him. Guilty, my lord. I offer no defence for that." The clocks struck once more, recalling her to the present. " Do I repent ?' ehe asked herself. "Cm I forgive him ! No ! no ! a thousand times no ! He deserved to die." When the reverberation of the belle had ceased the sound of incessant hammering grew more distinct. " What is it ?'' she wondered after an interval of listening. " What are they doing at this time of night ? How terribly impor-1 innate the souad is. It wearies me to death. Is it real hammering, or is it the throb of a pulse in my brain 1 Ah, I know !" she cried aloud. " I- have read it somewhere. There ate prisons whtre you hear them. The scaffold ! They are putting it up." A long pause followed |upoa this, daring which she sat rocking herself to and fro in great mental distress, but this paroxysm passed in turn, and then her thoughts ran on again. " How the hours drag ! I wish it was all over." She looked about her. " How many poor wretches have tenanted this cell 1 I see something scratched on the wall there." She took the candle and went to examine a legend miely cut. " John Smith, may Ooi forgive me." 8h8 read, and ,thea commented bitterly, " A very proper framti of mind, John Smith." " Mary Peters for the murder of mtf child 1 am innocent, May God fotgive you Henry Butter,'' was the next sbe discovered. " Ah, and therebv hangs a tale of the world's justice doubtless," ehe fliid as she passed on, still examining the wall. " Did ehe die, I wotfder ? Poor little Mary Paters. LS.—M.B.—a cross—and I cin't m*ke that, I'm so tired." She took the candle back to the table, and sat down again. " I wonder why they cirved their names on the wall. For the same reason, I suppose, that I have read them. There was a certain interest in the act. Strange bow one's interest survives to the last. I shall ba interested tomorrow in everything." She thought again of her predecessors. " Some of them slept, doubtleas, the night before. I wish I could sleep. I am so tired." She yawned aud looked at the bard prison bed. " It 1b not inviting, and the moment I lie down such a rush of thought besets me 1 I suffer less sitting hero." Her head sank forward on her bosom, her eyes drooped, and sleep was upon her all anawares ; a period of darkness first, bat from that she passed into the shining world of dreams, and there she met her husband, and all the past was bloitrd ou f . Toe pained expression of her face relaxed, and she smiled a happy welcome. " 0, sweetheart! I am so glad you have come I I have been eo anxious —I have had such irighifui dreams. But now that I see you again all that vanishes. A foolish, nervous little wife youeay ? Yes—but, dsriing, I dreamt that you were dead, and— and—there was something"—she grew troubled —"something horrible"—her agitation increased—" Rupert 1 Rupert 1 yon don't look like youraelf. Wny do you groan ? What have I done ? Who are these man 7 What do they want with me ? Tying me !"—Bhe be?an to straggle frantically. "0 -Rupert I 0 my husband ! help me ! save me. They're patting a rope round my neck—they're pulling it tight. Did you say hanging is too merciful ? You are not going to drive nails into my heart!'' With a wild shriek she sprang to her feetj wile awake, and then crouched trembling upon the floor. " What an awfal dream ! My husband standfDg coolly by, watching the wretches strangle me. I was going to thank heaven it WAS only a dream, but to- morrow—to-morrow —oh, I can't die like that," she panted. . . " dragged oat—one woman alone—a crowd of men—their coarse hands — pinioned—blindfolded -— forced forward — body and soul wrenched asunder. No, no, no!" She sprang to her feet and tore at the door, the window, the walls, shrieking in an agony. " Is there no way. of recipe 1 Help ! help 2 help ! Save me; don't let me be dragged forth and tied and tortured." She threw herself down 01 her knees, and appealed to heaven in a frenzy of supplication, " 0 God I take me now—now—now." And then the wild barst was over, aud she fell forward on the fl tor, face downwards j and at the same moment the hammering suddenly ceased. It was some time, however, before ehe recovered herself, but at last she moved, and then rose slowly to her feet. " What a strange ' stillness ! Something has happened. Something is missing—something familiar—some— sound ? Ab, I koow. The hammering. It wearied my brain while it lasted, but now that it has ceased there is a blank, and I am lonelier. Ob, for a kind word, a loving look, —for the toach of a hand. . . No, I do not m^an it. I chose to be alone because the word and look and touch I lovad . . She tried to rouse herself out of tbaV vtin. " Sow cold it ia. Is there nothing I can do ? Write—to whom 1 Read—what ? L?t me see what there is." Sbe went over to a chest that stood in the corner, aud opening it be^an to examine the contents. " Dressss and ornaments. The authorities have bten extremely courteous. Criminals are not usually so indulged. Yet, now I think of it, their dress on h9 occasion is often described. Palmer, the prisoner, was fxuttlessly attired, and wore lavender kid gloveB—the wretch ! Oh, Barely there is an immeasurable distance between him and me ? Bat I will dress, too, as becomes me, whatever the decision. What is there here? Black velvet. Black is appropriate. Mary Queen of Scots wore bleck and crimson. And Mrs, Brownrigg was hanged In black satin. That put it out of fashion for years, and puts black out of the question now, too. * There are criminals and criminals. But let me see. Hare are crimson, aud green, and white besides. R-id for the martyr's blood, green tor the martyr's cto*n, white for the mourning of God . . . I'll wear the white " She proceeded to change her dress. " What a lovely gown 1 fit for a briJal. When I was married my sisters dressed me and our old nutse. Th^y wouldn't let a strange hand touch me. And my mother stood by, half! glad, half sad, all smiles and tears together, waiting to pin my veil and give the finishing toncb—the hangman's task to-morrow. On, *el is it that you died, mother !" She was shaken by another drv, convulsive sob. If only I could weep. Will nothing sol tea me ? Let me try to think." Sae sat down an the side ot the bed. " My young husband, . how his faca brightened when he cime to me ; bow glad he was when I was happy, how sorry when 1 was sad , . . how' fearful when I was suffering . . . how be <prttendedto lc*a me) He love1' She jumped up, overcomeby another burst of rage, and began to walk up and down excitedly. "False J false 1 false )'* she cried, and then stopped, overtaken by a new perception ; "and yet I could have sworn . . . when the child came, when it was firat put into his arms, and he raised the little facQ to his"—imitating the gesture—" that there were tears , . . But bad men weep, and yet I could have sworn be loved the child. And when It died . . . Ob, my God 1 will nothing soften me? My eyes are dry and burning; myheartiscold ; I can neither weep tor pray. All feeling is at an end, Anything but this ! Anything > an agony of remoree 4 rage, fierce rage ; a rush of tenderness ; grief to rend my soul; and a passion of tears to relieve the hell that is in my heart, the horro* of ice that is here." She clasped her hands over her heart. " God faaB forsaken me ( A, wicked Gid 5 I could curse him, curse hiqi, curee him, and die t" Once more the bells began to chime the hour, and the soft, melanclu>ly sound of one close by, reverberating throngh the cell, arrested her attention. She counted the slow strokes, each one of which was fraught with such solemn significance for herself, and in the brief interval while ehe was so occupied her mood entirely changed, heart expanded, a fl)od of tenderer feeling suddenly overcame her, and the rage and hate and bitterness passed from her soul. She did not melt, but the burning sense of wrong forsook her, and, sinking into the hard prison chair which Btood osside the (able, she found herself involute tarily exclaiming in gratitude, "Dear Lord, forgive me !'' There were some letters on the table, and after this Bhe began to turn them over mechanically, looking at them in an absent way at first \ but all at once ehe noticed one in particular. " I wonder how I missed that ? But no great wonder under the circumstatces. I have been indifferent to everything since. . , A strange hand ; a woman'e. I wonder who it can be ! Posted in Lmdon on the 6th, aud this is the 25;b, is it not ? Time flies. What a gorgeous monogram! Too showy. Gold and silver, red, and royal hlue. My o^n initials, too; now that is singular. I wonder who it is from." Site opened It with languid indifference and began to read it; listlessly, at first, and in a dazad sort of way, bat all at once with a glow of emotion. The expression of her face, her whole attitude, changed. She sprang to her feet, waving the letter. She uttered a cry of py. "Not gnilty 1 not guilty!" she cried. He did not know he had wronged me—he did not know—he thoaght she was dead—ehe has written it here, she has -written it herself t 0 my hnsband 1" She threw herself on her knees and clasped her bands. *'i) my God 1 forgive me I" And then at last ehe bunt into a passion of happy tears. "I would not live now If I could," she began to say softly, when she had recovered herself a little. " Ob, no ! I shall go to him. In a little while now we shall be together again ; and he will forgive me, and we Bhall be very happy, and it will be for ever 1 What a wondertnl thought! he and I, and—0 yes, and the baby boy we lost—both, both? What jiy J I can hardly bear the anticipation of it even. Y^. . . a biassed sense of security steals over me. Jast now I thoaght myself forsaken, bnt behold the promise and the pardon. ' I will not leave yon comfortless/ The power to pray returns. I can say Our Father now as I did when I was a little child. How beautiful death is 1 Lord, I am wayworn and weary; give me rest! ' She had risen and now went to the comfortless-looking pallet and composed herself upon it with a gentle expression of content on her haggard and tear-stained face that was very touching. For a little while after she had lain down her slender frame was racked by an occasional convulsive sob ; but she was emiiipg when sho closed her eyes, and so ehe remained. Words, thoughts, images thronged through her mind at first. Bhe heard her husband's voicn. Hs called her to come to bim. She eaw his face. O jce more there was something between them, an obstacle to be overcome with an ff jrt. It was a moment of- painful struggle ; out at last the oblivion of darkness tenderly enfolded her, and then the dawn broke. A rosy dawn. It flooded the bare cell. It irradiated her quiet face. It tinted her bridal gown. All through the night it had been the duty of one of the prison officials to look in upon ber at intervals and report, and alwaya when she heard him comiDg she had assumed her maek of proud tranquility, so that invariably sach report bad " awake, bnt quite calm," u^1" the laBt, which was " sleeping very quietly." At an early hour the bell began to to'l, Bnd sheriff, under sheriffs, governor of the prison, warders, hangman, all the dreadful party assembled with solemn and agitated faces, and entered the cell. "Sbe sleeps soundly," the Sheriff said. " Someone must wake her." AU seemed to shrink from the task, and while they hesitated a breathless meseerger entered, waving a paper. The Sheriff took it from him, and glanced at it. H A reprieve i he exclaimed. " Lady Charlotte ! you are reprieved !'' The Chaplain had been tending over her, and now be looked up: " ¥«» said, "and released. An angel brought her freedom and forgiveness hoars ago." Hor Christmas Day was very sad. Indeed, she callcd it shocking; For she declared that all Bhe had Were corns inside heutccking. 