FLOEAL TRIBUTES. Wreaths and floral emblems, with sympathetic messages, came from the Primate and -Miss Snowden Smith, the English cricketers,. Lord and LadyCar rington. Lord and Lady Hopetoun,- Sir Saul Samuel, Agent-KJenera], Major Generaland Mrs. Hutton, the Ministry, Major-General Hutton and officers Head quarters' Staff, Military Forces, members AuBtralifln Club, Commercial Trarellers* Association, Mr. Boesen, Danish Consulate, Captain Castles, E.N., Mr. A. H^y, officers New. South Wales Artiliery, Chinese citizens of Sydney, Major Walters and officers New South Wales Lancers, Captain Antill and officers New South Wales Mounted Eifle3, Mr. Eugene Blanc, Mr. Barney Allen, Mrs. Pery, the city newsboys, Mr. PonBymaD, the Undcr-SecretarieB, Mr. and Mrs. John Hay, Sir Henry and Lady Norman, the Premier and people of Victoria, Sir Frederick and Lady Darley, the Lieu tenant-Governor of South Australia, Lord GlaBgow (Governor of New Zealand), Mr. Pelldram (German Con sul), Peninsular and Oriental S.S. Com pany, the Mayor of Wagga, Captain Broomfield, Mrs. Simmons; the Mayor, council, and people of Sydnev ; the Mayor of Gouli-nrn, itr. Alfred W. GiUes and. Misa Gilles, Mayor and council of Junee, Mayor and aldermen of Ashfield, Mr. Samuel Lewis (Slayor of Moss Vale) ; Lawn Tennis duty, Moss Tale ; Comber mere Lodge, E.C., Mel! ourne ; president Boag Bong Picnic Eace Club, Moss Vale; Metropolitan Fire brigade Station, head office ; members of the Prince Alfred Yacht Club, East Ormge Council, Mr. R. E. lfarvey (Ma. O;- of VVent«rorth), Mr. D. E. Troughton (poiice magistrate, Moree), Mayor and aldermen of Moree, Worshipful Master and Lodge of Australia, New South Wales Cricket Association, Mayor of Brisbane, the A. J.C. ; Major, aldermen, and citizens of Mel- - bourne ; National Horticultural and Pomological Society, New South Wales; Commander Lindeman and Naval Brigade officers, Miss Ottmann, mem bers of Athenaeum Club, Major Las setter and officers New Sonth Wales Mountad , Eifles, Bowral and Moss Vale Club, Mr. Gilham, Mr. and Mrs. Eignold, Nurse Duffy, Mr. Helps (Government House), Mr. Jeffs (Govern ment llcuse), employees M'Lean Brothers and Eigg, the Premier of South Australia, the bench of magistrates Moree, Mrs. Sim mons, Mr. and Mrs. W. ' A. de Mouncey, Mrs. and Misses Weston, Lieut. and Mr3 Edward Harvey, N.S.W. Eifle Association, Mayor and aldermen ot Balmain, Mr. G. Adams, Lady Paulet and Miss Granville, Eoyal Agricultural Society of New South Wales, the Deputy-Master and staff of the Eoyal Mint, principal of St. Nicholas's College and Mrs. Campbell, council of the Horti cultural Society, Lady Innes, Mr. C. P. Hy man, the Eifle Association of New South Wales, Mrs. and Mis3 Browning, the Scot tish Eifles, Captain Feilding, Sir W, P. ani Lady Manning, Lord and Lady Gormanston, the Sydney Quintet Society, the Sydney Liedertafel, Dr. and Mrs. M'Donagh, Mrs. H. Blackston, officers of the New South Wales Naval Brigade, the Dean of Sydney, Dr. A. Jarvie Hood, the Bathurst Municipal Council. Of the above many were from the estab lishment of Messrs. Searl and Sons, the following being the choicest supplied by this firm : The wreath and cross combined specially cabled for by Lord Carrihgton. This was a very fine piece of floral work, consisting of orchids, early chrysanthe mums, and other choicest flowers and foliage. A crose for Lord and Lady Glasgow (New Zealand) was composed of water-lilies, orchids, and n-any other choice hothouse flowers and foliage; a wreath for Lieu tenant-Governor of South Australia, com posed of similar flowers. A cross for Sir Henry Norman, of Queensland, was also very fine. A cross sent for- Sir Frederick and Lady Darley was conspicuous by having in it a bloom of the dove (or Holy Ghost) orchid, a very, rare flower indeed, together with water lilies and other choice flowers and foliage. The German Consul's was a very fine cross,mounted in exquisite style with the German colors in most beautiful ribbons. The emblems for the Premier and people of Victoria, the Mayor and citizens of Brisbane, the Mayor and citizens of Sydney, and the Premier and people of South Australia were all of very beautiful design. ~ Amongst the floral tributes sent to Government House, and executed by Messrs. Jean and Company, of Hunter street, were magnificent wreaths from the president and committee of the Australian Club, from the deputy-master and officers of ..the Eoyal Mint, from the Eoyal Agricultural Society of New South Wales, and: from, the Scottish Eifles; also from Miss Duff (choice ctobs), from Viscount GormanstonKwreath), from Cap tain Feilding; A.D.C. (wreath), from Mr. Pennyman (handsome cross), from Lady Charles Paulet and Miss Granville (cross), from, Mx. and Mrs. W. J. Browning (wreath), from Lieutenant and Mrs. Ed ward Harvey (wreath), from Mrs. Weston and the Misses Weston (wreath). 