CURRENT NEWS. fle Robert and Lsdy ,Duff and family left Sutlon Forest yesterday for Melbourne. A State School child Imred Hesrbert Maher was occidentally drowned in the flood water at Richmond. It is supposed that not less than 50 tore' of blackberries will be sent to Sydney this season from Bulli. The wharf labourers at Leunceston have protested apainst taking is per hour overtimu and a strike is. on. Ernest Halliday has been committed for trial at Moraya, charged with a criminal assault on a little girl. The continued unsettled weather has completely upset the fruit market, and prices in Sydney are declining. A child named Dickens was scalded to death at Bathurst, having pulled a cop of boiling fat from a tkble. The Mayor of Bingara has declined an offer of assistance fromithe State for the suf ferers by the recent floods. During the floods at Bingara a man name unknown, was drowned when endeavouring to cross the Horton River. The shaseholders of the Manty Co-opera tive Steam Ferry Company have resolved to increase the capital by theiscue of l5,00, £1 shares. At Wollongong Mr. Carruthers, referring to the Land Bill, said he trusted the measure would not receive opposition, but soon be come law. The Sydney banks' clearings for the first month of 1895 show a reduction of about l1,O0t5,000, or 11 per cent., as compared with the like period in 1894. Mr; Carruthors, referring at Wollongong to the timber trade, mentioned that the streets of Mareilles, France, were now being paved with Australian wood. The population of New SouthWales at the end of 1894 was 1,2t1,450, comprising 672,950 males and 578;500 females, an increase of 28,080 on 1890. Speaking at Wyalong, the Minister for Mines said that he intended to introduce a bill next session to amend the law relating to mining on private property. The aldermen of the Glebe (Sydney) and the officers of the council recently entertained the Mayor, Alderman W. A. Hutchison, at a picnic on the Hawkesbury River. Several sailors in port got on the "ram- page" on Wednesday, and stirred. up the disorderly element considerably. They got salutary punishment next day. The first meeting of the New South Wales branch of the British Astronomical Associa- tion was held in Sydney the other night, Mr. John Tebbutt being elected president. Two sailors were yesterday sent to Mait- land Gaol for 14 days, with hard labour, for wilful disobedience of lawful commands on board the ship Drumcraig, now in port. We have received the latest number of the Australian "Bee Bulletin." As usual, the little journal contains a large fund of in- teresting and valuable information regarding the apiary. H.M.S. Pylades, the vessel ordered to replace the Curaeoa, has arrived at Thursday Island. The Waterwitch, a surveying ship for the Australian station, has arrived at Capetown. An Indian was frightfully burned at Carr's Creek, Clarence River, through a lighted kerosene lamp falling over him and bursting. He was removed to the hospital, where he died. Ten culprits, whose offences comprised a dozen charges, were disposed of at the New- castle Police Court yesterday, when some sharp penalties were inflicted for riotous con- duct and using indecent language. Mrs. Whitely, of South Forbes, had a narrow escape from being burned to death while washing, as her dress caught fire. Her daughter and a neighbour wrapped her in a blanket, thus extinguishing the flames. A miner named Thomas Watson was so severely injured by a fall of top in the New castle Company's B Pit yesterday that he died shortly afterwards; his mate, James Curry, being also injured, but not seriously. At a meeting of members of the Sydney Chamber of Commerce a motion was adopted expressing the satisfaction felt by the com- munity at the decision of Mr. E. M. G. Eddy to enter upon a fresh tenure of office as Chief Commissioner of the New South Wales railways. We have received from "Fair Flay" an adjudication on the chief choral competition at the last Eisteddfod. The official adjudi- cation, however, has already been given and the prize paid, consequently there is no use in publishing another opinion on a matter finished and done with. At the Quarter Sessions, Inverell, Alan Thorlay was charged with passing two value- less cheques at Warialda during the races. After a hearing of five hours the jury were locked up till midnight, and then could not agree, and were discharged in the morning, accusod being released on bail to appear again. The other day a man visited Burns's Cottage, and impressively remarked to the custodian, in view of the visit of the Glasgow Ballad Club, that " on Saturday there were 20 poets coming from Glasgow to see the cottage." "Hoots, that's nothing," said the custodian, "I've 35 plumbers comin' frae Coatbridge." At a meeting of the Petersham and Dis trict Ministerial Asseaiation, the Sunday sitting of the conference of the Labour Electoral League was referrol to, and a sesolution, passed deploring Sunday gather ings. A hope was expressed that Christian men would raise their protest against a repetition of the proeeeding in future. At the annual meeting of the Parramatta Benevolent Seciety Archdeacon Gunther in referring to the work of the society said he confessed he could not understand how in so prosperous a country theroshould be so many poor people. He was very much afraid they were breading a pauper class, such as they saw in London and in other large old-world centres. On the Newcastle beach yesterday morning there was a belt of snow-white foam about three feet in depth outside high-water mark. Some of it was caught by the strong easterly wind and blown into the city. Large flakes were dropped into the courthouse grounds and adjacent areas, and made observers at first think some extraordinary fall of snow was taking place. The Government Veterinary Surgeon has made an examination of the Albury district in connection with ilhs recent loss of sheep from an unknown disease. He found that a large number of sheep had died from a diseases having the appearance of anthrax, as it attacked the fattest ard best sheep, which on being disturbed fell down dead after run ning a shert distance. At about 10 o'clock yesterday morning George Johns, a lumper, while engaged in helping to'load wool on the ship Pericles, at the Queen's Wharf, met with severe injuries. He was standing beneath the hatch, waiting to receive a bale of wool which was being lowered, wben it fell on him, inflicting a comminuted fracture of his right leg. He was taken to the Newcastle Hospital and treated, but it will probably be a week before his condition will be good enough to admit of his departure from the institution. We have received a letter from Mr. William Patrick, of Greta, with reference to the evidence given by him in the police court case heard last Saturday. What Mr. Patrick wants to emphasize is that he did not, as stated by Tapley, use the words, "What are you two - skunke doing here ?" Mr. Patrick said that when asked the question whether he had used these words, he replied that he had not, and that it was years sales he had used any such words. With reference to his so-called stubbornness in refusing to answer a question regarding a person not before the Court, and in no way connected with the case, Mr. Patrick says that in the end the Beech, by the mouth of Dr. Walker, fully justified him isa the course he hbal taken. Mr. Paul Ferris gave a very successful conjuring and "anti-spiritualistic" display before a number of invited friends at the Masonic Hall, last night. For the past two nights the incandescent electric lights in High and Terrace streets have not been seen. Perhaps the council's' officers will see that the cause of the defect is found to-day, and remedied. After his mare, Countees, won the Welter' at Randwick on Saturday, Mr. E. A. M. Mferewether tripped en the staircaec on the members' stand and, as a result, broke the small bone of his arm. In is few days, how ever, ho will be about rgain. Richard Francis Gil), who pleaded guilty cn the Darlinghurst Quarter Ser ions to ille gully panning certain sz-ical instruments, and' in whcee case Acting-Judge Rogers de ferrd- passing sentence for further informa tion with regard to the trisoner, against whom other charges were withdrawn, was awarded 1,6' months' imprisonment, with hard labour. A young man named John GOrtmt met with an accident about a week ago at the Ducken field Colliery, by which one of his hands got badly injured while shunting waggons. He was attended to by Drs. Nash and OGy for some time, when it was found necessary to send him to Wallsend Hospital, as symptoms of lockjaw had set in. He is still "is that institution, and it is reported that he- is re covering and can- open hie mouth to edmit of taking food, although he is in a very' weak state. It is hoped he will pull through before long. To-morrow night the building which 'was known some time back as the Alhambra Musie Hall, situated hn Charlton- strect, nuer the Brewery, Newcastle West, will be re opened, under the title of the Oxford Musisc Hall Messrs. Edwin Shipp and JI O'Donnell combine with Mr Dan Tracoy uS promising a large and high-class body of artistes, and announce that they will present nothing but what will be acceptable novelties. The names of these gantlemen should be a sufficient guarantee ag'net anything else. Themt will be only two prices, viz., Is and Gd.. There was a good attendance of seamen, apprentices, officers, and' workers at the social and concert in the- Carrington Sea men's Bethel on Tuesday night. The Rev. R. M. Bowles, chaplain, occupied the chair, and' gove a short address on " Mission Work Among Seamen." The following programme was then submitted :-" Overture," Miss M. Bennett ; " Trust a Friend," Mr. R. Ander non; " A soldier and a man," Mr. J. Lewis; " No, Dir," Mr. J. Waugh'; "Buyyour own cherrios,"C Miss Heatherington; Horatius defending the bridge," Mr. Bowles; "Yes terday," Miss Johns; "The rod, white and blue," Mr. R. Anderson.;. "The Rose of Texas"' Mr. Mr. M'Dougall:;: " The Pilot," Mr. J'. Waugh; Mrs. Bollard, " A piano solo; "Sherlock Holmes' Ghost," Mr. F. Tagg.;. "'Mary Queen of Scets," Mr. S. M Dewles; "-Long years ago," Miss Johns; "The Death of Nelson,"' Mn- R. Anderson; " True, true till death," Mr. W. Dunlop ; "Violin solo with variations," Mr. J. Sutherland; " Half-past nine;" Mr. G. Harvey. All- the items were veell received, several being encored. The ehoirman bade farewell to all' leaving port this week, and as his words applied to nearly all in the room, the parting hymn, " God be with you till we sne-at again," was sung with.evident feeling. A' mass meeting of the unemployed will be held at Lambton Park to-morrow afternoon, at 2 o'clock. Practice and special meeting of the New castle Liedertafel will be hold to morrow (Saturday) night. The. Fobruory number of' the Excelsior Pocket Diary has been issued, and contains the new railway time tables and other late matter, &e.; Mesars. 1. A. Fraser and Co. will sell by auction, at their rooms, household furniture and effects. This afternoon, at his yards, Mr. Geo. T. Edw.rd& will sell by auction, horses, vehicles, harness, milch cows, and springers. Mesars. Creer and Berkeley will sell by auction, this morning, on the premises, Hunter-street West, the working plant and atock-in-trade of a plumber and gasfitter; and during the afternoon, at their rooms, a stoek of mercory, clothing, cutlery, &c.;, will be offered. 