NOTES AND COMMENTS. There seems to be a general consensus of opinion that Lord Hampden will be able to stand erect under the difficult and trying duties that will needs devolve upon him as representative of Her Majesty in S}'dney. So all the newspapers have written ; and though they did not think it necessary to inform the general public as to the nature or the painfully severe duties incidental to Government House, we are prepared to admit that they exist, and with the rest of the colony we rejoice that we have a Governor that will be capable of fulfilling them. It does not matter the least that had anyone else come instead of Viscount Hampden he would have received the same addresses of welcome, the people would have waxed en thusiastic about him in the same measure, and our venerable daily newspapers would have allayed our anxiety by the consoling assurance that Iip, too, would be fully equal to the trying and onerous duties of his high office. We never yet heard of a new Gover nor that wasn't fully equal to all this. How ever, there are difficulties, and grave ones, besetting the path of Lord Hampden, and the Star, as the organ of enlightened demo cracy, was the first, in a strong leader the day after his arrival, to point out to him the revolutionary and violent change that he must forthwith effect in Government House entertainments if his stay among us is to be either useful or agreeable. Departing from its traditional Protectionist policy, the Star insists on absolute, unrestricted Freetrade in consuming the new Governor's champagnes, soups and ice-creams, and those other luxuries that were formerly considered as ordained by nature exclusively for the refined taste and cultured stomachs of -'society.' There are to be no particular 'sets' or 'rings' as heretofore to participate in the blessings of vice-regal culinary ; but he must be truly the father of his people, and he must allow all of us without exception the opportunity of showing our filial affection by drinking health and prosperity to him at his own table. It is certainly a lofty ideal to place before a wearied public man, but if he falls below it he will outrage democracy as voiced in the Star, and he will be a wreck and a failure in the land. v That the ever-increasing, size of the British Empire is rendering its government more complicated, and is daily taxing to the utmqst the energies and ability of England's greatest statesmen, is a matter so evident that we don't claim any particular merit for having discovered it. There are troubles in Africa, and difficulties, like the Ghost of Macbeth, will not be allayed in Egypt. There is a regular standing army of complications in Armenia, and the spectre of Russian develop ment is constantly Jooking.in over the wooden walls of the Great Island nation, and, like Edgar Allan Poe's solemn raven perched on the bust above the door, seems to have its beak fixed in Lord Salisbury's very heart. Then there are all the worries that the colo nies are causing to the Home Government — our slowness, for example, in contributing a few millions annually to Imperial defence, a problem to find a solution of which Mr. Chamberlain, a late cable tells us, is anxiously 'pondering.' Besides, Pacific cables and new lines of steamboats, and the other numberless ramifications of silken bonds that keep the outskirts of the Empire pul sating in harmony with its central life, have to be constantly woven and renewed, like the silkworm out of the very bowels of our Goschens and Balfours, our Roseberys and Harcourts. Still, it would seem as if Imperial administrative power is but finite, and that to move the machinery of the entire Empire on some questions is impossible. At least, this is the experience of Mr. J. F. Hogan, M.P. By great diplomacy and untiring ingenuity he has bent the Home Office to his will in the matter of a pension to Mrs. Marcus Clarke. This was only half his work, however. To manage the Victorian Government is a more difficult affair, and seems to elude the powers of Mr. J. F. ; £50 a year he cannot induce that supine body to give, nor can he bring it into touch with his Imperial views on this matter. In a letter to the Age he has accordingly recorded his just contempt for the city of departed pros perity. ' I have been,' he says, ' a good deal in both hemispheres, and I honestly say that in all my experience I have never been in a more money -grubbing city than Mel bourne or a community with such a low and inadequate conception of what they owe to the encouragement of literature, science, and art.' If this does not induce Melbourne to support his Imperial scheme of a pension for Mrs. Clarke, whose husband wrote a novel, it is evidently lost to all sense of decency, and is fast getting out of touch with the Empire. * It is simply appalling to notice the serene philosophic contempt with which gentlemen of secularising tendencies look down from the proud eminence of politics and dissecting rooms, or comic opera and music halls, or again from the refining influences of three penny bars, on the efforts of the Pope and the world's leading bishops to reunite Chris tendom. It is one of these difficult questions on which stolid ignorance can strive to be smart and witty, or at least about which it can repeat a few of the hackneyed phrases about religion enunciated by Voltaire and handed on by infidelity since with reverent admiration from father to son. The good nature and kindly spirit of these people is on a level with their superior intellectual light, and even to the feeble-minded supporters of religion they do not disdain to offer counsel and advice. The Australian Star on last Saturday devoted its leading columns to a philanthropic work of this nature, and ex patiated freely on the folly and inutility of seeking a union of the Churches on the basis of common belief. The world, it deigns to tell us, wants to know nothing about the supernatural or about faith. This is perfectly true, but, alas ! for the originality of the Star's leader writer, the same thing is fre quently stated in the Bible! Its conclusion, though, is not found in the Bible: that the Church ought to particularly trouble itself about pleasing the world in any sense. Its common platitude about the alarming increase of poverty, and that all religions would find plenty of work in improving men's social condition, instead of troubling people^ about another life, but shows that it has not the remotest idea of the nature or mission of the Church. It cares for the poor, not like secularism ; it brings them consolation in the sorrows that heartless irreligion pours so plentifully upon them ; it opens asylums to receive them ; its ministers and nuns visit them and speak to them almost forgotten words of sympathy and kindness ; but it does all this solely on account of its supernatural life. Take away this and the Church and the secular Press would do about the same amount of good. # ? * We have at last reached the end of the Armenian difficulty, not that the massacres have ceased, not that daily among that terribly unfortunate race are not being acted scenes of cruelty and deeds of horror that leave nothing to the imagination, and that no pen could hope to adequately pour tray. Nor have the Armenian atrocities ceased to engage the attention of the states men, the philosophers, the reviewers,1 the essayists, the caricaturists of Europe — the home, or reputed home, of Justice and Freedom — wherein the ethical sense of humanity is, we hear betimes, wonderfully developed, wherein chivalry, honour, nobility of thought and sentiment have for centuries reigned over millions of admiring subjects, simply because there is the remotest shadow of their diminution or discontinuation. No, nothing of the sort. It happened in this way : The Patriarchal Sultan, the Father of his people, heard somehow or other that there were dissatisfied people in lands said to be civilised, and that they were urging on their respective Governments to step in and inter fere with the traditional and cherished pastimes of himself and the grand magnates of Turkey. That for hunting, and stabbing, and generally slaughtering Armenians, they should substitute ' cycling,' cricket, parks and band promenades, musical evenings, polite conversation, and the other various simple means that Europeans have adopted for unbending after the more stern duties of life. Realising to the full the dreadfully revolutionary nature of the proposal, and, as a deep student of history, knowing how dangerous it is for rulers to interfere with the traditional amusements of a people — knowing with what tenacity the Spaniards cling to their bull-fights, and how, even in Imperial Rome, the hold of the august Caesars on the affections of the masters of the world was in exact proportion to the number of Christians and slaves they were able to secure for periodical destruction in the Coliseum, he had recourse to the won derful expedient, sanctioned by the example of all great rulers, of discussion and con ference and boundless promise, with a view to compromise. He has written, therefore, to the Governments of each European state that he will, as soon as he feels disposed, call round and pay each of them a friendly visit, and, over a few bottles of champagne, discuss in a philosophic way the meddlesome, foolish, unreasonable disposition of those, calling themselves philanthropists and philosophers, who speak and write about Armenian liberty. Russia is delighted at the great Sultan's kind condescension, France is ditto, England and Germany won't be outdone in generosity. He will tour Europe, and will be the centre of admiring throngs of ladies in palaces of elegant refinement, and will be stared at by the ' madding crowd,' will be feasted and flattered, and fed like an alderman. While all these beautiful scenes will be enacting, the silent flow of Armenians' blood will be watering perenially the un happy land that gave them birth. V The kind and gentle-hearted Goldsmith, pondering on the miseries of his native land, and witnessing the gradual extinction, under landlord tyranny, of the stalwart sons, and the noble- hearted daughters of Erin, re corded his contempt for the political economy that would substitute sheep-runs and bullock pastures for the simple happy homes of in dustrious peasants, in the sad lines, c- 111 faros the land to hastening ills a prey Whore wealth accumulates and men decay.' Would that some Goldsmith, some poet, or seer, or prophet were to arise in Australia, and burn up with the light of truth and the fire of genius the rubbish and rottenness of our rapidly corrupting society, There are strong men in Australia idle and hungry, and sinking daily down the deep gulf of loss of self-respect and the spirit of manly enterprise that idleness and hunger keep ever yawning widely beneath their feet. There are the wives and daughters of Australians toiling unceasingly to the sad refrain of Tom Hood's dreadful song, for a miserable existence. Many of our industries are paralysed, and the drought has seriously diminished our agricultural prospects. We have, beside all this, one flourishing institution — to wit the Divorce Court. There is no retrenchment there, no sign of stagnation. Whatever may be dispensed with in the public service, the President of the Divorce Court still holds high carnival, and daily gives ' decrees nisi,' and makes rules ' absolute,' with the regu larity, precision, and despatch with which the enlightened Turks murder the Armenians. Like to Tennyson's philosophic ' Brook,' Judge Windeyer may laugh at the uncertain occupations of others. Premiers may rise and fall — cricket may have to yield to the bike in public importance — in fact : Men may come, and men may go, But he goes on forever. With this woeful institution flourishing in the land, Australia can advance but to utter confusion and dark ruin. The mutability of the public taste is a subject which, though often discussed, is yet always new, fresh, sparkling, instructive, full of pathos, like to the great heart of humanity itself, of which it is but the external mani festation. Often have we been told, in the words of Shakespeare, ' to put not our trust in princes,' or, again, frequently has the mushroom nature of public esteem been im pressed upon us by the reply of Alexander VI. to his son, who called his attention to the inhabitants of a town that he had con quered, who were busily engaged demolish ing a statue of one of the Orsini, his defeated enemies, that on its pedestal they might erect his own : ' You see,' he said, ' but the small difference between a statue and a gibbet.' Men seem to have changed but little since then, and the hero of one moment is the object of universal execration the next. For the present, ' cycling ' is the one thing worth living for. The two-wheeled machine has become all on a sudden an object of univer sal attention and admiration. It is a wand of power, a sceptre of greatness and glory. It awakes generous emotions in callous hearts and causes the flush of healthy excite ment to diffuse itself over care-worn cheeks. Its dominion is world-wide, and over all the magnates of the earth in pride of place, and in the loyal devotion of men stands the great king, the hero of many battles, the crowned of many laurels — the wonderful Zimmerman. What J. L. Sullivan was when — what the German metaphysicians call the time-spirit of the age — he was boxing ; what Dr. Grace was a few months ago when the world's imagination was under the potent spell of cricket ; what Wellington was at Waterloo when men paid the homage of their admira tion to military greatness ; what Mrs. Annie Besant was when people thought that spiritualism wasn't an entirely miserable fraud — all that is now the lord of the hour, the incomparable Zimmerman. How long, of course, his reign is to last no one can, with absolute certainty, predict, but seeing that the Russians are remaining inactive and not coming, as we duly expected, to rain death and destruction on us, the ' bike ' seems to have a good show for at least three or four months. In that time, what possi bilities of fortune and greatness are before those connected with it ? The 'bike' manu facturers will rise to be a power among the nations. Like the ' Guinesses,' of 'beer' celebrity, they will be decorated, knighted, and generally recognised as potent factors in commercial stability, and in the onward march of progress and civilization. They will be able to make and unmake Govern ments, to change Cabinets, and perform those other imposing feats so interesting to the crowd in which persons of their importance generally delight. The democratic spirit of the age, however, is shown in the rapidity with which we elect new rulers, and Zimmer man and the ' bike ' must soon go. Our readers will recollect that in our issue of the 1 6th inst. we commented rather severely on what we believed were principles enun ciated in the Court by Judge Murray in regard to the moral aspect of drunkenness. We strove to show that such principles were false, and that if they were applied to drunkards that they should also be made the standard by which we should treat all other criminals. In other words, that our gaols should be abolished, and that none should be punished for any act, no matter of how heinous a nature, that he might commit, for in doing it he was but the blind instrument of blind necessity. We have since been most pleased to learn from reliable authority that the report of the distinguished Judge's re marks as given in the daily papers was an entirely garbled one, and conveyed anything but his correct meaning. None is more op posed to drunkenness than he, and none more severely censures the reckless conduct of those whose disregard of religion and decency and open violation of the laws of God lead them step by step into the dread abyss of habitual intoxication. We are glad to avail ourselves of this opportunity of publicly correcting any false impressions that our remarks may have caused in reference to the learned Judge. While the principles that we indicated remain perfectly unassail able, we wish to remove any implication that even in his views he is opposed to them. In fact, on this question he is even more earnest than ourselves, and in support of religious and moral responsibility devotes a zeal, a learning, and an ability that we can warmly admre but cannot hope to emulate. We regret' that we should have been, from an incorrect newspaper report, led to attribute to him views that he abhors — all the more from the fact that he is as exemplary and earnest as a Christian as he is fair-minded and distinguished as a Judge, and that differ ence of belief does not hinder him from admiring and generously supporting every Catholic work. * The Very Rev. Prior Vaughan is still in Australia. As our readers are aware, he is collecting funds for the poor of England, and, though many may doubt of the alternate success of his plans to raise the submerged, yet the object of his mission is decidedly a praiseworthy one, and his efforts merit our esteem. It would be well, however, if he would confine himself to dealing with the social and economic conditions of his native land, and leave us to grapple with our own difficulties. It is so easy at a lecture to regulate the world's affairs, and to make everyone prosperous, contented, and happy, that we are not surprised that the Prior now and again indulges in the harmless amuse ment. That he should think it, at a recent speech that he delivered in Uralla, a novel piece of information to impart to us that none should starve in Australia, shows how inno cent he is of the real state of affairs in this country. Theoretically, no one should starve anywhere, and there should be no ' submerged tenth' in England ; but practically, unfortu nately, people do starve here as everywhere else, and there is a submerged tenth in the very heart of the British nation. The Prior's assertion that honest, intelligent, industrious, sober men can find abundance of work in this country is solely a matter of pure rhetoric. We have plenty of industrious and sober men living in enforced idleness among us, while» on the contrary, we have several who are neither intelligent, nor industrious, nor sober in comfortable and respectable positions. If the Prior is to successfully carry out any scheme of elevating the masses, he ought to first try to discover the simple, commonplace elements of earthly existence. In the race of life it is not the virtuous or the honest that secures the prize ; the man of unscrupulous character and of utter heartlessness is found most generally in the high places of society. The. Prior's doctrine implies that all the poor and unemployed of Australia are either drunkards, rogues, or fools, and, of course, such a conclusion is utterly false ; therefore,, his principles require correction, The speech of Mr. Justin McCarthy at the Bristol banquet, a portion of which we pub lish elsewhere, is praiseworthy on account of its tone of moderation and courtesy, at a time when less experienced men would think they were advancing the cause of Home Rule and manifesting a splendid spirit of lofty patriotism by indulging in heated per sonalities, and by showering unsparing abuse on those who differed from them. Mr. McCarthy deplores dissensions, but he does not style the dissentients knaves, cowards, traitors, curs, or those various other indeli cate epithets that the different parties, or sections of parties, at home so freely and generously bestow on one another. We would wish, for the credit of our countrymen, that more Irish politicians would follow his example in this respect. Making due allow ance for warm Celtic blood, and the over weening desire of Irishmen to never appear defeated, there is still no excuse for the intense earnestness with which so many Irish Nationalists strive to ruin one another's public character and position. Mr. McCarthy admits the undoubted ability of Mr. Healy, and pays adequate tribute to the great ser vices that he has rendered to the Irish cause. If Mr. Dillon and Mr. O'Brien were to adopt the same tone in their public speeches in reference to those Irishmen who differ from them, a basis of mutual agreement and com mon understanding would soon be arrived at. In the thick of the affray at home, and in the heat of warm discussion, the limits of propriety and prudence may be easily over stepped, but that in this country we should echo the extravagant views and personal recriminations of any of the combatants is simply unjustifiable. Some of the Irish Australian newspapers of last week displayed an utter want of prudence or of common sense in their virulent, stupid abuse of Mr. Tim Healy. Whatever m y be his faults, or whatever the measure of his crime in holding his own views as to Irish policy, he is still an able, distinguished Irishman — a man whose vigorous force of character and clear intellect have rendered splendid service to the Home Rule cause. # * * We have had an ideal Parliament for the last few days. The conference between the Houses has afforded members an oppor tunity for reflection, and induced them to cease their usual word-manufacturing. The output of speech has been consequently at zero. We subjoin a report of the proceeding in the Assembly for one day, as taken from one of our morning papers : — The Speaker took the chair at 4.5 o'clock, and stated that the sitting would be suspended in con sequence of no agreement having been arrived at by the conference. He inquired from the leader of the House at what time the deliberations of the confer once were likely to be concluded. Mr. Kkid replied that they could not be finished before .1.0 p.m. The Speaker therefore intimated that he would not resume the chair before that hour. At 10.45 p.m. the Speaker resumed the chair. Mr. E,isi.d said : I have to report that the managers of the conference have not as yet concluded their labours, but we hope to do so to-morrow night, and I Avould suggest that you should take the chair at 4.45 p.in.j and then the House should be asked to adjourn until ten o'clock, and by that time we hope to have arrived at an agreement. Mr. 0' Sullivan : Why thus prolong the agony? Mr. Reid : It is prolonging the agony for you, I think. The Speaker then left the chair at 10.50 p.m. This is certainly beautiful in its brevity and simplicity, and recalls the best days of the greatest men in dealing with public affairs with decision and promptitude. The Hansard staff must be eagerly praying that the Con ferences between the two Houses may become a lasting and permanent institution in our midst. A long-suffering country will also earnestly hope that the conducting of public affairs in camera, without admitting reporters or publishing details of the speeches and abuse, will commend itself to the good sense ol our public men, and that the columns of our morning papers, like to those of the Herald on Wednesday, instead of the usual Parliamentary reports, will be filled with interesting clippings from the leading English daily papers. There will be no temptation then for members to weary their lungs in long declamation that will never be heard outside the precincts of Parliament, and whatever ability the}' have they may conse quently be induced to devote to useful legislation. # The great success of the ' conversazione ' tendered to the Heirarchy of Australia, on last Monday evening, may be regarded as marking an epoch in the religious and social life of the colon}'. Time was when Catho licism was regarded with fear and suspicion by influential bigotry in Australia, and when an assembly of its Bishops met to advance its interests and to strengthen its organisa tion would receive severe censure, and would excite angry and ill-disguised feelings of resentment in numbers of well-meaning non Catholics whose fear and dread of the Pope was far in excess of their strength of intel lect or of their supply of commonsense. These days are happily gone. Bigotry, if it still exists in Australia, cannot show itself in the light of day, and must seek an obscure existence far removed from the searching glance of public opinion. To honor the Cardinal and the Bishops of Australia, and in their person to honor the religion and the moral force of which they are the represen tatives and custodians, there assembled in the Town Hall, at the invitation of the Catholic laity, of Sydney, the chief citizens of our city, of every denomination and shade of religious belief. It was a splendid testi mony to the attractive power of Catholicity, and to its efficacy in overcoming opposition and in making itself felt as one of the great factors in repelling the elements of social dis order, and in securing the consolidation and welfare of the State. The high prestige that we enjoy, of course, is mainly due to the self-sacrificing, untiring labors of our bishops and clergy, and to the wondrous spirit of faith and generosity of our people. Continuing in the same path of silent, ear nest work and determined effort, we shall easily solve the difficulty of Christian Re Union in the land. We shall have here but one Church and one Faith in this new country — the true Church of Christ. *#* One need not be over-imaginative or too much given to day-dreaming, as, during this week, the long-desired end of the drought came in a copious downpour of rain. To echo the sentiment of Longfellow, tenderest poet, and gentlest child of Nature — How beautiful is the rain After the dust and heat In the broad and fiery street, In the narrow lane— How beautiful is the rain ! To the agricultural classes it must have come as a vision of loveliest splendour and beauty, the realisation of a long-cherished hope of relief from anguish and misery. Torrents of eloquence have been showered from the inex haustible human reservoirs of both Houses of Parliament recently on their unhappy heads. The theories of all political econo mists and social reformers have been dis cussed and aired for their general benefit — the patriotism of Australians has been stirred to its depths to save them from Russian invasion and from Reid's legislation ; but notwithstanding it all, their crops would not grow, nor would their stock live without natural weather, nor could the tears of Dr. Maclaurin compensate them for the loss of more genuine and widespread moisture. While parties were wrangling about their interests, and over their broken spirits and prostrate bodies were engaged on that cheer ful and rational pastime of making 'history,' signs and sounds of gladness come to them ; and, lo! — Near at hand From under the sheltering trees The former sees His pastures and his fields of grain, As they bend their tops To the numberless beating drops Of the incessant rain. And with grateful heart each farmer thanks Heaven that Parliament is not the sole power in the universe. 