This Morning's Gallops. The courso proper wob thrown open, and all tho fast work was dono horo. Splondido, who only wont three parts' paco, worked on tho inside, and wub followed by Barmun, who did j similar work. Dalnnir rim a, milo in 1 mill. 52£ sees., and Noud's other Derby candidate, Montana, ran the Derby courso in 2 mins. 60 sees. Soldan and Avonue did. good work, the latter running.his last milo in 1 mm. 57 sees. Goldenspray sprinted at tho end of her work, and was followed by Bubol, who negotiated the once round in 1 min. 48 sees. Humbert did useful work, finishing fast, and Wurwick eclipsed all his previous track performances by running it mile in 1 min. 48 J sees. Littio Amy, Advance, nnd Yelvertou did useful work, and Irish Stow smothered Calendar over it milo in 1 min. 62 sees. Kathleen ran a milo in 1 min. 65 sees., and Memory, who will run well in tlio Brisbane Handicap, pnt 8 furlongs behind in 1 min. 21 J sees. The King and Rcdmark finished thoir work by ruoing homo a quarter of u milo, and. Newbofd was contont to go by himself at three-, quarter pace. Clythe lost Remus over a milo, registering I min. 51 sees., the first half of .whioh was dono in 55 sees., hnd the 6 furlongs in 1 min. 23 seconds. Franco and Fred started togothor for a milo ran, nnd were picked up between the 7 and 6 furlong pests by Lady Marion. The quarter-mile post wus pussod in 1 min. 20 sect., nud tho full milo in 1 min. 47J soos., France boing aU ont. Fred was beaten soveral longths. Strombo went at a good pace, 'and tho two hurdlo horses, Norman nnd Mignonette, went good working gallops. The Soamp yaa pulling ovor Philomel in an even timo gullop, and My Spec gave up tho ghost shortly after starting in a S-furlong burst with Wildfire. Tornado ran a mile and a-hnlf by himself in 2 mins. 48 sees, tho first milo taking 1 min. 52 socs. This for a bod worker must bo accounted a good gallop. . Capristn ran tbo la-t 4 of 5 furlongs in 53 sees. Sir Hugh, with his shoes ' off, boat. Quick Maroli with them ouovcrofuriougs, and Lady Lyiino ran 5 furlongs in 1 min. 10 soos. Mr. M'Gill's two youngstels, North Australian and Gulway, ran 6 furlongs in 1 min. 7 sees., North Australian outting it, und finishing on the extreme edge of the course: 