SUNDAY READING. 'Tj£? L0VE BEHIND SERVICE. [By Rev/J^... E-. ?A^TLETT' M'A'] Preached in "WbJt.m™ster -A-bb^y " The Pharisees, when they hes» . J? ™-■P.®? P"1 the Sadducees to silence, gathered r>» - T?f,,, ' gether. And one of them, a lawyer,, as&v;, question, tempting Him, Master, which is the^ _ commandment in the law? And He said 'unto iiiiu," Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and -with all thy mind.' Thin is the great and first commandment. And a second like unto it is. this, Thou shalt love thy neighbor a? thyself. ' On these two commandments hangetb the whole law, and the prophets."—Matt. xxii. 34-10. In order to understand the object of this lawyer, or scribe, as St. Mark cadis him, in asking this question of our Lord, we must try for a moment to put ourselves in his position. It has been observed that the Jewish nation, who before the Babylonian captivity had been very apt to adopt the idolatrous and sensual worship of the nations round about, had by the stern discipline of the exile been finally and for ever taught the great lesson of fidelity to ■ the God of Israel; by the waters of Babylon they learned to remember Zion; ■ and when they had no temple and • 110 national sanctuary the law became to them the symbol of their national existence. The Scribes, the preservers and expounders and interpreters of the law, became a more influential and more important class than the priests. An elaborate system of casuistry sprang up, accordiug to which the various pre cepts of the law, meaning thereby not the law of Moses only, but the whole mass of -litera ture since known as the Talmud, wore classified as to their obligation and rela tive importance, so- that the national religion by the time of our Lord's coming had become largely a matter of questions about the? law; and questions of ceremonial, of dress, of Sabbath observance, had been raised to the same rank with the weightier matters of the law, judgment, and mercy and faith. And therefore when this scribe, whose mind and thoughts had no doubt been running on the infinitesimally little ques tions that were debated between the rival schools of the liabbis, came to Jesus with the question, What commandment is the first of all? he no doubt honestly expected that the Master who had already answered them well would give a . decision _ on the 0110 side or on the other—a decision which would mark him as a supporter of one of the existing parties, or., even as the founder of a new party. _ And now notice what our Lord's answer is. :He does not say this or that duty is paramount; He does not say, as He did on another occa sion, that to honor one's father and mother is more important than to give an offering to the Temple; He goes at once, _ above all questions as to the relative importance of commandments, up to the first prin ciple on which the' law depends. "Hear, 0 Israel; the Lord our God, the. Lord is one; and thou shalt love the. Lord thy. God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength." This great fundament;! principle, which lay, as it were, embedded-in the Law of Deuteronomy, He brings forth as the corner-stone of the whole edifice on which all the rest depends; the principle which St.. Paul restates in the words "Love is the fulfill ing of the law," and which St. John expresses in words which sound like an echo of his Master's voice, "God is love; and he that . abideth in love abideth in God, and. God abideth in him." To love God, this is the main thing, tliis is the great and first com mandment. And a second like unto it is this, " Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." - It is a very high standard ■ tliis, the highest that can be set before us. And. it is quite natural that we should ask—-How is it possible for us, compassed as we are- with infirmity, beset with, all sorts of lower motives and impulses, to rise to so high an attainment as this?' How can we hope to love God with all our heart, and soul, and mind, when our affec tions are constantly twining themselves about lower objects, when we are constantly, and inevitably anxious and troubled about many things, when - The world is too much with us ;'late and soon, Getting and spending, we lay waste our powers ? Yes, the love of God as the supreme motive of our lives is the highest thing, and there fore the last that we arrive at; it is by loving allthat'is Godlike, all that is good and true and pure and noble, that we must learn to love' God. That is why we pray to God to cleanse the thoughts of our hearts by His Holy Spirit that we may perfectly love . Him, because evil thoughts, worldly aud impure imaginations, stifle and kill the love of God in' our hearts. It is not a thing that can be gained at once by a single1 passionate effort; we must set it before us as the object- of.our prayers, of our self-discipline,' of our strivings after holiness. God loves from whole loiparts ; hut human soul Must rise from individual to the whole. The love 0$ God consists not in excited feel ings, it is a \ steady principle' pervading our whole life ; -tl\e test of our love is; to be found not in our 'sensations, not in moments of ecstatic adoration, but in the quiet walking iu the patfrof ;duty; in thevtunun^. away- from evil, in our. readiness, to give .up. our own .will, in loving our neighbor as' ourselves. " For these two commandments cannot be dis sociated one' from the other. There have been times in the church's history, there have been phases of the spiritual life in which the love of God seems to have been cultivated at the expense of the love of man, and when a mystical exaltation of the spiritual emotions took the place of patient continuance in well doing, that most beautiful of'devotional books, ;The Imitation of Christ,"."says nothing, or next to nothing, of imitating Him iu the service of man, but only of following Ilhu in the path of humility and obedience. The evangelical revival, rich, as it "was in good works, yet confined its teaching'almost en tirely to the relation of the individual soul to God; and it has recently been said, nob altogether unjustly, that in the :older High Church type of religion '".the ideal-of personal holiness had not yet been', fused with the ideal of social service." But if'we dwell'exclusively upon the first and great ^.commandment, and forget the second that is like unto it, ive shall generate an imperfect, maimed, selfish form of religion; we shall lose sight of the idea of the kingdom of heaven; we shall' need to ba reminded of the words of the apo3tle bf love, "This commandment have we from Him, that he-who loveth God love his brother also-" But for us in the:present day the; danger lies rather in the opposite direction." We have been told by modern teachers that the love of God is 110 longer a possible-motivev for that indeed we know nothing.of God: we' know not that God is; but that this "need not'be any loss to our moral nature, for the service of God is destined in the new age to.be superseded by the service of man. And it cannot be denied tbat in this latter part of the nineteenth century, along with a widespread decay of Christian faith and. along with the rapid growth of democratic ideas, there has passed over human society a great wave of sympathy for suffering, an enthusiasm of humanity, a desire to remedy all remediable evils, an im patience of social inequality, a restless yearn ing after a better age when there shall be neither sorrow nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain, which promises an era of universal ease and comfort. But are we quite sure that any kind of outward reform—-social, political, economic, sanitary—will. touch the seat of the disease of which mankind is sick, and of which so many modern practitioners are eager to -undertake the cure ! What are the ' terms of the renewal which God proposes to mankind? "I heard a great voice out of the throne, saying, Behold, the tabernacle of God is with men, and He shall dwell with them, and they shall be His peoples, and God Himself shall be with them, and be their God; and He shall wipe away every tear from their eyes ; and death shall be no more" —death is a difficulty whieh - none of our modem reformers has -undertaken-to abolish— "neither shall there, be mourning, nor crying,, nor pain any more;' the first things are passed aivay. And He that sitteth -.on the throne said, Behold, I make all things new." To make all things new—that is the popular :cry with so many nowadays. Yes, but what is the condition of this great renewal? That God should dwell with men, that they should be His peoples, and tbat God Himself should 'be with them. a,nd be their God. Most as suredly there is plenty of work that needs doing, plenty of' wrong that needs setting right, plenty, of suffering that can and ought to be remedied.. Go into the courts and lanes of London and see what the 'conditions of life are there, even after all that has'been done in the last 30 years, and' ask your selves how you would like' to . live there. Look at the terrible . struggle for life, - growing more and more intense, in which the weakest must go to the wall; look at the un sanitary conditions of work, at the depressed physical condition of so many of the working class '. Yes, there is indeed plenty .to be done,. and-how are you going to get it done? Will you say, All men must learn that they are responsible for their fellow-citizens ? But what have you to say to the mau who repu diates all responsibility—who Says, I have enough to make me comfortable—why should 1 trouble myself about. other people? I intend to take my . ease, to eat, drink, and be merry. There is not much hope, of improving such , a man unless you eangethim to see that he is responsible not to the State, not to society, but to God ; that God is his Father and tbe Father of all-men. and that therefore he owes a duty to his brother; that God sent him into the world not to enjoy himself, but to work for his fellow men,.... Or look at the condition of sonic, 'of our. principal streets at night timei What can legislation, what' can social reform, do fov that terrible cancer? Hothing but the love of God issuing in the love of man ; nothing bite" that self-reverer.ee and reverence For al! Co!':, children which springs from the belief that ! God loves and cares for all, can cleanse society IromMcha'festeriDg',.plagu8*3poll 'j; I say, then, that tho love of; our. neighbor dissociated from the love of God is not to be depended on as ,a steady : and permanent motive. You will say, perhaps, that this which is distinctly an age of philanthropy and . of effort for the bettering of the conditions of human life is also an age in which the love of mahy; is waxing cold, in which religion,_ while " it makes a great outward: manifestation, is really losing its power over the hearts and "affections'of men, and that- therefore .there is good reason to believe that unselfish devotion to; the service of mankind will, outlive, the break-up of Christian belief. . But have you forgotten that for nearly 1,1)00 years the leaven of Christ's teaching has been gradually pene trating the mass of human, society, and that the impetus towards beneficence ..which . lias all through time been accumulating cannot be dissi pated at once? 'Christ's words, " Whosoever | would become great among you .shall be your minister; and whosoever wouldbe first among you shall be servant of allfor; verily .the Son | of 'IVIan came not to be ministered unto, but to minister and to give His life a.raiisom to all" —these words are familiar; enough to us, and . we do not .consider what;a revolution these and like words have made .in the relations of men to each other. The Christian, tradition of helpfulness, of'brotherly kindness, must last, ' though with ever-decreasing influence, for some generations; but do y.ou .believe, that it would survive a century of agnosticism! Do you: believe that men will .continue to love and serve one another when the idea of the; love and service of God and. of responsibility to Him has dropped out of tlieir. minds dud ceased to. influence them ? Civilised society has been built up and organised on. Christian founda tions.; .may - we. not transfer ■ to this, the •words used by St. Paul in another ; con nectionOther foundation can no - man lay : than . that -which . is laid, which is- Jesus Christ?" Philosophers tell us that Christianity is destined to pass . away and to be succeeded by a higher morality, a less selfish type of religion.. But where the Christian faith nas. lost its. hold 011 men's minds, where men liave b.eep estranged from Christ by - misrepresentation , or by ecclesiastical pretensions, or-by the restless \- and unsatisfied spirit of the.age do we find, as a matter of fact, that moralityis the. gainer? Are not wanton and wasteful luxury, un scrupulous competition, the princip.leuf every : man -for himself, greatly on the increase? ■ There is not, I suppose, too much of the Jove of God in modern Paris; is there very much of the love and sendee of man? Take out" of human life the things that are not seen, the love of God; the hope of immortality—and what remains ? Let us eat and drink, for to morrow we die. /. On these two commandments hang all the law - and the prophets. It _ would have been well for Christendom-if these two commandments had: always been made, as Christ our Lord _ makes them, the essential part of religion. As. 'the scribe whose question, called. forth our Lord's reply confessed, to love God with all the heart, and with all the understanding, and with all the strength, and to love his. neighbor as him self, is much more than all whole burnt offer ings and sacrifice. As St. Paid says " If I have the gift of prophecy,"and understand all mysteries and all knowledge, and if. I have all faith, so as to remove mountains, but have not love, I am nothing." It is not. by the con fession of a true faith, it is not by being active in religious matters, it. is not by zealous Churchmansliip or by zealous Noncon formity, that we'can- really draw near to God; it is. by loving Him for all that He is and for all that'He has done for us:; it is by abiding in Him and by His abiding in us. 'And if we so love God,-we shall assuredly love one another, not, as St.. John says, in word; neither with the tongue, hut in deed and in truths And now easy of solution would he all the social and economical problems which beset us if only we so loved one another; if only we cared as: much ' for' our • neighbor's interest. as for bur bum; if .oidy we did nothing through faction or vainglory, not looking each one to his own things, but each One also to the things of others!:' How different would -public life be if men sought election or accepted election to Parliament, or to the county council, or to.the school board not to promote * the interest each one of his" own. party or of his own class, but with an honest desire to do the ' very best for the highest interests of all their fellow-men ! How different would the tone of our newspapers be if the writers thought first not what will serve a party, but what is true! How • different would., be the relation of landlord and .tenant,, of employer and employed, if each sought not his own interest, but the interest of the other ! How easily would trade disputes he arranged, if. the opposite parties met,-not as' adversaries, .but as brothers! ,If only these two great .; commandments . were kept, - then 'surely the kingdom of God—that. kingdom which is righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost—would indeed- be'high at. hand. What a. different, what a far - better and happier world it would be ■ if those who call themselves Christ's disciples would'take for their rule of social life those /words of our Master which we are still .so far from having learnt, " A new commandment I give unto you, that ye love oneianother-; even as I have ■ loved-you,- that ye also love One- another/"'. 