JIMAGGMFTITG* THEATRE ROYAL. " HAMLET." Naturally considerable curiosity was aroused amongst playgoers when it was announced that so well known and capable an actress as Mrs. G. B. W. Lewis was to appear at the Theatre Royal on Friday night in the titlerole in " Hamlet/' a female Prince of Denmark not being within the scope of their experience, at least here, unleBS in private theatricals, or in. the early days when the old Victoria Theatre was in its glory. There are anatomical, logical, and vocal difficulties about a " Hamlet" of the feminine persuasion, but last night Sirs. Lewis rather surprised the houseby overcomingsomeof the obBtaoles in the nay of a enecessfal impersonation and presenting the character of the melancholy young Dane in creditable light, albeit the femininity was ill-concealed, and one conld not help being occasionally reminded of a graceful gallant of the softer sex in a light opera. Mrs. Ijewis gave an excellent "reading" of-Hamlet. She was test perfect, and she showed to greater advantage in the stormy interview with Queen Gertrude than she did in the earlier scenes, in which her tone and bearing were naturally lacking in masculine force. Her voise is too soft and distinctly womanly, and her attitudes and walk want the deoiaion and freedom of a man accomplished in all the arts and physicalexercises of court and field as Hamlet was. The house thoroughly appreciated her elooution-and revelled in her fencing in the last tragic scene. She handled the foils as skilfully as Mrs. Brough does the Indian clnbs, and in that act she did manage to rise above the disabilities of her ser. However great a treat it may be to hear a lady with a well-trained voice under complete command give effect as a reading to the sublime language put in the mouth of Hamlet, wa prefer the male article in the play. Mrs. Lewis is undoubtedly a olever actress—a wonderful woman, and she can afford ua something far more to our liking than what we saw last night. The Laertes of Mr. Clement Wakefield was a tall, well-knit, graoefnl, manly fellow, and the Horatio of Mr. Truebridge was in keopinc, but Polonius, as interpreted by Mr. Costello, proved a doddering old pantaloon, in fact " very like a whale." Mr. Appletcn made a stalwart, substantial, kingly ghost, and Mr. Ksmelton wore the gorgeous garments of the king with a full seate of his regal dignity. Miss Frances Grahame started rather feebly as Ophelia, but rose to the occasion in the mad scene, somewhat to the eurprise of the house, for Bhe seamed overweighted with the part. Miss Brvce, as Queen Gertrude, looked like Rebecca in " Ivanhoe" or the Maid of Saragossa; there was a sort of Oriental air about . her. She underwent the Btrain of the soene with Hamlet by no means badly. The rest of the numerous characters gave fair support, and the play was well mounted and costumed, as all Mrs. Lewis's representations are. There was no mistaking the temper of the apprecia- tive house, Mrs. Lewis waa frequently applauded, and the curtain had to be raised after every act to enable ber to bow her acknowledgments. Playgoers may anticipate a treat tc-night in "Jane Shore." It is a fine historical spectacular piece, and Mrs. Lewis will be in her element in the titlo rule. Cinderella. The beautiful speotacle "Cinderella" will be introduced to an Adelaide audience on Saturday next. From all that we hear and read it is the most brilliant speotacle yet placed on the Australian stage by those liberal and enterprising caterers for public amusement, Messrs. Williamson & Musgrave. The expenses which are involved in arranging an < Adelaide season are very great. The question of bringing to Adelaide so early in the season a company numbering 100 people has been the subject of long negotiations, but as the appearanoe of the brilliant combination had to take place now or not at all Mr. Wybert Reeve suoceeded ia inducing Mr. Williamson to_ try the experiment, and we do no think either Messrs. Williamson & Musgrove or Mr. Reeve will be disappointed in the result if beautiful costumes, fine ballets, and remarkable scenery will draw the public. There is an extraordinary scene of brilliant effect, in which hundreds of electrio lights are used, aud the burlesque ends with a series of pictures illustrating the progress of Australia from the primeval forest to the hojisd - for time of federation. Many new faces will appear amongst the company, notably Mr. Horace Wheatley, bearing the reputation of a very clever comedian and dancer, a very accomplished singer, Miss Marie Luella, Miss Luoy Fraser, Miss Katherine Hardy, and Mr. James Morice. The numerous dresses were designed and made in England, and are superb. There is little doubt that such a production will attract the theatregoers of this city. 