Local and General. The duplication of the telegraph line be. tween Coolgardie and Hannan's is practically completed, and the new wire will*be' in operation in a day or two. Gradually the P.M.G. and the Works Department are being forced to do the proper thing. Better late than neT.-r. Speaking of the appointment of Mr Fowler to the inspectorship of mines forthe Eastern Gold fields, the Mining Journal says:—" We venture to say at the outset that no better appointment could possibly have been made, and we shall heartily congratulate the Minister when he has received notice of the acceptance of the offer. We personally know Captain Fowler's qualifications. He should prove an ideal inspector, for he is eminently fitted for the position in every way whatever. He has had a long and honourable career in the other colonies, notably Victoria and Tasmania, and 60 stronglvposses estheconfidenceoT tbelealing antborit'e6 in Victoria that, at 'he -instance of the Ballarat Mining Boar 1, he wasnnani-' mously nominate! to the position of Cold Commissioner in British Guiana, although at that time the appointment was not proceeded with by the Gillies Government. Captain Fowler was one of the found?'s of the Co'jIgardie Chamber of Mines. He has been a manager in foogaidh with fuoces«, and during the pa=t couple of months has bem engaged in inspecting mininj? properties on behalf of the French syndicate cint! oiled by Mons-Rea. We believe this appointment is one that will receive <he cordial approval of the Gol I fields press, and if entered upon we look to mtny reforms in the management of the fields as the result of Captain Fowlers connection with the public service of this colony. A serious danger just NAV menacing the afety of Coolgardie Is tlie huge heaps of alvage rubbish lying about at the rear cif he premises recently destroyed by fire, or torn down by the excited mob. In many Peaces the careless throwing aw»y of a match would r»i8e another conflagration which, ia the absence of warer, it w >uid be quite impossible to subdue. Technically, we pre. fume it is the duty of t*ie owners o{ these i remises to remove <his dancer-us mbbish, but the i=c*rc!ty of labor renders this almost impos- ible. Under the circumstances it becomes the «mty of the n>un cipality to shift this stuff, which is as unsafe as dynamite. A yonng man named Sydney Weston met w : »h what might have been a very serious accident ar Yerrilla on Monlay last. He was in-the act of being lowered down a 40ft. shaft, when the hankie of the windlass gave away. He was then clngs to the top, and fell down the whole distance, turning two eomeftau'ts on tie way down, finally alighting on h ; s shoulder. By what seems a miracle, no bones were broken, and he is now recovering from the effects of the fall. A good story i6 going the rounis respecting the latent marriage of Sir H nry Partes. Bein? chaffed by h'S intimates and being to'd in tones of astonishment, "Hut this is your third, Sir Henry I" the vrteran replied, " Well, my boy, the Lord keeps taking 'em. and so do It" ^ We understand that a reunion of Queenslanders will take place on Tuesday evening next, which will take the form of a win supper. A number of W. A. guests will tie invited, and it is expected that there will be 50 or 60 Qaeenslanders present. Mr G T Bell is acting • as secretary, to the committee, and requests that former residents of ths banana country will communicate with him. A strange accident ; occurred yesterday at the rear of the Royal Hotel, Bayley- street. A prospecting party had just brought in their camels, and were proceeding to onload them. Among the other impedimenta was a loaded rifle, which was strapped to the back of one of the beasts, wrh tie muEzle pointing forward. Somebody, who, as usual, "did'nt know it was; loaded," got fooling with the weapon when it went olf, lodging a heavy bullet in tha camel's skull, whereupon the animal tolled over and gave up ths ghost. The adjourned meeting in reference to the fire brigade and Balvage corps was held yesterday afternoon_at the Conncil Chambers. Mr. Pyke occupied the chair. Mr. Pearce reported what had been done, and stated that neces«ary materials to the <vsftae of £20 had been purchas d and stored, so that they would be to a certain exteut ready should a fire break out immediately. - itr. A. G. Hales, one of the collecting sub-committee appointed, read the list of subscriptions received and promised to date, the total amount being something over £184. The secretary and chairman each supplemented this with donations of £2 2s. each. No reports were received from the other collectors. Messrs Summers and Vance true added to the collecting committee. On the motion of Mr. Hales the sub- committee instructed to wait as a def-utation on Sir John Forrest on h r e arrival in Coolgardie, and request a subsidy t>f -£i,^000 towards the-brigade. The nnme of Mr. Hales was also added to the sab-committee. It was resolWl to it-sue circulars to the banking and iniarance institutions, mining - companies, etc., requesting subscriptions. In regard to the uniform it was suggested that helmets and gauntlets should be obtained, -or armt adges for th; present to difctangqirth the pnen, but full power to deal with thjsandother matters was delegated to the subcommittee. The names of 27 volunteer firemen were submitted, and it was decided to Call them together for inspection on Saturday afternoon. The following are »he coach an-iva's from Boorabbin ^e-terd&y;:—Messrs Legie. Biigps, Stewart (3). P.nbeithy.Rearden. Miller,and Drewery,; Miss \Vilkj a -o?i, and Modames Taylor (2), Peuberthy, and Saddler. 