strictlii donfiJtniial. A Causerie for Women Onlv. BY ME&ANIE; FASIRRNATON. ACCORDING to Jerome K. Jerome, Christmas time is the ghost season in England. In Australia, however, ghosts do not seem to favour any particular period of the year. Essendon and Brunswick districts are just now rejoicing in a number of ambulant phosphorous ghost?. Women who have ventured to leave their houses' unprotected by male escort, have been terribly frightened by the weird apparitions. The young men of these districts however do not seem to be afraid of ghosts, and have taken to carrying revolvers, vowing they will make a real ?corpse of the first ghost they encounter. By the way, talking of ghosts' walks, if. may be interesting to note that "the Ghost walks'' is a bit of theatrical and journalistic slang for "salaries are paid," whose origin is thus explained. During the rehearsal of Hamlet, by a company of strolling players whose salaries had been long in arrears, the ghost, in answer to Hamlet's exclamation, " Perchance'twill walk again," shouted emphatically, "No! I'm if the ghost walks any more until our salaries are paid." # # * Money seems to be valued now more than ever, especially in Melbourne, where it is so very eccentric ally distributed since the bank failures. Whilst the cries of starving and shivering women and children reach our ears from all sides, the figures of leviathan income tax cheques received by Mr. Prout Webb are paraded and bragged about at sumptuous banquets. The thre* richest men in Melbourne, or, at least, the three largest contributors to the Victorian Income Tax, are said to be Messrs. T. B. Payne, Mars. Buckley and Laurence Benjamin. The latter, it is asserted, -was taxed on £25,000 a year. Just fancy an income of .£500 a week from city property and Government debentures! How nice! # * # A lucky windfall is reported from Tasmania. Last week Miss Ada Burns, a servant in the employ of the manager of the Bank of Australasia, Hobart, received a letter from Ireland informing her that she had been left a fortune of .£100,000 (one hundred thounand pounds). If Miss Burns will come to Melbourne she will be well received and if she does not know how to invest her fortune sh« may rely upon the enterprise of our skilful financiers who will interest themselves on her behalf. One can always meet in Melbourne with some kind persons who will take the trouble to invest other people's money. # * # The stylish and accomplished Mademoiselle Dreyfus, it is pleasant to notice, will again deliver a series of lectures on French Literature. During the forthcoming season Mademoiselle Dreyfus will prin cipally devote herself to the study of Racine and Moliere. The brilliant lady will, however, also devote considerable attention to the reign of Louis Quatorze, reviewing the literary, artistic, social and political events of that period. La Bruyerp and Madame Sevigne will also receive attention. That the lectures will be well attended goes without say ing, as no student of French who wishes to familiarize his, or her, ear to a correct Parisian accprif- would miss such a splendid opportunity, whilst those who are good French scholars will be eager to refresh their minds with brilliant literary talk. * * * THE friends of Miss Ada Crossley are just now discussing the strange difference in the coldness of the notices in the London Press of the Australian singers's deb&t;, and the laudatory notices cabled to the Australian papers. The critics hare made a dead set against Miss Ada Crossley, and yet all the notices sent to the Australian newspapers were not only sympathetic, but gushing. Of course, we all know that after Vienna, where the pens of Dr. Hanslick and his disciples are the terror of a new singer, the London critics are the most exacting and unmerciful. Still, some explanation'will be anxiously awaited. Miss Crossley, I hear, was much dis couraged with her prospects in Europe when the last mail left, and that Madame Melba, who had just returned from America, encouraged the Australian contralto, telling her what she had to endure before she achieved her present position. It was by sheer persistent pluck, said Madame Melba, that she won her way to the front, and one of her greatest dis advantages was her Australian origin. ... .# * # The principal social event in Melbourne this week was, of course, the ball at Government House under the regime of Sir John and Lady Madden, and the most striking feature at the ball was the presence of so many beautiful women. Amongst the most admired were Miss Alves, a native of Now Zealand, now resid ing in Melbourne. Miss Alves is a tall, bril liant brunette, with dark hair, which she wears parted down the centre and arranged in wavy bandeaux. Her grey eyes are particularly bright, while the lips are of vivid crimson so rarely seen. The other beauty was Miss Lillian Wheeler, a daughter of a clever woman, the late Mrs. Wheeler, who, some years ago, owned a Castlemaine news paper. Miss Wheeler is an heiress, and resides with Mrs. T. R. Andrews, at Royal Perk. Miss Wheeler may aptly be described as " divinely tall and most divinely fair," 