A Religious Card Player A private soldier, by the name of Richard Lee, was taken before the magis trate for playing cards during service. The sergeant commanded the soldiers at the church, and when- the parson had read the prayers he took the text. Those who had Bibles took them out, but this soldier had neither Bible nor Common Prayer Book, and pulling out a pack of cards he spread them out before him. The sergeant of the company saw him and said : " Richard, put up the cards, this is no place for them." " Never mind that".... ... When the service was over, the con stable took Richard a prisoner, and brought him before the Mayor. .-",Well,' said.theMayor, " what have you brought the soldier here for?" "For-playing cards in the church." "Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself- ? " Much I hope." " Very good; if not, I will punish you severely." " I have been," said the soldier, " about six weeks on a march. I have neither Bible-nor Common Prayer Book. Ihave nothing but a pack of cards, and I hope to satisfy your worship of the purity of my intention." Then spreading the cards befor the Mayor, he began with the ace : "When I see the ace, it reminds me that there is one God. When I see the deuce it reminds me of Father and Son. When I see the tray it reminds me of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. When I see the four, it reminds me of the four evangelists that preached -- Mathew, Mark, Luke, and John. When I see the five, it reminds me of the five wise virgins that trimmed their lights. There were ten, but five were wise, and five were foolish and shut out. When I see the six, it reminds me that in six days the Lord made heaven and earth. When I see the seven, it reminds me that on the seventh day God rested from the great work he had made, and hallowed it. When I see the eight, it reminds me of the eight righteous persons that were saved when God destroyed the world, vie.-Noah and his wife, his three sons, and their wives. When I see the nine, it reminds me of the nine lepers that were cleansed by our saviour. There were nine out of ten' that never returned thanks. When I see the ten, it reminds me of the ten commandments which Cod handed down to Moses on the tables of stone. When I see the king, it reminds me o= 'h' great King of Heaven, which is God Almighty. When I see the Queen, it reminds me of the Queen of Sheba, who visited Solomon, for she was a wise woman as he was a man. She brought with her fifty boys and fifty girls, all dressed in boys' apparel, for Kiing Solo maon to tell who were boys and who were girls. The King sent for water for them to wash. The girls washed to the elbows, the boys to the wrists, so King Solomon told by that." " Well," said the Mayor, " you have described every card in the pack except one." "What is that?" "The knave," said the Mayor. " I will give your honor a description of that, too, if you will not be angry." "I will not," said the Mayor, "if you do not term me to be the knave." "The greatest knave I know of is the constable that brought me here." " I do not know," said the Mayor, " if he is the greatest knave, but I know he is the greatest foot" " When I count how many spots are in a pack of cards, I find three hundred and sixty-five, as many days as there are in a year. When I count the number of cards in a pack, I find fifty-two-the nrmber of weeks in a year. I find there are twelve picture cards in a pack, repre senting the number of months in a year. And on counting the number of tricks I find thirteen-the number of weeks in a quarter. So you see a pack of cards serves for a Bible, a Common Prayer Book, and an almanac. - Then the Mayor let him go. 