The Straw, tke Coal, & tlie Bean. (An old fairy tale, sent by Maude Shelley.) In a village there lived a poor old woman, who had one day gathered a dish of beans, and was. going to. boil them. So she laid a lire on her hearth, and to make it burn the quicker, she lighted it with a wisp of straAV. And as she was putting the beans into the pot one of them fell on the ground without her seeing it, and rolled by chance to where a straw Avas lying. Almost at the same instant a red-hot coal bounced out of the fire, close to the straw and the bean. Then, said the straAV, "Whence do you come, my friends?" The coal answered, "By good luck I have sprung out of the Are; for had I not jumped with all my might, I should have been burnt to ashes." Then the bean said, "I, too| by a lucky chance have escaped Avith a Avhole skin, for if the old woman had put me into the pot I should, without mercy, have been cooked to porridge Avith the rest of my comrades." "And, prithee, Avould my fate have been pleasanter?" said the straAv; "the old Avoman has iriade aAvay with all my brothers in Are and smoke; sixty she seized at once and put to death, when happily I slipped through her fingers." "What shall Ave set about now ?" said the coal. "I advise," answer ed the bean, "that, as Ave have all so for tunately escaped death, Ave should keep together like good comrades, and to avoid any fresh "disaster here, let us .travel about and visit foreign countries." This proposal pleased the two others, and they 'forthwith set out together upon their tra vels. They had not gone, far before they . came to a brook, over Avhich there Avas no bridge-not even a plank-and they were puzzled how to get over. The straAV, hoAvever, hit upon a plan. "I will lay myself across the brook," said he, "and you can both go over me as a bridge." So the straAV stretched himself from one bank to the other, and the coal, Avho was of a fiery nature, tripped boldly on to the new bridge. But he had hardly got half Avay over when, hearing the Avater rushing under him, he greAV frightened, stopped short, and dared not go any further. In an instant the straAV began to burn, snapped in tAvo, and fell into the brook. The coal slipped after him, hissed as he popped into the Avater, and gave up the ghost. The bean, who had cautiously stayed behind on the bank, Avas convulsed with laughter at the disaster, rolled from side to side so immoderately that he burst. It would have been all over Avith the bean likeAvise, had not, by good luck, a little tailor, who Avas on his travels, sat down to rest on the bank, and being a good natured felloAV, he pulled out his needle and thread and sewed him together. The bean thanked him, and Avent his way. But the tailor had used black thread, and so ever since all beans have had a black seam in their side. 