SEALED ORDERS OB THE TRIPLE MYSTERY This Story la written from exhaustive memoranda from the diary of Chief Inipeotor Brynes, of the New Tork Polioe. CHAPTER XXXV. DOUBLT DENOUNCED. As soon sb they were in the library, Nick said eharply— "Now, Chick, answer promptly and rapidly.” “ Yes | what is it P” " How long had yon been waiting in the hail-way for mo when I arrived P" “Two hours, nearly.” “■Who went up the stain while yon waited there f” “ Dozens.” “ Well, who t” \--*‘Very few whom I know. They were ladies.” "* “ Did you see anybody who answers to the description of that poor girl up stairs “ No; I- By Jove!” “Eh?” What?” " I wonder if it oould have been she t” “ Been who f” " The sewing girl.” "Eh? What of it P” “About an hour before yon came, a Woman with a long black wrap on her shoulders and a thiok veil over her face came to the door.” “Well ?” “ The butler was there and at first was not going to let hor in.” “Ah! Well?” “I heard hor say she hed soma sawing for Hies Ethel. Then the butler bale her wait while he went and found his young mistress.” “ Did he find her 1” “ I suppose so. H9 oame back presently and told the girl she could go on upstairs. She went as though sho knew her way, and then T forget all about her.” “ Did yon see her go away again ?” “ Yes; that is I thought I did.” “ When ?” "About ten minutes bsfore you cards.” “ Looked like the same one, eh ?” “Yes.” “ Now, what were you telling mo about Ethel, afid wbat do you mmn by all that taib,about her intended flight, eh P ’ _ " Do you remember the ring I stole from Navarro P” “Confound the ring! I——“ “ She has it.” “ What 1’’ “ She has it, or ono like it. I saw her with it in her hand to-dey, and she had been crying.” “Well P"—impatiently. “To-night, in the early part of the evening, she was alone in the library with Doctor Jerome. The sight of the ring had made me suspicious, so I got where I could hear what wss said ” “ Between her and Jerome! ” “ Yes.” “Well?” “ I didn’t hear the first part of their eon* versation, but the first words I did hear, madn me open my ears wide.” “ What were they P" “ I heard Jerome e»y. ‘ Ethsl, there is no use in mincing words. You killed Brayton Russell! It wsb your hand that struck him down, and I know it !* “ ‘ No, no, no!’ she cried; and then he went close to her and half whispered— “1 Nobody knows or suspects it save our selves; nobody ever shall, if you listen to " And then—” ‘‘ She only moaned and rooked to and fro in the seat where she sat- If she was not guilty, Bhe took a mighty strange way of ehowimt her innocence." “ Hnmph ( Go on." “ When she did not answer he went yet nearer to her. “ * Listen/ he said. * When you know how much I know about that night, you will bo convinc'd that there is no Eafety ’or you except through me 1* G i! leave me !‘ she said. ‘“Not yet, Ethel/ he replied. 'Hear me out/ “ Agsin she was silent and he con tinued— “' It was yomt stiletto which killed him You went to his apartments that evening —yon saw and talked with him; nobody saw him afterward, alive. You have now in your possession, the very ring that he wore so long upon his watch-chain, and I “ *' OoW.Td !_ ■; -V~ finish that pentence it wiii non be murder, hut two, for, which I will stand accused!’ “ He laughed uneasily. “Then suddenly ho seemed to Forget his own danger, for he give a sudden leap forwards and tore the pistol from her grasp/ ‘ By Heaven!’ he cried, ‘ you shall hear me I you shill I’ “ Well P’’ she said. “ I will U36 no more arguments; I will make no more offers. You shall have until to-morrow evening to decide. I want you for my wife; you shall be mine! You shall!’ “ She was ca’m then. “‘ And if I refuse P’ she asked. “ * You dare not refuse!’ ‘“Butif IdoP” “ He seemed to become enraged by her coolness. He jumped forward and seized her wrist. ”1 If you dare to refuse and to dofy me longer/ he cried, * I will denounce you for what you ore—a murderess/ “Then as if afraid to trust himself further, he turned and left the room.” “ What did you do P” asked Niok. “ I remained where I was, watching her after ho had gone.” “What did she do P” “Nothing. She stood there for several minutes, as though she had turned fo stone. Then she heaved a sigh that almost brought tears to my eyes, and slowly left the apartment,” “Ah!” “ But that is not alL" " Hot all! What more P" " I wag about to leave my biding-p'ace and follow her, when the curtains at the windows moved and Eunice Gray the elder sister, staggered out from behind them. “ She was as white, aa * ghost, and she trembled like with an ague. “At first I thought she was going to faint, but presently she reoovered and dropped into a chair. “She did not utter a round,bub she buried ha face in her hands and remained absolutely motionless tor jfr or eight jplBute*. “ I did not date to move, for feat tf betraying my pretence, so I waited nnnl i Eunice rose and passed out of the room. Then T followed.” “ Where did she go to P”. “ To her own room.” • “Where is that P" “ Directly opposite Ethel’s.” *' Well, what then t’ “ I heard her look the door, and then I went back down stairs. I peeped into the ball-room and saw Ethel dancing. with Paul Cobden, and langhing and talking as though nothing had happened.” “Humph!'1 “ Then I began to watch for yon. for I did not know what to do.”' “Well?" “ Nothing happened then, until the sowing woman cams. I remained in the hall for the triple purpose of keeping an eye on Ethel’s movements, on Eunice, and waiting for yon.” “ Go on. What next P” “ The sewing girl had barely had time to reach Ethel’s room and to dose the door behind her, when Eunice came down.” 11 She went directly to the ball-room and in a moment reappeared, followed by Ethel. Then they went to the library together. “ Again the library, eh ?” “ Yes.” " Well ?” “ I followed them, determined to hear what was esid, if I could, and also to keep a watch on the door for you." “ Well P” , t “ There wasn’t much to hear, and yet there was a good deal. Neither of the I girls eat down.” “Ah!” 11 As eoon us they entered the library, Eunice wheeled round and said— “‘E-hel.by an accident, I overheard everything that was said between you and Doctor Jerome in this rot m, to-night. I also will give you until to-morrow evening before I denounce yonj bnt. 1 say, your only safety lies in flight. Never let me see your face again—never 1” Then she turned and started toward the doir. 