LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. T ttK pTifiiicntioT of tho facts of tho enso of Mr M'Nanght, who wah fiucd £5, or two month' imprisonment for street preaohlng itt T'rihnno, n published in our issuo on Thursday morning, excited n great dcnl of nd verso comment in Toowoomba, and nt an ififormni mooting iiciti nt About oloron o oiook try throe or four gcntlomon it wan resolved to wait upon 29 townsmen who, it was known, would readily give 6. ouch to make up tho sum (4 £'r, Tito Rot. T St.J.Pugho, with charac teristic Undue, crxprosied his willingness to giro t'l toward. tho unfortunate womau's release, nnd tho residue wan speedily inado up. Hhortfy before noon Mr. John Fogarty, M.L.A.p on hohalf of tho subscriber, pro- eeoded to the gaol, nod paid tlio fiuo of £5, and, im thero was no further cause for Mrs, M'Nnught's<lotonlion,!»howa8ntoncorclotiScd, Tlie Brfslano Municipal Council nro to moot this morning, nod consider what thoy shall do Ui Mr. M'Nuught's case. In tho mean time thorn In Toowoomba who boliovo In personal, liberty havo shown something moro lhan Rp sympathy. Ti ny havo paid tho fino, nnd rostorcd a persecuted woman to froodom. T MB Kov -I, Crooknton will ofHoiato in St fiophen's I'rcsbytcrian Church, Neil-street, tomorrow (Sunday), His subjects will bo : Morning, "The V oicos of tho Unseen"; Evening, " The Bnrniug Bush," Titr, Committee of tho Caledonian Society britro to nntyrnrmt tbetr flnnnccfi Tiv orgaffidmr a firt«clns concorfc to ba hold ou the 2Cfb Juno next. An tho Socioty sufforod n seroro lo.s through tho bad weather at tholr Irt.t spCTts, wo trust this effort to rttdaco tlio deficit will prove as successful as tho looturo recently given for their benofit. the anDOuneement of tiio School of Arts bfdl, fo lie iiold on tbo ovem'ng of tho open ing day of tho races, appears in our business columns to-day. It will bo aeon that a good workintr committee has bcou constituted, mid everything points to a decided success. As tho whole of the prococds will bo spout in tho purchase of now books tho bnll deserves tho most hoarty support of tho subscribers nnd townspcoplo generally The committeo nro recoiving vory gonorous offers of assLtaitco in tho supply of refresh ments At the request of the writor wo give IrtiMidty to tho following letter Oowrio Mines, May 2Ut, 1805. ain,— Will you kindly allow mo spacoin y<rttr taIuaMo paper to nsk your Sydnoy cor respondent If ho knows whether tho Wagga WAggft ghost stlii visit tho Wngga "Wngga fnrrn. If so, will ho plcao lot itio know through your paper. I'm not a man to blow, Sir, Or yet a man to boost, But IMo Hkn a convocation with That V/ttfgaa Wngga ghost. For to mo its clear, without a doubt, There's wonder in it to be found out Your, respectfully, P. CpNNORTY. A decided chango in tho weather took place on Hiarsdsy, nnd duriug tho afternoon light showers foil, which continued through out tho night. Yesterday was cloudy nnd gloomy with n thick mist cnvolopiug tlio town, nnd during tho aftornoon further light shower fell, Tho rain, howover, has not oxtandod very far south west, though west ward it has fallen somowhat heavily. The rain, whorover It 1ms fallen, will bo very welcome. Green fodder is very scarce, and fn many place tho onriy sown wheat I not yet above ground, while iu other localities tho iofi fs so hard ami dry that no wheat or ether grnla can yot bo sown. A steady downpour of twenty-four hours duration all over tho Downs would bo n great blcssiug. O.Y Thursday forenoon considerable interest was manifested by a five-ton waggon lond of fiour drawn by ten spiondid horsos pasaing down Buthven-strcot, nnd drawing up ot tbo store of Messrs, Lnidlaw and Peak, wlicro a goodly crowd eoon assembled. Tho wag gon had como from Allora, and tho carrier was fully satisfied with hi day nnd a half's work. Tho freight paid on tho flour from Allors wh |y, |k>r tou. On inquiry wo ascertained that even at tho red tied rato tho rail freight m flour from Allora to Toowoomba will be £1 h ton, Tlio borso waggons will thcrcforo ho aide fo successfully compoto with tho railway in tho cnrrhigo of flour, nnd snvotho To<iwootn1rti storeki opors 5s. on cneh ton of Altorn flour— a consideration in theso times of keen eotnpotitiou. An inspection of tlio now music stocked ut ei.iiy ity our »'ergctio fellow townxmou, )fer. Ylarston and Co., reveals much that i« highly pleasing nnd interesting. Now dance music J woll roprosontod by tho "Naval" ws it/, composed by Miss Anuio Jouc (Daphne), which is selling very freely in tho Southern capital. Moro to our tasto, however, aro tho " Verona " waltz by Alox. Law («L S, ICer/, ptibthdiT),' 14 Gcnovicvo " waltz by Alex Paul (snrno publinhor), nnd the " Australian Lily " waltz by Loon Gntitior (also published by J, S. Kerr). For fino flowii ig molody, sterling harmony and goo<1 get-up, tIioo thrco woltzos will, wo frtitcy, ho hard fo fmprovo on, and will havo a great ran hero, as thoy aro having in tho Southern colonics. Among tho songs, wo -ere agreeably impressed with "HirLad acton thsHfa " by Milton Welling, a song containing a fine wnt 'meufcsot to good musie, which In capaldo hand can bo ra itlo much of, and will b« always ;oj.ular In any bond. Itfeordf aro tho publl-licr, nnd tho rougb got tip fn first chut tyh , Uuitocn Lad.-: and Co.'b 8 yonr old High land whisky can tin h ul nt all h >tel, and wholesale only from Purlins and Co., L'd.. IJfillftflS, Hold up nnd watch Bob Munro tackling tbo Briabano footlmll crnoks thl9 afternoon. Tliogamoof tho yonr. 870 0 The Northorn grown oranges are ovidontiy appreoiatc<1 elcowhero. than locally, Tho Oymple Timet Nlatos that tho HOUthcrn demand is praotienlly unlimitod for good varieties nnd ns tho prlco in Victorin i nearly four times that paid in Queensland thoro thould bo a goodopouiug for an export frado iu this favorito fruit. Why do not our local orange growers seo to this market nlhO ? The socond Dog, Poultry, Pigeon, nnd Pony Show, under tho auspice of tho Drayton nud Toowoomba Agricultural and Horticultural Society, will bo bold in tho Socioty1 grounds nud promises on "Wednes day, Juno 10th. Entries will bo received up to G p.m. of Monday, Juno 17tli. Prizo schedules may bo liad on application to tlie Secretary, Mr. II. Symos. The other day on the road to Bourko we (Cobnr Herald) cumo ncross a woman tramp, who fold us sbo was making her way to Honrko, thoro to got a pass to Sydnoy, 81ie loft Forbes In tbo month of January, uud had travolleu right down tlio Luolilun to mil- stone, thenuo to Mount IIopo, und then hero. Sho in a natlva of lCilkcnuy, Ireland, and suys sho wishes sho never left It. Avery serious accidont happened at tho Canterbury Park rncos on Wednesday, wlillo the raco for tho Railway Hnodicap was beiug run. Four of tho horses fell whou thrco furlong had been covered, und as soon as assistance could bo rondcrod It was found tlmt F. Dultou lind his right thigh aud collur bono broken, G. Shepherd had his left thigh broken, A. O'Neill was cut about tbo head, and H. Robinsou bad his collar-bono broken. It will bo remombcrcd thnt some months ago a stranger to tho town, uumcd Gcorgo Sclmfor, reeoived thrco months' imprisonment for tho larceny of a purso coutnraing two pounds. Ho was released a fow days ago, liut was again arrested on Wcducsday night by Constablo Wilsou for tho lurcony of a pair of boots belonging to Mr. Schmidt in Neil- street. Sohafer appeared before Captain Goodnll, P.M., oil Thursday morning, aud was soutouccd to ono montli's iinprisonmcnt in Toowoomba Gaol. At tho Sulvatiou Army nt Qimjstrcct, Buiidabcrg, on Sunday uight, cousiderablo exeitcmout wus caused by u Chinaman, who stabbed a white boy iu tbo back (states tho Star). It sooins that sumo boys throw stones at tho Celestial, aud ho inado for tho first young whito fellow ho saw and thrust a pookot-knifo into his back. A secno of up roar followed tho cowurdly attack, and but for tho early advent of Constables Lyons things would have bcou bad for tho Chluuman, As it was ho was speedily taken into custody nnd removed to tho lockup amidst tho execra tions of tho crowd. IIo gavo bis nnrao ns Ah Hoy. " On tho Ball" — this afternoon ou tlio R. A. Society's Grounds. Brisbauo r, Too woomba roturn match. 8795 Oun Stanthorpo correspondent sent us a tolcgram yesterday stating that "All the tobacco in loaf in tlio Texas diotriot had bcon sold nt 71d. per lb. Tho largest pur chasers woro Messrs. Cameron aud Co,, Messrs. Dixou and Co., Messrs. Greenup Bros., and Messrs, Backhouse Bros. The amount of tbo crop among various grower la tho Texas district is stutcd to bo 100 tons, about £7090 in value. Tlio amount of tobncoo leaf in tho Inglowood distinct is estimated at 00 tons, and iu tho Stnnthorpo district about 30 tons Inglowood and Stau- thorpe aro to bo shortly visited by tho ubovc- named purchasers with tho view of securing all tho leaf in these two districts." Tobacco is ono of tho most profitable crops that can bo growu, nud tho Highfiolds, Crow's Nest, and Goombuugce districts oro specially adupted for its growth. A iivo acre patch of tobacco leaf ou each furin would bo a souroo of wealth to ovcry farmer. At tho Gharlovillo Show, hold on Monday mac, ino louowiug loon oxmouors were sue- c(wsful '.—Shirp : Ram hogget (grass fed), D, Mott (Broxbourno), Joudnryuu ; special prizo for pea of 20 flock ramN, J. Banks, Ebloy Park, commanded ; grass fed raiu, D, Mott, Jonduryan ; pen of thrco four-tooth rams, morino, grass fed, D. Mott, Brox bourno, Jonduryan. — Swine : Boar, any ago, "W. R, Robinson ; sow, any ago, W. R. Robinson.— Poultry : Pair Geeso, "NV. It. Robinson ; pair Wyandotte, cook nnd hon, W. K. Robiuson : pnir Malay game, cock aud hen, W. R. Hobin.«ou ; pair British gumo, cook und hon, W. R. Robiusou ; duck and drako, Rouon, Aylesbury, and Pokin, one pair in eaoh, Rouon, W. R. Robinson, Ayles bury, W. R. Robinson. — SiultUeiy : Ono set oart harness, A. Gaydon ; ono sot shaft nud icndiug bnrneB, A. Gaydon ; gentleman's saddle, A. Gaydon ; collection of soddlsry and harness, A. Gaydon. Theso exhibits woro inado at Mr. A. Gaydon's branch storo in OhnrlovlUo.— Jloot : Collection of boots und shoes, P. Field; pair racing boots, P. Field. Thcso exhibits woro also maunfao- turcd nt Mr. P. Field's branch' storo ot Chur- lovillo. Messrs. ICcogh und Co., had an ex cellent display of fumituro in tlio non competitive class, nnd Messrs. Beulo & Co. also had a collection of sowing machines, &o.;, nt the show. Tub Football Match of tho Season — tho return inatoh (Brisbauo v. Toowoomba) attiio R. A. Socioty's Groiuida tills afternoon. 8791 J, Schoolino has on article on oomprund intorcst in tho Strand magazine, (says an exchange) which sheds an awful light on that profound subject. Ho &ys; that if ono ponny hod boon invested at llvo per cent ut tho beginniug of present era it would to-day havo amounted to fifty-nine HOxtillioiiH of poundH, or a muss of gold -pro- puro to rocoivo n torriblo Nhook, ploaso. Ave you ready i'— Well a mass of gold twenty txiouk.vnd 3iilu0n tiiib llioobu than this kabthl ! J !—?—!— V-?— ! 1 1 — ! ! So all auy would-bo sextillionairo bus got to dot put a pouuv iu the vaviog bank, drop off off into a Hip Vau Wiuklo aiioozo, aud wako up to auuox tho uoivcrso. We bnvo received from tho composor, Miss Lily Macolistor, Brisbauo, a copy of tbo "Norman" waltz, which is dedicated by permission to Sir Honry Norman. Tlio com position is froah and varied, not too difficult, nnd. very effectively scored, being highly Buitablo' for ball music. Tlio "get up" of tho waltz la neat and pretty, Messrs. Nicol- sou aud Co., aro tho publishers, and judging from 'the fact that tho waltz lias already been made use of by Huob efficient muKleians as tho Trudn quartet and the Brougli-Bouci- cault orchestra, it should meet with a ready salo in Toowoomlia. A dalzikd's telegram says a funeral cere- mouy of a very novol kind lias just bcou celebrated in a village near Ameins, Franco. Tho deceased was pussionntcly fond of curd playing, nnd during tho lust few years of hi life did little elso. By tho terms of his will a puck of card was placed in hi coffin, wliiuli was borao to tbo gravo by tlio four host curd pluyer in tho district. While on tho road to the cutuatory a halt inndo ut u cafe at which tho dead man generally played, and tho mourner hud u game of picquet. Everything beiug thus curried out exactly u tho deceased had dircetod, nil tiioso wiio took part In tho strango proceeding received a certain sum of niouoy out of the cstato Teams continuo to ply (say tho Qttcnufoml Timet) botwoon Ipswich and many of tbo outlying distriet townships connected by rail way, currying loads of i>roduco and merchan dise to and fro. Shortly heforo 4 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon two largo waggons, each hoivily ludou with general stores, und drawn by twclvo bullocks passed nloug Brisbane- street, en routo to Dalhy. Tlioy wcro loaded at Collin's wharf at the rear of Mossr. Ginn and Hooper's old store iu Bremcr-street tho goods having been brought thither from Brisbane by wuter. As tho .waggons tra velled along tho thoroughfare, many of tho bystanders commented on tho matter of tbo competition between tho toamstera aud the railway. It is now some months uineo rood traffic was again resorted to as a menu of carrying supplies to tho centres of population iu the West, and thero sojins to he a likeli hood of this method of transit beiug can- tinned. Wu learn that the driver of tlio two Jeainn — M, rsi>. W. Byrne and J Groom - IcftUulb; yit tho 7th instant with a loud uf empty hogsheads for a browory in Brlflbnno, and arrival In Ipswich ou Friday last. I hey have a contraot to convey about nino tons of grog, kcroNcuo, and flour for storekeepers at Dnlby, aud It was with theso good that tnoir wuggons wcro loaded. Tlio goods nrrlvod from JiriHlmne by tho river steamer Mavis ou Tuesday lust, nud woro at ouco put on to tho waggous. At Toowoomba the teamsters in tend to add to their loads about uuothor two tons of goods. Tho charge for tlie carriago of grog und flour i £5 aud £2 6s. respec tively. Tlio teamster statb that their bul locks Htood tho lout trip well, and thoy anta- olpnto making trip butween tho two town for eomo tlmo to como. Mb. Alexander Brown, M.L.C., of New castle, bns ri»ceivcd from a ilrra of merchant, in Singuporo a lottor, of wbioh tbo following Is n copy : — " Last yoar's imports of Aus tralian coal show a marked falling off as compared with tho two previous yoara, ft resultof tbo depreciated dollar. Japan, on tho other hand, ha increased euurtnously, nnd this description In meeting with gradu ally- increasing favor, both with local and homo stoaniNiiip ownora. Wo glvo you figures for tho last three year's : — Australian coal : 1892, 83,009 tons ; 1893, 39,490 tons ; lbOl. 29.835 tons. Japan: 1802, 46,000 ton; 1893, 126,900 tonu; 1894, 19-1,392 tons." A cordial welcome will bo accordod to MissEtliol Turner' now book, "Growing g Up," which carries on that dolightful story " Seven Little Australians" "slipping ft little paco of years." Tlio volume may bo looked for in July or August. Tho talontod '1 young writer has also In tho press, u talo for older folk, although entitled "Tho Story of a Baby." A London critlo says of this: " A graceful llttlo tory ; very good reading , the clinractcr of Dot, is very bewitching." Ward, Lock & Brown will publish both book. A movement has (says tho Courier) bcon afoot duriug tliolnst fow week amongst tho German residents iu Brisbauo having for ita object to secure a German steamship lino to call at Brisbane. A meeting of tho Deutscho Vcreinigung, which took tho initiativo stops in thin mattor, was held on Wodnosday lest, Dr. Hirachfold in tho chair. It was finally decided to present a memorial both to tho Foreigti Ollico and to tho Reichstag nt Berlin for an extension of the Norddoutschcr Lloyd from Syduoy to Brifibauo. Tho mcinuniu Will AUl. lUIUI 1UU liupuuui.u Queensland ns roffftrd imports nnd exports. Special Htrcss will bo laid upon tho oxnort of frozon meat, livo cattle, horses, tallow, honey, &<!., direct to Gcrmuny, while on tho other hand it will be shown that Queensland might form a suitable market for good which havo hitherto been transhipped in England. Tho great number of Oormuu residents iu Queens land, tho investment of Gorman capital in Hqunttagcs und in tho opeuing nud working of Northern mining fields, and tho proximity of the colouy to Now Guinea will also bo H>intcd out. It is also intended to approach the Norddcutschor Lloyd direct, which is tho foroinoxt und most enterprising of all German stentnship lines. Tho work of drawing up tho mcnioriul has been distributed amongst Hovoral geutlomon best qualified to deal with it, and will bo biiHod ou official information. Further utops will he tukon as soon as this work is completed. The increasing nttcntiou that is (says the Northern Argot) being given to tlio cultiva tion of fruit in Rockhampton eau. bo seen by tho oxtcnBivo area of land within tho dis trict now being devoted to that purpose. It t impossible to drtvo within a radius of a good many miles ou tho North side of tlio river without being forcibly struok by tbo numerous plots of ground covered with fruit- bearing trooH. During a drivo to tho neigh borhood of Splitter's Crook a day or two ugo, an Argui representative was taken by Mr. blarvoy over his Rivcrviow Orchard. Though only nix acres iu extent, it affords conclusive Jiroof of what may be done by on entorpris- ng man in tho dircetion of securing to him self a pormuuent in&imo; with very fow years labor. It is only three years sinco Mr. Har- voy acquired tho land, nnd now ho has planted over 400 fruit trcos, 175 of which this year have yielded good crops. There are 276 oraugo trees in tbCtorchard. including tlio Emperor mandarin, tho Scurlot maudarin, tlio Frcntor nud St Michael, and other of the Europoau varictios. Beside theso, there aro loquats, pawpaws, Japancso plums, luuluuiug the well-known Rcdhcurt and ICelsio vurioty, pcrsimtnuns, mangoes, many varieties of peaches, guavas, aud other varictios of fruit. Portion of the ground is dovntcd to a viuo- yard, uud tho remainder i under cultivutlou as a kitchen garden, almost every description of vcgotublo growing admirably. Tho soil —virgin soil — is a sandy loam, tho only manure UHcd being small quantities of bono dust. Mr. Harvey i at tho present time do- riving a vory nico incomo from the salo of hi produot, nnd looks forward, io tho courao of a few years, to having ono of tho nicest orchards for its urcnia Rookhninpton. A case case which promises to present sen- sutioiiul ieaturcs, aud which, if tho Crown i successful, will (ways tho »S. .V. Herald) prove tho inuocciico of a man now undergo ing a long term of imprisonment, i hliortly to bo heard in ono of tho suburban polico courts. Tho cuho for tho Crown is that a man and woman conspired to injure tho cha- r" raotcr of a womuu who bccamo tho respon dent in a divorco suit. From tho fucts tho polico havo gathered it hcouis that two years ago a tradesman in ono of tho populous sub urbs died and his widow decided to curry on tlio busiucs. Sbo employed a married man to manngo tlio shop, and ho in tlio courso of time bccunio enamoured of her. It is ulleged that an arrangement wn mudo uith two parties to get evidence upon which to iiihti- Into divorco proceeding. It has been ascer tained that tho two peoplo rented n liou»o nenr tho residence of tho wife of tho mau, utul lived there ns brother and sister, und tho parties bccamo iothnuto u neighbours. At a given timo Uio mau called upon tho married womun, nud whilst in conversation with ln-r tho woman's lnisbnnd middculy api>cured. Upon his approach tho man, it is alleged, crawled under tho tablo, and tho circum stances appeared so compromising that tho husbund sued for divorco with tlio result that a decree nisi was granted, but sulficient timo hus not yot transpired to making tlio decrco ubsoluto. Tlio respondent protested her in- noccnco, aud was so gricf-strickoa at tbo charge: against her that sho had to seek re fuge iu a publio institution. There are other peculiar allegation whioh, if borno out by evidence, will bo likely to result inn senna- K tional trial. The Mnckay Chronicle offered prize to tho Stato School boy for tho best account of Mr. Tozer's visit to tho school. A good many papers were scot in, tho following being con sidered tho best:— "Mr.Tozer: Well, boys, what is tlio dato Answer : 23rd April. Mr. T. : What doe it commemorate? No au- swer. Mr. Tozer : Well, boys, I will tell you. St. Andrew' Day i ou tho 30th No vember, St. Patrick's Day on tho 17th March, and to-day i St. Georgo's Day. It is ulso tho anniversary of the birthday of one of our greatest pout - Shttkespero, Isupposo you kuow who I am. I am tho Colonial Secre tary, and I look after tlio polico forco so that tho streets muy bo properly guarded. I also seo that tho poor peoplo aro provided for, und I look after variou< other things. To obtain this high position I had to study nud work very hard, aud betdn that I had no mouey to help mo along like yon. I onco went to a Stato sohool. Now, auy of you boys may riso to as high and honorablo a position as I am in, ami to do thi tho first thing for you - to do i to huuor yonr father and your mother. A boy that looks after hi father uud mother i generally of «oino good, und tlio boy who luako tho best men are thoso who look after tnoir fathor and mother. You should also respect yourleuohor. When my teaehor used to whack rao I did not like him at all, but after I loft school and grow up I found that no had been ono of my greatest friend iu helping mo along. You may thon win a Mi,nJnnr scholarship, by which yon will bo ahlo to uttend tho Grammar School. Whilo At tlio Grammar school you muy win auother soholursbip whioh will tako you to a University. I kuow a man in Ipswich who wtiilo at a University won a prizo of £260 a year, which lasted throo or four years. As ho did not need all of this to keop him, ho sent some of it to hi purcut who were not woll off. After you leave tho University you may go buok to your nntivo town and ' affairs nud laws by becoming an alderman, mnyor,oreven n magistrate. Xou may then sit for Parliament and becomo a Premier or any other member of tlio Minis try. It is not often that tho Governor or any other member of the Government can got away to como to seo ynu, but when they do como, especially to a schuul of boys tliat Iiayo got as good a record as you, thoy geno- rolly give you a holiday, and I am going to usk Mr. Nelson to givo you a wholo holiday on Friday next, auu I bopo that you will en joy it and como baok to school on Monday morning thoroughly refreshed Ho was then thanked by Mr. Norria, and tho hoys gavo thrco cheer. He thou bid good-bye,- hboy flwaksohi" 