THE PROTECTIONIST'S HANDBOOK Sin, — Your Proteotionisrs Handbook oannot oontrovert the fact that tire farmor has to soli his produoe at tho London prioe — less transport and tho middlemen's whaok, or that tho farmor has to pay prices out of all proportion to tho prioe of produoe for iris machinery, rolling stook, implements and every requisites of tho farm. Farmers havo to pay not only tho duties on farm requisites, hut they have to pay a largo por cont. added. Let me jog your memory on tho bindor twino uwindlo. AVhon a duty of leas than Id. pec lb. was imposed twine was immediately raised 2d. por lb. aud farmors had to pay lid. of a riso for years. A neighbor of mino was in South Australia last year and saw a winnower ho considered superior to any tiling he hadsoen in Viotoris. Ha deter mined to import thia maohino, aud wbb fined £10 for his temerity, or in other words ho had to pay £10 in primage and protective duties for an artiolo ho could not obtain in Vic toria, baoause it was protected by patents. I presume this story is too axcruoiatingly funny for tho columns of 27ic Leader. It might set farmers to study tho " settled polioy " and load to risking awkward questions. Farmors aro gradually realising the faot that thoy are robhod by the "settled polioy" without any bensfit ncoruing to tho revenue. Light is epreading, and will spread, notwithstanding that the columns of The Leader are oloscd against hostile criticism of that polioy. Your " Protectionist's Handbook " falls as flatly on the agricultural mind as dish wator. — Yours. Ac.. A NORTHERN FARMER. Rochester, 13th May. Our ohcorful correspondent requires to bo reminded that mcro assertions, unsupported by evidence, do not constitute "hostile" or any othor kind of "criticism." Mr. Hawois, in one of his leotures, says, " No one over saw a < ghost, but many persona aro prepared to say j: that they know a man who saw a ghost." "A y Northern Farmor " has a neighbor who bought ' a maohino in South Australia beoauso it was hotter and ohoaper than anything he could buy y; iu Viotoris. If our correspondent will give tho namo of his neighbor and produce the machine for comparison as to quality and price thon we ' can get to busineas.- -Ed. 