ADELAIDE. fFromfttfrOwn Correspondent. September 24. Probably the "man most surprised cm reading last "Wednesday's papers was ypnr member,"Mr. Ash, 'who found from them that he had passed through a great danger of imprisonment on the previous .day without knowing anything about; it, be sides being made the subject of- toe first application ever made to the' Supreme Court to issne a criminal information. Condensed the facts are thaf six months ago Mr. Ash in the Adelaide Local Court defended a.Mr. Cleveland, who was sued as a bondsman under rather complicated circumstances. Mr. _W.,V. Smith ,aP^ peared for the plaintiff, who'was said i be a Miss Stevens, but; who did not give any evidence. A. verdict was given for plaintiff for something less than was claimed and Messrs. Kingston and Ash wrote to Mr. Smith asking what his costs ; came to so that the matter could be settled. Before the reply came they were told by the supposed plaintiff that the action had been brought .without her consent and she had no solicitor acting for her and would not recognise any payments made in the action. As payment under such circumstances would expose their client to the risk of a second payment, Messrs. Kingston and Ash tendered the amonnt due to the plaintiff and then wrote to Mr. Smith repeating the statements made to them as a reason for not paying the j money over to him. A few days later, some arrangement having been made, Miss Stephens sent a .written authority i to pay to Mr. Smith, on which the money 'was at once paid over to him. The I matter then ended until last Tuesday when Mr. Smith appeared before the three judges in the Fall Court and com plained that the letters sent to him by i Kingston and Ash constituted a most : serious libel against him by Mr. Ash, and as the matter was too important for the I ordinary procedure by civil action or Police Court information he wanted a 1 criminal information direct from the Fall Court against Mr. Ash. For some time <iihe judges vainly tried to find where the cause of complaint was, and then told Mr. ; Smith they could not see anything im moderate in the letters objected to and I if he felt aggrieved he must take the nsnal remedies. The Commissioner of Grown Lands has Introduced the amending "Village Settler meat Bill, and:,, as, was. indicated in those letters some weeks ago, its chief object is to increase the government grant to: the villagers from £50: to £100- per head. The Commissioner read what he called a balance-sheet, the effect of which was that the Settlements have a surplus of about , £9,000, which seema a, peculiar reason for another grant which may reach £50,000. From the figures given it was impossible to judge how much the Settle ments have gone to the bad. No account was taken of the many thousands of "pounds given bv the public and in- mak ing up the snrplns the Settlements were credited with possessing land valued at £26,009. This is obviously mere bluff, as the land belongs to the Government and the Settlements have not paid a penny on acconnt of rent or purchase-money, so it cannot be theirs, or even if it were it would not sell for a quarter of that .amount. Compared with the South Eastern districts where gums grow, the Settlements are very lightly timbered, and. yet their land is officially put down as increased in value to the extent of £2 5a per acre in consequence of clearing. From this the farmers can judge of the way the accounts are made np. With clearing thrown in it would be impossible to. find anyone to take the land at a pound per acre. The discussion on the Bill was adjourned; but on the' Public Salaries Bill Mr. Ash pointed ont the inconsist ency. of making further large gifts to thesBpeople from the taxpayers' money; while on the same day it was proposed to economise by not paying £30,000 which i had - been earned by civil Servants and Tailway men. As" usual Mr. Handyside had another motion for a polling-place at, a "Village Settlement. The number of these is now beyond counting and evidently an exten sive" pilgrimage will be necessary for candidates for Albert next election. September 28. Three new polling places were ordered by the Assembly on Wednesday, one of them being moved by Mr. Handyside for Pyap Village Settlement, which, of course, the Government supported. On Wednesday afternoon Mr. Ash moved " That in the opinion of this House a Bill to amend the Customs laws should be at once introduced so as to allow persons to whom lands have been allotted by the Land Boards to introduce, free of duty, from Victoria any farming plant, stock or machinery, which were the property of the applicants at the time when the lands were allotted to them-"" He spoke of the absurdity of the Crown lands department attracting "Victorian farmers to settle at Pinnaroo and then the Treasury preventing the successful applicants from going on to the land by , demanding high customs duties on their i horses, ploughs, etc. Fourteen speeches on the subject were delivered in exactly an hoar. The Treasurer opposed the motion on the ground that it was against the country's settled policy of protection. Mr. Handyside ridiculed the Treasurer's remarks about it being necessary to pro hibit settlement at Pinnaroo on account of the protective tariff and was severe on the Treasurer's suggestion that farmers might take advantage of the motion to introduce large stocks of drapery. Mr. Brooker spoke againBt the motion and : Messrs. Hawker, Bnrgoyne, Poynton, Short, Landseer, Price, McLachlan, and Wood spoke in support of it. Then seeing the "temper of the House the Premier climbed down and said the Government would oppose the suggested Bill, but would do the Bame thing by regulation, and he then moved an amendment to the effect that Victorian allottees of land be allowed to introduce farming stock, I machinery, etc., on giving a guarantee they will keep it on their new lands for at least six months. Mr. Ash accepted this compromise- but doubted the legality of over-riding even an objectionable Act of Parliament by a regulation. The Ministry smilingly gave the House to understand that the question of legality did not trouble them. The Legislative Council has been' steadily pegging away at the Pastoral Bill, which affords plenty of scope for discussion. A majority there have affirmed the clause that no lawyer shall appear before the Pastoral Board even if he is part owner of the lease under con sideration. On Wednesday after passing through Committee Mr. Ash's Bill to abolish various expensive stages in prov ing the wills of people whose domicile is doubtful, the Council took a rest and adjourned until next week. ■ From the beginning it has-been seen that the motion for remitting Customs duties bad not a ghost of a chance of passing this year, but it was not expected that the debate would collapse as it did on Wednesday. In four or five sessions Mr. Ash moved a motion for remission of duties similar to the first part of this session's motion, which, however, had tacked on to it a proposal for increasing the land tax. As about a dozen amend ments had been announced the Govern ment wanted to get rid of the motion so as to get time for their other business and consequently they persuaded everyone to vote against it. Mr. Ash came in as the division, was being taken and was placed in an awkward position. The rules pro hibiting speaking at that stage, he asked the Speaker to divide the motion so as to let him vote for his old formola and against the other part, but this was de clined and then he voted against the motion, which was defeated by a majority, of 18. As he was sure to be wrong in whichever way he voted, it is doubtful which side he ought to have supported. Proposers of remitting Customs duties and making it up by more land tax forget that the position has much altered for the worse since Mr. Ash first proposed this six 'years ago. Then as now it was seen that much of the added revenue must come from the larger estates, which then paid only a halfpenny in the pound, and it might have been said to be fair to make that a penny in consideration of the customs remissions. Sat since tben with out asy remissions the land tax on large estates has been raised to a penny and a fifth in the pound, besides the hardships of the bad times and patting on an extra halfpenny will be much severer than it would have been six years ago. There must be a limit to everything, even land taxes. The fact is that dnring the " democratic" wave of the last three years taxation has been heavily increased and oar debt increased in consequenee of large spending on many new lines of expendi ture, such as the wine depdt and village settlements, which will absorb as much as they can get. Although it is cheerful to bear that wool has risen in price in the English market, there is a serious set off in the prospect that there will be a very poor crop of wheat and light hay yields in the North unless heavy rains come at once. Men from the parched North have been enviously listening to Ministers' stories of the sheets of water they saw in the Sonth-East and wishing, they conld be transferred up there. A characteristic of South Australia is to be continually changing the policy on everything. Ten years ago to avoid a repetition of paihfnLexperifince two Com missioners of Audit were appointed so as to have a complete check on every public servants' accounts. Now to save £1,000 a year one of them has been abolished. In a few years some big defalcation will cause a return to the system just aban doned. Three years ago money was saved in one of the Supreme Court offices by getting a young clerk to check himself and for £80 a year do the work previously done by two men at £150 and £100. The clerk kept a racehorse, went yachting and generally managed to make his £80 go a long way without suspicion,, until it was found he had utilised the new method of book-keeping by adhering to £900. meant for the Government, by the people who paid it to him. Most of Thursday was . spent by the Homhnrg to recommit'the^a^c Series Bill so as to reduce the salaries of M.P.'s by L50, bat members decided not to sacri fice themselves and the Bill passed on.. Opponents are new. saying the Ministry never really intended to reduce all salaries over £75,. but merely proposed it so as to get the credit of attacking someone else than a few officers with .high salaries. If this was their object ([which is unlikely) they ran a great risk of over-reaching themselves. Next on the notice paper were the New Zealand treaty and another important matter, bat withoat any notice the Minis try adjourned these and so brought on an unexpected discussion ira the Bui for giv ing extra grants to the Tillage Settle ments. This was to please the " Labor" party and to wipe oat some of the bitter ness caused by the Pablic Salaries Bill. No doubt it was hpped to get a snatch division on the second reading,, as half the members left when the previous Bill was disposed of and both members for Albert (who are closely interested) were out of the Chamber when , the transformation was made.. Excepting by constant interjec tion. no " labor"' members spoke, prefer-1 ring te-carry the Bill, the success of which means two more votes for _ them. How ever, the Bill was not carried, as Messrs. | Hague and Howe spoke until tneadjonrn ment, urging that the House ought to be j supplied with information as to the posi- | tiou and debts of the Settlements before giving tbem £50,009. more of .the taxpay- , ere' money; Bofc fhe; Preimier and-the i Commissioner of Crown t Lands obviously resented the reqtiestffar " particulars* of what had been done, And the Government will try very hard' to: maintain the past; secrecy as to how pnblic money is being j squandered on these experiments.. Messrs. L Hague and Howe-ridiculed the assump-l tion that the land in the Settlements can f be valued' at £5 per acre, and said that if the fee simple were, sold at auction no { farmer or squatter would give more than £1 an acre for it. The Chief Secretary has gone to Mel bourne. The Premier is shortly going I lecturing in the North and the Minister ' of Education is absent in consequence of I the regretted illness of his children.. Ministers leaving town so often may' amuse country audiences, but country I members tell me it makes it exceedingly j awkward to see Ministers oh depart-i mental business affecting various dis tricts. 