[?] i,\f / . T The Withering of a Rose (Continued.) The' place was undoubtedly a lino object for any artist's study — its architecture, was well-nigh perfect, and all the surroundings were emin ently picturesque, though indubitably of a solitary and melancholy character. He did not see as much of Mrs Allingliam as ho could have wished ; she was often ailing, and though she invariably exerted herself to appear at dinner, there wero times when she was not equal even to the effort, and her husband, seated in solitary state at his glittering board, would make formal excuses for her absence. " My wife is vory young," he would explain, ponderously, " and is there fore inclined to give way to any trifling ailment. The doctor assures me she is suffering merely from a tittle want of tone, and the autumnal air depresses her ; there is nothing at all serious the matter." " She looks oxtromely ill," said Fane, impulsively. t "You think bo ?" and Mr Allingham . smiled indulgently. "I expect you T-»"aro not ncoustomed to the ways of women ; they put their looks on and off as easily as their gowns. In her present nervous condition of health it quite depends on MrsAllingham'sown humour as to whether she looks well or ill — it has nothing whatever to do with any aotually real organic mis- ohief." Fane swallowed a glass of wine nastily to Keep down tho angry remark that rose to his lips, for the oold oallousness of his host was almost more than he could bear. Befiecting quiokly, however, that it was not his 'j business to interfere, and that the less " he said the better for Mrs Allingham, he was silent. . .." You have not tried your hand yot . at the Haunted Merc ?" inquired Mr. Allingham presently. "No. I— er — the fact is — I have not yet had time to go and look at it." \- «' True — you have been very much occupied with the house itself," and Mr Allingham nodded approvingly — f and your work is admirable — quite admirable I But I should suggest your visiting the Mere before the. thejoliage quite falls; I fancy you' -wih-nnd-itiwell worth your sjudy,'" " I will g'd- to- morrow, ".cai'dSJLiVo. .And on the morrow he went. Jlq started early in the morning, ono, of ' the gardeners directing him as to whion path to iollow. When ho came in full sight of the glittering sheet of water he could scarcely refrain from nttoring a ory of rapture. It was so uijrauxuwaijr ucuutuui , una uuujj uluiuuuu surrounding it was so intense and unbroken, that ho no longer wondered at the reputation it had of being « haunted." Grand old willow trees, with'gnarled trunks and knotty stems, bent above its glassy surface, and beyond it in the distance the land rolled away in gentle undulations of green and brown, relieved here and filers with a clump of stately elms, or a tangle of bright yellow furze. The place was so still that not even tho twitter of a bird broke the breathless calm, and, powerfully impressed by the whole scene, Fane took a rapid pencil sketch in outline to begin with, his ultimate intention being to make a a, large pioture of it, with a view to exhibition in one of the London galleries. Boturning rapidly to the house, to finish what he had com- : ineneedthe previous day, he met Mrs Allingham walking to and fro on the ...teixaoe. . i'Hove you been to the Haunted , Mere ?" she asked, smiling. \- For a moment he could not speak. The pathos of her young face, the fatigue of her soft eyes, tho listless expression of her very figure — all this went to his heart and made him pity ; ' . her as he had never pitied any woman. . .He felt her to bo no more than a little .tired'-out child — a child longing to be taken up in tender arms and gently carried home. There was a slight tremble in his voice as he answered, ' with an effort at playfulness — , '.' Yes, . I have seen the Mere, but not the. ghost. Do you know, Mrs. Allingham, I begin to think you must ' be the ghost— you look liko one this .morning." , . .— "Do I ? I'm sorry. I hate to bo , / ill— my husband'y doesn't like it. I wiBh;I could get strong more quiokly." 'Are you feeling worse' then to day?" asked Fane, with a touch of real anxiety ih his tone, which made her look'ot him in grateful wonder. , Oh,' no"' she said; '.'I am only a little . 'run dqwn.t- aSWilo doaSHr- Says, _,and we&k.; Refold declares it is all a woman's nqmsense, and thinks I don't . exertmysslf to get well ; but indeed I , .dq. It.W very kind of you to take so much interest- " "Kind! echoed Fane, almost irritably ; then, looking about him to make sure there was no ono in sight he approached more closely. " Look here, Mrs Allingham, do forgivo mo if I seem officious or impertinent, but I can't help asking you this one question —are you quite happy?" Sbie glanced up at him almost affrightcdly, and meeting his friendly eyles, her own filled with sudden tears. ".No, I am not," Bho faltered. " But it is wioked of mo to say so, because you see it is quite my own fault. I ought to be happy — I have everything ' I, want." " Except — love 1" said Fane, in a ' half' whisper, struggling mentally with the' inane desire that had suddenly seized him to take this pale little child-woman in his arms and show her what the tenderness of love could ' be.' Bho looked at him almost reproach fully. "I think you mistake," she said, gently, with a curiously sad little old- world air of dignity. "Harold loves , me very, much in— his .own way. He is not of a demonstrative nature." Fane was silent. Presently she resumed in the same gentle accents. " It is not his fault — indeed it is nobody's fault — that I do not feel as happy as I ought to do. It is some thing in my own temperament. I fancy that perhaps I am too young to be married J not in years I mean; but in feeling and education. You see, being quite slight and small an I am, I have always bean treated more or less as a child. Even when I came horao from being presented at tile Queen's Drawing Boom, and fainted away all in a heap on tho stairs, my mother called me a poor baby.' You romombor what I told you at tho J Gutsck ?' — bow I had always imagined that married women must bo big and fat, aud impor tant ? IVell, really they are, as a rule, t and I am so different 1 All tho married ladies in this neighborhood, for instanco, look upon me as quite an Absurdity." Uu V»... . worthy of tUonuine. ' r,v \ , , S ttW vel.y impudent and ill- ! said Fane, hotly. -"'0 Oh, no, they're not," and she laughed a little. " They come and call on regular days, and ask me if |I am equal to tho management of such a largo house. Do I not find the servants a great trial ? Have I a strong constitution ? Ono lady always surveys mo mournfully through her pince-nez, and says' "You aro vory young and have scoured such a magnificent establishment ? And that is _ quite truo I Dunscombe Hall is magnificent — don't you think so ?" (To ho Continued.) 