STAOE, SOKfi AND SHOW. ' An Ideal Husband." Successful Production. "Faust" at Hor Majesty's— Saturday Night's Entertainments. If Mr. Oioar Wilde's play, "An Ideal Husband," does not wake claim to be classed with the best ol the modern dramatic works, it at least enforces warmly favorable notice as a play of remarkable literary value with the very essential quality of lasting interest. Its reception at the Lyceum Tbeatro on Saturday evening was of such a character as to sot at rest whatever question may havo arisen as to whether the work would be-judgod solely and simply on its merits. The verdict given by an audience that packed the theatre from floor to ceiling and frum wail to wall was one of emphatic and absolute favor, a happy condition due equally to the excel lence of the acting and the undoubted cleverness of the play itself. To declare that in this or in any provious play tha author has shown himself strongly gifted in the art oi construction would be something other than accurate, and perhaps no work of I113 has ntoro cleariy shown his shortcomings in this respect than the one at present under notice. In the expedients employed for the working out of the .story poverty of device is displayed on more than one occa sion, and here lie the weak points in the making of the play. But against that there is very much that compels admiration, aud justiiics the author's reputation as a writer of dialogue that scintillates with wit and smartness in well nigh evety line. Set your self with a cold eyo to analyse the epigram of a certain sat of modern plays, and tha result .carefully weighed out and propor tioned gives you a large percentage of stuff in which the process of inversion has been applied to an acknowledged truism. By the skilful employment of paradox wholesunto sentiment is cynically sneered nt, and with a iine polish of wit to givo the necessary piquancy you have a sentence which, properly spoken, passes for pure philosophy. In that respect there is, it is fair to say, loss to complain of in "An Ideal Husband" than in several other plays of the Bchool that conld be named. Mr. Wilde has in the present instance writtcu dialogue of exceptional cleverness, in which wit and cynicism are mostly allied to truth und a fair statement of fact. Society, which moans the parti cular set at which your knowing author mostly thrusts, is represented by a gathering of personages of a more or less shady type, and it is out of the mouths ot those that the pearls of wisdom fall. Two well contrasted types of character are those of Mrs. Chovcley, tho adventuress, and Lady Chiltern, tho loving and somewhat too trust ful wife. Lord Goring provides a consistent study of tho worldly, good- natured cynic, and Lady Murkhy is a capital sketch of the society matron, but Sir Robert Chiltern is unnatural almost to impossibility. "Other less important characters aro Bkoiched .'frith a light and skilful haud, a In tha basis the . motivo is strong, and at the outset promises well. Sir Robert Chil tern, the new Under-Secretaiy for Foreign Affairs, is a wealthy man, ana ho made his foriuno in one great, dishonorable coup some years before by Belling a Cahinot secret to one Baron Arnheim. Presently Mrs. Cheveley, an adventuress, arrives and, under blackmail pressure, demands of him that he shall, contrary to the report of a special commission, give his political sup port to a bogus Argentine railway Bchfcnie. Ho at first refuses, but Mrs. Cheveley holds the forcing card in the shape of Chiitern's compromising letter writton to Baron Arnheim. In the course of a strong scene he at first' indignantly refuses, but under the woman's inexorable pressure and for love of his gentlo wife ha promises to do as she wishes. Then to his aid comes Lord Goring, an easy going, amiable friend. Goring, by a strange una an absurdly unlikely chance, has picked up a brooch which Mrs. Ciicvclcy had dropped on the sofa of Sir Robert's drawing- room, and recognising it as having been Btoleu by her some time before ha employs it a; a lever in a little argument With her. In a strongly. written though ridiculously unnatural scone he tells her ho hus found her brooch, and, producing it, touches a secret spring and clasps it round her wrist, at the same time tell ing her that he recognises the bauble as tbo stolen property. She tries to find tno hidden spring, and begs Goring to reicase it. Driven to oxtremity site, to avoid a shameful exposuro, gives up Chii tern's compromising letter, which Goring — without even taking tile trouble to rnako sure that he has received tho genuine docu ment—promptly burns. Before she is shown out Mrs. Cheveley coucoala in her bosom a noto written by Lady Chiltern to Lord Goring running, "I want you; I am coming to you. — Gertrudo." This Bhe subsequently uses to try and poison Sir Robert's mind againBt his wife, but by another thin expedient the husband is led to believe that the letter was written by Lady Chiltern to himself, Tho " clean ing up" at the close of the play, apart from some particularly clever dialogue, lacks all the skill of the resourceful playwright. The play was ndmirably acted. With comparatively poor oppottunities Mr. Titlteradge mado a great deal of. Sir Robert Chiltern, and lifted a poorly-drawn character into the nearost thing to prominence possible. Iu his one strong scene Mr. Tither- adge played with characteristic force and akill. With tho best chances of tho cast Mr. Ward, as Lord Goring, certainly made strong claim to unqualified praise. With an easy grace and coulness ho touched the part with a light hand, and yet with all tho color necessary to a finished representation. Miss Geraldine Oiiffc, whose reappouraneo was cordially noted by tho house, commenced somewhat stagily as Mrs. Cheveley, but iu tho strong scene of the second act she rose finely to tho demand, and carried herBelf splendidly to the close. As Sir Robert Chiitern's trustful tender wife Miss Faber employed those quaiiiiss of sincerity und unaffected sweet ness that characterise her method, A re markably clover sketch of tho testy old Earl of Caversbam was given by Mr. Boucicauit, whose reference to tho "damned draughts" was, significantly enough, recoived with a louder laugh than any of the really clever lines of tho play. Miss Noblo as Miss Mablo Chiltern, a dreadfully matter-of-fact young person, was oxcolient, and Miss Talbot's Lady Marltby, was de cidedly ono of the happiest hits of tile even ing. Miss Temple, as Mrs. March- mont, Mr, Don'nington, as tha Vis- comto do Nanjae, and Mr. M'lntyro, as Phipps, were everything that could be wished. M r. Goatcher's interiors were onco more subjocts for deserved admiration. The play, with which the season will oloso on Friday, attracted an exceptionally large gathering of society people. The revival of " Faust" at Her Majesty's Theatre on Saturday night was one of those triumphs which give overyboav the greatest satisfaction. The house was absolutely crowded in all parts, and rcom had to bo made by utilising the steps and any available Bpaco unoccupied by ' seats, "Faust" in any form is one of tho evergreen favorites with Syd ney audiences, and the reception ac corded tile dramatised version on Saturday tu -.hi appears to indicate that Mr. Gilbort Parker's version of Goothe'o supernatural opera has tho greater hold on public favor. The staging of tho piece was on a scale of magnificence, with a thorough ness of detail which added considerably to the otherwiso attractive drama, Tbo acting, too, was almost above fault, and each participant appeared to do his or I or beat to make the production the great success it undoubtedly was. Thpro was perhaps too muoh interval between the acts, and on that account tho piece was unneces sarily prolonged. The i'mmouse audience re- ceivcd the piece with the greatest enthusiasm, and tho applause was frequent and hearty, Mr. George Rignold made an excellent Mcphistopheles, and several times 'he was cal'cd before tho curtain. His efforts wore duly supported by tho whole of the members of the largo east. Mr. Stirling Whylo as Fausr, the uged scholar, had a part after his own heart, and Mr. Scot Inglis, who was Fanst after the metamorphosis, acted with great feeling and judgment. Miss (Lgues Kuights made a charming Marguerite, and her interpretation of the character left little to be desired in any respect. Miss ICate Bishop was Martha, while Mr. Harry Plitr.mer was very effectivo as Valentine", and Mr. Cyril Keightly gave a good account of himsel fin ths part of Siehcl. Tile minor parts wero well takon, and ultogotlior "Faust nas apparently a 7ery successful season before it. Nothing moro attractive could havo been selected as a holiday piece, and Mr. Rignuld deserves the greatest success for the admirable manner in which he has put tho drama before the public. At the Tivoli cn Saturday hundreds had to bo turned i away so great was tho crash both at th? matinee and evening perform ance. Mr. Harry Rickards must surety be considering the advisabicness of enlarging the theatre. Miss Mario Luelia, announced as "England's prima donna and bur- lesque queen," made her first ap pearance, and received encore after encore. She sang " Molly Riley, 0," in tho first part and "Tho Alabama Goon" "subsequently. The new artiste fully sustained her great reputation, and is bound to provo a big draw. Mr. Larry Dooley, the American comedian, was never in better form, and had the house in roars with his funny sketch on "Music." There was, as usual, a host of othor talent who succoeded ' timo after time in ovoking the enthusiastic ' appiause of the crowded house. The pro gramme is one of the very beBt that has , been sceu at this popuiar theatre. The Fisk Jubilee Singers gave the second concert of the present farewell series at the Centenary Hall on Saturday night. Tho programme, as usual, was a very liberal one, and constituted somo of tho company's nioBt popular numbers. Mr. Orpheus M. M'Adoo was enthusiastically applauded for a remarkably fiue rendering of "Song of Hybrias the Cretan," in which his powerful bass voice was employed with great effect. Another number that elicited much commeudation was Miss Belle Gib- bons's soprano solo, "For All Eternity," Miss Carr aud Mr. Collins were highly ap preciated for their duet, "Oh, That Wo Two Were Maying," aa was also Miss Marshall Webb for a tasteful i rendering of "The Quaker." Tho choruses | included " Show Me the Way " (bracketed with which was "The Lord's Prayer"), "Religion is a Fortune," "What Kind of Shoos Are You Going to Wear?" " Look Away in the Heavens," "John Brown," "Gipsies' Laughing Chorus," "Been a- Listening." " Go Down, Moses," "Humble Yourself," and tho glee, "Oh Why Art Thou Not Near He." An attractive pro gramme is announced for to-night's con cert. There was, in common with tho other houses, an immenso attendance at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night, when to the cheering accompaniment of laughter and applauso " Littlo Jack Slieptjard " and his merry pals kept the ball of fun rolling merrily to the close. This ailernuon a special holiday performance of tho burlesque will be givon. The Lyceum Theatre management gives it out tor tho iniormatioo of all whom it may interest that the comic- opera season of 1SU5 will commence at that establishment next Saturday, when "Paul Jones" will he given as the first of eleven works to bo pre sented during a season of eight weeks. Toe box plan will open on Friday next. A number of members of the Victorian and South Australian Commercial Travellers' Associations, having como to Sydney to attend the conference to be held this week in regard to tho proposed federation of tho Travellers' Associations, were entertained at a smoke concert at tho local soaiety's rooms, 173 Pitt- street, on Saturday night. There was a inrgo attendance, and the president, Mr. George Ncsbit, occu pied the chair. Mr. C. Huenerboin (accom panist) and Mr. Edgar Strauss played a number of instrumental selections, and Messrs.' T. H. Rainford, Meredith and Jack (president of the Victorian association) gave songs, all of which were loudly applauded. Mr. Neshit was presented with a wedding gift (a handsome silver tea ssrvice) by Mr. Storey on behalf of tho New South Walts commercial travellers. Messrs, Brooks and Hargornu's Phantom Minstrels went through a successful per formance on Saturday ovcuing at tho Royal Standard Theatre, though the attendance was not as great as the performance justi fied. The familiar " Sweot Marie " was sung with feeling and sweetness by Miss May Conneli, and Miss Eflio Morella gave a lino rendition of ' Love at Sight." "Just Down the Lane," given by Mr. H. Overton, caused anuinberof smiles, and Mr. Campbell's parody " Be hind Mo " caused loud laughter. Mr. A. Brooks rendered " In Sheltered Vale while Messrs. H. Ovorton and B, Campbell, with Mr. Brooks as in terlocutor, performed with discrtion. Tho whole concluded with a weird representation of a thrilliug ghost scene, the stage lairlybristling with nether spirits, which danced and dived in myBteriaus evolutions', and to the strangeness of which delerium tremens was a calm sweot repose. During the performance tho audience fre quently applauded. Tho Lyric Operatic and Variety Company made a successful opening at the Opera House on Saturday, the theatre, which has been during its long existence tho scene of great triumphs and equally pronounoed failures, bearing an animated appearance which reminded one of tho house in its most flourishing days. The programme opened with a minstrel oct described us a " Bower of Beauty," Messrs. Joe Hamilton ana Charles Galvin, as hones, and Max RnmpU and Carl Holt, she tambos, making the fun fast aud furious. Mr. Holt, the " King of Magioians," earned enthusiastic enconiums by his mystifying performance, while a serio-comic) song by Miss Bishop and a double song and danco by the Raymond Sisters met with an equally gratifying reception. Mr. St. George, in the tree and oasy custnme of a stockman, gavo " Old England and the Now" with patriotic pathos, and Miss Soils followed with a spiondidly-executod skirt dance. Mr. Hamilton was intensely amusing in a " Salvation Medley," but at times was a ahade extravagant. Mr. Holt's ventriloquial sketch was ono of the succesBeB .of tho oveniug. Offenbach's " Broakiug the Spell," a spirited operetta, gave Miss E. Leslie and Mr. CuBelino an opportunity to display thoir vocal ability. The hill will bo repeated to-night and avery evening during the week. Tho noxt important serios of concorts at which Sydney folk will ho invited to attend will be those of tho Esty-Marsh Concert and Opera Recital Co., a combination which includes such fine artists as Miss Alice Estoy (soprano). Mdnio, Enriquez (contralto), Mr. Alea Mareh (baritone), and Mr. R. F. Cunningham (tenor), also Herr Gerard Vollmnr (tho highly gifted violoncellist). Each of tbeso Bingere comos out with tiic reputation of a "star," and during the shoit series which will be givon in Sydney patrons will be entertained with excerpts from the great oporatio works, given with shoral and orchestral accompani- 1 ments. The first concert, which will be of the ordinary miscellaneous character, will be given at tha Town Hali on Saturday ovening next, Mr, \V, H, Poole is manag ing diroctor. 