PUeLlSHED EVERY TUesDAY AND FRIDAY. P3rd Year. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 24,- 1895. THE Christmas -seasoni. which his been ushered in with thlecustomary preparationsand which will be observed with the customary festivities, is again upon us. Of the life of Christian countries Christmas is so much a part that local circumstances are never allowed to interfere appreciably with its celebration. Australians during the past few years must at'times have felt sorely tempted to suspend the Christmas gaities and for a year or two to have allowed the observance to go by default. The temptation has, however, been stoutly resisted and Christmas has triumphed gloriously over the depression,-scarcity of work, retrenched incomes, had prices and all that has gone to make up the sum of our Australasian trouble. There is little that is noticeably different in the celebration of the great Christian feast this year and, say, that of 1889, the climax of the boom period., There are now as then the family reunions, the suspension of all business, the goodly dinners, the generous libations and the almost exclusive pleasure seeking and pleasure taking that are the world-wide characteristics of the Yule tide observ ance. There is, happily, too, rampant that spirit of charity, of generous consideration for the poor and afflicted, which was incaruated in the wondrous babe to whose rude cradle shepherds and magians, the simple and the wise, were led on the first Christmas morn ing. The newspapers of the colony teem with the records of efforts put forth by Christian people of all classes and stations to make life at this season brighter for those upon whom the heavy hand of adversity has fallen. To-morrow the hospitals, the orphan asylums, and the benevolent institu tions -will be bright with Christmas tokens and their kitchens, common rooms and wards redolent with Christ. mas cheer. Not only will misfortune be generously remembered; but, in the spirit of Him whose hIrtlhtime it is, the wrong doing of the criminal will be regarded with chastened feeling. The prison cell will .be lrightened with seasonable greeting and the hearts )f those who for its own protection society has been compelled to deprive temporarily of their liberty will be ;laddened by indulgences which, >utside of Christmastide, amr neces sarily absent from the prison life. Whatever the scoffir may say and the sessimist may think, the Christ Spirit s abroad in the world, at this time at east. Would there were some power a retain it constantly to our earth, o that all the months and days of 1I the years might be pervaded by uis influence and controlled by the ore of which lie is the blessed entre. That was a happy tradition, laced on record by our national poet, that at Christmastide the cocks crow all night long; so that during that holy time even the perturbed spirits have rest and no ghosts can disturb the harmony of things mandane. Will the day of perpetual Christmastide ever come- the day in which the all pervading presence of the Christ Spirit shall lay every ghost of wrong and and injustice and oppression and wretchedness, and seal the doors of the hells from which issue the thou sand and one evils by which hearts are broken and tears are wrung I The time is not yet; it is perhaps far distant. True hearted souls the wide world over will, however, hope and look for it; and their faith will be re newed as each Christmas they com memorate the birth of Him the music ,of whose name puts fear to scorn And thrills our twilight through with sense of morn. ushered in with that peace and good will among the nations to bring which to earth was the peculiar mission of the Christ. It is especially sad dening that the noble friendship that since the younger people set about the work of nation building on its own account has existed between the English of the old world and of the new should be even threatened-and that5 as it would appear, in consequeuce of .hat are believed to be the necessities of a political party about to be put to the test of a Presdential election. War, always a thing of sorrow if not of evil, when waged between peoples of the one descent, blood ,and language, between peoples with com soon history and traditions and com ,mon aspirations and destiny, becomes foul and unnatural. That the august mother should be compblled to do battle with the western daughter of whom she is so proud, who owes her so much and who is bound to her by so many sacred ties, is too horrible to think of. This Christmastide would indeed be a sad one were it clouded with the serious prospect that the unscrupulous pandering of a handful of politicans was to make England and America rivals in the tented field. Happily there need be no such dire anticipation. There are already signs that in America wiser counsels than those which at first thrust themselves into prominence will prevail, that the angry hysterics of a few days back will be succeeded by a statesmanlike acquiescence in the position which Eng. land, with the approval ot every nation in Europe has been compelled to take up, and that the negotiations between the mother and the daughter peoples will eventuate in the interchange of Christmas gifts of peace and good will. To their unfortunate brethren of Armenia the hearts of all Christians will go out at this time. Those who are not sensible of the slow ness and care with which all negotiations affecting the fate of nations and perhaps involving the peace of the civilised world must move, will have found it hard to under stand the want of expedition shown by the Christian powers of Europe in dealing with the brutal persecution of the. Armenians by the Turks, in demanding strict account for it and in making its repetition impossible. No doubt the delay and what appears from this, distance-and viewed with the slight knowledge of the matter we can have-to bethetrifiing,are explain able and perhaps justifiable. It can be relied upon that the Christians of Great Britain, of France, of Germany and of Russia are in the fullest sym pathy with their Armenian co-religion ists, and that when those in authority see fit to declare for vengeance upon the persecutor and for such a con ditioning of his power as will make a repetition of his brutalities impossible, the declaration will meet with enthusiastic endorsement from end to end of the Christian world. England. herself is troubled with a little difficulty, that will probably be satisfactorily adjusted, in Ashantee; Italy is at war in Abyssinia and Spain is expending blood and treasure in suppressing a rebellion amongst her Cuban colonists. There are, there fore, still wars and rumors of war. The wars, however, are small and the unreliable. The peace of Europe ap pears assured; and there is the beat reason to hope that for many years to come the great Christian Powers will war only in their marts of commerce and on their stock exchanges, that the implements of attack and defence will be the manufacturing machine and the electric telegraph, and that their navies will be kept busily employed in the conveyance of their respective products from centre to centre. Australia is awake with the song of union. That federation for which all true Australians anxiously look was never before sonear athandas itappears to be at this moment. The federation movement of the past has consisted in congresses, banquets, eloquent speeches and the like. It has at last taken a tangible form and it is probable that before many weeks the Parliaments of five of the colonies will have made their arrangements for the election of a convention to be charged with the splendid work of framing an Aus tralian federal constitution. 'It must not be thought that the federal end has yet been attained. It 'has er tainly not ; Lut it is now well in sight. The convention will probably meet this year; and, if no hitch occurs, before next Christmas the federal constitution should be, at least, before the people. It is in union that the future of the colonies lies. United they will in the course of time grow into a great nation; divided, as now, they are in perpetual danger of overthrow and are exposed to con stant loss. It may be hoped that it will be many years before Australia passes again through such a time of in dustrial and commercial depression as that she has experienced during the past few years. It is still more to be hoped that if ever such adversity again comes upon us we may be in a posi tion to meet it in all the strength and power of a united people. We know )f no better Christmas offering to the ?eople of Australia than that promise sf internal federation and national life which we feel justified this morning n making to them, accompanying it with every seasonable wish. A special Christmas suppiement is issued ith this day's Time,. It contains con ;nuing chapters of the etory A Lady In ;lack, which is being read with interelt Ly ur subacrihers, in addition to a mass of 3ading appropriate to the eeason. In order that the membera of our staff Iay participate in the enjoymenta of bhristmastide, and in accordance with the aual custom, the Times will not be pub ahed on Friday next. To-motrow (Christmas Day) and Thurs- a Iay (Boxing D)Ty) will he observed as close n holidays in Holshanm. The bunks, public a ffices, the etfices of the Horsham Borongh t nd Woimmera Shire. Councils and the i Irrigation 'Trnus, and all the business houses :ill he closed. The days named will be the a only ones observed this year as holidays at the municipal and trust offices. The follow- I ing are the holiday arrangements at the Post and Telegraph Offices :-Wednesday : Poetal, money order and savings bank t ousiness will be entirely suspended. No mails will be despatched or letters de ivered. In the telegraph oflce Sunday I arrangements will be observed. Thursday : All post offices will be closed to the public a, 10 a.m. The first delivery only by letter carrier will be effected. All country snails will be receiv-ed and despatched as usual. l'o money order or savings bank business will be transacted. Telegraph offices will se open from 8.30 till 100a.m.and fromi 6 till 7p.m. The Anglicans in Horsham will learn with surprise and regret that in all pro sability they are about to lose the valuable services of the Rev. B. Thwaites, who has acted as their clergyman for the past three and a half years and who during that time has established himself in the esteem and regard not of his parishioners only but of all sections of the community. Mr. Thwaites was yesterday advised that, upon the nomination of the Bishop of Ballarat, he had been unanimonusly elected Iby the vestry of that pariah vicar of St. Arnaud,iu succes nion to the Rev. Edward Allanson. Mr. Thwaites has not yet definitely decided to accept the preferment, but he states that he does not consider hie would be justified in refusing it. He wade the announcement of the offer ycaterday afternoon to a meeting of workers in connection with the recent fair, and the hope was generally expreshed that he might find it consistent with his duty to decline it and remain in Horsham. Mr. Bonner said he might safely take it upon himself to cay that the news of the like'ihood of Mr. Thwaites' departure from Horsham would be received with regret by all claeses of the community. In any case Mr. Thwaites will not Ie leaving the town until February next. A Kewell correspondent is able to give a most satisfactory account of the crops in his dsatrict, where, taking them on an average, they are decidedly better than those of last year. The crops sown earliest are turning out the best and the largest yields are being obtained from land that has been put in The Kewell people were also favored dur ing the spring with a couple of showers not experienced hy culturists in other parts of the district. The advantages of intelligent and diligent cultivation arc, says our corresapondet, every noticeable, and the results attained demonstrate amply that it more than pays farmers to spell their land and thus give it a fair chance of producing abundantly. Mr. (. Nowotna, J.P., hal 180 acres under wheat: from this le expects to take three bags, or equal to 13 bushels an acre. Mr. Coffey has about 1000 acres let out on the thirds principle. Nearly the whole of this is looking well, somett of it exceptionally so, and both Mr. Coffey and his tenants are more than satistied with the way in which their arrungemeut is working out. Messrs. Jeitz Iros., who rent 300 acres from Mr. Coffey, have stripped 35 acres for 204 bags, or an averuge of almost aix bags to the acre. Mr. Peters, another tenant, expects fve bags. Mr. Luke Byrue, who holds 200 acres from this owner, looks for four bhes. Mr. Scott Lrwson, also a tenant of Mr. Coffey, expects five bag.e. Mr. C. Hlif, of Green Hills, estimates that his crop will run from tive to seven bags to the acre. Mr. Coffey is cutting a large quantity of crop with a reaper and binder and looks for the magnificent yield of eight bags, or nearly 35 Ihushela to the acre. The wheat promises to be of uniformly good weighlt and splcndid substance and color. The chairman of the Irrigation Trust (Com. Hobbs) on Satiurday waited upon the chairman of the Borough Water Trust (Com. William?) and endeavored to effect an arrangement by which the supply of water through the standlpipe on Church Hill would be renewed to ratepayers of the former trust. He proposed that the Bo. rough Trust should place a man in charge of the stand pipe and that auder his supeo vision water shonll be sold to individuals and charged for at so much per hundred gallons. To this Com. Williams objected that his trust could not treat with indivi duals outside its territory. He also pointed out that the cost of the supervision proposed would probably exceed the value of the water sold. He suggested, as the only possible arrangement, that the stand. pipe should be re-erected, the meter read at the commencement and close of the season, and the water supplied through it paid for by the Irrigation Trust and charged pro rsta to those of its ratepayers who were ascertained to have availed themselves of the supply. The proposal commended itself to the chairmarn, under whose instructions the secretary, Mr. Boltoo, communicated it to Com. Burgin, who lhad been appointed to act with Com. Hobbs, but who wa. unable to be in the town on Saturday. If the idea is approved by Com. Burgin it will he acted upon and Mr. Bolton will write to those likely to take advantage of the arrangement and ascertain whether they are prepared to guarantee the cost involved. On Saturday John C. Searle, described as a drover, was arrested, charged witlh oh. taining by false pletences 200 lambs,valued at £40, belongiag to James McGregor,at Kalkee, on the let November. Councillors Nowatns, Bodey and Greene, members of the committee appoitted to deal with the petition for severance of portions ot tile North and North-east Ridings of the Wimmera Shire and their annexation to the Shire of Bolung, met at the Shire Hall on Saturday afternoon, none of the North Riding councillors being in attendance. The copy of the petition (which Mr. Power, solicitor, had been instructed to obtain) not having arrived it was found impossilble to proceed with the business in hand, which was accordinely adiourned 'ine rfli Th, committee, with whom sat the President and Cra. Bushhy and Gross, decided that application should be made for the amount, £493, available to the shire under the Municipal Advances Blill. It will be for the council to determine whether the loan, when granted, shall be accepted or not. Applications must he in the hands of the Treasurer by the last day of the year. A number of prosecutions by the borough for overdue rates were listed at the loreham Police Court on Friday. The great nmjnrity had been settled, and in all brouglt to trial the borough obtained ordcrs. Proceedings have now Ieen taken against all burgeases in arrears, with the exception of nine or ten cases which are complicatcd by mmutgeges and in which it will be necessary to employ professional assistance. These will he dealt with almost at onae and the liability traced to the proper quatler and its discharge insisted upon. It is the intention of the Mayer and Cr. Williams early next year to make a house to house visitation of the proper ties of those against whom orders, still un eatisfied, have bheu otaltined, with a view of ascertaining the circumstances of the per sotns concerned. In every case in which it is found there is ability to satisfy the order without grave hardship a walraut of distress will be issued. It will be recoma mended to the council that in any case in which there is real inability to discharge the indebtedoness it be sritten off the boroegh books as a bad debt. Mr. Kenny hopes by this taeans to both get in a con. siderable amount of arrears and put the books of the borough in good order. In one or two cases indigent burgesses have been allowed to work out theirindebtedness in the streets and gardens. Councillor Con. Curran, who had been absent on an extended visit to Central Queensland, returned to Horsham by Friday morning's express. He looks well and hearly after his trip. Mr. Ton H. Turner, who had been on a visit of ionspec. tion to the Horsham syndicate's Lone Hand mine, Dundas, W.A., returned by the same train, and the syndicate's prospectors. Messrs. W. H. Vowels and A. Whelpdale, on the following day. Mr. McKinnon, who for the past eight months has acted as assistant Bible Christian minister at Horsham, leaves for Ballarat next week. He has made many friends in the citconit, where his ministry has proved most aneptable, and his departure will be greatly regretted not only by tnem bers of his own church but by the people of other denomina. tions. On Sunday evening Mr. McKinnon conducted his last service in Horsham, preaching an interesting Christmas sermon r.m., . S Matthlew It, chanter 1Rth to 91st verses. At its conclusion he thanked the people for their kindness to him and their appreciation of his ministry. The choir, reinforced by several friends, and congrega tion impressively sang God Be With You Till We Mcet Again. So far as is known at present no successor is to be appointed to Mr. McKinnon. Accounts are awaiting payment at the Horsham Sub-Treasury for H. J. Cross, Fire Brigade, C. Stehn, M. Turvey, T. Jenner, A. Wohlers, S. Wilks, G. J. Young, B. Breen, J. Elliot, J. C. Weld, Goroke Mechanics' Institute, G. Oram, W. Wallis. Mr. Martin Doyle, who for more than two years has filled the position of accoun tant and teller at the local branch of the London Bank, has been transferred to Talbot and left Horsham by this morning's express. Mr. Doyle was a very efficient officer and by his affability and gentlemanly demeanor, won the esteem of the bank's clients, who will greatly regret his unex pected departure. He is' temporarily suc. ceeded ly Mr. Mills, of Stawell, pending the arrival of an officer from Talbot who has been permanently appointed to the position. His many friends in the Wimmera will regret to learn of the death of Mrs. Hutch. inson, wife of Mr. G. L. Hutchinson, for merly district police magistrate. The sad event occurred at Mr. Hutchinson's resia dence, Fairlie, Hawthorn, on Tuesday last. It was quite unexpected, the deceased lady having enjoyed excellent health up to within a few hours of her demise. Mr. and Mrs. JM. Boley, of Dooen, sus tained an accident, near Horsham, on Sun day morning. They were driving into church, having a young horse in the buggy.and when oppositeMr.Thos. Young's residence the horse shied at a clog carrying a basket on its neck and ran the vehicle into Mr. Young's fence, breaking the hamts and throwing the occupants out on the road. He then carried the trap along for a few chains and. runnine into Mr. Itevlin' fence, overturned it. Mr. Bodey was badly cot about the head and face and both he and Mlrs. Bodey soetained severe shocks to the system; hut the vehicle was not much damaged. In order to make way for the new arrangements determined upon by the Borough Council, the inspector of nuiaances, town ranger, &e.;, Mr. A. A. Bolwell, yes teerday received a month's notice of the council's intention to terminate his appoint ment. The position of ranger, inspector of dairies, dog inspector, &c.;, created at the last meeting of the council will shortly be advertised. F. W. Bond has bean appointed clerk of courts at Dimboola and Mounted Constable Thyer acting clerk of courts at Natimnk. F. J. Saul has been appointed registrar of the County Court and clerk of petty sessions at Warracknabeal and clerk of petty sessions at Minyip. The Lowan Shire Secretary (Mr. Jas. Mussen) during his recent visit to Mel. bourne interviewed Mr. Taverner in reference to the wire netting adjustment with the Kowree Shire. The Minister asked that a full statement of the accounta be prepared, and a Goverament auditor would be sent to Nhill to examine such. On receipt of that officer's report, says the Free Press, the Minister would make an order on the Kowree Shire for the amount due for wire netting by the late South Riding. These liabilities are at the present time being debited to the Kowree Shire Council, pending the final adjustment be. tween the shires. Mr. Thomas McDonald, of Nurrabiel, has frequently shown himself to be a farmer not content to follow altogether in the old grooves. This year his experiments have been with Bax, sunflower and potatoes, and he has proved that, but for the unprece dently dry season, he would have been well compensated for his trouble and enterprise. On the 7th September Mr. McDonald sowed five acres with Riga variety of flsx seed, and, notwithstanding the drought, the crop has reached a height of 2ft. 6in., and is of a healthy green color. Unfortunately, how. ever, caterpillars are numerous and have done much damage by nibbling at the pods. From the Department of Agriculture Mr. McDonald also obtained 2lbs, of Irish flax need which was sown about a week later than the Riga and is now inlly six inches higher than that variety. From observae tion he is of opinion that a loamy soil is much more suitable for the plant than one of a light, sandy · ndl nob.e, nl s e :.. moist season a good return would be obtaino able in the Wimmera. The sunflower and potatoes have also suffered from the drought, having been planted late in the seaso,. The dog poisoner appears to he ogain at large in the town and several dogs, in cluding a valuable greyhound, have fallen victims to him within the past week. Owners of dogs whose lives they value will do well to keep them on the chain until the danger that threatens them has passsd over. Yesterday afternoon the infant child of Mr. Smith, keeper of the first gate from Horsham, on the Natimuk line, upsrt over itself a basin of boiling water. The young. aler was badly scalded about the legs and lower part of the body. Dr. Praaget was called in and under his treament the child, who was in considerable pain, experienced much relief. For the £2500 six per cent. loan placed in the market by the Natimuk.Goroke Rail' way Construction Trust no tenders were received. The loan was underwritten through the agency of DMr. Power, of Horo sllam. Last week DMr. A. R. Reed (father of Mdr. G. E. Reed, manager of the London Bank, Horsham) who has just retired from the manargement of the Geelong branch of the Savings Bank, 'hich he has held for many yeare, was accorded a public demonstration at the Mlechanica' Institute. The attend. auce was, we gather from the Advertiser, thoroughly representative,and Mr.Reed was presented by those who have been aesoci. ated with hlim at S. Paul's Church and Sunday School, the Geelong Infrmary and Benevolent Asylum, the Protestant Orphan As'lum and by the townspeople generally swith a lighly eulogistic address and a purse of sovereigns. Many very compli mentary speeches were made and the presentltion was feelingly acknowledged. Those who will be called upon to pay the income tax on their earnings for the current calendar year will be pleased to hear that the Government has seen its way to aban don the idea of increasing the rates. A curious sort of an action was tried in the County Court on Friday. William Cunningham Bruce, known in cricketing circles, but not to be confounded with the Bruce, sued William S. Blind for the re covery of £30 as damages for breach of con tract, whereby the defendant retained him to act as his companion for six months, at a salary of 10s a week and his austenance. The plaintiff said that defendant and him self were members of the New South Wales artillery in 1892, and they met again in Melbourne last year. Defendant complained of being troubled about a lady who had left him and gone to Sydney, and asked Bruce to be his companion, as he knew no one ihe could trust. The oiler was accepted, but not until August of the present year, as Bruce had cricketing engagements to fulfil in the meantime. The engagement was for six months. In Septcnmber the defendant went to Sydney, as he alleged, to try and induce a certain lady to return to him. Upon his return, in October,he wrote to de fendant expressing his willingness to resume duty, and asking for £9 salary anda sus tenance. The defence was that Bruce had been paid in full, and (says the correspon dent of the Geelong Advertiser) Judge Chomley found for the defendant. With the view of opening up a trade in floral carte-de-vieiteo between residents of Australia and the inhabitants of the Holy Land, samples of flower work have been sent to Victoria by Mr. Samuel E. Tiktin, merchant, of Jerusalem, Palestine. The letter accompanying the sample of floral card is as follows:-" In the name of charity, I beg you, sir,' kiidly to accept this flower-carte, being an attempt of my work with which I seek to spare my poor family from starving, and I trdst your generosity that you will not refnos your material aid from me and my poor helpless family." The Income Tax Rate Bill was passed through all its stages in the Legislative Council on Thursday, but not without some demur from members, as it was brought forward unexpectedly during the absence of Mr. Service and Mr. Wanliss, who, it was understood, have something to say as to the anomalies which had arisen in the collection of the tax. Sir Frederick Sargood suggested that the bill should be delayed until the amending bill promised by the Government was brought forward, and an adjournment was moved by Mr. Dowling. This was de clared lost on the voices, and the bill was then allowed to go through. J. A. Holmes, of Gooroong, has been committed for trial for sheep-stealing. Five Chinese converts were baptized at S. John's Anglican Church, Melbourne, on Thursday. Mr. H. G. Fulford (Home Rule Liberal), M.P. for the Lichfield division of Stafford shire, has been unseated for bribery. The Parliament of New South Wales has been prorogued until 4th February, and is not likely to meet again until May. Mr. Harper, M.P., Mrs. Harper, Mr. Hans Irvine and a number of other passen gers, quarantioed with the Australien, were released on Friday. A mean attemnpt to wreck a reaping machine was made at Mr. T. !,loorpoot's blades and bars of iron were placed upright in the ground through the crop, evidently with a view to catching the knives of the reaper. Foxes are becoming a great nuisance in the northern part of the colony. At Kiny. paniel recently 12 of the pests were des. troyed, by one man, in the course of an afternoon and three more were seen a day or so later. Part of a skeleton 'of a man was found recently hy a boundary rider sotne miles from Albaxutya. Some articles oflnothing, the remains of an oll swag and some coins in silver were found; also part of an old copy of the Argus dated January, 1894. It is surmiled that the unfortunate man strayed on to the wrong track ind perished for want of water. The remains were re moved to Jeparit. Thomas Harrison, 24 years of age, resi. dent with his mother, at Ballarat, com mitted suicide by jumping down a shaft 110 feet in depth. Alfred G. Herbert, a young man of the same age, residing at Ballarat North, who had latterly exhibited much eccentricity and violence of temper, discharged the contents of a revolver into his head, killing himself. He had been drinking. According to the observations taken in Queensland the rain early in the month had the effect of lessening the tick plague, but since then it has recurred with its former virulence. The ticks have attacked.kan. garoos, wallabies, and even snakes and iguanas. Samuel Smith, Edward Ellis (late editor), W. A. Holman, W. Woolridge, Patrick Brassi•, W. P. Gowere, Thomas Routley and John Love. directors and employds of the Sydney Daily Pot newspaper. now defunct, have been committed for trial on a charge of obtaining money from Walter Hislop, for the purposes of the paper, by false representations. George Robert Haynes, charged with shooting at his wife, with intent to murder her, at Coolgardie, has been acquitted, the jury believing his story that he intended only to frighten her. The fishing craft Mabel capsized in Storm Bay, Tasmania, on Thursday and David Appleton was drowned, after clinging to the boat all night, just as rescue arrived. Mr, Want, the Attorneney-General of New South Wales, alleges that Crick secured his acquittal by butching his partner, Meagher, and that Meagher offered to turn Queen's evidence if guaranteed against prosecution for having previously made a false declaration. MJr. Crick has instituted a writ against Mr. Want, claim ing £5000 damages for libel, in respect of this speech. A faction fight between Malays and Japanese occurred last week at Palmers town, Northern Territory, about eighty of both races engaging in the fracas. Stones, clubs and sti:ks were freely used, but no. serious injuries were inflicted, though con. siderable wreckage of buildings occupied by the rival races occurred. The leader of tte Malaya has been arrested, and other arrests are expected. A lad named Gallagher, living with a farmer named Lynch at the Brodribb, had a miraculous escape last week. lie was playing with a can of gunpowder when by some meais it exploded in his hands. His clothes became ignited, and were alnost totally burnt off him. With the exception of a few blisters he is little the worse for his exploit. Worthless notes of the defunct Provincial and Suburban Bank continue to be in exten. sive circulation. Business people should be on the look out for them. Forty tons of stone from the Bemm river East Gippslatd, crushed at the Bairnsdale School of Mlines,have yielded on an average seven ounces to the ton, without counting the gold in tihe concentrates. Mrs. Catherine Thomas poisoned herself at Warragul on Friday morning under tragic circumstances. She had been suffering from puerpernl fever for somo days, and while her nurse was attending to her baby ile got out of bed, and, saying that she wanted a drirt, _n.- -? carbolic acid. a- s "'e° ? u.e o' The largest assortment of sWatches,Clocks and Jewellery in the district aIt \W S 's. Prices to suit the times.-ADV-T. SORE EYES ! Beyond doubt MORRIt' IMPERIAL EYE OINTMENT is still the safest, speediest and best remedy in exis. tence. For over fiftyyears it has worked really marvellous cures in these colonies, as testimonials will show. Every household is advised to keep a supply always on hand, and immediately apply it when weakness or soreness is felt through duast,heat, flies exposure to heat or cold, excessive reading or writiag, &c.;, and thus save further trouble and expense. Avoid allimitations and ubstitutl s offered in placeof this valu. able Ointment. aving stood the severest test of time, no family can afftd to be wi??iut it. Sold Yerher it, pots,2s, codntaining nuficient for six or more cases.. 