ORlvfTiSW Haoes. [Written ««peciaUy for Tun Cuppen hy the author of 'The Bb;-ny CasVet,' oto.] CHAPTER Vin. - AN INTEUVIBW AND VV0AT CAME OF IT. There was no doubt of it being a case of murder. The {acts ware patent to anyone who took the trouble to look at them. Toole was found lying upon his face with a ballot in his brain near the corner of a sheep yard adjacent to the very spot where he had sworn that Winton had stolen the animals of Slangree. He had been shot from behind, the bullet entering the b*se of the skull and remaining there. His companion Pnrcell was missing. The police searched the gully from one end of it to the other in vain. Every tent, every hole and corner was searched, bat Putoell was mis sing. It was to those used to such scenes an ordinary every-day affair and the excitement soon died out. But to Barry and Eunice it meant a great deal. It meant the shatter ing of their card-house built bo carefully the very day of the eom mital of the crime. Slangree was nneasy. He felt that there was something goiug on for which he was not quite able to account. Bella had gone — nobody knew where — to drift into oblivion in the slums of Melbourne. His man Toole was murdered by bis mate, and he himself had a vague dread of a calamity hanging1 over him which he could not well define. He was walking slowly alonp the main thoroughfare at evening moodily brooding over his position when, on turning the angle of a large weatherboard and paling store he came face to face with his wife. Luck had not gone well with him since the trial, and he was sorely perplexed. When he came upon licr so suddenly and unexpectedly he started at first as though he had seen a ghost. Then the next thought which came into his head was that she had come to the gully to seek him. The very idea thrilled him to (he marrow, and his vanity was flattered to its utmost limit. The next moment, however, it was rudely dispelled, far she turned from him with a gesture of contempt, and attempted to pass. He caught her roughly by the arm and detained her. ' Well, my girl ?' he asked rudely, ' What might briug you here pray ?' ' Not to see you, you may be sure. Let me pass.' ' Come to look after your gaol bird?' ' 1 will not answer. I did not come hero to be insulted.' ' Poor thing. You did not think it an insult to me when you left me for him.' ' I insulted myself when I linked myself to you.' 'When I bought you, you mean.' 'No, thank God, no. I was saved that degradation in .the flesh, if uot in the spirit. My gaol bird, aB you called him, saved me. When I saw the man I had wronged standing at the church door, and I felt for what I had left him, I could not go to the thing I had sworn to love. But ? ' ' But yon have my money.' -:' ''*« ^B^aS&^wift 'IpBhlP 'every' penny of it to effect Winton's release and your rain,' ..,-.,. ? . . ...;,.... He laughed. 'lam not afraid. I've -spent a few pounds myself to have him kept safe. It's a life job.' ' Never. What can you do 9' 'Well, my money got him a month in solitary and the dark cells, and my money has sent him to the hnlks.' 'You mean that you have bribed Brookes to torture the victim until be committed himBelf.' *' Yon have jnet about hit it my dear.' 'Thank God everyone cannot be bribed. The governor ? ' ' Caused him to be sent to Mel bourne because he found out that the story of his gaol life was being talked of outside, and feared that his system would breed tronble for himself.' 'Some more of your accursed work.' ' You have struck it my love.' ' By the God above us you shall suffer. I have money— your money — and I will spend, it td your ruin. Scoundrels can be bought by me as well as by you.' What can you do, ^my tnrfcle dove.' ' Fll show you. Bella has been found. She will confess.' He started visibly and paled. It was bnt a random shot, out it told. His face betrayed bis guilt. Here was something to hunt op. If that woman would only confess, it might be a point. It might be the means of mitigating his sentence at any rate. ' What the devil can that ? confess about ?' he asked. 'WbatP You know what well enough. She can swear to a con versation between you and Parcell about planting your sheepskins ' It's a lie,' he shouted. A. lie ! By God ! She never could have heard it. She was not there.' 'Was it not concocted in her cafeP' ' She did not hear it, I tell you. And if she did, what would her word be against mine P' '.Parcell will be found directly, and he will confess.' ' Likely, They've got to find him first.' ' Yonr money will not keep him for ever.' ' It has got him somewhere now where they will have a bit of a job to find him.' ' You think so P I have a de tective, the best of skill in Victoria, searching the land through for him. I have another dogging you.' ' Me ? Curse you ! What can he do?' 'A great deal. Already he has nearly discovered who murdered Toole.' 'Purcell murdered Toole. Every body knows that.' ' Purcell never mnrdered Toole.' ' You seem to know a great deal, don't you ? If Purcell didn't do it who did, pray P' ' You did.' Slangree staggered back in alarm. Then he tried to laugh it off, bnt he trembled - and shook like a leaf. ' My God, woman, surely you are not attempting to fix such an awful crime upon me ?' ' I will do anything for revenge. You did not hesitate to convict Harold Wiuton of a crime of which he was innocent. I will not hesi tate to go to any length' to fix any crime upon you.' , A 1 f'*J?«UawJ **flifcVe'%thing to fear.' jt ? ' You have more to pr than you 4fVJHn.{-ft Jt have 4 Sn cow a chain: J)f (piroainstautial ^evidence ajmo|t good en&ugb; to hjgig you.' v ''Devil K Bf ? Ihatoagreat snindvtt) ol&keVou.; wberolpou stand And he rushed uponJher. She screamed and drew bac& but he caught her by the shoulfier. She struggled hard, but was^o matoh Cor him. She felt his fingers about ber throat choking her ntteranoe. Her most frantic efforts & of no consoiotisness, when suddenly his grasp relaxed, and ' hie was flung foom Jier,,and iay sprawling in the dnst. ' Dog !' said a deep voice at her elbow, ' X have a mind to kill you where you are.' Eunice turned and beheld the ?- huge form ot Barry at her side. ? Slangree stumbled to his feet muttering curses upon his assail ant's bead. . With his mouth full of horrible oaths he drew a knife and rushed madly at the other, who without retreating an inch, quietly levelled a pistol. ' . There was a pause. The gather ing shadows of uigbt fell between them, nearly iti darkness, bnt sufficiently light to show Slangree what it was facing him. A thorough coward, he held aloof. . Patting up his knife he retreated still mutter ing- 'You've got the best of it all just now, but take care I'll have your dog's life for it.' ' Oh, boast away,' said the other scornfully. ' I'm never afraid of a cur.' 'Cur, am I?' , ' Yea, a whipped our.' . 'By God you shall feel my teeth.' * Barry took Eunice by the arm and was turning to go when another matter arrested his attention. It was a 'sound of the clamoring of many voices and the rushing of men's feet all going in the one direction. Suddenly the sky was illumi nated by a bright flash of light and a long tongue of lurid flame lit up a dense column of black smoke. Slangree uttered a hoarse cry of alarm and dismay, and then in a voice of absolute agony called oat: ' Oh — ? that is my saloon on fire!' (To be continued.) 