IRISH WITCHES, SPELLS, AND CHARMS. The horrible case of witch burning at Clonmel has come as an extraordinary surprise not only upon the civilised world at large, but upon those Irish people who would have said they know the ins and outs of peasant superstition in Ireland. That superstition of various kinds is widespread we all know; but hitherto we hive believed that it took only gentle forms, and have been tender to it. Its manifestations we looked upon with something of the same tenderness with which we regard the exquisite legends that have sprung up everywhere about the footsteps of the saints, and would have said that the world from which the peasant superstitions had disappeared was a baser, uglier, more unlovable world. The priests, no doubt, took much the same point of view, and had no conception of the horror lurking in darkness in such minds as those of Bridget Cleary'e tortures. The belief in spells creeps up the very gates of Dublin, if it does not pass them. At Lucan, with its associations of Dean Swift and Vanessa, is, or was, a fairy-man whose business it was to remove malignant spells or charms. If your cows stopped giving milk, or your churning produced nothing but froth, you sent for the fairy-man. Th i last person I knew who employed him waB a former and horse dealer, who had fared with his horses as far afield as Vienna, and who had lived all his life among the proverbially sharp olass of men who deal in tbe horse. He could put his finger on the eoyetous neighbour who was stealing the butter from his churn, but how to-prove it waa another matter. Far better employ the fairy-man. The remedy used in this cade measly consisted in a ring of peeled witch-haeel being laid over the " dish " of the churn on the lid. There was a little fanfarronade about finding the hazel, howover. The wizard set out runnnig, with his eyes closed, by the wet hedgerows in a clinging autumn evening. Presently he came to a dead atop opposite the witchhaieL As he peeled and plaited it he muttered an incantation. "And you believe in all that, man alive ?" said the farmer who was the subject of the con "Believe ia it 1" pried tfw other. Sturdily. " Why wouldn't I believe in it ? Sure there's three pound of butter where there was one before!" I have been told of a fairy " blast" by the recipient of it. She, at the age of three, fell asleep while gathering blackberries on a fairy rath. When she awoke all one hip was black. Her mother took her to a blacksmith, who was something of a fairy doctor. He worked some spell over her at peep of day in his forge, and by means of a red-hot iron. But it was done secretly, since some one must suffer for the fairy blast, and since the blacksmith had meddled with it, it was as likely to be his wife or one of his children. So he wrought the cure while his good woman waB sleeping. However, it was the mother of the child who had received the blast who was taken a very short time afterwards. E veryone understood when she died that it was in order that her child might be spared. Another woman told me of a castle possessed by fairies in the county Gal way. She said she had often stood outside the walls At night and seen the windows lighted up, and had heard the music and dancing and the swisbiog of silk dreBses. The joung owner of this castle was taken by the fairies in his youth. He was rapt away one midnight, and an old, uncanny imp left in his place. Often when the nurse or mother had left the room for a moment they would hear within the changeling playing on a tairy harp. After a twelvemonth they found a wise woman to break the spell, and as suddenly as it had gone tbe rosy mortal babe was restored to its cradle, and the elf whisked away to fairyland. I talked a little while ago with a woman who had seen the banshee. As a child she had lived with her aunt, and the old woman, being taken suddenly ill, died, without any other companion. When she was dying the child orouched on the bedfoot, her eyes hidden in terror, but suddenly looking up was aware of something shading the window. It was a small pale woman's face, with wild black eyes, and the black hair floating like a veil showed half-transparent against the moonbeams Every Irish peasant is fall of stories of ghosts. If one happens to be protecting you on yout way home from the train of a dwk night, a« often fcefell me, and jou get him in the mind, he will make the hair of your head stand up. If you try to exploit him, however, he is mum. It is only a sympathiser who will hear bis ghostly experiences ; and a disquieting thing is that the worst thing will have invariably happened to him on the very road you are taking. At this very spot of the road be waB first aware of the unnaturally tall veiled woman who swept by him without speaking; or over there, in the dark ditch forenenst you, be heard the chain clanking as the black dog rushed by in the stormwind. Such things are kept from the priests till they have to be discovered. Curiously enough, the pastor himself is not exempt in the popular mind from a certain unlucky influence. " A priest's marriage " that ie, one arranged by a priest—is proverbially unlucky, and cattle-dealers fight shy of a i- V M\ b: priest's cow in the fair.— " An Irishwoman,*' in the Pall Mall Qazette. 