Select Poetry. THE NEW ' YEAR. : I stood botwoon tbo moetiug Years, Thocomingund tho past, And Iask'd of tho future ouo, ;.j ' ... Wilt thou bo like tho lust?-, V'' ' Tho same iu many a sleoploss night, In many an anxious dny r Thank Iloavou ! I have no prophot's oyo To look upon thy way ! For Sorrow like a phantom sits Upon tho last Year's close. How much of griof, how much of ill, In its durk breast repuso I Shadows of fadod hopos flit by, And ghosts of Ploasures iloil ; Howliuvo they chang'd from whatthoy Cold, colourloss, unu (load. wore I think on inany a wustod hour, And sicken o'or the void; And many durkor are behind, On worso than naught omployod. Oh ! Vanity, Mas ! my heart ! i How widely hast thou struy'd, And misused oyory gohlon gift For bottor purposo mudo f I. think on many a onco-lovod friond As nothing to tuo now ; And what can mark tho lapse of tirno As doos an altor'd brow ? Perhaps 'twas but a careloss word That savored Friendship's chain ; And angry l'rido stands by caob gap, Lost thoy unito uguin. Loss sad, albeit more torriblo, To think upon tho doad, Who quiet in tho lonely grnvo Lay down thoir weary head. For faith, and hopo, and pcaco and trust, Are with their huppior lot; Though broken is thuir bond of lovo, Atloust we broko it not. Thus thinking of tho mooting Years, Tho ooming and tho past. I needs must ask tho future oho, Wilt thou ho liko the lost ? There camo a Bound, lint not of spooch. That to my thought ropliod, ' Misery is tho marriage gift That waits tho mortal brido ; ' But lift thino hopos from this boso earth, This waste of worldly, care, And wod thy faith to yon blight sky, For Happiness dwolls thoro !' Somo pcoplo uso olio-half of their ingen uity in getting into dobt, and tko othor half to avoid paying it. In Eastern Turkestan sliocp are com- monly used as boasts of burden. It is said that they moko oxcollent carriers. Tho Derby was ruunod attor tho thirteenth Earl of Dolby, by whom the race was founded; and tho Oaks was named aftor his .lordship's favourite hunting-soat ut Woodinanstsrno, in Surrey. , Wo should koop our scorn' for our own weaknosscs, and our blamo for our own sins, certain that wo shall gain more in struction, though not umusemont. by hunt ing out tho good which iB in anything than wr linntino' mifc thn nvil. A vory neat definition of tho word ' sua- ( picion' was that given by a jealous husband — A suspioion is a fooling that impels you I to find out something which you den't wish ' to know. Gentlemen, I introduce you to my friend, who isn't as stupid as ho appears to bo.' Introduced friend, with vivacity : That's precisely tho difforenoe botwoen my friend and myself.' Boy (in reading class) : " ' And as she sailod down tho rivor ' ' Toaohor : Why are ahips called ' sko' ? . Boy. (precociously nlivo to tho responsibilities of his sox) : fieeauso they need men to manago them. Botanical old gont (in Brighton gnrdons) — Can you tell mo. my good man, if thie plant' belongs to the 'Arbutus' family?' Gardener (curtly)— No. sir, it doau't. It b'longs to tho Corporation. Miss Pinkorly— Why, Mr. Tuttor, what are thoso little pockets for in tho sleeves of your overcoat P Tuttcr— Don't you brow, really. Why, thoy are for a lady to put hor hand in. I will show you if yoti will , let ma have your hand. Miss Pinkerlev — Oh; Mr. Tuttor— Goorgo— this is so sudden. Ons of Walter's front teeth was loose, and bis mother cautionod him to be careful lest ho lose it. ' Don't bo afraid,' ho said ; ' it isn't half as loose as my fingers havo . always been and I haven't lost one of thorn yet.' Mrs. N. — I see a lot of married wheel- : men have formed a bicycle elub and named it the Homoless Club. Does that moan that thoy havo no home P Mr. N. — No ; it only means that they will now be homo loss than over. Little Johnny— Please give me some mare jam on my broad P Auntie (proudly) — You like my jam, don't you P Johnny — \- Yes) auntie. It is almost as good as what we buy in the store. Moneybags— And so you oxpoot to sup port my daughter on two pounds a wcok P Olarklbts— Yes, sir. Moneybags — Well, go ahead; my heart rofusos,out my pocket- book consents. . Sho costs mo thre'o pounds. V 'Irritated Parent — Oh, Willio, Willie! you will drive mq crazy. Willio— What would you do, ma, if I was triplets P Little boy — Please, I want the doctor to como and see mother. Servant — Doctor's out. Where do you, como from? Littlo ooy — ' iiul . uuu t juu jsiiow uiu way, we deal with you; we had a baby from horo last weok. Grecor— I find your son bright and onor- getio enough, hut I'm afraid that ho'a ' hardly adapted to the grocery business. ' Father — What's the trouble with him. Grocer — Why, the first thing he did whs to begin nicking the dead files out of the dried currants. Policoman (in citizon's dross to brotbor officer , in bar on Sunday morning) — It's ' whisky, Donis, and we'vo got tho waiter doad to rights. Shall I arrest him now? Denis— No ; lot's havo a few moro drinks first. What Kind, En P— Chauncoy M. Dopow. Fresidont of the Now York Control road, recently issued an ordor to passenger brako- men directing thorn to ' step insido tho ear door and call out tho nnmO of the station in a clear, distinct, tenor voico.' .A few. davs later ho roceivod tho 'following note : " Dear Sir : Wot kind of a tonor voice da you eckspect to hire for forty dollars a month? Yours truly, Jim.' Two Bohemians at acafs: What hap pened to you. old chap? Did you got a situation P Oh, I'vo loft journalism, and gone into trade. I'm now in the furniture , business. . And havo you sold any ? Yes, my own. Conning and another gentleman were looking at a pioture of the dolugo ; tho ark was in the middle distance; in tho fore-sea an olophant was soon struggling with liis £ato. ' I wondor,' said tho latter,, ' that the elephant did riot" scours ' an inside place.' ' He was too late, my friend,' said Caniung; ' ho was detained packing up hip trunk,' 