XCKJEGr PEOPLE: RUNTED BY Jj TIGBESS. IN THE DEPTHS OF A'JUNGEE. /[By. Charles J. Mansfohd,; B.A.;, author of " Shafts from aii Eastern Quiver," &c.j; ."A- great: many/years have, come and gone j since I, George "West; met • with the strange adventure which I am about to relate.- At the i time it. occurred ray father .was paying a visit to an important Indian dignitary, whose son, I Ahmed, and X had beenfo iCtontogetheiv bo, when.I went to Eton, in my. fifteenth 3 when.1 went to Eton, in my. fifteenth year,; Ahmed accompanied inC, and "before long we were; together.;--spending.: a - long holiday in "Assam. -vA.....' /'-'■ /-■.. .The Rajah, Ahmed's father, had. arranged, a tiger;hunt in.houor.or my father's visit to him, and after much pereuasion he. agreed that, we two boys should join in-the spore.. Everything was arranged iu due course, and several,.well-ichown ; natives of position were invited' fo join.-.: When-; a ,few .days had elapsed, a Hindoo servant came running in to' report that the spore of a tiger had been dis covered iii some swampy tangle near, the banks of1 the Brahmaputra. It was. settled, there fore,- that on the next morning an early, start should be made for the spot.. ... ;-/, But, to ouivgreat 'chagrin, on' that,very morning my -father was summoned away :to Shillong. intheKhasi hills',. and . all hope, of my sharing; in/the sport seemed at an end. The "Rajah, however, seeing , nay disappoint . merit,'; won froin my father. a :reluctanb .con sent that ;I.should-be, allowed .to go in. charge of a native frierid of his; for the Rajah himself determined to accompany my father,part of the way he'was going. • . • ? * ■ "So Ahmed.andXclimbed joyfully into-the howdah which the Rajah owned, -and, , with, "the friehd of the Rajah whom I have men tioned, we joined the others, who were waiting for us', about .a .mile.ahead, on the .verge of .a -swampy region.-through which we had to pass. The entire' party, numbered—including the mahouts', or ch-ivers—twenty-six, sixteen ,of whom were: carried by the. elephants we had, while the remaining- ten were Hindoos, who carried 'poles, with which they beat the high jungle" grass, to- drive out any game, that: inisrht'be lurking there. ; . •Before we had advanced half an .houiv out from a mass, of tawny, sun-scorched grassleapt a splendid tigrefs. In an instant the Hindoos who were beating the grabs ran away for their lives, while those in the first howdah fired at. the striped brute. 7 The tigress was,hit by a bullet, which; how-; ever, only wounded it slightly, , and, furious with pain, the : beast sprang right bp at thb howdah in which we were .ridin g, although we •had noi as" yeir. fired at it.Irad, the Rajah's friend, wlio. was with us, levelled his. gun at her and we followed his example, but, from the unsteadiness pf' pur elephant, norie of the shots "told. ' - - 7 ' :. .With, teeth, and claws the, tigress .hung grimly oil to. the .elephant, whereupon the latter, with a, scream of .pain, turned and dashed into the jungle, withits foe still cling ing desperately on". • - , •We all tliree' learit over the side of the howdah, wheri, by some carelessness pf the Hindoo servants, the fastenings of the howdah gave way, and: we. were, flung headlong from the howdah to the ground. ; ',"/ /■'Our elephant,'. shaking itself; free from its foe, gave a lbridtrufiip of fear find dashed off with the mahoufcr who tried; in vain to keep it back; the other elephants folloiving suit.7 . Left alone- to face, the'. maddened " tigress, the Rajah's friehd shouted to ris to follow him, and : we dashed; througha. .patch . of rough ground oiilytosestheman. Iiurledfiat upon his'facfiby a blbw'frbm the great brute's paw, ari the tigress sprang rightambng-us. p ; Eorgetting our .own danger in the excite ment,-Ahmed and.-I turned about, and club bing our rilles, rained blbws with all our force upon the tigress';. Yet, for a few seconds, the tigress seemed.to forget our very pfesence, as she mauled' with teeth and. claws the; unfor tunate native whom we had accompanied. As we stood-there trying to get. the tigress to release her victim, we heard a iveird cry or howl from: the neighboring jungle. The tigress raised her'head for a minute, and when the sound was. repeated, suddenly left her victim, bounded past us, and disappeared. ''What are we to do?' I asked Ahmed, as we saw that the- man- whom the tigress had attacked was quite dead. " ' •" There is only one thing we. can do," he answered, "and that is to try and find out what lias become of' the rest of the party. They, cannot be far from here, and, as it is, .we may at any moment be attacked by the tigress- I wonder why she went off and left us unmolested?" " There was some cry' from the brushwood yonder,"' said I, and even as I spoke the cry was repeated. "Harlc," cried Ahmed,- "do you hear that?" • I nodded assent. A second time the sound smote upon our ears. "Whether the tigress is there, or not I mean to see what the cause .of- that sound is, " said ' Ahmed to'me;' "Gome on, George; we may get a chance to' fire another shot at the tigress. ICeep youreyes well open, and if the brute pounces out keep your face to her, and wliat ever;you do When you fife at her don't miss." I followed Ahmed, but we advanced some; way before we found out what was the cause of our being left unhurt by the "tigress. / Suddenly. Ahmed caught me by the arm. " Look ! 'he whispered, " the tigress is lying down in-thai' patch of grass." /•■--. -We stood still, .and. there I saw the tigress lying among a. mass of beaten-down jungle grass,- as striped and tawny ..as herself," and sporting • about licr and licking her ■ blood stained jaws were two little cubs. : • .Whether, as .we moved away a little so as to conceal ourselves from: the; tigress's view, the animal- heard the rustling of the dry grass or not, .we eoiild not tell. Instantly the tigress rose, and after glaring about her for a few seconds she picked up the larger of the. cubs with her teeth and bounded off with it, leaving the other unprotected; intending, no doubt, to return for it. . / : ; - ■ :■/, The tigress had no sooner gone than Ahmed darted forward .'and seized the cub which was left behind, and which looked more /like a, . harmless: yellow ball of wool than; the offspring of the-.'fierce; creature which had drilled-the Rajah's friend, i•;■/. ,., .The cub curled, itself up in Ahmed's ai-ms and purred with .delight like a kitten.-. -. " Come on," said Ahmed .to me ; " we., will take this back- home;.as a' trophy—-which is more than the others will get.".. ; - /-. , ; 7 / -O ur way; as we thought, lay in. the opposite; direction to that in which the. tigress had gone, arid. we.set out at ;a :riin, hoping to put a good distance between, ourselves-and her/before she returned, and discovered her loss; - ■The. only; guide; we' had on our homeward way was the sun, and before midday,-as is so often : the. case.- in. India, the sky. became obscured' and-a' heavy storm broke over us, so that we had to .plunge into, some; thickly wooded land .to get what protection-we_ could from the blinding, storm of hail and rain." • ■Two hours afterwards we: were standing and talking, together, each of us. with; a pale and serious face.- - 7.: • •• " It's a bad job for us,"-said Ahmed at last; "there is no doubt about it—we have, lost our ■way.' - / /■ ... "Then we must .find it, that's all,'' I answered in. a tone intended to make light of our misfortune. ' "Bve mo doubt if we go on in this.direction. for an hour, or even less, we shaU get out of;tins wooded district, and then we shall soon be able to get on the right track for your home."; , . . , All that afternoon we wandered on and on, occasionally. trying/new ^paths arid returning to~our.old;ones; as we found the undergrowth too dense to penetrate. The afternoon'came and went; dusk—short arid sririR—turned into night and still we could find no way.: We went on side by side together, the pne' fact ringing, in our ears that we were lost.', ^ . Ifrom sheer exhaustion we stopped at last and rested , on .the trunk of.' a tree that lay in our path./ / , All thaf'we could hear was bhe stray note of an' occasional bird,,or the cry of a bat; - Some times the -wing 'of a huge ■ moth, brushed against our faces, or a luminous fly danced like "ahniniature star. before us and then was ; Tiie silerice was = becoming appalling—when we heard the rustle ot dead leaves, as if some one was following'ris. We shouted and halloed with all our, might—/but no answer was re turned. We got rip and walked desperately and doggedly, on. and on, Ahmed still carrying the tiger cub. . .. A second time we heard that strange rustling of the ;leaves.We stopped, and..the sound : ceased instantaneously. What could it be ? - We - went: on again, and the rustling began once more." The . thing was- so strange that we hotli began to feel moire startled by it than by theadventure we had had and the alarming fact that we were lost.. - ■/. Agairi we stoppedi arid again, the rustling behind us stopped also !.' , "What do you .think it can.be ?" I asked Ahmed, with 'parehed hps that almost refused their office. . ' . . .; " ... ' "I don't.lcnow; let us .go on. . Oh!, if only moming would come!" , , / • Again we went on, _ and "again the rustling sound rose from behind us. Backward " wo looked many a time, but, still we could see nothing. A shiver mix through-our frames ; we had lieard many a Hindoo story of ghosts arid laughed at them, but in the nervous, .ex cited state ivhich'held" ris .then we'began to think that' something more than. huriiau was following in our wake. "I will find out wliat it is that dogs our footsteps so," said. Ahmed to me as we still went resolritely oil; /" the way seems pretty straight ahead now; if you go in the path "we are taking now. I will -strike into the under growth and lag a little behind, so that if any thing appears I may see it. After .a while we will change places, arid you can then watch'in turn if anything.'follows ine." •I did not approve pf Ahmed's plan, but he pressed nie to carry it out, and at last I agreed. So l went on as before/ but after ■& quarter of an liour or more had passed-and no sodud broke up'oh my. ear I waited for Ahmed to join me. ■. "•• • : " ; ' " What did you hear ?" he asked me, when he came'tip. . • "Nothing," I: responded; "there was no sound of anything or anyone following me, and you were walking too cautiously for me to liear your footsteps." "Then I had the better of you," lie an swered with ah. "attempted sihile; "for most certainly something followed/me /" " : .'•What'" do you meanf'rI asked; "speak out ; if you saw "anything, tell me what it was." : ' ■ ' . ; ■ " It is- exactly /what! have suspected, although I did nob care before to tell you tny susiheibhs—we are being tracked . by that tigress.whose cub l am carrying." We had just reached' the border of the forest and were "emerging upon opemground, when suddenly the black night grew brickt as day as the moon/ shone out "from the purple, storm-rent clouds; My face, no less - than Alimed's, was paleenongh to see^ as with himl realised our common danger. " ' "Shall I let' the cub" go5" -Ahmed asked. ;" If that is why the' brute"' is' tracking us, no doubt" she wUb snatch up her cub and. go off with it, leaving us unmolested/' •; We hull do: that as a last resort," I answered, -unwilling, after all our difficulties, that we should lose the cub we had obtained. •' r "Very well," saidAhmed calmlj'; "as you like—only I think my plan the better of the two. If you like to carry the cub, well and good—take it." He held. ,out the yellow-looking bryll to me, and, just as I took it in- both -hands,-1 caught sight of something moving stealthily behind us. /'// / / •;' ,.;/'" There was no'need- to conjecture what was following us.' Witli glaring eyes aflame, witli white gleaming fangs .and cat-like crouch," the tigress beat for a moment almost flat .in the jungle grass, then' leapt, with one' tremendous leap full at me/ How the tigress missed her prey Tlmbw not—whether she inisiudgedVher distance or I slipped down or moved at that critical moment, to this very day I cannot re call. All I know is that I saw Ahmed rum hing hack towards the forest arid. after him I went, still holding the cub fast'under my arm. /' Quicker than I can tell Ahmed had swarmed a thih-truiilced tree, and I. was trying to follow suit when once more the tigress hounded upon nie.: I flung the cub upwards, and saw Ahmed deftly catch it as he "rested upon a branch'; then instantly I fell down, face rorward, as the tigress beat nie down like a straw beneath her terrible paws. : As Hay there a: shout'and a confused din smote upon my ears—and the tigress rose from my body. • ' _ j : Mechanically I turned my body over to see; what had happened. The tigress was'stand-j ing over me as I lay prostrate, while round{ her were several natives, with smoking rifles in their hands. I heard the sharp piny ! ping ! j of bullets, the-tigress bounded futilely at her enemies; but, - even as she rose in the air, death took her, and she fell within a few feet of the spok where I was lying. / The search party organised as soon as we were found to he missing /had, af ter many hours' search, found us only just in time to save my life ! It: was many a month before I recovered from the injuries I received when the tigress dashedme to earth. I bear the sears to-day, one of them being. conspicuous upon. my. fore head;; / ; Ah to.the tiger/cub,_it was for some time-in my possession, affording considerable amuse ment, until nearly, full grown, when-one'day it made a dash for the jungle,"and all traces of it were completely lost. —Chums. 