BIGGA ANNUAL RACES. BY THE COB. No doubt your many readers will have boon furnishod with a full aud partioular account of. tho winnora, &c.;, nt the abovo races on last Thursday wook, so tho aotual places taken hy the horses will bo stnlo nows ; .but Tho Gob who had slipped his halter in tho early mornine took a cantor ovor 3 ust to soo his old frionds and put his modest shilling on some of tho " dead birds " that usually abound ot all races. Jogging along in tho oarly morn, 13 i ml a was passod through whilo tho slumbering inhabitants woro just thinking about turning out of hod ; still wo found that another Neddy was on tho road ahoad, going very strong, and tho last man up tho night before f who had just been down to Bryant's to see if his lamp was alight J roportod a strango sail passing Bindn about 3 a.m., hailing from Crookwoll. A harherous Plot had heon laid to oatoh tho early worm, but this syndicate must havo boon hunting nftor a lot of oarly worms, as thoy did not turn up at tho convinc ing ground before ton a.m. — 31 milos in about ten hours, including inspection of Bryant's lamp at Bindn and a short spoil for breakfast. Well, this Grookwoll to Bigga road is not tho fastest trsok that The Gob has boon on. Thoro is a lot of up and down, and whiohovor way you aro making, whether to - Bigga or to Crookwoll, there always seoms to bo a hill in front of you. A sad young man stops you at the gate leading to tho course, and you bring a little gleam of joy in his oyo for a moment as you drop your first bob into his extended palm. He looks as if his invostmont hnd not heon a good ono, and you hear that he has to accumulate 240 bobs to pull him out. Arrived on tlio course you find all tho officials in their places, a neat little mem bers' stand and judge's box, a good straight, wido and well rnilad off. Dotted hero aud there are the little family partios representing most of the district ' people ; and knowing the proverbial hospitality attaohod to tho namo Bigga, in fauoy you (who hnve just done a 30-milo drivo on an ogg aud a bit of toast) are revolting in cold fowl and ham, with a glass of Eng lish. Just before the first race starts you see tho crowd in tho straight open out, and a four-in-band dashes up. Eor a moment your thoughts follow on from tho ohiokon and ham to Duff ; but the hand is silent, not ovon a ohoor. No duffor with tho ribbons is tho genial Georgo, and ho has some mixed teams to handle at times, but " geti there just tho same." Our Gob nt once rubs noses with old Paddy, near side in tho load, with a gay young chestnut filly hooked on tho off. Old Charlie, as staunch as over, near wheel, and a dark 'un off whool. With old Paddy to show tho read, it is noodloss to say the time has been good ; nnd as O. H. stops down on terra firma with his blandest smilo (after convoying all sorts of kind regards from tho homo folk and apologising for not bringing all Crookwell with him), onquiros if tho hack raco has started yet, as Paddy is as fit as the apple orohard and a 30-milo prelim inary can mako him ; and if they don't put tho grand-stand nnd Tranter's booth on him he must win. Anothor occupant of the drag now calls nttoution to tho dark-'un off whool, and offers to run any thing bar Paddy that has ovor looked through winkers, and modostly states that the dark unknown (that tarns out to bo reluted to tho big gun of tho day) has just finished his ninoty milos sinco yester day morning, bat is a little short of work. Goorgo hns wisely loft his good thing at homo, and wo wish him all sorts of luck when ho faces the flag with him in the sister colony in about a month's time. Anothor sporting visitor comes up and informs us that he lias left his best nag at Tuona to run there next day. If he had not dono so there would havo boon n fow processions with the samo Imrao lead ing oaoh time. But we see Ikoy donning his rod emit (ennnot the othor rnco clubs about borrow this ?), and ho marshals his fiold nnd puts thorn in tho stnrtnr's hands for tho. first race. Flavin? unticod tho rod coat, wo look for t'u) numbered saddln-clntliH ; hut, liko tlio Governor, thoy wore not oil, nnd wo wnndcroJ if an expomlituro of a fow shillings would not got tho 8nilillo-cIoths; mul whon tlio names are posted up on thestiirtins-bnaril it would not bo muoh oxtra oxeriiou to add a numbor. This is a goutlo hint for races to onmo — say Binda, for instance, at Easter. Whatovor is there in tho cliinato of Blankof. Flat (as I undorstanil this is the corroot name of tho courso) ? Two horBQS fell in tho first race — ouo at the start and one in an ugly dip ; and this same dip was responsible for a fall in tho Haok Baoo, nnd anothor, I hoard, ia tho Farewell Handicap — tho samo horso put ting up a reoord of ono win and two falls in ono day. Look to it, Bigga 1 Thoro must be something wrong, as tho ground was quite dry. It is kind of tho Bigga pooplo to try and oxtond tho fun by not hurrying on tho ovouts, but thoy also ought to think of tho poor Oob and othors who had to return homo tho samo day. Mr. Ford, tho seoretary, has much to do and does it, and is tho right mau in tho right placo, butlothim have assistance next time. Woll. lunoh time came, and we missed tho chickon and ham, but, thanks to Goorgo, found tho English, and after castiug longing glances at a fine spocimon of a Blanket Flat baby that was on view in tho luncheon tent, wo suppressed our caanibalistio inclinations and appoased our appotitos on othor fare. How wo missed the "dead bird" that had been loft at Tuona (I don't moan at tho lunoh, but when tho horses saddled for tho Big Baco of tho day), and as wo scanned tho big gun , Alaska, wo sympathised with tho man who only brought his sooond fiddlo to play to suoh a lump of musolo. Alnska looked fit to win a bigger (no pun meant) stake than tho ono ho was about to start for ; and as tho musolos of his strong loin stood out wo thought " up that hill ho will mako tho field spread out." So he did, and rompod homo an oasv winner ; and bar Paddy, tho Cob thinks Alaska could have boaton anything at Bigga that day and run right through tho programmo, carrying tho wholo of tho McQuinoss family. Horso and juokoy oamo to tho post a credit in get-up to the ownors. I may bo wrong, but think hill olimbing suits Alaska ; on a dead lovol ho might not spread his fiold bo inuoh. Ho repoatod tho doso by winning tho Flying Handi cap. Eltton paid him a little attontion, but ho won as ho liked. His rider, in tho oxnboranoo of his joy, aftor his woight was declared, exclaimed, " Thoy call thorn raco-horsos!" moaning thoso that finishod at various distances behind i " they ought to tako thom homo and cut thoir throats advico that so far has not boon followod. Wo fool moro inclined to out our throats afterwardB, owing to a cortnin stupid pioco of bungling on tho part of ono of our drag party, who broko tho milk-jug on tho way homo, and ho was punished by being compelled to walk into tho first town wo passod through. Ho triod to mako his peace by apologising and sayiug "if it had not been hut wo told him wo had heard that before. I forgot to say that ho hod drawn a maro oallod Moll Flandors in a swoop, and sho had not proved n sucooss. This oausod him a lot of troublo on tho way homo and us some onxioty, as ho took tho matter so muoh to heart. At ono timo ho would think George had her in tho toam, and at anothor her ghost would appear close to tho whool and seom to want to ho onrriod as a passongor. Evon tho driver began to think sho must bo somowhoro about, and as wall as ho could in tho dust and dim moonlight counted how many he had in hand ; but Goorgo has a aoal head and a good pair of hands, and ovon Paddy's littlo attempts td go alono wore treated by him with far greater composure than tho loss beforo-montionod. Sixty-two milos of a journoy and a raco mooting given in is a lair day ovon for an Australian. But wo hopo to tako tho samo run noxt yoar in the same good company, with tho same toam. Tho only bittor drop in tho oup was Moll Flandors ; but our apologotio friend may have hotter luck noxt timo and draw a winnor. 