THE DISAPPEARANCE OF MB. DERWEHT. BY THOMAS COBB, Author of 'Tbe House by the Com mon,' 'Wedderburn's Will,' 'The Westlakes,' &p.;, ,^c. CHAPTER Xn.- (Contiilued.) 'Tou see,' he continued, apparently unconscious that this plain reference to lier father could.be painful to Flor ence, 'there's so little to help one. Odd, isn't it. that a respectable, steadygo we. rnidle-affed gentleman should be I able to disappear?— by tbe bye,' he con I Tinued, whilst Florence glanced depre I catingly at Owen, 'it was quite waste I of energy to offer a thousand; five hun I dred would have done. Now I wonder I how Viret would like to hare to hand I that thousand pounds over to me. Will I you come and smoke Fairford?' I ' 'Not just now, thanks.' I 'You do' smoker of course?' I 'Oh yes, but not here. Mr. Der I went objected.' I 'Ah, but he's dead, you see.' I 'Arnold,' cried Florence, provoked I almost beyond bearing, 'I told you be I fore that it was not certain. Please I don't speak as if you actually knew.' I 'What do you think?' Arnold deman I ded, facing Owen. 'If he's not dead, I where the devil is he?' I 'The same question might be asked I in any case,' Owen answered quietly. I 'If Mr. Derwent is dead, where is his I body?' I 'Hidden, of course. But it must be I hidden pretty far out of the way to es I cape me. I am here to find it, and, de I pend upon it, I shan't lose a chance. I My cousin thinks I shan't succeed, be I cause that Juggins of an inspector f ail I ed. I know their antiquated way of I going to work.' I 'May one inquire your own method?' I 'Simply to keep my eyes open and I use my common sense. I mean to I hunt up every suspicious- character in I the place.' I 'Are there any?' asked Owen. I I daresay you know that I am practic I ally a stranger about here.' I 'The burglars for some. Ajiyway,' I continued Arnold, knowingly, 'I'm I here, and I have a good deal at stake. I Of course,' he added, disregarding I Florence's very obvious frown, 'it's a I bad business for my cousin.' I Owen rose, and standing on the I hearthrug, looked down at Florence. I 'Miss Derwent,' he said, cutting I Arnold short, 'I have never had the I pleasure of hearing you sing.' I 'I haven't touched the piano since I* Arnold had seated himself upon the I music stool, and now began to sing a I popular comic song of the day— rather I cleverly. . No sooner did he finish I than, swinging round on the stool, he I exclaimed — - . - I 'Of course, a man wfio is really bent I upon suicide will walk miles.' I 'ilr. Fairford,'' said Florence, de I iennined to change the topic at all I costs, 'I have not told you of Lizzie's I fright on Monday night, or, rather, it I was Tuesday morning. She did not I leave the house till past 1 o'clock.' I Raising her eyes to Owen's— he still I stood on the hearthrug— she noticed I that he started slightly, and gripped I one lappel of his frockeoat in each I hand. He, who as a rule was perfect I Iv self-possessed and at ease, sudden I lV seemed to become stiff and eori I strained. I 'Fire away, Floy!' cried Arnold, I leaving the music :sjtool and flinging I iimself into an armchair facing her. I As she continued, she could not help I looking at Owen again, nervously, ap I prehensively, this time. She could I aot conceive what had happened to I make him uncomfortable, yet assured I ly he looked ill at ease. I 'Ann being worse that night,' Flo I rence said, 'I sent Lizzie for Dr. Vi I ret. But when she drew near the I churchyard' — Florence observed I Owen's fingers tighten on his^coat, his I knuckles looked quite strained— 'she I saw. or thought she saw, a tall woman I in black.' Glancing at her cousin, Florence saw i that Owen's manner had attracted his I attention also. Arnold was wateh 1 ing his face attentively, and every par ticle of color seemed to go out of it till even the lips appeared white. 'Fire away, Floy!' said Arnold, a second time. 'I like this; it's getting Interesting.' But he did not shift his eyes from Owen's face a moment. 'There— there is not much more to tell.'' she said, nervous from sympathy, except that Lizzie screamed and ran home, and arrived half wild with fear.' ? , Owen lifted his shoulders and drew a long breath. 'What was the woman like?' Ar nold demanded. 'Dressed in black, you say.' 'All except her hands. She wore a thick veiL' ' 'Odd to go prowling about the vil la?? at half-past 1 in the morning; don't you think so, FaiTfordi' I 'I beg your pardon, what did yen say?' Owen asked. Florence had I never heard his voice vibrate in that I 'war before. 'Odd that a woman, tall, dressea in black, veiled, should be prowling about after midnight. Who can she be, Fairford 3' 'I am sure I — ' * He paused, and iis face had color enough in it now. After a moment of painful embarrass ment, he stepped nearer to JTlorence and ottered liis nand- 'I tliink I must say good-night, Miss Derwent' 'So soon;*' she faltered. But' her conventional protest was nipped in the bud by his look of entreaty. Pressing 'her hand he left the room without taking the least notice of -Arnold. As soon as the door closed he rose excitedly. 'Floy,' he demanded, 'why didn't lou teU. me about this, woman be fore?' 'Simply because it did— not oecnr to me.' ? - -~ ? ?-?? r- - '??''??'?- ? 'Of course she hangs out next door.' 'Why should she?' Florence asked Quickly. - - 'You ask that, after seeing Fairford give himself away as he did! You ought to have told me, Floy; if I'm to 8«t at the truth you mustn't keep back anything. Now I- have some fttag to go upon.' I 'I don't see wnat.' 'Don't you? Now listen to me. CncJe Roderick either went away of fcis own aecord, or he killed himself, °r got killed. iA. man can't hide his «wa body after) killing himself; ano ther man may hide it for him; No use ] to suspect the parson or the doctor, or j any ordinary Christian. You must I look for some one out of the common —this woman, for instance. Now, who lives at Forest Prospect?'' 'Owen Fairford.' 'Yes, yes; but who lives with him?' 'No one but the servants,' she re plied, reluctantly. '^'ou don't mean to tell me he lives alone?'' 'I have never heard of any one liv ing with him,' she said. 'But ? ' ?'Wait a moment; Floy. You saw he knew all' about the' woman. No man ever gave himself away more beauti fully. If she doesn't lave next door, where does she live? She must hang out somewhere in Rookfield. What I want to know is, where?' '?You knoAv all that I do- about her, Arnold,' Fioreuce answered, wearily. 'I don't know much yet. But he knows everything. If. she was prowl ing about Monday night, why not other nights? Why not the night Un cle Roderick disappeared? Suppose she saw him!' 'If she did, though nothing is more unlikely ? ' 'If! You treat it coolly, Floy. Why, it would be most important evi dence; it carries his history down nearly three hours later. She could tell us for certain which way lie went.' 'Surely,' Florence urged, 'if she could tell us, whoever she is, and wherever she lives, she would have done so at the first. What reason could she have for secrecy?' 'I don't know that,' Arnold answer ed, 'but it is the best clue that has turned up yet. Here is a woman whom no one has ever heard of, who undoubtedly lives in the village, who is in the habit of walking about for some reason of her own in the middle of the night.' 'Who is known to have walked through the village one night, Ar nold.' 'Then,' he continued excitedly, 'there's this to remember. You tell your story to Fairford. You see that he knows all about her. Yet, instead of offering an explanation, he simply skedaddles. I tell you plainly, I shan't be satisfied till I run her to earth.' 'Of course, if that is the case,' she answered, 'the only honorable course is to ask Mr. Fairford for an explana tion.' She could never ask him herself, ar dently as she longed to learn the truth; but then she would never, on the other hand, take one step to find it out. Yet it was true, as Arnold said, that Owen had betrayed himself; and Florence also felt confident that, who ever it was that terrified Lizzie, Owen knew all about her. 'I'm not quite a Juggins!' cried Ar nold in profound disgust. ^Fight a game.' She made no further remark, and soon afterwards bade her cousin good night. Her sympathies were exclu sively with Owen. In his honor her confidence was complete. She never wavered in her trust. That some mystery overshadowed his life she had long felt assured, as now that this woman was at the heart of it. Did she live at Forest Prospect, as Arnold insisted? At least, it seemed probable. Rookfield was not a large village, and Florence, having lived in it all her life, could call to mind al most every house it contained. If the woman did not live next door, where ?as Arnold asked, could she live? Yet if she dwelt with Owen, why had he ?never even hinted at her existence? The notion that she could have even the remotest connection with her- fa ther's disappearence-Florence set aside as absurd, and 6he found herself wish ing that ^D wen might preserve his se cret against her cousin's strenuous ef forts to penetrate it. It was impossible to put aside a feel ing of antagonism to Arnold, a sense of alliance with Owen. When she fell asleep early the next morning her last thought ^as this — What was Owen Fairford's relation to this mysterious woman? Could it be that she was his wife? CHAPTER XIII. 'I wanted a word with vou. doctor.' said Arnold Derwent, waylaying Dr., Viret as he came downstairs from Ann's room the following morning. 'Do yon mind coining into the study? The fact is, I think I've got a clue.' 'H'm! you haven't been long about it,' ejaculated Dr. Viret, following him into the room. ?? ? 'I can say that for myself,' Arnold continued, 'when once I'm on the job I precious soon knock it off. About this woman Lizzie saw in the village Monday night.' 'Lizzie is a fool. If that is your clue, I don't think it will help , you much.' 'That's where you're wrong,' said Arnold, as Florence quietly joined them. ' 'At least, the wench may be a fool— probably is— but that doesn't af fect her eyesight. She saw somebody right enough. You know Fairford, next door?' 'No, I don't know him,' wasN the reply; 'nobody knows the man. Per haps he doesn't want to be known.' Sensible!' 'Father knew Mr. Fairford,' Flor tJilce lULcTpuewu, njvm.u±g uuwu at me carpet. e 'Anyway, he was in here last night,' I said Arnold. 'It is a fact that this I woman was prowling about on Monday t night. Now, why not the night of the 1 fourth of March too? And if so, a t hundred to one she saw Uncle Roder- - ick.' .. i 'And yet held her tongue about -it!' i exclaimed Dr.: Viret, incredulously, l 'Extremely unlikely. Women are gen- ^ eraUy ready enough to talk, heaven i knows.' ] ''Oh, you make me tired. Of course, - if you sit upon every suggestion, it's j no use going on. I merely state a f theory. If it won't work, give it up j and try another. Only, at least, let it - have a chance. Tou can't deny there's j a good deal that's fishy. . 1*11 swear the % woman is-connected -with Fairford— 3 most likely his wife.' 1 'What do you mean?' Dr. Viret de- t manded. 'What makes you^ay that?' j 'She must live somewhere. Fairford - is supposed to have the house next 1 door to himself— rot! ' Now why has } he never hinted at her existence, doc- ] tor?' ' ' . ? ' i 'Surely,' said Florence, 'Mr. Fair- 1 ford may have excellent reasons for keeping his own counsel, which don't concern us.' - '-Oh, no donbt he has the best x-t ? reasons!' Arnold retorted. 'She never ( appears by day— a regular night bird. ? - ? ? '?:?'[. . You can't deny that it looks fishy, doc tor.' . Dr. Viret hesitated, and looked ex remely judicial for a few moments. 'If there is such a person in ex istence,' he admitted, 'no doubt it does look strange. But is there? You have only this silly woman's testimony; and even if that is to be depended upon, how do you know that she is connect ed with 'Fairford ?' 'Because he gave himself away so beautifully. Unmistakable. Florence saw it too. She begpn to tell us about Lizzie's fright, and the man was like a ghost. Oh, there's no doubt he knows just all about her.' 'Well, then, granting all that,'. said Dr. Viret, 'it does not follow that s'he can tell you any thingabout Mr Derwent. If so, of course she would have spoken long before now; and the idea of her being actually connected with the crime is absurd — she would have no earthly motive.' Arnold thrust his hands deep in his trousers pockets, and looked up into Dr. Viret's face somewhat pertly. 'Have you never heard of a murder without a motive?' he asked. 'Oh, Arnold!' cried Florence. 'You can't think she ? ' - 'Look here, Floy,' said Arnold, 'I have told you already I'm only trying to start a working theory. You've heard of homicidal mania, doctor, I suppose? Imagine this woman is a lunatic.' 'I should have to imagine that she was kept under proper control as well, Mr. Derwent.' 'She ought to be — granted. It doesn't follow she is. Suppose she's Fair ford's wife— and a luny! In order to avoid putting her away, he hides her. She is liable to periodical attacks of mania. You must have come across hosts of such cases. This particular night— the night of Uncle Roderick's disappearance-^she runs mad at the wrong time.' 'Absurd! Impossible!' exclaimed Dr, Viret. 'I never heard anything more ridiculous in all my life, never. Such a woman would leave the body where it lay.' He glanced anxiously at Florence's pale face as he ceased speaking. And she, despite the impro bability of his theory, could not pre vent it from tormenting her. Her poor father! and poor Owen also! It might be true, and he ignorant; or it might be ridiculously untrue, as Dr. Viret avowed. Arnold's dogmatic, eager manner lent the suggestion a kind of plausibility, and, save Inspector Holt's, no other theory had been propounded. 'No, no, not . so fast,' said Arnold. 'Some of these lunies are devilish cun ning. If she is not wrong in her mind, how do you account for her way of living— for all this confounded mys tery? If she is not mad, what is she?' After Dr. Viret had expressed his dissent with increased force. and gone back to his laboratory, Arnold still continued the discussion, and' though Florence presently left him to seek Ann, she was compelled to meet him at meals, when she heard the argument restated. 'You know,' he said, after dinner that evening, 'I'm working for you quite as much as myself. Come to that, I don't want to injure the woman or your friend Fairford either. They may both be as innocent as I am, and that's just what I want to find out' 'But how, Arnold? What can you do?' 'That's a matter for consideration,' he replied. 'I'll have a pipe and turn it over in my mind. One thing is plain: I can't touch a penny of Uncle Roder ick's money till I prove his death. But I shant stop there, Floy. This old place wouldn't be habitable without you. You haven't forgotten the good old times. They were good times. I often thought of them when I was away.' 'At Teneriffe, Arnold?' 'Ah!' he cried, with a pleasant laugh, 'one to you, that! You may not believe it, but I often used to think of your dragging me out after primroses in the wood. Remember that day I bagged the pheasant's eggs, and they broke in my pocket? The truth about me is just this, Floy: If you stick to me I can keep straight; but if you don't — well, I shall go to the deuce headlong. I'm just imper fect without you, and with you ? ' 'You are perfect, Arnold?' she sug gested, with a smile, albeit a rather sad one. 'At all events, I'm as good as most Johnnies,' he retorted. 'I may not be able to write poetry, like Uncle Roder ick. I never believed in that rot. But my batting average was twenty last season I played, and I can fight— there. I don't want to brag; and whatever I am, your word is law, and you can twist me round your little finger, Floy.'' He had, at least, furnished her with food for reflection. Had she really so much influence over him? and if so, could it be turned to a useful purpose, to induce him to relinquish his idea of attempting to probe Owen's secret? For of this she felt certain: Nothing could result but disaster, of what na ture she dreaded to imagine. Her own curiosity had become extreme, her curiosity to learn whether the woman she believed to live at Forest Prospect was Owen's wife. JJ-UUUt ixitr uuui wiiejj. j? luieiict; icull hI to Ann's room for the night Joe Jodger happened to be standing at the -ack window of his bedroom admiring he moon, low down over the tree-tops. Dhe house had been in darkness some lime, and the night being line, he was ivondering whether or not the person n whom he felt so deep an interest ivouia set forth. Though he had f ol- owed her on every occasion but one, tvhen he had seen her quit the house, ind was not far off on the occasion of [iizzie's fright, having indeed just suc ceeded in hiding himself in lime to Lvoid detection, he had never discover ^ any purpose in her peregrinations. 3he went out, usually taking the same lirection, and came home again; and, it the present rate, a year might elapse ind Joe none the wiser. He stood at lis window, staring at the sinking noon, lamenting his impotence, when suddenly he distinguished a patch of aickering light thrown on to the gar len bed; which a few moments before looked quite . black. What did that light signify? Well, it seemed to point to the fact that someone was in the kitchen, apparently making up a idazing fire there. . -To be continued.) 