Re-union of Methodism. Yisit of the Roy. W. H. Fitchett, B. A. On Thursdav evening a large number of persons interested in the important question of the re-union of the Methodist churches, attended at the Weslcyan church to hear the views of the Rev. \V. II. Fitchett, B. A and other clergymen on the matter. After devotional exercises, Mr. W. A. Noble took the chair amidst loud applause, and in introducing Mr. Fitchett, referred briefly to the subject matter of the address. Mr. Fitchett, who was well received, opened his remarks by referring in n com plimentary manner to Queensland. He had been agreeably surprised to find such splen did towns as Warwick and Toowoomba in Queensland, and he had not expected to find such progress as was evidenced by these towns. The climate had also astonished him, not having expected to linil a touch ol Arctic cold so near the tropics. Queensland he believed was destined to be the greatest and the richest of all the colonies, as her re sources and possibilities were by far greater than those of the other colonics. He was an ardent Methodist, and the Methodist Church had been the Church of his forefathers. He was persuaded that their Church was face to face with one of those great and rare moments in history which did not tarry long, and which was a turning point in the destiny of those to which it came. The divisions within their Church had cost them much and if they lost this opportunity the whole future of their Church would suffer. That they would play a smaller part in this great colony if these divisions continued they could rest assured. They were alive to the fact that there were many ways in which re-union would affect them, but they were but small matters com pared to the great question at issue. They must conceive that the question belonged to the highest realms of conscience, duty, and Christian service. If they saw the question through the eyes of conscience and duty, all other small things would fall into their proper places. Many desired to make the question one of pocket, when it was one touching Christ's kingdom. The figures relating to the great household of Methodism shewed what a great body they were. They nau 0,500 ministers, u, 500,000 memoers, anu 25,000,000 adherents. It was the most purely evengclical and the most purely and resolutely Protestant of the groat Churches 011 earth. That was the great side of it. But there was ail ignoble side. The great army, which if 011c unit, of one family, and if all the forces represented by the figures were poured into one channel, would be the mightiest force in spiritual affairs in tiic world was, alas, divided. The same body existed under different names and under lllllCIWill ICdM vl 7»ll ![/.»? I 1 1 Jr sill Jattij lux. same hymns and taught the same theology. In teaching, stock, race and blood they were alike. What divided them? Nothing but the ghosts of certain quarrels, quarrels of their grandfathers, and quarrels which were as dead as Queen Anne. They should lie buried, but they were not buried. Mr. Fitchett then proceeded to follow the causes of the severance of the Primitive Methodists and the Bible Christians from Weslevan Methodism, showing for what paltry reasons the divisions had taken place. He then showed that all the reasons for sever ance had banished and the Wcsleyan Church had conceded many ol the objections made by their divided brethren. For instance, laymen were now admitted to conference, and had the same powers as the clergy. Women were also admitted to their councils, and members could attend as many camp meetings per week as they liked. These were some of the reasons lor sever ance, and they could see how small they were. The speaker then proceeded to show what an influence and a power the emu'cli would be if united. Even in the State Schools in Queensland, the Wesleyans were lumped with Pagans and men of 110 religion, by reason of their divisions, while those of the Church of England, Roman Catholic, and Presbyterian were classed as such. Mr. Fitchett concluded an interesting address by making a powerful appeal to the audience for their assistance in the work of re-union. It was right that the youngest colony should take the initiative, as enterprise belonged to the young, and Queensland had less diffi culties to face than had the older colonies. The Rev. II. Voungman also spoke at some length 011 the matter. He hoped that the challenge would be accepted, and that Ouecnsland would lead the way. They had it in them if they liked to do it. I he ques tion was a great one ecclesiastically, nationally, and spiritually. The question would have a very powerful effect 011 the tone of their religious life. And nationally, Methodism ought to have very much more to do with determining the spirit of the nation than it had. Its influence should be greater, and would be greater if united, and 011 such questions as gambling and temperance they should have greater influence with their legislators. At present Wesleyans were only one man in every thirty-six, and that was the result of their want of unity. Mr. \ ounginan then piocccucci to snow main rc-union came about no great innovations would lie made. The matter would probably take years to effect after it was decided upon. Nothing would be done hastily, and the many little questions that required adjusting would be done as circumstances permitted them, without injury to anyone. It was not to be supposed that a great transformation was to take place immedi ately the matter was decided upon. . There were many things to be considered, and it would require tact and judgment, and a long nn-iod of time to ultimately overcome all the obstacles which the higher question of re-union would give rise to. Mv. Y oungman then proceeded to touch upon several of the minor difficulties and obstacles Thai were, raised by many, showing how small were the objections, and how necessary it was for them to keep before them the higher and more important and Christian ideals. I11 reply to a question put by Mr. Aland he showed what position the matter was now in c I tlint in a few months thev would be called upon to give their -voice on the matter. On the motion of the Revs. Stokoe and Jeffries, who each warmly supported the Union, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded the Revs. Fitchett and Youngmaii,. and a like vote was accorded the Ch'airimuj, j 