THE NORTH-EASTERN ENSIGN. PUBLISHED IN BENALLA. FRIDAY, JANUARY 25, 1895. "A Bitter Dose of Physic." A SECTION of the community—people who do not watch the movements of the times—is under the impression that through the shelving of the Land and Income Tax Bill, taxation as lately pro- posed, is not to be introduced. A more erroneous idea could not be en- tertained. When the Premier of the day saw how distasteful a tax on land values was to the Legislative Council he simply resigned himself to the fate which befel that particular aspect of his policy and introduced an Income Tax Bill. That measure is now before the Upper House. So far it has been vigorously discussed. As might be naturally expected, it has met with con- siderable opposition. Nevertheless, it is sure to pass, although, as one section of yesterday's daily Press asserts, the majority of the Upper House intend to swallow it as "a bitter dose of physic that may have some poison in it." A more objectionable measure could not be ratified, because, as the ENSIGN has repeatedly averred, it is not taxation the country wants but practical econ- omy. According to one prominent member of the Council—Mr. Levi—the measure under notice is identical with the rejected Land Tax Bill. So it is indeed, practically a substitute therefore. In discussing it as late as Tuesday last another progressive-minded critic—Mr. Melville—did not hesitate to say, and rightly so, too, that if proper economy in the State expenditure were insisted on there would be no necessity for putting a tax on people's incomes. It is quite clear, then, that the Income Tax Bill before the Upper House is re- garded by the majority of people as a most obnoxious measure, but, unfor- tunately, the community is sleeping on its interests about it, for, instead of making an outcry against it as it did in regard to the Land Tax Bill, it is stamping it with approval by its silence. Its conduct in this respect is simply incomprehensible by the aid of ordin- ary reasoning, and can only be inter- preted on the assumption that the people who clamor for reform and for prudent administration are half asleep. An income tax just now, when there is such a scarcity of money, ought to be scouted by everybody in the com- munity, not only because it is impolitic and inquisitorial, but because, as it begins at incomes of £150 a year, it will lean upon the poorer classes in our midst. As a political enactment it is a discredit to the Legislature, disheart- ening to the industrious, and, as a daily paper says "a bitter dose of physic." The greater part of last court day was taken up by the hearing before War- den Dobbin, of the trespass cases, Hurst against Lane Bros. and H. de Mamiel. The main question hinged upon the ownership of the land. Mr Hodgson who appeared for the com- plainant urged that Lane, having leased the land, and having made an agreement with Hurst re the occupation of the land, and acted in compliance with the mining by-laws, his client had a right of action for trespass and damages as against the defendants. Mr Fred Brown, for the defence, contended that Lane was not the owner within the meaning of the Act, and therefore was not entitled to make an agreement with Hurst. The Warden, however, after considering the evidence, took the view as put forth by Mr Hodg- son and awarded the complainant dam- ages. A report of the cases will be found elsewhere. The young Wangaratta hero, Francis McMahon, who risked his life to save a lad named William Halligan from a watery grave on the 13th December last, has been awarded a certificate of merit from the Royal Humane Society of Australia as a recognition of his bravery. Much surprise (says the Dis- patch) has been expressed at the nature of the award, as the general opinion is that Master McMahon should have received the medal for his brave con- duct, as besides saving the life of young Halligan, he sprang into the water a second time and assisted the latter's father (who had tried in- effectually to save his son), to the shore. We hear from a private source that a slander case, in which two well-known residents of the district are principals, will come on for hearing at the Benalla County Court. Sergeant Couche, the electoral in- spector for the Benalla and Yarrawonga electorate, is issuing a large number of objections against electors in the various divisions of the electorate. In the Dookie division 41 objections have been lodged, and 20 in the Benalla division. A revision court will be held at Dookie on the 6th February, and at Benalla on the 19th February. Local butchers who have not yet re- newed their slaughtering licences for 1895 are reminded that there is a penalty hanging over them of £10 per head for every beast slaughtered; and that the local inspectors, though sufficiently long-suffering, are begin- ning to lose patience with the de- faulters. We understand that it is the inten- tion of the defendants in the trespass cases, heard in the Warden's Court on Tuesday last, to appeal against the de- cision of the Warden. A new black tracker, Davie's successor, has arrived here. His name is Charlie, and he hails from Port Mackay. He has the reputation of being a first-class tracker. The members of the Benalla Amateur Dramatic Club have promised to take charge of-the second part of the pro- gramme at the concert in connection with the St. Patrick's sports on the evening of the 18th March. The heat for the past day or two has been very oppressive, but the barome- ter yesterday indicated a change, which if it comes will be thoroughly appre- ciated. The highest readings of the thermometer at Mr Wurm's on Mon- day and yesterday were 99 and 100 degrees in the shade, respectively. The two-year-old daughter of a Chinese named Ah Tong, which was reported to the police as having been lost in the bush at Boggy creek, was found by the tracker Willie (who had been sent out from Benalla) after a three days' search, on Monday last. The local police and search parties, after scouring the scrub unsuccessfully for about a week, sent to Benalla for assistance, and Willie was sent out, as stated, with the result that the body of the unfortunate child was found on the borders of a neighboring swamp. To-day is the last day for issuing County Court summonses, but as the reg- istrar will not be in Benalla during the day summonses may be issued to- morrow up to 12 o'clock. Recent cablegrams report a fresh anarchist outrage in Milan, Italy, where a public prosecutor, who had incurred the enmity of the anarchists by taking an active part in the prosecution of some of the brotherhood, was murdered in the street. For the construction of new railways there is a sum of half a million now available. Permanent way material to the value of £120,000 is also in stock, and would, of course, be used in the laying down of new lines. There is also a balance of £430,000 of loan moneys, authorised for the construction of rolling stock, which is not now required. This latter sum might (the Argus suggests) be made available for the construction of new lines, and it would then give a total available for the purpose of £1,050,000. At last meeting of the Benalla Shire Council Cr. Boscon moved, Cr Ginnivan seconded, and it was carried that specifications be prepared for the following works:—25 chains for- mation near Stanley's gatehouse, north of Goorambat, and running west; 5 chains, west of Goorambat, near the railway station, with a small culvert; 20 chains formation on the road lead- ing by the R. C. Presbytery, Dookie; the formation to be gravelled at Ballin- tine's; 7 chains, south of Dun- lop's butter factory, on McPartland's road; 7 chains forming near Roberts', running north and south of Waggaran- dall. During last.month the Shepparton butter factory paid £2300 for milk and cream. A grazier at Strathmerton, near Numurkah, Mr J. S. Mortimer, is about to experiment on his own account in exporting frozen mutton to London. He has arranged to ship, per the steamer Damascus, which leaves early next month, 100 carcases of sheep of his own breeding—a cross between pure bred lincolns and merinos. The animals—which weigh from 60 to 70lb—have been carefully selected, fed well, aid "topped up" on barley stubbles, the fattening being accomplished by lucerne and natural grass. In feeding other lots for ex- port Mr Mortimer intends topping up with oats. By thus converting grain into mutton he is satisfied that he will fully double the price now to be ob- tained for oats. A kerosene spring has been dis- covered in New South Wales, in an artesian bore which was being put down at East Moree. There seems (says the Age) to be con- siderable misconception as to the effect of the Standard Time Bill, which will take effect on the 1st February, in relation to the running of railway trains, and one objection it to, the bill was that all the railway time tables would have to be altered, but such is not the case. Trains will start to the times now stand- ing in the tables; and no one will perceive any difference. Practically there will be no difference, as the trains will keep the same relative time. The only cases in which any of the tables will be altered are those of a few inter- colonial trains. The starting time of the Sydney express from Melbourne will be called 5.15 p.m. instead of 4.55, and the train from Sydney will start at the same hour, reaching Mel- bourne at 12.9 instead of 111.34. There will also be some consequential changes on lines connecting with the North- eastern line. These alterations are really departmental details and do not substantially affect the public, whose timekeepers will have been altered to the new standard. We often hear of Chinese as hen- roost despoilers, but it is seldom a native of the Flowery Land adopts the role of a burglar. However this really occurred at the Albury Chinese camp, where Ah Num, a youthful celestial, was arrested on Tuesday night for having broken into the store of Ah Yuck, and stealing therefrom £35 in cash, besides some jewellery and a nugget of gold. The clue which led up to the arrest was supplied by the thief himself, who tried to sell half of the stolen nugget to a jeweller. When arrested and searched the other half of the nugget and some of the stolen rings were found sown into his clothes. In the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday evening, in reply to Mr Mason, the Commissioner of Lands and Survey, said that he had noted the fact that a large trade in hardwood timber was now being conducted be- tween the colony and England, and that most active steps had been taken to promote the industry and to increase the export of timber. Blocks would be exported to America at the expense of the Government, and arrangements would be made for the proper testing of them. Mr Foster's Mines Act Amendment Bill was passed through all its stages early on Wednesday morning. It is a measure to prevent mining land being "jumped" by holders of miners' rights in cases where leases have expired and applications for renewals of leases are under consideration. A refreshing, healthful bath can be had by using a tablespoonful of PHENOL in each bathful of water. This can be got from the agent, VICTOR SAY, chemist, news agent and seedsman, Nunn street, Benalla.—[ADVT.] The following communication has been received by the Hon. J. H. Graves, M.L.A., from the Deputy Postmaster General:—With reference to the com- munication presented by you from the shire secretary, Benalla, urging the establishment of a bi-weekly mail to Lurg and Ryan's Creek in lieu of the present service, I have the honor to inform you that the extent of corres- pondence for the localities mentioned is not sufficient to justify the depart- ment in incurring any further expendi- ture for mail accommodation. It is regretted that under the circumstances the request made cannot be accorded to. At Pyramid Hill on Monday, several farmers were fined £2 each, and one, who had been previously convicted, £10, for neglecting to destroy rabbits on their properties. Their defence was that they had been served with the notices in the midst of harvest operations and in wet weather, and that their holdings were contiguous to a state forest, which was a breed- ing ground for the rest. The Dispatch says:—"A snake char- mer who has been under treatment in the Wangaratta hospital during the past few weeks has now left and taken his 'stock in trade'. with him. He has gone about 12 miles out in the country where he intends catching about 100 snakes and taking them to Melbourne for experimental purposes." We would suggest that the above mentioned gen- tleman be requested to take a walk round Benalla. From all accounts he would not require to go "12 miles into the country" to get his trunk full of rep- tiles, for, if we can believe all that is told us, Benalla is swarming with ser- pents which, both for size and variety, will vie with those in any other locality in the colony. Mr F. Simpson, of Wangaratta, for- warded a sample of grass which is very common on the flats around that locality at present, to Melbourne during the week and has been informed that it is poisonous, and that cattle eating it would be liable to die within a few hours. The remedy suggested is to plough the ground and sow a strong grass, but so far as river flats and tim- bered parts are concerned it is quite impossible to follow such advice. The railway revenue for last week shows another heavy decrease, attribut- able to "the farmers holding back wheat in hopes of better prices." The falling off in goods receipts, as compared with the same week of the previous year, was nearly L7000, while the decrease on passenger fares was L1052. The total receipts last week were L50,471, as against L58,701 in corresponding week of 1894, giving a net decrease of L8230. For the 29 weeks of the current financial year the falling off in railway revenue totals L115,235. An ice truck is to be attached to the midway train from Wangaratta to Melbourne to provide for the traffic in rabbit carcases. A considerable amount of rabbiting is done in the country be- tween Wangaratta and Bright, but the rabbits do not keep when sent by rail in the ordinary trucks during the sum- mer, and many of the trappers are leaving the district. It is believed that the cool truck will enable the traffic to be kept up. Great trouble has arisen in the Yarra- wonga Shire Council, a complete deadlock having occurred at its meet- ing last Monday. For sometime past a strong feeling prevailed that the valu- ation was too high, and failing to get it sufficiently reduced a motion was tabled to strike a rate of 9d in the £1. The President thereupon stated that if only a 9d rate was struck, the council would not be able to carry on, as the re- duction in the municipal subsidy meant a loss to the shire of £446. They would not be able to spend any money on works for the whole of the current year, as the overdrafts at the bank were already in excess of the amount allowed by the Act. It was resolved to let no more contracts and to refer the valu- ation back to the valuer with the ob- ject of getting a 17½ per cent reduction made in it. Economies are also to be effected amongst the officers. An Albury correspondent writes:— A Mr McEwan, a large farmer, arrived here on Monday from the Warrackna- beal district, with the object of arrang- ing, if possible, for renting up to 100,000 acres of land in this district for wheat growing on the "shares" principle. He asserts that if able to make favorable arrangements, fully 500 farmers, who are awaiting result of his mission, will follow him to this part of the Riverina. A great portion of a large estate within 30 miles from here, has been placed under offer to him, and the object of his visit is to inspect the land and ar- range details. Already a number of men with 50 horses are on the road from the Wimmera district on the off chance that the negotiations he is now engaged in will be successfully carried through. Traction engines and eight furrow ploughs are to be used in preparing the land for seed. Inspectors have been appointed to report upon the vineyards along the New South Wales side of the Murray from Albury to below Milawa with the object of ascertaining whether phyl- loxera is present in that locality. With the shipment sent from South Australia this week by the Ormuz, al- together 525 tons of butter have been forwarded to London this season, re- presenting a clear gain of between £50,000 and £60,000. The sum of £12,000 voted by Parliament for the purpose of subsidising the dairying industry by granting bonuses has al- ready been utilised, although only two or three years over which the bonuses were to extend have run out. The "ghost" seen it proximity to the Mount Ada Weir has not turned out to be, as has been suggested, the "Tan- tanoola tiger." However, we can hope for a visit from that mystic animal in due course, as he seems to be making his way hitherward, having been seen at Wycheproof by some workmen, on Monday last, while they were engaged in stripping a crop which formed the beast's hiding place. Robert Thomas, generally known by the cognomen of "Rusty Bob," who followed the occupation of a fisherman, was drowned in the Goulburn Rivet at Shepparton on Friday last, having fallen, it is supposed, thereinto whilst under the influence of drink. A man named Barker was killed at Mansfield a few days ago through a cart which he was driving overturning and the horse dragging the vehicle along with the man pinned underneath it. A ganger, whilst travelling along the line on a railway tricycle on his way to work, which lay near Springs, was, on Tuesday afternoon, overtaken by a special luggage train running from Benalla to Wodonga. Driver Rule and Fireman Leviston, who were in charge, passed over the summit of a hill, and came suddenly and unexpectedly upon the tricycle and occupant within a few yards of them, and before they could do anything in the way of staying the speed of the engine the man and tri- cycle were lost to view in front of the engine. However, the ganger's presence of mind had not left him, for he cleared the line almost instantaneously, the engine striking his machine, which was rendered a complete wreck. On the return journey the driver and fireman interviewed the man who was coolly working away, having received no injury whatever. . The St. James annual athletic sports will take place to-day. There will be the usual routine of running and jump- ing events, for which the best runners in the district are entered; therefore, good sport may reasonably be expected. The Benalla shop-keepers close this afternoon, and no doubt a large num- ber of the townspeople will proceed St. James-wards. Two good acts of retrenchment were done by Parliament on Wednesday. In one case the Governor's salary was re- duced from £10,000 to £7000 a year, and in the other the allowance of our Agent-General in London (Duncan Gillies) was cut down from £2000 to £1500 per annum. Duncan will shortly be back to Victoria, no doubt. Accounts for the undermentioned persons are awaiting payment at the sub- treasury, Benalla:—W. Heaney, W. Guppy (2), John Peters, P. G. McCallum, W. J. Gray, Geo. Holmes, A. McGuire, Jno. Nicholson, E. Walsh. Ward and party, who are working on the Toombullup rush, have been suc- cessful in striking a lead which, on be- ing treated, gave between 7 and 8 dwt of gold to the load. The sinking ranges from 3ft to 8ft. The annual notification to selectors in arrear demanding payment has been issued by the Lands Department. The circular reads as follows:—"I have the honor to draw your attention to the amount of rent now due on your license or lease, which is set forth in the mar- gin hereof, and to inform you that the sum should be at once paid. Unless this notice receives your prompt atten- tion it will be necessary to take into consideration the question of declaring your holding forfeited and open for re- selection." 