tali ME fiHf I'SlOBJii BY' H. LANDER. It was not so many years ago Ibat I shipped ns second mate aboard the clipper Tamar from Glasgow to 'Frisco with a general cargo.Tliey signed me on at the last moment, the other man having been taken by tbe police for q mid -gamy, as tbe skipper was pleased to term it. My predecessor appeared in l»n sn admirer of matrimony, but like most enthusiasts his zeal carried liiui to excesses. A proud and happy man I was when I stepped aboard the Tamar at Dnuooii, tor she was a pic ture of a slilp. (the was my lucky ship, too: for three years after, when she went into the iiort of I.omloli, I was her master, and from her 1 got into the company's service. 1 was a -gaunt, woody-looking cliap, having had a lough time ashore, and, in spite ol' mv fifteen vears at sea and master's cci-- I ideate, 'old Wilkius, the skipper grow led when he saw me, "If ever a man was wanted it is aboard. this ark. and they've sent me a Scotch herring bone." "1 hope there is some beef in ilie har ness-cask that'll soon put. my weight up. sir." I replied: at which lie grunted and waddled into his cabin. My skipper's niauucrs were not at tractive, but liis appearance was even less so. He was heavy, flabby, drink- sodden mail, and evidently bad not recovered from liis drams ashore. At a glance it was easy to see the Tamar was a bad ship. The crew were a de cent-looking lot of lads, with a fan sprinkling of tough old shellbacks among tbeui; but there was uo go ui the crowd. They slunk about lrttli glum faces, they obeyed an order smartlv. but always with a glance over their shoulders. I went fnnnd and found them too obsequious. The mer chant scainen are always independent and manly, and, in spile of their ab ject appearance, c«U lunch. These men bad been ill-treated, certainly not by Wilkius, for a fat drunkard is rarely a bully. This was soon explained when Ranald, the first mate, eame en board. Although lie hailed from Halifax. N.S.. he was a Yankee, and had tyrant stamped oil every inch of him. He was a powerful long armed man. with a loud voice, cold grcv eves that seemed to shoot fire from his bronzed face. His was flic face of a handsome red skin, hairless, straight features — ex pressionless, yet ever alert. Strange as it may seem, he was a gentleman of refined manners, considerable culture, and far more luxurious habits iliau a sea-faring man eau usually indulge. Bully is hardly tlie term for such a mau. hut. so masterful was liis nature, that he tyrannised over crew, captain and officers alike. Ho welcomed me with courtesy, and soon appreciated my seamanship: but when it came to bullring we disagreed. I believe in allowing men as much liberty as may be consistent with dis cipline. and like to bear a fiddle going and ilie lads singing furrud on a quiet night. A song ns they go round tlie capstan, a clmnty as they haul on the rope, and a good hearty laugh as often as possible doesn't cost file owners any thing. It's lieitor than having men loafing about, growling under tlieir breath like mutineers, as they did on board the Tamar. The only lad with any spirit in him was an Irish appren tice named Rciliy. The chief hated him. and treated him with considerable brutality. "We had words when I en couraged the men to sing; which ter minated bv his refusing to discuss 1he discipline 'of liis crew with a Scotch sea lawyer. When I pointed out to him that lie was not skipper, the look he gave me was unpleasant. As the skipper was generally gelling drunk, or sleeping off his drink, I had charge of a wateli, so rarely came in contact with Ranald when off duty. Now I'm fond of literature, and upon ilie rare occasions we met we had some very pleasant chats together, un til one evening a little discussion ended holly by bis refusing to accept a quo tation on the authority of an "illiterate Scotchman." Well, I told him that we Scotchmen were tbc best educated people in the world; while as tor Yan kees, I told him what I thought of tlieui. And north of the Tweed, gentle men. we never forget either injury or insult. At lasi. one evening down In tbe South Atlantic, our smoldering feud blazed forth. It was my watch, and Ranald was seated in his chair on the poop, smoking a cigar. He was dres sed iu a silk sleeping suit with a hand kerchief round his throat, and as lie lounged there with half-elosed eyes the sound of a jolly laugh came from a group of men by tbe galley. "Stop skylarking!" be shouted. it was a little thing, but there was thunder in the air. "Mr Ranald," 1 said, very distinctly "when I am in charge of tlie deck 1'U trouble you to remember that I give orders until relieved or reduced by ilie captain." Then strolling to the poop rail I shouted: "Amuse yourselves, my lads, within reason, like" froeborn Eng lishmen. and remember you're sailing under ilie British flag, not the Y'ankee gridiron, which means more stripes than stars for seamen." They say Scotsmen joke with difficul ty; well, that witticism cost me dear. Tho men laughed uneasily, but Ranald spraug from bis chair iu au iustaut, msliod into the waist and knocked the hulking lubbers about like niuepius. Then with a grim smile be sauntered up on the poop. I was tingling with rage and, as lie passed to liis cliair, bo hustled me. It was enough; one well directed blow sent him down on tbe deck. There was a hoarse roar of ap proval from tho men in the waist. "Silence, you cowardly blackguards!" I cried, when Ranald flew at me like a pautlior and clutched my throat. I hammered at him furiously, but he shook me as a terrier does a rat, and dragged me to the side. I was like a child in his iron grip, my senses were fast leaving me, as I twisted my hands convulsively in his neckcloth. The clouds seemed to be falling, Ilie sky was red and filled with shooting stars. As in a dream I saw the horror-strick en faces of the men at the wheel and Rellly, with a hand-spike above his head, creeping up behind us. Half lift ing me over the taffrail, he removed his right hand from my throat and slipped it into tlie breast-pocket of his shirt I saw the knuckle-duster gleaming on his baud as ho withdrew it and stepped back to get room tor bis blow. At that moment, through the hot, close air, an icy breath of wind Btr'uek my hack and shoulders. I shivered, hut Ranald stood frozen. The savage look of un controlled passion on his face had given place to one of terror. 'Waving his hands before him with a beseech ing gesture he staggered backwards, carrying me, hanging helplessly on to his neckcloth. Reilly dropped the hand-spike and scrambled uuder the after-gratings. Staggering across the deck, I seized It and faced my enemy. He stood erect and motionless with his arm drawn back as If to strike a blow. The terror was fading from bis face. 'Stand back,' he cried, gradually rais ing his voice, 'stand hack, Walter, or . .' and he struck out furiously into space. Then he laughed deliriously, and turning towards me said, with a vacant look In his eyes, "Did you notice the young hoodlum? X guess he thought to scare eio. Now I reckon he just i-rawieu ijp The side nnd stcod on the iaBTall pointing at mo. Ha! ha!. In tlie -same rtgr too, - just the same. A Jersey and slacks, only they were white. He was all White, -and lie stood on the taffrail pointing at me." "His voice died away in a whisper as; ho turned on his heel and sank into Ills chair. Then every man glanced ner vously at; his felibw' aud shuddered, rrosc'utlv he struck a match.-lito.eig.ir aud glanced at. us uneasily. 'Say, l'T-azcr,' be said with a pleasant laugh, you'll oblige mo by beiug more care ful. When I lose my temper I lose Sny Ucud aud accidents happen.' "Very possibly," I replied. "Would you mind taking charge of her tor a few minutes?" "With pleasure." Hastening below, I took my revolver and half-a-dozen cart lidges from my locker. Standing at liis side by tbc poop rail I loaded tlie chambers care fully, then, sllpplug it into my pocket, looked steadily at him. He returned my look wltli a smile. ' The incident was never referred to, but from that evening, like the major ity of men aboard, the first initio fre quently glanced over bis shoulder. Whenever tlie skipper came on deck lie was half sober, and found fault wiib everybody aud everything. Jt was near tho olid of tbe second dog watch one gloomy evening 1liat he nine on to the poop and commenced. Ranald was in charge, and had been shortening sail, so we drew near 1o hear the fun. "Lot of lubbers !— good enough for a Yankee. Call that bundle of dirty rag a reel'?— tlds ain't a laundry." So he grumbled on until Ranald cried furi ously: "Show mo what's wrong, you drun ken swab, and I'll show you (bat an American can right it." " Drmikeu swab, eh?" growled IV il- kiiis, as he steadied himself by the rail, and oast bis eye aloft. "Waal, Mr Yan kee. tlie weather eaiving of tlio mizzen topsail is slack, and I dou't call that toggling. You can bully my crew, but you can't do tilings yourself." "Then see if you can sail your own ship!" roared Ranald, and in anotlur moment be was racing up the railines. 'I sauntered aft Willi young Ericson. to gruniblo at our drunken skipper and maniac chief. l'rcseutly Wilkius growled. "T'nipli!" be look a hand to do tbe work. "Aloft there, it doesn't want two to tighten a Iasliing," he shouted. He was in a condition 1o see twenty men. instead of one. so I glanced care lessly aloft. Eric-son clutched my arm, nrnl wo stood thrilled by tbe t'Ciror of tlie unknown. Ranald had descended to tbe mizzeu-top and from behind the masthead the ghost was gliding. It was white from bend to foot, and wws dressed iu a jersey and slacks. It stood perfectly motionless, pointing at liim tvltli its' right arm. Startled by the skipper's voice, the unfortunate man paused. Then, seeing the spectre, staggered back with an awful cry. There was a dull thud on the deck, and the mizzen-top was empty. "The deuced fool," said tho skipper with drunken imbecility. Then he added, with an insane giggle, "Any how, I owe him sixty pounds." I rushed to tlie place where the man liad fallen. Ericson, a Norseman, re spected tlie wraith. There was the buzz of eager voices furrud. and what was suspiciously like a suppressed cliecr. The poor fellow groaned ns I turned him over. It was Indeed a ter rible fate for such a splendid man. His back was broken and bis lower limbs paralysed. It was five minutes before I eould get any man to come near us. At last the Cook brought brandy, and a circle of unsympathetic faces ga thered round. He groaned weakly and opened his eyes as I poured it down his throat. "Don't move me," be whispered. "I'll die here all alone. f?eud those men tor- ward. 1 hustled the crowd away. " I'razor, Frnzer," lie cried faintly, " you stand by nie. It won't be for long, no tracked me down at last. It is always so. I treated him as I was going to treat you that night, aud be climbed up tlie side and on the taffrail pointing at me. It was years ago. and, God knows, I've paid for it. Social po sition, country, family— I lost tbom all. Come nearer, man. Send all my papers to my brother— lie mentioned a name too well known to be repeated — you can have my kit and cash. Make Wilkius pay that sixty. Now leave me. for 1 nni dying. I'm not afraid of him, or any man, dead or alive : I never was." Alone on (he gloomy deck, with the groat vault of heaven overhead, where the rising wind blow Hie clouds across tlie moon, and, striking the sails, fanned him with its cold breath, tho murderer died in silence and without a fear. » The chief officer lit a fresli cheroot, and nobody spoke until Fihler was de tected glancing over liis shoulder. " Now, Frazer, own up. Do you, a Scotsman, who are ilie best educated people iu tlie world, believe in that ghost 'i " " implicitly, aud I'll tell you why. When he went for me that niglit I say It was the association of ideas brought his crime suddenly hack to his mind, which, lieing disturbed by pas sion, distorted his thought into a wraith." "Most lucid, but as to the second appearance ? " " Well. I had special opportunit ies forjudging," said Frazer with a twin kle in his eyes. " Being the first man fuiTud I saw the ghost slide down the mizen stay and scuttle into the fo'- cstle. Ho also remarked ' Begorra, bhoys, it's dead he is,' which is toler ably good Irish, while Ranald's victim was an American. As a matter of fact, while I was shouting tor help, they wore brushing flour off young Shamus Reilly, and pouring brandy down tlie imp's throat." " And, sir, what did you do to bring that lad io justice V" demanded the Chief Justice. " Wcli, sir, If a man takes tlie law into his own hands, he can't com plain it he fails by lawless means. Anyhow Ranald would not. He had treated that lad brutally, for tlie Board of. Trade and Shipping Acts don't go very far to sea ; so as justice occasion ally slumbers I shut my eyes. The only man who was much affected was Wilklns. The poor besotted creature got an idea into hlB bead tbnt be bad caused the disaster, and he gave us an anxious three, weeks before he had finished his last drinking bout After that we were not unduly troubled cither by ghosts or spirits aboard tbe Tamar." The anti-tobacco movement seems to be making progress in tbe United States. Fifty thousand public school boys are now numbered' In the Anti- Cigarette League of New York, .whlph has been organised la all the (llnety- flve grammar schools of the city. Sev eral of the more prominent educational Institutions seem also to. be taking up a determined attitude on the matter. The President of the Ohio Wesleyan University has just issued the follow ing:— "We have decided to ask all our students to discontinue the use of to bacco, beginning next Fall, and if any tobacoo users come we will have to dis solve partnership necessarily." 