PARSON'S GHOST. I had come up from Gippsland, was stopping with a friend at Blacktown, enjoying a short holiday and attending to a little business at the same time which I had in the district, and which occasionally took me to Langton, a small township some 15 miles distant. I was later than usual in setting out on my return journey, but with a good horse, a clear starlight night, and good going, I looked for- ward to an exhilarating gallop home. In the strictest truth I may say I had had but one drink that day, and that only on persuasion of my client, who was a connoisseur of the most approved type, for I was for the callings I had followed a distinctly abstemious man, to which in no small degree I owed my superb health and splendid physical development. For a mile or two I took it leisurely, and was just about to let the horse have his head, when I became aware — unconsciously as we do at odd moments — of somebody's presence, and saw that a horseman had come noise lessly up, and was riding closely alongside me. The night, although moonless, was clear, sufficiently so to see a good few lengths ahead, and I was aroused from my'roilective mood by the thought of a canter in company with the Btranger. He returned no answer to my greeting, which I repeated in a louder tone, and, again getting no response, thinking he may have been meditatively blind, looked closely, though not scrutinisingly, at him. He seemed to me to be above the middle age, long and lean, with a generally dilapidated air and cress, a sort telt hat was drawn over bis eyes, his face was half averted, and he wore a scraggy beard, whilst his hands rested list lessly on the withers of an animal almost as omaciated as himself. Used to tho rough hospitality of the bush and its scant courtesies, I concluded he was not in the humor for conversation or com panionship, and. made a movement to press ahead ; but although I quickened my horse's pace, my neighbor's, without apparent call from his rider, kept upon even terms. My attention, moreover, was distracted for a few moments by my own mount, which became restive, but when I glanced over my shoulder there was the same inert and dejected form of my unwelcome and taciturn fellow-traveller. A strange feeling of uneasiness came over me. 'We had come about a mile together, when I suddenly drew rein and bent over to touch him with my whip, thinking now he may have fallen asleep. I could feel nothing. It was no' illusion. I rubbed my eyes and stared at him — so completely did the figure fascinate me — but not the slightest movement did horse or maq make. My tongue refused speech, the perspiration poured down my face, and I was absolutely nerveless and paralysed with fear. For a few moments — it seemed more like hours — I remained in this awed state, then re covering my numbed sense, struck my horse Bharply and dashed headlong forward. 1 galloped as if the devil were in pursuit for Morden, a village half-way on my road, only turning as a welcome light or two appeared to find my companion had gone. I dismounted at the hotel, as such designated, and reeled rather than walked into the parlor, where the : landlord, old Whitton, who knew me, was seated with a customer. Although the exercise had steadied my nerves, I had not quite regained my self possesion, and saw that both looked curiously at me, thinking, perhaps, from my appear ance I had been imbibing. We drank together, and although I did not intend to stop more than a minute or two it occurred to me that either one or both might be able to afford a clue to the elucidation of the_ mystery, so I recounted briefly my ex UUlOOIUttU. I at once had them interested. They told me that from my description it must have been ' Parsons' Ghost, which had haunted the locality for years past, and had been seen at lengthy intervals by several persons who had known Parsons, a selector, that had at one time disappeared mysteriously from the dis trict, and supposed by many to have been murdered. _ I had not looked for such ready corroboration, and was now anxious to get away, anxious, too, for a close acquaintance with my spectral friend to satisfy myself it was no delusion. I shook hands with both men, and rode briskly away past the few scattered houses, and out into open country. At some distance the road took a sharp turn, and descended abruptly, a thick fringo of trees on either side making it very dark and necessitating a little care. Again that strange feeling held me 1 was not alone ; my borae, usually so quiet, betrayed symptoms of intense excitement. So I set him going and cast a look round, to find the figure was again beside me. We were,going at a good pace,' his move-, ments in perfect unison with my own— so per fect that the hoof-be.ats of one horse only were audible. Not an inch' did I: gain, - nor was a word to be drawn from the spectre.at my side, : but I leant forward to get a better look at the face of the dreadfully-impassive figure;' About a mile from Blacktown a light wooden bridge spans a small creek, at the time water less. The devil of recklessness had its grip on me. I bored him to the side to prevent his passage, ready to check any counter on his part, and riding so closely that I had to lift my leg to prevent collision with the railing, He had finished his run ; turning slowly round, he gave a horrible grating laugh, lifted his horse, which flew over the rail and disap peared with him from view. I pulled up on the other side, and peered over, but not a sound broke the stillness of the night. I was trembling with the fierce excite ment of the last few moments, and my horse showed signs of the terrible pace at which we had been travelling, Over my friend's table the story was told, and discussed far into the night. So much so did I succeed in impressing my hearers that it was decided to conduct a thorough search of the creek-bed at the bridge. The tale was supported by the fact of a skeleton being found, to which a few shreds of clothing hung, half embedded in silt, and covered with river growth, a chain of circum stances which aroused tho country side to a recital of the doings of the strange horseman. It was difficult to say whether death had been tho result of foul play, Tho skull was smashed, but from a malformation of one of the leg bones the identification of Parsons was established. The inhabitants have placed it on imperishable record, and require but little persuasion to tell a stranger of the history of Parsons' Ghost. — H.G.L. 