THE PREVENTION OF SMALL- POX. "Out of sight is out of mind" the old saw says, and when we South Austra- lians "think of our mercies," which, to be sure, is not often, we seldom remember to include our practical immunity from a dread disease that still gives added anxiety and uncertainty to life in certain of the older countries of the world, and are even apt to consider preventive measures as vexatious and unnecessary till the need of them is shown by the appearance of the foe at our doors. It is not a hundred years since vaccina- tion was discovered, little more than forty since it became compulsory, yet a generation which has grown up in com- parative safety finds it hard to realize the grim part played by smallpox in the lives of our grandfathers, when the dread scourge struck down whole families, blind- ing or disfiguring thooe, it failed to kill. It is only by looking back into the past that we can value rightly the remedial pro- cess that has checked and diminished its power. One has only to turn to an old- fashioned novel to learn in some degree how prevalent the disease of smallpox was. If a character has to die pathetically she catches smallpox from some child or poor person she has been nursing ; if she has been frivolous her vanity is punished by the same disease. Still more, if a lover's truth is to be tested, his lady love has smallpox from which she comes out cruelly dis- figured, and the lover who remains true to her is considered a hero indeed. The fear of the malady was very strong, and in view of the old-fashioned treatment one cannot wonder. When the unlucky patients were shut up, loaded with bed clothes in heated rooms from which every breath of fresh air was exclu- ded, and stimulants freely administered, the marvel was, not that many died, but that any survived. Saner methods have done much to modify the evil, and vacci- nation, if it does not always prevent, certainly mitigates an attack. Some idea of the value of this pre- servative may be gathered from the pro- portion of deaths of persons assailed. Of those unvaccinated one in three are said to die, of those who have been vacci- nated only one in fifteen. By some authorities the protective power of vacci- nation is declared to bear a direct pro- portion to the number of scars left. Thus one is said to give a mortality of 8 percent, of those attacked two rather more than 4 per cent.; three less than 2 per cent. ; and four not 1 per cent., but about one in 200. It is also asserted that in the British army, which is exposed to many risks, but which is pro- tected by vaccination, only one man in a thousand takes smallpox, and not one in 10,000 dies of it. The wan of some such method of protection was felt long before Jenner's time, and the "hair-of-the-dog- that- bit-him" system, which may be said to be the backbone of modern medical science, was even then felt to be the true solution. The first attempts were crude, as might have been ex- pected. Our forefathers anticipated M. Pasteur's cure for hydrophobia, but instead of inoculating with attenuated virus they gave the bitten party a bit of the mad dog's tongue to eat. So in China, where, if we are to believe the Celestial, everything was first invented, they had long ago a method of inocula- tion for smallpox. This method, which, by the way, they euphuis- tically call "the budding of the flowers," was sufficiently nasty in practice and dangerous in results to make most people prefer the disease to the cure. The dried virus was put on cottonwool and stuffed up the nose of the patient, with the result that as often as not he went blind. A somewhat milder practice was that which Lady Mary Wortley Montague noticed as being in operation in Turkey and afterwards introduced into England. Writing from Adrianople in tha year 1717, she says :— "The smallpox, so fatal and so general amongst us, is here entirely harmless by the invention of ingrafting, which is the term they give it here. She then goes on to tell how a set of old women perform the operation in September, when the heat of the summer is over. Their method of proceeding cannot be better described than by giving her own words :— "People send to one another to know if any of their family has a mind to have the smallpox. They make parties for this purpose, and when they are met — commonly fifteen or sixteen together - the old woman comes with a nutshell full of the matter of the best sort of smallpox, and asks what vein you will please to have opened. She immediately rips open that you offer to her with a large needle, which gives you no more pain than a common scratch, and puts into the vein as much matter as can lie upon the head of her needle, and after that binds up the little wound with a hollow bit of shell, and in this manner opens four or five veins." The result she describes as follows: — 'The children or young patients play together all the rest of the day, and are in perfect health to the eighth. Then the fever begins to seize them, and they keep their beds two days, very seldom three. They have very rarely above twenty or thirty in their faces, which never mark, and in eight days' time they are as well as before their illness." Even now, though divested of muoh of its harmful power, the smallpox snake is "scotched, not killed," and the safest plan and the simplest is to keep it at a safe distance, prevention being better than any number of cures. On this account it is of supreme importance that quarantine arrangements should in these isolated colonies be maintained in a high state of efficiency. The V.R.C. Spring Meeting.— In sporting circles in Australia 1895 will long be distinguished as Auraria's year. In several respects the spring carnival of the V.R.C. which, was brought to a close on Saturday has been an exceptionally successful one, but the most notable and memorable feature in it has been the performances of the daughter of Trenton. Rarely indeed in the annals of the turf has it fallen to the lot of one com- petitor, and still more rarely to the lot of a filly, to fill so large a space in the public eye, and to put up so brilliant a record. Even the owner, who has never lacked confidence in his three year old, cannot have expected, what- ever may have been his hopes, to have reaped so rich a harvest. The prize upon which he counted most certainly eluded his grasp, but for her defeat in the Derby Auraria made ample amends. In the first place she an- nexed the Melbourne Cup, the great handicap of the year, defeating all comers to the number of thirty-five. She had next to meet in the Oaks on even terms an array of fillies of her own age. The field was not a large one, but no doubt included the best contestants that could be brought against her in accor- danoe with the conditions of the race. On this occasion the win was decisive, the champion, as she well deserves to be called, romping home as she pleased a length and a half ahead of the next horse. But the severest test of her mettle was yet to come. In the C. B. Fisher Stakes she was called upon to meet Wallace, who had wrested the Blue Riband from her ; Hova, who had won the Melbourne and Flying Stakes, and had so stubbornly disputed Cup honours with her, that he was only left a neck behind on the post ; and Osculator, who had contrived to finish before her in the Derby. Here was a quartet which comprised tbe principal cracks of the meeting, and the struggle that ensued was one to be remembered. The result justified to the full the reputa- tion of the competitors, and conspicuously demonstrated the splendid quality of the Cup winner. This may be said without reservation, in spite of the fact that Wallace when all was over shared with her the pride of place. That the son of Carbine proved himself her equal is no disparagement to her, for he has estab- lished his claim to rank among the grandest colts ol this, or any previous, year in Australia. While, however, he has only scored one absolute win, Auraria has two victories to her credit, including the Cup, so that there can be no question as to her title to the premiership of the meeting. It of course goes without saying that the special significance to South Australians of the triumph of the filly lies in the circumstance that her owner is a fellow colonist, and that she herself has been trained in the colony. Further than this the highest satisfaction, alike to all true sportsmen and to those who care little about the turf is afforded by the kuowledge that Mr. David James ia a man whose influence can be depended upon to keep horse racing free from the taint of dishonest or questionable deal- ings. Holding himself in great measure free from betting transactions, he has not even the temptation to be guided in his action by the state of the odds or by arrangements with regard to the backing of his horses. Such an owner cannot fail to give confidence to the public and to be serviceable to the cause of genuine sport. It is not necessary that we should refer to other noteworthy aspects of the late Carnival in Melbourne, partly be- cause they are all more or less over shadowed by the events to which we have alluded, particularly by the triumph of Auraria, and partly because "Tarquin," who, as usual, has been marvellously successful in "tipping" the best performers in the various races, has sufficiently dwelt upon them in his reports and notes. We con- gratulate the V.R.C. on the signal suc- cess of the late meeting, achieved notwith- standing the absence of the legalized gambling machine which confessedly has so much to do with the prosperity of racing in South Australia. The Holiday.— South Australia loyally keeps the anniversaries of the births of the chief members of the Royal Family, and under our November skies the Prince of Wales's birth- day is far better honoured in Australia than it is in Britain. To-day the holiday will be celebrated with the usual eclat. There are not many engagements in the city, but the de- votees of every kind of outdoor sport have something afforded them. The chief event in town will be the continuation of the inter- solonial cricket match between South Aus- tralia and Victoria on the Adelaide Oval. Sportsmen have the Gawler races to occupy their attention, while the cyclists are excited over the Fifty-mile Road Race, which comes off to-day. The Semaphore will have a sports programme, and indeed, all over the colony race and sports meetings are to be held. For the students of natural history and botany there are the Zoological and Botanic Gardens. There is no dearth of amusements for the evening, when the Mayor's Banquet will take plaoe at the Town Hall. The Cambridge Specialty Company will appear at the Theatre and the Elite Troupe at the Bijou. Vice regal.— His Excellency the Governor was present at the opening of the cricket match on the Adelaide Oval on Saturday, and later on he went to the athletic carnival in connection with the Y.M.C.A. festival. In the evening His Excellency attended the concert given by Signor de Beaupuis in the Town Hall. The engagement list for the coming week is full. He will begin by attend- ing the cricket match, and this evening he will be present at the annual Mayoral dinner in the Town Hall. On Tuesday he expects to receive a visit from Rear Admiral Bridge, who will be a guest at Government House. On Wednesday morning Sir Fowell Buxton will be presented with an address of welcome by the Chamber of Commerce. In the after- noon Lady Viotoria will hold a reception at Government House from 4.30 to 5.30 p.m., all ladies being invited to attend. Sir Fowell has accepted an invitation to preside at the annual meeting of the Children's Hospital on Thursday, and in the evening he will be entertained by the Adelaide Club at dinner. His Excellency will visit the city schools on Friday, and in the evening of that day he will give a small dinner party in honour of the visit of the Admiral. The Chamber of Manufactures will present His Excellency with an address of welcome on Saturday morning, and the viceregal party will, during the afternoon, attend a garden party at Linden, the resi- dence of Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Hay. Incoming Mail Steamer— The R.M.S. Ophir left Albany on Friday evening and is expected to arrive at Largs Bay at 8 o'clock to-morrow morning. The Orient Steamer Cuzco. —On the arrival at Largs Bay of the Cuzco she will remain in strict quarantine till further orders. H.M.S. Orlando.— The Orlando, which is expected to arrive at Port Adelaide to-day, is to steam at once into harbour, where a specially prepared berth awaits her. On a previous visit she steamed as far as the North Arm, but the Admiral declined to go into the Port on that, occasion. Our Shipping Reporter writes : — "A dispatch to the marine authori- ties contained a request that Pilot Smith should be told off to wait upon the vessel, and in consequence the body of pilots waited on the Harbourmaster and President of the Board to object to any definite selection, but as no sufficient argument was adduced to sup- port the objection, itfell through, and Pilot Smith is the favoured man." H. M.S. Wal- laroo is said to be expected to arrive on Tuesday. The Grand Spring Carnival.— Saturday was the last day of the Spring Carnival of the Y.M.C.A. and Y.W.C.A. of South Australia. In the afternoon an athletic carnival was held on the Jubilee Exhibition Oval, where cycling and pedestrian events were contested. In the evening the fair was continued in the Jubilee Hall. There was a very large attendance, and two concerts by Herr Heinicke's grand orchestra were also well patronised. The General Secretary, Mr. J. J. Virgo, finds it impossible as yet to state how the affair has resulted financially. It is sincerely to be hoped that the efforts of the management and their Secretary, who have at least deserved success, to relieve the burden of debt on the Y.M.C. A., have not failed of their purpose. Intercolonial Cricket.— The first inter- colonial match of the season was begun on the Adelaide Oval on Saturday, in the presence of between 3,000 and 4,000 spectators. The character of the play was somewhat disap- pointing, especially from a South Australian standpoint, as our men fielded very indiffe- rently. The Victorians, despite poor batting form, were therefore able to raise 220 runs, towards which Graham 50, Laver 42, and Perryman 31 were the principal contributors. In three-quarters of an hour three of the local men were disposed of for 47 runs. With Giffen still going, and Dyer, Hill, the Jervis brothers, and Blinman to bat, there should be some interesting play to-day. His Excellency the Governor, who was present for a little while on Saturday, has intimated that he intends to witness the match to-day. Intercolonial Chess.— a chess match between representatives of New South Wales and South Australia was played by telegraph on Saturday. There were twelve players a side, and definite results were arrived at in all but three games. The score stands at present: —New South Wales, 5 ; South Australia, 4. Conference of National Defence Leagues. — A Conference was held in Mel- bourne on Thursday and Friday, November 7 and S, of delegates from the National As- sociation of New South Wales, the National Liberal League of Victoria, and the National Defence League of South Australia. Messrs. J. M. Purves and W. T. Poole attended from Sydney, Messrs. John Darling, jun., and F. C. Howard from Adelaide, Victoria being re presented by Hon. Walter Madden and Mr. John McMeicken. In addition to these gentle- men the Secretaries of the three Associations were present. The Hon. Waiter Madden was elected President and Mr. J. M. Purves Vice- President. The Conference was enthusiastic and unanimous in its deliberations, and amongst other items it resolved to recommend to the various Associations to adopt a common name, common objects, and common plat- form. A scheme for the affiliation of the several Leagues was prepared, and it was also resolved to admit kindred Societies from the other colonies. The Conference expressed the hope that the meeting would be followed by many similar gatherings, and that a kindly and federal spirit would result. At the conclusion of the second day's sitting the President entertained the delegates at luncheon. The South Australian representatives returned by Saturday morning's express. Severe Bereavements— The many friends of Mr. R. Lewis, who was well known to sup- porters of athletics as the Secretary of the Adelaide Football Club when that body was in the zenith ot prosperity, will deeply sympa- thize with him in another misfortune which has overtaken him. Some time ago one of his children was burnt to death ; a few days ago two others died ; on Friday his wife passed away, and his infant child is dying. The late Mrs. Lewis was a daughter of Mr. G. F. Ind, of Paradise. The Crops. — A gentleman who has re- turned from a trip in the North informs us that the crops about Redruth are very fine, and at Port Broughton one blocker has 16 bushels to the acre. St. John Ambulance Association.— Dr. Torr, of Way College, keeps ambulance work well in view in his institution. Recognising the fact that the boys under his care will soon be scattered over the land engaged in various occupations, and more or less exposed to acci- dents, he secures them instruction in "first- aid" to the injured. On Thursday afternoon Dr. A. A. Hamilton, one of the Association examiners, attended at Way College, and tested the class recently instructed by Dr Rogers. The Examiner reported that the general average of answering was "decidedly good," and that the work was characterized by "clearness and accuracy of expression." The following passed :— J. H. Dingle, W. Latter, G. Lang, A. W. Moseley, J. Mclntosh, H. S. McFarlane, H. Torr, S. Trengrove, C. Wells, and P. Wells. J. Mclntosh was facile princeps in the written part of the examination. Lost at Sea.— The ship Loch Tay, which has just arrived at Port Adelaide from Glas- gow, reports that on September 2 the cook of the vessel, named William Grant, was missed, and that he must have fallen overboard with out anyone noticing the sad occurrence. Serious Trap Accident at Hindmarsh.— A serious accident occurred at Milner- street, Hindmarsb, on Sunday afternoon, when Mr. W. Burford, of Carrondown, sustained con- cussion of the brain by being thrown from a vehicle. Mr. A. McDonald, who was driv- ing, was also severely shaken and bruised, and a boy named Sohmidt, besides other injuries, had a severe cut on the face. The injured nen were conveyed to their homes. Mr. Burford, who is an elderly man, was at- tended to by Dr. Goldsmith, and at 9 o'clock on Sunday evening was still uncon- soious, and his oonditton is considered very serious. Hie wife is in delicate health, and the case has excited great sympathy. The buggy belongs to Mr. J. S. Gunn, who lent it for the drive, and Mr. McDonald is em- ployed by him. It seems that the party in the vehicle were returning from a funeral which had taken place at the Hindmarsh Cemetery, when the bolt of one of the shafts broke, causing the horse to swerve, and the front part of the carriage becoming locked the trap overturned. Mr. W. H. Elliott, who was one of the occupants, fortunately jumped in time to escape injury. The vehicle is con- siderably damaged. "Pears' Annual."— Messrs. A. & F. Pears, the famous soap manufacturers, have taken time by the forelook, for, although there are yet more than six weeks to the 25th December, they have forwarded to the colonies advance copies of their Christmas "Annual" for 1895. Early in the field as they are, they have little reason to fear comparison with rival publica- tions which in due course will appeal for Australian patronage. The present number is one of the most attractive ever issued by them, and higher praise than this it is difficult to bestow. The front page, whioh presentsa brilliantly coloured and artistic representation of Yuletide festivities, is a fitting introduction to the contents o! the Annual. There is a thrilling atory by Charles Dickens extending over twenty-six pages entitled "The Haunted Man - Ghost's Bargain ; a Fancy for Christmas time.' This has been profusely illustrated by Charles Green, R. I., whose admirable drawings are most effectively pre- sented. Accompanying the Annual proper are three splendid pictures of large size. They are beautifully drawn and exquisitely coloured, all the details being reproduced with marvellous fidelity. One of them is entitled "The Long Bill," and represents a greatly perturbed client perusing a prodigious bill of costs, while a gigantic long-billed bird stands sedately behind his chair. The second, designated "Suspense," depicts a little girl saying grace over a dainty entertainment, which is being watched with eager interest by a pet kitten and terrier. The third is called "The Flowers of the East;" it is a masterpiece of gorgeous colouring, but, richly decorated as it is, the nicest regard to artistic effect is observed. Copies of the periodical have reached us from Mr. W. C. Rigby and from Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Son. "Socialism and Sense." — This work, received from E. S. Wigg & Son, is from the pen of William Hill, a pronounced Radical, and in it he indulges in denunciations of socialism from an individualistic point of view. What in the author's opinion are the true lines upon which a juster distribution of the world's wealth may be brought about are also indicated. The assertion is denied that the rich are becoming richer and the poor poorer and an endeavour is made to prove by figures that such is not the case. Mr. Hill is a great believer in the stimulus to exertion supplied by self-interest, without which, he says, "should we not quickly be landed in a state of stagnation, with the inevitable sequel of demoralization and decline? And as to the prospect of saying farewell to selfishness, where resides the man who entertains the idea?" The organization of labour and management of all the machinery of production, distribution, and exchange by the State the author ridicules in a most merciless manner. Mr. Hill is a very clear and forcible writer, who uses the sledge hammer unsparingly in driving home the fact that the lion and lamb alliance era is not yet in sight on the national horizon. The book is illustrated by Mr. Carruthers Gould, whose political cartoons are so geuerally admired, and is published in London by Walter Scott, Limited. The Discovert of Australia. —In these enlightened days when there are hardly any other worlds to worry about, except the North Pole and the planet Mars, it is deeply interest- ing to study the charts of those brave old pioneer voyagers and travellers who at the peril o! their lives, pushed gropingly into un- sounded seas and trod trackless wilds in the pursuit of knowledge under almost insuper- able difficulties. We have received a number of remarkably interesting charts on stiff cardboard republished from that valuable work "The Discovery of Australia," by Albert F. Calvert, F.R.G.S., &c.; These excite wonder, admiration, aud amuse- ment, for one cannot contemplate the crude results of the earlier navigators without a feeling of astonishment at what they accom- plished with such terrible odds against them, admiration at the comparative accuraoy of their deductions, and respectful amusement on comparing the shrewd guesses with the facts as we now know them. They were grand, indomitable, heroic men those old navigators, with their clumsy top- hampered craft and primitive methods of working out their observations, and the world owed them a debt of gratitude that never can be paid, it is too vast. The charts cover discoveries made from the early part of the sixteenth century nearly down to the present time, and bear such illustrious names as Orontius Finæus (1531), Jean Kotz (1542), who gives us the coastline of our northern coast as the "Jonde of Java." A map of the world by Rotz, dedicated to Henry VIII.; Jomard (1516), whose highly ornate map of Java la Grande, with a castle, enormous lions contemplating picturesque palm trees, and sea serpents off the coast battling with the aborigi- nals, is in the British Museum; Nicholas Vallard (1547), whose imagination takes the form of Oriental processions, turtles, camels, and horses on land, and, what looks like an icthyosaurus and other monsters of the deep guarding the coast : Pierre Descelliers, priest of Arques ( 1550), who revels in drome- daries, sun worshippers, elephants, a megatherium, and tropical scenery, ad lib.; Cornelius de Judœus (1593), who is very ornate, and Jodocus Hendius (1595), who is vary plain, with his section of a map of Terra Australis, and who shows the tracks of Drake and Cavendish away off our northern coast. There is also a section ot a map in the British Museum declaring Mascel Godin de Eredia to have discovered Terra Australis in 1601. The contributions of Dampier (1700) Emanuel Bowen, forty-seven years later, and copies of rare map of the world, with a comparison, are included in this capital collection, which is in a neat portfolio. AN OLD COLONIST — The children and grandchildren of Mr. William George Trotter met at the residence of his daughter, Mrs. R. M. Vierk, Cardwell-street, city, on Novem- ber 9, to celebrate his eightieth birthday. He is a colonist of fifty-seven years, having arrived in the colony in the year 1838 in the ship Rajasthan. He was one of the first settlers in Tanuada, and has lived in the discrict for about forty yearn. At one tine he was a member of the Police Force, and served under the late Captain Tolmer. He is in compara- tively good health, and still reads without the aid of glasses. DR. BARNARDO'S HOMES.—Cecil and Peter, 10s. 6d. 