Local and General News. The members of the Bjllau Quadrille Assembly; will bold their third social on Tuesday evening next. Mr P. J. Cody lias leceivert from Mr J. IJ. Wonlton the medal awarded for best playcr duriag the last football season. Miss Lizzie Keller, of llallarat Kast, a domestic at the Haihvay horel, Ballan, had rather an unpleasant experience on Saturday last. Desiiing to ride to Ballarat, she borrowed a horse for the purpose. She imagined that the proper way" to start a linise is to whack him, and she carried her idea into effect. The steed, an old racer, with so much " encouragement" started off at a great pace and increasing at each additional yard, turned the bank corner and proceeded along Iuglis street at racing speed. The rider was observed to be in" difficulties as she was obliged to devote herself to au endeavor to hold on by the pummels of the saddle. Mr Win. Lay seur. gallantly set sail after the runaway, but just as his hoise—as gallant as his ridercame up to the quarry the ladv finally collapsed and fell to the ground" Fortunately she escaped with a few scratciies and a liastv shaking. The Dalian Water Trust met yestesday," anil pHSM il accounts ainmi'itiug to £01 2*2d, that being (lie only business of the meeting. Twenty IHCIIIIKTH of the newly formed Ballan Ijhural Society were piesent on Monday evening, and a capital practice was held, lutcniliu:' (numbers should enrol their names without delay. We arc rcqneste 1 to draw attention to an important announcement appearing elsewhere. respecting the watchmaking e tablishmcnt of Mr (,'. Payne, Sturt Street, Ballarat. The weather ou Sunday last was particularly wintry, a very keen wind blowing throughout the day with the force of a gale, accompanied by frequent heavy showers. A» a e ins-fpience the congrecati ins at the various ehiirchen, were somewhat limited. Mr Kerr of Alvriiiong, has sold his hole' pi operty to Mr Foley of Melbourne. It is pwbable that Mr Kerr will reside iu, or within easy distance of this district, and as he has not disposed of his extensive catering plant, he and Mrs Kerr may still be heard of in c'u'.iicctinii with that important branch of his business. Thomas Manual, 20 years of age, a minor living at H^e't'ou, who had been arrested by Constables Arthur aud Cuthbort on an iuformati in siv.irn by Mrs Westerbeck, charging him with criminally assaulting her daughter Mary, 14 years of age, was charged at tne police court yesterday with the offence, and remanded for 14 days. A late train was run from Ballarat to Ballan, ou Tuesday evening, to enable residents of this district to return to their homes after Mr Davitt's lecture. The train would have been much more extensively patronised, had the public any more convenient means of getting iuto Ballarat than by the morning train, which necessitated the loss of a day, and a delay of several hours prior to the lecture. The deitli of Mrs Joseph Taplev. so well known to theatre goers as Miss Violet Varley, hat called forth great sympathy from the people of Melbourne, who attended her funeral in thousands. The Argus this morning gives a leugthy accotiut of the obsequies, and concludes with the following touching words.—Piesently they lowered the little coffin down into the earth as the evening closed i:i, and a glorious suuset spread its rosy hues over the faces ::f all as the last words were said. Tneu the curtaiu of the night fell slowly, and the lit le actress went home to rest. That inu 'ii-.vmscd wee.l known as stinkwort, whose existence in the district has caused a gre;it deal of worry to land-owners, is evidently after all not the scourge both the press an I the niuiiienj il bodies had led fanners to belie.e. 1'ie X/iitl Free Press, iu a lecent issue, made the startli.jg statement th.-it Minkwort is not a noxious weed, but a valuable foil ler plant, especially as it grows in the dry suin-iur months. It advanced undoubted proof- iu substantiation of the sheep's partiality for the we^i. a certain border grazier having fattened 930 siieep on a 610 acre stiukw irt padduck. Mr S. B. Dickenson, heal teacher nf the Bailan State School, has ''ee:> pr.un >ted tn the charge of the liurek i Street School, one of the largest and most important in BJIlaiat. Mr Dickenson has had charge of the lucal school for eighteen mouths, and under his care the excellent reputation gaiued in Mr Rattray's day has been maintained, the scholars, at the perio 4 ical examinations, givinc evidence of souud traiuiug aud most satisfactory advancement. Sir D cicensou's friends, whilst regretting bis re noval from Ballan, will be pleased to know tiiat he has been selee'cd for a more important position, aud wish him continued prosperity aud success. Bacchus Marsh Items :—It seeing to be an understood thins that • lie Bacchus Marsh Couceutratcd Milk Coy. are going to raise the price of milk from 4d to 6d pur gallou on aud after Monday next. Of course this is ro'il.Vuie.'i^/V; £i',£j^j;e>£beless I think it is passed through Bacchus i\farsi7 on Friday last, on a tour of inspection, and they expressed themselves as highly pleased with the appearance of the Bacchus Marsh station. Straage to say. a deputation from Cuimadai. to have a railway line built to that suburb, did not wait on them. No dou'it such a deputation is in reserve for the 19th century. -The Park concert is to suffer through a big wedding at Crookdale to-day (Thursday), the same date as the concert. Miss Alice M'Grath is to be inanied to Mr R. G. McDonald, late of Keilor, but who is now renting M'Cormack's paddock, near the i racecourse. A very successful coucert was held last eveuing in the Myrniong Mechanics' Hall, iu aid of the funds of the Myrniong Church of Englaud. The liev. R. Baehanan, Virar of Blackwood, presided, aud apologies were received from Mr S. T. Staughton, M.L. A., and clergymen of tile district who were unable to be present. During an iuterval a very handsomely bound Church Service was presented to Miss Richards, lite organist of the Church, ou behalf of whom Mr W. H. Richards responded. A very attractive programme was capitally rendered and much ap. preciated. Vocal items were supplied by Miss Mauly (Bacchus Marsh), Peachy (Melbourne), M. A, aud M. Burnsyde (Blakeville). and Messrs Mackie aud Carroll (Blackwood), Wright (Melbourne). A. Robertson (Bacchus Marsh), Latiobe-Bateman and T. A. Colebrook (Ballan). Recitations were given by Messrs L. Dugdale, M.A. LL.B. (Melbourne), Wright aud Colebrook. A coffee social concluded a very enjoyable evening. A desperate encounter with one of the miscreants who is at present acting the part of a ghost, took pkee last night in Ballarat Kast. At half-past 7 o'clock Mr Frederick J. Park, a miner, residing at Mouut Pleasant, was walking up Eureka street to meet his wife iu Queen street, when nearing the junction of Ford and Margaret streets he heard the cries of a woman, ilr Park ran in the direction of theory, and turning the corner, saw a mysterious figure, chasing a female across the street, . Mr Park, who is an elderly man, at once went iu chase of the ghost, and overtaking the object, canght hold of a man dressed up iu white smock with a coiiiu lid three yards long attached to his back. The man's face was also smeared with phosphorous, giving a most peculiar appearance. Mr Park pluckily closed with the piasquerader, and succeeded in throwing him to Hie ground, where he secured a firm hold of the man's leg. Finding lie could not get away, the ruffian drew a Itnife and made a lunge at his captor, whom he struck on the arm, cutting through the coat aud shirt and drawing blood. The suddeu attack caused Mr Park to loose his bold, and the mau jumping up, ran away across the hill. Mr Park repnr'ted the matter at the Ballarat 15 st police station, the cut iu his clothes and the wound in his a'in amply confirming his story. Mr Park states that the mau was of lieavy build, and apparently about 35 years of age. While struggling with the man two young meu passed down Eureka street, and, though Mr Park cried out for assistance, they paid no heed. Constable Wall, who was scut to enquire iuto the matter, interviewed Mrs West Lau, who lives near the scene of the occurrence, aud that lady iuforined him that, at the time mentioned, sbe heard a woman scream out, but did uot pay serious attention to it. The police would be glad if the young woman who was molested would call at the station iu order to help them in discovering the perpetrator of the outrage. 