THE MERCURY HOBART: THURSDAY, APRIL 4, 1895 EPITOME OF NEWS Agricultural produce traffic on the railways unusually heavy. Tasmanian honey to be tried on the English market. Competition at Hoart Crowbn lands sale and rentals spiritless. Thomas Pregnell, a well known butcher, dropped dead in Argyle street yesterday. At Miss G Hinds' school, Tabernacle-hall new term commences on Monday next. North Hobart Football Club special meet- ing of members this evening. Southern Tasmanian Football Association special general meeting this evening at the A.N.A rooms. Promoters of early cloning movement 'at Launceston actively endeavouring to arouse .public interest, " Silver quotation 30Jd. 'Scare on the Pari* Bourse. ' I Mr. Gladstone champions Armenia. Anti-British feeling in Franco intensifying. Camille Doucot, Perpetual Secretary of French Academy, ia dead. . , Hon. W. Mcculloch, of Melbourne, has 'purchased aome valuable art; trnasures in London. i Wholesale slaughter and slavery in Congo territory. , Btoddart'a team won the South Australian match with ton wicket«. ; it The Gellibrand lightship in Hobson'« Bay got «drift yesterday. » ? , Melbourne Brewery and ..Distillery Co. liasuing 6 per cent, debenture« at'par. t * Obinete volunteer« offering their services for active duty. ' i Japan ask« for £105,000.000: as war in-' demnity, and occupation'of. Pekin pending payment. - ' ' ' ' Australian cattle to be- admitted in French'port* under health certificate» from colonial consul«. i , Federal Judg« at Buenos Ayre* ha* ordered (urrender of Jabe« Balfour for extradition to England. ; Colonial Mutual Life Aararance Sodety'« ?anual meeting wa* held in Melbourne y eater, day. Director« report eminently «atiáffc tory. ' English pre«« criticising, a* 'ntutt more or le» wide of the mark, the . Stoddart crieket iing campaigBln Australia. 1 ?<?> THERE is a very large comic element, ia the débate in the1'Legislative Assembly of New South Wales on the g 'Conciliation and Arbitration Amend- aient BilL It ia precisely one of those ' measure« that' nobody knows where to hare. Its author,«the MINISTHB OF, INDUSTBY, did not seem to have much &ith; in the Bill,, whilst; the other Ministers who' supported it spoke of it as something that was very nice . and proper, though not one of them was prepared 4o,' say that it wonld ,be effective. - The reason for the: new - legislation is, that the old bas I failed. There was,once,a few year^'ago'.'a Labour 'Commission, the labours of which led to the formation of a Board of Conciliation. The Board "has sunk into contempt, and the Minister found himself forced to admit, that. f whilst the reference! principle had?been jn j existence some of the jtfpat' 'costly ¡ strikes had taken plaee;i':jt*d'J the appeal to go to arbitration had been. consistently, düregarded.'', ^Ftâa shows, [ ^anything can sho w.'that tóe cWacter ¿ if the, duputts was 'mïâM^m'^ Î because neither side was prepared to accept and act upon an award. As the disputes have been in the past so they will be in the future, and yet there are persons who are sanguine enough to expect that human-nature" will be so altered' as tbati an award will be accepted and acted upon, merely because it has been made by a Government tribunal. Por, it is to be remarked that this new Bill does not propose any compulsory arbitration, or rather, we should say, it does not provide for the award being enforced. This is the comic part of the pro- ceeding. There is au- admission that an award cannot be enforced against those who are dissatisfied with it, and ! yet the hope remains that tin award with nothing behind it will have power to allay the passions of the " wilder human breast," and make leaders of labour organisations and employers reasonable. " You shall be good " is a formula which a child can under- stand and decides to act upon when a spanking may follow, but when there is sure to be nôrspanking the formula has no effect. Now, a Government that cannot spank cannot reconcile. A corporation, or 'an association, n's like " the little . boys' heads " in the J. Lay of Odille which " couldn't sic down 'eos they hadn't de quoi," a fact which the ~ Booyal Labour Commission in. England found out, and reported accordingly. A number of enthusiastic 'persons, including certain excitable «ladies, proceeded to rail at the Coin mission because of its Report, insisting (hat if you gave an imagioary spank to an imaginary, well, proper part, all would be put right It has been held absurd to suppose that you can lick the ghost of a dog with the ghost of a stick, but, clearly, the New South Wales Assembly is of opinion that this is a feat that can be accomplished. Fot-, what is now proposed is this. To call the parties to a trade dispute before a tribunal, and if they will not come to have them represented by the Crown, to go into the dispute, make an a Ward, and then go home and go to bed. Only this, and nothing more. At this, stagea we expect the amiable reader to stop,' and declare that he is being made to believe something that cannot be ttue, but that reader will be mistaken, We speak sober fact-We do not say sober' sense, that is another matter. But, the ghostly birch for. the ghostly unmentionable is pro- posed, solemnly, and let us hope soberly. The Minister of Industry declared that ? theJ Bill was for the purpose ,rof letting the public know*" the trite facts of the case." Further,.'lit was not intended that the Council of Conciliation should make a compulsory, award," but the public is to1 leam the facts, and then something is to happen! which seems to be, that an imaginary public-opinion is to wield au imaginary birch, to be applied to an imaginary1-. This is the latest way in which a democratic Legislature proposes to settle labour dispute which go down to the very roots of society. As THACKERAY puts it-"0,Mose8 and green spectacles." There are political persons of the Moses type as well as innocent sons of country parsons, or political persons who pretend to be such. The Minister of Industry, whose very office accounts for his words, holds that the State should have the power to have'disputes " heard by an un- biassed tribunal, so that the truth should be made public, and the weight of public opinion be brought to bear on the party in the wrong." The PREMIER, who also has grown innocent, holds that '" since it was not proposed to enforce the award by pains and penalties, surely, the legislation, though experimental, was one of those safe marks of progress," etc. Pro- gress, whither ? Not, certainly, towards settling trade disputes, but towards demonstrating the utter folly of a great many of theexperimentsnow beingmade in these colonies, not out of conviction but for votes. It is proposed that trades- men shall be made to produce their books and disclose their business affairs, so that the Court may be able to say whether they are paying a proper (wage or not, if the dispute is about .wages, which is very often not the case. Suppose'that the dispute happens to be about tbejsmployment of non-union men.which is the cause of ¿t least half of the disputée and of all the violence, what is the Court going to do then ? Is,it' going to 'give¿a decision^n i favour of Trade-unionism and its methods of persuasion ? Is it going to lay down the - imposition that' every man has a right to sell his j labour as he pleases ?, And,, if it.'is'. going to do «thee of these things,! what do these legislators hope will be; the resuk ? Will the rude unions j grow ciyUat the aona-of the Board of j Conciliation, and will the employers j go like Jamba to the slaughter* on! the mild invitation- V dilly, dilly come; andbekilledr | « ,« The English pàpcaal had a touch) of sense, though tnat Was found to be utterly impracticable. 'It was there assumed that the disputes were always, between 'incorporated organisations,! which had funds sad could be made' to pay.. Thus, if a workman's union j quarrelled with aijnasier's union, anj; award given might be enforced by | i-:-«13* Jil-»-. -* the ¿niàpî^ levyingoUrthVpib^erty of t which waa found |o be in thi io be in tue wrong, ¡j : jras ,«een, would notjj " be niore simple* than to dissolve the unions and let the strike go on, and even if a union' wai fined that would not make men go to work or employers carry on their businesses at a loss. Even this supposed that one side at least was prepared to go to arbitration, whereas the facts show that as a rule neither side is prepared to do anything of the kind. Now, the cool proposal is made, that the State shall step in and by means of a Board settle the rate of Wages to be paid, * a feat which the State has never yet been able to perform, even when it had all the power of a despotic Government at its command. At the bottom of all this skimble-skamble stuff, as said in the debate, liesjthe fact, that Labour hopes, somehow, to get something by means of Government interference. Should thing» go in its favour, it is prepared to be most readily con- ciliated, but if they ahould riot the Board could advise until it was black in the face and Labour would not pay the slightest' attention. As a matter of fact, all these sham attempts at conciliation but cause the trouble which they are intended to allay, for they lead Labour to believe that it will, catch Capital some day, and squeeze it like a lemon, the truth being, that, as a rule, Labour only squeezes its own fingers. TUE'Parker 'larceny case, which re- ceived such a merciful settlement at the hands of the City Bench on Tues- day, is one that' calls for some notice* not only on account of the exceptional treatment awarded to Mrs. Parker for what, it seems to be admitted, was a breach of the law of a..very dangerous character, but to be a warning to other persons who' are likely to err in the samo direction, and who must not, therefore, expect a like freedom,from punishment. What Mr Pedder seems to have recognised, in making no attempt to press for a heavy penalty, was the peculiar position which the I Parkers have ocoupied for years, a posi tiou which may be described as on the border-land of respectability, where they have managed to balance them- selves with very little of a grave character for the police to urge agaiust theni._ They are the keepers of a boarding:house of a rough-and-ready character, where people, poor always in ¡money, and very often also in reputa- tion, find a homely and cheap asylum which keeps them at least off the streets ,at night; a house where the proprietors ,are necessarily brought into frequent contact with the pouce because of the "type of person patronising them, ¡but which, so long as it is quietly 'ronduoted, is .a necessity to every 'city where nil sorts of _ people ¡congregate. All the authorities re. ! quire is thai, though the house may be a lodging for the waifs and strays of society, it shall not be used as a cloak for their malpractices, and that the proprietors themselves shall keep clear of all wrong-doing, either in their own persons or by countenancing it in that of others. This the Parkers have con- trived to do foryears, paying their way, and,o£ten giving assistance when re- quired to legal process ; besides which there has been a homely sort of benevo- lence flowing from the humble roof that has helped hundreds in time of need, wanderers from the country as well as city residents, and has staved over many a weak plank in a dangerous walk of life. This, and the plea of bad health, are what operated in Mary Parker's favour, und the leniency dealt out must not be taken as an indication that the authorities intend to wink at or treat lightly the offence of receiving. The rest of the cases involved 'in tim same category as Mrs.Parker's are tobe dealt with civilly, as there is no proof of evidence of guilty knowledge, and the ' way in which other cases of a similar character, discovered by the activity of the detectives recently, ha\ e been dealt with, in which there were no such mitigating circumstances, should forbid any such belief in, leniency being dealt out aH'round, as any who do pre- sumo on such an idea will und out to their cost, even to the extent of it being necessary to make an example of some receiver to correct the impression caused by Mrs. Parker being only bound over to be of good behaviour in future. The people who encourage theft by receiving the proseeds will do well, therefore, to take warning in time, Jest by encouraging youthiul vice they sub- ject themselves to long terms of im- prisonment. I , WË cannot think that the City Council is uéting wisely in withdrawing its usual aid from tliöTublic Library. That aid wasgi ven many yeal s ago now by the strong desire of the public, and a special rate of one penny was levied for the pur- pose, with the consent and marked approbation of the ratepayers. In those days, though things were not very flourishing, there was a general and most creditable agreement that it was the duty of the citizens to support a public-library, not merely as an orna- ment of the city, but as one of the .institutions that cannot be spared. The ratepayers have not changed their opinion. They are entirely of the same mind. If they were polled to-mórrow the vote would be abso- lutely in favour of the aid given; possibly their opinion would be even stronger than of old, because, the Library now stands more in need of help than even it did before There being a general agreement as to the necessity for a Public Library, it is evident that if there is one that it should be kept in an efficient condi- tion, fiow, this cannot be done unless the funds bear some reasonable pro- portion to the requirements of the institution. At the best of times they .were.neyer more than enough to barely parry on the work, they ¡were i never enough to make the Library what it I should be in a piare like Hobart, and if they are now reduced the result must be ' a most marked and generally discreditable decline in the efficiency of the institution. The time chosen, "too, for this with- drawal is singularly unfortunate. The committee has just spent a considerable portion of ' the available funds in making very marked improvements, jon which it has expended besides a great deal of its own time and labour, which might have ( entitled it to further recognition rather than reduction. The .effect of .what the ^Council bas' done, if, persisted ( in, must be to reduce the aalarjes of'the now not overpaid; officials J to almost star-1 ration point, thus causing them to perform arduous duties foran absurd amount of remuneration. ,We are sure that the ratepayer«, hard as times are, and much as they are vexed by de- mands upon them, would not wish to see the Library decline, or ita official«, reduced, to a position unworthy and unjusto If the matter is nut plainly to the citizens, we feel quite sure that they will answer to-day as they, did; years ago. - THE Council of Agriculture is "rushing in" Li many directions. Not content with its April Fruit Show and Con- ference, it,, will devote the,week pre- vious to those fixtures to a Conference on Cool Storage and Meat Export, to which it'proposes to invite not only Tasmanian frrtiiers, who may take«d vantageof the cheap Easter fares on the railway to attend the meeting, but alto1'some of the foremost men in Aus- tralia ¿who «re interested in the busi ness.' As the Conference #01 be purdy oooamrative tlweteeAabe no possible objection to its proceedings OtherJ true it might be remarked that the Secretary to the Council is, perhaps, just a little tdb preciso in his denunciations of the ignorance of those who think the colony should supply iu owisqfood wanta more capably before it -thinks of exporting meat to other countries. People quite a« .eoaiblea« )»i»¿i$ hold an impression, in that direction, and they will want .ometnin(ttor« than his little pamphlet and the woejrjVjrful discovery he haavhit upon about the Falkland Island« to convince them to the contrary.' To stimulate production for home con- sumption will, however, be a good thing to promote, and so will cool storage, which will b*| of benefit in regulating local markets, even if a single haast or carcase is never sent away from the island. _ The Conference^ therefore, has a function before ft, though it should not embrace all the Council Secretary wishes it too ; (tool storage, especially, Only wants a little consideration of a practical character to be an established tact on a small, useful scale,v The Con- ference can promote this without going so far as to condemn, as the Council Secretary does, all who differ fron! bim on the larger questiou. MimsTEBUL.-Th« Pr«ml«r I* bask from the North.Weat Co*»*, and at bia ofBo« all day. The Treaiorer will leave Hobart on Monday morning for a visit to Melbourne. CnABITABU GRANS. - Clrentkr " letter« have been l«M«d from the Premier'« and the Chief Secretary'« ofBo«« In reference to the adminlairation of eliarittbl« grant« expenditure 8ir Edv/ard Braddon, ad dreuing th* local officials^ »tute» that ia the Íiraparatioa of the toeoant« of »ipoadiinre or I8B5, band on th« return« for 1893, uudcr the head« of Parliamentary vote« for " one-door relief " and," medical attendance on paujMH and temporary provltion for tramp«," It unfortunately hayaened that other item* of charitable grant« «tpeudltur* wer«i iaoladed for whloh teparata provision ha« wea made. Tbi« ha* neocalûted the canetUatlon of hi* olrnbtar of January 11, «arl M redistribution of the vote« ander ratorwoa, a» to which It baa been found advisable to adopt, at nearly a« practicable, iutjtpportlon&ient; baaea obnn thetxpendi tafe lo rauh district for «imilar «ervlces in I8A4, the account» of Whiofi have now come lo hand. Tb« ainonala^aUotted for each Hiitrlot are mentioned, (Bid it ia pointed out that under no circumstance* oa» these votes be applied to cover charge« other than thoae for Which they were «anotioued by Parlia- ment. The requirement« of ths Audit Department in legara to account» of the disbursements made under these betds will be communicated. Mr. Moore's circular notifie« the appointment of Mr. George Richardson Administrator of Charitable Arante, and reuueata that all departmental correapondeao* be addreaaed to him at Kew Town. , TASMANIA« HOMET FOB ENGLAND.-Th« Premier ha» been contutted by one of hit conttltiient» at to a market for honey, wb(ch ha* now becomejwhat l*.known ?? t drug in the lootl market. Sir Edward Draddon, remembering the difficulty h« ex perleaood when in Eogland ia obtaining 'really good boney, hat adviied the export of a trial «hiparant of fiewt. to London by1 the R.M.Ö. Orizaba. He ha* alio written to the colony'* ahipplng agent In England, and the Agent-General, requeaticg them to give tbo oonilgnment aa mach attention B« possible with the view of opening up a regular trade in this product,' qasntltie« of which are uuderitood to bo available. In Hobart, at the eod of last week, honey was quoted wholesale at3gd. to 4d. per lb. On Fob mary 2, the London quotation for highest quality American houcy in lib. jars, strained, was 9s. 6d. Der dozen PcBLIO SoUOOL N0ME>CLATURI. - In future Peppermint Bay Public School it to be known officially aa Woodbridge, and the Sandfly Basin Sohool a* Saudfly.road. CBOWK LANDS SAL« AT LAUNCKSION. Menr«, W. T. Bell k Co, will to morrow morning at 11, at their mart, Charlea'-atreet, Launceston, offer by publio auotion numeroua lot* of Crown land* for sale and rental. The lot* were all detailed in The Mercury of March 20. TRAFFIC ON THE RAILWAYS. - Great quantities of agricultural produoe are arriv- ing at tbo Hobart terminus of tho Govern- ment railways from various parts of the oolony. The tonnage is calculated to exceed any previously reeerded for a week or fort- night. Wheat ia the prinotpal product being forwarded, and this goes into the oity granaries. THE WEATHER.-A splendid fall of rain commenced yeflterday morning early, and it appears to bo very general all over the colony. At Launceston the Tasmanian Turf Club autumn mteting was commenced under heavy showers. The ruin will, however, do an immenae amount of good everywhere in helping forward an autumn spring of gras9, and will in most placcB facilitate autumn nultivation, the lan i having become rather stiff on drier soils since the previous down- pour. In the oity the rain is wolcomed if ¡t be only to wash down the gutter* and water- courses. The Committee of Inspection should have examined the state of the Park street and Hobart Rivulets before the rain carno to have formed a correct idea of their condition. Kow, acoordiug to the times fixed upon, they will ace the state of these creeks after they have had one of their periodical walbing« by floodwater. ,, 'A MALICIOUS ACT. - the polloa are making inqnirie» concerning the alleged wilful firiog, by acme person» or persons unknown, of a number of doors and window frames in a shed on the property of Mr. L. Reynolds at the corner of Harring ton and Bathurst streets, on Tuesday morning about 8 o'clock. Two lads named Barry and Prime discovered the fire, and informed Mn Ward, of the fireball station, of the ocourrenoe, and he immediately went and put It out. So far, nothing definite has been discovered a« to the origination of .the fire J bot a« this piece of property is muoh frequented by young members of the I larrikin olas«, it is thought likely that some of them are responsible for tho outbreak. A WOULD Bl SUICIDE -} esterdsy the police were Informed by a man named Knight that Eliza Morley, a wot-sn willi whom he hod been living, was threatening to put an end to her existence and eating in a strange manner generally The police accordingly kept watch on her movement«, ead between 4 and 5 o'clock in the after noon »ho wa» observed, making her way toward* the new ferry boat wharf, accom panied by a smtll child. On getting to the wharf she ordered the child to go back, and was heraelf jut* about to leap into the water when ahe was seized by Constable Marshall, who, with Sergeant Butterworth, conveyed her to the Police Station, and thi* morning ?he will appear before the Bench at the Police Court on a charge of being of uniound mind SUDDEN DEATH.-Thomas Pregnell, an old and well-known resident of the city, ex pired suddenly in the street yesterday morn ing. For a long time past he has been ailing, and latterly Dr Abbott has attended him. Feeling somewhat better yesterday morning he left his residence in Smith street. North Hobart, and went down to his place of business, a butcher's shop in the old Exhibition- buildings Macquarie street. During the morning, however, he became too unwell to remain there, and remarked to a friend that he felt like dropping down. He left the shop about 11.30 to walk home, but a young man named 'Andrews, an employee of Mr Kenmure, butcher, of Liverpool street, was passing in a cart, and gave him a lift. Near the corner of Argyle and Bathurst streets Pregnell wished to get out, as he thought he would walk the remainder of the distance. As he descended from cart he observed to Andrews that be felt very stiff in the legs, and he had got only a few steps from the vehicle when he fell down. Andrews at once went to his assistance, but found that he was unconscious. A cab was pro- cured, and Pregnell was conveyed to the hospital but life was extinct before the institution was reached. Dr Sprott re- ceived the body, and ordered its removal to the morgue. Deceased was 69 years of age, and had followed the business of a butcher for more than 30 years, the greater part of the time as fgoreman for Mr. Chas. Pregnell. It is only about six months ago since he entered into occupation of the premises at the old Exhibition-buildings. He leaves a widow and six sons and daughters. An inquest will lbe held on the body at 2.30 pm today. TEKDEES.--Th* municipal »uthoritle« at Carnarvon invite tender* for rebuilding the Town-hall j , ADvaamsuro TASMANIA -The àarurt say» of our leading brand of Buaalyptua Qlobvlui f- , ..." rürther «xunilnauon elicited the . inmirable parity of the product It is an ox , Lolient, agreeable, and effectutd antiseptic, and in view of the toresoise resulta, tho suit -ibUitrof this specimen for aty mu-poses whore ttntlBcptlo treatment i« required cniinot bo di«. puted, See au» the 3Vwma«i(ro Neu» of Jan« > I for optaleu of tb* Curator of the Mercer* Museum, at .Tarin.. Italy:-"The, unanlmoü» ».»«fflJi. **ÄMr?# I*sf¿»EÍ* B5w2iï Crrr Pone« Cocar.-The Folle« M»gl« trat» (Mr. Bernard Shaw) ooadaotad th« b«at«*M pf tbl* Court ytaUrday morning, which ooniiaUd of one oaae only, a female, reaidant ia Viotoria-atreet, bato« fined 6«. or Si boara' detention le|gaol, fordUturbing the pMo* an.the 2nd inrt. w COURT or REQDECTS.-The following I* th« litt of d«frad«d cate« «et down for hearing before Mr. Comml**loo*r Shaw to-day at 10 o'cloak at UM Sepreme Coarthou«*, Maoquarle-itreet :-MoMillan v. AUwright, Gray v. Horne, Jame* v. Burn, Davie v. Hitohlo«, Stephen« v. Hill, M« Tom v. Higgin«, Jack v. Howitt. ! Haatn SHORTHAND Warnas' ASSOCIA »ION.-The u«u*l monthly meeting wa* held at the Initltuta lett evening, Mr. Lake in the chair, Th*. . minute* ol the prevloua meeting were read and confirmed. The Preaident'« gold medal wat htnded to Mita Mcphee, «he having won the lett competi- tion. The Chairman then annonnoed to the meeting that Sir Lambert Dobaoa bad con tented to act as president of the Association, and «aid he felt tura that the fast of hi« having abetpted that position mutt ba help fal to the AKOolatlan. Mr. Gavin Wilton eoatiaatd hi« P*p*r on " The Stenographic JBalance," dwelliog particularly on the point of " legibility." The Chairman having oonveyad the thank* ol the Meeting to the writer, 'and .a «Imilar compliment having b*en accorded hlmtelf, the meeting olo»«óf. OATLANDS-A correspondent write«: "On Monday, lat init., a urvise of «oog waa held in the Reohablte.hal!, kindly lent by the member« of th« lodg«, in place of the usual Band of Hop* meeting. The (tory .ntitled 'Little Mike,' waa read by the president, Mia« Katie Tapp presiding at the.piano. The choruses in oonoeotion with the pat he tío little story were sung by the children and the solos and duets wera sweetly ren- dered by Mesdame« Lloyd and White and Miases Thomas, Norton and* Fysh. After the oonoluaion of that part of the programme Mr. Haiti* showed a series of Tasmanian and Irish views with a magic lantern, wbloh gavo great pletiure to the aüdUuco, though some annoyance wa«.felt alf the coarse, un- manly behaviour of those near the door, whose Ideas of politcnei* were evidently ?« small a* the admission coin. The hall was crowded, and the president, Mr. Hastie, with thq members of th« Working Com- mittee, are to be heartily congratulated on the enjoyable and ioitrustlve entertainment, lhe admission money amounted to £1 4s. 6d." : FBEEMASOHBT.-The offiocra and members of the Pacific Lodg« of Pr«em«*on* visit the Keebah Lodge with the W.al. this evening, i LECTURE OK NEW ZEALAND;-The Rev. J. T. Pieroey'« lecture, entitled " My trip to M*oril«od, to b* given in the Temperance hall thit «vening, thould attract a large audience. Th« ¡«otare will be illustrated <by means cf th« tim« light, «nd description« will be given «ad view« presented of varions part* of Vnr Zaalaod. Thar« will. alio be «fvtral tnnaloal it«ma r«nd«r«d during the «vaalag. { DRAPERS AMP GIMKBS' Exotismo*. Owing to th« Ma th« «rip of th« Draprr» and Grocer* Auiitaati' Auoclation per i'arobo yesterday sr«« pottponad until the 21th inat. .'. PioEON-äRoonro MATCH.-<A handicap .plgeon-ahooting match take* phea at toil ^Australasian Hotel, Brown'« Hiver beach, on Saturday week, the 13th inst. Nomina ¡lions will be received np to Wednesday, the 10th, by Mr. W Brandie, Hobart, or Mr. ,Fi»hpr at th« hotel. 'SOCIALISM IK New ZEALAND.'-Regarding the value of land in New Zealand the New Zealand Trade Rttitto of ?lat ult. contains the following remark»:-"Although the prevailing distrust renders urban and auburban properties in settled csntrot diffi- cult uf sale, Bud tho disposal of large landed catite« en bloc almost impossible, there Beemi to be a fairly good demand for rural landa of small areas especially In districts suited to the dslry industry, and for section« in new townships In dbtrlot» whioh are in process of being opened up. The settlement of our waite land* «cemi to be makins «teady progress, and the Government I« pushing on tho acquisition of land from both native owners and settlers with the view of promot- ing closer settlement. Under existing cir- cumstance« the value of landed property is distinctly declining." For a part of the nnrest in New Zealand the State-socialistic financial experiment« «re largely responsible. Tue FROST IN EHOLAKD.- "Seventeen degrees below Zero " ia one of the headings te the published account« oi the Intense frost in England, and whioh catalogues a long array of »uffering» «nd disasters» Among others there comes from Frisingtou, Cum- berland, tb« IntaUigeM* of a wedding party being suowed (np in a church. The bride- groom started from his residence in a «ever» ?nowstorm, but failing to make progress he rubstituted legs for a saddle, and essayed to reach the church, but was completely weatherbound. A party of-14 hod mean- while gained the church, unknown to tho bridegroom, who gave up'' the attempt after three gallant effort*. The bridal partyjand the bride were -snowed bp in the church, whore they bad to pass(tbo night, provisions and wraps having with difficulty been conveyed to tbem. Tho couple were married on the succeeding day, a road to the church having been carved by 200 labourers. An extraordinary occurrence took place at Linslado A number of boys had assembled at the Board School, when a report wes made to the master which caused him to hurry to th* playground, where ho found a boy with hi* tongue frozen to the. iron handrail of the entrance steps. A cup of hot coffee, being the easiest thing to pro care, wa* applied to the tongoe, but sovcral minutes elapsed before the frozen tongue, which bled freely, was releasod. It appears the boy was trying the experiment, having read of a similar occurrence at Peterborough. It is worthy of record that the thermometer did not touch zero at the top of Ben Novia, though it waa several degree« below zero in many places near the *oa level. Two degree* above zero was the lowest point at the top of Ben Nevis, so that the frost waa one of the valleys rather than of th« mountains." WHAT REALLY KILLED THE CZAR.-The late Czar died of congestion of the left lung, ' At least, so the doctors said ; but a writer lu lilachcood says otherwise. Among much tliat was great and noble in Alexander Ill's, mlud, there were mauy wrongly derived and misconceived idea« wbioli he cherished and carried (out in what appeared to him a right manner. Much oruelty was thus caused, but whether nchtly or wrongly is neither hera nqr there. Perhaps things were better as they were : " Alexander cherished the idea that all Nihilistic plolsweredue to theevil tendencies of the Jews and Pole«, or other unorthodox Russian subjects, For a time this was a comfofcling delusion, and every sentiment of religious bkotry wa« gratified by the as- sumed political necessity of »evere measures against the unorthodox! Among the numer- ous measures decreed against them, one which entailed special hardship on a large number of, respectable families wss tho decision not to permit the employment of any but orthodox Rustíaos in position«, of responsibility on the railways. One of 'the last railways where this ohange had been effected was precisely that Smolensk railway where the plot wa* discovered to blow up the Czar's train. The discovery of the min« wat« mere accident ; bat tb« inquiries whioh fol- lowed laid bare a deep laid, wrefajiy elaborated plot, in which th« tjnm*roui don« ?pirator» were, without excéptica, orthodox Russian official*-the very mea who owed their po»t* to the f*mov»l of th« tobtrrikM Pole« and German«. Th« «vfdnc« of tbl*\ fact wai too clear to admit of doubt, and lb 'on«4uomeot all tb« Cur'» fondest tlttttrMS ware rudely dltptlied, «ad ttralrtw* HMity of ! th« entire policy «I «aVI.yitsVbasibi» aiatüfot. ItwrntHdmaMUmipOm moral mature! of th« maa. u \¿ .+>' AIL hi« mott .herishsd ld«*«v««»i<«««a*Mt»t* .«fat* «at» futtd and Irnvottbly »bstttKtxtt by *.#*. .ttMbtaiotfMf tell* «jUTeWfolSet astatwif Mia «trand>d, itoriu-beatta wrtek, rMlpl«*« and oondemaad. Na moral vieuovery wa« *o«*tbl*. N^holuLdUdof moral laortlfl .atti» ; Al«xa»d*r UL> «bared «be fata al bl» grandfather ead mtiiV w',t , , ''' A'lfAim,» DuAarsralrf ur TO-DAM. /Chi. «rill raadllv b« admitted aMtcM th lOMttOD at J. T. SOCBDT'S bttibWhaMBt, üSrEliialMrihitrtwt. Mr. ittiiif'k fa». «Mtboyer write«:-"I har« «jiakjr ««at yon 'Matar bargain». Tb« lou ara «««f «ante, IntatauchfWMpiiigNdsMMaM Ia**»t«ltber At» all cr t&M;^amfUb «ta «bow «to geejody to now w3dpg wt*hT not dligraç« a sawtooth «rhoUstl« wtwiio««» of Flind«r» «a» or St Paul's UhuMhrarq. Tb* «**or4 m*nt I« immwse. Iii« variety la charming. Tb« goodiar« from leading- London,Berlin, .hd Pari» bott»««, by aaTïainul »ad' Gothic. Mr.4Jonndy can »bow in Olrlt*. Jacket» «lone fa«*rlyfj0O garment«. Th« other department» are «anally «w11 raprtwMted, «ad the prie«» «ad «*«ortm*nt must trnly b« hard to but, "SelUdatrated circular». ' 