AtEGEND OF UOHEfM. j I Ey.MOXA CAIKD," " A~th«r of -Th« Wiajsof Aitatl." It Jlom'ipo a Failure ?" "Wham Nature Ijcadelli," &C-;, ire. [ALL RIGIITS EKSEBTED.] In the middle-ages Bohemia wae a land of monn tains and forests, tvnero no one dared lo venture oat of his houpc or beyond the walls of liia town without rarr.ving.arms. In the lipart.^of Uiis romantic country nestled the quiet old town of Eger, the scene of Wallenstein's rebellion and of his treacherous murder. The E^erland is .now a wide etrotch of fcriile plain cneirclod by a line of blue iiioi'.nlain!', a little retired world, where, even to this day, the customs of ancestors bating far'back into history continue to regulate the lireslsf^tbe simple Inhabitants. The Iiou^es bf the pca c hiit farmers are all builtiAi one iinn:emorial pattern; their inmates wear the same style of garments, unvarying even to a buttnn ; they sl«-cp in gaily-painted four-post ibi-clstepdB,, carefully enrtniiicd round; and 'quaff vast potations of lieer out of big tin or earthenware flagons. The Egerlniulers star.d apart from their. r.ci;j!ibour-i as absolutely as if miles of sea- girded, .their liltle territory , itistra I of a circlet of hills. Once inside this lino of enchantment, the traveller linds himself half con- strained to lake life on medieval terms, so potent is the old-world J Atmosphere, so strange the charm of'p ;-he quaint snper.-litions and child-' like worship of the people. | Worn out with the worry and toil r.f couducting a large business, I found myself, one sunny September,' in the henrt of this quaint little | land, and I blessed, in an illogical fashion — pardonable in my ex- j haunted state—the railway -which j had enabled me to take a dip into an age v hen steam-engines were still ] undreamt of. j For seven happy weeks I was a Boliemin^ at heart, a devoutCatholi;,' a wersllipper of lean eainta. Many a j day as I came to a little lonely chrinc by the side of | some path across the fields, I have gone down on my knees, and worshipped—I knew not wliat—the sweet virgin in her blue robe edged with gold, holding the haloed infant in her arms. I came to love that mild-faced lady, and to wish that I could carry her home with me to pray to when the foreign mails came inland—but, a'las! my delicate goddess grew pale at that thought, and I remembered that she belonged to the laud of Yesterday, and would fade and die if she were transported to the glaring world that Fate had chosen for my dwelling-place. I had one favourite shrine, which stood at the foot of a hill crowned by a large church, whoBe strange Byzantine-looking cupola of zinc or copper painted red could be seen for miles.across the plain. My shrine was presided over by a bright blue virgin, whose cerulean eyes bad been tinted with the same paint that stained her robe, slightly diluted. On the slirine grateful pilgrims had hnng up liumeroBsquaint thank-offerings, for having been preserved from illness or accident. At the feet of my Lady of Azure, when I approached on one lovely afternoon, knelt a maiden, with head bent in prayer. I had the impulse togo up and kneel beside her. It is impossible to describe the sense of happiness that I felt as I joined in worship witti this beautiful .Bohemian girl. It seemed, to me that then, if never before or after, my prayer must be granted. My fellow worshipper was the daughter of one of the wealthy peasant proprietors of the Egerland ; her handsome cloth . dress, with its heavy cla-ps of antique silver—heirlooms centuries old—and the strange head gear of black etnff revealed her station. She was large of frame, . with regular features, black eyes, and a fine carriage of the head. How I blessed the perseverance with which I had devotod myself to the Slavonic languages 1 It was' not difficult to draw the girl into conversation. She. was. frank and trustful, iflittle-ehy. This child of the Middle' Ages fascinated me as much as did her wiid, cpell-botmd little country. It seemed to me that au old dream of mine was TealUed, and that I had been-permitted to 6tep oat of my own , noisy century, and to meet and. speak with the generations of the past. O u r sh rine, mv beautiful companion told me, had been raised on this spot live centuries ago by an ancestor of her own, Baron Zwaptolik, one of thegreatBohemian nobles, in thanksgiving f?r the rescue of Mb only daughter from the murderous assault of a robber chieftain, whose powerful band was at that time infesting the district. i The girl was sitting, rosary in hand, at the foot of the shrine; I bad stretched myself by the hedgeside, in luxurious ease. The sun was hot, the brceze.soothing jll'sank into a strange lethargic state, as if my body were asleep, while my iinaglna- j lion Iceamo abnormally vivid. My companion was relating to me the Story that had been handed down among the owners oC the soil from tnctroublcd times the thirteenth and' fourteenth centuries; but such was not precisely my impression. 11 seemed to be transpdrted-backwards, • \- t S"'F5 a - t . .^• gently landed m o midst ofa romance of the Middle Aires. The J \- • - t . •- - •••^P, -" sicriie nnd scarcely cnansred;" it was ' -11 .1 l , ~ , s„u the beautiful Egerland. ...^E 7 , , , , a f .T:r l e ^"P^ r ^ i ^ ^ f ? ? , church stood iibove me on the ^ | ^orcst^-it wo?, in fact, a part of the 1 great Hercynian forest—with a few farms and scattered hamlela, and here and iherp.a chnrchl ' By come magic of. jplite ^^od* become a spectator, though not an actoimb^®^ 1. 1 m ^ m i were BUffeiWgSffom'S tetxible'night-! «m1*.i -f "do! ndt"%tihfe thatwas, hbld StoTaSib myJi'eaa'Sor 5tb' *open my. '^J-l^mkA'to «e^riaer a spell) benutifuliflttiighlcr' Swaptolik, whose vast castle used scareelv a mile from the shrine." "" T Drahomira, dark of liair and swift I of foot, with her brilliant brown I-eves and rich complexion, "was one of the wealthiest .heiresses in the kingdom, and her hand had been eagerly sought by the sons of the neighbouring nobles, not only for her beauty, but for. her riches. Among these aspirants was one who liad long loved her with /faithful devotion, in.spile, of the cold -and scornful treatment which either coquetry or aversion appeared to inspire in her. The only consolation of the young Count Vladislav w»3 the fact that Drahoinira behaved to her other suitors in exactly the same manner. She bad no wish to leave the home where she was idolised by her indulgent old father, who since licr mother's death had lavished all liis affections upon their only child. " If I marrirdj it. would be al gain for my lord and all loss for me," she used to say with her brilliant smile ; " I pray yoc, good knight, pay your court to some unhappy maiden, who, in becoming your wife, may reach, something belter tliau her present state, since she cannot achieve a worse !" Vladislav would watch the selfwiiled lady moving among the bril- liant company, gracious and smiling, yet ever ready to bold at a distance the most persistent of aspirants, This firmness of character made subsequent conduct appear nu the more incomprehensible to m6j an astounded spectator anting to interfere and to set crooked things straight, The first hint of this change of demeanour occurred about the time of a very strange event which created a stir throughout all Bohemia. One of the daughters of a great seigneur had, on the very eve of her wedding, disappeared from her home, and though search had been made far and wide, no trace of her could be found. The expectant bridegroom had also vanished. I heard the people talking about this incident all around me, and my blood was chilled with a presage of coming evil. "A jealous and disappointed suitor must have carried her off," said one. " An enemy of the bridegroom has taken them both away, and is keeping them prisoners," another suggested, and so on ran the surmises. Drahomira, usually so hold and fearless, was white to the lips, and shestarted if anyone spoke suddenly to her. " Beloved and gracious lady," said Vladislav, " fear nothing. No evil shall befall yon whilst I am by your side. Had I but the right to be always your protector,what unspeakable joy would be mine." At these words, to everybody's dismay, Drahomira swooned. When at last she opened her eyes, she turned them instinctively towards the great window, and a look of terror came into them which startled everyone. I followed her gaze and saw—yes, X am certain that I saw, for less than a second, the face of a man with dark hair and eyes, staring straight into the room. The next instant the face had gone, and only the surging forest was to be seen from the deep-set window. How I longed to be able to relate what I had witnessed, but I was tongue-tied, moving among these knights and dames like a ghoBt, helpless and unnoticed. Drahomira was as full of life as usual that evening. To me her gaiety seemed wild and feverish, but then I knew what no one else knew in that company. Vladislav looked gloomy. The Baron's daughter avoided him,, and he thought that she made herself needlessly agreeable to a jackanapes in a crimson doublet, who followed her everywhere. To Vladislav's secret joy, the knight had already drank deep of the wine that was provided, for all comers in. the great halL While his rival was thus putting " an enemy into his mouth,'' Vladislav remained sober and watchful. The tipsy knight came' swaggering into the midst of the ladies, snatched Drahomira round the waist with a noisy: laugh, and proposed a moonlight ramble in die forest. Several strong hands were laid on his" arm, and he was led back to the banqueting hall, where he continued to toast his mistress in the flowing bowl till he rolled off his seat, Btill trolling out serenades and drinking songs from the safe level of the floor, Vladislav rejoiced to see several other knights depart discomforted tj,at evening when the hours of revelry at length drew to an end, an(j tlle few guests who lived near r0(je away in companies large enough rcsist the bands of marauders that haunted these outlying parts of the „rcat Hercynian. forest. The rest wjlo were sufficiently soher went cfj to their rooms in the castle, Vladislav was too perturbed to sleep. He sat looking out upon the'moonlit scene, thinking of Drahomira. What jjnd can'sedher sudden terror? Would she -ever return his devotion ? jfoly Virgin! Had his thought* tasUioucd a terablanra of her out of |llo mista aud the dim moonlight! IIe ean. i e r croSBl„g the open epace ^tora the castle, and with her a n i n adark.cloak. Count Vladislav s,vore n „rcat oath.atoa then he made Joff in'pursuit ^ CQuld 6ee tbe t w o 3 , though not their faces, as^they Stood * . in the ^ blitle5lva8 , _ , - , . ' .. : Careful to conwinl>himself,that he . , , . . .. might not give the man'ah oppor- er-:-^^^!^.-- wbich of Drahomira'e' suitors .had liecti able to i persuade her to -thii of the „ d doublet?- Mad with rage • - - and break into A thousand-protestation 8."' ^STet i f-Vladielav': dared "®o4 iapproacli^1 ;i)rahomira' wonld nevdt •iorgivehim if heplayedithe «py!:iij d 3he'!Hroke" : owaV ifroni ^-jwaBwfl der 1 ' «eon 'fceeptngflryit | ^ V ^ I T l ' , ™ I ttlJL Drahomira gave a scream, and sank "" """" "" back against a tree." "I think I have!" she answered wildly. ** What do"you mean ? Who is this fellow?" Vladislav demanded in great excitement. "Don't ask me j I daro not tell you—I must oboy him—Vlad'sla'v, save me." Before the . astonished lover could reply the girl had fled past him, and he saw her no more that night. Her words thrilled him with hope and fear. On the following day the castle was set in a ferment by the news that another great heiress had disappeared from her home. The event tilled everyone, from the Baron to the stable boy, with the utmost consternation. Drahomira avoided all attempts on the part of her lover to speak to her about the incident of the previous l night; she appeared to have entirely forgotten it and her wild appeal for help. , Vladislav determined to watch her closely, and interfere boldly should any more interviews take place in the forest. But he watched in vain ; a week passed without anything remarkable happening." The advent of a young horseman, the son of a Polish .noble, and- bis immediate admission to the castle as guest, had in it nothing noteworthy, for it was the custom for travellers to receive hospitality from the great houses as they passed through thife wild and robber-haunted"country. Drahomira had often been called upon to welcome such transient guests; but I shall never forget the look on her face when her father presented to her the new comer. Her eyes were full of terror as she returned his low salute. Alas 1 I alone, impotent ghost, knew the cause of that terror. She recognised the face that had gazed at her that night through the window ! 