SPORTING MOTES, & RACING- EVENTS TO COME. Boulin J. 0. Annual Mooting, Beptcmbor 30, Ootobor 1. Gatton Annual Mooting, Ootobor 2, 3. V.A.T.O. Spring Mooting, Ootobor 12-10. V.RtO. Spring Meeting, Novombor 2, 5, 7, 0. The Turf. By Tjid.I The Gatton races tako place next Wednesday and Thursday, and I an ticipate a very successful meet. Tho entries are good, the weights fair, and the racing ought prove interesting. Writing bofore the acceptances I am : at a loss to say what will start, but glancing over the weights I should say that in tho Gatton Handicap (1| miles) Tornado, Queonslandor, Cap-a- pie, and Tolephono read best, and tho winner ought como from this lot. I liko Kotrina or Petrowna in tho Ju venile Stakes, while if Silver is in tho humor ho may run away with tho Woltor, but Zulu and Barrister must \- also bo reckoned with. In thq Flying ' I fancy Zulu, Queenslander, and Bar- : rister, and in the Lockyer Plate, Tor nado, Zulu, Queenslander, Cap-a-pie, and Telephone ought supply the placed horses, while if a surprise (to some) is to come it may be from tho light- weighted Silver. I must confess I 'have a great liking for Silver in this race, and shall not be surprised if he romps in. In the Lightning Stakes the winner may come from Philomel, Ketrina, or Allman. v The Warwick meeting last week was successful as regards racing, but the ' attendance was most disappointing. Saturday's Argus speaking of it says : — " Tho attendance of the public, de- spite every attention having been "paid to their comfort, wasdisap- " pointing ; possibly tho existing de- " pression had something to do with " it, though wo fear a hopelees apathy "in racing matters was the prime " faotor. The grandstand had a fair " sprinkling of ladies, though here too " a marked falling off in numbers as » compared with previous meetings " was noticeable. Horse-ownors there "were but few of, Toowoomba being ' " represented by Messrs. Fox and "MeGoldrick, Goondiwindi by Messrs. " Baldwin and Tristrail, theremaindor " being almost purely local. Tho old > » ' yellow and black ' from Kosevale, < Drayton, was wholly unrepresented, ' " a fact most marked, tho local course in past years being rather a happy -"hunting ground for the old .."Squire."' 'Yell, x think if the Aryus, or the other Warwick folk, wish to know the \- reason the » Squire of Drayton " was represented, they will hnd it fully '--stated in my notes puimsueu iu tuo issue of September 7th. It was -'simply owing to tho polioy of oheose- :f oaring economy pursued by the War- C : wok Club in advertising their pro- : gramme that Mr. Finnio had not his : horses at Warwick, for he fully in- tended going. . . ., ' Miss Kearney was the herome of the She won the District Plate easily from Silver and QueenBlnnder, and the \- Grand Stand Plate after an exciting ' finish with Cap-a-pie and Silver She ran third to Silver m the AVariviok Handicap. Silver by-the-bye per formed very well, and simply ran aWay with the big money. Mr. H. Fox was in luck's way also. He got homo with Buthven in the Mayors Cup, heating Express, Minto, Queens lander, and Off Color, and he ap- ' propriated the Farewell Handicap with Phyllis, beating Queenslander, Cap-a-pie, Miss Kearney, Silver, and Express, and conceding weight to everything except Mibs Kearney. Mr. Gentle hod a bit of hard luck in Betting near it several times. He ran Second to Express with M,ntom the . Shorts, second to Miss Kearney with , Cap-a-pie in tho District Plato, third to Buthven with Minto in the Mayor a Cup, second to Silver with Cap-a-pie in the Warwick Handicap, and third to Phyllis with Cap-a-pie m tho Fare- SV Another A.J.C. Spring Meeting is -sand to tho past, and as usual we Are as wise now as before the meeting as regards light thrown on "corning ' events." For glaring reversals of form always commend me to the A J-O. Spring Meeting- " T was ever /. tens." Take the first and second &, 6ays alone, and tako the naming of Quiver, Nobleman, Vivian, Valiant, r&o.; On the first day's form the TpBEtSSrtf wore not oven placed, while horses who on Saturday's running had not a ghost of a show in either raco won oasily. As a Southorn writer puts it : " J'iuch uas badly brutm icbcu first aroritc, hut thry turned up trumps u ben deserted by the public." But the run ning oil tho third and fourth days was even inoro bowildoring. Baeing opened on the third day with the Second Hurdles, in which I regret to say the Toowoomba horse Decoy ran his last race. Tho starters wore Llona lOst. (Murray) ; Boots, list. lOlbs., (Steve Ilendrioks), Cumbe- roona, list. 121bs. (J. E. Brewer) ; Brooklyn, 12st. 21bs. (P. Fallon) ; Whitefoot, list. 71b. (J. Keighran) ; Messenger, list. 81b. (B. Whalloy) ; Kissing Cup, list. 21b. (P. Began) ; Martinet, lOst. 101b. (H. Uudorwood) ; Decoy, lOst. 51bs. (A. E. Colley) ; Oliver, Ost. (0. Mogdridgo). Betting : 8 to 1 v. Whitefoot, fi to 1 v. Cum beroona, 6 to 1 v. Messenger, 8 to 1 v. Llena, Brooklyn, 10 to 1 v. Boots. Tho first hurdle saw Whitefoot in front, attended by Martinet, Brooklyn, and Decoy, and Llona and Kissing Cup were in the roar. Whitofoot con tinued his load ovor tho St. Legor hurdle, and then was joined by Oliver, that pair showing tho way past the stand from Brooklyn and Cumberoona, Messenger heading the others, and ICissi&g; Point and Llena still looked on. There was 110 alteration at tho next hurdle, only that Cumberoona ran round it. Whitofoot and Oliver continued in charge along the far side, just olear of Boots and Messenger, and Brooklyn was alone last. Llona im proved her placo at the six furlongs, and as Oliver drew olear at tho sheds, Llena and Whitofoot followed a longth away, and Boots, Cumberoona, and KisBing Cup headed the others, while Martinet fell back to Brooklyn. Oliver and Llena were first into the straight, and tho former retiring at the St. Leger stand, Llena kept going and won cleverly by half-a-length from Cumberoona. Boots third, was a length away, a similar distance from Whitefoot, at whose girths was Oliver. Messenger was ton lengths away, and Kissing Cup next. Marti net followed, and Brooklyn was along last. Decoy, who was going strongly, fell at tho last hurdle and was killed, Colley escaping fairly well. I hear that Decoy had a great show of win ning at the time he fell. Cumberoona was subsequently disqualified for tho raco, and Boots placed second. Time, Imin. lsoc. Tho Craven Plato caino next and an aristocratic field went out, including Patron, Nobleman, Delaware, Georgia, Portsea, Newman, Valiant, Buonalf, and Mahee. Georgia was made tho favorite, and although Delaware was carrying tho same weight as Patron ho was greatly fancied. Nobleman led to the bond. Nobleman and Valiant entered the straight together, Delaware going into third place. At tho St. Leger stand Delaware made bis effort, and, smothering bis leaders, drew away, and won by a length from Georgic, who finished with a brilliant run, and beat Newman by six lengths for second. Nobleman was next, three lengths away, and then came Valiant, Trenchant, Little Agnes, Mahee, Portsea, Patron, Bueniuf, and Cart ridge in that order. Time, 2min. 18seo. I liko Craven Plate winners. Patron, Carbine, Malua, &o.;, won tbo Craven Plato just before they won the Cap. Courallie won the Suburban, and Waterfall (Niagara — liittlo wn-nzor) astonished everyone by beating Vivian, Bowi, Onward, he., in tho Biennial Hopscotch won the Wycombe from Atlas and Woodford. Sundial won the Sydney Handicap, for which Qniven went ont favorite, but was not even placed. On Saturday the Trier oame out of his shell and won the Wavorley Handicap. The race of tho day was the Bandwick Plato (8 miles) for whioh the starters were Portsea, Quiver, Toreador, Fort, Newman, Chesterman, Woodford, and Looh- leigh. Betting ; 4 to 1 Toreador, o to 1 Portsea, Woodford, and Quiver, 7 to 1 Newman, 10 to 1 Fort, 12 to 1 others. Woodford and Quiver broke away, bnt, when steadied, Woodford went away, pulling hard, and led Lockleigh past the stand by several lengths, the others being Quiver and Fort, with Toreador last. Lockleigh went up to Woodford rnnning past the 6ix-furlong post, and the pair kept company for a time. Passing the stand the second time, Quiver worked up, and taking tho lead a milo from home she was never headed, winning with ridioulous ease by four lengths from Toreador, with Fort a gpod third, succeeded by Chesterman, Portsea, Woodford, and Newman, with Loch- Ieigh last. Time, Emin. 8Gsccs. Now, what do you think of it all ? What is the best threo-year-old 1 What is the best w.f.a. horse. Bumming it all up of the horses that ran at the A.J.C. Meeting I think Quiver, Delaware, Hopscotch, Torea dor, Vivian, Newman, and Bob Bay have the hest chance in the great races at Flemington and Caqlfield. Com mend mo to tho first two. The 8-year-old colt, Woodford, who ran second in tho Metropolitan, is not engaged in the Victorian Derby, 