CBINÀ AMER TÈ& WAR. A STATE OF MORAL BANKRUPTCY* ( íh?re o .'il hardly, remarks à speoial corres- pondent of the Times, he á stronger proof ot the metal bankruptcy of China than her iii; ability to produce a Bingle mah ai euch a crisis in her fortunes. in . - ; ; » THE SON OF HEAVEN. I. r j j i v t. Of jthe powffs (haiti bpi* sway within the pink walla of tho Forbidden City little oan be known. The Emperor K wang-Hsu appears ty bea eiokly joutb, with amelanoholy bnt not nnattraotive oountananoe, el ven to violent dis of pataioo, wbieh ho gratifies tn a .rela- tively iurmlBiB way by smaihihg his furni- ture.. In fabe self-imp seed seclusion of his palaçe, within whore . precinct « ön'y Women and eonnobB are allowed to tdwelt) he holds no oottimuntoatton with the oujaide werld .except Ülrough the high State officials, whq, in the small hours of the morning approach him on bended knee to present reports upen pub io affairs in wi iob, it nny safely b j assumed, tba te laities of truth ate largely flab rdlcated t) .the Considerations of courtly etpedlenöjr. When ba foes forth (rom time td time to f&ori;ûoÔ ih ono of the Imperial temples of th) paiitil, iju^stretts m through which he,.pastea are carefully, cleared eu.d ' gaardeq, tba houses on; either sile are shut off with heavy hanging?, the ground, is strewn with y Ho* sand, and everything removed wbiohmight off ;nd tho scnaitivOnra* of Imperial ejes, or to-fc iU. Tbroogh the desflted thoroughfares the Sob of HeavenÚ Ci, i generally in tfte.ettuneeaoi the night, like a ghost, borna in.a lofty palanquin by a troop of learers trained ta carry on*tbe;r ehoulders an enormous bowl filled with' wat.r to1 the I brim without allowing a drep to overflow. Until la,;! yeaf, notwithstanding her nominal retirement after the present Em i peror'e marriage in 1889, the Dcwtfger Em- presa undoubtedly cjnt'nued to exercise a paramount authority. That eba possess fa energy and ability ot a high order ia proved by the'^kiit »ltb which She grasped the reins Sf po »rr, in oonoBtt aifch the widow of the Bm prrtr Hsien Feng utter bia d-a'hin 1861, and tbe tenacity with «hieb she bBB held them more o-leas eon'innoi'Bly ever BIUO^ baldly breasting Or cunningly circumventing every obstacle tba* suco-ss ve'y arose in hé; pâti. Sba his often been e-<ap&iei; to Catherine the Great, and ii everything bat th i broidar Aipeots-of Statesmanship th.) analogy ia hot ! infelicitous-most of al), however, in re I gard to the greed of* power, . Xtrávg adcr', and tensuonaaecs eomracn to botb. I The , anniversary of ber ¿O h birthday j last antámn W-B to .have been celebrated ©a a i aale of nnuanal magnificence.. Large sums we e sent np fro xi every province and Stil l»rg r sums w<r¿ levied by the provinoiel offijia's aa the free gifi of a grate- ful people. A ai Undid road, whioh at least givre some idea < f what Chinese róidt were like iii the dâya of tbe .-Empire's prosperity, was ^ ( bfti|.t from Peking to the re eidenaa cf tbè Ëmpress. Dowager neat the Sum mir Palace for the Imperial preo s sion to pasa over. Tba o ty gate giving ac- cess to it Wus restored in all the priatiu« glory of quaintly oarved end painted erohi teoturo. and every hpuee.and shopalorg th« road blossomed out into a galaxy cf rewlj I gilded signboards and many colt med wood ! Work. But th j dis etera of the war sheds floom over the outward celebration, and, it a believed, for a time at least, disturbe 1 thc ..filial pitty of whiob it waa intended to be thc crowning illustration. How fir the Empress Dowager's influent)) haa been permimntlj éhákeá it IB impoaeib!e to say, but there wi r« undoubtedly etormy Boen s within the palace of which an unmiatakable echo r«- o' ed tfaí outdae world in tho public tion of a Memorial from oi.o of the censors, vigorously denou-a* ing he banifui effets of "pettioiat" go. vernment. Toe very m li punish mer.t in flictad ripon the anthor of th:s philipfi« f lnwtd the seniim?» ta expressed in ic to hart been viewed, to ray the least, with consider able leniency in theTtííghoat quarters. Li HUNG CHANO IS A NEW LIGHT. Li Hung Chang, git td witk no mean in telligecoe and with a doublt dose ef Chine « ounning, ie too much of a sceptio to allo« preiadiaas or prinnpUs of any kind to stand in his way. Brought more oftan than most ef hiB fellow countrymen into contact witt Europeans, especially during bis five-and twenty years retidenoe at Tien-tain at Vioeroy of Chi-li. ho has rubbed up acquain tiijoe with Western mode a of thonght, and he has learns with some suüoess, the art ol turning towards «very European whou he me> ts that facet of bis oharae'er whioh is most likely t? imp-ees his visit r. Oe proper oooasiona tie wi 1 ßhed crocodile'! tears over the iniquity «f the opinu trade, yet nowhere does the cultivation of th« n ttiVd p pp? receive mora enoouragemenl than in t e provinoo whioh he ruleB, nowhen doea the ucxious plant thrive more luxuriant!] than on his own vaat catatas. He willdeplon the lamentable periosioity of famines it China, ant*, noil eager aaaant when hela toU that the only remedy is to build railways which shall oonvey tj the stricken districts the surplus of other provinces ; yet he faiteé utterly to oope wifh . ... .""T** 0"L .> . ...un ratnina which broke ... unBV winter in bis own provinoe, and within AO miles of Tien tela, on the only railway line in China. Famine fever carried away 1,200 victims in one village, «kile a " corner in tho grain trade waa .being engineerëi iii the VioerOy's Yamén, ' and train kaela o$ rice were constantly haaiing down trie line; nfider the vary eyes of a starving population, tô till not so muoh the Btomaohs of tbe soldiers as the yvmiLvi* ot vue generals enoampea at enan, balk wan. That corruption on the hugest and moBt unblushing BO i le prevails among.-t the frienda an i relatives who form bis social entourage and politic il eupporlB.-Fj even bis admirers do not deny} and it, is difficult to believe that bid eva ri rUs atë ohéS, When ho tis known, tô haye amassed in the ßquree ora longl oifiajal career a oolosBal fortune reputed by many ti tja the largest possessed by any single individual in the. whole wofldfj Ye1 witha'l his sbortoom ingja he is^till ¡tho .¡man whose ipnuenoe da believed to represent the beBt that eau ba looked for in China under existing conditions. His knowledge of publio affairs, both domes- tic and foreign, is unrivaled amongst his countrymen. He held throughout the last regehoy, a high ¿lace in tho. confidence of rtiue Émpress^Dowagef. Ge has been «ore or lesa dii-eotly associated withvall the negotiations which have taken placer with foreign* Powers during the -last 2$ yehr*, andiâf be waa ao£ nnbaturaUy relttotant to undlítake tho painful miafci.n of proceeding to [Japan aa ia bumble suitor for. peaoe, fae unquestionably disobargei it with dignity. If the main- springs of bia .ao'ious mutt generally be locked fot ih his Own personal interests, hs realist!, pctbap8»0nthatadeount all .tbe mqre deafly, the expjdiphry of,developing 4*, hÀit tha..ma|eri,il rel sprees pr the Ö ü'i^ry and the nooeSaity of calling, in f r that purpose tbe assiettnoe of foreigners. . Her bas already shown himself the leading spirit ia the few industrial and ^commercial enterprises started fey his fe'low conutrysmm. He has i founded edttoitiofil i and -e.Vfb charitable establishments bf which it can at leàet ba said that they are unqae tn Cbina. He has built the only railway in the Empirei He was the first to realise the utility of tele- graphs.-* Above' all, i what ha do3| fae doles with a Willi, ¡Wfafen the fi*at' telegraph lite between Tien-'ein and Pekin was being repeatedly cut and the poles pulled down he was gravely1 told that tie e acts were com- mitted by 'he fungsbui, the mysterious Bpirits of earth and water ditturbed in their favour- ite haunts by hateful European innovation. Iii Sung Chang replied that if he caught One of these fttngsnoi interfering with tbe tele- graph it would gi badly with him. The bint waa sufficient. Neither man nor fungehui èvér again tampered with the linet fiEÊOBBt APPÀBÈNTLT ÎMf OSSIBLB Thai Li Hung Cbatg cdn possibly be the prophet df a gr-á(¡ moral révlvai in China it ts d moult tô believe, ßrh it is edually difficult to believe'tbtt any suoh prophet oan arise out of the ranks of the cfilaial ola saes. There is no rulo with-nt rxocrj i?n\ and .even sriioncst tte ofnoial c'a ees. Of Chiba tri (re are doubt leas individua1! who* jil both their p^lvatë Înd their public .'if-, risa saperior to the in nanete which surround them.? But they ctn do so only as. f-tr as h'.y are hemselves per ¿oually ciioerned. They cannot afford to chal ando a COLfli;t w th tbe who's chas to which they bé'ongi :lhaj fl^ày try. to keep th*, fr own rhndsolean, tût wóa batida them if th» y 'ry to ivpue such an inconvenient prac- tice upon o'here. W th all th* p: ea tig: of a gr.at name an 1 a gr at piBttion, Chang Obih Tung made the at'eoipt and failed. Li Hong Chang never even made the at'empt, aooord ing to his moTe charitable oritioa, because b« iras too clever to waa1« his energies cn such a bopelsES task \ according tri ethers, têoanse he never felt any personal diapoaition to undertake it. It m-y bi doubted whether the Son of Heaven himself could break down the formidable r?«ia<a^ o < wMeh the veBted interests of tl e official classes would offer to any comprehensive Boheme of reform. 