Presbyterian Church. EV. JOHN MACNEWS MISSION. Again, on Thursday evening tsat, the Press bytesis Cheurch was wei: flled, then the 2ev. J. MaNe?l conducted the'seventh of his series of evangelistic meetings. Amonesn those pre sent were the Revs. JoseltWalkert'and W. V. Young. After devotional cercisese had been engaged i. The Earsa r observed Ihat he dbslred to say a little more on the subject which lie had Introduced on Tuesday evening.' Thkot wa, as :to what manner of children we oughnto'b in order in be ehidier of God. Alluding a5&inio; the King's Owme loiely, he obrved thth main plank in theplatform thereof, as lis?tl previously stated. was a recognition byf the members of a fulness of the Hcf Ghost. A pledge which thememberstook read thaew " I resolve to moke,. in all thinge, the Klfg'2 will the role of mylif;..and, in matters of pr;. plexity, always toa solt What wonldJeseend dole That, the speaker went on to argue;ehosl' beh made a rule by all, and then, if thby attedi thereon, it would save them manr a heart break. Another pledgoas thus:--"'I iesolve to give regularly, and-?.bere practiacblb,sya tematically, a due proportion of myrinmner whether it be great or small, to the ig- Who giveth me things to enjoySP The King'h Oet people were systematic giverand he prdaecded to state at some length tlSt it was an obliga tion on the part o the p le to giv "pro er tionsate share of their income' to.the rd'o work. Subsequent~rthe evangellit Be livered a stirring address, elbeting as hit text the words, "There went over Jordan a edry boat to carry over the K?lu's houselhild." Those words, he remarked, wer to be ftdnd somewhere between the beginning of Jiges. and the commencement of thePsalms, ands he would like to see how many persons eould'4ell him the verse and chapter whore they were to besee. by the tolloing evening. Jordan, he snaid, was p?t figurntilely Jn sphittal things for the river-the dark sullen'streaom*ihih divided this world from the next-the river of death. Then? havingrecited Tennyson'e "Cros?singthe Bar," he addressed his listeierse thus, "I say· is Christ your pilot? You will never cross the " bar unless God has His strong hand on the wheel; eo, you will ground a?idb e ih. We - not only need the Pilot when we came to cross the rive, but we need Him in life' Dividing his text in three heads--the Jordioev the ferry- - boat, and the King's household,-he spoke brieflysupos each. The Jordan, hesaid, could not be crossed without a helping:bsndl from Christ, sa he appealed to thosebeeore him to accept the salvation offered. ¶o one could enter that ferry-boat without a ticket. Christ had purcabsed tickets forusall bydropeof blood, anod we had only to ask for tickets to~get them. Failing to do so, if we went to the boat ?without a ticket we should not be admittedo:o board. Further, we must be members of tthe King's household in order to get a berth inthie ferry boat, for it was provided to carry onlyzembers of the King'shousehold. But all coulB become members of that household. Were those be. fore him members thereo ? If not, they could ·not enter that boat. But could they-got awim or wade across the stream ? No, the current was too strong and the stream too ~deep for that. As the Jordan in Palestine flbred into the Dead Sea, so the spiritual Jordah flowed into the dead sea of eternity. Those, thenmwhe neglected to become members of the' King's household and secure a passage in the ferry boat.. wou~l be swept into the dea& sea of eternity.. He conoluded by.appesalig to his listeners tlo see that such was not the ~ne with thitm LAST Nloasra MErETIN. Last night's service was the last'of the'mis sion, and there was 'a numerons corgregaion in the Presbyterian Church to hear -the rev. gentlematnahnal address. Hymnns were sung at intervals by the choeika-der the leadership ofMr. C: W. Scott, Mr. 3. H. Ingram presiding at the organ. Amotg'those present ser the Revs. Peter Robertson, BR. Stewart, Joseph Walkran&W.; Smith. SThe Boe. J. MaTuPn' said that fia is?ise cnstom, s the hast night of his missieoo?ive afewvert of advice to the ygong-.osve-rto. Thanks be to God there wererie-iirate~iisnieh th?lPnight. hut notso mimy as he toldd.kre. He went on to remark that be he?? in s possessiooa the anam-and addre sea8 (si till The previous night) of'b0 converts ovenr ten and thirteeti little snes~ ktine btt. ysia ot age. lhstlA woedgivesomeidea of the worleddone. It had been one of the best attenqe missios, but the tea?ste had ap~aredtly ble the :oorest spirituelly, since he had come dto. Qasalmd. Bit tor.a?l that itnmigh.have bee.itinr,G' sight the most tfitff of the n alh. Gi g - advicete young Christiatanisl tisitd'that the- most important thing Lfos. ~tbee, to hbear in mindl .wa. that their Father Gaod.,&nired; theeesya g ussld hm sto be illed with the Holy (flees ,f thla, wre attended to; everything else would he. welt Secondly,. they should. be .DIbla-full .as wrell a Spirit- faiell The Spiri filledtenat weoul be Bie-filled. ethers and a·nothers were ad i-oelTo have thmily- wratipt h . mepSa'll _w ouaesnjsined'toalu4 thk a mLlea. 'he theyrph eld heasma~ Mealses 'Cnmnh with whit b Feo~ ei.- ~ .He eeted them , tntath' i toehoul. dor' losh" #'V~rw o",?iz h?#f 'HEte was sot t~inner a Oow h je to jbl int 'Ohts·l~iseh-eodii jt~bket bk ot the Sacrament. Thq.s ehSdhotd:l tor- ds tc th~ r~e~ eti~ bt hetheft flit charge du~iig the wbik." ?? in the prayer-meeting that the spfritual driding orse waw got up, and. the yoang:Christians should stand by their ,ministers in that meet ing. It was before the ClObristiep.Endeavour meeting;ih point of imprtsares. Agaiszthy, mast .he osarefulf their comepy. Company determnsted charaeter, Ilfso r ve egog to be Chaist-like men and women, theymu$ hgin the eampanyoft Christ-iike men ead women,. These was a Christ-lihe way of mizingwith un-Christ-like ,mea, and- wosenm brb.there w'aisijiso at un-Ceit:like way. Wasithqpe saty to go to thb rabeoare,'e; or .the baill-. room,. or the teatre?.,In plain, la? aiggA. he would tell them that they-ouldnot deso... The evangeliqt tlienspoke ety sli~ly agahee kssing, elsesing It aes dogoised thing.2 I e lirering his Isa.Laneeage; he wou ikeo tasa. hew gratefrtl.hgya ws''his brotler -miisiat. who had stoed by li*- wellauring hisa~ks.t asion. OnLSoudaymorning be hadthrotwaoti a challenge (he.was. speaking then to tlat Presbyteaiaes), and.-ow at the clbse of thesse vices he wished to say he was pased of tie-way in whio they had. responded to the olehlenge. He a dpott a single.thing to eoaplainiat Bhe way iwhioch his.lirethren and eitershlseitood by hima;-anhais memory Of Ipswclh Prosal be a pleasant one for many a day.toca .He theesealled upon all those who were-thankful for w blessipje, that God had seatLetem dur ing:thg tisstogso rise and. sing' the dtology. whareupon ahlest the Whcle of thelarge com peapyrosesaoae g,and whngheyAosased the evangeist pryed that God woi aeept their sang otbthog?nvging. His badssea ased a: the werdsa-'he harvest/te past, the sursene is. ended, andt we are not saved" (Jeremiah. vii., 20. There were three leading thoughts-acotpowlesd~meat of oppor tunity5 confession of negleo, and fobod ingoteooleming retribstios, IP. heped that God woesdi sink those thoughts into the hearts of his hearers. Themissioea had been a harvest time, a summer-time oh golden opportunity. He believed that such- missioe serviees were often God Almighty's last effort to save some. poor soul. The missisitesawere simplyreap-. ers who came along at special timesa to help the. honest, hard-working ilaners who had beeoon ploughing, and harrowing, and scarifying, and: sowing durirg the year before. Thank Godfor the faithful regular ministry which his heeaer had in their midst. God, who loved them all. was making an attempt to bring people hck to eternal salvation-to everlasting peace and glory. WoulS they not yield to His loving appeal? -He trusted that its wonld nol be trua of any of them that they had risted the appeal of the Holy Ghost. The words of the preacher weare listened to with marked attention, and a good many per~ sons stayed to the prayer- retitilp wytck ferb lowed. 