Established August, 1842. The Portland Guardian with which is incorporated The Portland Mirror. \------- Published at Portand Every Monday, Wed- nesday, and Friday Evening. MONDAY, AUGUST 5, 1895. PRESENTATION.---On Friday evening last Sergt.-Major Egan was the recipient of a token of respect and esteem by the members of the Portland Battery, G.A., in the shape of a very handsome silver biscuit barrel and a beautifully chased silver pencil and pen combined. Sergt. J. J. Couch, in making the presentation on behalf of the battery, spoke in the highest terms of the ability of Sergt. Major Egan, and of the respect in which he was held by the battery. Sergt. T. Taylor also made a few remarks in a similar strain. Sergeant-Major Egan, in replying, thanked the men for their very beautiful present, and stated that when he was sent here he determined to do his duty to the Department first, and then to the men. He had always been on good terms with all and was sorry to leave Portland, the residents of which had treated him with nothing but kindness. He desired to be excused further speech making as the good feeling of the men toward him had nearly overcome him. V.A.T.C. GRAND NATIONAL MEET- ING.---The following are the results of last Saturday's racing :-First Sapling Stakes-Raak, 1; The Bright Eyes, 2; Contempt, 3. Malakoff Stakes-Hughie, 1 ; Onward, 2; Erl King, 3. Caulfield Grand National Hurdle Race - Rosestem, 1; Favor. 2; Ripple, 3 Kapo, 4\. V.A.T.C. Amateur Challenge Cup \--Glenisla, 1; Musket, 2; Dolphin, 3. Balaclava Stakes-Miraculeux,1 ; The Parisienne, ; Marshal Ney, 3. TERRIBLE RAILWAY ACCIDEENT.---A shocking railway accident occurred at Malmsbury on Thursday afternoon im- mediately upon the arrival of the mid- day train from Melbourne. The victim was a man named Josiah Northy, a miner, working at the Plutus mine at Taradale. Northy usually walked to his work, but being late in starting he was going by train. Having obtained a ticket just as the train arrived at the station, he was in the act of jumping from the platform to cross over. The 12.30 goods train from Bendigo was pas- sing through at the same moment, but not observing its approach, the unfor- tunate man was knocked down by the engine, and the whole length of the train passed over him. His body was cut in two, and otherwise frightfully mangled. Deceased was about 50 years of age, and a widower. He leaves a grown up daughter and three younger children. Although the whistle of the goods train was being loudly sounded, it is evident this was not noticed by de- ceased in his haste to catch the train for Taradale. OBITUARY.---We very much regret being called upon to-day to record the death of Mr. William Cross, of Merino. The sad event took place on Friday, and to-day the remains were brought to Heywood for interment in the cemetery at that place. Deceased was well and favorably known throughout the district and many will regret to hear of his death. He succumbed, we understand, to the effects of a cold contracted a few weeks ago. " Willie" was a general favorite, and deep sympathy is expressed for his wife and family who are left to mourn the loss of a kind and indulgent husband and father. RIFLE CLUB.---We are informed by the Captain of the Rifle Club, that Mr. D. N. McLeod, has promised to present the above club with a trophy to be competed for amongst the members. THE STEAMER ARGUS.---The Argus was floated of the reef on which she was stranded on Thursday night, and brought into Thnrsday Island safely on Friday morning, looking as though she had sustained no injury. She is so slightty down by the head that it is hardly perceptible. Eleven of the horse on board have died since leaving Metbourne. It is reported that owing to the strong tides the divers were unable to examine the vessel's bottom properly, and so far have been unable to find out the damage. A SPLENDID GOLD YIELD.---A splen- did yield has been obtained by Craven and Valentine, from shallow ground at Sparrow Hawk, Bendigo, 10 loads giving 127 oz. of gold. The stone is small but hanging together with gold. ACCOUNTS. ---The following accounts away payment at the local Sub-Treasury this morning for N. Dowling (2), R. Hedditch, Portland Borough Council, M. Stahle, H. H. Walker, J. McWil- liams, W.M. Newell, W. P. Anderson and Co., Pitts and Hogan, and S. Dudden. THE RIDE.--- In consequence of the continued wet weather the ride arranged for Wednesday, the 7th inst., has been postponed until Wednesday the 14th inst., when all those invited to join are requested to meet at the post office not later than 2.15 p.m, on that date. BOROUGH ELECTION.---The dates for the annual election for the borough have been fixed as follows :-Nomina- tions must be lodged not later than 4 o'clock on Friday afternoon, August 9. election day August 22. The retiring councillors are Messrs. Brown, Heaney, and McLeod. Up to the present the is no talk of opposition to any of the retiring members. FIRE AT KEW LUNATIC ASYLUM.--- Great consternation was caused at the Kew Lunatic Asylum, about midday on Friday, by an outbreak of fire in one of the wooden cottages where the idiots are housed. The building is one of several built in a row, some 20 feet apart, whilst 40 feet to the rear is another wooden structure, used as a residence for the helpless idiots, but none of them were ever in any danger of being burned. MEETING.---The candidates for the vacant seats in the East and South Ridings of the Shire are to be afforded an opportunity of addressing the electors at the Foresters' Hotel, Myamyn, on Wednesday night, a public meeting having been called for the purpose. EAST RIDING.---Many of our readers will be glad to learn that Mr. E. A. Bayley will be a candidate for the East Riding representation. His address appears elsewhere. ST. STEPHEN'S.---The Ven. Arch- deacon Cooper, is expected to prech at St. Stephen's on Sunday next, and on Monday he will lecture on "The rise and progress of an English city--Birming- ham." PROBATE AND ADMINISTRATION.---The registrar has granted probate to the will of the late Mrs. Emily Constantia Allnutt, of St. Leonards, Portland, to the amount of £682. FURNITURE &c.---Elsewhere; Messrs. Learmonth and Co., intimate that on the 14th inst. they will offer for sale the furniture and effects, together with vehicles, stock, &c.;, at" St. Leonard's" THE Flinders leaves Melbourne this afternoon and Portland on Wednesday morning. She will only make one trip to Portland this week. The ghost boom has extended to Hor- sham, where some practical idiotic joker has been frightening women and children. The ex.Australian champion, W. L. Murdoch, fired perhaps by a spirit of emulation aroused by the great per- formances of W. G. Grace, recently made 226 for Sussex against Cambridge University. A sad fatality occurred near Tatura on Friday morning, a boy aged 12 years, son of Mr. G. Maskell, farmer, of Tatura, being killed by the falling of a heavy rail on his head. A miner named W. Houghton was killed in the New Loche Fyne mine, at Matlock, Walhalla, on Friday night by a fall of quartz from the hanging wall. Deceased, who was an experienced miner, leaves a widow and family of two children. The Germans have recently launched at Bremen, the largest sailing ship boat, viz., the five-masted Potosi. The height of the mainmast from keen to truck being 21o feet, and its circumference at the deck is 34 feet. The spread of can- vas with all sail set will be about 5o square yards. NEWSPAPERS have new readers every day. Advertising should therefore be persistent and continuous. No business can be fully and completly advertised until everybody is thoroughly informed concerning it; and as long as people continue to be born, advertisers will find new eyes and ears to appeal to, and new customers to be secured. Of all the in- fluences to make known to one man the existence of another, his aims and views an advrtisement in a good live newspaper. A man may as well sit down in a meadow and expect a cow to come and be milked, as to sit down in his store and expect to get trade without advertising. An occasional customer may stray in, inquire for something, and buy it ; but most people go where they have been in- formed that the goods they want are to be found. Further-more, a c0nsiderable proportion of business is made by adver- tising. An advertisement often suggests to a reader his want of an article, and he goes and buys when he would not have realised his need if he had not been put in mind of it. If your want to do business ADVERTISE AND DO IT JUDICIOUSLY \--------- 