BltlEF MENTION. Annual meeting of School of Arts next Tuesday, ? The estate of the late. Sir Alfred Stephen hae been sworn at £15,630. Australia's wool clip annually reaches a value of £25,000,000., .? - | , , .. An. effort is being made tit amalgamate the Lismore and Federal Bands. Yesterday (Thursday) wis one of the warm est days experienced this summer. Mr. E. VV. Allinaham, solicitor, intends practising his profession at Murwillumbah. ? Mr. Conoolue, late of the A.J.S. Bank, Drake, succeeds Mr. Smith as manager of the Maclean branch. Heavy rain fell at Coraki on Wednesday evening last, and there was every indication of a further downpour lost evening. Five large cases of frozen poultry were recently exported from Brisbane by the Bute- ' uhiro for tho London market. A conference of the Miners' Federation now sitting at Birmingham passed a resolution condemning the proposed compulsory boards of arbitration as being inimical to trades unions. The recent concert on board the barque Yolande at Martin's Point resulted in £20 being cleared in aid of the Maolean Hospital. For the real science of cruelty in the way of punishmeut, says a traveller, you must go to China.' A favourite diversion used to be to Btrip a criminal, seat him in a barrel, fill the barrel with lime till it reached the victim's chin, theu secure him so that he could not get out, place the barrel facing the sun, cut off the poor wretch's eyelids, and poor water into the barrel. The London Anarchists discovered that one of their comrades was a French^ spy. They forced him, at the point of the 'Revolver, to roveal wiiat he intended to report to the French Government : Mr. Taylor^ of Barney Downs, who had been missing for some time, died at Tenterfield last Friday from the results of 13 days' ex- posure. He wus reduced to a mere skeleton, and refused nourishment. 1 An attempt was made to pour it down his throat, but it was un successful. His body was so emaciated that his backbone could be felt by placing the hand on his stomach. He leaves 12 children, the young est being 11 weeks old. Dr. J. C. Foote, the Yale (U.S.) demon strator in bacteriology, has been investigating the life of typhoid germs in oysters since the outbreak in Wesleyun University. The gerniB were found to be alive nine days after they had been inserted in the oysters. It is said that the oysters which caused the trouble came from a bed immediately opposite a sewer out let. The rabbits sent to England by the R.M.S. Ophir have . arrived in good condition. Vic torian rabbits are selling at Is each, and those from Sydney at 9d. A widow in Paris was so haunted by the fear of encountering her dead husband's ghost that she married again, thinking that the presence of a successor would keep the appari tion away. The Chief Inspector of Stock for this colony is arranging to attend a conference in Brisbane regarding uniformity in branding, owing to the present system injuring the hides. A correspondent of a Wanganui paper asserts that he has found an infallible remedy for asthma in the tea made from the gorse plant. Cheerfulness keeps up a kind of daylight in the mind, filling it with a steady and perpetual serenity. A West Australian court acquitted a man nained Knowles, of a clmrgo of shooting an Afghan, with a caution not to be so ready with his shooting iron in the future. Among new books announced by Ward and Downey is one entitled ' Tales of Crime and Criminals in Australia,' by H. A. White, late deputy-governor of Ballarat Gaol. The \ ictorian Assembly has fixed members' salary at £240 per annum and reduced the salary of future Governors to £5000. The tender of the Indiarubber Guttapercha Co. for the laying of ' tin* Pacific cable, via Spanning Island to Sydney, was the lowest received, the price being £1,600,000. The same company offered to lay the cable from Canada to New Zealand, via Samoa, for £1,250,000. The London Qlobe says that Australia threatens to supply England with millioaB of eggs, but that it would ue far more preferable to develop the wine industry against French competitors than add to the troubles of the British farmer by competing with hiin. At Forbes last week a burglar named Bene detto Folchiero was shot by Constable Haw kins, and died of his wounds a few hours afterwards. An inquest was held, and the jury returned a verdict of justifiable homicide. The early maize crop on the Clarence is not so heavy, as that of former years. The weather has been too dry. The ballot among the lodges of the New castle miners resulted in a complete decision against a strike. There is raucn satisfaction at this result in local circles. Four Sisters of Mercy, from Lismore, have been on a visit to Murwillumbah. A Convent is likely to be established there. In Sydney last Monday the Colonial Sugar Co.'s IW sugar was selling at £22, IC £'21, No. 3 £19. Best Queensland whites £21 6s, and ordinary £21. A visitor to Coolgardie says that for dirt, drunkenness and bad language that place takes the palm. He has seen £250 worth of champagne drunk within two hours in the open street. At a meeting held at West Wyalong on Suturday, a committee was formed to devise means to prevent the practice of jumping in terests in claims on the field on frivolous pre texts. The machinery for the Creamery Companys' factory at Lismore has arrived, and will short ly be put in position. At a public meeting held at Wingham last Saturday, a motion was unanimously passed affirming that, in the present disastrous state of the agricultural and pastoral industries, a land tax is most inopportune. A man named John Martin was killed on Monday last near Turnstall Gap, Lismore Casino road, through being run over by a bul lock waggon loaded with timber. Recently a wild turkey was shot near Dubbo. In its craw were found four quail of the small painted species. Such a thing was never be fere seen by our informant, ana some hundreds of turkeys have fallen to hiB unerring aim. 