A HOUSE OF MYSTERY. Specially -writteri~f or the .ExaMner, and [By Or. W. WboiiSTON.] ? Author of I 'Transported for Life,' ' A Thle-tide ExperieBce.' : After dihn9r,:oor gnesis not being- ex pected -until evening, Toui Wiks and I w'etit j upon a -tour of inspec i -n around ;Earo'6la^*Tom- being, much impressed by thef abfenc? . of- everything English-like, .the^whUe^ vividly reciting Borne of the CbrwtiDas etories he had heard for years 'p^BtV ?:'????' '-'? ; -'' It 'w&a;*B:x o'clock when we returned home, and we hid no sooner got insido than I conld sie that something unusal had - ccurred, aB my wife looked ill ah eas? and nerv ??n-v-andl had not long, to ?wait b'tfore hearing the cause. 'Such a strange thiDg, Harry!' ehe said, and.lookiDg exceedingly frightened the while. 'I- wjs juBb; putting1 a few finish ins: touches to the Christmas tre\ when all at cnce, about an hour ago, I heard- footsteps in. the passage, as. of a heavy woman walking from the door and through into one of the back roams ; and then after a faw moments I heard a scream, and a woman's voice in piteous accents crying out and speaking as it were in an appealing voice, although I could not distinguish the words. It; was no delusion ; I heard . it as plainly as I now hear myself speak.' 'But why did you not summon Mar garet P' said I, looking very aueerly;at. Tom Wilke. ' Because I was too frightened to move.: I was utterly unable to stir even' a step towards the door.V Wo may 'depend upon One thing— that the place is haunted right enough, and some awful thing has hap pened here years ago, and is being re enacted in the spirit world every Christ mastide. ' Turning to Tom Wilks I said, 'What are your thoughts npon it, Tom?' [ ' Well,' said he, ' I hardly know what to think. I never had much faith in the etherial bodies or spirits, but I conre3s this beaC3 all my reason in' o fits. The best thing we can do is to have a good' look around the house, and if we can ucearth no clue say nothing about it to the other guests and await further' developments. With this we reassured ourselves and prepared to have a thorough search and' find, if it were poEsiblp, a rational ex planation for this mystery, for we could call it by no other name. Ecom after room we. searched — parlour, dining-room, sitting-room, and almost every apartmentin the place were examined' but without any resu't. Everything, if it were not for the shadow or aspect of glcom before mentioned, seemed in a natural position. We were jusfc on the point of returning to the sitting room to acquaint my wife with the result of our saarch, when it suddenly struck me that we had for gotten to eximine the lumber closet, as we termed it. This was a room very much out of the way,and we had turned it into a kind of storing1 place for odds and ends. Calling Tom Wilks's attention to this, we de termined to make our tour of inspection complete by examiningthe remaining room. Not that we expected to make any discovery there, for our faith in my wife's story hid htea waning all the while, and we were beginning to think she had been hoaxed or the victim to some hallucination. However, ,1 shall never forget my feelings when once I entered that awful place, and the icy chill which crept throngh my very marrow will remain vividly impressed upon my memory until my djing day. As Tom Wilks and I entered we both felt an awful chill, as it were of death, come over us; an indefinable dreadful something that made us turn white scared faces towards each other and shiver as with ague. And a strange thing happened just here. As I began to wonder what would come next, I suddenly felt that the room was changing in its general as psefc. The room itself was there truly, but I to loose Bight of all the lumber and seemed rubish,while furniture and pictures of costly kind were brought before me, as if by a magician's wand. Over the old mantel there hung a picture of Lord Byron.whilat around the room there were dotted paint ings in miniature and ornaments, which gave evidence of both wealth and taste. And I felt at that moments a vision of the past had been revealed to me, and that the mystery which pertained to our home would soon be cleared away, and the shadow lifted from our hearts and lives. . After this the vision vanished, the place' ? ? T resumed its wonted appearance, and turn ing to Tom I asked if he£had seen the same 'picture, but found that it had been 'hidden from bim, the only sense of any* tning unnatural experienced by him being the icy cbarnal-house feeling which struck U3 upon cur entrano?. After telling Tom of my (xpari nca, slowly and ill at ease» with a premonition of som9-h'ng about to happen, we mida cur wiy back to the sitting-room an I rejoined my wife, but were careful i ot to a qua'nt her cf our adventure in the lumber room, as I thought ib was unneciisfary to unnerve her. Stv^n o'clock saw the airval of our firBt gufst, the Ejv. Mr Thornton, A gentleman whose f i iendshipvl prize very much, and one whom I found! a ple«aufc companion as ? well as willing helper in time of trouble. It W38 therefore only natural that I should inform him about my vision, and ask his advice, the result being that we decided if any thing 'further \myster:ous to k place that he,TomWilks,aiid myself were 1 1 go' together and watch the lumber-room and clear up this ghoulish enigma if possible* Shortly after this the other guests pat. in 'an appaarance, and (he old bouse was soon reverberating with sounds of E,ong and merriment, which made one forget' for the time being all about Ihe other world, so intent ware 'we in grasping the pleasures of the present hour.' The fun waxed fast, Christinas joke3, Christmas stories, Christmas tongs ' were the order of the hour, and Old Eng'an i's immortal yuletide . was never better cele brated than it was that evening.' i'* J-' : ' , Bub the time flew by, andi at la t 11 o'clock came, and with it a craving desire for ghost storie', Then the nervbus ries3 arid timidity of the we ak . members of our party began to show' themselves. ^Ladies drew their chairs cloEer together whilst the more superstition! of the Bt^raer Eex cast furtive glances^n the direction of .the door. Dickena's Christmas tales,, were jrepaatcd, and Eip Van Winklp, along with jthe legends of ?' Ould Ireland,' came in fcr their share of appreciation; but just at this juncture a startling icteriuptioa took place. A bleak draft came through the room, and with it the sound of footsteps. Fit, pit, pit, pat, they souadei as of a |wosan, weary and despairing, while at the. same time there seemed to pervade' the atmosphere that indescribable odour of death which most of us have experienced at some time or other. . : Fear was depicted on every cheek ; there was a sinking in every ? heart,, and 'we held our breath for an instant as the footsteps died away, but we tbr;e, Mr Thornton, Tom Wilks, and mjself, glanced at each other meaningly as the Eounds retreated towards the lumber-: oom. Being quietly, and requesting the gentlemen present' to stay with the ladies, we three made our way noiselessly in the direction of^jbhe haunted room. I may as we'l confers at once thi3 wasnotdpne without considerable trepidation; but we had nerved 'ourieiYes Cor the task and were determined - to- carry it through. As we crept noiselessly for ward we could no longer hear the footsteps,: but this time voices, one the pleading to a 63 of a woman, and, oh ! they were so piteou=| 'Forgive me, father,' they, eaid,' for give, a3 you hope to be forgiven -by Heaven.' . :. . But the other voice was. harah and unre lenting; 'Go from my presence, ba3e daughter. You who have brought , shame upon our family and di3horour to my name. I shall never forgive you.' & And then we came nearer, and entered fhe room. Ah, what a scene lay before me. The room beautiful as in my first vision, but this time, on the one side a commanding stern - looking man whose eyes and whole demeanour betokened pas sionate anger, while before him, kneeling at his feet, was the form of a young girl, but upon whose face were stampad indelible marks of sin, shame, sorrow, and remorse. It was a heart- rending scene. And now the girl again spoke. ' Father,' said she, ' let me appeal to you, for my mother's sake, take me back. I've sinned, but, oh! I have paid the penalty; how have I suffered. Forgive me!' But no, the fountain of a father's love had dried up leaving his heart harsh and as hard as adamant. 'I spurn you. Go from my presence. Henceforward you are no daughter of mine, I disown you,' said he. And then seeing the hope was dead the poor creature slowly drew herself upright and stood facing him. ' Father !' she cried, ' you have slain me . by your harshness. You might have saved me from a life of shame and made me happy, but instead you have only given me your curse ; knowing that I cannot live; death were far better.' Saying which she pro duced a phial, and -quick as thought drank jits contents. A few ettuggle3, a few broken sentences, and, all was over. It was death, and the end of a broken life, a victim to a parent's harshness. AU, the while this was being enacted we dared, not apeak, but stood spall-bound, rivetted by this repetition of a tragedy which must have taken place long years before. Gazing yet I waited breathlessly for the next act of this realistic vision, and it was not long: in coming. Standing Bti'l for a moment, like one in a dream, the father viewed hi? work, and then the awfulnesB if his own harshness seemed only to dawn npon him, and then he muttered slowly, ' And is this the end. God- help me ! God help me 1' And now,- though unreconciled inlife.the patent's affection found vent in death, and with a cry of despair he raised the inani mate form and placed her on a couch near by, but the revuhion had come too late ; she,was dead, and no amount of forgive ness or repentance could bring her back. : With 'blanched face and bent head he raised himself, went to a writing desk,* and from one of its drawers brought forth a pistol! . '' r' . ..'.'. I knew in an. instant what was coming. Placing it to his head, a sharp report, a Ion g drawn sigh, another death struggle, and the tragedy was complete, and with it was the mystery of Mortimer House ex plained. '....'? '''.' And: now, as suddenly as it had changed before, did the old lumber- room resume its, natural aspect. The spell was broken, and turning to my companions, I asked if they had seen it, but found a3 before that I was; the only, one to whom the vision was re vealed, . although they had heard all that had passed down to the repor b of .the pistol. .. Feeling that ^all was over we made oar way back t-- the^gtieBta, to whom I related my.st&ry;' which you may be sure* added much:1o the contagion of. fear already felt. Nojtime was.lo3t in the breaking up of the party; all being no doubt greatly relieved to find themselves well away from, the houte of mystery. . NoW; the ^traage ipart about the whole affair was my being the only one who wit ness;, d the tragedy , righb .throusjh, which circumstance made me think I must be endowed with the gif b of second sigh*-.'.. , I determined to prove, this by making enquiries Ja3.to the truth' of the Yu'ebide,. tragedy, so soon as we could get away fiom the,houte and Rettle down in a new; residenc?; This time I determined to make' enquiiias as to character and r- put ition of both houee and landlord, as I had had quite enough cf haunted houB.s for my life time. Within . a week we , had .shifted ^.our residence, and the braES plate with- its polished fcurfaco was courting the rays of the morning sun a good half mile from Mortimer1 House. Tom Wilks and I after this made strenu ous-' efforts. to find out if sucti a tragedy had ever taken place, and . after we had alinosb 'given iip in despair1, one day we. came aorrss a very old man who/hearing we 'were making enquiries regarding Mor timer House, ^related to us that many years ago. a w a'.tby o'd setHer had made his home tb ere, and tbat.after a while his wife had died, and his daughter had run away from' home, ending with the awful drama I, had seen re- ecaet.d that Christmas Eye. ' ?After thif, no tenant baing forthcoming, in a shorb titne' Moriimer House was pulled down to make ro-m for a more modern, and it is to be hoped less uncanny, residence. : ; ' . ;. . Thus ends the most unnatural instance rf what men call spook experiences I 'ever heard ~6i, neither do I care for a repetition. The power of second sight no doubt ex plains my vision, but Mortimer House was nonVjbhe JesB a House of Mystery. : ? '?'?' ?'- '??? [The End.] ' ' 