DORA DEENE; NEITHER WIF_ NOR WIDOW. By BERTHA HA. CLAY. CHAPTER XLIV- COsTICNUEI. It Was late in the afternoon when Dora wer stertled by the doubln rieg of a mousongor from the telegraph oimr, and the misslve was handed to her by Madame Bell. It read thuso " Mns LOiKRL.rV, 'The Myrtlea,' Rich mond :-Cuoe to Charing Cross station by the six-fifteen from ltolm oind. I willmeoot yon there. We have itmeortot clue. Foo :Itoer e1:H." While she droessd, Madmae Boll ordered the carrage, for Edmound had presented his bride with pony and a smart little phaeton; and in twenty minutes she wa oirng driven to Rlehmond railway station. "It may be Into when I return," she told the coaehman, "hut hold yourself In readinass to fetch me, a I hall send a telegram to Madame Boll." She was in good time for the train, and peon arriving at Charing Creh,v was mot by a slight man, in a tweed suit. At firet sight hea struck one as being rather neoml, bet his height was considerabhly reduced by a stoop in the sboulders. 1oe wore blue poeotaolee and his hair was turning white. "Hove I the honor of addroesing Mrs Loeasley I" he asked, touehing his hbt. "I do not know you, air,' replied Dora. haoghtily. "I have come to meet Mrs Lookhsly, at the request of Mr Frank ll'gogers," he said. in apologetic tones. " If I have made a mistake, I ask your pardon, but you answer the description ho gave to me, and no other lady hao alighted from the train." Dora loloed at him koeenly. Whoro had she heard those tones bolero--when ud where "Why could not Mr Itogera come him olf' sheo demaneed. " My name is Lock "'i Is at the chambers of lr Fairfrx, and bade me tell you how he retrettd his inability to leave at the moment. I am engaged in an onifn in the next building." laI will go ni:h yon," Dora announced. "' You will pardon my rudeness." He again toouhed his hat, and there steemed something unreal-something moor ing in his servility. feo hailed t hansom at the main entraneo to the station, whispered something to the driver, and in one minuta they were dash ing through the Strand, which was now In a state of aemidareno?la, for the shopkeepors hae not yet illumined their windows. Dorn was on ccious of an awful feeling of nervouson depression, and in the half.light. everything appeared to be inexprestibly gloomy. From tIhe Strad, they went into Fleet street, aund not until they were going up Ludgate Hill did she notice that they han passed the Temple. "It is anll right. maame," her companion said, with a quiet smile. "' have a very urgent message to leave at Purdy'e, and a lettertomail at St Martin's Le (reed. I quite forgot to post my lettere, and the ofite is open until eight at the geoneral." Dora accepted this explanation with many misgivings, but as the streeta were crowded with people, who would run to her aslriatance if ahe gave One cry for help, ahe felt that her suspicions must be nflounded. The hansom dashed by the general post erto, and headed for the' badly.lighted and foul-smelling streets beyond the groat Charterhouse Schools. "I will nt go any ferther," Dora eald, suddenly. "if you have other calls to make, ermit me to alight hero. I can go to Mlr Fairlax' chambere In another cab." "Certainly, madame," replied the old gentleman, readily. "I am sorry that I have put you to the inconvenience, but did not think that you would onijoot-" He turned, as thoogh to pull the check trng, buhot instead proered a pocket-hnd kerohoief to Dora'me nostrile. The movement was a dextrous one, and she inhaled sulficient chloroform to render her insenaihle without a strnggle or a sigh. The old mao smiled. "She is very pretty," he murmared. "Very beautiful, I should say; buot he is inthe way. Se must go bck to Deal and become the wife of the respectable Mr Mal.r lowe. The man is infatuated with her ; he seens to spare nooutlay, to care for nothing, if he can only seoure her for his wife, andt he shall have his wishes gratified. I will promise to aid him to that end. In the meantime-" He paused in his reflre:ions, for they were rapidly nearlog leliogton. Presently, he stopped the cab, and jumped out. 'tre action was a very lively one for an old man-for a nan with stooped ehonldort. Cahbby !" he said, "drew up to the curtheone, next house, and ring the bell. M[y daughter has faintee." Toe oamoa obeyed, for the old man was half supporting the young lady In hin arme, and in obedience to his cummons the door wan opened by a woman who had a most ill.-favored eountenance, which at once be oame irradiated with a savage hind of j y ween she beheld the fainting girl. All taoie the cabby was quotc to notice. and when he received his ifee, he stared hard at the old gentleman, thinking: "I shall know him again." The young lady was carried in doors, and the cabby drove away. Ae the L'hareg Cross he examined the interior of the cab, and pioked np the tele gram, welch Dora had carried In the sleore .of her jtokht. He read it, and soiffed the air, respici. and"y. " It ain't all on the squere," he muttered, doubtfully. '"Thin smell o' 0wwt0 apples means chi, reform. The lady is Mrs Looks lay, and the old man eallel e Imself her dad. fow what's the bos?t thing for , to dou?'" Hie turned hin eye upon the ntlifoal form of a policeman, who paraded thie platform, and emiled centeonptuously. adding: "Il'm a better 'too myself than he is' Tiahls opinion neemcd to givo him great ratisitotion, and he resolved to keep his eye up on tits houe at Isington. Heo would do so that very night. Just then another train was signaled, and hi thoughts tuLned te the porssbilty of a fare. He only hoped he woula get one who wished to be takrn some eart of the way to lslingtion, me that would facillitate mattern greatly. "l've got my twentysoven and six to hand in tu-night, or there is no cab for me to-morrow," he thought. "That must be p ld. lollo I lero'sa che.ce, and another Rithmond train, too I" A young man was hurrylog toward the nab rank, yardn ahead of everybody else. "' Keb, sar-kob o" al ao quoestio," the young man said, rpidlly. "Can you tell me it you or any other cabman hero saw a young lady who ,'?me by the li. 15 from lfiohneoonu ' "'I'm your mae," replhed the oabby, glee. felt"yllero read this." lde handed the tlegraem to tie yoaung fellow, who read It quaclly, uttered an or lalmetlon of setltfaotoen, and scld : 'You took the lady sonwhmfero o" al didt wite an old gentlcence who mot her. And L've marbed teoe house, sir e" SI ec Frebk logere," acid the young aen, o'd os I never sentaye such tlo gram, there la foul pley. ThIe me to tier Oomus where you left MIet l.ohslny. Qalok I" lie jumped into tha hansoe, and In half an hour the horse wee pulled up with a jerk, the etone rl.Lng from the rohling body SThe is tIe place," called the cabmen, aad Frank beferang down. It. c?acet b wee elrging the bell, anedhal tabno the pro. nautIol to signal a poliooceman from rhie opposite orner. I ql'hr door opened ced an elderly womanI appeared. She woe a pelfeat apeoelnen of the ,anedof lodglogfhouse ketprr-thlin, tired Ioking, and oaleulatlng, aod greotod ,the pofioeman with a nod. "HaI" shbe rolaimed. "More cabs I bhet they've gaote They took ethO aeconl inor for a month, and paid in advanooe ; but owo daya hoa satisfied 'em. Caba I I nover uo b such folks for cab. They were no good, that's certain. Too fond o' loioking theiro door and speaking in whiopers to snit me, a and the woman--" " One word." intorroptod Frank, im patiently ' A young lady arrived her an nonr ainoe 7" "That's right," nodded the landlady, "and hbo weor in a dead faint. They took her away like that profeauong they was going to a doctor, bat my Johnny days they uruvo right away toward St. Pancran station, him I ahanging on the back o' the ocb, too 1' " St. Panoran I" muttered I?tgors, doubt. I fully. " They ohanged cabs midway," exclaimed I the landlady, "and he lost lsight of them I cause a bobby cuffed his Pars for trying to follow." " Thnk you," replied logors, after a mlnuto'a thought; then he jumped into hi. hab, saying, quickly : " Lndon ridge station, sharp." H consulted a timoe.tablo as the hansom apod away, and muttered: " Mr Mlarlowe and Esther Marsh intend catchtng the Dover boat train, unless I am very much out of my reckoning. From Dover they will go to Deal, probably byroad. I think 1 shall be able to thwart their plans I" oe looked at his watch. Only ten minutes until the train woo duo 1 He urged on the driver, and toe cab howled along at a pace that elicited cries of warning fromn the police on duty. As it dashed into the station yard, Frank jumped ont and ran on to the?platform. Toe whistlo sounded, and pushing the man roughly aside, Rogers raced onward, uhouting : " This train must wait. I am a dateo' tive 1" CHAPTER XLV. RICARID KARLOWE COYNE811E. The guard wao in the act of giving the final uignbl, bat he paneed. and a hundred heads 0hot out of the carriage windows. Among these, was the torrlliod face of Richard Marlowe. Had it not been for the vigorous grasp of Esther Marsh, he would have left the train, and tried to eaopo among the crowd. ' It is that accursed itcgors !" he gasped. ' Keep your wits cool," Either retorted. W ?Vo re not outsido the law. I'll face it out i" "I am a detective I" repeated Frank. " And am under the impresaeon that a lady in aboard this train, under the influenoe of chloroform. She is being abducted by one Marlowo. Yes," he added, coolly stopping toward the compartment occupied by Mar l'owe, Eithor Marsh and the insenslble Dora. " this is my man I" "Produce your warrant!" sneered Rithor. "This young lady is my minatre. \Vo are acting nunder thu instruotitna of her Ilegl guardian." " Unlock the door, guard," Frank alid, qoietly, "and siagnal an officor at tino rtation. I charge th?io people with decoy lng this lady from her homb by mea?a of a false telegram in my name ; with adminiuter ing to hr a drg, for the purpose of pro duomng inoenuibuity--whloh in, in itself, a criminalnact. shall also charge them with forgery and conupiracy." Mdr Marlowe and Ethor Mrarsh were ordered to quit the train forthwith. It could not Lo kept waitiingany longer. Tiey proteatod indlgnantly, nut were told thao they had their remedy, if they could prove thoa the chargen were false. The station detective was conmmissioned to keep both in conlinemont until the young lady nad recovered her senses, as her testimony, together with that of others, would not admit of the prisonora even being 'rolirud on hail. Darn was taken to a private room beyond the refreshment bar, where sho awakened from her dreamfnl tlep, linowing nothing of the danger from which she had been roundod. tI toe meanwhile, Rogers sent the cab man for Fred Fairfox, and that night a number of snrioua charges were made to a police superintendent against Morlowe and Either Marsh, among ohich, and foremost of all, wao the auspicion that they were dire?tly ilmplicated in tho strango oiuopprar doec oi Eiound Lcksl'y, and might yet have to mnswer for the crime of muruor I After her first axpruouions of rage, Esther Moarh conaentld heorelf with rendmng a ,oreaie to her friends in Deal. one oof whomn was Captain Deone; but Marlowe was aallow with fear. ."I did nst know that Lookeley had been murdered." he protested. "1 honueetly thought that he had run away. The game is up. and I am ready to admnit my share of it. Oh, dooer, I must not stnd in the dook. t will ruin me, commercially und socially. \'ithdraw yo~r charge, gentlemen. I beg of you, and 1 will confess ll that 1 know oevrything." " o," replied Fairfax. " We hball proess it to the utmosat, until the mystery of Look .ley'a fat has been olu?and up. Thin much I will tell )o--hit hat hLa been found in the Thames." Marlowo groaned with horror. "1 knew nothing of th.--I never sus peoted it.' "' You inserted the libel about him in a scurrilous soolety paper," wad the sacrn rejoinder. ' And ripreu.nted yourne.f to br Captain Deono, or some near relation of M3 Lockuley." '" I only dd It under the instructions of another,' Marlowe sobbed. "'Oh, this di. grace--thb digraco of being charged in open court with thao things, will rum me-will kill mn i' " : i all you deserve," was the barrister's cold reply. " Who hns been your tuotr I' " I wll tell you to morrow-after I have aeon him," Marlowe promised. "I am sure that I can clear myself; I have only obbyed C'aptan Doeno in must things." ,You mean that you hold some power over the old seaman, and force him to con sent to anything you proposeo." ." Hu owes me ,,oney," co?frsed Mar lown. "I'll maro e olean broeast of it, and he has not been above trading with tile smugglers. This is a serious offence, particularly for an old naval ollicer. From the day I discovered it, he has been my tool, and 1 determined to marry hie grand daugotor. Do you know why!? hu went on, uxoltedly. " I hoard her mother's story from the old mien again and again, and it did not take me long to discover that she was an rarl's daughter-that her father lived, and that she would some day be a rich heirese. Would this not make a man do almost anything! And I should have suouoodnld, but for thu handsomo face and sweet words of young Lookleuy. There the wholoe story In in a nutshell I L.'thor Marsh was to sharoe the money with me.' Ho paced the police oilieu excitedly, and both Fairfax and l:ogera promiseod to seo him again the next day. Tho charge would not be called in court for two days, and, in the meantime, muo might be done. le wasn removed to a ocell, and they wono away nwerlt.ltioled with the progruas that had been made. lloth men aocompaniod Dora to llCohonnd, for they were now heart and soul in the taok of unraveling the many mystories that aurrounded her. hyond a light dirrzziness, she woa none tho orse for the ohloroform .ho had inhaled, and declared that its sIfooto had been rathor pleuant then othorolni, though sho shuddored to think what might have bhon her fate had not Frank ilogero traced tl e movonouta o[ her enulllisa, t h Vo lnouh hibo oorlieTaly In our hands now,' he hsld, when they were earod in the trai. " ''e haaoonfoeted that his great objuot in marrying iou wuan to asuorrn fortune, which ho believes that you wnil stems day inherit front your father. Esther ktroh wn.l to ahlro In iohl ood luoh, anti t00 fonsmer ho holds over your foolish ohl groanulfatr it wdi now never ho hl to uo. Ftrom mnutriotma de about hbimn o earn that ho 1. • big oolnlial buihlo. io couontry Is lull of hi. papan, purportng to on aooopteoooi of ouatomran who really do not extat, If one of those dolouments I. over dishonoredl, it means two yeaso for nim." i'.ayon 1" supplemoented Fairfalx. " Our onjcoo is to run down bthe ma0 who hba prompted him in many things, and I am ot suro, Mrs Lokhaley, that it is not the t sare who met you at Charing Crons this t evening. You say that he was under the average in size, apparently sixty years of ago, and with round shoulders V" " Yea," replied Dora. SIt in some one well-convereoat with oor movements," I'ranL oloserved; then he turned to Dora and continued : " It was only by the merest chance that I oee upon the soone so opportunely, Mrs Louotloy. This oevening, I rec:oivd telegram from Switzerland, in answer to t ly advortltomont, and I realy believe that t is from Lord Mordon himself." Dora gave a little gasp, and held out her hond for it, for, while spoetlng, Rogers hadf taooen it from his poooket-book. That in it: " FRnaNK l orirr, No. & Market Street, Hammsrrtotth, London :--A friend of Lord iorden will reply to you in person within forty.eiolght hours." "I beliovo that you are right, Mr Ingers," she said. "I bliovo tout my tatooer sent this with his own hands." " With the consent of Mr Fairfoo," went on Frank, "1 hastened to Rlichmond to impart the news to you, and hleard from :,.adame BIell that you had loft an hour earlier, to meet me, in answer to a tologram whloh I had never sent to you I You can itmagino my surprlse, and how 1 horriod akoh." "Altogethor, though," Fairfax obhsrvod, " it is a fortunate circunatanoo. Matters will be narrowed down to a very fine point within a few hours, I am sure." The pony oarriago was waiting for Dora at Richmond, but bofro sho parted with the two mon, the barrister asked : " Are you quite sure, Mru Lookaley, that you have never before seen the man who so nearly doped you to.night-or any one like him ?" "Only his tones seemed to be a little familiar,' she replied, "and that may be a moro suspicion." "I till not suggest any one," he oahld, little ,rdly, "but it is my firm oounvictlun that this is the man who is responaible flot whatever evil hasa beofallen your husband. We have now to get at the root of the motive to dissipato any doubth that may exist. The rascal, though he may have the cunning of a fiend, is nearly run to earth. The motive l Tne motive !" A few minutes more, and they parted, Dora to return to her lonely hearth-to her constant vigil, and the two young men to keep a late appointment with Peters, who had gone to "The Cedars" for ia two-fold purpose.-one was to osee his master, the other to show his hatred and contompt for Visaount Meflvilleo. "I wllh b oback to-night," he had said. "I will ha at the Temple at midnignt- tf 1 am alive 1" He laughed, and Fairfax begged of him to htave no ecreots from them. " Why should you think that I have any secrete s" he demanded. "' Because your manner is more than meio dramatro,' was the reply. Thon he looked earnestly at the barrister. " What I have kept to myself so for, is for the safety of my master," he said, " but I will not keep it after I have seen him. He does not yet know that his son-the son for whom he has sinned-is gone, perhaps, for over. The villain-- bt there I o will not say another word until I come back to night. You know whore I am going to 'Thu Cedars,' Streatham Hill ! if I do not comne bck, you wall know where to dnd my hody I" fle wont away, leaving Fairfax in an aun comfortable frame of mind. " Peters thinks that he knowsn something of importance," he told liogers, " butl shall soon begin to think that he is as irrespon siblo as his master. It seems on ant of kindnoes on the part of Molvillo to persuade Mr Lockuioy to return home under any pretencoe, thogh Peters attributro to him afuister motives. Why? They propounded many theories, but decided to do nothing further, until Petors came back, and were both anxoous and cx f.otdant, partlulsrly sinco the events which had landed Mr Ilchard Marlowe in prison. It was nearly twelve uo'lock when they roeahed the Temple, but there was no 'eutrs in sight. They went up to Fairfax's rooms, and the barrisatr produced a box of cigars, and some light wme. ' Let us make oursalves as comfortable on we can," Fairfax said. " I must confees hat thooo rooms and pars?ags hve a grue. mem fooling at night. The doathly silence, alter the bustle of the day, ia very depress ing. I should think an author would got plenty of in piration hoer for a complete budget of ghost satrica !" Iogers c,osed the door, with. shiver, and stirr?d up the dying orhbera of the lire. "Too wind hal a mournful sound," he obsorvod, "and the silence is only aooent uatdd by the tramp of the policeman who ,aosets veo y hour. Hark l Tour he gouts now !, "d Half-past twelve I I hope that Peters will no; forget his appop tment. lie promlsed to be hero in the pirit, if not in too being corporeal " A minut later, they heard a step on the paved court.yard, and Iogers stopped to too windowr. "it's P'eters, at last I" he exclaimed. " Hallo I Therea 'somebody after him. Bly Hoaven I it's the man with the hump-the man who docoyed Mrs Lookleyy I t' " Nvnaensso I ejaoulated the barriator, as he jumpd to his fot. " By George, Rogers, you are rght i' They heard Peters on the stairs, and Fair fax turned to goet a light, whleo R.gers wahked to the door. " Hold," interrupted the barriter. " He nowv his way. Lt hm gut to the top hoforo we show ourselves, lest we startle our friend with the hump. We must oaptaro that gentleman ' The foouttops came nearer ; then there was?a oppruoervo silenco, followed by ferrible thud-thud, and a scream of mortal agony. PY.eogrs dashed open the door, while Fair fat reroalod a horrohlo etght, almost at their fot, as ho held aloft the lamp that he had snatohed from the table. CHAPITEIt XLVI. TIuE VALEr .VNar Ills riEiml . Poters went to "tThe edars" to eoo hin master. Io hadrtooivodanurgontsummons trom te weak old ano, and ohe olt that it wa hi. duty to obey ; he felt it was his duty to unm t \'Visoount Melvlle, at any cost. It was noon when he arrived, and he rang the bhll at the outer gate in a droce, per emptory manner. Toe lodgekepoher hdmitted him ateonce. 'eora had always beon known for his utau otolo temper, but to-day there was some thing almust wild in his daeoplot tyes. "" s the master welll' he demanded. "1 havo heatd of nothing to the contrary, esters," the lodlge-keeper replied. "IloIro you seen .Mr .dmund Lookeley hore lately?' ".No." l'Peters' eyes bisd with fury, and an oath grated through his olouohod tooth. " "Curts him Tile rohaitond stllra 0n5wer to mo t" flt strode away, but wheeled round hbruptlr, and continued : "I 1s hltoount elolvillo at the house V" "No." replied the lodgohkopeor. " Ha ment out an hour sanee for a galUop. " Aud Sir i;rorgo Moncrieti 1" Thooe wm a strange smile on the valet's faoo, tnd a sneer ourrod his lips. " I haven't seen himfor days. The butler fold me that he had gone on on thae drink Io shlruggod hi. shouldeoo in oontompt, aond Petos passed on, fughogt softly. flu walked ato the house, and having Ina qluard fron o footn?ta the wheretbouto el oit master, turned to go up stairo, when he taw Lady Cr?co 1nlrortr wmu at hIs elbfow. Lio eyed her hslffpisyiagly, snd wvuloo Oave rontinuad on his way, had shu not froasted hira by the sharp esaoulotton of hls "s Yes, my lady l" 00on0 word with you, hollow mo into yoodsr room pituss." Sho ipokso wit a oertih hautour sod neidity that nettled the valet, but he obeyed he command, and waited for her to con inno, bins attitude one of defianoe. "' Peter'," said Lady Glare, "does it not >ccur to you that you have forgotten the pecot duo to your employers " SWherein have I failed, my lady " he ;amended. " This in insoleonce I" said Lady Clane, caughtlly. '"I will not ergue with a cenlal." She, tamped one foot angrily. "I have onot nought aoy argument," re Lerted Petore. "I am here to aee my maeeter." "Whom you have shamefully negleoted, wtile you have been indulging your pasnelo fr drink. I will not permit you to see Sr I.okehley. Yon are in no lit atate to attend upon your master I" The valet eyed her keenly. "I ah no dIrunkard, my lady !" he said, irmly, but reepeotfully. M' My appoaraOen may he a little wild, but it s not caused by the indulgence tC which you autribute It. It in not difficult to guess who has pot this into your mind, but I will rechekon with hie later I" IHo brought his heavy figt down with a crash that nearly split the table near which he was stanudin. "First, Sir George Moncriefl, then my young mastero It will ha my tarn next, unlesIget Ian a quick and decinire blow. Lady Clara, year partner in crime will prove too much for yon." Io turned, but she sprang toward him, with orhen taco and dileting eyes. "My father and Mr Edmund," she whispered, hoarsely as sheba clutched at his ehoulder with tingern that seemed, for the moment, to he tranferrld into eagle's talons. My father and Edmund--the man I have laed. the man I love even now I Peters, tod ehall ll me your horrible meanings I" The valet paused; then nhook vff her grasp, end answered : S"Akr your honurable cousin-th io e? nount I Hoe left the room, end strode np stairs, ith hasty feet ; he knocked at his master's dooeer. then entered, and was greeted with a cry of joy. "I eared that you were not coming- that you had denetted me, as Edmund hae," said Norman Locheksly. " It is good of you to omae, Potere, very good of you. After your hard words to the viscount, it was hind of him to suggest that I should send feor you. I believe that we have miasjudged him, Peters ; he is not so bad as we tnueght him to be, and has gone to see if he can indce my san to come home, only for an hour or two. I shall not die in peace until Shave his forgiveness. I never aw a mn eo completely penitent, and he loses all that he has ,hemed for, unless Edmaund chooses to he genrous." Peters controlled himself by a strong effort, then replied, ambiguonely : "I am nn friend of the vlsoonunt master,. and it wouad be well not to discnse his aerits until the proper time arrives ; and 1 warn you to be prepared for terrible things." He parried many questions while he oueled himself about the room, arranging hie master's wardroho ; he dared not tell his enowledge and his suspicions yet. " I shall not stay with you tonight, eir,' he said, later in the day. "I have soame friends to meet In the city ; it is an engage ment that cannot be brooken." "But youen will come to-morrow, Psleter And yen will wait until my son omes ?n want you to be present when he returns with Melville." " I will wait," replied the valet, and his master wan satisfied. It had been dark Fome time, when the iseount'e horsn entered throungh the drive. oe had heard from the lodge-keeper of Peter's anrrival and he came upstairs at "Well, Peters," ho said, smilinglyn "I hope that yoe have recovered your good unmor." At the same time he east at him a glanc, full of warning, adding: "I wonld Iikoe to ee you alone by and by. to that we can patch up our little minundorstandlng." The valet glowered at him. and nodded. n"I am at yoer service," he said. "I have resolved upon a ettlement this night." The viresnot smiled, and turning to Mr Lckneloy, said, with the utmost sangfroid: 'tI have good and bad news for you, old friend. I have been to iohmoned, bht was n.t succeessful in seolcg Edmud. Both ha and his young wife have gone to eville, to epend their honeymoon, but I have sent himn o urgent telegram." Str Lokesley's bande clasped and an clasped themselves In a quick, nervous anhner ; then he shaded his ey to hide the tears that came into them. " He will ever forgive me," he moaned, ' Why should he be so ncruel And yet, I desorve It." " It is not that," Melville said. soothingly. " Youan must not forget the claims that ha has open him nw. 1 am sere that we ebail hear trom hn m soon." For a little while, Norman Lonkeley gave eant to his grief ; then Peter wished him oodnlght. pramislng to return the anext day, and left the room with the viscount, a terrible smile playing about his hard lips. Without a word, illville led the way to the library, and after turning the key in the dooeer, politely aed the valet to be seated. "There Is no need Cor that," replied Peters, "and a very few words will show lou what aort of man you have to deal " I understand what yon allude to," said Melville, sorrowfully. ' ou witnessed any quarrel with poor Sir George; blt I swear eat he struck me frot. I returned the blow, and he was dead before I could drag him from the pond. It was a most dangerou place, and I have had it illed In. His fate ntil never be dlecovered, if I can make terms with yon." "Then these are easily named." the valet nswererd. "Tell me what you have done nith my young master, and I will give youen a week's start of the police." Ie threat hin hands deep into his pockets, nd looked MIelvillo squarely in the eyer. "I have my answer," he added, with frce intensity. " It is you who have had a hand in his muder; anod now what i' ther etween you and a grand inheritance Speny ohl mwn. whose mind and body are weakened by illness and a bittl.r remorse. I. that all that stands between you and wealth? Neo l You have me to deal with, yon scheming, murderous tlend I" Ioim muscular right hand flashed within n inch of Melvlille's ashen face. " You have me to deal with; a man as implacable as the fate that overshadows ;u"Peters " groaned the viscount, " do not alarm the hoauo ; and hear me ewear, before all I hold sacred, that I know nothing of my poor friend, Idmund looseloy. Glee me welve hours In which to prove It. Do noet eondemn me In thin way. Iemember the honer of my family. I will meet you any where you like to name, to-morrow, and I will bring proofl-absolute proof, that Edmund tied when he know that his father wa. a murderer, I will bring proof that he livo "' tie oeyes weore filled with wild appeal, and Peters wavered. " My lips arcsealnd," he baid, at length, "until noon, tomorrow. Sleet one at the housm from nwbncu you eajoled my mnater, I give you until noon. Not a minut longer I" 'I will he there," Melville deelared, fervently, "I anu going," naid the valet, "Open that door foreme, and etand aeide. I do oat want an unenpected stab, or a chot in the back. The mernaets would be told that I had becen Inolent-intoxiuated, and bed attsoced you. Goodnl-ght. Theno yen !"' lIe lft the library, anl stalked into tLh eorridor, Slelcille holding the door ceia? npmnn, a horrible smile on his distorted fIee, P'eter put on his bat, and walked ort into the night, tle did not look benk cove ; he did not oven say goodnight to tlie lod.- beeper, rwhe be ycanned, him, hut celnhd wlh nqaivb stepetctl,? ? l t lncynctetinr. There was mo train for twenty minutes, and he paced tine pl.tioren Impatlently. Ichullihln'lae," Inthought. "I have to meet Slr Felerfn and Mdr orgers. It in eleven now;I eannot get to the Tempie until past twelve." He wae right, for the train dee at ant"' night did not get into Ludgato Hill until abont half-past twelve. Peters strode rapidly along Fleet.ltreet, lls head bent in thought. He did not dream that he wan being followed by a man un a gray salt. What had he to fear where it was almost as light as day ? He turned into tio Temple, and the man lnetenod his movements, keeping well in the ehadow. IIo stumbled up the atone stops leading to the barrinter's chembere, and the man lashed across the paved court, and into th.e dark passage after him. Petern hall turnud, when he felt a sharp pain in his aide, anud saw the flash of steel Again the weapon pieroad him, and he ntsggarod ;then gathering himself together. ho launnhed out hlis heavy right hand, and struck blindly at hins uaailann. It was an explring effort, bt the force of the blow wuas terrific. His clenched fist crunshed into the asesnain'a face, and hurled him over the iron balustrade. that guarded the spiral stair-way-hurled him as though he had been but a feather's weight-into the black aest thirty feet below. An agonized cry etartlad the echoes of the solemn eloieteres lollowed by a horrible thud; but Peters brard neither, for he had toppled over, dead to all knowledge of the world, his lila-blood gahing from tawo ugly wounds. Then it wan that the barrister'n door wan thrown open, and a flood of light revealed the ghastly sceno. (To be Continued). 