Use time well, and you will get from hie hand mows than he will take from yours. When you find yourselves over- poweieu, as it were, oy meianonoiy, the best way is to go out and do something kind to somebody. 'A keen look at the wolf at your door may show him to be the ghost of your bad-management and shift- lessness.' The most dangerous hole in a man's pooket is the one at the top. The premier has decided to grant »zuu to tne oiiKgrowers .association in furtherance ot a promise made by the late Premier, Sir George Bibbs. It seems that the eeare about the adulteration of Australian butter with margarine has no foundation in faot after all, investigations have dis- olosed the interesting fact that a che- mioal change takes place in the com position of butter which is kept in a cold store for a long period. Several boxes whioh had been stored fc; 0 months wero examined, and it wus found that 14 per cent, of the butter hadboen converted into animal fat, and tbe Btuff presented exaotly tho same appearance as if it had been mixed with that proportion of mar garine. This is a very important dis- anirnm) n«i<3 i'fl £a4a1 4/\ ofAmnm nilt+aw UVI V Cl J UUU AO AU.lSk kW OkVAAUg WUkllOA for any length of time. Some interesting oas?3 were heard at Tuesday's sitting of the Central Division annual lifoensing Bench, when Inspector Lenthall, who some (rmj ago aotively proseouted a num ber of publicans for keeping for sale grog whioh was unfit for human can- sumption, objected, in eases of simi lar nature, to the Benoh renewing the licenses for the houses. Evidenoe was given in over / instance that tho liquor on being analysed was found to either contain an excess of fusel oil or else traces of essences and methylated spirit, and was- wholly un fit for human consumption. The defence of the publicans was that uiey Knew nouung or tne aeiotenous mailer whioh was undoubtedly in the l'quor, that they had bought from the brewer aad wine and spirit merchant in good fai n, and knew nothing of (he ndul'errtion. As a rale it was admitted that the spirit was watered. The Government Analyst sa'd that fusel oil was a neoessary port of whisky, and on this assuranoe and +he statement that pnblioans would hardly derive any heneut from aading it the Bench in cases where this was the only complaint granted the re newals.. Renewals were granted in most of the other cases also, the Bench being satisfied from the evi denoe that the publicans had not add ed the deleterious matter to the spirit. The evidence inferred that the liquor was iu the state the analysis revealed before it got into the hands of the Sydney wholesalers. Representatives of the wholesale houses were present on Tuesday to give evidenoe if re quired. 