THE EVIDENCE OF THE SENSES. ' I believe in putting everything on a scientific basis,' said big Eomayne, senten tiously. We were Bitting out in the verandah at Taringa enjoying hia Havanas and 'ton-year- old.' It was Christmas Eve, and someone had touched on spiritualism. ' What we call the supernatural is probably in a line with the laws of Nature after all,' Baid Briiuow. He was a corresponding member o£ the Psychical' Society, and his opinion carried weight. 'You believe in ghosts, then, doctor?'' asked Jeffreys, the new bank-manager, while Romayne passed the bottle. 'I can answer that question best by relating my personal ex perience of them,' replied Briinow. ' Some years ago (in '85 I think) I ac cepted an invitation from my friend Lee, of the Afteenoon Messengee, to spend a fortnight at his place at Burwood. It was a cloister-like abode, The Bookery, and old-fashioned, roomy, weather-board mansion, wjth a low verandah running all round it, perennially Bhaded by : tall sentinel pines which, though welcome on Sum mer days, sighed and wailed on Winter nights like lost bouIs in anguish. Of course it was haunted. Old residents among the trades people had seen many tenants in possession, but all had left before their term, cheerfully sacrificing some rent for comfort. Lee, who had bought it right out for a song, gave me a complete history of tho place ou the first evening of my stay. The original owner of The Bookery (the haunted house, as the storekeepers referred to it) having a conscien tious objection to life, had mortally cut his throat one fine morning. The body, bathed in blood, was discovered by the housekeeper. who at once fled to a neighbor s ^lth the news. On her return (with a policeman) to the bed-room no corpse was to be seen — body and blood had mysteriously vanished. Ever Bince, at regular intervals, the spirit of the Buicipe had been heard inside at night knock ing at the door for admittance. YeB, it was the front bed-room — mine temporarily. Lee added the hope that I would sleep all right. The hope was realised for that night at least, and I awoke in the morning — feeling fit and refreshed. In a week the fresh air of the sylvan retreat completely cured me of my urban complaint — insomnia. On the ninth day, between 1 and 2 a.m. was awakened by a double 'rat-tat' upon what I took to be the door panel. ' Come in,' I shouted, thinking that Lee wanted something, perhaps. I rubbed my eyes and listened intently, but there was no response. Then I remembered whose room I was occupying. I am not a physical coward, but I felt ray blood run chill. It was pitch dark and a cold winter's night. I determined, however, to see the matter out, and relinguishing the warm blankets, I got up and lit the gas. Putting on a dressing-gown and slippers, I selected my stoutest walking-stick, and took up a sitting position by the door, watching with every sense alert like a cat that smells vermin. Patiently for half an hour I waited, and was just dropping off to Bleep in the chair when the knocking was repeated, louder than before. I had the door open in a trice, and ihe gaslight streaming into the passage — revealed to my astonished eyes — ' 'I'll trouble you for the whisky, Jeffrey,*' the doctor broke off, calmy. The bank manager hesitated to obey. ' What did you see,' he asked, voicing the general impatience. ' Nothing,' said Briinow, rising and helping himself. Everyone roared 'An hallucination, of course,' said Bomayne. ' Nothing so psychological,' explained the doctor. ' I took advantage of Lee's absence (he was a grasa-widower, by the way) in town next day to test the door with my knuckles. It was solid — an operation on the adjacent wall — a hollow one of wood — resulted in the discovery of a broken lath, which vibrated audibly on being touched. The ghost of The Bookery was a rat.' ? ' Moral — don't trust: your ears,' said our host, chuckling. ' . . t ' But I know men who've seen ghosts,' per sisted the unconverted bank manager. _. 'Sight is even less reliable than hear-' ing,' commented Brunow, lighting a fresh cigar. 'In investigating the 'super natural,' therefore, it is very neces sary that one should cultivate im partial judgment based on the result of accurate and olose observation. The average mind is naturally prone to jump to 'mys terious' conclusions. The Murrumbidgee ghost is a case in point. ' '? 'But first another nip,' said Bomayne, ''it's getting chilly.' The doctor took a gulp and continued. ' A day or two bofore I entered upon my practice at Wagga, the , decapitated body of a navvy, name unknown, was found on the.xiver's bank, a short stone's throw from the surgery. The head of the corpse, which was missing, was subsequently recovered from the river by the police after three days spent in dragging. Consulted pro fessionally ' in the matter, I waa only able to add — what was obvious — viz.- that the crime had been committed with a razor in the hand of a powerful assailant. Body and head wero, of course, interred after the inquest, but it was a long while before what waa known as _ ' The MyBtery ' ceaBed to provoke disoussion. Personally, I had been much impressed with the appearance the corpse presented. As an operation tbe . severance of the carotid artery aud Bpinal cord was a work of considerable BUrgical skill, and betrayed previous knowledge. But with my admiration of the performance my nterest in the case ended. ' Some months after the murder I was rouBod one evening' about half-past 11 by a piercing scream outside my bedroom window. Some thing had evidently frightened my black cockatoo, ' Jack,' whom I could hear flutter ing about iu his cage under tho verandah. I opened the French window to quieten him, and ascertain if possible the cause of the alarm, when, as distinctly as I see you now, Jeffreys, I saw the nebulous itnage of a man, erect, dressed in rough working clothes, and headless, ou the sand between me and the river. Jack had coaeed his crie3 by this time, and indeed I had forgotten him. As I Jooked — wide awake as I am now — for fully a minute, fascinated with the wonder of the thing, it extended one arm in the direction of the river, the other pointed upward. Then it receded, gradually becoming fainter and fainter, uncil it completely vanished — into ihe air apparently. I moved Jack's cage inside, and getting into bed again was soon fast asleep.' ' it was a warning, I suppose,' said Jeffreys. Eomayne laughed. 'Pity he didn't appear in the. first instance to the police. Inconsiderate beggar.' ' What's the scientific explanation of the apparition p' I asksd. ' A case of _ Fself-hypnofcisation,' replied Briinow, with evident relish. ' Upon the retina had beenfor the time impressed a virtual image, thrown as the result of ' suggestion,' by tho excited brain-lobes — temporarily, and as a consequence ? of sudden emotion. J was in a state of clairvoyance — enjoying a ' olearness of vision ' which enabled me to see that which my will, acting unconsciously, had directed. It is a recognised phenomenon of the hypnotic Btate.' 'Exactly my own idea,' said Eomayne, and looked at his watch. It was the witching hour. 'But what was at the bottom of the cookatoo's fright?' asked Jeffreys. Dr. Brunow smiled. 'A tin-tack,' he said. Then everybody turned in. — Walden Pine. 