,She Extravagant 611ml u Legend Of the Hindu legonds the most striking feature is their wildness. Is it a protest against the dull monotony of life in India? Or is life less monotonous to the native than to the European ? Lsl Behari's tales, any how, are wilder than tlio wildest bits of the "Arabian Nights." A yeung man puts an egg of tho toontoonia bird into a oupboard, end out of it oomos a babe that grows into tho loveliest girl the world over saw. The mannik stone in somo snakes' heads is worth the wealth of soven kings. In a certain oity an elephant is king maker, bat the king of his choice only roigns a day, for out of the queens month comes a threadlike snake, whioh slays him in the bridal chamber. A -long-lost son, who had fallen in love with his mother, and has mounted the aow-houss 'roof that ho may break in and carry her off, happily hoara hia life's story from two oalvos that are quietly disoussing him below. A wile going out of doors (on a dark night aooi- dentally knoaks up against a Sankohinni, white lady ghost, that oat oa a low branoh. The revengeful creature at once took her by the throat, thrust her into a hole in tho treo, .and went in, taking her shape so aoniplolely that the mother-in-law, that universal inmate lot the Hindu hat, was doeoived. The only idifferenoo was that, whereas the wife had been weak and languid, the ghost was brisk and satire. " Sho has turned over a new leaf ; so muoh the better," said the mother-in-law, (When the errands and the aooking were done in noxt to no timo. But one day the old .woman oaught sight of the ghost fotohing something from the next room ghost fashion, by stretching out a long arm— for ghosts can strotoh their limbs a great way, though not j&s; far as Rakshasis eon. Ska said nothing, (but told hoc son, and tboy watched, and be- Ifore long thoy saw tho kitohon hearth ablazo, (though they know there was no fire in tho jhoueo. Looking through a chink they Baw (that the wife had thrust her foot into the oven, and that it was burning like a bit of wood. " Bho's a ghost," thoy whisporod, ns flhey went for tho ojha, who tested her by burning tumeric under her nose. Sho proved -her ghostsbip by aoreaming, and waa then beaten with slippers till she oonfossed and showed where the real wifo was, and was again beaten till sho promised never to do the family any farther harm.— All the Yeai HounA, 