Apple Canker. Although many years have elapsed since the life-history of the canker fungus (Nec tria ditissima), see illustration, has been worked out by the mycologist, the majori ty of practical fruit growers do not yet seem to fully recognise the fact that the parasite in question is the direct cause of the disease, and that-while every endea vor should be made to remove any un suitable conditions of growth that may predispose to, and thus act as indirect causes of, canker- it is essential that steps should be taken to destroy or check the parasite itself. It is not surprising that the "rank and file" of practical gardeners should fail to attach sufficient importance to the life work of the destructive fungus, for nearly all our leading pomologists have, in their published writings, treated this portion of their subject in a manner that is in the highest degree unsatisfactory. Some wri ters, when dealing with canker and its causes, ignore the fungus altogether; this is playing "Hamlet" without the ghost. Others, while admitting that it may do something towards aggravating the com plaint, regard its effects as of quite secon dary importance. Others again look upon the fungus as an effect rather than as a cause. Thus, for instance, a well-known authority in a recently published and otherwise excellent little book on fruit culture says, with reference to Nectria ditissima, "although this fungus may be present in all canker wounds, yet it is probably only an accompanying effect and A B.-"ANKER IN APPLE, SHOWING FRO GRESS OF THE DISEASE. HALF NATURAL SIZE. not the cause of the disease." In the eame work is given a woodcut intended to represent the fungus; but the inaccuracy, of the drawing compels one to suppose that it is the work of someone who has never examined the organism" under the microscope. The fact of such an illus tration being admitted indicates the slight Importance attached to the fungus by the author. Many similar instances might be cited, but my present purpose is not so much to criticise the work of my superiors as to urge the necessity of directly attacking the parasite under consideration, in addi tion to adopting the preventive measures usually recommended. In other words, our warfare with fungoid pests should be offensive as well as defensive, if we desire to obtain a complete mastery over them. 