mostly up North, It took about ten men and a foot from half-past-eeveu till ten minutes pest 11 at the AlLcit Hall on Mon day night to get oat of the Unim proved Capital Value tangle and try end explain it to abont 1500 people, Tbe idea of (the promoters was to get Attorney -General Clarke to whistle first bat he wouldn't show oat and after, Mayor Ferrall got tilings in fair order.Sir Edward opened the ball, and he evidently dtdn't like the job. He was cold and pedantic, and the people started to yawn early. Henry warmed matters, and Dobson fanned the blaze. Then Attorney General had bis fling and got a pow«r of eloquence off his chest in a few minutes. The eoldier parson Woolnongh, couldn't get along with Eis subject very well as he seemed to be thinking what a grand crowd it was to slip the collection plate into. Hartnoll hit Ministers mighty hard in vulnerable parls, bat Mr. McDonald didn't have half a show as the hoar was late. However, the meeting was dead against the Government scheme and a motion to that effect was carried by abont 400 *o 60. Towards the last tilings became lively, and some of the more impatient of the audience got to slinging mad ; bat there was never a blow struck, and everyone was qnile calm next morning. The outcome of tbe meeting will be that tbe Northern members will be asked to speak in their various constituencies aud then we shall have a grand time. In years to come, when the electric light is relegated to the things that are called old fashioned, a few old tombstones will toll the imperishable tale of tbe construction of the works. The operations at Duck Reach have just claimed tbe second victim. A mass of earth about two tons in weight fell on poor Jimmy McKay, a Brown's River native, and he was dead in an instant. No one could explain why the accident occnred, of course — tbe man was killed, that's all about it, and seven ' good men and trne ' took care to specially mention that no blame was attach able to anyone ; therefore it served the man right to be killed, though he was proved to be a careful and capable miner. That is generally a jury's logic. McKay was a smart artilleryman and he was accorded a soldier's funeral. The threepenny ' pops ' are all the go with as just now — I mean the Early Closing Association concerts held every fortnight. Formerly, the Lannceston people didn't care much for a local show unless the programme was as long as a clothes prop and the show wound np with a gift distribution. »ut the secretary, Fletcher, the en gineer of the Early Closing Asso ciation, has got them alright. When it was decided to run these mnsioal evenings, he wooed them in with a brass band and a three I penny ticket, and gave them a strong bill of fare. How it did catch on ? The large hall of the Mechanics' Institute was so full ton tninntos after the doors were 'opened that if a man wanted to laugh he had to hold his head up in the air : the audience were so tightly packed. It was thought that this crush w«nld soon cool down, bat it got worse, and it became so bad that to prevent people doing a doss on the stairs the night before, eo that they could get an early seat, it was decided to use the Town Hall opposite to catch the overflow. The same pro gramme could be presented in each place for instance, the firafc part in the Mechanics Institute would be the second at the Town Hall and vice versa. How some of he human mollnscs did smile at this arrange ment to be sure, but what, was the result P Both places on Tuesday I night were packed, and there were [ enough eager to spend their tliree I ' pences as would till even another I decent sized hall. Oh, the Laun I ceston people are not greedy, but I they like a lot for their money at I the same time ! It is with them, I ? ' nothing for nothing and very I little for sixpence.' It is now coii I templated to roof in the Market I Square for tbe next concert. I Great as was the success of St. I John's Church Miustrel show, the I convent ball wiped its eyes com I pletely on Wednesday night last. I The huge floor was alive with I dancerB, and there were about a I couple of thousand spectators, the I galleries being packed like ear I dines in a barrel. Mr. and Mrs. I Government House were ihesJe fenced off in a corner, and 'bis mighty riverinee' the worthy dean of the Church of the Apostles wbs there too, but he could not be' wooed into ' takin tbe flure.' As the dean looked from the vice regal rest and surveyed (he living mass, the brilliancy of the decorations, the voluptuous swirl of the fairieB of the floor gliding through tbe ' maey waltz,' the exquisite muBto, the gaiety, the ' life,' verily, he thought, it, was the most ungodly show, and it was for the convent, too ; and he exclaimed (though I didn't hear him), like the famous Gobo in the Bells of Normandy : — ' Oh where are we all going to.' You see, the dean is a very sensitive man.andworldlynjattersoftkiskind with which he has anything to do always upset him. I shonld'nt wonder if he is not prostrated with grief in a week. ' Pelican Point,' or ' The Corner,' where the scrip pedlars mostly do congregate, is almost de serted to-day, Thursday. Most ot them are at the Supreme Court watching tho proceedings against Mr. J. A. Lyril, who is being charged with forging certain docu ments in connection with the West Volunteer mine. In the hearts of some of the most interested on lookers there are 'heaps of trouble,' as it is feared this nnpleasant little affair won't stop here, but- will go a bit farther. There is a sort of a 'It might be my turn next,' kind of feeli'ig- about a few, and they don't feel . apjiy. The very name of the Supreme Court is like a ghost story to children — it makes them shiver. However, the case collapsed all of a sudden. It was not strong enough even for a jury to consider, anil Mr. Lyell stepped out of court to receive ttie congratulations of the ciowrl. 