FREE SPEECH. THE LANDLORD RING. The property qualification is a magnificent conception, specially designed to ran creation as it Hlinuld be run, that is, in the in terests of every lontf- lieaded sbark tli at has had a bit of luck, money grubbers and such ilk, and their progeuy. If there are any heretics to this doctrine, let him read bis morning newspaper, and it be can understand the windy rcreed, then let him recant and become clothed nnd in his light mind. By this unique* and perfect piece of political macbineir complete control is maintained, through the Upper Houses of Parliament, over the obtuse and ignorant people, who having no money or property can not possibly possess brains, seeing that the veriest fool can save money. It is a queer world! Hut it is in the Municipal Council that ' pzu petty ' is particularly strong. The latest developmeut ia unique and arises out of the anomaly that Hobart has been found to possess at leatt one iust landlord. Beino waited upon by his tenantry with the modest request for a reduction in their rent, owing to the bad times he granted the boon. Then another landlord rose up in indigna tion against the possible conse t|uences of the lenient man's action, foreseeing the possibility of the rent ring being broken down, and being a man of ' influence ' he suc ceeded in getting the taie? of the weak- hearted renegade doubled, or nearly bo. Now if that landlord had only turned ont hie tenants, or pat vuil*«2 UHU11HD IUIUU11V UVUDt) DUU lOLlf the others vacant, he could perhaps have reaped a profit by not psying taxes ; but there is no ronm in the londlord ring for any philantbropi cally inclined individual to do good to his fellow man nnd ease hie own conscience. POOR AND* HELPLESS TASMANfANS. The unemployed are again in evidence following up the usual KpiritleFs, and, therefore almost useless agitation. At a public meeting held on Thursday night f.t the Mayor's Court Room Mr. Midson read a statement in which he accused the Government of send ing men away to the cojst, just to get them off the streets, not caring wllplllcr fripv sfjarvnH at. A that nnn of the officials of a steamship com pany hud decoyed men to whete olhois were starring in order to get their passage money?. Even if a man got work on the Lyell Railway he started with a debt of £2 lit. (51, the cost, of tent, shovel, and pnssatrp, and then found himself dismissed to make room for another viciim as roou as the dwbt was paid off. The contractors wore likewise getting labor from Melbonrne, leavtug the ?' poor helpless Ta^maniaus ' out in the cold. Tlio speaker just hit it on the right he.id theie, but -|uife unintentionally. So long us I ho average Tasmanian only cultivates enuiili biains by which to hang out a miserable ex istance on whatever monopoly and charity choses to give him, he deserves all he get* nnd a slice more in addition ; but when he gives up 'working' a petition to g«-t a public meeting at which he can do a growl and grumble, or fill the humbler roll of one who ap plaud?, when he gives up all that kind of humbug and goes in for solid and persistent organisation on political lines to educate himself mid compatriots. Then the poor helfilesH Tasmanian will no louger be at toe mercy of any *' jumped-up toff,' Victorian or rajsmanian, A deputation appointed at the meet ing is to wait upon the Pronri-r, and Tub Clipper is of opinion that that superanuatod Indian offioiil will havo no difficulty with his visitors; after he baa looked at them and of coarse jadioionsly snubbed -h*ra as 'hflpless Tus mnnians,' they will take up their pr-per position as mippK mts with the iisnal claptrap solicitations. THE FAT MAN* IN VICTORIA Tho Turner (Vic.) Government is «rne to name. It has miserably backed down to the Upper House in the land value tax legislation. It is proposed to meet the lack of the revenue expected from the Land Tax by increasing the tax on in. comes under the name of a Wealth Tax, and withdraw the subsidy to municipalities. The ' poor farmer ' will save his Land Tax, but will have to rate himself double to keep his roads and bridges in repair, and at the same time cheerfully pay his ordinary wnaoK of customs duties. The apostles of Fat in Victoria have been reading np a bit lately, and have made the discovery that the Wealth Tax can be passed on to the worker much handier than a Land Value Tax can. Consequently they have sworn to die in their boots before submitting to the latter form of raising revenue. Had Premier Turner been possessed of the ghost of a backbone, quite a number of fat persons would now be pointing the toes of their tan shoes towards the stats, and Victoria would hare a reasonable excuse to jubilate. ? - 