; ; THE M1NUEL I (SBANBtATBD FllOir THE VltENCH OF GUT ' DX MAUPASSANT.) : , "loan support great mlafortunos witli equanimity/' said Loon Bridelie, nn old bachelor, reputed sopptienl. " When a soldier on the battle-field I;stepped over .corpses without 'emo tion.- Tho orueltios of nature, or of mon- inspire horror and indignation, but tboy do not give that aontraotion of the heart— that shudder whioh wo feel at the sight of cartain small' but touobing incidents.- What anguish equals that of a mother when' hor child is taken from hor— that of a man when death beroavos him of his mother? Their torment is. violent ; it rends and overwhelma, but thoy reoover from those catastrophes an from deep, bleeding wounds. Whereas certain modtinge, certain things, half-seen but underetood, certain secret sorrows and misfortunes awaken in- us a world of painful thoughts, whioh abruptly push ajar the mysterious door of'moral suffer ing — suffering whioh is compli cated, ineurable, deeper because of its eeeming mildness, more - painful booauee of its impalpability, tenaci ous in its. unreality, leaving in the eoul a shade of sadness, a drop of bitterness, a sensation of diseaohant- raent, which we aro long'in casting off. Memory constantly recalls to me two or three things whioh others assuredly would not have remarked, but which penetrated me.like sharp, inourablo Btings. You will not, .perhaps, understand that' I yet re member and suffer from impressions so qulokiy .conveyed. ' I will speak to you of hut onp:; it iB of, long ago, but as vivid as if of yesterday. , 1 \- I am now 60 years old ; then 1 was young and' studying to ' he a lawyer. . Spmewhat aa4 and dreamy of toinperament, imbued with a melancholy philosophy, I had no tasto for noisy bar-rooms, brawling companions or coarso women. I was an early riser, and one of my greatest pleasures was to walk alone, about 8 o'olock in the morning, in the nursery garden of the Luxem bourg, Oh, that garden! It seemed to have heen .forgotten by a previous century, and was as lovely as the soft smile of an aged woman. Thick hodgos, unceasingly trimmed to prhn precision by the gardener's shears, separated its narrow, regular paths, and . hero and there were partorrea of bright, blooming flowers, boarders of shrubs as exactly ranged as a baud of oollogians out for a walk, lines of magnificent" jrosoa or regiments of fruit trees, "A whole corner of this delightful - grove was inhabited by boes. Their Btraw houses, skilfully arranged on planke, openod to tho eun doors as large as a thimble, and all along the paths one met their buzzing, golden tenants, sole owners of that peaceful epot and its, long, tranquil walks. I went there almost every morn ing and road, seated on a bonch. Often I would let my book fall upon my knees to dream, to listen to the sounds around me, and enjoy "the infinite repose of that garden of a by-gone day. Very soon I perceived that I was not its only early froquenter, for I often met, f ape to face, a strange, little old man. He wore shoes with silver buckles, a long snuff-brown coat, a lace frill instead of a cravat, and a' remarkable gray hat, wider brimmed and furry, that made one think of the deluge. He was ' thin, very thin, angular, smiling of aspect, but :with swift facial contortions. His lceon eyes were ooustaxi'tly agitated- by' 'a con vulsive moyemont of the ('eyelids, and he always oarriod o superb gold- headed cane. The old fellow astonished mo at first, then i .began to grow greatly interested in. him. I looked for hie coming, and followed him from afar, stopping at the turnings lest he should perceiyo me. One morning, believing himself alone, he began, a . series of singular movements. First, a few light bounds, then a low bow. Next, he cut ' with his frail lege quite a sprightly caper, and then he began to turn briskly round and xound,. skipping, frisking, in such a droll way, and Bmiling as if to an audi, ence. Then he ourved his arms, assuming graceful poBturee, twisting bis alight puppet's body, and salut ing spaoe with innumerable gestures at once affceting. and ridiouloua. He. was danoing." , I stood looking at him, so/surprised athis ourious notions, that- 1 began, to doubt the. man's sanity. Bnt suddenly, he stopped; ad vanced as aetors do upon the stage,, bowed «nd recreated with smiles and comedy kisses,, that he threw, with ais trembling, hand; to two rows 4. trees before .him, then with the ut-1 .most gravity, he continued hie pro menade. From that dayT .observed h'im attentively; and each', day he- recommenced his strange, perform-: 'bhoe. I experienced a . great- desire to' eppak tb him, and', after"; havingj bowed, I risked ; ; v We arojhaving ; an' exceptionally; 'returned "Ye e, sir; the weather . is - quite:- r»fhatwe'u'sod to have.!''1' 1 , A week later were friends, and - I. kneW. .His history. He had been1 douolng -master at the Opera, in the time.;- of Louis XY,; his beautiful cane 'wdd a' present from the Count de Clermont;, and' whon we spoke of dancing, he grow enthusiastic to suoh an extent that he talked with out ceasing, ' One day be confided to me. "I married La Oastris, Sir. 1 will pro- i'ent you to her, if yeu wish, butsho J on iy combs here later in the day. -This garden, you see; is our pleasure and, our life. It is all that is left us of, the past. It seems to us that .we could/not live if we.had it no longer. It 'is so old, 00 unique in its beauty, is-it notP Tile air that I breathe hero eeeme as invigorating as it was when I was young. My wife and I pose all our afternoons in this sppt, but 1 como in the early morning aleo it is so lovely then." . We separated, but that same after noon I returned to the Luxombourg, and soon perceived my friend eere'-- moniousiy giving his arm to a little woman, very old and all in blaok. "With courtly formality ho presonted me to her. She was indod La Castris, that famous danseuse who had won adulation and love from king and princess, who had been courted aud worshipped by all in that gallant century which seemB to have left in the world an odour of love. Wo sat down on a bench of stone. It was the month of May. Flowers perfumed the air, and the bright sun shone through the leoveB, bathing us in warmth and light. Thore was no one noar in the gsrdon. From afar came the eouud of passing vohioles. " Toll me, will you not/' said I to the old man, " what was the minuet ?" Ho started from his seat. "The minuet, sir, it wns the queen of dances, and the dance of queens ; hut it no longer exists. Our kings are gone ; the minuet has gone with them." Then he commenced, in pompoue style, a long, dithyrambic eulogy, of whioh I understood nothing. I wished him to dosoribe the Btep>s,'all the movements and attitudes of tho dance. He tried, bat booamo con fused in his description. Exaspe rated at his inability to make hie meaning dear, suddenly bo turned towards his aged companion, sitting silent and grave on the bench. " Elise, if you wish, it would be very good of you, wo will show this gen. tlemaa what it was. Will you P" She glanced anxiously around, then rose, and without a word plaaed herself opposite him. Then I saw a eight I shall never forget. Thoy advanced and receded with childish affeotation, smiling at one another, belanoing, bowing, tripping along liko two old dolls sot in motion by rusty machinery, some- what out of order, but constructed of yore by a skillful workman. And I watched them, my heart strangely movod, all my being over whelmed with profound melancholy, I seemed to see an (apparition- mournful, yot ludicrous — the old- fashioned ghost of a dead oentury. I wanted to laugh, yet was ready to cry. All at once they stopped. They had finiehod all tho figures of the dance. For sovoral seconds they remained standing, face to faoo, smiling in the most extraordinary way ; then they kissed eaoh other, and I heard a smothered sob. Throe days later I left the capital for a provincial tour. I never saw them again. When I returned to Paris, two years after, tho nursery garden of the Luxembourg had been destroyed. What became of them without that cherished spot of other days, with its winding paths, its close-clipped hedges, and its odour of the past P Do they wander around our modern streets like hopeless exiles P Or are they dead, aud danoing, perohance, a fantastical minuet — two comical -ghosts — among the cypress trees of some cemetery, flitting up and down itB tomb-bordered paths in the moon light ? Their souvenir haunts me, besets and tortures me ; it is a wound whioh never elosee. I cannot tell why. Undoubtedly, you find mo ab surd. 