A VEHICLE ACCIDENT. AVENEL, WEDNESDAY. A serious accident is happened this afternoon betw set in here and Mangalore A man named Cornelius Connor and his wife bothcldcrlj people, were travelling to Melbourne in a covered waggonette At a railway crossing Connor after opening the gate on one side left the horse standing on the line while he closed it The animal was started by the locusts and I often Connor itiileuvoiired to stop it, and was dragged along and sustained severe injuries The waggon was overturned and Mrs Connor was thrown out and neuve I some nasty linen on the body and cuts on the race. The injured couple were brought into Ciottj s Hotel, where they now are Dr Butchart bus stitched up a fine ful gush in the side of Connors face and otherwise not need to the two Mrs Connor is not in danger but her husband lies in a critical state BAIRNSDALE WEDNESDAY -At the Bairns will Ltct i sing Court, held yesterday the minations of the seven principal hotels in this town wire till reduced to below £200 the best use feats will consequently in each case be of 21 instead of full BROADFORD Inuiisnu at the half yearly meeting of the Broadford branch of the AN A the tollowingoflieirs were elected - President, Mr D Macdougall, vice. president Dr Skinner, treasurer, Mr I L Hinton, senior, Mr J G Pemberton, assistant secretary, Mr M J M'Leod, come mine, Messrs C Arthur, D C MRui.M McPherson 19 Corner uinlC Ligg , auditors, Mr Ian A Daivbornund I Millar delegates to annual conference, Messrs C Macdougall und I L 1 union BUlAiMW AAL, MFDNERDU -A fatal no call it happened here last Sunday on the road to Mirujij A bullock driver named John Hamilton accompanied by Thomas Holding man and in some unexplained way to lull under his w region was etc, which passed over him, crushing his legs, chest, and chin As Harding was helping to drive the team on the opposite sue to Hamilton he did not notice any thing wrong until the grass had got some 30 yards further r, and on going to pick up Hamilton found him lying dead and in a pool of blood. The body was brought in to Waites lion!, Iliiliiinumil, and a magisterial inquiry was held on the remains on Monday by Mr I D Smith J P Hamilton was £10 years of age, unmarried, and owned proper!) at Clifton, near Barns dale DUNOLLY, IIIOHSDAT-Sergeant Come who it tires from the police force at the end of the year, was warmly eulogised by the magistrates the li yd profession, and the 1 liked courts at the police court where he appeared for the last time officially to-day 'Hu borough council has also passed a rise in! ion iickiiovvledç,mg Sergeant Coyne's many public services HORSHAM, 1 iiunsDA» -Within the last 12 runs no has than 714 tons of goods have been delivered in Horsham by bullock teams whilst upwards of 12 tons are now awaiting the teamsters at Gi long The goods, which are of all railway classes, have been brought from Or along and Port 1 try, to which port they were consigned by beginner, and the fortnight's loss in freight to the di partment is estimated at about £294 - The Minister of Water Supply Having in Third that the borough rating should be increased the trust last instit struck a rate of in the in the £1-1 he W i stern W must in Irrigation Inst refuse s to yield to the private line has been I ought to bear upon to induce it to greenhouses and public dams The trust has written to the Munster, explaining and justifying its name which is absolutely necessary in the interests of revenue -At the Horsham Land Board pre sub 6 over by Mr W E Porter, district officer, yesterday, 1' It Kinson was record in used for allot GRi OJA, Dimboola M Hart nett and T W plans were refused for the same allotment MARMlOItOtjGir, THURSDAY - Come quick upon the mci rise in prices for provisions, the tenders for supplies to the boys final were on a higher Beult than those of list of or According to the tenders accepted it will cost about £200 more than last year to victual the institution MOKWTLL, TiimisDAT - At the local Police Court this morning, before Messrs. Vary, Edney, Murdoch, and Walsh, J P. s, a respectable) in aged youngman name of George Edward Swallow was sentenced to three months' imprisonment for obtaining £2 185 but by means of a valueless cheque from Clinch 3 Daye), a local hotelkeeper. MILDUltA, Iiiuisdav.-News that the Trust Hill is at last an accomplished fact was received with again rail i expression of thank fullness Most of the suffers in cognise that I the bill is mainly due to the efforts of Messrs James and Taverner, buckle) up by the Melbourne press -Influenza is very prevalent at the settlement, numbers being at present laid up. GhOST, SatuRDAY. A lad named still, raging, living with a farmer named Lynch at the Brodribb, had a miraculous escape on W crínesela). He was playing with a i in of gunpowder when by some means it exploded in his health. His clothes became ignited, and were almost totally burnt off him. With the i su luton of a few blisters he is little the i worse for his exploit. j PANMURA 'luisnAi -A largely attended and representative me ting was held in the local Mechanics' Institute this evening to protest against the removal of the goods sheds from the local railway station. Mr. R. Vickers was unanimously voted to the chair, and, in opening the meeting, said that muller he nor anyone- in the meeting had i n) wish to interfere with the working of the railway sister in, but he thought the depart ment would commit a serious infinite by the rumor ii of Hu se Olinda It will cost tile dep man at about £130, and leave this district v interest But d accommodation at all, and throw the present goods traffic into the hands of the road carrie ra who pass I li rough the township every second or third elie). M lie sheds are in constant use, about 700 tons of goods among annually at the station, and during the butter henson over live-tons per week are also placed in them. Mr. T. Lowe moved "That this meeting strong!) protests against the return a! of the units -head from the railway station, and that the Parliamentary loiiincntativc-j be re tendered to support the protest This was seconded by) Councillor Rollo, and carried unanimously. Captain Nicol moved a vote of thanks to the chairman for having called the meeting so promptly, and hope d his action would be successful in curing the serious blow which would be- felt not at the district if the Railway) Commission i ra carried out their present intention. SUNHHltV, Monday..- the Minister of Public Works, Mr. 'interner, arrived here- to day) by the- midday) train to inspect the road to the Sunbury Lunatic Asylum, which ade putation stated a week or two ago was cut up by (Government contractors engaged of the works at the institution, and for which they required a subsidy. Mr. Tuve mer promised leave the matter favourable consult ration. IIIDDHLL'S Climie, Tossing About CO entries were received last night for the various races to be run on Boxing Day. 'I lure is quite un- influx, of visitors already for the bolitho season. Sl'UPLN I IN]', Wednesday.- The rabbits in this district are very numerous. The landholders are taking advantage of the city st soon to poison them, as now- that feed is dry) and scarce the rabbits take the poisoned Imita grey soil). The work has been going on for over a week now, and great daughter is being made amongst them. Two or three poisoned pollard distributing machines are in use- about here. WiCllFPItOOr, 1 iiünsDAi-Owing to the riBifjiiitioii of Councillor Wood for the Wycheproof Shire, an extraordinary election took place today 'The candidates) s were Mr Charles R Stewart, of Wycheproof, and Mr William Nalder of Towaninnie Mr Nulile r was returned by 39 votes WLM I I'LL, 'luunsDAt -An accident of an e extraordinary church r occurred here yesterday on the farm of Mr. John Hull While a chaffcutter was in full work The main belt broke had struck three- men engaged at the end r, throwing one of them on to the ketch s mind causing, him to reel ire of Hunt, out on the limit He had a narrow escape from be had, drawn into the cause r The Hi coud man was thrown over the industrial life received a severe shaking is (the full find the third man was km eke I loved to the ground and in the top of a haystack JOIt high on which he was consulting. I "ANd AN, Whimkday- Hu Very Rev I Fallu r Stn mind, of the Order of Hiilemp to latE, will open a mission at St Joseph's Church, South van "ran on Sunday next and the mission will continue to Touraine), still December, 