THE EDUCATION TOTE. I . TO TH1 EDITOR OF TUB BARRTER MINES. SIB,-Enough hat) already been indirectly said under the heading of "Religion« Instruction" on the, question of ¿he educa- tion vote to brirtg it under the heading of something more practical. As your reader« are already aware, I am only a simple, poor fool of a Catholic, and cannot submit my children to receive religious instruction of any sort except from persons duly authorised by the Catholic durch. Tho Catholics have been fooled long enough; tbey have > been paying for the education of their *" neighbors' children for the last 25 years without getting anything in return except the privilege of building and maintaining - their own schools. We do not intend to be * fooled any longer without protesting or bringing the matter in a more forcible and Etactical -way befere Parliament than itherto, by means of a monster petition (or some other method), respectfully and firmly demanding a more equitable distribution of ^ the education vote. We are a respectable . : minority, ami can make out as good a case as ever came before Parliament. It hat been said, and generally admitted, by the best polit cal wrifrs that it is incumbent on Parliament to legislate for the" minority a« well as for the majority. Surely we can bring evidence forward to convince any Legislature in the world that we have a constitutional right to apart of the éduca- tion vote if on no other grounds than on the inability of the State to supply .school accommodation in accordance with tho requirements of the population. No better illustration of this coull be given than the subject of your leading article last week on "The School at the West." Will any reasonable person admit that the State-fed schools of Broken Hill are now or ever were able to meet the requirements the taxpayers might reasonably expect from a department which pretends to cater for their wants in a certain direction Î Is it not a fact that, were it not for the private schools of the Barrier, fully one-third of the taxpayers' 1 children would not be accommodated with an article for which tbey are paying. Ever since the Stite determined to conduct th<3 Education Department on socialistic principles the Catholics have been shame- fully robbed of their share of tho education vote, and all this timo the State is reaping the advantages of the Catholic schools, which cost a large sum of money for con- struction, besides the services of their teachers, who supply efficient se:ular educa- tion for Protestants as well as Catholics. Therefore, the Catholics respsctfully and firmly demand, as a matter of equity and justice, a subsidy for services rendered to the SÚte. What practical shape this demaud will take I do not know yet ; but the cause must advance, as the ball is rolling, and we intend to keep it going until we score. I hope I will be pardoned for suggesting to interested persons to take . immediate steps to have a petition pre- sented to Parliament AH a preliminary move, a commission might then be. appointed to inquire into the merits of the rase. That will be che time for experts to give evidence. In conclusion, let in-- ad i :-Catholics, close your ranlrs ; you' have been fools long enough ; do not be cowards also. Do not be afraid of a parson or the ghost yarn of a discredited pedagogue. ' I I am, &c;, D, CREEDON." "-.VXïv 