NOW rntST PUBLISHED, THE SIX-POINTED STAR By M. P. BALY, Author of"ALittlo Mistake," 'J An Artful Little Garao," '"Tho Vanishing Gods," &o.; f Ail Queensland Rights Rkskeved.1 CHAPTER X, — ( Continued.) ' I Bhall never do that go long as Ire land has need of me. T do not look upon this overthrow as final. Our friondB will rally around us again in time, and surely there cannot he two Buoh traitors as Kators in our causo. Ho, no; we Bhall sucoeed yet. I will not learn to Bpell the word "fail." But I thank you for your sympathy, Miss Trevor. It is Bweet to think that someone oares whether I sink or swim.' My eyes were suspiciously moist as I turned away, leaving him standing there bare-headed and erect in the morning sun shine, the bright brown eyes .watohing us until the trees hid us from his sight. Again, as I pen these words, am I conscious of the seorn and reprobation of the correct and conventional young lady as she reads of my unfeigned interest in the conspirator's welfare, and once more I must remind her that I am not con ventional, and therefore not amenable to her hard and fast ruleB of oon- duot. Neither let her lor one moment imagine that, in my sympathy for a fellow-creature, I was faithless to my lover. Ear from it — my feeling for Jaok was as deep and as true as ever. But supreme love for one man surely does not mean that friendly interest in every other is to be for ever tabooed ! That would be but a selfish kind of love, I take it, and one that my Jack would be the last man to exact. Our walk through the park was a very sad one. Poor Norah was silently weep ing, and I knew not how to console her, for what could I say ? To me the out look for these two seemed very gloomy. What could Colder be henceforth but an exile from his native land, and how doubtful it was that, living in exile, in hiding, as he must, he would be able to have Norah with him. Poor Norah! She must wear her heart out with watoh- ing and waiting, in that Irish home in the far west, for the darling boy, hor own nursling, who would never, perhaps, come. I laid my hand in pity on the poor old woman's bowed shoulder, and at the friendly touoh her tears and grief broke out afreBh, ' Ah, Miss Trevor,' she sobbed, ' it wsb a weary day when we came to this Eng land. I knew no good would ever come of it. And now I must return all alone — the whole weary way alone.' It was rather a relief when we reached the boundary of the park, and my sor rowful guide, after unlocking the gate in the high' wall, could leavo me, to return to her master, which I could see she was longing to do. I shook the trembling old hands warmly, pressing into them moBt of the silver I happened to have in my purse. ' Goodbye, Norah,' I said. ' Keep up your heart. You may meet your nursling again in happier times. Who knows ? ' ' Ah, I have, little hope of it,' was the answer. ' Norah is too old, and will not live to see happier times. Goodbye, and God bless you, Miss Trevor, and tbank you for your kind words to my boy just now.' When I was alone I followed for some distance the way to the station indicated by Norah ; but presently coming to a sign poBt, pointing in the opposite direc tion, I walked up to it, und read the words, ' To London, five miles.' 'I have a great mind to walk,' was my thought. ' It is two miles to the station, Colder said, so it will not take much more than double the tipie. It will do me good this lovely day, and I shall be at home just in time for break fast.' So I turned round, and retraced mv steps along the way I had come. As I passed the door in the park wall it opened, and a man in velveteen came out. He looked like a gamekeeper, only with out his gun ; a stubbly blaok beard and moustache covered the lower part of hiB face, and over ono eye was a blaok pateli. I should have gone by without taking ' any notice of him, but for a start I saw the man give, and then he said, in a low voice : ' Once more, goodbye.' It was Philip Calder ! There was no time for more words, for at that moment, at a distant turn in the road, a vehicle of some kind came into sight. With a slight and hasty wave of the hand Calder turned quickly away, and the next moment was lost to sight in some bushes skirting a field on the opposite side of the road. I walked on quietly towards the oncoming carriage, which was drawn by a faBt trotting horse. As I approached, I saw a man's head put out of one of the windows, and then, at sight of me, there was a shout to the driver to stop. I heard someone say, ' I believe it is Miss Trevor,' and two men, who appeared to be policemen in plain olotbes, got out, and asked mo if I were the young lady who had been decoyed from home two days ago, on pretence of identifying one of the wayboroiigh murderers. 'How did you got away?' was the next question. 'Wore you iu the custody of a man named Wellman ?' 'I oertainly was detained by someOne, but he did not tell me to oall him Well- man,' was my evasive answer. 'What is the use of asking her that? I tell you, I know she was with Well- man ; Bill and I took her down there on Monday. Where iB Wellman now, that is the question ? ' I looked up at the sound of the hoarse voice, and saw it proceeded from a man in the carriage, who was, handcuffed to a prison warder seated by his side. I had, therefore, no difficulty in assuming that I was in the presence of the man Kators, who had betrayed the whole of his friendB to the police. A siok feeling of repuhion came over me as I looked— I have always had a peouliar horror of treaohery in any shape or form — and I turned away my eyes in loathing from tho mean, loeriug countenance, wondering how it happened that Philip Caldor could ever have brought himself to trust a man with a faoe like that;, but then I knew that he was false, and Colder had not known it, which makes all the difference. 'Can you give us any information which will lead to this man's capture, Miss? Is he still on the houseboat?' asked one of thepolicomen. ' We under stood from this man that you were to be detained .until Thursday— that is to morrow— so,, seeing you now, malSis us fear that he has had some warning of our coming, and has made .tracks; is that so?' ' It' is,' was my answer, as I oast about in my mind how I could best throw them off the scent without exciting their suspicions. ' A message was sent quite two hours ago, warning this — Wellman — that the society had beon botroyed, and he — Wellman — wont off. An old woman, who acted as servant, conducted me out of tbe park.' ' -' was the reply ; ' then the. bird has flown— tho most important of the whole gang. Two hours ago, you say, Miss Trevor? What have you been doing since then, may I ask ?' ' I waited to have some breakfast, as it was so early,' I replied, ooolly, and with out thinking it necessary to inform them that Philip Calder had remained also — I allowed them to infer that he had gone off at once on receiving the news. ' Our hest plan will be to go on and question the old woman. She may be able to tell us something definite, we might even arrest her.' ' Oh, that's no good,' Baid Kators, ' she knows nothing at all ; she's only a woman Wellman got there to clean 'up and wait on him and the yonng lady. She is probably off to her own home by now.' Kators, olever as he thought himself, was evidently unaware of the tie existing between Norah and ' Wellman,' and it was no part of my business to enlighten them. 'Well, then, the caretaker of the mansion, or whoever it was who allowed Wellman to stop in the park during tho absence of the owner; he must Burely know something about this precious society and its plots,' Kators burnt into a loud guffaw. ' Oh, no, he don't, preoious innocent. I managed all that. I went there last week and gammoned nay gentleman about a friend of mine as wanted to have a few days' fishing.for the benefit of his health, and told him he might earn a " fiver" without any trouble to himself beyond holding his tongue, the boat being there all handy and fitted up. He fell into the trap at onoe, and took the bait, and will moBt likely get the sack from his master for his pains — he'll find that fiver rather a dear one before he's done. ' ' Our best plan, then,' said the in spector, ' will be to go to the nearest railway station without losing any more time, and mako inquiries there. Well- man will probably have left by the early train, and we may be able to trace lim, as there are so few passengers in the morning — at that time, at least, But two hours is a longish start. To the station ob fast as you can, driver. Miss Trevor, I am sorry we are not going your way, to give you a lift.' ' Thank you, I prefer to walk ; it is such a lovely morning.' ' Good day, then. I am glad to see you have not suffered by your temporary imprisonment. I must warn you that you will be required as n witness for the Crown if Wellman is captured.' ' Which I most sincerely hope he will not be,' was my inward comment aB I walked on. ' Though why I take suoh an interest in him I know not, for by his own confession he was probably planning a black crime. That was a narrow shave for him; had they met him inside the park they would have stopped to subject him to a most rigid examination, and perhaps arrested hira. I do not fancy they will catoh him now ; he knew better than to go to the station.' After this interlude I put my best foot foremost, for time was passing, and I was anxious to get home. I was sorely, tempted to linger once or twice, when the beauty of the hedgerows invited me to stay and gather their blossoms, or some grassy bank invited a rest cut of the hot sun. But very soon even these mild temp tations were removed out of my path as the outskirts of the great overgrown city were reached, and. that typical London institution, the suburban villa, appeared on the scene, followed up in quick succes sion by its sisters and its aunts and its cousins', all of them bearing a most ro- markable family likeness the ono to the other. Our own particular suburb was situated in the north-west district, so it did not take me long, when once the foot of Highgate Hill was passed, to reaoh our own doorstep. .Tust before I turned off the main - road into our street, the oarriage containing the police and the informer overtook me, on its homeward way, and I held up my hand for the driver to stop. ' Havo you heard of tho runaway,' I asked. "Nothing definite,' was the answer, ' but from information we have gathered, we hope to arrest him before night.' CHAPTER XL The Sir- roiNiuD Stab. It was on the stroke of half-past eight as I at laBt ascended our own doorsteps and knooked for admittance. Jane gave a soream of mingled fear and delight when she saw me — I think she was not quite certain, until I spoke, if I were not my own ghost. ' Oh, Miss Minnie !' she said, in answer to my greeting ; ' they 'ave not murdered you, then ! We all thought as 'ow they 'ad murdered you, and 'idden away your pore body.' I Nonsense, Jane ; don't let your imagi- nation ruu away with you so fast. Is your mistress down yet, and — the othbrs ?' ' The missus ? Lor no, Miss Minnie, your pore ma was took ill the very day as you was carried off, and she 'asn't bean downstairs sinoe. Miss Lesbia, she's been a-nursing of her, and bb for Mr. Dymooke ' ' Yes, what of Mr. Dymooke ?' I paused to ask, for I was already halt way up the stairs. 'Well, Mr. Dymooke, he were like one distracted when he found you was gone, and then he rushed out again, and we didn't see no more of 'im till night, and — but 'ere he comes to tell you hisself.' 'Jaok!' There was a startled exolamation and a rush, and then — but I will draw a veil over the next few moments ; they were sacred to ourselves. As for Jane, she departed silently and discreetly to the kitohen, where Bho busied herself in cooking a gala breakfast, on her own responsibility, in honour of my return, safe and sound. ' Jack ! ' I said again, lifting my head at last from his shoulder. ' Were you not torribly anxious? I was unable to write until last night.' An increased pressure against his breast was the only answer I received, but it satisfied me. Looking up I saw the dear blue eyes filled with tears. ' Did you care so muoh,' I whispered, my own eyes overflowing in sympathy. ' What a question !' he said, trying to smile. ' I wonder, ohild, if you will ever quite realise how much.' We were silent again, then; but pre sently remorse smote me, and I raised myself resolutely out of his arms. ' Oh, poor mother !' I cried. ' We are quite forgetting her !' ' Go, then, but return quickly, my darling. I have not half looked at you yet, and there is much to tell me.' ' There is indeed !' I began. But here a voice — Lesbia's — calling over the banisters to ask who was talking there, and Jack reluctantly released me. ' I don't believe you got my letter at all,' I said, drawing Lesbia aside as we left mother's bedroom. I would not stay longer iu there, for I quickly saw that the excitement and joy of reunion was becoming too great a straiq for the in valid ; so I sternly refused all explana tions, getting out presently under the plea of hunger. Dear mother declared the sight of me had made her well already, and she announced her intention of get ting up later on and coming downstairs to hear my story, in company with the rest of the family. ' No,' said Lesbia, in answer to my question. 'We never heard a single word, good or bad.' ' Ah, I was afraid you would not get it ; in any case it oould not have arrived until this morning by tbe first post, but I quite expected, under the circumstances, to hear that the messenger forgot alto gether to post it.' ' What circumstances — I am dying to hoar all about everything,' said my sister. ' Do be quick and begin.' ' Not now ; the others must hear it also, and it is far too long to be told twice. But I want to know what hap pened after I left on Monday morning ; when did Jack return ?' ' About half an hour, after you started with the detective.' ' Don't call him the detective ; he was an impostor, sent on purpose to decoy me on a false errand.' to bb continued to- moubow. 