— . The; Say. I Thai L-vien, M.P., rose to.frae ,n I a successful deal in, onion. I That Premier Turner and membe. I Treuwitfi, are natireB of Tqimaxfo, I That. Victoria. cji»uine« 50,060 ootv I cigarettes every year.-. ' ' I , do.., - ..auuiiaagisre,' rnnir.i t.._ I will be taking the field soon, ' I Tni.iv ... the principle 0f weight telling on a reqehorse,. the peiagogL, should' esperienqe big handicap. I That if defeated en. the cricket I the odds will, lis. strongly, iiMkeir in a 1-ug of- war. I Tjiat a certain applicant, at tb« 1 court laet Friday, was. "hoisted on his own. petard, ' 1 I That a rare meeting on the j.T following., the Otbram, show is. Uj' arranged at Barooga. I That the propoml is, one- which, should, prwve highly successful. That vieiters from. across the river to. the show would he caOeia to. wait for the. races. ' : TnATthe Tocemwal people anticipate, a great race meeting next New tL. Day. ' That the petition for ehangiao. tie Saturday, half holiday, ie. being w,n.' signed: ' That. the stream, of' diteaee-enread- ing-iiltli ia extoudiug itself alone the gutter in Punt road into the centra of; 1 the township. 1 That, the matter' should receive the immediate attention ef thoeecenoerned. That, tha- Sunday, shooting expedi- tione have been stopped— at least the fiat hae gene forth regarding the shooting. TShat elaborate preparations are be ing made far Lord Braeeey's. landing! and reception. That- people are constantly, on the. look out for N.S.W., land adjacent to. Cebiato. That the Cobram Pant: Company? would'do.well to reduce their tarif of" charges a little, in view, ot- the free, crossing at Toke. That Premier Beidj of N.S.W., ha more girth than worth about hiin. That the change in the., weather is very- timely. That rabbits are playing aad hsveo in the Cobram cemetery. That if rumor be true the manage ment should-' take-, steps, to. atop, the, nuisance complained of. That the Synnot divorce case is. likely to crop up again sensationally. ' IkiAi-Messrs Jj McNamara aud' O. are arranging to extend their sale yard; 'accommodation in Numurkah.. That quite a boom. .ia cattle has eat in, and at last values, are- aomiag . to. something, like-ik That the wonder is how so . much, money can be got. fo.r. the Tocumwal approaches.. 'That at Toke business is- twits- as. brisk as it was last winter. Tuat wben the WAtch mania stationed: at the Tocumwal bridge, where will-be the boasters regarding the gates f That the Cobram Cricket Club, annual meeting will be held abeut the.- middle of September. That the streets of Cobram are onoe- more in winter, attire. That there- will ba. some great, competition far the high jump at the Cobram show. That a certain well knows female- competitor, ia disappointed . with the. show, prize list. . That a coursing club, as well: as. gun clubB, could; be started to great, advantage in thia district That. a suburban ghost was aliased: by. a. constable. That Lord-Woleslsy is to succeed; Duke of Cambridge as Cemmander-iw, Chief. TuAT over a, million gallens. of uiik. were received at the Kyneton. butter factory last year. That there will be several gosd' stallions around the district, this, season. That the A.N;A. social will be well: worth attending. That .a. real live Baron .is .engaged 'in, the frait growing .business at Kyakrsm, That holders of wheat should shortly- obtain satisfactory prices. That the Totalisatpr has again, been thrown . out of Parliament, to the delight of. bookmakers. That nevertheless, the measure is, bannd to become law ere long. That, a Clergyman, at Euroa. adao- cated the " Tote " last Sunday even-. ing. That, good entries hare been re-, ceived for the races at Muckafah on, 5ih.prpx,. THAT-Cobram people ore becomieg; quite noted for tha interest— -beg pardon, . lack, of interest- — thay take in, public affairs. That the Tooley, street business will be played to a, serious losing gsme eosn,. and' then perbapa those interested, will; wake up.. That the Cobram Minstrel' aadj Dramatic Co. are making capid strides. in their rehearsals towards concert, pitch. That Conductor W". H. Evans, possesses, three- starling qualities — a, seusitive musical, tympan, unbounded, patience, .and great skill. as a, leader. That the Bowing Cjub intend, ta surpass previous regattas by a grand procession, of boats, manned by- the, members. Tliaf. a facetious joker says it woaldi be wall to see the boats b(u)oyed a ft well as manned,. 