Adventure ei an M.P. AN __JGIN_r_E'S LIFE AT SEA. Mr. William Allan, M.P. for Gateshead, has been interviewed by a representative of -'Cas- sell's Saturday Journal/' and tells of many adventures by sea and land. The interviewer SB.VB: There are no men in the House of Commons, and few, possibly, out of it who have had a more . adventurous career than Mr. William Allan, the member for Crateehead. This massive, square-shouldered tellow, with the merry j eyes and big, honest face, who, stand- j ing 6ft . 2in, greets me with a vice like grip of the hand as I call to have' a short chat, has met with weird experiences and hairbreadth 'scapes sufficient to fill half-a-dozen volutnes without a word of padding. Indeed, Mr. Allan's experiences while knocking about the world are so extensive that he rather hesitates to begin to recount them. ' I remember,' he good-naturedly says at length, 'once having a most awful time driiting about the Atlantic. Our boat — curiously enough named tho Tweed — was a thirty tonner, no bigger than a canal boat, and loaded with thirty tons of sugar-cane. The crew consisted of two niggers and a wretched skipper, who had neither a sextant nor a chrono meter to guide him. On this small craft there were fifteen passengers, and for days and days we drifted about at the nierey of the elements, trying to find the Bermudas, but having not the ghost of a knowledge where we were. All that we had to eat was sugar-cane, and -our water was literally full of living creatures. I remember that as I lay on deck I had only to stretch out luy hands to wash them in the salt water, so tiny was the craft; and, to intensify our horror, great sharks' would come up and glare at us with their green eyes. The only protection we had from the rain — and in those parts, its not tha windows of heaven that are open ; it's the side of the honse that's out — was a sail-clout which we held up by the ccSraers. At last, after many days, we espied a vessei, and learned that we were no fewer than 200 miles east of Bermuda. So, after another spell of awful exposure, we reached St. George's, the con dition of which at that time vr as positively fearful The whole town was as silent as thejjrare : it had become a house of death. Yellow fever was ram pant, and English soldiers were dying like flies We bargained with a nigger to drive us to Hamilton for odol in gold, but we had not proceeded far when the black sweep opened his huge mouth, into which you could easily have put a pound of steak, and placing his hand to his head screamed ont that the fever had taken him. An extra half dollar, however, dissipated that fever, and we eventually arrived at Hamilton.' ' It is a wonder you are so hale and hearty to-day,' t said. ' I have taken care of myself, and have -never contemplated the possibility of disease. Companions of mine I have seen die like flies ; singing at night they have succumbed in the morning. They encouraged the fever by thinking of it — the mind reacted on the body.' I asked Mr. Allan to give me some account of his life in prison, consequent upon his capture while engaged in blockade running during the American civil war, and how he got free. ' At Washington,' said the big member, ' thirty eight of us were placed in one small room, which was creeping with vermin of the most loathsome description. It was like a dead-house . we were lying on bare boards, and had no washing utensils. I managed to get out by bribing the sentry, who was married to a Scotswoman hailing from my native to— n, to post a letter to the British Minister. My great difficulty was to get the letter into the sentry's hands, as a lot of dummy prisoners had been put in to watch us. How I succeeded was this. The sentry had to walk up and down the room, and as he passed me we alternately signalled to each other by a slight kick of the other's ioot. By this means we told each other when the coast was clear for passing the note.' Another series of exciting adventures which Mr. Allan told ice happened in the Bahamas, when his firemen, having been tempted by higher pay, were secretly taken off his ship in the dead of night and conveyed in small boats to anotker blockade runner. In this dilemma the only alternative was to find men ashore — not an easy matter, considering that the port was thronged with the biggest cut throats on earth, refugees who had left the Gulf States to escape conscription. However, from these rascals, every one of whom carried a huge sheath-knife, the future M.P. for Gateshead selected his firemen — a gang wearing faded red shirts and trousers tucked into their top-boots. The ship had barely passed Abaco lighthouse when it was discovered that these individuals were not firemen at all, and that the furnaces were choked with coal. One of the hulking fellows was sitting on the top of the stokehole grating quietly smoking a cigar. On calling him to come down Mr. Allan, who was chief engineer, - was met with a volley of oaths — 'they came absolutely blue from the fellow's lips,' as the genial Scotsman puts it — and presently, losing his temper, the loafer taking a shovel aimed a terrific blow at the head of the biggest member of the House of Commons that was to be. Fortu nately, Mr. Allan was the quicker of the two, and he dealt the fellow a stroke which, by a mis chance, sent him flying into a pile of hot cinders. The man, fully intent on murder, struggled eiolently, but he was kept down ; and it was not discovered that one side of his head was lying on some red-hot ashes until the lobe of one of his ears was burnt off. The miscreant's yells summoned half-a-dozen other fiendish looking ruffians, who brandished their knives and prepared for slaughter. Mr. Allan shouted to his second engineer to fetch his revolver, and with this weapon he kept the would-be murderers at bay. / But, as the member for Gateshead tells you— 'I got no sleep for days, and. had always to. lie down with a revolver in* my hand, for these fellows would have thought no more of slitting your throat than of throw ing a card. It was a fearful time of excite ment for me. All day and all night long the fellows were watching their opportunity to, stab me or pitch me overboard. £ could see them glaring at me with their beady eyes and mutter ing to each other, and every now and then put ting 1[heir hands to their knivee — always ready to put a hole 'in me.' But Mr. Allan's life for years was one long series of adventure. At 10 years of age he was filing nuts from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m., ap.d after his work was over he went to a night school. I asked him. to name the element of success. ' Pay atten tion to business, be enthusiaf tic, and watch all' details,' was the reply. But it is not everyone who has the tacility Cor accomplishing what Mr. Allen does. Besides being an M.P. and the' owner of great en gineering ' works— the workmen employed at which so honor' and respect him that it is quite a remarkable occurrence when anyone quits his ser vice — Mr. Allan is the writer of 3000 songs and of a dozen volumes. One of his books is called ' After Toil Songs.' But when isit' after- toil 'with this Colossus, who finishes his large correspondence every morning before 9.30 a.m. ? Mr. Allan fur nishes us with a rare example of a man .address ing the House of Commons one day, writing eongs of_an evening— possibly at the same time almost aS he is thinking out some intricate engi neering undertaking— and the next day throwing off bis coat ng at his works in Sunderland with the object of showhig some unskilled lad how to do' the right thing at the lathe or vice. _or Gateshead' s M.P. prides himself on being able to do an engineering job as well as ' any of his 600 workmen. '.''.-,.?'??' ?? A, FEW days : ago some .thieves entered the Church, of Santa Maria in- Trastevere, in Rome, by means of a false key. They ransacked the .'sacristy, broke open, the cupboards which ' contained ; the canonicals; . and stole $he dim-, '.munion plate. . .f:I_ey . a__a-wards sacked t_e ^chnre^v./sl^B^nB-^tajm^ilie image .of tiie Madonna tiie golden ornaments and atfcer valu able votive offerings, and. having broken .off, the. Tjeautiful head of TthV^image^jBiey thiew.it into a . corr_fr. . After doing much , other damage they managed to get clear away. For tiie last two days the church has been constantly crowded with people,* who have gone to. kiss the body of the image, and to pray: aloud for pardon on those who have committed such a sacrilege. : j 