VIEWING A SPOOK. A South Melbourne Sensation. A New Year's Eve Mystery. . A Strange Apparition-. A Beautiful Illusion Explained by a Policeman. Away from tho noise of traffic, where shop fronts are fow and private residences numerous,, there is a part of Book-street, South Melbourne, which has Quito a dull air of respectable stagnation in tho day time, and at night is vary dark and quiet indead. 'Trees of an English variety have been planted to some extent along its footways, which aro leafy and pleasant to look tipon when the sun shines ; but sometimes just a little weird and mys terious when tho wind penetrates com- plainitigly through thctn under tho rays of tho moon. Then the shadows grow very deep in tho recesses oi the brickwork, and where there are no lights there is imparted a dead, forgotten air, which tho dis tant roar of passing trains or the lively strains of a concertina played on the next block do not altogether dispol. As a rule the thoroughfare, in this part is liCtlo 'fro- queulcd alter sundown, and silunce adds to its general adaptability ior sensational de velopment. In one of a row of four neat single-fronted villas standing hack from tho footpath modestly in the shelter of two large shops, and fronted by small garden patchos, there lived up to near tho and of last year a young woman who for a lung while had been bedridden (says tho Age). She camo to town from tho northern dis tricts about five years previously as an invalid, in- order to bo in touch with the best medical advice. Her iufir- mity in some way affected her powers of locomotioo, and she had to bo wheeled about in n Bath chair. After a time she got worse, until she was unable to go out at all. Then she was seen occasion ally, looking very ill, sitting upon a scat over a gas box under her verandah ; but 12 months ago she becamo unable to leave her room. Her only companion was a. young woman domestic. It wsb but seldom anyone went to seo bcr ; yet there was tnuch local interest and sympathy with tho mysterious sufferer. She died early in Docember, after which the furniture was promptly removed from the house, and it remained ior some weckB empty. On New Year's eve two ladies living in the neighborhood of the still unoccupied tenement were conversing on the foot path some distance away at tho eerie hour of 11 p.m., whon they were almost struck dumb, according to their own aocount, by observing the hazy yet luminous outline of 'a woman appear in a standing position near the sea: under the cottage verandah whero the deceased uood to lako the air. The viow they had of the spectre was profile. Its head was slightly inclined forward, as though it were leaning townrds the centre of the garden plot. The bust and body down to tho waist were clearly dofiucu, but from thence to the ground the outline became gradually indistinct to a vanishing point. Both the spectator!! were loo much Beared to say much. They stared hard two or three times at the apparition to make no mistake us to what they saw, and then went home hur riedly without seeing the New Year in as they intendod. Next day, however, they took several acquaintances into thoir confi dence on the subject under striot prornieus of secrecy. Tho consequence was, on New Year's night, people -living next door to tho empty house on each side, and the occupants of other dwell ings in tho . neighborhood observed Beveral small' groups of men and women in the dark standing at a short distance away talking in low tones and gazing nervously with sidelong glances at their villa frontages. These loiterers stayed out very late indeed, and got a fright, which was an ample reward for their vigil. Sure enough, tho ghost reappeared, sadly gazing again at the Bamo Bpot from its former position. On the authority of these spec tators the story got about that the doad woman who used to live thcro had buriod her mousy opposite tho front of her house, trad onto back to look at the "plunt" bo- en uso sho was sorry about it. Daring the daytimo it was noticed that a depression existed in the centre of the flower bed over which the ghost was in tbo habit of reflecting. 'This, it was thought, gave color to the assumption. Night after night in creasing crowds gathered in Bank-street West to see the apparition. It ssldom disappointed the onlookers. Fresh dis coveries were mads. When tho spook was not visible on the verandah people said they saw the sumo whito figure flitting about in the vacant bedroom whore tho deceased, it was understood, had " givon up the ghost." A lady living next door eays, ono night, since the Now Year, after going to bed, she distinctly heard knocks on the wall coming from the empty house, just as tho deceased used sometimes to knock when the informant's baby used to cry too violently in tho otherwiso silent watches. Going out to tho rear of the promisee to get a pail of water "by Cynthia's beam " on a certain occasion, tbo same lady says she beard a strange footstep in the yard attached to the deserted tene ment, which seemed to walk aB sho walked and to stop when sho stoppod. Tho New Year is only 10 nights old, but the fame of the Bank-street ghost has spread in a quiet way all over town. People from long distances, such as Prahrah and Brigh ton, have made up parlies to go to view it. Every orening tho crowds of visitors have been more numerous. Attendances number ing from 200 to 300 people hnve lately thronged the roadway, after dark, to wait for the apparition. On Thursday nigh't three policemen were on duty to keep order and put tho "move on " clauso in operation. Tho ghost took a night off then, and it is supposed through disap pointment a few impatient youths threw stones on to tho premises. Some resi dents, who became annoyed at tho actions of tho crowd, then got on to the roof of the reputedly haunted building and played a gardon hose upon the gathering, thus evoking mixed cries of denunciation, aod adding considerably to the turmoil. One arrest was made, and tho culprit, a dis orderly ' youth, was fined 10s and costs at tho South Molbourno Polico Court. But Thursday night's experience was per haps the result of altered circumstances, A family fioin tho country, the ho,d of which' fon being warned that the place was said to be haunted, informed the landlord ho bad no fear of ghosts, had moved into tho premises, and, perhaps, to some extent destroyed the phantasy. The amount of incoiivomeneo which the new comers had to put up with, however, was almost intolerable, and if such demonstrations con tinue tho place will not long be occupied. These tenants assert that neither during tho night nor tho day have they seen or heard any supernatural manifestations, and they havo a sincere desire for privacy. Of course, there is always a com monplace theory to account for spooks. A policeman who has bad tho lnisior- tuno to live next door to the uncanny appa rition has settled its origin to his ouliro satisfaction, although he admits, aftorhaving seen this spirit, it is in appcarauce a lady ghost of the most approved pattern. As all pcoplo in South Melbouone know, at the focal drapery establishment in Park-street »n electric light is exhibited on n high flagstaff nearly every evening, and the constable avers that a ray from tins lliu- minant shining from a considerable distance under a shop verandah obliquely upon tho front of the to-called haunted house created the illusion of the melan choly woman looking for her money. The foliago of a contiguous trco and some orna mentation about the capital of a varan- dah post, ho sayB, impart the human form to the electiic reflection, and that is tho whole matter. However, tbo elootrio light has been in evidenoe for over a year almost nightly, and all the other "pro- parties " which are said to produce the phenomenon have been in their present positions for an equally long time. 'Tho wonder is therefore tho Bpirit was nover seen before, oven in the lifetime of tho deceased tenant. A neighbor who lives at the rear of tho tenement which the ghost is said to visit, says sho has been ail over the houso after dark to see whethor things were safe, and suggests that the white figure seen in the bedroom, tho knocking heard on the wall, and tho walking about in the back yurd may have beon attributable to her movements; Another porson accounts for the depression in the front garden by ex plaining that she removed a tree fern from it and did not fill up the hole. How ever, the popular superstition rises superior to all these commonplace explana tions, and insists that tho place is re- snrtod to by an inhabitant of anothor world. Many wero still on tbo watch last. night, although Harcourt's light was blocked out by a canvas screen to preclude any manifes tation, There aro a lot of jokes indulged in about tho thing, yot amoncst oid people especially who were cradled in English counties, where bogeys aro said to lark behind every bush when " tho curfew lolls the knell of parting day," thero is a great desire apparent to give tho place a very wide borib, and of ail the rcsidonts in the vicinity tho nearest hotelkceper is tho only man. who says he does not mind how long the Bank- street ghost scato continues. 