NEWS OF THE DAY. The Standard Time Bill has been virtually passed by the Tasmanian Assembly. In the world there are 51,000 breweries, nearly 26,000 of them being in Germany. The present Mikado of Japan is the 123rd in the direct line of succession. Some criminal fools (or it may be only one) are masquerading as ghosts in the Mel bourne subuibs. Early last year 922 families in Brisbane were in receipt of Government relief, but by the end of 1894 this number was reduced to 470. The weather continues very cold jn New Zealand. There are 4 inches of snow lying ou the ground at Dunedin, and 7 inches all over South Taranaki. When Miss Gertrude Vanderbilt, daugh ter of the New York millionaire, made her dehut she was presented with 148 bouquets worth at the very least £5OO. Although the British South Africa Com pany was not formed until 1889, it is already master of a territory larger than the Capa Colony. The French Departmental elections have resulted in a great defuat of the socialist and radical candidates. Only 12 socialists have been returned. - The New South Wales Government are taking steps to appoint a .Royal Commission to eriquire into the state of the collieries and the coal trade of the colony. The death is announced of Dr L. Ralston Unstable, aged 39. He held a prominent position in the medical profession at Sydney. The directors of the M’Evoy’s mine, E - dorado, in compliance with the wish of Mrs Burke, have promised to forward the re mains of her late husband, when recovered, to Ballarat. Detective Roche, of Sydney, who was charged with the manslaughter of Ernest Gill, who died three days after arrest from, it was alleged, the results of a blow de livered by Roche, was found not guilty without hearing all the wituesses eubpceied on his behalf. A letter has been received by the Minister of Agriculture (N.S.W.) that the vestry of Westminster, England, has decided to lay down 100,000 blocks of New South Wales timber on its thoroughfares. Some 2000 cases of Tasmanian apples, ex Warrnambool, have been sold by auction at Manchester. Tho price realised was from 6* 3d to 6s 91 per case, but as railway carriage must be deducted from this figure it does nut compare favorably with the Lendon results. Despite the endeavors which the various consignees of Victorian honey are making to find buyers, 1 cannot learn (writes the Lon don correspondent of the Argus) that a single pound of it has been sold. News comes from Tahiti that, the offer of the Messageries Maritimea Company for a mail service between San Francisco, Tahiti, Noumea, and Sydney has been approved hy the Tahiti Assembly at a subsidy of £5600 per annum. The matter has yet to be con sidered by the French authorities. In Finland, above all other countries, dn women enter into the business of life. They are clerks, doctors, dentists, builders, managers of small companies, and bank cashiers. They are especially sought for in the last capacity, on account of their reputa tion for honesty. Alexander Williams, George Frew, and George Luhrs, three youths, were fined £2. each at the Albury Police Court on Tuesday for burning o-iyenne pepper in the ventilators of a public hall while dancing was in pro gress. Tho stipendiary magistrate was at first inclined to order the offenders to be flogged. A number of leading citizens of Melbourne, feeling that public opinion should be focussed in regard to the sweating evil, are taking steps lo prepare and present a monster peti tion to the mayor of the city, requesting him to call a public meeting to consider this important social question. Mr Gillies, the Agent-General for Victoria, has forwarded to the Imperial Institute some essential oils distilled at the Dunolly Scent Farm, in order that they may be tested as to their value for perfumes. Many newspapers, icferring to the election of a Speaker to the new House of Commons, urge Mr Balfnar, the First Lord nf the Trea sury, to he msgnanimnus and agree to the re election of Mr W. C. Gully. Anti toxin has been successfully used in a case of diphtheria at theHimilton Hospital. After the first dose tracheotomy had to be performed, but a second dose effected a cure. Dr Robinson, who treated the patient, a girl eight years of age, considers she would have died even after the operation but foe the anti-toxin. The Union Flour Milliog Company at Horsham has suspended payment. Some idea of the magnitude of the company’s operations will be gathered when it is stated that its turnover for the past six months amounted to £60,000. The suspension is ascribed to over-elling, the unexpected local rise in the value nf wheat, and tho obliga tion to buy wheat at unlo ked fry etjb a, ’s 2, l prices. Tbs anti-foreign movement in Madagascar is attaining serious proportions. The native preachers are inciting the Malagasy soldiers to massacre the British residents. The British consul has called a meeting to con sider the situation, and has recommended that ail British residents in the interior should immediately leave for the coast. In the Sooth Australian Assembly on Tuesday, Sir John D->wner presented a posi tion in favor of the New Zealand treaty. In reply to Mr Gilbert, the Premier said that the Government would enter into similar treaties with other colonies if the opportunity arose. On the estimatrs for the ensuing year sp pe«r grants for purely country works totalling £27.850. The purely Melbourne grant" totsl £39,050; the major portion of the £50,000 for repairs, rent, maintenance, &c.;, will go to Melbourne; and £24,900 has been set aside for public works for tho relief of tho Melbourne u-employed. . Thus, the metro polis g‘ts £ll3 950 and the country at the very most £3O 000. At the meeting of the Sydney Chamber of Commerce on Tue-day, the chairman said there were signs that the depression was lifting ail over the world, and the banking trouble seemed to have entirely disappeared He took a very hopeful view of the future of the wool industry, and said the present increase nf prices in London had not tho appearance of being spasmodic. At tiro annual meeting of the Pastoral Finance Association at Sydney on Tuesday, the report showed that 48 648 bales of wool bad been dealt with, an increase of 73SS bales ov.r last season. The directors had found it necessary to provide accommoda tion for 10,000 bales mere. Satisfactory progress had been made with the frozen meat branch. The report of the officer in charge of the Brisbane labor bureau for the year ending 30th June ssates that during tha year 6S6T of the unemployed were registered, of whom 4589 were assisted to obtain work. The re port adds that the labor market is gradually improving. A suicide is reported from Perth, West Australia. Mr Alex. Kemplsy, restaurant caterer, sent a messenger for some strychnine, and upon his returning with it Kemplay took a dose and died almost immediately. He was suffering financial embarrassment. A Perth (W.A ) compositor named John 6\. Robinson, while catting wood in his yard last week, received a severe blow on the bead owing to the axe getting foul of the clothes line. He resumed work, but soma hours later fell into a state of stupor, which continued for several days, when he died. He had been married only three weeks, hia wife having come from Clones, Victoria, iu the middle of June. 