NOVKL. [?] ? BY . ? OAPTAIH CHARLES KING, \- CHAPTER IX— (Ooimmnm.) 1 Exaotly ! that's in caao sho broko loose, an you pay ; but ovein when iu tho shafts, as ' alio is now, ..botweon tho.lovces, how long would it tako to sweep a fellow from hero out into tbo gulf, providing nothing interposed to'etop hiiu V . ». '.matter oi mmpio raatnomoticoi coiouia tion,' said Feri^r, prootically. 'Thoy say . it'll an cight*intlo onrrent easy out thoro in the middlo whero aho'a booming. Look at . ; that barrel coooting down yonder. Now, I'd lay a ; liver ' I could out looao from hero at rcvoillo and shoot tho passoajbeforo tap3 and nnve'r pull d stroke. It's less than eighty miles down to tho forts.* . 4 Well, thon, & skiff liko that old Anatolo'a blaspheming about lriainy wouldn't tako very . long to rido over that routo, would it f3 caid /. KinEoy,reflootivelv. - ? 4 No, not if allowed to'slido. Bntcnno ... body 'd bo euro to put out nnd haul it in r.3 a prize, -^-flotsam and what-you-may- call-'em. You oco the3Q old niggers all along horo with thoir skills taolang on to overy bit of drift wood that's worth having.' ♦ But, Ferry, do you think thoy'd venture out in suoh a storm aa Sunday last? — think anything could livo in it short of a dcoked ship fr' ? 4 No, probably not. Certainly not Anatolo'o boat,'. 'Well, that's, just what I'm afraid of, and : what Cram and Roynolda dread.' ? Do they P well, co far an that storm a r coneehjed, it would lmvo blown it down stroam, until it camo to tho big bend below hero to tho cast. Thon, by righto, it ought to havo blown against tho left bank. But | ovory.inoh of it has bccuccouted all tho v;ay : to quarantine. Tho wholo river, wan filled i with drift, though, and it might havo beon wedged in' a lot of lops nndswopt out any* * how. . Splendid ship, that! Who is oho, do you suppose f. . Tho great 'black hull with ita lofty +racory of masts and epara was now just about opposite tho barnioks, clowly and majenti cally ascending tho atream. 4 Ono of thoso big British freight steamers ' that moor thero below tho Frcnch ftTarkot, I . rcekon, Thov coldom eomo tip at night unless it's in tKo full of tho moon, and even . then moTo v/itli tho utmost caution. Seo, slowing up now.' 'HeUol Listen 1 'Whatfo that V 02 clairaed Forry, starting to his fcot. A distant, muffled ory. A distant shot. \- Tho sentry. at tho eally-port dashed through ' iho cchoing vaultj then naugl camo tho loud xoar of his pleoo, /ollowed by tho yoll of— *3?iroMitoJ Tho guard!' With ono spring Ferry was down tlioloveo . and darted liko 0. deor across tho road, Kincoy lumboriujf heavily after. Even an ho oped through tho Dtono-llaggod way, tho hoarno roar of tho drum at the guard-houco, fol lowed, instantly by tho blaTO of tho buijlo from tho'battery.quaxtorsj sounded tho stir ring olarra^' ..A bmUI, agonized fcnialo voico was madly screaming for help. Guards and ccutriea wero rufthing to tho ebono, and flamea ? wero biiriiting 'from i' tho front window of Doyto's quarters. Swift though Ferry ran, others, were closer to tho spot. . Half a dozen activo:. young ' coldicra, mcmbero of tho in faiitry guurdr.had epnmg to tho reseuo. When Ferry daahed up to tho gallery, ho was just , in timo to fltumblo over a writhing and prostrate form., to neipcxUnguieutuo uiazmg ' clothing, of anothor, to fioiso' hia water- buokot ? and douso its. contents over a third, — ono . yolling, tho othora. stupoficd by emoko — or something. . In . - less timo; than it takes to tell it, daring fellows had ripped down . tho . blazing ? ehadca and ' ehuttera, toiled them to tho jparado beneath, dumped a heap of soaked ana smoking bodding out of tho rear windows, sploshed 0 fow buckotfula of water about tho roelang room, and tho firo .v wa3 out. But ; tho doctors wero working their best to b'ring.back tho' apark of lifo to . hvo eciwoler^ forms, and to still thoehrioka of . agony that burst from tho scared and blis tered lips of Bridget Doylo. Whilo willing; hands boro theso ccorched iiemblances of humanity to neighboring ' rooms and tender'-hoarted women hurried to add their miniatorin^ touch, and old Braxton ordered tho excited garrison baok to quarters ' and bed, he, with Cram and .Kineoy and Ferry, mudo: prompt examination of tho prenuses. On tho tnbl9 two whuikoy-bottlea, V one empty, ono nearly full, that Dr. Potts ; dccJnrcd wero not tnero wnen no leffc at one. On tho mantel a phial of cWorofonn^ whioh .? : waa alio : not thero. beforo. But a towel conlxcd with tho fitiflintr contents lay on tho iloor by Jim'o rudo pallet, and a handkor chiot half coalcod, half consumed, v/as on tho 'chair which had stood by tho bedoido among ' tho fragments of an overturned keroseno ? Limp. ? A' quick examination cf tho pationt3 : i'hovrcd that Jnu» tho negro, had beeuchloro foraicd -and not . burned at all, that Do^Te 3 1 fverely burned and had probably aniidcd ilnmev and that tho woman wa3 c 2 it1! drink, terror, and burns eom ?'h'rwitL ? .it loo!: iho euortH of t^ro or thrco ?n'-u r:H'I tho iDfhiuuco of nowerful opiates to hn.\ Tured with ncghgenco or com riii' icy on tlio p.'H't of tho/xntrv, tho sergeant o ir puli t ltho*(? and assured colt»*.v*l i.J;v.xton that Jt wau . i'\i en-»y mnttor t c °iPi tj'4 out of. tho iii c coim1 h 1 10 ccntry, , 1 -i 1 it in, 1 1 tho woy 1 f t 1 0 1 1* , In . g wind c ' (ho trc.M .to \- T :?:-co v;?:cto two clats had been shoved asldo. Any ono , coming along tlio street without could pass 1 far beyond tho kon of tho sentry at tho west gato, and slip in with tho utmost caso, ond onco inside, nil that wao necessary was to dodcro possiblo reliefs and patrols. No sentry was posted at tho jpto through tho wnll that coparated tho garrison proper from tho hos* pital grounds. Askod why ho had not to ported thio, tho corgconfe smiled and caid thero woro a dozen othora just aa coDVcniont, go what was tho uso P Ho did not say, how over, that ho and hia follows had rcoourco to them night aftor night. ' = It was threo o'clock whon tho oQloera fomilica fairly got Bottled down again ani baok to their noao, and tho oUoaoa of night onco moro reigned over Jaohson Barracks. On a wmild trannoso that suoh a cccno of ter ror and oxoitomont was enough, and that | now tho trembling, frightonod woraea might bo allowed to alcop in pcaco ; but it waa not to :bo. Hardly nad ono of their number cpsod oyes, hardly had all tho flickering lights, Bavo thoso at tho hospital nnd guard house, been downed again, whon tho strained nerves of tho ODOUpanla of tho offlcora' quad rangle wero jumped into mad jangling onco moro and all tho barracks aroused ascuDnd tlmo, and this, too, by a woman's shriek of horror. Mrs. Conroy, adolieato, fraprilo littlo body, wifo of a junior lioutonant of infantry 00 cupyiuc: a eetof qunrtero in tho came] build ing with, but at tho op-oosito end from, PicrnD and Warinif, was found lying ccncelc:s at tho head of tho gallory Btairn. ? Whon rovived, amid tcara and tremblings and incoherent oxvlamationanho dcolatcd that aho had gono down to tho big ico- ohcct on tho ground floor to get oomo milk for her nervous and friqhtencd child and was hurrr ing up tho ataira again, — tho only mcana of communication botweon tho first and second floors, — when, faco to faco, in front of hia 1 door, oho camo upon Hr. Waring, or hio ghost ; that his oyes\ wero fixed and glassy ; that ho did not rccm torcohcr when ho cpolzo fort^poaU ho did. Hio voico counded liko a 1 moan of anguioh, nho raid, but!tho words , wero distinct : 4 Whero iamy knifo ? Who1 has taken my knifo f * And then littlo Pierce, who had helped to 1 raiso. and carry tho otriokeu woman, to her ; room, nuddenly darted out on tho gallery 1 and ran along to tho door ho had cloned four hours earlier. It was open. Strik- 1 ing a match, ho hurried though into tho ohambor beyond, and thoro, faco downward upen tho bed, lay hio friond and coiurado Waring, moauing;liko ono.^n tho delirium of fovcr. CHAPTER X. Lioutenant Hoynoldo was coated at hin desk at department head- quarters about nino o'clock that morning when an orderly iu light-battery drcsn dismounted at tho banquotto and camo up tho stairs threo at a jump. 'CaptaiD Cram's compliments, sir, and this is immediato,* ho roported, as ho hold forth a noto, Roynoldo tore it opon, read it through, thon caid, ' Go and fetob mo a cab quiok as you can,' and dis appeared in tho general's room. Half an hourlator ho was spinning down tho loveo towards thoFrohoh Itlarket, and boforo ten o'clock was seated in tho captain's cabin of tho 3rig British steamer Ambassador, whioh had arrived at her moorings during tho night. Cram and Kincoy wero already thero, and to them tho Bldppor was telling hb story. Off tho Tortugas, just about as thoy had shaped thoir couroo for tho Belize, thoy wero hailed bv tho steamer Tampa, bound from New Orleans to Havana. Tho coa was calm and tho boat put off from tho Tampa and I camo alongaidft, and presently a gentleman ! was assisted on board. Ho eeetned weak j from illness, but explained that ho was Lioutenant waring, of tho United States . Artillery, hadbsen accidentally carried off to 1 sea, and tho Ambns3ador wna tho first in ward-bound ship thoy had sighted sinco crossing tho bar. Ho would bo most thank fnlfor apassaga back to Now Orleans. Cap tain Baitd had wolcomed him with tho heart iness of a British tar, and mado him at homo in hio cabin. Tho lioutonant wan ovidently fuv from well, and seemed somowhat dazed and mentally distressed. Ho had yivou no account of his mishap other than that told him by tho offlcoro of ths Tampa, which had laid to whon overtaken by tho galo on Saturday night, and on Sunday morning when thoy resumed their course downstream thoy overhauled a light skiff and woro ourprisod to iind a man aboard, drenched and r-cncolesy. 4 Tho left nido of hio faco was badly bruised and discolored, even when ho camo to us,' oaid Baird, 'and ho muoc havo bcou slugged and robboJ, for hia v/ateh, hi3 seal ring, and what littlomonoy ho had wero all gono.' Tho second ofilccr of tho Tampa had fitted him out with a clcan ehirt, and tho otoward dried his clothing as best he could, bat tho coat wa9 6taincd and clotted with blood. Mr. Waring hod elopt heavily muoh of tho way baok until thoy passed Pilot Town. Then bo was up nnd dressed Thursday afternoon, aud eeemingly in hotter spirits, when ho piokod up a copy of tho Nov/ Orleans Picayuno whioh tho pilot had loft aboard, and waa reading that, r/hon suddenly ho started to. hio feot with an ex clamation of ama^e, and, when tho captain turned to nco what v/a3 tho mattor, Wanng v/ao ghastly palo and foarfully oxoited ovor something ho had read. Ho hid tho paper uudcr hia coat and sprang up on deck and. paced nervously to and fro for hours, aud began to growro ill, apparently that Captain Baird wag much worried. At night ho hogged to bo put ashoro at, tho barraoko iu etoacl oi going on up to town, and Baird had hocomo co troubled ubout him that ho confc his second oScer in a gig with him, landed him on tho lovoo opposito tho sally-port, and thoro, thanking them heartily, but dcnlinine: further ossistanco, Waring' had hurried through thoentranco into tho barrack cquaro. lilr/ Koyco, thosccond olucor, caid there wes considorablo excitement,, beating of drums and counding of bu-rleJ, at tho post, as thoy rowed towards tho shoro. Ho did not learn tuo causo. uaptam iiaira was moot anxious to learn if tho gentleman had safely reaohed hio destination. Cram replied that he had, but in a otato bordering on deUriumS'and un nblo to q;ivo any coherent account of himself. Ho could tell ho had been aboard tho Ambassador and tho Tampa, but that was about all. And then thoy told Bafrd that what War ing probably saw was Wcduecday'n paper with tho dotails of tho inquest on tho body of Laocelles and tho chain of cvidenco point ing to hiranelf as tho raiiraercr. Thia caused honest Captain Baird to lay ton to onu ho wasn't guilty and fivo to ono ho'd novor heard oP it till ho got tlio paper abovo Pilot Town. Whereupon all threo ofilcorj olappod tho Briton on tho baok and shook him by tho hand and begged his company to dinner at' tho barracks aud at Moreau'n ; 1 aud thon,, whilo Boynolda oped to tho polico-oQco and j Kincoy back to Colonol Braxton, whom ho represented ot tho interview, Cram remounted and, followed by tho faithful Jofxors, trotted up Itnmmrt Street and eont in latQ card to- Hadamo* Lascelles, and Madatno's maid brought, baok, reply .that. oho. was still- too shocked and stricken to rcoeivo vipitom. So also did Madamo d'Hcrvilly deny hcrcolf, and Cram rodo homo to Noll. 4 It is useless,' ho said. ' Sho will not see mo.' 4 Thon cho shall eeo mo,' said Hrr. Cram. -? And co a pecond timo did Jolforo mako tho trip to town that day, this timo porched with folded armo in tho rutnblo of tho pony phaeton. And whilo sho was gono, tho junior doctor v/aa having tho liveliest, oxporienco of kin -fow vcara of e?orvico. ' Scorched nnd ; burned though sho was, Mw. . Doyle's faouliios seemed to havo returned with ro«'| nowod aoutcncs3 and forco. Sho demanded : to bo taken to her ' husband's fiido, but tho | doctor otornly rofused. Sho demanded to bo told biy condition, but was - informed that it ' co critical that hoiiiu^t not bsdlnlTirbsd, cspoolally by her, who was practioally ro eponsiblo fcrnll his trouble.!. Then eho in sisted on knowing whothor ho woo conscious and wbother ho had asked for a priest, and when informod thatFathorFoloy had already arrived, it required tho strongth of four men to hold hor. Sho raved liko a maniao, and her noroamn 'appalled tho garriBon. But screams and struggles woro in vain. 4 Pills tho JLrow ' sent for his senior, and 4 Pills tho Pitiless * moro than over deoorvod hio namo. Ho sent for a strait-jaokot, saw hor ecouroly stowed away in that and homo ovor to a vacant room in tho old hospital, sot tho Btoward'o wifo on watoh and a ccntry at tho' door, v/cnt back to Waring's bedsido, whoro San» lay tooaing in burning fovcr, murmured hio fow words of caution to Picrco nnd Ferry, 1 thenhdotenod taok to wboropoor Doylo wao j gasping in agony of mind and body, olinging | to tno hand of tho gontlo coldior w thooroso, gazing pitcously into his father confessors oyes, drinking in his words of exhorta tion, yot unablo to mako artioulato roply. Tho ilamon had dono thoir ornol work. Onlv in desperato pain could ho speak ngam. It woo noarly dark whon Mrs. Cram camo driving baok to barracks,* bringing^ Mr Eoynolds with her. Hor oyca woro dilated hor ohcoko flushed with oxoitomont, ao oho sprang from tho low phaoton, and, with a murmuted * Como to mo 00 coon no you can ' to hor husband, nho oped away up tho stairs, leaving him to rccoivo and ontertain hor passenger. * i, too, went to seo uauamo Jjascoues into this afternoon,' said Reynolds. . 4 1 wished to show her this.' It was a copy of a despatch to tho chiof of polico of Nov; Orleans. It otatcd ^in offcot that PhiUippo Lascolles had not been cccn or heard of around Koy West for ovor two weeks. It was beliovod that he hud guno to Havana. 4 Canyon get word of this to our friend tho dotootwo?' nskcdCram. 4 1 havo wired already. Ho has gono to Georgia. What I hoped to do was to noto tlio ofFcct of thio on Madamo Laccollos ; but oho was too ill to ceo mo. Luokily, Mrs. Cram was thero, and I cent it up to her. Sho will tell you. Now I huvo to coo Braxton.' Aud then camo a messenger to ask Cram to joiu tho dootor ot Doylo's quartora at onco : no ho scurried up-stair3 to seo {Nell fiwt 'and learn hor tidings. 'Did I not toll you?* oho oxclaiincd, as ho ho entered tho parlor. 4 Pliillippo Lascolles was hero that very night, ond had been seou with his brother;at,tho ofdeo on Royal Street twice beforo this thing happenod, and tlioy had trouble about monoy. Oh, I mado hor understand. I appealed to hor ao a woman to do what sho could to rirfit Mr. Waring, who wast co generally believed to bo tho guilty man. I told hor wo had doteetivos tracing Phillippo and would noon find how and when ho reached Now Or- | leans. Finnlly I Bhowed hor tho des patch that Mr. Roynolds sent up, and at last j she broko down, burst into tears, and Boid oho, too, had loarnod ninoo tho inquest that j Phillippo wa3 with hor husband, and pro bably was tho strangor roforred to, that nmui mgnt. ono ovou suspected ic at tno timo, for aho know ho camo not to borrow but to demand monoy that was rightfully his, and also cortain papors that Armand hold and that now woro gono. It waa nho who told mo of Phillippo's having been eeon with Armand at tho offico, but oho deolarcd eho could not beliovo that ho would kill hor hus band. I pointed out tho fact that]Armand had fired two shots from his pistol, appar ently, and tl)at no bullot-marks had been found in tho room whoro tho quarrel took place, and that if hia shots had takon effect oa his antagonist ho simply oould not havo been Waring, for though Waring had boon bruisod and beaton about tho head, tho dootor said thoro was no sign of bullot-mork about him anywhero. Sho recognized tho truth of thi3, but otill oho caid oho bolioved that thoro was a quarrel or wa3 to bo a quarrol between hor husband and Mr. Waring. Otherwino I bolicvo hor throughout. I bo liovo that, no mattor what romance thoro was nbout hor nursing Phillipo and his falling in lovo with hor, sho did not oncourago mm; did not call him hero again^ and was truo to hor old husband. Sho in simply possessed with tho idea that tho quarrol whioh killed'Jhor husband was botweon himnolf and Mr. Waring, and that it ocourred aftor Phillippo had got hia monoy and papers, and gone.' 4 W-o-o-11, Phillippo will havo a heap to oxploin when ho is found,' was Cram's rejjly. 4 Now I havo to go to Doyle's. Ho io making oomo confession, I oxpeofc, to tho priest.' But Oram novor dreamed for an instant what that wa3 to bo. That -night poor Doyla's spirit took ito flight, and tho story of misery ho had to toU, partly by sorawling with a poucil, partly by £e3turo in roply to question, partly iu pain fully-gashed sentonoos, a fow words at a timo, waa practically this. Lascolles and his party did indeed leave him at tho Polican whon ho was go drunk ho only vaofuoly know what was going on or what hud napponed in tho bar room whoro thoy wero drinking, but hia wifo had told him tho wholo story. Lascolles wanted moro drink, — ohampagno; tho bar tcudor wanted to olose up. Thoy bought Govorai notuc3, nowovor, onu naa mem puc in tho cab, and La?colle3 wa3 gay and oing in/r, and, instead of going direotly homo, in sisted on stopping to mako a call on tho lady who occupied tho uppor floor of tho houso Doylo rested on tho loveo. Doylo rarely saw her, butobo comotimcs wroto to Lascolles and got Bridgot to tako tho lottor3 to him. Sho wan ootting. hor oap for tho old Frenchman. 4 Wo called her Mrs. Dawson.' Tho cabman ! drovo vory nlowly through tho otorm 03 Doylo walked homo along with Bridget and como man who waa helping, and whon thoy reached tho gato thero was tho cab and Waringinit. Tho eab-drivcr was otanding by hia horco, swearing at tho dolay and raying ho would ohar/70 doublo faro. Doylo had had trouble with hia wifo for many years, and renowed troublo lately because of two visits Lascolles had paid thoro, and that oveniug whon sho sent for him ho was drink ing in Waring's room, had been drinking duriug tho day ; ho dreaded moro troublo, and 'twao ho who took Waring's knifo, and otill had it, ho said, whou ho entered tho gato, and no uoonor did ho goo Lascollas at his door than ho ordered him to leavo. Lascollcsrofuccd to go. Doylo knocked him down, and tho Frenohman sprang up, swear ing vegeanco. Lascolles fired two shots, and Doylo struok onco, — with tho Irnifo,— and thoro lay Lacoellcs,. dead, boforo Doylo could know or realizo what ho was doing. In fact, Doylo novor did know. It was what his wifo had told him, and lifo had been n holl to him over sinco that woman camo baok. Sho had blaokmailed him, moro or lcs3, over sinoo ho got hio commission, becauso of an old troublo ho'dhad in Toxa*. (To Bn Coirnmnm.) 