;wor5SS^«hau1iro ..-h? „..., of the nation Wasdistinguished by b remark- S ablesyicem at external and symbnlioalinsti- j turions, to givethe pebplebompleteassnranae | that the God .whom tbsy worsbipped, the ! greatGod' who created tne'tiuhge of earth, | wasveryneartothem. Asaored tent 'wh i ereobed among their tents inthe wilderness; j and in the inner chamber there wita.V symbol! of God'spretence; In lattertimes hinagni- j fioent temple tree -built in Jerusalem. A-j vieibte eymbol of GoA'c-Psssenoo ,«h there. They were taught tme Wat the borneof God ae the home "of a king was m hie peleoe.. To prevent them -from drifting into , the worship of many gods then was .a unique sonority attached to the observancesofthe Temple. For many centuries there wae the offering of eadrifioes,but at last thepsople were finally resouedftorn idolatry. Satwifioea were offered in the Templa te impresathajn With thogreabnees and holiness of God. j They were taught that God could only be .approached through His.^appointed ; priests, «a great menarohl are pnnoipally ; approached through the offioere of .their i Courts. " They were required to observe cer- i tain oharaoieristio customs. to abstain, for ] example, from certain hinds of food. This • institution of outward symbols bad a tem porary power in the rndimsntfry' religions system whioh existed before the.coming of Christ j but there was no reality, there was no truth, in them. They were only shadows of truth. God- Wat real, as near the ineu in Jerioho as in Jerusalem. A priest was never | really necessary to give men aooeBi to God. Ssorifioes to God were not really necessary to put away ein. The outward ouatoms whioh separated the Jews from other nations did not really spiritually separate them. In their actual life audobaraoter the Jews were, large j numbers of them, just as immoral and just as irreligious While they were observing these customs as any of the heathen. That visible, i external, unreal system of religious institu- j tions had its place and use for a time. When Cnristoaine truth as well as graoeoame with Him. Troth as distinguished from that whioh j is only the shadow of truth, reality as distiu- I guiehed from that whioh is only the eymbol I of truth. There is no life in the mere j material temple. There are no longer priests. There is no longer any visible ] saoriBoe to dietiuguish between the I people and the ohildren of the Eternal. And the rest of mankind is ho longer to be marked off by mere external rites and osre monies, but by real inward spiritual powers. Truth has oome; that means that religious life and worship have their home in the in visible and eternal world whioh lies beyond us, not in mere visible and material institu tions, whioh are only the symbol and unreal. And to this Samaritan woman asked our Lord why Jerusalem was meant as the plaoe. wnere , men ought to worship. She understood Samaria wae the plaoe where men ought to pray. Acts of worship were not to depend oh plaoe. It was to become spiritual, and truB or real, that would disappear, and the saDOtity of all the sonority of the material temple out ward and visible institutions that were con nected with it, .Worship is to be lifting man to new heights. It has passed into a spiritual. order. It has become real. ohbist'b relation to the lowlt. Does it notooour to you that that is a very wonderful dieuovery to bo made by suoh a person as this woman whom the Lord Jesus Christ met at the well? There are people who don't think the don of Man ought to be made visible after this lofty manner to the common people, to the uneducated, to the young, to the undisciplined. The undisciplined require nisuy aids to worship of an external kind. It helps such persons, wearetold,wbenthey think that the Ohuroh building is a eaored plaoe. It helps suoh persons if they think that the minister is an inspired priest by whose . ministry they may find God. It helps suoh ' persons if they regard the bread and wine at our Lord's supper as being in some mysterious sense the very body and blood of Christ. Ithelpsenoh persons when worship is surrounded with great external solemnity and great external impressiveness. It may be admitted that these outward eanotitiea are < unnecessary. It ie admitted that the build ing in whioh the true man worships is no more sacred with the presenos of the minister than other buildings. The impressiveness of the external oiroumetaooes of worship does not make worship more acceptable to God. But it is insisted that to bring the Divine Presence within reaob of the simple sort of people, people who have no spiritual energy, no lofty thoughts, no meditation, is impos sible. Well, that is a kind of oondesoension of those who are inoapable of the nobler sort of life, and of whioh I find no traoe in tbeNew Testament. In the name of the spiritual and Divine I protest against relegating them to any inferior position. In the name of the j Priesthood that binds together all that bare been born of God through the power of the Spirit, I protest against the assump tion that they are not the ahildren of the Eternal, and oannnt offer spiritual worship, and for themselves, by the power of the Spirit, and rise into the immediate presenoe o! God. In the New Testament I find those whose powers are feeblest, those whose knowledge is most limited, are to bs lifted to the glorious heights on which the most eminent saints are standing, not to be left in their weakness on some inferior level. Christ in this conversa tion with the poor sinful woman spoke of the spiritnal nature. The reality of Christian worship was a glorious worship. That is God'e worship. All Christians, the weakest as well as the strongest, are to become spiri tual and real. SPIRITUAL worship. Now this kind of worship is independent of ! plaoe and time. It belongs to the invisible j and eternal order in whioh God and the sonl ; meet together. ' It is necessary to the soul that j God'e greatness and glorious holiness and love j should be confessed. It is joy of the sonl in i God's - perfeoe blessedness and absolute j righteousness and infinite love. It is trust of j the soul in God's transoeudent grace. It is sorrow of the soul for having failed to love 1 and serve Him. -It is thanksgiving of • the sonl for His immense and eternal good ness. Whatever our outward aote may be, there isho worship in spirit and. truth where there is not this movement of the, soul itself towards God. And yet man not a spirit merely. His nature complex, he. tdnohek two worlds, be! belongs to" both. The movement of the soul •] fM#•^jjigifflpjHypffi. „„_. byiraeilbutViaui 'ttis aHerfds'ofkhis afiotm- - tains, bythe magnitude of theocean'.bj^ Ihl atiUnesa and awe ofsoine jpsathuUdiiig.1 -*11 I am filled wlth"jdyby.tha lovfi'&jGbdjbhd; ley oaail/ iutriu wfib ib.ar' oertaial- iiaiDllS buoyanoy like thai prodnoed by 'the ^bright: sunshine, by the bloomingof fiowew.' "By tb» sorrow lot tin id the 'ppesepoe of God there i| a feeling naturally orsated'liko that whieb domes .from listening to pathetic muaio, A mere natural emotion may be prodnoed bynot coming into contact with God stall. Go into a stately Ohuroh with loftytoof, the deep shadows ofsome myttio symbol and anoient memories gathers around yon..- There will. bo a great solemnity produced by thebuUd ing apart altogether from a genie ofGod'S; greatuoeB, bnt in that aire and solemnity then MHo worship. ..' ."" • . TBS DaBOSS OF BKLKHtJUS BMOTIOK. Again, in what it is theoustomtooail a . bright and oheer tulaerviee.there will ..hi buoyanoy, ' the animation created by the service itself apart irem any joyln Godslbve, and in that buoyanoy and animation there will be no worship.* In listening to pathetio • prayers or pathetic muaib there.will bo oreated a oertain pensiyeness like that whioh comes from real eorroir for sin, butifthepeneivOneBS is prodnoed by pathoe tbe prayer or mnsio U not a reality between a penitent soiil and God. My fear is that there are largo numbers of persons who mistake emotion .produced, by external and natural means for worship ill spirit and truth.- You think that yon. ate bowing with rererenoe to God in the service that you are taking part in, the_ impressive servioe, the great congregation id a noble building. Is it the servioe that creates solemnity, or is it God that creates it? Test that question. God is near to yon in the square white-washed building, with a small oobgregation, where there is nothing to make the eervioe outwardly impressive. Are yon filled with God and solemnity there! You think your religious joy is otuminated when the eervioe in stimulating and exoiting, when there is a band, when there is fire in the singing. Is it joy in God that yon feel, or a mere natural effect of the buoyancy of the servioe? Test it. By the servioeB in whioh there are all these mere natural stimulants you think you have had a visitation of devout emotion, when you have been muoh moved by pathetic musio or pathetio prayers. Perhaps you have, but test it. Do these influenoes come to you—influences whioh sometimes touch ana move the moat irreligious and the most immoral man in the congrega tion as deeply as they touoh the most sabred? As to forms of servioe, the muaia to oantribute to this mere natural emotion is a question of extreme delioaoy and difficulty. The oonsnm mation of that question is dependent npon the condition of the differentOhnrchesatdifferent - times, bnt we need to discourage emotion by unlawful and impressive aervioss as unneces sary to spiritual worship. To encourage emotional and very impressive services IS almost oertain to lead to fatal and ruinous adoration, in whioh natural emotion is mis taken for real worship of God. In one of the. late Matthew Arnold's works be deals with this fundamental error. He takes it for granted that worship ought to be im-. preesive. He eaya, "To make worship .impressive in its external manifestation, its song, the splendour of its observance. Dei this holds its way through all outward, and inward life. Publish it in song and splen dour." Strangely tbGse words oontrast with our Lord's aooount of the only worship that God oares for. The true worshippers shall worship " the Father in spirit and truth." The error iB fundamental, the assumption that worship is intended primarily to impress men. In prayer I appeal to God. To please Him I must think of Him, of His infinite grace, of His eagerness to help me; I must think of obtaining His blessing, not of bow my prayer may imoreea those who hear it. In thanks giving I am praising Him for His goodness; I must think of Him not of how my thanks giving will impress the people who hear it. In adoration I shall ba lost in the vision of His glory. If I begin to think of how my adoration will impress other menitoeases to be adoration. I daresay some bore will re member that it used te be a feproaoh to use extempore prayers that we sometimes ad dressed to the congregations rather than to God, when the minister tbongbt of the people rather than of the King. To whatever extent that is true the prayer ceases to beoome adora tion; it becomes a sermon, and to whatever extent thia idea of making worship impres sive is carried it beoome liable to the same reproaoh. If intended to impress people by its awe and solemnity the pathos oeaaes to be worship. Worship it then worship only ia form and in name. It is intended simply to impress those who witness it, those who take part in it. Its work and value is determined by the depth of impression it makes on those who take part in it. Let those of us who believe in the worship of God see that the worship be directed to Him. The impression it produces on the mind is therefore secondary. .Puritanism, in its bus tereneas, mistook passi venose for reality. In their lofty vision of the greatness of the Eternal they were led to suppose they were worshipping God when they were only filled with emotion. If natural emotions whioh are akin to spiritual aota may, assiBt to provoke those acts, there is something perilous in the dirention of powerfully stimulating the natural emotions when we are engaged in Christian worship. ' Firstly, we should not discourage holy and invisible exsrtionB to worship. Secondly, to prove that the real spirit is really full of -reverence and trust and joy created by the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, mid. by direct oontaot with God. There is something perhaps of exaggerated regret in the tempos in which we are apt to look back on the great' times whioh are gone, but there is some truth; I fear, whioh we are all quite prepared to acknowledge, in the difference of spiritual depth-between our own life and the lives of ourfatberg. 