|jgaa|. . ^85^h^sg''*pjily;to^ S^^SSt^^Sj^^*SW«SaSb4^M®4: w?QT-Gener».l'' Jar < * Band: Board." i Mr/ BrootarfoUowedair JenkjnGoles last voir ^8 thought the Aon. gentleman wia extranjely ..cautions;; -But rtheHouse «!«!a* ^.? psndalotn, going book wards nndf orwards, Bit Jenkin—I »m oautious stilL *£» o ®ro^et>»,keS Ifltjyore wise to allow theBarveyor- GeneraVno6ivitbstanding.Bll the »!l.(irie^ei^S t?,ae*?e<1* *> dad mfchthe matter. Did the/ intend -..to provide for w»ing therents eaytwo years henoe, When the pnoes of wool rose? This was a tremendous power to give to two men. The Commissioner—The Surreyor . General reports now before it trat sent to the X,»ud Board.' Mr. Brooke*— i.lB,P?"ta°n» were not the same.There -should be a cardinal principle which the uabinet should follow in any reduction. Mr. Jruynton ^opposed. -the Goverriment proposal beoatus it deferred surrender for twelve months, allowed the regponsibilty for exoeaaive rent, and it was quite possible no relief at ^11would be. afforded. While the present Parliament asserted relief was essen tial the new Parliament oould rescind the resolution under it. -He there tore supported Mr. Howe's' amendment, lie wat surprised to hear Sir John Downer declare that he would not give relief to 'hose who competed at auotion. Mr. Oastine — Are you sure he said that ?" 3ir John Downer— lI said great oars should be need." »lr. royoton agreed bh&baaution; wuneoeBBary* There should be soma limitation of the time under which applications for reduction oould be made. Sir Jenkin Coles moved that the time should be limited to sue months after 1st January, 1896. Replying to Mr. Brooker, he explained that he moved his proviso last year as a last re source, beaause the House had agreed to allow every lessee in Class 1 to surrender, and b&o;&UBQ; that maaiiti reduobioa of rent, extension of the terms Of the lease and giving the present leaseholders the rjghs to parohaeo the improvement*, at the value whioh at that time was fixed by toe Board. There was no aot in his polieioal life with whioh he felt more satisfaction than the one referred to. A life-long experience would guide the Surveyor - General, who bed an iatimate knowledge of almost every square mile, and then there would be the reports of his officers. Mr. linudseer aporoved of tho amendments. Mr. Meule pointed out that as the applica tions tor reduotio&s; of rent would not be con sidered till the last day for coming in, the delay in granting relief would be inoreaeed. It would be better to make it three months after passing the Aot. To insert a maximum term of red notion 'of rent was open to the objeotion that it was almost equivalent to a direotion instead of making l» ?Ja^nmen4 tesponsiblefor fixing the term. Mr. McDonald was doubtful whether the substitution of the Surveyor-General tor the Board would be eatisfaotory. Surveyor General meant the Minister, and pastora lists had always objected to the Minister having the final word in anything. Mr. Foster understood that the reduotion of rent would apply to the unexpired term of the Ieaee not on acoount of low prices, but be oause oertain lessees bad given exoessive prioea in the auotiou-room. Mr. Homburg— That is a bad pr nciple. Tbe Hon. J. H Howe agreed with Sir J. Ooles'e amendment, but it would be a mistake to aooept Mr. Bur goynes. He did not intend the Board should travel over class 1 country; there was no necessity. The Board was not subservient to the Commissioner, and oould do the work without extra expense or loss of time. Mr. -Riddooh expressed great eatiefaotiou at the tone of the debate. Would Sir Jenkin Coles' amendment prevent applioatioo for reduotion of rent before January 1 next! Sir J. Coles did not think the Bill would be settled much before that date. There was nothing to pre vent the Commissioner from settling eaob application on its individual merits as it ostne in, and he hoped he would. Mr. Homburg thought that to send on appli cation to the Surveyor-General for reoom mendation without inspection or valuation would result in injustioe. Still, it was the best thing to do. It was absurd to continue the classification, the occasion foj it (a matter of tenure not quality) having passed away. The 1888 lessees ought to be kept to their con tracts, instead of another premium being given to break contracts. The only question the Commissioner oould consider was not whether a lessee could afford to pay his rent but whether the rent was fair, having regard to the quality of the land and prioes of pro duots. The pastoral lands were not half developed, but greater developmentdemandnd better termB. Mr. Butler supported Mr. ! Howe. Mr. MoPherson would grant relief, I not _ to aaoomtnodate those who had been j foolish at auotion, but to retain occupation of ' theccnntry. Henoe be supported Mr. Howe. ' He was not sorry to be able to support Mr. Burgoyne, because the Board had not given unmixed satisfaction. He also supported Bir Jenkin Ooles'e amendment. Mr. Glynn said if Mr. Howe's amendment were oarried the Government would abandon the rest of the eurrond r olauses. If so he would vote against the amendment, because it was an insult to the oonutry to offer them suoh a piece of pastoral legislation. The figures whioh Sir J. Ooles had quoted were blinding the Houbb. Sir John Downer also opposed multiplying the systems of tenure, Mr Bsrtlett opposed any dealing with the 1888 leases. The three amendments wera carried on the voices in a thin House. Sir John Downer and Mr. Haudyside were absent. The clause as amended was oarried. The Commissioner stated that the Government intended to strike out the rest of the olauses relating to the sur render. The House had decided to give relief to those who paid too high agent, bat the Go vernment would allow no alternative. At half-past 4, clause 19—V Improvements thereon to be valued"—was called on. Mr. Bnrgoyne pleaded (with the Commissioner! as the two oqursea oould be oarried i out, to reconsider his decision, but the Commissioner was.,-obdurate. Mr. Giles baoked up Mr.- Burgoynee, remarking that it wat jStrange for the Government to abandon an important part -of a measure without calling for a BeoUion. The Original' Bill with clause Effect of unrevoked Surrender■ notice'—omitted was better than Il§^ - {Heer.hear j ^ettbonl «mi&%l :mmm0mBi^msi&m;§f&s; ■**A~^,*^^i|iy'^Mw8w|B,<i^i^to!i . _ir JJGoleamight tibt au1)iwni»tSveB^h^^iireai6;^We'<3hi^l tijtohbdlnfbrihed fciia'tbit be wohldl--— "the -Amendment suggested |>y/.Hr.*Btn_ to -L be .eonsfllted «' to whether any ? « it ■•Wi'-^-OUm r-T ^|»hntr/r;:'|*hiai«tati for eubdivirion. (TheOomihisMonerbfOrqwii; Lxudi-^'Thnt is impossible.") . It thbT^ttd^vS reported that it wag Apt suitablethen.4t%pttW?"3| be dealt with onder the Adtof J698, AUhon^; J ; j. the Board mlghtooiieidertbatodvmVryto^ey^'s wm hot suitable Joreubdivi«u>n, wftsitpoe-.:, eible that the country wouldnot be suitableer---. rixiuired for some other purpose iiftemijeara-% hence ! They had told time sitertime th»t , . ; :: it wet idle to divide up the Abuntfr between Hudande end the Murt»y;r;}J»utv;£" now, instead el sheep cunning _n over:. • :> it there were hundreds of , fMhilieSfc , living there", owing to the low rente the Government were charging. Judging by the .; • ■ 'put notions oft he PastoralBoard, thire would;' be little or node of the S8 country whioh , would be considered fit fornnj othBroocupa- / tion than that to whloh it was now pat. "That-$ meant the upsetting ofall they had been fighting for. It meant giving the extension of the term of the lease,a reduotionofrent, V',': probably rednning the value of the improve- , ' ments—at the present time some haa been reduced one-half of the amount stated in 1883 —and worse than all it meant praotioally ' . : looking up. all that country, whioh was the . only oountry they had to look to to euoouraga the youth of the colony. .{Mr. Brooker-^ "The Surveyor-General is Chairman of the Board.") lie was only one against two, and he would- bs utterly power*, less. He gave an instanoe where the-, valne of the improvements on the Strangway* Sun, whioh in 18S8 were valued at £800. were now valued at £400. He listened to Mr. . . Burgoyue delivering a speech to his con stituents at Quorn and also to Mr. Foster who, by-the-by, spoke in terms so loud and so effectively that he sent the Ohairman of Com- . mittees prostrate to bed and made tbem think that he waa anxious to save time and addras' : his constituents at Port Augusta aiid Quorn at . . the same time. (Loud laughter.) Mr. Fostes then said he would be no party to doing any* thing in connection with _ the Olass 1 oountry other than reducing the rents"; ;r to those who might need it. (Mr, Foster—.. . Hear, hear.) Mr. Burgoyne spoke: in exactly the same terms. Therefore he WW. surprised to tiud that Mr. Bnrgoyne attempted to introduce an amendment whioh would hays-" the effect of doing the exaoo opposite to thai he referred to at the meeting. A miatakv would be made to refer the land to any Board. The oountry did not want the land looked np. That was shown by" the scores of applications for land whioh were made when aby large block was offered.' They were looking up. that oountry if they paesed Mr. Burgoyne's amend ment, and they would be able to open it only with a golden key. ■ ' ' Sir John Downer said as Sir Jenkin had been reminiscent, he would be. He remem bered the time when he had hoped to. get the oountry out of .a-difficulty, and brought in a Bill dealing with pastoral matters to.give effect, to that hope, but he also., remembered how oertain members of .the House opposed it, and he failed through the taotios of those members. " He also remem bered the time when Sir Jenkin Coles, as a. member of a Ministry a few months later, brought in the same Bill, and pro posed to give thousands of pounds away in addition, and it was carried. He only liked, to think of the bon. member for flight as ait ting fairly and judicially between all parties and not taking part in controversial politics. (Mr. MoPhereon—-"He did good service to the country lest session.") With a few more years' experience. Mr. McPhetson would come to the oonclusion that Sir Jenkin Coles had dene very bad servioe to the country. When be said chat the ory for relief was for the 1888 country, and no one else,, he was saying what was not accurate as faras he (theSpeaker) was conoerned. It would be found to ext-nd to Glasses 2 and .3. He felt greatly annoyed when he heard that gentle man say that they were actuated by a desire to get some relief and benefit to the 1888 lessees and not to pastoral iste of South Aus tralia generally. He looked upon Classes 2 - and 3 as of more importance than Class 1 (Mr. Poynton—" You have not said muoh about it, then.") He was sorry to have to con tradict another hon. member. Heepokewith, reference to it on the second reading. What., he objected to was that when Sir Jenkin Coles spoke he spoke with authority as the Speaker of the House. (Hon. members— "Oh.'j He knew what gang the hon. member belonged to. (Premier—"I know the gang you are in now)." Sir John Downer did not want to bandy wards with the Premier. He granted him mors power of vituperation and inveotive than he claimed to possess. The question waa what was to be done. The Government had jumped at the amendment of Mr. Howe— (Hear, hear. Commissioner of Crown Lands —"That is not oorreot")—whioh meant that that part would be wiped out. The Treasurer—The Government opposed It strongly. Sir John Downer—The Commissioner inti mated to the House that they were going to accept it. The Treasurer—The very opposite. Sir John Downer—I heard that fall from the Commissioner of Grown Lands. At least that was my impression. The Commissioner of Grown Lands—Then you must be very dull of comprehension, Sir JohnDowueri—As-far as I am ooncerned the Oountry Party went praotioally for Mr. .. Howe's amendment, and the Government jumped at it. They let it be carried without* The Commissioner of Crown Lands—What, was the use of the division -when we were' beaten 3 to I? ■ r ^ _ ' Sir John Pownereaid beoattse.vhe .Govern* r. r; ment had given them a reduction of rent, they - i were going to abandon the surrender bloutes. ." He could see no relation between the two,. - (Commissioner ."of jprotvo - Lande —i explained the ^relation. rir, the House ^ I a vrfiile agoV You ware abrept then.") ~ Now-it hadbeenptbved by *be*^rtoh>i9fThe - Government that their objeat f*!<ts simply to jump at the toQendment in owr ^ Avoid' further-respohaibnity. HAWonfd'«ipport Hie Country Party... Sir J.Oolea said Sit eD ,311 . ■?«gi2 Ofhisooeupyingtbe position pf Speaker ,?|»af to .his- giving . expression '5^*twasihepd>ltiontakenbyevej^bnsvyh6 j®iaf4;4^n^9»lter.^ -ThS obiBolidn;Sir John S^Nfegk /*o^ his-retnarks; land /position dame Si/ -htrSngelyfroin bim. He had a vivjd'rebolleo x'v V:t!on?when he delivered a epeeob oh the Taza ^'^bn:nul^-BVr6hger than anything he had said //-/op-theTaetorfil Biiu Sir Johnweht oyer and /i/wKi^b^damthhim iandeongratulated bim. S% IkKbieienalohoera.} Whenever he said any 'SirJbhn agreed with he always /■^ ; when Sir John differed ''he Addptedanotberooorse. , (Laughter.). He |l*V5#bninjl^vfal»e to his position as member for ^4^^(h*illinaatreitor toSoutb Australia, having /:/; been Commissioner of. drown Lands; if. he V-:- held his tongue when pastoral legislation was " AlBderoonsideration. (Cheers.) .' $0 this impressive , rleply Mr. MePherson I'/ -added an. exoellent baoking-up effort, oon-. K-ieUding that Sir John Downer last session affeoted to he' oonoerned only with outside country, hub when Bir J. Ooles'e amendment * " as to the 1888 country was aooepted by the Government he showed what his intentions -' .were. (Ministerial oheers.) To assist the 188S V/ *: lessees was prabbtoally the only objeot Sir * John bad in view. /'■'■ Sir John Downer—That is false. Do you -.Understand that! " Mr. MoPherson understood that when it bamefrom a gentleman. If Sir John Downer ' ' had been, earnest about the outside country aBill would have been plaood on the Statute ■ book laBt 'year. Sir John had dpneagreat I injustice to Sir Jenkin. (Premier—" Hear, hear.") He sincerely appreciated theeffortB \- of 8it J. Coles to give valuable information .] refcpeoting a matter in whioh tbey were all ; sincerely desirous of doing the best. (Cheers.) Mr.'Burgoyne, who hod been absent from the House for a few minutes, was astonished on returning to find "the air eleotrio&L; He \- denied that his attitude was' inconsistent with his Quorn .epeeoh. lie proposed to move a hew clause to follow No. 5 if the surrender clauses were etruok out, otherwise be would move it as a proviso to olause 27. The clause in question was as follows: — Before reletting on lease any landv which had previously been held onder a pastoral lease the Commissioner shall obtain a report from the Surveyor- General orfromthe Land Board for the nearest district, for the purpose of ascertaining Whether such lands, owing to the natureof the soil, the rainfall, or proximity to seaboard or to a rail way, already constructed or aboot to be con structed, are suitable for subdivision into smaller \- holdings for grazing and cultivation purposes; and \- if tiie Surveyor-General or the Land Board, as the case may he, shall report that any such lands are not suitable for such subdivision, then such lands shall be dealt with as provided in this Act and in j Act BBS of 1898. Mr. Moule must go with the Government. -The great bulk of the country was in his district. There had been many petitions from j agriculturists to oooupy 1888 country. Years ago, instead of. appointing a Board of . Advioe, an outside Board was appointed at great expense, whioh looked up eome .of the . best lands. He oited Merry vale on the WeBt Coast. Land whioh bad been pronounoed worthless had been resumed at a oost of £10 • per. mile. The Government might get an / opinion from the Surveyor General as to * -what land would be probably wanted for settlement daring the next twenty years, . and then let them deal with all other land. The Commissioner of Crown Lands— / ' The.Surveyor-General would say be did not knowwhat future oonditionB would be. Mr. Moute retorted that the Commissioner's state ments must be taken with reservation after I ; : , he had threatened to resign if an appeal were > allowed. : ' The Commissioner of Crown Lands—That . is absolutely untrue. The Chairman—That expression must be withdrawn. The Commissioner of Grown Lands—I don't tee why 1 should withdraw it, when the leader | Df the Opposition is allowed to tell an hon. , member that he is saying what is faith. The Chairman—I did not hear it. . Sir J. Coles—Withdraw it. ( Commissioner of Crown Lands—If I cannot lay a thing is untrue while another oan say it is false,! objoot to withdraw it. The Chairman—The Commissioner must withdraw it. (Hear, hear.) Commissioner of Crown Lands—I withdraw the expression. I say the statement is con trary to faob. Mr. Moule—I have heard that before. Commissioner of Crown Lands—I will pnt my word against yours. Mr. Moule—The Commissioner's word was in blaok and white. Commissioner o' Crown Lands—Where 1 Mr. Moule—At Port Augusta. The Chairman did not consider the matter J relevant to the clause. Air. Moule argued that it was. The Commissioner of Crown Lnnds said Mr. Moule bad stated several times that he bad laid he would' resign rather than grant an appeal. That was absolutely contrary to fact. What be had said w&b; that rather than grant an appeal to the Supreme Court he would resign, and if the rest of the Government had insisted upon granting the appeal whioh Sir John Downer desired he would not have re mained in the Government. (Mr. Brooker— " He wanteyou to resign.") That was what he wanted, but he oould tell Mr. Moule that if he did so the hon. member had not the ghost of ' a show of securing the position. (Laughter.) j _ He bad striven all hie life to be truthful, and whatever efforts the hon. member might make In the future to make his character as had as ■ ; other people he would nob take the slightest notioeof him. Hie statement bad not the slightest warrant, and the hon. member bad done bis utmost to misrepresent him. Mr. Foster repudiated the suggestion that when Sir Jenkin Coles said anything in the / House it was oarried. He did not want to ,. tonob the 1888 leases beoause of the risk, but /Mr. Burgoyno's amendment took half the /." danger away'; still there was more danger in it £ban he would risk. If they went ou with ' this yioious principle there would be whole \- . sale surrender.. What Parliament wanted was tokeep the country near the oentros of popu Iation for the denser population which would dome. " Sir John Downer was delighted with the i perfeob sympathy existing between Mr. 7 . MoPherson and the Speaker. Probably when . . Bir Jenkin Cules said the railway department 'was overmanned and that £20,000 oould be saved hewould meet with the approval of Mr. 7/ MePbersob. ' ' - j Sir Jenkin Coles—He did not complain of my speaking.' ' -r .. ., /&ir; John Downer—Neither did he, and •he . would nave^tuggest that the Speaker should . 7 not address ther Jlouse, blit he did say that ; • When the Speaker dame down for a tumble'he / should be prebhrfed to receive as well as give'a1 Ia(l. 'As' far'iie pastoral matters were eon-' /f/toraed the' old' warhorse had oarried. the ' gpeaker v^vay. 1 ^Laughter.) His own position -: • ' 212 .\j :iiBvaidat'#n3^*b'b^t^^^inmu«oher:|>r beeathktihereahouldbe ho classification, bcoaasB allciasB sboalcl be dealt With on their menta,>tidith%tthera«hofildlM^'ZiSBdBBaiid >^Land^ort/whibbabould«eHlB»U'tbe questions dealing with area,tennre, aUdrent in eaoh oaae. '(Commissioner a! CrownLande -^"Did; "ybu nol want .theLandlord and Tenants Abb appliedlo the pastbralist*?") It «ra$ not hie motion, lint he supported it. ' The GommiMionerofCipwn Lauds had stotedfhab heopposedthe appeal to the£ apiemeOourti, bat he bad offered the Commissioner an appeal to any Board so long as it was nofoompojed ofOivil servants. ' ,. ;V . T . f; -' Mr. Giles regretted that theSpeaker should come on to the floor of :!>he House toaobuao Mr. Burgoyneof ohangingfront. J Sir Jenkin Coles—I did nothing of the sort. Mr. Giles—Mr.-Burgoyne had nob changed hie opinions.. The Speaker—Hear, hear. Mr. Giles did nob approve of the Government pro posal. He wanted; the land dealt with,'not lockinghp thairequired for the farmers, and the Land Board obuld eaeily say which land was not required. Mr Butler oontended that Mr. Howe's amendment had done all that wae necessary. Mr. Homburg oenaured the Government for going baok on its own Bill, seeing that Mr. Howe's romedy. wae. part and paroel of the Government measure. When the Bill was brought down it was intended that to eome extent olasBifioa tion should be done away with. Sir John Downer and himself had always oontended against it,.and the Government to some extent agreed, and now bon. members complained that they were fighting for the abolition of all olassifioation. Just as they had carried the Board of Appeal, whioh was opposed by the Government, they would carry the abolition of classification. (The Premier—" What was your abbibude on the appeal to the Supreme Court ?") He did nob go for an appeal to the Supreme Court, buthe wanted a Land Board on the lines laid down by Sir John Downer. He asked the Government to reconsider the position. If the Commissioner of Crown Lands was sinoere, he would take another vote on clause 18, for instead of being defeated be would be viotorious. The Commissioner of Crown Lands said some hon. members had been caught in their own trap. Mr. Giles had been very aotive lately, and when be found that the Country Party was going to carry Mr. Howe's amendment (hat gentleman thought they oonld also pass the other clauses. The Government would take another vote, or two votes, to secure their own Bill. Mr. Giles, who was indignant at the referenoe to a trap, said ha bad never been in favour of the amendment of Mr. Howe, but he was overruled by the party, and he was faithful to his party. He again oharged the Com missioner with coming down to the House and - trying to mislead and prejudice hon. members one against another. What had the Premier done since he had been in tbe House? He had ruined the paBtoral industry. (The Premier—" Kept an eye on you.") If the Pre mier had to keep an eye on him the oonntry had to keep an eye on the Premier. The hour for the adjournment of the House (0.30) having approaohed . prevented any further development of warmth on the ques tion. Progress was reported without any deoision being arrived at upon clause Id. 