Hannted Tby Pirates. There ib a legend which, I am Bure, erery« one having tbe remotest connection with tbe navy hag beard, I know half a dozen or* more vermona of it, -varying greatly in detail. All combine, to lay the scene in the East,, sometimes in Jupau, sometimes in Ohina. What I believe to be tbe most authentic form o£ the story places it at Tientsin. Twenty years ogo, let us say, there eame- to Tientsin an Erjglit- htnnn and his boh. Tho father wbh a retired army officer of some means, ond tbey were travelling for pleasure They took a fancy to Tieutsin, and decided to settlo there fur u while. Looking about for a bonse, they were much attracted by one just outside the city, which stood near the water's edge and commanded a beautiful view of the harbour. Their friends, and more especially their ObineBe servants, cried out aghast : Tbey must not think o£ such a tbiDg. Tho houco was haunted. No one had lived in it for years. The Eugliubmen, however, were not to be frightened off by any Buc,h Billy stories. They ranted the house and moved in. For several. months all went well. One evening the Bon who had been dining' in to wn came home quite latei As he opened' the fropt door bo btmrd what foamed to be a scuffle in his father's room. Befoie he could reach the t-ip of the stairs a soul-piercing Bhriek rose high above the confuaed din. Then all was silent. Rushing into his father's room the young man found him Jyiog on the floor in a pool of blood. There was no one else in the room, nor was there any apparout way for anyone to have left it without, paeeing him in the ball, A knife waB sticking in the breait of the wounded man,, a wicked looking Malay knife, witha curiously carved handle, The young man stepped into the hall to- call the servants to his father's assistance. When ho stepped back into the room a moment later tho knife had disappeared. The wounded man never rallied. He lived several hour*, but wub not able to speak. HiB t'uee wus distorted by an expression o£ unutterable terror and he died with tho' look Btill in his eyes. The associations of the placo were too painful for his son to remain there longer. He paoked up hiB belongings and returned to England. Months passed, perhuipo years; I do not know. But after a certain lapse o£ time one ot our men-of-war vihited the harbour o£ Tientsin. Several of the ofEcers were aBbore one night dinina; with a party of foreign resident at ihe club. Some one told the story of the haunted house and the murdered Englishman, adding that the nutives said that the murder was re-enacted every night at the same hour. ' Let's visit tho houso some night,' one of the officers suggested, ' and see the show.' ' Why not to-night P' exolaimed a young Dane, whom wo will agree to call A. ' We have plenty of time, and the steward of the club has tho keys of the house. TheEngliih man left them with him when be went away,' Perhaps the excellent olnb punch had made them even braver than usual, Anyhow, the suggestion was received with ncclamationB. Some one produced a lantern. The reBt filled their pockets with matches and candle ends. When tbey were roady to start they looked about for A. He was nowhere to be found. One of our officers could not refrain from ex pressing some amusement that the organizer of the adventure should prove tho only one afraid to carry it through, ' ' Afrnid,' cried one of tho club member*. 'Yon don't know' him. He doe«n't know, what fear means, I'll wager he's up to some deviltry at this moment. Probably he baa gone on ubnud to put on a pillow case and ploy ghoBt for us.' Tbey hud to hurry to roach the house at the intended hour. ' There it is,' some ono said, at last, ond Lieutenunt B,, who carried the lantern, looked at his wivtoh by its light and announ cod that they had just three minutes to spare. The door was unlouked with difficulty, for the fauteniogu had grown rusty from disuse. 'By George I', cried the first man who (?topped into tho hall, ' There's something goiDg on upstairs.' ' - A cry of agonised despair startled tho smiles from their lips and quiolcened their steps to a run, B, pushed open the door o£ the room from which the sounds had come. As he did eo, and beforo ho oonld see any thing, the lantern wuh dashed from bis hand uml the door Blauimtid behind him. He stood still iti the darkneas for a few awful, terroMitriolten seconds. Then be took a step forward aud tsipped over Botne t'hing on llie floor, He stooped over, nnd bis bund encountered a pool of warm oozing liquid, Tho instant during which his friends in tho hall wero utrikinp; a light and opening the door Beemed an eternity. At last the door wab oponod, Tho young men orowded in with their urtudlen, Thoro at their feet lay poor A, with the Mulay knife In liiu hoart. Explanations are always un anti oliiitax.. But tho explanations of the foregoing triigody in too curious in omit, though its protonsionH to being a ghost story aro thoroby dtmtroyod. After this soonnd tnurdor tho authoritioa woro nrouBod to a display of tardy activity. The houso wuu carefully soirohud, und tho discovery mudo that the walls wore double containing ucorut doors, Htairoa*es and storage chain born, / Ono of those secret doors aooountod for tlio murderer's onoapo, and his return to got' tho knifo, which lie evidently folb would bo ti dnngernus oluo. In tho eoorot oluttnboru , were Hound a considerable supply of arms nnd a largo quantity o£ valuables of tho most varied doioription. It was evident that) thoplaoo had boon uaod an a refuge nnd otorphouao by Ohinoaoplrato,! its proximity to tho water making it tho moro aonvonient. Tlio Anvnor of tho ltnife nnd somo tmmibura of tho gnna woro oubatiquontly captured and put to dontli, 