CHIPS AND LEAVES. (BY SYLVjVNtj'g.) Oar school system being one of free compulsory education, has been called the greatest, blessing that ever was allowed to fall on this bie9scd country, bat to my philosophic reasoning, it IB praised without results being taken into consideration. Tlie children go to school, and after ten years what do they know. They know how to read andi write, and figure n little, but I consider in those ten years tliey arc taught a'lot of rubbish—parsing for instance. After they leave school-tho children never hear of their old ncqunintances, tlie noun, verb, adverb, plural, mood, tense, etc., and when reading the newspapers they arc often puzzled by some word, and they search the dictionaiy (they did not use one at school) for knowledge that in my opinion they should have acquired at school. Oar school system is undoubtedly a great blessing, but I think there is room for improvement iu the books that are now used in the schools. I was asked the other day to Sign the pledge, but I did not do so, as I consider it no restraint to a man. If a man so far- forgets his manhood, as to disgrace himself by drink, all the pledges in creation won't keep him from drink, When I feel inclined to go to Underwood's for my sixpen'orth in a billy, I don't want the ghost of a mutilated pledge haunting me during the hours of my saintly sleep. I prefer the ghost ot a foaming billy nt any time. I think t'-iat publicans ought to_.be called chemists for a man gets better mcdipihe at a pub, than at a drug stom, and a stuff much easier taken. Some people say drink is a curse, if so, I'll make oue to down with it. • • Where there's smoke thore's fire, and where there's fire there's warmth ; and to the smart, signs are useful. A. family living near me contains some grown up girls, nml one of these girls.^s i-'i love. How do I know, you siiy. ltj[\ signs, my friend. Whore tiifw'ajlprip/ there's .kissing; where there's 'love there's marriage ; nnd where there's, kissiug there's—what a mighty lot' of thing*. Last Sunday night I heard the clinp 9ay guiid-night to Ills girl, aud then-there was a lot of souud like n cow pulling her ..hoof out of a bog hole. Those sounds were the signs of kissing; kissing is the sign of love, and love is the . sign of the. fools sometimes. Always look out for signs, my friend?, I always do, hotel signs mostly. * * I hate selfish people, people who are trying ifo fill their own purses, even by.- making others suffer. Even newspaper men are sometimes selfish, money- grubbing nnd grasping. Some papers preach the virtues of advertising; how printers ink is the leier of success, and stepping stone-to fortune, and to make n business pay we must advertise. Yes, iay cunning boys, advertising pays the^jiU ter, puts coin into his inky kick.' l it means so much per inch to fill up the dusty columns of his dry and daaty rag. I detest such money- grubbing hlatlierings. Some men who liare ndrertised for years in tho select journals have gone broke. The press of this colony wants a little more braiiiB—pm». sent company excepted. 