TEE EASTER GHOST. It was a most bloeso-nful Easter morning in the old Alabama town. Daffodils fair as those that lined Persephone to the under world shook their tiny golden coblete in the sunshine. Chinese niatruolia.?, with tht-ir smooth, iavenier- colcred i-ide?, be.id drauglits oii sweetness fur the breezeB t) sip. Yeliow jessamine dangled t. Thousand golden bells from pillar or tail cedar. Ce ;il Lee Ver: felt a delicious thrill of joy at the filling?* of spring and sunshine. He had faJled strenuously all Lent, but fill tha austerities piwe^ssd by the youag rccior of St. Lazarus eould not ksep down the buoyant physical strength of Lira. But his asceticism helped to build upou him a toul of such power that it seemed to one and another of his congregation that he but thought of a needed reform in his world, and, lo, it was accomplished. Oi all the elcctric currents of spiritual force he seemed able to lay hand for good. But there was one tiling he had thought over a great deal of late without bringing his hopes anywhere near an accoaip'inhmeat; the Gains household could not be interested in Church work. They paid fairly, promptly their pew rent, and lent their calla lilies when asked for decoration, but; they were otherwise wholly careless. They were new to the town, having come to live in an immensely old house, as Alabama houses go, come to them lately by inheritance. They were ch.irming people: Maebelle Gains was wholly so. She was to be married ^ soon. Cecil had met her and her betrothed j walking toward her home ia the twilight laBt evening. Mae'oelle held a handtul of white camellias, and Cecil had thought she looked just as magnificent and soulless as they. Now with the richness of the morning and the strength of a fast breaking in him he determined to make one more effort to interest these two in those matters that were more than breath of life to him. With this in view he walked up the long avenue of Magnolia-hall grounds before early services. Under a gold-powdered cedar, rich with its lustre of infinitesimal nue bloom, he saw the lovers seated. He saw that they were in animated conversation, and the words that he could but half hear were these : "Don't you think, Maebelle, that we. might have that nice young fellow, Lee Vert, to marry us instead of that superannuated foBsil, Dr " " And why, pray f" interrupted Maebelle's full, sweet tones, "why are we to have any minister?" " Why, Maebelle, did you ever sec a wedding without a minister ?" " I have read of being married by a probate judge, or something like that." But people in our position ! The newsmongers, in print and out, wouldn't want a tetter morsel!" " You have taught me all this," declared Maebelle ; "and you wi-sh me now, because custom, fashion wills it, to take a bit of eclat from a thing I cannot honor." " You go too far,'' urged Tom. Tom was only enough of an agnostic to be com formable to his clique; it had never occurred to him to cut short his pew rent or refuse an invitation to dine with a bishop. His love for Maebelle was so deep and sincere that he was careful, until his engagement was a sure thing, not to utter to his beloved any of those airy, poison-tipped bon-mots and sauve little sneerings that made up pretty much of his stock-in-trade of fashionable agnosticism. Maebelle had proved too apt a pupil. " Hut here is Lee Vert I" exclaimed Eskew. " I'll ask him if I am not right." " Miss Maebelle is right," declared Lee Vert. "I partly guess, I partly heard, 1te matter of discussion. One -ought never to shelter under a banner one cannot love and defend." Tom Eskcw looked frowningly out over the lake with its glistening ripple and its islands of lily-pads. " Why can you not enlist with us P" asked Lee Vert; all this coldness in the midst of generous warmth and beauty of nature, all this flippancy of doubt against his warm zeal, was well-nigtt insuppoutable to him. " I cannot Itelieve so forcibly as one must to be with you, in the elements of the unseen," said Maebelle. Tom was more annoyed than he could have believed possible ; he stooped aud plucked oue of the white hyacinths that stretched in a wide border before them like an opened scroll with its woeful ai! ai 1 written on the blithe spring-tide. " I find it hard to believe," said Lee Vert after a pause, appropos of nothing, as he reached for a spray of Jessamine. *• that these beautiful and fragrant blossoms hold a deadly poison within." " UnBeen bnt potent," murmured Tom. "Ah, I see where you are now, Mr Lee Verl," laughed Maebelle; ana as to you, Tom, you will soon be ready to believe in our ghost 2" " Yes," continued Maebelle, lightly, " since we have moved to thi6 house every member of the family, myself excepted, have either seen a sight or felt—a—something—which was worse." " What have they seen.'" asked Tom eagerly. " Oh, the usual thing," laughed Maebelle; " all white, quite comme il fait." " Who saw it ?" Tom bent towards her in his eagerness. " Dignify our ghost with a personal pronoun, if you please!" Who saw her?" " Ah, you think her at once a woman. You are right. But I will begin the story at the beginning," suggested Maebelle, her brieht, pleasant face unlike enough a weird story. It was this way : my brother, who had not a grain of superstition nor any sort of cowardice, came home late from a University clabs supper a few weeks after our arrival; it was about this time of the year. The house was all in darkness. He stepped into the library to get a package of cigarettes he had left on the mantel. No sooner had he gotten midway into the room before a great fear overcame him. In the first surge of fright he braced himself for the defensive, but in an instant be felt ashamed of his sense muscles—yet a greater terror swept over him. Every separate hair stood on MB head. He felt some pervading presence in the room. He heard the softest, the swiftest footfall here, there, everywhere. Even in iiia fright he managed to strike a match. No one was to b9 seen.'' '* Did be see nothing Tom's eyes were very eager. " Nothing," smiled Maebelle ; "but if you still wish your soul harrowed up I can tell you cousin Margaret's story. Four nights ago baby Garland was in such a tantrum as the sweetest babies mil be sometimes. Mother and myself were trying in vain to quiet him, and cousin Margaret, hearing his crying and having a marvellous power with babies, started down the stairs to come to him. " Half-way down stairs I heard her call very excitedly to me, * Maebelle! Maebelle ! How could you frighten me so!' I heard her say. And as pale as one of these hyacinthB she rushed into mother's room. ' Why, Maebelle! you in here !' she exclaimed. Of course I am,' I said; '1 have been in here worrying with baby this hour and more.' «« «I eaw you,' she declared, ' as distinctly as I see you now. Not your face; that was hidden. But your figure., your own attitude, your white dress. You stood between the portieres of the music-room door, as if you were just about to step into the hall.' "You beckoned to me so anxiously, so strangely ' " Little Archie, who has never known a touch of fear, ran out immediately and looked everywhere in the drawing-room and hall. No one was to be seen. " Mother looked startled at the story, just as Tom does now," laughed the fair narrator ; " and she told us that two nights before that Bhe had seen a white hand reaching from behind that very portiere and beckoning to her. Thinking it me, for it seemed to be the hand and arm of a tall person, ehe hurried into the drawing-room, and, though in the twilight she could see every object in the room distinctly, she could discover no one. " Aunt Lootie threw up her black hands and lamented aloud, ' Our ghost would never leave this houee !' she cried. " Now," it is truth," continued this unbelieving teller of ahos-t tales, "that we could not get servants to stay with us when we cacue here, only old Lootie »nd Wash, who would leave us for nothing. They said they heir J strange noises even in broad daylight, and saw strati lie figures even at noon. A strange sunshine ghost ours i», Tom." she said, laughing at his eager face; "it will appear either night or day as it chooses. We Lad a small addition made to the old house, and then the servants vere ready enough to hire to us ; they said now planks would drive off the spirits. Hut even new plank lias fiiikd to rid us of our haunting woman with the beckoning hand." " Now 1 shall tell what I myself saw," declared Tom, the second time I came here to visit this house. It was '2 o'clock at mornng, you remember, when my train brought me here from Chattanooga. I expected only Joe to be np to receive ine, of couise, iLe hour being so unearthly. What was my amazement as we drove up the avenue of maenolias, to see a tall young woman in white standing alone at the front door. There was no light in all the house. I wondered vou should be up and alone at such an hour. 1 had the hackman stop and put me out halfway up the avenue. This he was glad to do, for his horses were lifting thsir heads and snorting with suppressed excitement. Kis own eyes were big as saucers. Thinking the figure to be you, I said no word of it to him. of course. I walked up the avenue slowly, so oppressed was I with a sen*e of deep sorrow more than fear. The figure was so wind-blown, so full of indescribable griefstrioken expression, that it seemed almost a sacrilege to approach it. " But as I came nearer, the figure floated, with all its draperies astir, acro.SH the broad gallery, down the lofty flight of steps, out into the garden. But that I did not see the face T could have sworn it was you. "As I was about to tnrn to follow it I heard Joe's eherry * Hello,' and he flung wide the hall door. ' All well?' 1 asked. *' • Sound as a top,' he said. "'Where are, where is Maebelle?' I asked. "' In bod,' said he. "Somehow I couldn't say a word about the figure." The young minister pulled to pieces a japonica wide opened, and mingled white and red, like the ri;h mingling in a lover's heart of white despair at the truth of sach happiness and regal hope of desire's perfect fulfilment. It seemed to him preposterous that a man who professed himself as full of doubt as Tom Eekew should con over so credulously such impossible stories. " Of course we have a raison d'etre for our ghost," explained Maebelle, lightly. "Aunt Lootie says her grandmother—who was, of course, a slave to our people, as Aunt Lootie herself was in the old days—told her of a great - great great-aunt of mine who was ready to laugh and to scoff at anything. In the height of her youth and beauty she was thrown from a hcrse and received an injury which she never recovered from. She died, according to Aunt Lootie, lamenting her stubbornness, and declaring she would, if possible, return to warn all sneerersto beware of misbelief of their betters." " It is a sud story," said Lee Vert. " If it is true," said Maebelle ; " but she has not, you see, kept her word as far as I am concerned." "She may yet," sententiously from Tom. "What has come over you, Tom r" queried Maebelle, with a puzzled smile. " If she does or does not appear to you, it should make no difference in your belief or misbelief of great truthe, Mi6s Maebelle,'' said Lee Ver:, rising as his church belis rang out cheerily. " if I can persuade Maebelle to it, you will marry us, will you not ?" asked Tom. "No,'' answered Lee Vert; " I cannot give the prestige of a holy ceremony to those who despise it and my holy office." Tom flushed hotly, but Maebelle reached out her strong young hand to grasp Lee Vert's. "You are right," she said; "and be assured 1 will never let Tom ask you unless I become aB you are." , All the bells of aU the churches in the old town rang out most melodiously, and the March sunlight grew brighter and richer, but Maebelle and Tom eat wrapped each in a new discontent. Tom couldn't help fancying that he gave more to his agnosticism than thar school was like to give to him. He saw that he could never make Maebelle accord any show of deference to that great and important society, the Church, that anyhow marries and burieB us, no matter how new-school we grow. The uncomfortable thought of death came to him, a burial without a service, and a monument bearing thereon some text of Plato. He couldn't imagine a houseful of children with no one to hear them say their prayers. It was a most excellent arrangement to hav9 a Being who threatened and promised, and Christian maxims to form characters for young Dieces of humanity. It was nice, too, to have a wife battling with tears with one's manly doubts. Maebelle, too, was disappointed in Tom. How much nobler appeared the young minister, firm, immovable in his convictions, mistaken though they might be. Suddenly the glamour of the spring day became a very heaviness of rich gold. Suddenly the sweetness of spring flowers, jessamine, narcissi, hyacinths, became deadly in its intensity. Suddenly Maebelle caught sight of a figure floating toward her from the far reaches of the bowery lawn. The whole form was quivering with, it seemed, an agony of bitter sorrow. The shadowy clouds floated hither and thither, and anon wrung themselves in an ecstaoy of despair. Maebelle saw, or thought she saw, what no other hnman being had seen, the face of the thing. It was a face whose expressions were as unstable as waters, yet each variant was a show of deeper misery, of tireless yet everchanging anguish. It was a horror of fair- ness, of delicacy. As the form, light, graceful, beautiful, yet a very inspiration o horror, drifted, almoBt,it seemed, to Maebelle, near enough for her to reach out to touch the quivering hands, Bhe sprang up from the garden seat, her own form palpitating, her own hands as full of unsteady terror as those of the floating shadow. A moment! andj with the blackness of death all about her, she sank into her lover's arms. It was long months before Maebelle could rise from the bed where brain fever prostrated her. In the long night watches, checkered with days of suffering, she learned lessons of deeper import than those of any ghost, or wraith, or spell of springtime could teach her. It was Eastertide again when Tom, hnmbled of his arrogancy, yet triumphant in a new hope, asked Lee Vert to perform the ceremony at bis approaching marriage. The Easter ghost of Magnolia Hall was never seen again. Its many appearances to diverse people were never explained. Whether it waB reflection of sky and water and bloomful trees ; the shaking of white shadows from windblown boughs to meet the white glitter of the lake's long ripples and of the toss of milky fountains, or whether the young minister (sor. rowing in the midst of his lofty exultation of Eastertide at remembrances ot the flippant talk of two doubters, yet ready almost to believe in shadows} printed unwittingly, in the mind he thought of, the figments of his own fancy: or whether the coming fever of the brain had sent out its own feverous phantasies for forerunners; none could say. The next year the old town experienced a "boom." as many other old Southern towns have. The lawn abont the Gains' house wis cut by opening up of new Btreets, the lake was drained off, lots were sold ofi 1 Magnolia Grove at gilt-edged prices. The lilies, the forest magnolias, the Chinese magnolias, the yellow jessamine, and the most of the japonicas vanished before the rush of progress and rows of tenement houses.—M. YOUNG, in " N. Y. Home Journal. 7 ' Statistics of life insurance show that in the last twenty-five years the average of man's lift; has increased five per cent., or two whole years, from 41 "3 to 4o'9. 