Z A Wonderful Woman. . CHAPTER XIX. , - .... MISS IIERNCASTLE. . ; ' Very .well, then ; the sooner you come the better. We go down to our place in Sussex next toeek— you will find your pupils there. Suppose yoa come here;to- night— ;you will be of .use to me in the in termediate "days.' : ' I vvill come to-night, my. lady, if you wish' it.' ' To-night, j then. Soames, show Miss Herncastle out. Now, £hen, Queenie.' . Lady' Ghan, fifty's morning -party was doubly pleasantTor being about the last of the season. 'Amongst the guests was an) old' admirer1 of Lady Dangerfield, a MajorFrankland. He was a tall, military man, With heavy blonde moustache, sleepy) cat-like eyes, -a drawl, and an eye glass. It seemed the most 'natural thing' imaginable that'Lady. Dangerfield should . receive her Neapolitan ice from his hand, and, thatke ishqulddeanCjUver l.her chair and whisper in : her pretty pink ear while she ate it. ' We always return to our first loves, don't we, Lady Cecil?' laughed the Hon. Charles Delamei, of the Foreign Office, eating his ice, and taking his seat by the side of Lord Ruysland's daughter. ' As faithful as the needle to the North Star is old'Frankland to the idol of his youth. By the way, Lady Cecil' — looking up artlessly — 'whom do you suppose I met at Hef Majesty's last night?' ' Not being a clairvoyant, I cannot say. You must have met a great many people, I should think. I know you never came near our box/ .,/ 0 L j U.-.. j. 'No.' Mr; Delamer said, 'I did not visit, your box. He wouldnt come.' . ; . ' Who wouldn't come? Name t'lis con tumacious ' subject.' / ' ' ' O'DonhelllV / , ; ' Who?' Suddenly and sharply, she asked the question. - " Who?" - : , / . . , . '/,0'Donnell— Captain Redmond, O'Doii- , nell/of'the 3rd Chasseurs d'Afrique— f-Le Beau Chasseur, ,as they call him— and th© best fellow' the sun shines on!! She was always pale as a lily— La Reine Blanche— rwas she really paler than usual now? Charlie Delamer wondered. Was it only the shadow of the white parasol,; or . Mr. Delamer presently added : : ' You know O'Donnell, don't- you? In Ireland, was it? I think he said so last night-' ' Yes— I know — I mean I knew Captain O'Donnell once. It is over six years ago, though. I should have thought he .would have -quite forgotton the c:rcumstance. py '.L t vllT .>1 ' - o- on so fortunate as to \- know L.d/ Cecil Clive don't forget hes You are Pansy, are you not ? — you Pearl ? Ah, I thought I could tell the difference so easily. Since you honour him by your remembrance, it is hardly strange if he recollects you.' ; ' 1 ' If I remember him!" Mr. Delamer Redmond O'Donnell saved my life!' ' Saved your life! By Jove, the lucky fellow! But those dashing, ' idng-s word saddle-bridle Irishmen are always lucky. And the fellow said his'Acquaiiitafice was but trifling.' ' ; 1 ' v ' Lady Cecil laughed — not.quite so musi-. cally as usual. '-Tiifling-l—P-erhaps- Captain- O'Donnell . rated his service at the valuation of t-he( thing sajved; ft And die is rdniEngland? How curious! i'fancied1'him-—sdrdier ol fortune, free lancethat he is— for life out therein Algiers/ ,- ' ; : 1 j ; LH.e goes back, jhcrtly.He -is boin soldier, and comes of a fighting race. The O'D'onnells have been soldiers of" fortune for the last three hundr Jil, years, and ask no'faftvr/f&jte;, IJe letiyes ' England soon; and goes' back. O'Dorinell dines with me r this evening. . What ai prince of good fel lows he was out yonder in Algiers, and, Satan's own to;? fight 1; i'Hev won «liis, .way straight up from the ranks with his sword; Ancs lie saved your life! How was it,; Lady Cecil?' ? ! ! ' Much too long a st 'iry for a- morning I party, with the Athermometei at ninety' degrees. There is Madame de Villafleur; beckoning is she not.' ' She -is-.- -Permit me, Lady Cecil.' ! -A.nd'' taking - Mr;- Delamer's proffered arm, Lady Cecil sauntered over' to Madame la Comtesse de Villafleur. t ... Ai half-past tcr thatnight the Earl of R"ysland returned to his niece's house, He had'written and despatched his letter to Sir Arthur Tregenna. ' I think I will give up London life,' he said to himself, ' ar.d devote myself to growing old in the country. Ah, Soames, have my lady and L-uly Cecil departed yet; for the ball?' ' Not yet, me lord — dressing, me lord — carriagehas just bcen_ ordered round, me lor J.' Lord Ruysland ascended to the silent magnificence of the drawing-rooms. They were deserted now, and the . gas unlit. The range of windows, seven in number, stood wide open, and the silvery light of the resplendent July moon poured in. 'Silence and solitude,' muttered the earl ; ' why the deuce are they all in the dark? Ah. very pretty indeed, brilliant moon and a cloudless sky — one might fancy it Venice instead of smoky, foggy, dingy London.' He paused. . The rooms were not de serted, "it would seem, after all. Out of the lace and amber curtains of the seventh and farthest window a figure emerged and approached him. The earl's eyes turned from that crystal moon, and fixed expectantly on the advancing figure — the figure of a woman. Who was it? Not a servant, surely, with that slow and stately tread, that assured air. 1 ;Not.»little Lady Dangerfield — this figure \Vas 'tall ; not Lady Cecil either— even ,she ?:niust have stood a full half- head shorter than this womap, Who -was it?—, Theftong drawing-room layih alternate strips of darkness and light.. The shadows hid her for a moment ; she emerged into the moonrays again, and again disappear ed. VVho,\vas she — this tall, this magni ficently proportioned; lyyoman'in \ jdark, sweeping drapery, with " that maj'estic stateliness of mien and walk. She had mot seen him. For the fourth time 'she jtame Jnto the' light, then the darkness topic her— a fifth timeshe Appear ed, a sixth, and then - she beheld the earlstanding, curious, expectant watching., , Shmstoped-shor't-i-the; (moonlight fell full 'upotTher fade— pale'and calm/ ''And the EarL of; (Ruysland,. who for the: last, thirty yeats had.- outlived every phase of human emotion, uttered a low, wordless cry, and fell slowly" back. ' The sdunft .'of, that startled cry, "low as "it wAs,'"- readhecT her eari:' The woman ' iri'Jth'e 'moonlight' came a step nearer, and spoke : : 1' I beg your pardon. I. should not have; intruded, but I thought these rooms were quite .deserted." ; ,n :: ' , What. a sweet-' voice' if 'was.- Its tones lingered pleasantly on the ear, like the low notes of a flute. Her words broke the spell that held the earl. His eyes had deen fixed with a sort of fascination onjher tace — a look cf start led wonder on his own ; and Raoul Earl, of Ruysland was not easily startled. He drew a long breath, and stood aside to let her pass. ' It is I who should apologize,' he said, with the courtly deference to all women that longFhabit had made second nature,, 'for startling you in so absurd a manner I laboured under the same delusion as jkhtrself — I fancied these rooms forsaken. Soames, lights immediately.', J ! The tall footman set ihe chandeliers ablaze and closed the curtains, but the dark- draped lady had vanished. 'Who was,, that?' ftfte . ead asked.. A visitor?1 - J - ' 'The goy'ness, me lyrd. Me lady's new gjov'ness. Come two hours ago, me lord. Ner name is Miss 'Erncastle. ! 'Is the carriage, waiting,' Soames?' in-' \- cjuired my ladyi sailing in. ' You, Uncle Raoul, and at half-past ten. What mir- aicle will happen next? You don't ,mean to say you are coming: with Cecil and T ti> .the Duchess of Stratiieam's soiree must- ctlef , , . t 'I don't, inftdedi! /Nothmg.is further fiom my thoughts- thim'soirees musicalcs. G iopvra, r, .whoi is f-that n new (governess :of y Durs? -wShe' is lyou'r1 governess/ S'oarnes ,t< lis me."' ' ' What, M'fss ;.Bernt»stle?, ' 'Vyiiere.ldi y 3U see her.' i 'I- saw hen just now as Icame'in. She's a ver y d i sti n gu isned-looki n g p'erso n , ! isn't' she? Nus : -.pverness don't usually loolc like trge y, queens, do they? She has a very remarkable tace. ' Has she You are as enthusiastic as Quccnie. She saw her at noon, and raved about her 'ior half an"|hour. I" must be very blind or. stupid — I confess ( can only see a preposterously tall yo.ung woman, with a pale, solemn face.'- . "Enthusiastic, am I ?' Lord Ruysland repeated. '' I wasn't aware of lit ; but I once knew another, face like it— wonder- fullyftike. itlj- And j give, you my word of" 'h'onour'that aiI cam!e fipon Miss— -ahj"tor "bet sure— Herncastle standings there iri- the mnonlieht. I tliouuht I saw- a ehost.' — CHAFT-EB-XX.- - f AT SCARS WOOD., 7 - , . Late' in/the afternoon jjLady-'' (Danger- field, their uncle, cousiri, ' new goyetness Wd'fefvanfs— an imposing prdt'essioh— , arrived from London- at .Scarswood Park.' Scarswood; With the'rose flush of the. setting .sun upon it, with the glades,,, the laWhS' 'the shrubberies steeped" 'in gold,' with the stone urns on the stone terraces turned to.burnislved silver, the scarlet- roses lil£e>.sparR£c>,f Uie copper beeches blood-red rubies, the window's glancing through the trees like sheets ! of /burnished gold. Scarswood .Park and the turreted old mansion came upon them-H-a marvellously fair , picture. Trackless depths of fern waved away and awaj', the great fish-pond spread out like a silver- m irror. Landscape gard eners, under my lady's orders, had done their work; the parterrsie.the trops bloom the wealth of myrtle end mignonette, of roses and geraniums, were like unto some modern Gaiden of Eden. ' How lovely, What ;i magnificent old place,' Lady Cecil exclaimed. 'And you call it dull as ceath — as dismal as a tomb, Ginevra.' It was Lady Cecil'sfirst visit to the ances tral home of her cousin's rich husband, and in her heart of hearts the girl dearly loved the country. Lady Dangerfield glanced around her with a little sour a:r. ' So it was, so it lis, so it will be — if 1 let it. Why can't the London season last for ever ? I lirce rural life and ruttic scenes— in pictures. In real life give me Belgravia.' ' And balls, soirees, operas, drawing- rooms, and drives — the old weary tread mill, tiresome, endless round. For myself six weeks of London, if you will, four of Pans, and the rest of the year in just such a dear old counti'y house as this.' ' Well, my dear, you shall have all that and more when you arc Lady Tregenna. Tregenna Towers is as old again as Scars wood, and twice as rural. Is that my lord and master I see on the portico s-teps Really he shrivels up and grows smaller with every passsing day ! And here come Pearl and Pansy flying down the steps like little wild Indians, Miss Herncastle what do pou'-' think of your luture home and your future pupils ?' The governess, in chai-ge of my lady's fat King Charles, had taken the third seat in the carriage. The earl had not driven yvith.the ladies from the. station. Miss I-fern-ast!e's. large/' calm eyes had been taking, in ' everything, and '/Miss Herncastle's 'calm tones replied 5 ' It is a beautiful .place, my lady; but I have seen Scarswood. before.'.. .. . , :\'/lnpeed ! This is not your first ' visit/to Sussex, then ? Was it in Sir Peter's time or before ? Pansy/ Pearl ! Little wretches do you want to run/under carriage wheels '? Stand back and be still! Sir Peter, how stupid of you to let those children run wild in this boisterous manner!' ;:ilt!was my lady?s first grettiug to her husband as she was assisted out of tHe carriage. Sir P"ter had come down the steps;to meet her ; she gave him two gloved fingers, then gave the twins first a fhakej.thena kiss; ; The little, nineyear; -oldWj .w.ere; miniatures 5 of I herself— the; same round black eyes, , the same crisp black hair, the same petite features and proportions/ and so much,- also like one another; that it seemed impossible at first glance to tell, them, apart.. , , . .. ,.4J I ' You'disobedient little iriidgets' !':th'eir mother said. ' How often have I told you not to' rush to meet' any one ' in that I hoydenish way'? What. is-yoiir maid think- | ing of to let you ?', . . ; ,, . , , ' ' Twasn't Susan's fault, mamma,' piped one black-eyed twin. ' She told me to stay in the nursery, 'but me and Pansy saw the carriage, and you and aunt'e Cecil from the window, and we couldn't stay. We're so 'glad youve come, auntie. Our dolls haven't got a summer dress to their backs 1' Lady Cecil laughed and kissed the tauns Children always fell in love with her at first sight. ' Not a summer dress to their backs, Pearl, and the season so far advanced 1 A harrowing case, which must be attended to immediately. Sir Peter, will you en dorse Pearl's welcome, and say you are glad to see me likewise ?' ' . , . She gave him her hand with a smile that thawed even the frozen nature of Sir Peter Dangerfield. To be glad to see any one who was a visiter and daily expense -was not in his nature ; but as such things had to be under the rule !of his very much better half, he shook Lady Cecil's delicate grey glove, ard said something about his pleasure in welcom ing her to Scarswood. 'And Scarswood is a home to be proud of,' Lady Cecil said : ' my idea of an earthly paradise, as I told Ginevra just now. Papa- stayed - behind, Sir Peter, talking to a friend. He .will be here for dinner. Per nit me — Miss HernGastle, Sir Petei?,ngeyf#ilft 4h> (Pearl j no more dolls aiid' dressmaking. 1 Here is a lady come' all'the-1 Way from i r London to. train-, /you . In -. the . ;way ;ypu 'should "go., . . - ; . ' . : The twins fixed four big,' brjlbt black jeyes full on --the 'new, governess. Sir Peter bowed— the governess. came pstep lfnear:r, fixed her eyes upon his/ face, made a graceful obeisance, and turned to her pupils. ' Will you give me a kiss, my dear ? though you are so much alike.' ' I trust, Sir Peter, you saw that the up? holsterers fitted up the drawing and din? ing'rooms according to my orders ? Have - the pictures ar' She stopped shot t' ' Good graciuus, Queenie ! what is my husband staring at I? Sir Peter.' He never heard Iter. His eyes, behind his double eyeglass; / were fixed vpon jMiss Herncastle. His face had turned to a dull 'yellow pallor from tro.v to chin. His wife stood and looked at him aghast. " « " For Heaven's' "sake/ "look' "at" him Queenie. ;Is-he going . to have a fit,., or— — Sir Perter|Dangerfield,;Ayha on.', eartl£ is the-hiritt'er with you:?'- s - She caughi his arm impatiently,. 'and gave him no gentle shake. . . ' He's staring at you, iViiss Herncastle. What is the'matter, with- him"'?'" Miss ITerhcastl.ejrturned calmly (from I'.u children, and, again looked at the baronet, ;- ' He. certainly' lobksjvery ill, In there <1113 th ; can do ?' ' Hcr voice; the/lbp,ronet "said, inn hovrorstruck whisper ' ; '" her eyes, her face, Oh,. Heaven. -Who', is/this ?' > . ' Who ?' his wife cried, , w.ith a ; second angry shake.' Are you mad ? Who -are you looking at? 'What do you mean?- Who ?' That woman— that-girl. Who is she ?' ' Miss Herncastle, thcchildren's gover ness, you idiot,' Lady Dangerfield actually / called the baronet an' idiot,' and gave him a second shake into the bargain. ' What is there about her to frighten you into fits, 1 should like to know ?' 'JMiss Herncastle, the governess,' lie muttered, falling 'back ;' and for one moment— I thought — I could have sworn it was — it was' ' Well whom ?' ' One dead and .buried for six long years.' He turned his back abruptly, and with that ghastly answer walked into the house. My lady turned an (rilyjupon her new governess. ' Really, Miss Herncastle,' she_ began laughtily" this is very extraordinary, I must say. The Earl of Ruysland sees you last night in the moonlight, and takes you for a ghost, Sir Peter Dangerfield sees you to-day in the sunshine, and takes you for another. Who are you, pray?' The sympton of an amused smile dawn ed 011 the/tranquil lace of the tall nursery governess. ' I am Helen' Herncastle, my lady, and the ghost of no one that I know of. Lady Cecil laughed outright— her weet, mellow laugh. ' How absurd you arc, Ginevra. Ghost, indeed. Only evil consciences see-ghosts, andMiss Herncastle is much too substan tial J (or ghost or fairy. She resembles some one Sir Peter.' has once known — dead-six. years, he said. Was there not a cousin-:;a young lady who died sudden ly, an' ... Impostor," said Lac/y Dangerfield. 'Yes, there was— I daresay it. is she| - It's not Miss Herncastle's fault, I suppose, that she must resemble dead people, but it's very extraordi nary, and very unpleasant. My nerves have, received a shock they will' not recover from for a week. . ; I hate scenes,' . , . Rich with' silver/ sparkling with "'cry'sta1 white with linen, gay with flpwers, was the round dinner-table at Scarswobd that ni My lady, dressed in one of "Worth's most ravishing masterpieces, though there were no gentlemen to admire but her uncle and . hus band, Taokee a fit goddess to:i preside" at .the feast. : Lord Rdyslan'd, bland, urbane, j suave, smooth, was faultlessly attired, and: with a rose in his buttonhole; Lady Cecil, in gold-brown silk; the hue of. her eyes, was also there, but. not Miss Herncastle. Sir Peter drew-a long sigh of relief. ; You're not looking well, Dangerfield, my Iiord ;g(' RiiysLnd said . to Sir Peter ;" yo.u positively are riot.,. You lose flesh, you lose, spirits,, you lose appetite, It .is evident that the air of Scarswood does not agree with- you. Take iny advice, and, go .abroad/ - , IlisTordship -'wa? rightr — the air of Scars wood did nob agree with.Sir.Peler, Dangerfield, and never would.. <-.. ' Lady Cecil', is. Miss Herncastle's hair brown or black?' ' Lady Cecil glanced round, glanctd down, for she was lhe taller of the two, and saw the pinched, yellow face of little Sir Peter. Now, Lady Cecil, out of the greatness of a generous heart, had an infinite pity for all long-suffering things, and she pitied Sir Peter greatly. My dear Sir Peter, how you startle me. I was thousands of miles away, I believe, when you spoke. What did you say ? Miss Fern- castle. What?' ' I asked if Miss Herncastle had long, light- brown hair ?' A cuiious question, surely. Lady Cecil's soft fawn-coloured eyes opened a little as she replied. ' For its lenth I cannot answer. Who can tell, who has long or short hair in these days of chignons and false tresses ?, Of the colour I can speak;positively. It is black- Jet black,' ' Black !' He gave a great gasp -of: relief. 1 You are sure, Lady Cecil ?' ; ' Certain,' Sir Peter, "And her eyebrows and eyelashes are of the same dense darkness. ' And her eyes, Lady Cecil— are they grey ?' ' Still harping on my daughter !' laughed La Reine Blanche. .' Yes, Sir Peter, they are grey — very dark — very large— very fine. .You appear to take a most extraordinary interest in Ginevra's new governess, certainly. Re sembles, doubtless, some one you have known? : ' Resembles, that is not the -word for it. I tell you, Lady Cecil,' in a voice of deep, sup pressed intensity — , it is. the. same -face, the same— the same. Older; ' graver, deeper," changed in "some things, but jlhe same-. The face of Katherine DangerfieId.'Y-;fl L The name had not passed his lips for years His eye's had a glitter, ' his 'Whole: face: anl'.ex-l citement, his voice an intensity she had never Heard before! She drew back -from :hi'n»'a little, yet;curious and interested too;; (> i 1 KatheriWe' Dangerfield. Yes.I have'" heard' her 'story. It was in the papers year'sago, and, Q-inevra told ine/of - her at lhe time of her marriage: A very sad story— a very sad ft e She lost all— fortune, name, father, and er affianced husband — 011 her 'wedding day,- and a week after she died. Ttis the saddest story I think I ever heard- What 'a dastard, what a cowardly dastard of him' Sir Peter ?' ' I don't know — I have never asked — I never oircd. I was nut l; blame — no one has a right to blame me — I only .took what was law fully, my own. She had no shadow of right 10 Scarswood. How could 1 tell she would die ? Other women lose their fathersj their husbands, their fortunes/ and live on. How did I know it would kill her ? I say again his voice risingshrill, and high, and.(angry,no ne has a right to blame fne.' ( To be continued) 