-THE HISTORICAL GAME. ENGLAND SCORES A SPLENDID \- - VICTORY. BROWN AND WARD-IN THE MATCH. 210 FOR THE THIRD WICKET, A SIX WICKETS MAJORITY. NOTES BY OBSERVER. The great match is finished at last, and Australia is in sackcloth and ashes no, not ashes they are amongst the Australian produce to be shipped to England at an early date. When the rain came drizzling down in the city yesterday morning people said, '.' Poor England;" but it was just one of Mr. Ellery's tricks, for it rained just long enough to bind up any stray cracks in the wicket, and make it perfect for batting. At one time success. or failure for Stoddart and his men was just the difference of a change of breeze, but it kept on from the north-west and blew the Scotch mists away to Gippsland or Bass's Straits." It had no serious check on the rush to the Melbourne Cricket-ground. They came as usual, one of the sexes clothed in water- proofs.- Eight thousand nine hundred and sixty-five ? people-to be strictly con- scientious- paid for admission to the ground; and 0,308 came to the reserves, the money taken at the gates being £570 Us. Altogether the total attendance for the match was 103,(ISÖ, of which 03,0 12 paid for admission, the total takings being £-1,003 is.- the largest sum ever taken for a cricket match. Before the match started Major Wardill was sanguine that the takings would be£4'Q00, and was much pleased to find his estimate realised. The promoters of the team the Mayor and Mr. Phil Sheridan explain that they have just turned the corner, and as they have been doing that for some time past the fact must be taken as established. The start was again sensational. Ward and Stoddart took their places with only 28 of the 290 they wanted on the board. Stoddart played at the first of Trott's. and missed it, the ball hitting fairly in the centre of the pad. ' Up went Troffs hand in appeal, and when Phillips'shund promptly followed it a roar that was as much surprise as pleasure hurst from the crowd. Two down for 28, and Stoddart, the always dreaded, one of the victims. At that particular stage the one feeling all round was that the game was over and Australia had won it. Lot a team be as well disciplined as it may, the downfall of their captain especially when the captain is a Stoddart-must have a demoralising effect The Australians jumped with delight and joyously gave each other catches. Stoddart went in utterly crestfallen, and never took his left hand from his face till he reached the gates. Outside people who were running to get to the ground in time for the start could hardly believe the good news, and the cry " Stoddart's out first ball " travelled up to the city. Very remarkable was the change that followed. Brown came in, but his first strike was not auspicious for be snicked one within a foot or so of Giffen in the slips-the one ghost of a, chance that the Australians were to get from him for a long time. With a lovely cut to the fence for four, he set to work on an innings that will be long remembered in Australia. Whether Brown was inspired by the notes of a tin whistle playing " Rule Britannia" across the ground can only be conjectured, but that he did, Giffen or Trott, it mattered not which, until they hardly knew where to pitch them. His style was characteristic. He watches the ball until the last moment, and then scored with a short chopping stroke, which was as much as anything else pushing the ball away, and his placing was perfect The news from the Observatory was that rain might be expected in a couple of hours, and the natural assumption was that" Brown was playing to orders and forcing the- score while fine weather lasted. The fielding was first rate, Albert Trott especially making one splendid stop at cover ; but there were not enough men in the field to prevent Brown scoring. As a lady acutely remarked, " The Australians never field where Brown hits I them," which is only another way of saying that Brown never hit them where the Australians were fielding. Ire successive overs Brown hit Giffen Bplcndiilfj' to long-on, and when Bruce crept in slows he whizzed two more just over his head, sending a third over the head of cover-point. As a rule, however, he kept the ball well down, to the gross. When 50 came up Brown was scoring off Giffen almost as he pleased, and a light leg stroke corrie 1 him into the thirties, while Ward remained almost stationary, but playing a very sound, sale game. Once Ward was about to play one to mid-on, but his eye caught Harry Trott wait bathers, and it was there sting to note the diplomatic way in which he changed the stroke. Another splendid leg 4 by Brown got the score to 65, and to feel, alarmed at the rate of scoring, gave filbert Trott the ball. Not the slightest check was effected. The little Yorkshireman simply sent up the 10/s with a rattle, and just as he got into the fifties the sky darkened, and it looked as though the promised squalls had arrived sooner than expected. The musician across the ground patriotically played " Daisy Bell" and " Sweet Marie in quick succession, but even they couldn't drive Brown away. Briefly he had got 50 runs in about 30 minutes, while Ward in the same time had only added 5 to his score. The Australians became seriously alarmed, urn! with 87 scored put on McKibbin in place of If. Trott's move that met with the entire approval of the crowd. The Bathurst bowler's start was not promising, for Ward hit his (first ball close to the chains for 3, while it required a lightning calculator to follow Brown's figures and an " even-time " pedestrian ' to follow his hits. There must be something in the disposition of the Jingi salt field worth studying. Their batsmen got through our Held almost as they pleased yesterday, yet on Tuesday our bats- men could not break through their field. Brown's first off McKibbin was a rather flukey 3 to leg, but the next he placed per iectly"beiwéen useful' man and cor era, and the running between wickets was a lesson for colts. They went for theshortestruns.yet with such! judgment that they never once appeared to be in peril. Brown brought his own score. to (50 with one stroke and a hundred for the total with the next, while Ward was lucky in getting a sweet -lent past Gregory, who was fielding admirably. The Lancashire man-they are both Yorkshire by birth-scored another of these perfect fours, and Giffen thought it time to thicken the off-field by sending Bruce over j rom mid-on, but no sooner was he moved "inn Brown passed bull into the spot he left. In short, he showed consummate skill and judgment in. finding blank places in the field, Ward's square cuts were as pretty us anything seen in the match. He made them with as much ease us certainty, and every one was applauded by the crowd, who, in their recognition of good play, were thoroughly impartial. Matters became so serious at this stage that Bruce, Giffen, Jarvis, and the Trotts had a long consultation, the outcome of which was Giffen trying the pavilion end and Bruce the opposite crease, They had fairly collared Giffen for once though, Ward at once hitting him to leg, and in an hour's batting the two had put on nearly a hundred runs. Ward, who latterly had been keeping fair pace with his busy companion, square-cut one to complete his -10, and then stayed there while Brown carried his score to 80. Several changes were made before lunch time, but none of them gave the batsmen any uiienBi press, and in the 80 minutes' play before lunch 237 runs had been put on, The remarkable change that had taken place in the game surprised everyone. The line stand looked , remarkably little bringing the Englishmen into an absolutely sale position, though the Australians still thought that if they had the good luck to get these two soon after lunch they had a chance. The position was discussed from every point of view, and Mr. T Gibson, of the New South Wales association, A I was so strong in the belief that success might follow Albert Trott s bowling fast stuff from the Richmond end that he was tried there as soon as play continued The only time the AU3tru!ionsgotn glimmer of hope, however, was when Brown played one of the last ones in the slips, where Giffen and Iredale were stationed close together Both grabbed for it, and Giffen touched it with one of his finger tips Mt might have been a chance to a Trumble or a lord, but could hardly be called so in this case Brown had then made 88 The fact that he was nearing the hundred hadn't the slightest effect in checking the rate of scoring He landed one of Harry Trott's at the fence near the main entrance, hit another one towards the press box, for which they ran 1 and, with a third powerful sweep to the fence, completed his hundred tovo!le}sof cheering in a little less than a hundred minutes. It was a connoisseur r s game noth tug of the whisky scraping cricket that the none pert likes, but every stroke almost monotonously accurate Those who had a position in the line of the wicket thought the bow ling very poor before lunch and there was no notice- able improvement afterwards It was so obvious that the Australians badly missed either C M'Leodor Turner that there was really little necessity for the croakers going about the crowd and telling people so Australia was being beaten without a doubt-the rats were leaving the ship in a hurry , every where one heard the vaunting of the men who were neither consistently British not Australian, but who invariably shout for the top dog Just another faint gleam of hope when Ward had made 5-1 and the total was within a few of 200 To one of Albert 1 rott s A and played forward and there was a simultaneous appeal from half a dozen of the Australians for a catch at the wickets There was no response, and without casting the slightest reflection on the umpiring which all through has been as nearly as possible perfect, it would appear that Phillips had made a mistake there The fact that Ward hit the ground in playing forward made it a very difficult thing for the umpire to judge, but it was generally admitted afterwards that he played the ball too and should have been out At exactly 3 o'clock 200 was hoisted and thence on it was only a question of the extent to which the Australians could minimise their beating before the end came Indeed, at one time it seemed very likely that these two men would achieve the remarkable feat of winning it without being separated Brown was loudly, cheered on passing M Laren a score, and the fact that made him 140 was a perfect stroke -that was his last He glanced one of M'lubbin's in the slips and at 25 minutes past 3 OitTcn held him with a pretty left handed can tell) But Brown had done his duty and he and Ward, by their splendid partnership of 210 runs-the longest yet made in these matches-bud made the game safe for 1 ngh nil There was only one puzzle in connection with Brown. innings After seeing him play that HO at the very crisis of the match of world wide interest one began to wonder why he had not done better in the earlier games Getting runs yesterday cost him no effort whatever, his 140 being made in two hours and twenty minutes and in it were 12 boundary hits. But no 50 runs that Brown has ever made or possibly ever may make, will compare with his first 50 yeSterday) as an influence upon a great issue 'the League of the Roses tina notable partnership between York and Lancaster may well be called Our men were not slow to recognise the great merit of Brown's performance, and they cheered him cordially then, and expressed their admira- tion for his cricket still more cordially afterwards We had not long to wait for the end then M'Lnren started to play with just the same dash and confidence is in the first innings, and as they neared the required runs itbecumeon interesting question whether Ward would get his hundred If the] shared the runs he would just miss it When M'Laren went up to speak with him every- one knew plains well as if he had been there and heard it that he had promised to play for singles only while Ward forced the scoring to make his three figures And safe enough they seemed to be, for he got to 13 quickly, then started out to hit one of Harry '1 notes, changed his mind at the last moment, played over it, and was bowled Here was another great performance for such a game Ward, who went in first on Tuesday, batted altogether three hours and 27 minutes He hit one 5 -a lovely straight drive off George Giffen not only SIX 1 s, though some of these were as perfect oil hits as have ever been seen on the ground. I doubt whether there was a single person on the ground-not excepting even Harry Trott, who got the wicket-who was not genuinely sorry that Ward should have missed his hundred for somehow hundreds are remembered when OS's are forgotten, and nowhere is such a value placed on the three figures is in England Peel, who came next, had the honour of making the winning hit, M'lubbin, who chased it to the fence, getting the ball as a trophy ; but he very generously handed it over tobtoddort soon afterwards the man whom everyone desired should have it as a memento of the greatest triumph, perhaps, in which he ever took part It was all over at last, and England had scored a very remarkable victory It is poor consolation to play the " after game, as cricketers term it, and any that with Turner or M'Leod we might have won Where is the justification font' It is unlikely in the last degree that all the BIX bowlers tried were equally out of form-jet Brown and Ward treated all alike, and their magnificent batting won the match 'to exhaust the whole Imtof cricketing adjectives in praise of | it is quite unnecessary the deed speaks for itself and the whole story is told in this little record us to the fall of the wickets " Two for 26 th rector 22 " The one satisfactory point to Australiana is that they will be able to say long years hence that they were at the match and saw that partnership THE PLAY. BY " OLD BOY." II. Trott opened the bowling to Stoddart. from the Jolimont end, and his first ball [ proved fatal to the English captain, who was given out I b w. The crowd applauded Trott again and again, and as brown appeared the board showed 24-25. Giffen might have caught Brown of 'Trott's second ball, the stroke being exactly similar to that made on the previous evening by Stoddart, 2 resulted, and Brown cut Trott prettily for I. Giffen bowled at the other end, and Ward made two singles and Brown 1 off the over Gregory thus early showing brilliant fielding. H. Trott sent a maiden to Ward, A. E, Trott fielding Family at cover 'when Brown ran 4 for a cut off Gillen, and ran 1 quickly on the off, where M'Kibbon stopped well. Brown back cut Trott for a couple mid drove him for a single, brown hit two suet issue balls from Giffen tolegfor leach,timleutliimuppishly for three hove-to off the over. Brown had now scored 240 runs in 12 minutes Brown continued to force the piece, and cut Trott for a single, 1 riddle making two or three attempts to throw the ball in. Brown got Gillen away again for 2m the slips and to leg for 2 more, and the tin banged him in the grand stand fence for 4 more , 31 to Brown in 18 minutes. Gregory and A V 'Trott bidding" grandly, a maiden resulted to II Trott Giffen, who had bowled 9 overs for 27 runs, retired in favour of A E' Trott. Drown pulled the Past. Melbourne in to mid-on and Ward made a. sweet cut for J. Ward brought 70 up by making a single off II. Trott, and Brow II cut the same bowler for 4, the ball ending to the fence beautifully. This minds Brown 40, and The scored 2 for a hit to mid-off OlITtn over- throwing 1. Ward got another single off the younger Trott, and Brown snicked him (melt (or I, 1 he crowd yelled as Brown put oncupelosuto the wicket, but Jarvis could not get to it. Brow he brought his total to 51 (made in 38 minutes) by snicking A. E. Trott to the Hinolters' pay iron for 2, and Hurry '1 roll fielded a hot one grandly at point. At SI M'Kibbm relieved Hurry Trott and Ward hit him to leg for 3, bringing 60 up. The Englishmen were batting splendidly, but the Australian bow lay lucked its usual fire, and nothing seemed to trouble either batsman. Ward was sitting It magnificent defensive innings, find Brown was scoring very last. It 'Trott saved numbers of runs by his fielding at point, and several singles were run before Brown nearly pitted McKibbin on, a lucky snick adding to the score. the light was now failing and it looked like rain. McKibbin had Ward in trouble for two or three balls, and then that Lancastrian cut him brilliantly, the bull dashing through Gregory's hands to the fence, 100 appearing in sight. Brown got A. E. Trott away in the, slips for a single, making 80 runs scored in 50 minutes M arti forward cut A. E. Trott for 3, and McKibbin bowled a maiden. In A. E. Trott's next over Franciscan. over to the off side, and the batsmen noticing the opening went for a pull, and each scored a single. Both bats men were playing confidently, and the bowling did not appear to trouble them Ward cut M'Kibbon splendid 119 for 4 and drove him to the on for a couple, the hours Elay having realised "TO runs Mnttus were coming serious, and at 115, (William. Bruce, Jarvis," Graham, and the 'frosts having had a consultation, Bruce took, the ball from A E. Trott, and Bent down an insult II Giffen relieved M'Kibbm fit the other still, and Ward got him neatly to leg for a triple t, and hitting lillico ten a couple brought PA up In (Jilli'iiH next over Brown picked an open spot between Lyon and Darling and got 2, and off the last ball of the Burnie bye was run, Gillen appealing uiiHiuoeasiully for li g before wicket. Brown, slipping back to Bruce, pulled bill for I, and later in the over a leg glide to the same batsman added another quartet, bringing Browns score to 72 Giffen was placed to leg for 1 by Ward, and at this stage 103 runs had been made in one hour and seven minutes M Sibbin took the ball at Bruce. end of 332, and Ward cutting him for 3 brought his score into the forties Giffen sent down another maiden and M Sibbin bowled a wide, and later in the over Brown got him to leg for 2 and since ed him for 4 140 up Giffen bowled another maiden, and Lyons relieved M Sibbin, and Brown pulled a loose one for a couple, and runs his total 80 Giffen throw the ball to H Trott for the last over before lunch) in 1 Ward scored a single a no ball also being added to the score the total at the a Tournament was 140 Ward, 41 Brown, SO When play was resumed after lunch all sign of rain had vanished and the sun was shining I right) The crowd who realised that on the next few overs hung the issue of the fight were very quiet, but Ward cutting A E Trott finely for 3 brought 150up mil cheers announced the fact that the 1 English men had got half way on their journey, II Trott took up the bowling and Gregory miss fielding Brown got 1 A E Trott was bowl in- at full speed in the hopes of getting a catch in the slips but Brown got him to fig for a couple Then the Yorkshireman back cut him for 4 between Giffen and Iredale which was just the closest alliance to Giffen W uri got a single off H Trott and Brown, jumping out drove him splendidly for 4 to the pavilion fence, and hit the next ball to the press box for 4 more Bruce and M kib bin fielded well in A L Trott's next over, which was a maiden, and then Harry Trott was hit to leg by Brown for a couple The next three bulls were splendidly fielded by M Sibbin at cover point and the last ball of the over Brown hit to the press box for 4 Brown had scored 102 runs in 95 minutes, his cricket having been a treat to watch watch Ward was ple) ing a Sterling game and was content to let his comrade do all the scoring He however drove A E Trott form and Brown hit the next ball to leg to the grandstand for 4 Another consolation was held between Bruce li Trott and Giffen and then both 1 ntsmen scored off the South Melbournite At 171 Giffen relieved A L 1 Pott, and Brown patted him to leg for 3 Ward also got a single for a drive lil kibble was fielding magnificent) and saving innumerable runs A E Trott took his brothers place at the Jolimont end and no over-pitched one was sent to the fence near the main entrance for 4 b) Av add a ch to welcoming his completion of CO In the next over Giffen appealed again for leg before against Brown and M Sibbin showed some more splendid fielding Brown got a single to mid-off off AT 1 road and AS nr 1 hit him to leg for 4 The batting at this stage was better than anything in the match and the Australian fielding was excellent The bowling however, was not up to the mark and the Australians Sadly missed the services of a M'Leod or a Turner H Trott went over to leg to Gifts n but Brown got him right round to let, for 3 and Gregor) fielded a hard cut well four li g byes was run off A E 'Trott which brought the 1 Englishmen within 100 runs of the Australians A confident appeal from the whole field for a catch behind the wickets against Ward off Giffen was disallowed b) Phillips and the batsman got 1 next ball Ward played very late at one from Giffen and was nearly bowled and Brown met am, main tie off each bowler 200 went up Each batsman got a single to mid-off M Sibbin putting in some grand work Yard then hit Girls n beautifully) to leg for 4 the ball bouncing back from the rails has made Yinni 00 They hesitated for a second in running 1 for a cut from Brown oil Trott but both got home safely) Ward then drove A J trott straight back the wickets saving 1 Bruce was now right out on the chains at square leg 1 rose at and on close up and Lyons and Iredale both on the leg side but still the run getting went on A J Trott was bowling better now, and sent down a maiden Brown got a single off each bowler, and Ward, putting 'Trott away to cover, brought 210 up Brown brought his score past M Laren s through M kind in misfielding Brown hit Giffen to cover for 3 the pin) being magnificent Ward then hit Girls n over the rink for a beautiful clean straight drive and a single to Brown brought 200 up M Sibbin rich and A E Trott and Brown had a couple of warm ones to stop for a start but we finally he got him away to leg for 4 G fine stud Brown up for a bit and then the A and H tremor hit him for J and 3 sue c vii i I) Brown was now 181 and the partnership had put on 200 runs Brownell at the In 11 Ismay and square . cut the Bathurst bowler for 1 Brown again got 2 and toil an over of Giffen's and Ward only ' got 1 me a hard drive through M Kibbm's brilliant field long Brown Biienked 1 eli it day and brought his score up to 140 and Ward gunner, in connie ') were scored off the over the first ball of M Sibbin s following over ben Brown, and off the second ball Girls n caught his left hand in the slips 'The Lord shirt Lunn who was heartily applauded, and no use his runs in 2 hours 25 minutes He 1 all made fifteen sevens and four Heads His innings was a masterpiece of fine dashing, credit of which no distinct the can be del used against him 1-140 28 With 5') to win M Laren came in and it Giffen away to square leg for a couple A HinJi to Ward made his score 70 M Sibbin was bowling better than at any time during the day but Ward got him to leg for 4, the same batsman got a single off Giffen, and M Kibbm again fielded mustard curry Singles followed to each batsman, and M F Uren got Giffen away for a couple, upon the run of singles, and M Ribbon lowie L a w id M Laren plueedGilTen Death to the on for a couple and 200 appeared 1 very run was counted eagerly by the crowd, and Ward brought his score to 80 by getting M'hinbin to lea for 2, and he followed up this by cutting him lustily for 4 With 30 more to say in it and hit Gift n prettily to the boundary for 4, and 11 I rose relevid M Sibbin. Wind got a couple through Iredale s ball fiel ling, and M'Laren followed with a single A E 'Trott took Giffen's sense, and M I aron played his first for a music Harry 'Trott then bowled Ward with a slow one 'The Lancashire crack band played an in valuable innings for 31, in which were included one 5, BIX 4 S eight is and five 2s He in at the wickets three hours and 27 minutes 49. 278. Pctlcumt in and hit 'trott, second ball to leg for each batsman drove Gifftnforl, and Peel got a single to leg off 1 Nott McLaren made a couple more off I road, and Peel a single off Giffen bringing 216 hp M Laren made a single, and Peel hit Giffen to leg for Fund Peel lacing 'I road cut him finely to the fence for I, make, the total 268, or two ahead of the Australians Round after round of applause went up for the Englishmen, who thus won the match and the rubber by six wickets and nine a un scours AUSTRALIA laST INNINGS. W Bruce c VI area is Peel 0 His Trott, b Briggs .. (1 Olden block 1 Iredale b Richardson s Archer, c Phillipson, li Richards I machine' plant is Peel If Graham, is Hloliartlsoti I Lyons c Philipson, Rookwood A J Trott c Lockwood, li Peel A H Jarvis not out W M Kibble i 1 col, b Briggs .. Il) es, 1, Ici; b) es, 10 .. Total . ,. -W Richardson local ... 288 1914-15 4 lockwood .... 102 72 7 1 brings ... 141 40ft 2 Brockwell .. 22 J 1 0 lord in in 0 0 0 become ivMsas. W Bruce, c and b Peel ,. _ « 11' 0 II s Trott b Peel ... 42 1 Iredale's Richardson. IS 0 QlITcii b Richardson. and S Orator), b Richardson 10 J Ilirlltig bPocl .... ft) 4 Lyons b Ilrltrira .... Ki 11 Qroliani His, is Richardson 10 A I.. Iron, b Richardson . 0 A H Jarvis, not out 14 T H Mbbln, o I Phillipson, li Richardson IS I II) es, 6 , leg b) 5s, 0 , no balls, 2 2 16 Total .... _ .. 107 Richardson .. Pool . ,. 2711 sum lockwood ... n0 24 7 Uriwrii 00 87 sS Lockwood bowled 2 no balls. 1 ENGLAND FIRST ISLANDS W Crookwell, at Jar Is but Trott A Ward, S M Mbbln A E Stoddart st lands li li Trott J T Gray n, is Mr Trott A O VPUrui, hit wicket, till Trott It Peel oGrcKoi), Warden W. H Lockwood oil Trott, li Gillon 11 O lords A K. Trott Walden I letters, of li Trott, li Olden T Richardson, Irwell Trott . li II I hillmen, not out By es, S leg-byes, wides, 4 . Total B Kirton li Trott . 141 71 s A E Trott . . ISO 84 4 T McKibbin ... 174 78 J A Bruce "811 7 1 A E. Trott Soutar (our readers. those invited W Brockwell c and li airfoil - - A Wurm, but Trott A E Stoddart, lbw, li H Trott J J Brown, oUMcn.bM'liibuln . A M Laren, not out. H Peel, not out. Hies 0, leg-bye, of ; wides, 2; no ball, 1 .. four wickets for .... - BOWLING ANALYSIS Balls Hans Hallen) Wickets. H Trott O (Millar A E "Trott MMIliblii Bruce JJ) one , AVERAGES IN TEST MATCHES. The following are the batting and bowling averages of all-the players who have taken part in the five test matches : AUSTRALIA.' . " " BATTING. E Trott .. L Giffen E Gregory.. I. Graham ... M. Blackham '. Iredale J. H. S. Trott Darling .. .'. Bruce ., T Callaway .. R. Jarvis ... J. Lyons .. I'. slavishly .. I. M'Leod .. I. T. R. Turner Jones. Reedman ... Oonliitrliam , Worrall .. , Harry C. Trumble .. I. Moses .. 102-1 62-7 9-2 I 6-1 S. Callaway O. T. It. Turner A. E. Trott.. J. Reedman G. Giffen . 5 O. H. S Trott H. Trumble W. Bruce A Coningham S. M'Leod .. K. Jones T. It. M'Klblila J. J. Lyons.. A Iredale .. ENGLAND. BATTING. U'l 16-17 21-3 me IS! A. Ward A. E. Stoddart J T. Brown A O. Jl'Laren It. Peel. V.O. J. Ford. J. llripK 1,. II. Gay .. VA. II. Lockwood W. Brockwell.. II. Phillipson T. Richardson 411) 82 2-3 200 180 ISO 18-2 18-1 17 174 T. Richardson It. Peel J. Briggs A E. Stoddart VD. Brockwell V. Lockwood A a. J. Ford 20-17 20-10 20 1 AFTER THE MATCH. <_._ . i , A PARTING GLASS. After the match the teams met in the high green-room, where His Excellency the Governor presented the bats given by Mr. Chalk, of Ballarat, to Brown and Darling, the highest scorers on either side.. His Excellency also took the opportunity, as being probably the best afforded him, of thanking the M.C.C. and Victorian Cricketers' Association for the many courtesies shown him, and assured them that some of the pleasantest hours in Australia had been spent on the ground. Mr. FRANK GREY SMITH, president of the M.C.C, proposed the health of the two teams. The final test match had been played, and the honours remained with England. (Cheers.) And right worthily those honours had been obtained. (Hear, hear.) At every point in the game they had shown supreme excellence and proved themselves to be the strong combine tion the promoters predicted they would be when the team first arrived here. In every part of the colony in which they had visited the team had endeared themselves to those with whom they came in contact (cheers) and the popularity of the team was in a large measure attributable to its leader. Mr. Stoddart burr, by consummate judgment, sportsmanlike conduct, and perfect general- ship, proved himself fit to be the leader of such a term. (Cheers.) He could assure Mr, Stoddart and his side that the promoters of The team went under the deepest obligations to them, and would always associate Sir. Stoddart's name prominently with the success of the enterprise. When the programme of matches was arranged it was widely predicted that Australia would be unable to find a representative team for five matches. That prediction had been completely fulfilled in the result. The prominent players of Australia had shown the greatest eagerness to obtain places in the text, and not a single player had dis- appointed them. The promoters felt themselves under very great obligation to the leading Australians for their inestimable help. The Englishmen had, he felt, given them as good an exhibition of cricket as any team I that had visited them in the past, and he was sure it was a BOU Free of gratification to Mr. Stoddart and his side to find how the onlookers had applauded their sterling play and worthy win. (Cheers.) Mr. STODDART, who was received with loud cheers, said the trip had been the rn33' enjoyable he had ever experienced, in spite of the duties of captaincy, which had of course entailed Burne little worry. He had been thoroughly well backed up by his team, and that support led largely to their success. The courtesy shown them, not only by the teams they met and to \" gentlemen more closely connected with the game, but by the Australian people on the cricket grounds, would never be forgotten. (Cheers.) He could not trust himself to express his feelings with regard to the victory just won. To have defeated BULLI a side as Australia put in the field was a victory of which the finest eleven in England would have felt justly proud. He could only express the hope that they would have an opportunity at no distant devices playing just such another fine series of matches, and though Australia had been beaten this time no one knew better than he that they had no cause to feel ashamed, (Cheers.) Mr. GEORGE Gi.FKti, who was likewise cheered, said he felt perfectly sure there was not a man on the Australian side who be- grudged Mr. Stoddart and his men their wonderful victor,'. (Cheers.) Although his team were not Englishmen, they were just sprouts from the same old trunk. . His hopes were raised last night, when, to be candid, he' felt that they had a good chance I of winning the match. Without wishing for a moment to detract from the magnificent performance of Brown and Ward, he could not help feeling that their Dowling had not been up to the mark. He hoped, however, that before long another Australian team would go to England, and on their own ground turn the tables on their victors of to-day and when Mr. Stoddart spoke of the hospitality shown his team in Australia he felt that he spoke for all Australians in saying that the way in which their men were treawd"in.England1 might possibly find a" parallel here, but could not well be surpassed. The gathering then broke up. The English team will leave for a Tasmanian tour to day. '_ EXCITEMENT IN THE OTHER COLONIES. SYDNEY, WKDNEMIAY. Interest in the international match was unabated to-day, "thousands watching the posting of the scores in the city. Sympathy was very strongly with the Australians, and much delight was expressed at the falling of Stoddart's wicket, the game being then regarded as practically won. As the day wore on and news arrived of the stand being made by Ward and Brown the faces of ardent Australian partisans became despairingly long, Giffen and Blackham fell in for much adverse criticism for leaving out Turner, who, it was said, would have the laugh at them now, the view' taken being that his services would have turned the tide in favour of the Australians. "vYInm the final result went up loud cheers were given for the Englishmen, though it was evident that their win was a source of great disappoint- ment. ADELAIDE, WEDNESDAY. The greatest excitement prevailed in Adelaide to-day, the Register attlee being besieged by crowds anxious to learn the latest scores. When Stoddart's wicket tell the crowd cheered vociferously, and everyone seemed sanguine that the Australians would win. Brown and Ward's play, however, gradually destroyed their hopes. The final result caused great disappointment to the general public. FEELING IN THE COUNTRY, BALLARAT, WEDNESDAY, The keenest interest was manifested in the great cricket match throughout the game. Crowds constantly hung round the newspaper offices awaiting the progress reports which were posted at short intervals, The -,_-, interest did not slacken,, even when it was obvious that the Australians had no further chance of winning. When the result was made known members of the Stock Exchange were holding their fourth meeting, and one of their number cheerfully incurred the risk of being lined by unfurling a Union Jack in 'miniature, an act which was responded to by an Australian unfurling the Southern Cross. 