XOUNT. ANTONIO. THE OUTLAW. _ .-. BY ANTHONY HuPE; ' ^. ". y Author of A Prisoner of Zenda." J 'i .M fl fi »Vi ¡...«u.- CHAPTER VL ' COUNT ANTONIO AND TM -HERMIT OP THE ''4 *'''" * VAULT. V <3 ; Tha : man set . hts band tn hi« brow ar "' "browned, and said sadly : . ! . Indeed, I ^have forgotten much, yet I ir . . ? member a-certain night whoo the devil can into me, and in black fury and joal.iusy.I :\' wait by tho door of the mom where" my wi was, and we had been wedded " but a- fe months. There-was a man .who was my friein and he came ito ruy wife secretly, seeking warn her that I'was'suspected" of treason to tl \- ¿Prince ; "yes, in all things he was my friend, fi ?iwhen I stabbed hini as he came to the door, an ' '^rushing iii stabbed her also, she did not di« ti \- she had. told me all; and then she smih sweetly at me, saying,"' Our friend will forgi'v dear husband, for y mi did not know ; and j »vjforgivB the ; blow your love dealt -me. ;I kiss ti "" """and let rite die hero in your arms ;' mid I kissi her," and-she died.. Thea .Inlaid lier on her lie . r v«nd-»I \went'.fi>r.th. friim niy "linnie,.and I wni '" dared many days. Then I sought to kill m self, but I could not, fur a voice seemed to su ? What penitence is there in death. Lo! it sweet, Paolo I So I did not kill myself, but took an oath to live-apart from - iiien¿tiU:.Gc sh"uld in his mercy send me death. And cor imf In my wanderings to the rivers that runs 'A BarateBt-B, [ found .a little h<din >v in the bal of the river," aiid I Jay down lhere; and ,nm pursued me', for tho'Du'se nf Formula carud n for a crime done in M.uitvoglia. And for year I dwelt in-my-little cave ; thou it w "' noised' about that I dwelt thero, aud foe began to call in«?, who was the, vilest siun buril,'a" holy hermit, mid they came tome; ask prayors., .So.I begged from ono a pick, ai I> woikeiri on ' the lac« of the rock'Mid made passage through it. Âud I swore no moro ¡ look upon the light nf the sun, lint abode i " .. tho recess thu t l had hollowed out. And 1 go i more lo the mouth of the cave, save once a;di at nightfall, when I drink of thu-water of ' tl river and take the broken meats they leave fi " me.' ' Hut hero-how came you hero ?' cried Ai tonio.\ . M'broke through one day hy chance as worked f on tho ruck, und, seeing tho vault, made »;piiBS»i>o with much labour, and ha vin ' done this,I hid it with ac-'flin, and now I dwo here with the dead, expecting thu time whet in God's mercy, I 'also shall bo nllowud to dit But to day 1 Hud back through the passage, fr ?non cunio niid npniiud tho va nil and lut in th simihiiiB," which I might nut seo. 1'roy fur nu sir; I ha vo need of prayers. - . ' Now. (jud comfort you,' siu'd Omint An tonio, softly. 'Of a truth, sir, a- man wh knows his sin and grieves fnr.it in his hear hath in God's eyes im longer any sin. So ¡3 i sweetly tany ht in tho "most holy Seripiuref Therefore; tiikb comfort, . for. yiïu friend wi iforglvo «l'en as thu gentle lady who loved yu forgave, mid Chris* has'no less forgiveness thai they.' " . ... .?.*-'f know riot,' said the . hermit,, groanin heavily. ' I question thu dead who Hu her concerning, thune things, but they iniiy not tel me.'' .'Indeed, poof, man, they can tell yon noth i .ing.' aiiid '.Count '"Antonin,.gently,;'for he put ?'' ceived that thu mun wu snbjuot to a mudnus and deluded by fancied visions and voices. ' !. './.'"Yet I'loVe tn ts Ik to them of the time whoi 1 also shall be dead.' '.God ..comfort you,' said Cnunt Antonii . , again.' , ' - ... ' ...N.i'W while Antonin and thu. ,linrmit tnlketl one,of those who guarded thu .vault chanced ti lay hisioar agaiiist the door, listening whuthu \- Antonio inovi d, ami ho hoard to his groat drear, and consternation tho voiee of anntlmr ,wl»< " talked with Antonio; mpst;.óf',wliar.:he said'hi did not hear, but ho heard Antonio any ' Goc comfort yon,' and thu. hermit answer soino thing ¿nd groan heavily. And theiegs nf tin listuuer shook uiidur him, and he cried to hil comrades, that the dead talkud with Antonio ""himself''"¿eing, from fright, more dead thin \- alive. -And all came and listened', and still tin voice of another, tallied with Antonin, so thal tti~e guards were struck with terror lind tookee .at one another's tacos, saying : " The dene ? speak ! The "Count speaks with the dead Christ and the blessed mother of Christ mir the saints protect us,' and they, looked uuitliei to the right-iidr'the lel't'j'but snt'quaking or ,,the ground, .about tho door of tho vault,.anti presently ono ran and told .the syndic, and In caused himself to bo carried thither in hil chair, and he also heard anth was-very greatlv afraid, saying: 'This -Antonio, of Montt "Wlluto, is a fuarful iriaiú' ¿rid tho report sprent through Baratofitu that: Count Antonio talker «.¡ih tho,/laud- in..-.tb« vault of the Peschelti whence cariio, I doiibt not, the foolish tales ol' which I have made mention.- - . A .seed ,is...enough ; .men's tongues, water il and-if ¿rows to a gtéat plant/ Nor did any man think that- it .waa " the 'hsrenit who talked, .for althougli.they .knew of ,his cave, they did hot "know or'imagine of the passage he had made, o it'd his Voice was'utterly strange, seeing that he Jiad.spo.ke.n no word to any living man for twenty years til!he spoke with the Count that-night. Therefore-the whole of Bnratesta was in great ¡'ear, and they came to a certain learned priest, who was thu priest of the Church of St.TJolin; a"hd told him. . And he.arose and came in great haste and offered prayers outside the vault and bade thu uvi|-'iiot spirit rest, but .he did- nn't,rolfer. to. .ontui', ... j »r. did any one of them, but they all said : . We Had determined oven before to await the Duke's guard, and that-is still the. wiser thing; . .vJFör;.« great while the hermit could not tinder stand what Antonio: wanted of lum, for his " thoughtB"wçro.on bis pwn,',sta|.p ; and iwith the dead. But at length, haying.-understood that Antonio1 would be guided' through the passage and brought to the mouth nf the .cave, in the hope .nf nridniK means to escape before tho Tfuke'ä "commissaries came with the'guard, he murmured ;wunduringly;t.i,Do you'then desire to live ?*'arid rose, atïd led Antonio"" whero the coffin stood upright against the wall as Antonio had seen it. But it was now ino'vod "a, little to ono' 8Ído,- *aiidJ there"'waa' a' narrow opening throngh which the Count had also to pass ; and In his struggles ho upset the coffin, nod it full with a great crash, whoreat all who wore out "'. side the vault' fled. suddenly to .a.distance of a hundred yards iir more in" panic,, expecting now íta.see'thottfoor of tho vault open.,and the dead walk forth, nor could they -be persuaded to oouionearer.again..- -, -But Antonio, with a great effort, made his wa^throiigh the opening and followed the her mit, along ,a narrow, rough-hewn way. An tonio's ahouldura grazing .thu route on either side as he went. '. And, having pursued this way for fifteen or twenty paces, they tu rued. ¿ta r the right sharply and went on ? another -?ten1 paces) and, having pnssed through , another narrow opening, were in tho - cave, ' and the river glistened before their eyes, for it was now dawn. Arid'the hermit perceiving that it was dawn, and fearing to sue the Bun, turned to fly book to the vault, but Antonio, being full nf pity for hin^-detaiiiod liiui and besought him to aban don nts'manner of lifo, assuring him that.by now^his' "sin ,wns certainly .ptirged,"and wi)on theihormitwonld not' listen -Antonio followed \- him buck-to-tha opening that led-into the Vault and," forgetting hm own peril, reasoned with him for the spuee_of an.hour...or more, but "could hot prevail. So at last hö bade him fare well very sorrowfully, telling him that God -had -made Bim that day'thn instrument of saving a man's life, which Buotild be tn . him. a sign of favor and forgiVeness, but trie hermit shook his h"ead and passed into the vuult, and Antonio heard him talking to the dead Peschelti ami answering questions - that his own - disordered brain invented. - : Thus it was full morning whim Antonio came ;'ágHÍn to thê little cave hy the liv^r, and be thought him what he should do for his own safety. And suddenly looking across tim river he beheld a gentleman whom he knew, Lepardo, a' commissary" of the Duke's, and with him thirty of the Duke's guaid, and they were riding very fast, for having started at midnight to avoid the heat of the sun (it being high sum mer) so soon as they reached the out-skirta of fiuratusta they had, heard that Antonio was in: tho vault, and .were .now pressing on to cm» the bridge mid come upon him. And Antonin : knew that Lepardo was a than of courage' and hardihood and would ba prevented_by nothing. from entering the vault. . Bat ona:audden Le pardo checked, his horse, littering a loud cry, for to hts great amazement he had seen An tonio as Antonio looked' forth from the cave and he could not tell how he caine to be them, und Antonio at once withdrew himself into the shadow of the cave :' I\:ÍÁ;ÍS'Z:: ->'Í ^^*- - -, Now the banks of-the;'stream pn_the side on which Lepardo' rode were high andrpreeipitousr ' and, although it was suniriierf -yet- tho stream rwa8 too deep for- ;him to ..wade;-:*alid .flowed quickly ; yet, at "Lepardo"* bidding, ?six" bf his 1 stoutest men prepared t» leap do wu the. bank \- and go in.search of Antonio ; and Antonio dis ucruiug that they,would do thin, and blaming ' himself fiir.iiis rashness, in looking-out so in 1 cautiously, was greatly at a loss what to do; for now. ho was hummed in ou either side, and he '. saw nothing but to sell his life dearly, and do some deed that should ornament his death.. Sn lin retreated again along th« passage, and 1 passed through the oponing into the vault, and \- hu summoned the hermit to aid him, and be ' ' tween them they set not only one but a dozen of the coffins of the Peschelti against the opening, laying them lengthwise and piling one on thu top bi the other, hoping that Lepardo'a mun would not discover the opening, or would at least be delayed, some time before they could thrust away the coffins and come through. Thou Antonio took his plude by the gate nf thu vault again, sword in hand, Haying grimly to the hermit : .If you seek Death, sir, he will be hereabouts before long.'->,j , ,i But the Count .Antonio was not a man whom his friends would abandon to death unaided, and while the syndic was watching Antonio thu I on r young 'men who were with thu Count niacin -their escape friiih-.Cesare's bouxe and, having separated fruin oiie another, rodu by toiir differ ont ways toward, the hills, using much wariness. Yoi three ol tliuui ...wore..caught hythe Duke's con;puny that waichud iii thu plain, and, having' been son nilly flogged, were set to work a« ser vants in the camp. But tho fourth cunio'Bufe to the hills and found there Tommasiuo and Bena, and Toiniiiusino, hearing »of 'Antonio's state,, started with Bena mid eighteen more to rescue him or dio with' him. And .: they.fell in with a scouting party of tho Duke's and" slow every mau to the number of five, losing two of their own number, but.thus they escaped, there being none left to curry news to, the camp, and they rode furiously, aud by thu'time they cairne near Barn testa they were not more than n milo be hind Lopurdo's company. But Lepardo, when he hud.detauhud tho six mon to watch Antonio,; mdo iii hastily to find thu syndic und learn from hiui thu meaning of. what he had seen, and thus Toiiiuiasino, coming OPP0"''0 to the mouth of til»:'hermit's cave, saw mi more than six horses tutljerud on tho nvur bank, having the Duke's usuutchunn wrought on their, saddle . cloths. Then bu leaped.down,- and.-running to the edge ot' thu bank, saw a , ulan disappearing into thu mouth of tho casa, dripping; wet, ami thia iiiiiiP was thu last nf,-lin* six, who had swam the river and wore now groping thoir way with caution ulong tho narrow truck that thu hermit had o,ado. Now Tommasiuo understood no" more thiiii Lopardn that tliure was any opening from thu xii vu lo tho vault, but he thought that the Duke's moil did not swim the river for their -pleasure, and he bade Bena take live and wu toll what would happen, while be rode on with the rest; ' If they come out again immediately,' hu said, ' you will have them at a disadvantage ; bot if they do not come out go in after them ; for I know not what thuy are doing unless they aro seeking my consul or, laying soins trap for him.' Thon Toiiimasino róilo after Lepardo, and Bena,, haying given tho Duke's men but thu briefest spaco in which to ooiuu out again fro n the cave, prepared to gu after them. And the Duke's men were now much alarmed ; for the last man told them of the armed men on the bank opposite, and they did not wear the Duke's badge : so thu six retreated up tho passage very silently, and.they could .not. find.any. oponing, for it grew darker at, every step ; and they be came much out of heart. . But; Belia's mun crossed the river and entered the mouth of .the cave after them. Thus there was a fair likeli hood of good fighting, both in the passage and by the'gate nf the vault. ; But the Count Antonio, not knowing that any of his baud were near, had ceased to hope for his life, and hu sat calm and ready, sword in hand, while the hermit withdrew to a corner Of the vault mid crouched there, muttering his mad answers and questions, and ever and again hailing some one of the dead Peschelti by name, as though he saw him. Then suddenly a coffin fell with a loud crash -on tho "top of the heap on tho floor ; for tho 'Duke's nien bad found; the opoiung and wore pushing at it with hand and shoulder. .Then 'Antonio'sprang to his feet and left the gate and went; and stood; ready Jjy tho pile ol'coffins. But again, on a sudden'oainu u tiirriult from beyond the opening,"" for Buna aud his. five men also were now in th« passage, and the fore must of them-who indeed was Bena himself-had como upon the hindmost of the Duke's men, und tho six, finding an enemy behind thom, pushed yet more fiercely and strenuously against the coffins. And no mau in the passage saw any man, it being utterly dark ; and they could not use their swords for lack of spuou, but drew their daggers and thrust ficreuly when they felt a uaun's body uear. v!-';;i, . i. So in th« (lurk they rushed and wrestled':and struggled and slabbed,, aiid fthu. sound of their tumult filled all the vuult and;spread beyond;' being heard outside, and many outside crossed themselves for fear, saying : ' Hell Sis broke loose. Ood save us I' But at that. moment caine Lepardo and his company, and he, having leapt from his .horse and heard from the syndic that Auinnio ' Was i in veiy.truth in the vault, drew his sword and came at the head of his men' .to the donr, nnd^hearing tho tumult from ¡with in, hu cried .in" soprno-'.iThëse: aro no^ghosts !' and himself," with his boldest, rushed at the door, and they luid hold on the liandles'of it and wrenched it open, And Antonio), perceiv ing that the door was wrenched open, and . not, yet.uiideretaiidjng tost ¿ny bf his friends were, near, auddoiily-flung himself prone upon the floor by tho side/of the vault, behind two of thu coffins which the offorts of the Duke's men had dislodged, aud there he lay hidden, so that Lopanlo when ho rushed in saw no mari, for tho corner where the hormit crouohed..waa dark; but thu voice'^of tho madman carno, saying : ' Wulcoino I -Do you bring me another of tho ?P. schuld 1' Ho is welcome !' . ? -..-.Then Mia Duke's men; having pushed aside »ll the cum',s save one, came tumbling and scr»rob dug «vcr int» the vault, where they found Lepardo and his followers, and bot on their heels came Bena and his five, so that the vaul t was full nf men. And now from outside also ci ni« thu clatter of hoofs and hoarse cries, and the clash of steel, for Tommnsino had come and had fiilluu with great fuiy n i those of Lepardo's men who were outside, and on the syndic's levies that watched from afar off. And fierce waa the battle outside, yet Bercer was it in where men fought in half light, scarcely know ing with whom they fought, and tripping hither nod thither over the coffins''of the Peschelti that wer» strewn about the floor. Then the Count Antonio arose from where be lay and he cried aloud : * To in«, to me ! * T<i in«. Antonin of Monte Velluto !" and he rushed tu the entrance of the vault. Bena, hearing his voice and cutting down one who burred the way, ran to Antonio in great joy to find bim alive and whole. And Antonin came to Lepardo, wbo stood his onset bravely, although greatly bewil dered to Bud a party of Antonio's men where he had looked for Antonio alone. And hu cried to his men to rally around them, nod, keuping his' face and his blade toward the Count, began to fall back toward the mouth of the vault, in order to rejoin his men outside, fort hero also he per ceived that there was an enemy. Thus Lepardo full back and Antonio pressed on. But, un noticed by any, the mad hermit now sprang forth from thu corner where ho bad been, -and as Au tonio was about to thrust at Lepardo the hermit caught him by the ann, and with, the strength of frenzy diew . him baok and.' thrust himself forward, ruiinihg oven nu the point of Lüpsrdo's sword,' that was ready for Couut Antonio, and the sword of Lupardo. pissed through - tlie breast .of the hermit of the vault and protruded behind , his. back between the shoulders, and lin fell prone on the floor nf the vault,' crying exultantly : ..D.iath! Thanks be to Goa1, death !" And then and there he died of tho tlirust Lopardo gave him. But .Antonio, with Bena and three moro-for two of ßi'iiu's Hvu were slain-drove Lupardo and his men back ' before them, and thus woii their way to . the gate of thu vault, whore, to their joy, they found that Tomina siuo more than huid. In's own, for .he had scat tered Lepardo's m'en, and the syndic's wore in full flight, save «¡Jilt 01- tun of thu old soldiers, who had servuil in .r- e companies, und these stood in a group, their swonls in their right bauds and daggers in their left, determined to die ilo irly, and thu grizzly-Inn md fellow who had kilted Antonio'« horne lind ussuuied com mand of them. , , ' Hwre aro some fellows worth fighting, my lord,' said Beúá, joyfully, to Touimasino. »Let us beat thuin, my lord, mm for man, an equal number nf us.' For although Belia hud killed a man and uiuimeil another in thu vault, he saw no reason for staying his hand. (TO UB CONTINUED.) ); THÄtSÖTHl.oasu, of .whooping, .oougli ohooked, ;r¿r #ayyijfaitttóveá'by lïeld^^étbid Syrup.* | I Indigestion and «il kindred ailments.* J 