The Pacific Cable. Osr Thursday a ntmiber of gentlemen, representing the Chamber of Com xaerce and including Mr. Keightijet, the President of the Newcastle Chamber of Commerce: Mr. J. B. TiAB.yri, agent for the Dominion; of Canada ; and Mr. J. C. Smith, agent for the Government of Fiji, waited upon Mr. Rsn- to urge that steps should be taken to investigate the practicability of a scheme, propounded by Mr. Labes, for the laying of a. cable , between Australia and Canada jjtader British control. Upon the suBfect of a Pacific Cable generally Mr. IIeed returned a some what vague, but not discouraging, answer, and promised, moreover, to consult the Cabinet. Of course, it is very necessary that the Government should look carefully at the finan cial side of this matter before pledging itself to anything ; but a Pacific dable, if it can be laid without causing involvement is certainly desirable. For one thing, even from a purely economical point of view it is not wise io remain longer than avoidable under the thumb of one cable monopoly however excel lent might be its route and its services. Monopoly means the mainten ance of high rates. It is the number of cables under the Atlantic that has rendered cabling between England and America comparatively cheap, and has enormously promoted business. Then there are physical ob jections to sole reliance on the present route, such as line possibility of volcanic disturbances affect ing the sea lines passing through the Eastern Archipelago, as they have often been affected before^ and the even more numerous chances of the long land lines traversing the almost uninhabited parts of this conti nent being interrupted by flood or gales. A Pacific cable would naturally land on the east coast of Australia, and so would require no long land communications at this end through, thinly peopled tracts. But perhaps the strongest reasons in favor of a Pacific cable are of a political order. AH the present lines of which the Eastern Extension is the Australian connection touch at some part or parts of their routes on foreign territory — run for some dis tance through French, German, Italian, Russian, Turkish, Persian, or Dutch possessions. Eecent events in the East have shown the urgent ne cessity of preventing Australia being cut off even temporarily from news from Europe, and, of course, the first step of a foreign power which came to a rupture with Great Britain would be to destroy what of Great Britain's cable communications it could lay hands on. They were con siderations of this kind that caused the late Ottawa Conference, and Lord Jersey in his report thereon, to favor a Pacific cable. Probably a stop page of the existing communi cation between here and Europe during a time of anything approaching to warlike excitement would cost more in panic than would pay a substantial Pacific subsidy for some time. The principal non-British people near the route of a Pacific cable would be the Americans. The Ameri cans have shown some touchiness aboujb a British cable having a landing station in the Hawaiian group, but it is doubtful whether this touchiness was so much against Great Britain as against President Cleve land, who in the cable matter was rather friendly to British interests, and so gave his opponents a handle which they could use for partisan pur poses. 'Whatever may have Been American feeling, however, over this Hawaiian matter the chances as to a collision ever occurring between the the British Empire and America are infinitesimal as compared with the chances of such a collision between Great Britain and some European power. A cable the route of which lay, both as to the submerged part and the land lines, mainly in the western hemisphere would therefore be safer than one that had to traverse the eastern. No time could be more appropriate for inaugurating a Pacific cable movement than this when Sydney is about to become a great jfree port. Professor Anderson Stuart's report on the maintenance of sick paupers for the year 1894, which was laid before Parlia ment on Thursday night, showed how ex tensive had been the demands in that dir rection on the public charity during the period mentioned. As compared 'with the total number of applicants for the previous year, there was an increase of over three hundred. The figures stood thus: For 1894, 9134; and for 1893, S813. All things fairly, considered, perhaps there is no rea-' Son to feel surprised at the :wider desti tution -which -was thereby exhibited, or to suppose that a similarly distressful ratio will continue to be kept up. The general state of trade has certainly improved considerably from what it-was all through last year, and such a change should have Its effects in a. favorable way on the next statistic^ with respect to die sick poor. Poverty unfortunately is too often apt to have sicl&ess; as a guest. The: report contains wo suggestions, ?which are well 'Worthy of^ attention, {toe is for the ©rec' ftba of an hospital for the reception of con sumptive patients; the other ia for the or ganisation of some system by which the. sick poor could be visited la their own homes. With regard to ; the JB*1^ an *-Pi'. ;iuoii'.is ' expressed .'tfr ^'Jr^te^r^jLnae'ificfla'' Stuart ;that iie jgoba ;-%»rk inig^t=|-e%ppro- priately taken up by some charitable ao eiety-ii. Sydney. ' Charitable societies of : all kinds have no doubt of late flays had : ^hteir energies and ' resburoes pre^y well taxed, and May mot have |by^^any SdMsanS^a superfluous amount of neither to deVote to n&w.; efforts Just taow« _' 5Phe hint thrown out with, regard to the hospital for'consamp- tlves should not, however, be lost sight of. In a city ? wjth.such a '-population as this, the absence of a place iof the kEnd is a very great want, and one which it is to be hoped will be supplied before Sydney is much older. Consumptives are types, of suffering humanity which we are only too Mkely to have among us for many a day to come, and to a greater extent than was, once thought probable in such a climate as - ours. Touching the proposal for visiting the sick poor, it is to be said that if me thods were devised — as it is to beVimagined they could without very much difficulty — through the medium of local dispensaries associated with the hospitals for carrying out sueh an idea, the usefulness of those large institutions would be vastly increas ed, and perhaps not at very much greate* cost to the public than they Involve at pre sent. If poor patients were attended in their own homes, in many cases no doubt it would be a saving of expense to the State, and a fuller opportunity would be afforded for illustrating the old maxim—' one equally sanctioned py medical aur thority and common sense— that preven tion is better tfran cure. &* The Sydney City Mission, which is now giving all the winter help it can^ reports many cases of acute distress -amocg the deserving poor. Among the, particular instances cited at length are examples of peculiar destitution at Miller's Point in connection with families the chief bread winner of which has died or gone into the hospital. Similar oases are mentioned by the mission's members dt Waterloo, Alexandria, Erskineville, Woolloomooloo, Chippendale and the districts principally inhabited by people dependent on shipping. The most distressing feature is the numbers of families mentioned who are without blankets at iTigh/fc during the -comparatively bitter weather. The City Mission's report draws attention to the faofc that it is often not the sort of poor who make themselves seen and heard most who are really the worst off. In the City Police Court, Melbourne, a sentence of three months' imprisonment was passed yesterday upon the late secretary of the Democratic Clnb for the larceny of moneys belonging to the club. The secretary's principles, once again to vary a well-known phrase, were evidently less democratic than fiscal. The accounts from the old world with^ respect to Australian chilled meat should certainly not have a chilling effect on those engaged in the promotion of that inx portaat branch1 of our export trade. That there is a great future be fore it there can b.e*^ no man ner of doubtt. It is only to. be hoped that the rapidity with which it must na turally develop) will not faiKtoTje associa ted with an equal amount of spirit and in telligence on the part of tho'Se conteerned in the industry. 'But there need be little fear that such conditions will be wanting. Less satisfactory reports have reached here with respect to the Australian honey which has recently been placed upon the home market. A portion of a consign ment of that article-, which was sent to England by the Woolloomooloo, was found when it reached its destination to be of fair color, but its flavor was pronounced bad, and it was valued below f 1 per cwt, while Jamaica honey was selling at £1 3s per cwt. Sweet, however, are the uses of adversity. Doubtless even this very mild experience of it on tKe part of those who despatched the honey in question will have its advantages, by teaching them the neces sity of greater care in future, when send ing samples to a distant market. The great object is not alone to select the best samples, but also to neglect no precau tion that may prevent them from becoming merely second best by the time they get to the other end of the earth. In the jolly drinking ^ong which Charles Lever paraphrased from the German the Sultan is mentioned as one of two best samples of the typical happy man: The Sultan is the man for me, For he from every care is free. It is very doubtful, indeed, whether this description was ever even 'poetically true; but, at any rate, nowadays it would ap pear to be most prosaically false, inas much as it is announced that the, Sultan, owing to mental w3rry, has developed all the symptoms of paralysis. We announced in yesterday's late editions the death cf the well-known Spanish itepub. licsta and ' patriot ' Senor Ruiz Zorilla, who once played a prominent part in the stormy politics of his native country, and had oalso Buffered a long period ofe exile. The story of what Zorillist Republicans were capable of when hard up and in exile has been told be fore, but is worth telling again. We wilj quote from a note of some years ago : ~ About 1884 a Spanish military insurrection, intended solely to 'bear ' the funds on the Madrid and other Stock Exchanges, was en gineered from London and Parif^ bj specula tors. These worthy persons entered into communication with some Zorillist refugees in London and arranged with them for a Republican propaganda at a reasonable price against AlphonSo J4.ll. When all1 was certain the gang became ? ' beats ' of Spanish stock for the next account and instructed their Con tinental newspaper allies tp look out for and make the most of any telegrams concerning a Spanish emeufe. The plan succeeded tq ad mixatioiL. The Zorijlist partisans had worked upon some non-oommissioDed officers and Boldiers. These, really believing there 'was going: to be 'an effort -£b estab lish a Eepubiic, broke out of barracks with their arms on a 'certain day; tlie funds went down by the run, and the ' bear,' operators partially bankrupted the *' buHs ' when accounts Were closed. Accounts were soon closed for the active instruments after insurrection. They were captured and shot. Profoably , aaaii in the know were aware that the dopes had not the ghost of a chance*, it was possible to make a Buoceaefnl ' bull ' speculation in anticipation of the restoration oi authority. - What the exact connection may have been be. tween Zorilla and those who called themselves Zorilliat refugees is not very plain. Con spiratozsde sot do their spiriting publicly, : nor are refugees as a rule very truthful. A Spaniard thinking of what other Spaniards have done in the name of liberty might be excused for taking seriously Dr. Johnson'8 definition of patriotism—^' The last refuge of a scoundrel.' The announcement that the plans of the New^Tork ana Jersey Company for a bridge 'dyer the Hudson River have been ap proved jof will' remind people here of that project for connecting Sydney and the North Shore in a similar way, a pro ject, however, which;, was most of ten heard of „ In , the election speeches of a ? well-lmqwn ? old vjiar liamentary hand.' In his vocabulary *he Junction -tol *he : city aid its ?m portant suburbs ^; tb« other 'side of the water used' to -eis^e|Tea iato; it' will be rer men^ered, ,in gemi^oeUcal phi^e/ as the '^ntirriage7' of ; -ihe'^ti^o places'; -.;-V- ? Whether Wucni^-v-inaEriage sfefe ?^fe^ettjjteitef-they'future'; *r itot^'ibr' ttifepresenM^^ ate, and probably will fee 'for some time to come, very eumeient reasons, financial and otherwise, to forbid the bannB, j t ? 