INTERESTING SKETCHES. & MhiSldight -I Shall Ielncsnlber. Jack Templeton had been my closest friend mn boyhood, was my cherished companion in Sdsl days of our early manhood at college, and my delightful correspondent during the ten years that bad gone since the close of the nappy period of student life. This corres. pondence had not been the only communioa. l on between us, for we agreed, on the final seave.taking of our old college quarters, that visits on each other should be kept up, Jack setting aside at least two weeks in one year to be spent with me wherever I should be settled, and the year following I was to visit aim for a short season. This arrangement bnd been observed by both with punctuality and regularity, and we became well ac. quainted with each other's mode of living, sccupation and surroundings. Jack was a physician in Greenwich. Angone knowing sim during the character-forming period of nis life would have marked himn for a future physician. lie possessed those traits of char aeter, those oddities of native disposition which eano strong individuality. ,ite was ryely humorous in his ordinary conversation, :alnded in his intercourse with his acquaint. snces, cheerful enorgh on occasion, ingenious in his estimate of people, not by any mea5ns arilliant, but studious and determined,cape :alily so when concerned in the investigation >f subjects belronging to the obscure andi hay. ing a dsih of the mysterious. To him the ; lreek gammer and Latin construction were dull plodding, butmathemoatics, and especi ally the study of mental science and of those questions the solution of which involves an exploit into the depths of psychology, were to him a genuine pleasure. Exploring the.mysteries of the huiman mind was that which made up the texture of his thoughts ny day and was apt to weave the fabric of his dreams by night. A trick of magic, no matter how obscure, did not interest hiis be. Pause there was no pretence that its operation depended O l anything but some clever mechanical contlirance or sleight of hand. Such things were lacking in that essential, the supernatural, which so absorbed his every thought. But an exhibition of mesmerisms filled him with wonder, for he recognized in It the manifestations of the unsecn workings of the human mind, andt much of his time was spent in the study of its strange phoene mena. It was his claim that could nmesamer ism become other than the ungovernable thing it now is and bebrought under thesub. icotiun of the human will, it would prove not only a msighty aid in sedicine and sur. cery, but would veryl.hkely alforil a explan.u Lion of those strange smental conditions which so puzzle the world to-day. !laving a mind thus fashioned it was the most naturaml thing ror Jack to take to medicine as a profession medicine in its broad sense, the enthusiastic study of which will gratify the thinking man 'n his search for light upon the intimate and the intricate relation of the human body to the human soul. The newspaper field had been chosen by me as the one in which I would exploit what ever of learning and energy and determine. lion I possessed, and at this time I was en gaged on a morning daily in a vigorous pro vincial town. It was Jack's year to visitme, and the time seing at hand when he might be looked for l had completed the few preparations about my bachelor belongings which his comiue would make necessary, so Iwas not surprised when just atn wilight one evening in July he same in upumllce, sitting alone, in meditative mind, in my second-story flat apartments. Not surprised, I say. At the time, truly I was not. I remember the date of his coining. It was Friday night, the 12th of July, 1877, a fact which in the light of what followed I had good reason to remember. Our greetings were as cordial as usual, our handshaking as rigorous, and our msutuul inquiries about tie things that had come into our lives since the last meeting were as rapidly and enthusiasti. ;ally spoken as ever. My own x periences _lor the twelvem th, commonplac?.i ?s.-., S+mnsdeu p the cbrfect.asloancho of incident ind'advcnture Jack had to relate of himself. Ite told me that night the details of experi. ment after experiment he had made with the auman physicalorganism; how he had tested and analyzed and theorized in his endeavor to sift down, satisfactorily to himself the grand mystery of what portion of a man's body was most closely related to his soul ; what one of the various systems in the numan framework gave shape, and motion, and energy to the sublime thing, mind. This was hie hobby, lie did not spare me. Its never did spare mc when thus occupied. Ito had become accustomed to having me in. lulge him when on his favorite theme. In this connection he had many new'interesting stories to tell about mesmerism and what ieo meiled his measureless possibilities. le re. Inted how he, while in the mesmeric sleep, at the will of a person who ipossessed the power of putting one under its influence, had been sent, at the instance of a third iperson, a stranger, to a far distant city where he had never been before, not, at least, in the onli. narily understood sense of being, and had described scenes and objects about the streets of that city accurately enough to be easily recognized by the third person, whoso name it won. Several tests of this kind had been made, each time with the most astonish. mg results. Jack's enthusiasm In the nar. ration was only equalled by the readiness with which lie came to his conclusion, that :he mind of the mesmerized subject had, un. aamocred by matter. time or suaco, been transported at the will of a designated per. son to a place chosen by that person, and be ing present in that place had, of course, ac. tully seen subjects there, and,easily enough, couldtellof them; In sther minds the ob. jects had made their impressions on that mind, and, that mind, returning to its accus. tomed habitatlion, the subject's body, could readily give account of those impressions. "And," he added, with a peculiar hn res. sirecess in Iis voice, "I believe that if tihe conditions are favorable the subject under the influence of this subtle something can be tmnsported in spirit to a distant place, can see and talk with a second person, and this visit with all its incidents will be to that second person in everything important an absolute reality-so real that he will never feel those unpleasant sensations that accoms. pany what are called ghostly visitations." Jack's conclusions and the cnrnestless of his manner were largely interesting to me, and although I Instinctively Inclined to tihe natural view of things-a view emphasized by a callinlg dealing chiefly with the real affairs of this lifeo- lsd but little bellef in anything that could not be cxplained by causes we call niatural and are easily tinder. stood, and would discredit the testimoniy of any person, ino matter how near to me, if that testiiony conflicted withL what seemed to me reasonable,still Jack's seorlousnesssand honesty strangely Imprcsedel me that sightl ansd I celi. fessed to him that what ioilsI siot Ise plroved need not necessarily he doubted I that there were likely srnnsger things seL earth alone than weraknown oil ans then with a wish to dismlssthe whole subject for one moro eheersing I asked about sours acqusaintasrCos I had In tiresnwicvl, his hlotnoe to wsohich hilqul. ris he resllondes nlold il ture asked for sly father's fsamily, whlo still live en the ohis honestad, a few miles away froln tlhe ciy mfslyresilencv. I rellled by aran nrglg with I Jack rigght hero for an visit togetiher twi our enrly otuel, ansl seinlseway pIeli esI a elot Co niy sister telllgs Illsi s IOsII g of ss el lro s pliltcl visit houlc, Iss tllat iarringicsluiin s mlght Ioe snleo for sllr slsie fir It islcf csens s, I sledole this letter, with ,lvIk's Ioavlist is, the Tie nrghrswss Weiiuteiisse l, otlfulls n it ossit ise it II tflre iivlisi Isnia jisnotllshis osny l tssisr. t 'iAls is groimi s ios. alugl isis i shli o lu lrui lig iill , v i h lion s sisIsly uliilkllli .t s hII ss Clross (if uso iisi 0 lie hsis :l'ssi- llis l uS l boa I in] sltoe ir f 0llg ki h sh s llisi slwit i-isls.i , Isi il elssl Isis scs is issi sl ob IIIIii h, n aIi) hlls Issi bsl insI ni l Is.<l isy i lll h Il-hl. I ll rose a ti k I, i ,s i rsh, i y ti- I, ikisislt sit Ii iatigues of his lonig juissrisy ani IheIs late Iour i )i retirlng would jlrepareu ima for i prolonu ged 'est. Lore than an hour passed and I began :o feel the need of eating, lld was promising amyself the full enjoymruent of a breakfast with lack for mycompany ; so I went to his bed. roomn to call him. My astonishnlent was aJetty evident when opening the door Jack oas not in the room, and what was stranger still, nothing it cootained indicated that he oand been there. The bed ohad not been disar. aonged in the least. Not a chair or other or. idcle of furniture apparently had been aorved lron its nccustomed position. Alto. tether there was not a shadow of evidence that any person living had been itl that room thoe preceding night. Thera were no win. .ows ill the room, snd no door save the one aipening into the one where I slept. A per. sosl then could not get out of thaint bedrooto slid out of the house except by conliong through that door nod leaving by ttoe hall door. I remembered that when I awoke this outside door was locked and bolted as usllan on the inside ; this was recalled by tihe dlilt I colty in sliding back the bolt that smorsninr. This showed that even had ,lack been dis. posed to leave me in that shabby mrlnrner ins the middle of the nigllt, he could not have done so, snot to menltion that s1ch1'sa iroceed.I ing wovll hbe as unlsookeld for in thle mIlln an it woold be unworthy of shis. The truth remained, nevertheless, lack was gone. liot how lhe had taken his deplrttuor was a deep mystery to moe. Strange as it was, thousgb no suggestion of the sulllernatural thlln entered into my ca'culations, and I conten. ted mlyself with thliking that a reaoonable explanation wouhl offer itself ill tiime. I said nothing to anyone of the occurrrnce, not caring to brave the doubt and ridieule tile telling of it would likely provoke. I was extremely anxious to comlle to at least sonme plausible solution of the affair, yet tie longes I sought one thle mlore perplexed Ibecalne, till I had to conclude that the whole ptro ceeding was a very vividdreamo. A dreams it might be ; but isuch aeonclusion wasexceed. ingly disappointing and unsatisfactory, for intdreats peronos don't grasp each otlhere hands, and smoke together, antd drink to. gethlr, and talk for hours at a time conlnect. edly on a subject, especisialy such a one as oceupied our atteltion that night Thlen another cirecumstance came to lme me with almost slartling suddenness. 731e lltter! Did I write that letter to rly sister, or was that, too, only a part of the drealm If slhe got my letter that would be proof clear enouglh that that night's proceedingo were nlot a dreoasm, let thleln othreise ie no a counted for as they mnight. If tile letter was written while sleeping. that would be a sorm. naombulistic feat too formidable for belief, and besides I had never been known to be Ia sleep-walker. I could easily find out about the letter anyway. I wrote to my sister asking silmply if she had got nly letter, in protmpt anlswer to whichl sloe said slle had, adding that they were all pre rered for and anxiously awaiting our comlinsg. Clearly, tihe letter was ntas dtreamo. Then what on earth or above the earth or under the earth would explain that nightly visit, that un. ceremoniosus andr mysterious disappearance of Jack T''epletonl It began to trouble me. A weak had passed since that night, when a letter hearing the well known post. mark of Greenwrick was droptled througll my door. It was from Jack. This is what it said: I am very sorry my professional dhrities and the amount of study I have laid out for this summer will tie me down at homle, and I sthall not be able to inake you nmy usual visit this year. * Merciful Heaven I The man hadn't been with lme at all. Was he dead and did his slhadow coime to haunt me instead of his living body to visit me ? That woool notbe likely, for his letter was dated five days later than that night, and ghosts, having a way of mrak. ing their presence knownso at the precise time their disemblodimsent takes place, are always punctual. The letter did not so far lighten up the matter. It proceeded: SYou kn w my hobby, tnesmerism, and you was awa out inyour country, n your town, in your v ry room, and 1 sat 4ith you and talked with you and drank wit you, and all but slept with you. To be Cex ,t, the night was Friday, the twelfth day of' this month, July. Now, all this was so real to me that 1 want you to write me whether on that night you remember of being conscious of any un usual occurrence. Did I seem to you that I was iryour compansy that night? I want all the facts, that I may see how they will fit a little theory I have lately been construct. ing. There it was, and the subject talked upon by Jack, or Jack etherealized, and me, came back, with his startling assertion about a per. son in a mesmeric trance bcing able to com. municate with an absent person, and that person to be conscious of being communi. cated with. So Jack in all things essential thad been present with me that night. For is not tile mind the conscioss part, the soul,thle essential thine' The narrative deals only with the facts of a very extraoordilary personal experienc. II the cxplnalltion given of his visit by mny guest of thatl night, based uloin the narrowly under. stood olerations of mecsmerism, is not slltll. icalt, let him who, with a clear view, has traversed further into the arcana of tile moys tical, advance the theory of Jack Temple. ton's strange visit. 