[?] ? * ? (Gathered by our Correspondent.) Orange, Friday night. The Weather. The weather is improving, but the coid shows no sign of abatement. ' Football News. A' football match will be played on Saturday afternoon between a team of Out Boys and 18 Waratahs. Play will commence at 8 o'clock. A small charge will be made to defray the expenses of entertaining the Cootamundra Our Boys daring their visit Orange on July 20th next. The following will represent the Our Boys in the match to played on Saturday afternoon on the Association Ground : — Back, Torpy ; three-quarters, Clayton, Colquhoun, Blackwell ; five« eighths, Barry ; half, A. F. Gardiner ; forwards, West, Bailey, Lane, Bouffler, Larance, Grossman, J. McKeon, B. Mc Keon, and T. Gardener. Waratahs : Back, Gain, three-quarters, F. Daley, Leak, A. Eyles and Gillespie ; halves, Tanner and Hamer ; forwards, Stovens J. Daley, G Bouffler, W. Eyles, Weaver, Gale, Murphy, Chiplin, F, Eyles W. Gartrell, Sorrell, Collins, Ooulson, Ford and Parker. The Monthly Holiday. The Mayor of Orange has received notification that Wednesday, July ,17th, has been gazetted a public holiday throughout the district. Destructive Dogs. The civic fathers of this fortunate town liave striven hard to make, the few parks possessed by the public as pleasant as possible. They have spared neither time nor money in their efforts towards this end. Cook Park' has cost a great deal of money, and the result has been that in many points it is beginning to rival those of moro pretentious towns. It has long been a popnlar.place of resort on Sabbath afternoonsjas the attractions which it boasted in the shape of small zoological collection of the native animals, and birds rendered it invaluable as nn educational factor. But, alas, for the present one cherished menagerie is a thing of the past. A trinity of vicious canines found ingress to the park at an early hour this morning, and hav ing entered the' enclosure in which the kangaroos, wallablies, and a wallaroo, were lodged, they rapidly killed them. The wallaroo made a glorious stand in defence of his life, but lie had to suc cumb to overwhelming odds. The poor kangaroos wore speedily rendered non est, and the wallabies gave up the ghost without a struggle. When the dis covery of the tragedy was made, two of the dogs wero too exhausted by their murderous exertions that they lay gasp ing beneath the shade of a largo tree, while the bodies of their victims dotted the surrounding landscape. The mur derers were quickly secured, and are being tried for murder. Political News. Mr. Otto Jaeger hRS announced his candidature for Orange, in opposition to the lato motnbor. 