Diocesan. THE ARCHDIOCESE OF ADELAIDE. Holy Week. The beautiful ceremonies with which the Church celebrates the Passion, Death and Resurrection of her Divine Spouse were continued in the Cathedral on Good Friday morning, when at 10 o'clock the Mass of the Presanctified was celebrated. Before the Holy Sacrifice the usual pro cession in connection with the removal of the Sacred Host to the Altar of Repose took place. The Rev. T. J. Cosgrave was the celebrant of the Mass, the Rev. P. Hurley deacon, and the Rev. A. Gandolfi sub-deacon. The Rev. W. J. McEvoy was master of ceremonies. His Grace Archbishop O'Reily occupied the Throne, his attendants being Archpriest Nevin and Archdeacon Russell. The sermon on the " Adoration of the Cross " was elo quently preached by the Rev. Thos. O'Brien, S.J. At the conclusion of the Mass the faithful approached the Altar to venerate the Symbol of man's redemption. In the evening the Tenebree was chanted, after which the Rev. C. O'DonnelL, of Willunga, delivered a long and effective discourse on the "Passion." On Holy Saturday morning at 7 o'clock there was a large congregation present in St. Patrick's Church when the " Blessing of the Font " was witnessed. Easter Sunday morning found the Cathedral thronged to the doors, and the joyous tokens of gladness at the Resurrec tion were seen in the white and gold vest ments of the priests, the beautiful decorations of the Altar and the high strains of the music. Solemn High Mass was celebrated at 11 o'clock, the Rev. W. J. McEvoy being celebrant, Rev. P. Hurley deacon, and Rev. T. J. Cosgrave sub-deacon. Archbishop O'Reily occupied the Throne, being attended by Archpriest Nevin. Mr. F. Adamson officiated as master of ceremonies. After the first gospel, the Archbishop ascended the pulpit, and selected as his text—"This is the day which the Lord hath made ; let us be glad and re joice therein," taken from Psalm 117 and used in the Office and Mass of the day. His Grace said:—It is possibly a happy omen—it is certainly a happy coin cidence—that my first words to the Catho lics of Adelaide should be spoken on Easter morn. Greetings are more plea sant in the giving when the circumstances under which they are uttered are them selves of a pleasing character. To Catho lics the great Paschal feast is the first of all Christian festivals in the jubilation which it brings. The season of fast and abstinence is over. The sombre draperies that darkened the sanctuary during Pas hion-time have been swept aside, and the altar is bright with flowers and with the priestly vesture, radiant in its white and gold. The last echo of doleful Miserere and plaintive "Lamentation" has died away in the distance, and the sound—the welcome sound — of gladsome Gloria and exultant "Hallelujah" fills the air instead. " This is the day which the Lord hath made ; let us be glad and rejoice therein." So saith the Church, borrow ing the language of the psalmist; and to her salutation our hearts readily and fer vently respond. The occasion is favorable to a speaker; and it is indeed with a mind affected to the full by that sense of peace to which the liturgy invites us I deliver my first message to you, the Ca thedral portion of my flock. The task allotted me is assuredly any easy one. I have but to voice the sentiments that find a place in your hearts, God grant that the happy accessories of the moment prove a presage of future blessings, and that with the joyousness attendant on the beginning of my administration the joy ousness of the issue may be in full accord. Angelic lips give us the key to the so lemnities of Paschaltide. To the pious women of the gospel it was a heavenly messenger who spoke, "You seek Jesus who was crucified. He is not here, for He is risen, as He said." Two short days before they had seen, with weeping eyes, the mangled frame of Him whom they had so loved and so revered laid lifeless in the grave. With his corpse their hopes, their loves, their happiness seemed for ever interred. But joys oft come quick when sorrows have gone thick before ; and the sun of the first Easter morn was already signalling its approach. The straggling rays it shot above the horizon, as glad pledge of the coming day, were the pledge, too, of light and of consola tion to the troubled mourners' souls. The mystery 'foretold had indeed been ac complished. No further need to look for the crucified amid the darkness aud the silence of the tomb. Jesus has burst the bonds cf death ; he has triumphed over the cruel, grim tyranny of the grave. Clothed with immortality, he is beyond reach of the malice of the most fiendiBh of his fqes. His glorified body has en tered on its beatitude. With suffering and humiliation and sorrow he has no more aught to do. The eternal splendors of his Heavenly Father's kingdom are now his inalienable lot and share. In its marvellous, because Heaven endowed, unity the Church recognises no distinction of clime or age. Those poor Syrian wo men—whose story an inspired pen dis dains not to narrate—though belonging to the first century of the Christian era, are, in faith and hope and charity one with us Australian Catholics of the nine teenth age. We share their sentiments, we enter into their feelings; and grieving with them in their sorrows we have a right to be gladdened with them in their joys. With them we have stood by the Cross of Jesus and pondered the agony of our Master's dying throes. With them we saw him grow faint and fainter, his life-blood ebbing rapidly, until at length, with head bowed upon his sacred bosom, He gave up the ghost. With them we accompanied Him in spirit on His sad journey to the sepulchre, and with quiver ing lips kissed the stone which marked the spot where He reposed. Associates in tribulation we claim association, too, in peace. The hour of our mourning is over, for (for us as for the holy women) the glad Easter day has dawned. A great light hath shined in the darkness, and brightness and jubilation take the place of gloom and awe. He whom we loved and was dead is come to life ; He who is our treasure and was lost is found. The reign of our Emmanuel has been inaugur ated. Christ rules in power and majesty. Hear the herald's prophetic cry—" Rejoice greatly, O daughter of Sion ! Shout for joy, O daughter of Jerusalem ! Behold thy King cometh unto thee." Let alleluias ascend in peals of greeting as He ap proacheth. To the Prince of Peace, to him who is "God with us," be hosannas ten thousand times ten thousand fold. "This is the day which the Lord hath made ; let us be glad and rejoice therein." With these words I began my brief address: with them it is not unmeet that I should draw that address to a close. The utter ances of the Lord are utterances of might; and the sentiments which they suggest they have it in them also to evoke. May the divine message work its full effects in our hearts and in the hearts of all. May that peace which, descending from on high, surpasseth all understanding, fill our souls to overflowing. May the joys that throbbed in the breasts of the devoted women of the gospel on the first Easter morn thrill likewise through every nerve and fibre of our inmost souls to-day. May our present passing gladness be a prelude to the gladness that endureth. Where the Master is there should be the house hold. The children's place is in their fond father's home. May it be our lot, through the Redeemer's mercy, one day to join in person in the heavenly triumphs of our King. As we sing here, may it, by God's goodness, be given us to sing hereafter—" Alleluia, Alleluia ; glory to the crucified and risen Saviour ; Hosanna to the Son of David now and for ever more." The choir under Mr. W. Gordon ren dered Haydn's 1st Mass ; also at the Offer tory the Haec Dens, and at the termination of the Mass Miss O'Sullivan played Rose's March in G. The soloists in the Mass were Mesdames Geach, Keogh, and Upton, Misses Korff, Conrad, and Hourigan, and Messrs. Brice, Gordon, and Foulkes. At the evening devotions the Rev. Father CoBgrave gave Benediction, and the choir sang the Haec Deus and Giorza's 7 antum Ergo ; 0 Sacrum Convivium was rendered by Miss Carrigg. The beautiful altar decorations were arranged by the Sisters of the Angas Street Convent of Mercy. 