THE SHIRT AND THE DANGE. You romoiD.ber,. no .doubt, hpw./.the .Reverbiid- ,, IhgoldBby,"':B"iirbam wrote , . . What Hprico says is, Eliey/fiit/acei Mni :Zabuntur,-Poitumel Foitumel '- Years glide away, and are lost to me, lost to me. Nov), when the folks in the dance sport tboir morry toes. ' . Tagliopis andEUslers, Diivernays and Coritos, . Sighing. I murmur, O mihi praterito a I It is evident that in those days It was nob considered any more improper! tot a person— qnd Borlmm was a very goqd and religious man !— to attend a ballet than it was for the twelve-year-old heiress to tho throne of an ompire—" whose morning drnm-beat 'following the sun,' and keep ing company with the hours, circles tho earth witli ono continuous and unbroken strain of tlfe martial airs ofvEfnglaud " — 60 do no. But stage dancing was in the " thirties ' a high art, and "high kioking" wus entirely unknown. It is still up art in France and Italy, bub "in fell oao countries the long skirt— that is, a skirt whioh roaohed below t|ie knee— in which the Taglionis, Elislers, and Centos of half a century ago danced, has been gradually growing shorter and shorter, until the lower portion of a modern (fanseiue of the classical school looks very like a spinning top.: 4.0 jiu.iu vauguuii, now; uio xxun. mrs. Wellcsloy; inust bq orcdited dlio ro- ip tra duction oftlie'Ibng Bkirt; She was tho originator of what is called the "sldrb danao." But Kate. Vaughan was an -artist, and did not use her long .skirts to bide poor dancing, as most of her imitators do. Tile skirt dance of to-day beiirs little resembluiice to that dance with which- Kabo Vpuglmn delighted London, and whioh' received the upprovul of Murie Taglioni horself, Tho akirfe dance has become very vul garised, depending largely upon its sensa-' tional effect iu tho use of the conventional' drees. The great fault to be found with skirt . dancing, even wlion performed by its best exponents, is bhut it is utterly impossible to express the passions by it. It therefore lacks the highest element of art. ' \ Very different are the Spanish dances in wliioli Carmencita so wonderfully expresses lovo and hatred. Among ' the most grotosque so-called dances ever seen in this country was that known ns the "kangaroo danco." Thoro was not one lota of art in it. Always in search of a new sensation, the dunce-loving public was next treated to the " serpentine danco." YVIiore tlio "dance" enme in it would bo difficult to say.. All M ss Loie Fullor, its inventor, does is to t.wisb no enormous amount of long flimsy skirts in a most dexterous manner. With the aid of oleotric lights sho manages to produce a retnurkably pretty effect ; bqb to call it a dunce is absurd. And now we come lo Miss Lottie Collins, who combines tho song, the aldrt, and dance in a mnnnor essen tially -English ; for1 there is no woman in tlio world who oan sing and dunce at the same momont in A way an English variety actress' can. -v One admiring aritio wrote of Miss Collins : — " As to - tho desorvings of this strange success by Miss Collins, it is a pleasnnt fact that site is wholly free from the slightest vulgarity. She has none of bhownnton qualities of the skirt dqucors and high kickers. Her exploits are , fun gono mad, very riotous, but witli. no lapse into unsooinlinoss, and with nothing in all its abandon of foolery to be condemned as indecent. ' There is much of dramatic art in her whole performance, moreovor, and it merits the attention it has commanded. " There is one point in which Miss Collins differod essentially from herimitators. The young woman' she represented— and as tho words of tho song slioiV sho should repre sent—is a hoyden, but a hoydon who is n lady. "by. birtlr' and education." Her imitators made Mien "Ta-ra-ra Boom-de-ay" not "a belle of good society," but a vulgar wenoh. Tho skirt dance has passod through the snored portalp of London society. We are, therefore, sure to have a good deal of amateur skirt dancing. . For our fmr roaders who contemplate iear.uing , it we give the following recipe for the outfit tiocessary, as given by a decided authority. 44 You take very thin crepe de chine, allowing thirty yards fulnoes ub the bottom, and then you gore it to nothing at the waist, accordion plaited. Of course, that needs nob to bo said. The bodice is what is known ns a Nnutch-girl bodice, fitting tlio figure like a glove, and may be trimmed and braided to suit your tasto. From tiie throat there should hang sevoral long streamers of whito ribbon. Tiro creie de chine should be specked with spangles to give a weird, sparkling effect, when you catch up tho skirt and twirl and twist it to do the bat figure, tho angel figure, the fairy figure, the bacchante figure, and all the rest of the figures, wliich limy be variod to suit your particular style and skill. 44 Bub how we come to the piice de resist ance— your tights. DotVt blush, dear girl; you must wear .them, and thoy must be whut Is known as the combination bights, and bo groy in tone, which will work up best under the gluro of tho limelight. White kid sIioob complete the outfit. But, all ! if you'only haven pair of dainty feet, and sliauolv limbs, nnd a pond sunnlv of audacity, you can work wondera with this outfit, provided always that you have a good man at the limolight. " That is absolutely essontial. Indeed, tlio frill dancer is ub the mercy of the lime light man. He may make or break her. Ho may make her angel look like, a ghost, and her bat look like an angel in distress, and hor sprite look like a widow with hor emotions moused. In .fact, as some one hns said, the limelight man ought to get all the applause. This, however, is putting it a bit too strong, for a frill dancer, aftqr all, is like any other dancer. She must have grace, abandon, archness, strength, flexibility, and audacity. 44 Some ladies will have a cold chill run over them at the thought of seeing their daughters expose' their limbs in a frill dance at privato theatricals.- Bub these glimpses are so brief, eo fugitive, so indis tinct, so fiushlike, that after tho serpontino dnnco has been concluded, you can't make sure that you'voseen anything." VVc objoot to the use of tbe word "limb." when 14 leg" is intended, but otherwise the recipe is good. Fair readers, learn the skirt dance, and save the poor, overworked male the trouble It would be 41 so awfully jolly don't you know," for bin blase-new to sit aqd watch you gracefully manipulating. your skirts, while, lie 'is chewing the "cud of content ment. Try it 'I A sooiety girl who is an adopt In the skirt dance will, we believe, prove the belle of the season. — Lazyland. Widow; "Do you think marriag? is always a failufe?" Bulfinoh . 44 Always a failure I Well,' I should say not. ' Why I 'know a case where a , wife' fliirly Idolises' her husband, ' and lie— why, heoan't keop away frond her a minute." Wido$ : " Bless me ! How long bavo they been married V ' Bulfinoh : ".Nearly a week.", . .. ' Jolly Hostess:'44 What were; you men laughing at'ln'the othok room ?" :- >. " Your husband has been telling us-sucli a.funny story, but (blushing) it won't bear repeating." : Jolly,- Hostess,! '. " Whioh one was ' it; dear? .. ,:i/ . o',; " '.j Swkll . " You haven't- a- very' good assortment of ties;'" . 1 ! Dealer i 4-4 No. I don't havenny demand . Business -is dull; and I'll have toqultiany- hoiv, Ihn afraid.,'.',, . ; I Swell": /V-Youwoh't if you darry the'rigiit kind of tied." : J' -.v.;;',; v-; ' ' ' Dealer s " What' hil'd' ?" ' ' . ; Sivbll : - " AdveVtisc,'' - 