INTEBCOLOIIAL ? w The Internecine strife threatened . be tween St. Kildaand Port Melbourne, con sequent upon each- of those municipalities claiming to possess the sole moral and legal right to be the landing place of the new Governor, became entangled in the meshes of a fresh complication on Monday evening, writes the *' Melbourne Age.' As has baen customary for some time past, crowds of excited patriots were parading Bay-street, shoutinsr 'a St. Kilda,' or the Portonian equivalent thereof ; but during a temporary lull, while Mr. George Sang ster, M.P., was nailing a pronunciamento on the fence of the local football-ground, a messenger burst breathless into their midst. At first it was thoughtthat Coun cillor Connibere had published an ultima tum, and a movement towards mobilisa tion was already in progress when it was explained that another ' Richmond,' in the shape pf the suburb Albert Park, was in the field, and that what had hitherto been considered as - a mere '-? buffer state ' had had the prepos terous audacity to put in its claim to re ceive Lord Brassey on his arrival. The laugh of incredulous derision with which the news was received fell slightly when confirmation was received that a meeting of residents in favor of landing the Gover nor elect at the Parade Pier, at Albert Park, is to be held at the Hotel Victoria, Beaconsfield Parade, next Friday evening. The Port Fairy (Vic.) fishermen had an extraordinary catch of barracouta on Wed nesday, no fewer than 744 baskets, or over 18 tons, of fish being sent by the midday train to Melbourne, no steamer being available, while over 500 baskets were filled. The railway freight on the morn ing's consignment was -£42 10s 9d. Still the railway authorities refuse the small concession asked for by the men of allow ing heavy baskets to average with light ones, and have raised the minimum, there by increasing the cost of transit by 2d per basket. The attention of the detectives has lately been directed to some circulars issued by a »nan who styles himself ' Pro fessor Hautmont,' and sells what he calls French safety pills (says the Melbourne ' Age '). In view of the facts which were laid before them, Detective-sergeant SainBbury and Detective Wardley, who were placed in charge of the case, obtained from Mr. Nicolson, P.M., on Wednesday, a search warrant for Professor Haut mont's premises in King-street, West Melbourne. When the detectives exe cuted the warrant they found on the premises a man named John Wood ford Hyland, who stated that he carried on business there as Professor Leo Haut- . mont, R.M.D. A large number of letters irom women, some of them containing remarkable Tevelations, were seized, as well as a number of circulars, which are held by the police to be obscene. The latter will be shown to Mr. Nicolson, P.M., and if he.eonsiders it advisable he will be asked under section 77 of the Police Offences Act to order that they be destroyed. In the event of that being done, it is possible that proceedings will be taken against Hyland under section 78 of the same act, which imposes a penalty for being in possession ot such literature. A sensational story was told the Ballarat East (Vic.) police on Wednesday night by Mr. Frederick Park, a resident of Cofcden street, Mount Pleasant. Mr. Park stated that when at the junction of Ford and Princes streets at about half -past 7 o'clock he heard the screams of a woman. On going to ascertain the cause of the noise he observed a man dressed in white and whose face was besmeared with phosphorus. The ' ghost ' carried a piece ot timber cut in the shape of a coffin-lid. Mr. Park says he went in pursuit of the man, and catch ing him a scuffle ensued. The man drew a knife, struck Mr. Park on the arm, cut ting his coat and shirt and scratching his arm, and then made off. Constable M'Pherson on Thursday took the matter iv» 1)am/) n«/5 m n Art r* Ijtca ir»/ini -r*i no s\f 'f: h £i LJJL JJCL.LLU Cti-L\X JLU.CLIM? VAV0W AUUUlil^D V*. vuv leighbors as to whether they heard screams it the spot and hour mentioned above. Mrs. A..Haivey, who resides at the corner af Ford and Princes streets, and at whose ajate the assault is alleged to have been sommitted, stated that she was at home it the hour mentioned and did not hear my screams, whilst two other residents of Princes-street and a peiestrian who hap pened to pass down Eureka-street, near Princes-street, at about half -past 7 o'clock, iid not hear any noise. On the other hand, four persons (according to the local ' Courier '), including a young girl, heard faint screams. The inquest on the body of Thomas Watkins, who died from the effects of a blow dealt him on Sunday last by his nephew, Albert Arthur Lanning, was held at Seville, near Liiydale (Vic), at the residence of Mr, W. Duck, the deceased's brother-in- law, before Mr. G. E. White, J.P., and a jury of seven. The accused, Lanning, was present in custody. The evidence adduced bore out the tacts already published. Inspector Walsh put in a. statement made to him by Lanning, which Ln a' great measure supported the particu lars already made public. The accused in his statement said that he could never get a civil answer from Watkins, who was of a sullen disposition. Coming to the quarrel, which resulted fatally, accused said that the deceased kept swearing at him, and he told Watkins to be careiul. When he approached deceased the hitter went as if to hit him, and Lanning struck him on the head with the milking-stool. On one occa sion Watkins threatened to run a pitch fork through him if he continued to speak to a young lady residing in the neigh borhood. The medical evidence showed that death was due to a fracture of the1 base of the skulL such fracture being caused by a blow from a blunt instrument. The jury returned a verdict of man slaughter against Lanning, 'who was ad mitted to bail in one surety of himself for .£200 and two sureties of .£100 each.- Bail was forthcoming, and Lanning will appear at the next General Sessions. A meeting of the Queensland Yacht Club committee was held at the National Hotel, Brisbane, on Tuesday evening. Mr. -J. G. Vidgen, commodore of the club, presided, and there were about fourteen members present. Mr. Weatherill, the secretary, gave a' short outline of the business done at the special meeting of regatta club delegates, which was called to receive reports from the different clubs as to their intentions regarding the intercolonial races. It was decided to write to the secretaries of the Sandgate and Cleveland regatta committeesT' 'requesting -them to advise the Yacht Club as to the amounts of the prizes they intended to fix in any races which were open to the boats from the south to compete in, so as to enable the Yacht Club to enclose particulars of such races in their invitation to the other colonies. It was also decided io write to the secretaries of the different regatta dubs, stating that' the local clubs would have full control over their own regattas, but that the Yacht Club would retain control over the champion xace, and fur ther, that all the delegates which had been appointed would act in conjunction ?with the Yacht-Club committee as a com mittee for general purposes. The prizes; for the Intercolonial ^Championship Race were fixed at .£30, . .£10, and £5. -It was decided that the course, -should Ibe seven miles to windward, seven miles'run pack' again to the starting point, and a lead *6f seven miles (three and a ; half miles, out and three and a half back), finishing at the starting point. ? '? '' :*; ' V 