WIT AND HUMOUR. For one man who can stand prosperity Xnere are ten who would like to try. Rich people always have poor relations; bat poor people are not always blessed with xich relatives. “Ye',” said tho proprietor of the feather’s shop, “he was a very good barber, but we had to let him go ;. he didn’t understand the business,” “What did ho do “ He forgot to say to a bald-headed customer that his hair needed brimming to-day.” Eminent Q.C. (addressing jury) : “And, gentlemen, when we reflect on the very strong safe, the bad tools, the poor light, ■cramped quarters, and my client’s natural weakness, am I not right in claiming he earned the stolen L300 by the sweat c.f his brow ?” “ All the world’s a stage, Sam, and tho men and women merely players.” “Yes, . massa; but if dat’s so, where you goin’ for to get yer audience and orchestry.” Scientifically Explained.—“Doctor, why is it that some people who are peffect wreobs live longer than others who are strong- and well ?’’ “ Er—well—you see, the others die He Did.u'cDony It.—She: Before we wers married you said you loved the very ground I walked on. He: So I did, and I love it still. “ Jack, have a bauana F” “No; I’ll have a pear.” “ I’ve only got bananas.” “ I know that.” “ Then why do you ask for a pear “ Because that’s what I want—a pair of bananas.”—From" Harper's Young People.” Fa and ma wore sitting quietly near the fireplace. I’a was reading a paper and ma . was knitting. Presently ma looked np over her glasses. “ Pa,” she said, “ I b’lieve puf Henry is in love.” “ What makes you -think so?" “ Well, ho a’nt eat nothin' for a week past to speak of." Pa laid his paper down in his lap, folded his hands over it and gazed into the iiro reflectively. “It’s kinder ■ queer’bout bein’ in love," he eaid Blowly. “ When people is oourtin’ they never seem to keer for victuals; hut jest as sson aa they get .married victuals is about the only thing ;they’ll hustle for, seven days in the week.” i NOT SATISFIED. I kissed her a dozen times last night, And now it makes me sore To think that if I'd only staved I might have had one more. •“Is that a real Italian couut that is call ing cn your sister?” Jimmie: “Well, I should say so. And he must be well known all over his native laud, for there isn't an ice-cream man in town hut what calls him by name when they speak.” Tiikiii Tiioi-cut.s. What a beautiiul thing is thought,” 6he “ A boon it is to myself and Jim. I sit and think he is thinking of me, And he sits and thinks I am thinking of Couldn't Forget Thom.—“ Mary,” said the sick man to his wife when the doctor pronounced it a case ot small-pox, “if any of my creditors call, tell them 1 am at last in a condition to give them something.” A professor, in explaining to a class of young ladies the theory according to which the body is entirely renewed every seven years, said : “ Thus, Miss B., in seven years you will no longer be Miss 13.” “ I really Lope I shan’t,” demurely respouded the girl, modestly casting down her eyes. A ghost story—“ I am thy father's spirit.” Doing time—The lady who grows younger every year. A stationer’s traveller, having had a run of bad luck in prosecuting business, received from his employer the following telegram —“If you eau't make expenses, come home at once.” The reply was—“All right. Can make plenty of expenses, hut no sales.” “ lly task in life,” said the pastor, com placently, “consists in saving yonng men.” “ Ah,” replied the maiden, with a soulful .longing, “ save a good one for me, won’t Hioks : “Look at Sniggs flirting with the girls over there. I thought you said ho was a woman-hater.” Wicks: “So he is; but the woman he hates is not there.’’ Another Prodigy.—Mrs Jinniwing (to distinguished foreign visitor) : “ That piece my daughter is playing is extremely difidoult, baron.” Baron Bresael (in extreme agony): “ Ah, madame, I vish it was imposseeable!” HACK! I ROUNDS. She sat before an easel with her head tipped lightly so, .A. paint-brush in her fingers, idly trailing to and fro. I stood quite close beside her with a wildly boat ing heart, .And praised with reckless ardour, her pro ficiency iu art, .“How sweet she was and dainty ; How I loved her! I declare It seemed to me no other girl could bo*one-half . As she sat there, leaning forward, in tho grace f ullaat of poses, . And deftly put the background in a plaque of yellow roses. . Ah! that was many years ago; dear girl I love her still. I love her smiles and dimples, and admire the wondrous skill • Of her dainty, snowy fingers—I’ve been watch- 1 ing them to-night .Move to and fro above the work she's holding to the light, And, thinking of that other day, I doze a hit, perchance, . As eke doftly puts a background into Jimmie’s other “"panls.’ He had thrown himself at the feet of the , girl ho loved, and on bended knees pleaded his cause. “ Will you be my wife?” he urged passionately.' “Certainly,” Bho re . epoaded with fastidious fraukness; “ but for goodness sako don’t tcrouch down in that way. I don't like to aocept a man whose pantaloons bag at the knee.” Consoling: He: 1 always used to over • ■estimato my anilities. She (consolingly): Well, never mind. Your Iriends never did. SOJIE SATISFACTION. Remarked the gay coquette, “ 1 haven’t Caught a husband yet; ; Bub then,” She added, softly sighing, ■“ I’ve had some fun while I’ve been trying.” Bridget’s Sarcasm.—Mr Harlem: Why • .don’t you bring np the morning paper ? It came half an hoar. ago. Bridget: Humph! . Po you .expict me. to rade.it oaomin’ up the ..stairs? . “ 