MY AUNTS JLOTESmrUG, btoeoboe DO«reit;ar--nu. .Tht following Incident is a strictly tru. tjgoouot of an adventure that happened to my aunt, more than fifty years ago, in the city ot London. We were all gathered around the Christ mot fin, and, as was our wont, after the icn tivitiet of the day, were telling Gboat stories. ftk term* tt anvti t\t «nir/im In amp fatnil* fn toll wtlrd and ghostly tales on that evening. On Uit particular night our Aunt Alios was present, and after some persuading, oon Bcnttd to tell us something that happened to bjr when a girl . 'What I am going to toll it not a ghost jfotf. It is an adveotur* that befell op many tears ago, when 'Burking' was a co.amon crime. No doubt you all know wb r. that, means, as a case occurred not long ?. :o in Baltimore. For those who do notunc -'-? ' I will explain. 'In those days the opportunist ol j . ? curing bodies for medioal expedition and Instruction were limited. The etndents and Bfoteston were tbenfore compelled to resdrt to all torts ot underhand means, euoh as robbing churohyards and rilling tombs. Bat bodies oould not be prooured test enough even by euoh means. There now appeared a man who invented a plan for whioh be became notorious. A fellow culled Burke. This wretch would hire some radian to stool op behind a man or woman and throw a powerful sliokinfr plaster over his victim's mouth. Strangulation would shortly ensua and' the murderer would then take the body to tome medioal college and sell it for a high. price, at it would be free bom all fracture. This wai what we npdorstood by -Burking,' ana, alas I it amounted only too truly tor many ot the mysterious disappearances in those days. ' W« wen living at tht time of my adven tan in the heart of the ? Modrrn, BabylOD.' One sight father and I were lett alrse in the bouts, tht rest of the family having gone to visit some friends. We were talking together in bis study, when he suddenly remembered that ht bad an important communication to givt to my uncle. '«Oh, ohild. lam sorry they havs gone oatt'bt' exclaimed. ?'Why?1 I asked. ?'Tour uncle should have got that letter without fail to-night, and now it it impov unit.' ???Cannot I go?' ] ?' Absurd! Mo, child, under no drouci ttanoet.' ''Oh.butfather.'Ioontinnea.'yooknr 7 it it act tar to unole't, and tht ttreets 1 9 lighted all the way. I must go. I shan't » mon than halt an hour; nothing on ea: il can happen to me.' 'I am afraid I was rather fond otbr.7 ing my own way in those days ; lor g- - 1 did, with the parting admonition, 'D. ,'l stay at your uncle's, but hurry home,' r: g ing in my ears. ' My ancle's house wu about a milt L m oun. There wen two wayt of getting tc it ; one, by a read, although it took longer, t-as weU lighted; the other wu by a cross ut through numerous small street and alls' '? . 'Tha Bight waa cold and damp. Ail .' a brisk walk I reached my uncle's, gave my message and the valuable letter, and w about to go when one ot my cousins, rui. .ang up to me, raid, — '?Oh, Annie, can't you stop a mind! : and est my new dross r' '? Well rU stop one minute and no lc jar,'. InpUtd. 'Butooeminnte wm prolonged to two, ?ndtwotbthnt.aua.tm I lingered. Tbe worosoltty Sm- to my mini, and! was heartily son? for my thoughless dis obedience. - ?' ? Oh, girls, I matt go I don't tty another! word I Oood-by.' 'Tnrowing'on my cloak and pf-Vng my hat, I rushed down stain. I elmo-i -an now. in my hast! to make up tor lost time.1 Suddenly the thought, 'since you an iclate, why not take the short ontr came to my mind, and I acted upon it immediately. 'There wen only a few people in tho streets at I walked home, and they seemed to get fewer u I approached what had been pointed out to ms|u ' Thieves' Alley.' Past gloomy little shops,' wbioh Dickens so mstvellouBly describes in bis great works, and poet numerous odd turnings, t homed. Through ' Thieves' Alley,' quiet as a moose, I etolo. I had pasted the wont uow, T thought. *' I next cams to a street bounded on both tides by dilapidated houses. Ths pines was so silent that I heard the echo of my own' footsteps. I do not know what it was, but a fouling of impending danger so Ml upon, my mind I stopped and listened Tlie sires* waa silent and deserted. I enpt along with, eya and ear strained to catch the ulightest sound. I had reached the middle ol tbe block when I beard a step behind me. Be fore I could look around my arms wen saired, and a terrible weight wu pressing intu my back. ' I tried to scream bnt my throat seemed paraly sad with fright. I was in tho hands of one of tbe ? Burku ' gang 1 Ho had been lying in wait for me, a id wool* kill me I 'Ob, the horror ot that moment! I Bhall never forget It, Tha ruffian then btgan to draw my arms together. I taw hi - purpose . Ho wanted to bold my arms with une hand, ? so that with the other he migh*. put tbe dreaded pluter on my foot. S jddenly a thought— it wu God-given oame t-- my mind It I oould wrench my arms loe at the moment ha would hold them with hit one bind I might asoaps. Slowly he brought my arms together. His powerful hand was. already graspluB my wrists when, with 0L' the nervous pution of dispair, I throw my two fist! back over my shoulders, aud struck the villain fuUfa the faot. An ostli, fallowed by a fall, wat all I heard. I flew. Qirltoao ran u well u ban sometimes. LA horror! the wretch wat following me. Foototepa rattled on tht pavement behind. I ton on,; but my breath wit going. My pnrmtr wasi npidly approaching, still I reded on, when — rspture nivs»*Tbe forgotten- I taw a, ?peeler,' (that was what they oallec a police, man in thott days) approaahing. Tbe toot. steps behind me Mopped. Iwuiujdl 'I gamed the'Wghway and nr shed our house. la order to gain tha inttc .it atten-' tlon ot thott inside, I thrust my aru through the front windojr. . There was » on.ih, and I tel) fainting 00 the steps. Father c une run-, nihg out and carried nt in, wheio after a lime I told hiss sJU ?'Thetis my i.J»-iatun;andinoonoluiion,| my annt contlpued, ' I trait no onu ot you| will ever have- to undergo iaah tit ex. Tom OampbaU once told as nmusing story of an incident that had hapj.jned to him in a amal) country inn when u ^veiling in Scotland. He had been stopped by the weather in the afternoon, had dined, and in dulged himself with a toothpick ij while away the idle af farVbintr. Enter chamfieiin»!il;, 'Sir, if you please, are you done with' {the, toothpick t' ?' Wliy do you oskt I suppose I may picit awayftslongMll\ke?' )V ' Ka, na, ye caojia dao that, sir, {nr it be langs to the club, fend they boo Ijen met amaist an hour 1' The following story of ScoUi puinit iriiiciiin used to be told by an eminent JIvine : i . A clergyman in rjhecoantry bad n stranger preaching for him onr-. day and nudinc Ins beadle, taid to Um s ' Well, Usundyi, bow did you like we Bermoa to-day ?'???;?] ' I wuttaay, sir,*, was rattier over plain »nd slairjlt tor Bio,;! 4ike tboc eciMione best that jumbles the jooUgcrncnt and confounds tbe senae. Ob, air,} (never sawant that could x«&s; an to titup.' ?' UiRt.' Prince Bisrriark in tbe most decorate* man in Europe.' Bat uld lie evor appear wear ing iisi»(i-is of ainif Ofiencouii- iru\ lduu him he wonld '??unit It an Oiieuii.. i-miue. Q land : \V. J, Msl ;or-y, r'rint. 