(KkiltaiVs Column. UNCLE HARRY'S LETTER. No, LXVI. Monday, October 7. My Dear Nophews and Nicces—I have been asked to print the prize essays in our recent competition, and I willingly do so, but, of course, that means little or no letter from me. Perhaps, though, it is only fair and right that these priza essays should be published, not only for the sake of the winners, but for the satisfaction of the defeated ones. If I find that space allows I will be glad to add a few words to those I have already eaid about this competition. GIRLS' DIVISION.—CU.SS I. I can h6lp my mother by washing tbe dishes and swet ping the room, and if £ ass any things out of their place I can pick them up and put tbem In their place. I can bring dippers of water to fill tha> beetle, and I can bring the potatoes. I can bring the wood; and it I see tuat my mother does not feel well 1 will brinit in tbe thiugs that she wants. 1 can lay tbe cable for breakfast, and pick up the scraps for tbe fowl*; tlien 1 can put the breakfast things away. I dust the chain, and help mother make tbe beds. IPA FOSTER, Cattle-street, Parkside (8 years 8 months). CLASS XL There are manjr ways of helping mother. I think the very best way is to be obedient, and to do all yon are tuld. If mother tells you 10 do anything run aud do it as quickly as you can. Nevermind what you are doing. If you are doing something very particular don't say, " Ob, wait a minute," andthenfurgetit. And I think another way of helping mother is to watch when mother Is doing anything to help her. if you see something s*y to ber, " Mother, shall I do tbat f or tou ?" and help her all you can. Ana iry not to tear your frocks and things; do not get any holed in your blockings more than yon can help, and tbat will be helping ber a lot. It will save her from having to wend them; and try to mend them yourselves instead of mother doing it. If she is going out, and wants to go early, help ihs younger ones to dress, and mother will be pleased. Th uicbt it may be a little thing, if yon do everything ai well as you can it is no fault of yours tbat it Is little. If yen try to be as good as you can, and keep out of miachie', and always be obedient^ gou will be helpiug mother as much as you can. MARION EEWIS, Goodwood Park (9 years 11 months). CLASS III. Our mother is tbet best friend we have, and ive should show our gratitude by helping her in every little way. Ffritt, we sh -old nev«-r make work, nor grumble at anything she does for us. This is a very ugly thing to >io. We must not be ill-tempered because we have to wait oar turn; not be impatient. At the meal table we should always be attentive to mother. We ought to clear the crockery off the table and wash them np. If mother is not well we should make ber some nice toast and hob cocoa. When the baby is eras and troublesome we should take him lor a walk or pluy with him, so tbat he does not- make a noise and make mother wor*e. We should stay home from pleasure sometimes and let mo her go instead. On Saturdays we should do more woifc than other days, because we do not go to school. In the morning we ought to sweep the floor, clean and du«t the rooms, and clean the silver. If mother's eyesi&hi; is not good we ought to read to her and write letters for ber. On .Sundays we should learn our Bible lessons without being told twice, dress the little onss for Church, and take care of tliem. How nice it would be if wo did all these things! I do not know what we would do without mother, becnuse she is so good to us. FKANCIS (S. MUNI, F.M., IVatervsle (1-2 years 4 months). BOYS' DIVISION.—CLASS L I wcul l like to be a missionary. The first reason is because Jems loves me, and I think it is 017 duty. 'Che second reason, that there arc so many heathen dying every duy without Christ's love being told to them. I read in a book tbat here are 33,000 dyiug every day in China, and 1,400 dying every hour. Ibe third reason, I want to please Jesus. It says in the Bible, "(Jo- ye therefore and teach all nations, btptizinc them in the name of the Fa* her, and of the Son, mid of tho Holy Ghost." I hope to see sonseof my "Sunbeam" cousins in China, when I go, if the Lord sands and spares me to go there, or wherever Ho sends me. WILLIE ISGLEIOX, Stepney (S years 6 months). CLASS II. It has always been my wish and ambi'ion to be an agriculturist, as I am very fond of outdoor work. Since I was quite a little bov I have had a. small garden of my own. I have rooted vines and gooseberries, and X have sold a great number of ea-h kind. Tbis year I have sown sixteen varieties of wheat, which were given to me by a cou-in, who is a student at the Agricultural ollege. The reason why I wish to b- an agriculturist is because I like to be employed out of doors. All kinis of weath-r agree with me. I would like to have n dairy and rear pigs and poultry- I am very tond of horses. I am trying to be very bandy witb my tools, as that is very useful to a farmer when he can repair his own implements. Another reason why 1 wnnld like to be a farmer is because it is a very independent life. Far the most important reason, it does good for tbe country by using uncultivated land and baautifying the place with my labour. _ ' LENNIE SOBELS, F.M. Watervale (12 years Smonths). CLASS III. My ambition ever since I can remember has been to be a sailor and explorer; bat every one that I speak to on tbe subject advises me not to go to sea. I sappose it is more than likely that after d11 I shall not be a sailor; but at any -ate a sailer's life is my ambition, however hard it m»y be. I never feel so happy as when I am in the water or on it; and I like to feel the ship rocking underneath me, see the broad expanse of water, and the seabirds whirling to and fro. Also to s*e in the distance the faint blue line against the horizon that marks ont land; or to hear the chains rattling ai the anchor is dropped, to sae the billows foaming aronnd the ship, and bear the orders of the skipper and the tramp of boots along the deck. Beosons—1st. Because I wish to visit strange lan>~ls, eiftlore tbem, and dUcover what I can that will in any way benefit my country or myse'.f. 2nd. Because of my ereat love for the water and for sa'ling upon it. Srd. To become acquainted with the uianylangnagesof tbe earth and the prople who speak them. ARTHUE ELLIOT ST. CLAIR MCDO.VALD, F.M. Caltowie (13 years Z months). I am muob pleased indeed with these essays, and I think they are a marked improvement upon th9 ones in the previous competition. I would remind the unsuccessful competitors tbat writing and neatness were taken into consideration, and there were not a few who lost marks in those two particulars. We will not be having another competition, I think, for some time; and earnestly hope that then there will be many more competitors. Now I had better give you the "best three" letters. -But, first, there is another " Sunbeam" bazaar to be reported. Blliston, October 3. My dear Uncle Barry—I am very pleased to be able to tell you • t we have at lot t had our bazw. Although it ~as small and there were very few people «e managed to net £2, which I am enclosing. We held our llazaar in the Vvesleyan Church on the 2nd October. The Bev. J. G. Jenkin was holding a tea and a cantata on this date, and he very kindly allowed us to hold our bazaar in the same building; and I wonld like yon to thank tbe Kev. Mr. Jenkin on behalf of tbe Circle for his kindness. The children, as you know, are very small, but I have to eive my bsst thankB to the mothers of those who were not able to help for the great interest they to'ik in the bazaar. I toi J you a week ago tbat I did not think we could help in tbe Sunbeam Stall at tbe strawberry ftte; but if we add a it tie more to what we have left from our biztar we will send a parcel down. With love to all my coaiins, Aunt Sophie, and yourself. Your loving niece LILLIAN B. E. SYXES, F.M., Hon. Secretary Francis 11 Havergal S.C. Lancliim-pljce, Portland Ward. September 30. Dear Uncle Harry—This Is my first letter to you. I am a little " tiunbeam" eleven years old. We are ten in family; there are three brothers and four sisters. One of my sister', named Bella, is a Sunbeam, and we attend tbe Circle formed by Miss Clayton. All tbe menbers seem very fond of her. There are twenty-two in the Circle, so, deir Uncle, we will be able to help you in the coming b«zaar in November. I go to the Chnrch of England Sundsy- school, and Miss Ferguson to my teacher, and I like Sunday-school very much. Last week was tbe Michaelmas holidays, and I w«nt to the Semaphore, and a few of as went cockteiiig. We di 1 have fun, and went very sotTy whe" the liol i 'ay« were "ver. Well, dear Uncle. I must say good night. With love to Aunt Sophie, Cousins Bessie and Bertie, and yourself, remain your loving niece. MABEL WUR (11 years I months). Very pleased indeed to get your letter, dear Nieoe Mabel, and especially pleased to hear of the progress of your Circle. Hammond, October Dear Uncle Harry—This is my third letter to you. and I am not colng to write a very lone letter this time. sister has jus R joiner] the Sunb-am Society. She is < 00 little to write letters to TOU yet, but sh*T says she will HE able to soon. M? other little sister is only ten month" old to-day She has only four teeth nnw. She will soon be able to walk. She can pull her-^-lf up by the chair a'L herself. Mother is making her sucli a orott -, littln dress. I am making a ni e little ball FOR the Children's Hospital. die Circle meets at Mis* Metcmfs place. We are eoing to hive a meeting next week. I think it is time I closed nnw. With lo*e to Aunt Sonhie, Cousins Bessie and Bertie, and yourself, I remain, your *ovxne niece, KATHLEEN K. BICIIARDSOK (9 years 2 m-intln). -Please tell the members of the " MACD JEANNE FBANC" Circle, dear Nieca Kathleen, that I would like to hear from them. Itseems a long time sinoe I had a letter. Fisher-street, Fullarton, September 26. l>ear Uncle Hirrv-^My fa-hor has jiir-t been to England. He liia been homo about four weeks. He brought me su<-li a nice doll; it will shut its eyes. We want down to meet him. WV were up at 5 o'clock. I have a v«ry bad oold and lins Father brought n little kitten from England. We went out out one Sunday, and when we came homo it was gone. My little brother is fa«t a->leep on the snfa. Will you not mind this letter being blotted? Goodbye, my dear Uncle Hirry.—Your loving niece, EVA BOVINA DAVI5O:;. F.M. (10 years old). 1 find it necessary again to oall attention to the three rules to be observed by letter-writers —1st, to write on one side only ; 2nd, to be signed as original by parent or guardian; and 3rd, to oontaia not more than 200 words. It is the first rule, more especially, that I wish you to observe more faithfully than you are doing. It saves me a ereat deal of trouble if it is carried out, so please don't forget it. Now for the Birthday-list:— | 1 MANY HAPPY BBTURKS OF THE DAY. TO-HOOROW, 12th, to Stella RICHARDS- F.M.. lioulwa (10); Bertie RlLEV, F.M., \Vat=r" vale (8); ttlisa THOMAS, F.M., Oienelg(l2); Wil" liarn TOGG. Bugle Hinges (1'-); WSe CRABB. 1 Blanchetown (14); L-ictHon BAKRITT, Lyndoch (11); LornatJEELEV, G.enag(ll); EditnKNOWLES, BalUrat (A). MONDAY, 13th, to Williim STEWART, F.M., Parkside (ll); Eliza CRAIG, Stockade (7); Minnie AISWOETH, Mount Lofty (9): Albert MILLS, Amyton (M): Archibald DAVIS, Biverton (11); KDWIN JENKJKS. Parkside (13). TCESDAY, 14th, to Frank SOB&ELT;* F.M., Gienelg (12); ELL* CHARLICK, F.M., Ualey Park (14): Vernon HAHTEV, F.M , North Adelaide(11); Lacy ALDE&MJLN;, VVeit Varco»ie (I2); Frauci* BROWN, Woodville(14)-, Gertrude CLEMENT Park- •ide(lB). WEDNESDAY, 15th, to Emma HAEUSLER, F.M., Wilson(l2); Kleanor GJEGSTED, 1<\M., Semaphore (14); Bobert HOCKRIDGE, KM.. Watervale (71; Emily CLIFFORD, r'.M., Salisbury (la); t.ily MACHELL. P.M., Murray Bridge TS); John N'OOR- MAN. P*naramitee, via Yunta (10); Ameli* PlHCE, Krskine (12); Kveleen BISHOP, Commerciai-roaj, Port (6); EfBe COVEVTRT, liuley (9); Archibald WALDIE, Broken Hill (13); Roy EDWARDS, EnSeld (10); Alice SCHOLEPIELD, «iverton(13). THURSDAY, 17th, to Kthal IVOIUSMAN, F.M., Sand well (14); E. J. Gawler PAKHAM, ^.M., Angle Vale (10): ijiczie Nation, COLLEGE Hark (A.); Sovereign DAVIS, Bugle BA.nees (11); Ida DEW, Alberton(!6); AL xander HU.VCEa, Craters (IS). FR1DAT, ISth, to Kthrl COLE, (Ml., Sandwell (11); CharlesPAVXA F.M.,Semaphore(l5); KAWARD EOACH, F. M., Kilkenny (S); Lsslie COLLINGS, Norwood (10). „.. ATURDAV, 19th, to Horace WHEELER, F.M., Prospect (8); Alice SEMMESS, F.M., Queenstown (IK); Mary HCDGE, F. VI., AI ford (A.); Florence TOODEV, F.M.. Ooodwood (12): Hilda CLARK, Exeter (A.); Miriam COOK, Cor'ima.Uel Valley (12): Eva FIELD. Norwood (12); Kmily CAIRB. Albertjn (A.); Evelyn ELLEBY, Queenstown ;A). I have ao far had no response from those who have recently attained their fifteenth year, and must therefore send in an applioajion to be enrolled as an Associate if desirous of Btill belonging to the Society. Please attend to thii matter, dearies, so that there may be no diffioulty about it afterwards. I waB very pleased to receive a group . photo of Nieces Elsie and Olive Williams, F. al.'e, for the "Sunbeam Portrait Gallery." I am just as easier as ever to add to my store of " Sunbeam" portraits, eo please don't forget me. Yours very lovingly, TDKOLE HABBT. 