GENERAL BOOTH ON THE SACRAMENTS. The Dev. Dr Lrain, -writing in the 'Beview of the Churches," thus des cribes the answer -which General Booth gave to him whenlieaskedhim point-blank what was the teaching of the Salvation Army on the subject of the Sacraments. General Booth seems to have arrived at conclusions very much akin to those of George Fox :— " In my opinion it was a mistake to suppose that Jesus Christ instituted these ceremonials as they are practised to-day, and made the obligation to partake of them binding upon His people in all cir cumstances and for all time." " Would you define, General, for the benefit of my readers, your general posi tion with reference to the Sacraments ? " " Certainly," said the General. " In the first place, we do not consider that tho Sacraments are essentials of salva tion. We hold that, through our Lord; Jesus Christ, Faith Hope, and Charity, with or without any formulae or ceremonies, will carry a man into heaven. Secondly. With reference to the question as to our Lord's intention to institute these as permanent ceremonies in the Church, we reply that there are other ordinances that are apparently commands of a similar character which the Church has universally agreed in not observing. The most striking example of that is the command to wash one another's feet. We stand in relation to the ordinances of Baptism and the Lord's Supper where the whole Church stands to- day in relation to mauy customs which were prevalent in the Apostolic days. " Thirdly. We came into this position originally by determining not to be a Church. We do not wish to undertake the administration of the Sacraments and thereby bring ourselves into collision with existing churches. " Fourthly. We were further driven to take up our present position by clergy men of the Church of England refusiug to administer the rite to our soldiers he cause they had not gone through the form of confirmation. This created difficulties ; which seemed to uie only to be solved by the declaration of my own conviction, that these Sacraments were not essential to salvation. 1 Fifthly. We have found the exist ing notions with reference to these ordinances seriously interfering with the inculcation of right views of penitence and holy living. Men and women are constantly in danger of putting their trust in ordinances, and thinking that baptised communicants must be in a secure position, 110 matter how incon sistently they are living. This leads us to say that as circumcision is nothing, so baptismis nothing—but thekeepingof the commandment of God. We attach great importance to that wonderful statement of John the Baptist, ' I indeed baptise you -with water . . . but . . . He shall baptise you with the Holy Ghost and with fire.' " Sixthly. Moreover I should like to emphasise the fact that this -with us is not a settled question. We never declaim against the Sacraments ; we never even state our own position. We are anxious not to destroy the confidence of Christian people in institutions which are helpful to them." 'Do you substitute anything," I asked the General, " for the Sacrameuts ? " " Only so far," he said, " as to urge upon our soldiers in every meal they take to remember, as they break the bread, the - broken body of our Lord, and as they drink the cup, His shed blood; and every time they wash the body, to remember that the soul can oidy be cleansed by the purifying blood of Christ." 