THE HOYAL NAVY. During last year there were launched for the Royal Navy 27 vessels, aggregating 31,525 tons, with engines of 451,250 indicated horse power. The cost of these vessels when com pleted will be £2,413,570. This total excludes torpedo boats, of which five have been con structed. The principal vessel is the Mag nificent ; the next, a cruiser of 5,000 tons, the Minerva, launched within seven mouths of her keel being laid at Portsmouth ; three torpedo gunboats built at Devouport, the Halcyon, Harrier, and Hussar, and a sister vessel, the Hazard, built at Pembroke; while the total of the dockyard work is made up by two sloops with large sail area, to be launched from Sheerness next week. These dock yard built vessels cost £1,803,570. The work launched from private establishments for the navy included 18 torpedo- boat destroyers^ of 27-knot speed, of which seven have been tried with satisfactory results. There were also five torpedo boats and a tug boat. The work in course of construction in the dockyards in cludes, in addition to the Magnificent, six battleshops of a similar type, one Renown of 12,350 tons, two other cruisers of the Minerva class, and two sloops in addition to the two launched. This year's programme will include one first-class cruiser, four second-class cruisers, and a third-class cruiser. In private yards there are building two Magnificents,_two Terribles, cruisers of • 14,000 tons, 25,000 I.H.P., and 22-knot speed, and five Minervas, in addition to the torpedo-boat destroyers, of which there are 14 yet to launch. Mr. T. Price, M.P., will speak on the re serve, Miteham, this evening on "The work of the session." As he will be the first of the labor members to publicly express his views during recess on the proceedings of Parliament last year especial interest will attach to his utterances. The will of the late Dr. George Mayo has been proved in the Supreme Court, the estate being sworn at under £27,300. Details of the bequests are published elsewhere. The South Australian Insurance Company at the half-yearly meeting yesterday decided to declare an interim dividend of 10 per cent., equal to Is. on the old issue of shares and 3d. on the new. The following players have been chosen to represent New South" Wales in the intercolonial match against Queensland, commencing at Brisbane on Saturday next:—Turner, Gregory, Donnan, Iredale, Callaway, McKibbin, Howell, S. J ones, Mackenzie, Trumper, and Farquhar. ' On Tuesday evening.the Mascotte Amateur Company gave the inmates of the Parkside Lunatic Asylum a very enjoyable concert. Mr. G. Sallis presided at the piano. Mr. F. Bromley's club-swinging was much admired, and various duets, comic songs, and negro re presentations by Messrs. Fraseiy Newitt, Stevenson, Fallon, and Dring elicited much applause. _ Miss L. Ewers contributed several songs, which were sung with much feeling. The farces "Hiringa Cook"_ and "Ghosts" were played with, great ! spirit and were thoroughly enjoyed by the audience. " God Save the Queen," sung by the whole company, concluded a successful performance. The following shows the quantity of rainfall at the undermentioned stations for the 24 hours ending 0 a.m., Thursday, February 7 :— Daly Waters .. 0*020 Powell's Creek .. 0'0S0 Tennant's Creek.. 2*000 Port Darwin .. 0*710 Burrundie.. .. 0*130 Pine Creek .. 0*100 River Ivatkerinc .. 0*020 The smallest Church See in the world is that of St. Helena, the bishop of which has juris diction over three clergymen. The following is a list of the sizes of hats worn by several eminent men Dean Stanley, G"; Lord Beaconsfield, 7; Charles Dickens, 7J-; John Bright, 7J; Lord Macauley, 7§; ill'. Gladstone, 7§; William Thackeray, 7|d ; Archbishop of York (Thompson), 8 full. The Scotch head is larger than the English ; York has the largest English range, Cambridge next, then Oxford. The professors of' .the Scotch Universities average 7'1G. Seven is the average Briton's size. Wc have received a copy of " The Thumb Ready Reckoner," published; by H. Frowde, Oxford Univer sity Press, which is indeed a wonderful little volume. Though only measuring 2 in. square it contains a ready reckoner of from -£• to 5,000 at prices ranging- from T'.d. to 10s. 9d.; also handy interest and discount tables, British and foreign weights and measures, the metric system, and foreign money. The printing is perfect, whilst the binding is both artistic and serviceable. Altogether the book should be of great value and convenience to business people. 