Science and Art Notes. Two anglers, one a resident of New haven, have just tried the interesting experiment of fishing in the Seaford Bay by electric light. A fisherman of New haven rowed the anglers from the railway pier soon after 6 o'olock, when it was completely dark. A portable battery, with a five-candle electric lamp, was taken, and this lamp was lowered until a weight below it touched the bottom at 25ft. Both battery and lamp were specially made for the trial, and the lamp was protected by a galvanised crinoline, and was made watertight. When the'lamp reached the bottom of the sea there was a circular area 20 yards in diameter brightly illuminated right up to the surface. Fishing was earned on with an ordinary line on the port side, the lamp, having been lowered os the starboard side of the boat. A splendid dish of whiting was oaught. BOMB interesting experiments in sub . marine photography have been made by Hr. Louis Boutan. He is an ardent student of zoology (says a London paper), «nd during the investigations he made on the shores bf the Mediterranean he «as so impressed with the beauty of the sights offered that he concluded to make some efforts to represent them by pic tures as well, as by words. His first experiments were made at a slight dis tance under.the -surfaw of the water, ?where the intensity of the light is still sufficient for the production of photo graphs ; he constructed a camera and an uistantaneous shutter especially adapted for use in water. Finding it desirable to take pictures at greater depths, Mr. Boutan resorted to the employment of artificial light. The lighting apparatus comprises a barral, containing oxygen, and carrying a gloss globe, in which is placed a lamp haying a wick impreg nated with alcohol. The operator, by pressing a bulb at the end of a tube, is enabled to throw some magnésium powder in the flame. IN Berlin, and also in New York, the printing of photographic pictures by machinery 'has been- developed into an enormous industry. By dint of sensiti sing the paper from the roll (as it is supplied for newspaper printing), print- j ing it under a series of negatives, de-j veloping, fixing, washing and drying it, as it passes automatically over a long series of rollers and through a series of baths of chemicals, it is possible to pro duce pbotogrsms in enormous quantities and at little cost The principal present use is for the production of the tiny prints given áway with cigarette packets, and for advertising purposes ; but in New York, it is also used to produce albums of portraits of celebrities, each of which consists of a dozen cabinet por traits, accompanied by letterpress. The production: of these prints is so cheap that they can compete in price with photo-mechanical printing. MART people have as genuine a terror of electricity aa their ancestors had of ghosts and. church-yards at midnight. This (remarks the hospital) is quite foolish. As in the case of ghosts, it is ignorance which frightens, but know ledge which reassures. Dr. J. B. Verity, in his ' Electricity up to Date,' tells us that though 'some fatal results have happened, electricity does not kill'whole sale, as does dynamite, gunpowder, or coal-gas explosions ; nor is the list of fatal accidents to be compared with deaths due to exploding or overturned oil lamps.' It is well to remember that the ability to bear electric currents varies in different individuals. Moro over, that electricity will certainly kill if contact be good and pressure sufficient, need not be denied. Indeed, it will kill very promptly and certainly ; so much so that Dr, Verity thinks capital punish ment by electrocution is much the most speedy and painless of all the methods ot killing known to science. On this point lie reminds us that since electricity travels much quicker than sensory nerve currents the brain is rapidly rendered insensitive and thc subject therefore becomes quite unconscious long before sensory nerves can communicate the1 impression of pain.' ' The current that kills' is, however, os perfectly under the control of those who have but a little real knowledge as is the gas burner, or even the composite candle. A FRENCHMAN, Mons. Dubois, hos mode an interesting suggestion as to the origin of color-blindness. Tliis defect of vision almost invariably consists in in ability to recognise red. Now a body cooling down from incandescence (re marks Knoukdge) extends its spectrum towards tito red end, or in other words the white hot or violßtcolorod body liccomes yellow and finally a dull red ns it cools. A few stars su iii as Sirius are white hot, many others like our sun are cooler and therefore yellow, whilst others are so cooled down as to shine with a dull red light. Primitive man, accord to Mons, Dubois, lived when the sun was in either thc Sirius or the pre Sirius stage, that is, when the sun, which is tho source of all color, was white hot, and had no red component in its spec trum ; he had, therefore, no power of recognising red. Color-blindness, there fore, say6 Mons. Dubois, is merely atavism or degeneration to the primitive type. Tile objection to this ingenious theory is that wo have no reason what ever for supposing that primitive man was contemporary with a white hot sun ; further, all white hot suns that we know of have some red at any rate in their spectrum. The intensity of particular components of the spectrum may vary ; but the components are still there. 