Allan Love's Disappearance. CHAPTER XI.— {Continued.) As Vida settled herself among the pillows Bebe ran from the window aud whispered excitedly: 'There's a man just come up the garden walk ! I wonder if it might be — he ?' ' ' Dear me ! Has it come to pronouns ?' laughed Vida. ' It's always a bad sign, my dear, when a woman, be she young or old, begins to talk as if there was but one man in the world ; that he had no name, being labelled just ' he' in capirals.' There was a step at the door — Ruggles again, this time with a card. ' Mr. Clyde Hastings !' The delicate colour flew to Vida's soft, oval cheek as she read that name. Why did he come uninvited to Appletborpe ? She did not like him. She did not want him. Yefc when he appeared, dark, pale, the marks of suffering around his eyes, a faint throb of pity for ? him did animate Vida's heart. It was love — a vain love for her— that had saddened his face. She knew that. While she had no toucb of sympathy with him, this knowledge, now that she was quite happy himself, did lend him some interest in her «yes. ' You did not ask me to come,' he st-id, as he bent over her band, '' but I dared to make my way here uninvited, nevertheluns. It is not too late to congratulate you on your marriage, is it?'' he asked. And juet tor a second an expression of agony and bitterness looked from his eyes that filled her almost with fear. 'I hope it will never be too late for that,' she said, in her mellow, velvety tones; and, turning to Bebe, presented them. Clyde Hastings glance swpb over the young ?girl, but it was sphinx-like. No one, to watch him, would fcnow how muoh he had heard of Bebo from poor Felix during the past week. ' Pretty ?' he thought, as he looked at the unliuud face, the dieamy, childish eyes of little Bebu. ' Well, I suppose so ! If you want a com plexion of rose and snow, there it is for you ; big blue eyes, with trailing lashes — you have them, too : a dear, rosy, babyish mouth — it's right before you ; a round, satiny chin, cleft by a dimple, a fuzz ?of gold-bronze nair above a low, white brow — yes, dainty Miss Rarita.n has all these delightful and fortunate gifts. I suppose its only 'natural that Felix should have fallen in love with her — the young fool ! Love !' he thought, bitterly. ' As if he was beginning to know wbat it means in its deepest sense ! 'To know love, one must have suf fered until the agony mounts a voiceless protest to heaven. I have loved — I know !' ' You'll have a cup of tea ?' asked Vida. ' It's Pekoe, fragrant as a rose.' ' Thanks, I will.' Tea ? As if he would nob have drunk pofcon from those hands as willingly. His haggard eyes watched Vida as she bent over the pretty table, a heap of pink roses on the mantel behind her making an entrancing background for her golden head, pale, cameo-like profile, and grace ful, white-robed figure. ' Is Mr. Raritun at home ?' he asked, as he took the pretty Wedgewoed cup from her handg, while Bebe at the piano t in the shaded corner trilled out Bof t melodies that breathed of love and passion. ' No, he will be in shortly,' she said, seating herself, and, picking up a big fan, commenced to wave it slowly to and fro. .' I may aB well tell you,' said Clyde, watching 'Vida narrowly, as he htirrpd his tea, ' that Sidney likes me none too well. But I want to change all that — now that he is your husband ! Do you under stand ?' he asked, passionately, eagerly. ? ' Hardly,' and then) was a alight chill in Vida's tone. ' I can fancy Sidney being Bought for him self alone.' ' Ah, well, he is a good fellow ! I'm willing to let bygones be bygones, if he is,' and he looked down mysteriously at the pattern of the Persian rug at his feet. ' Do you mean that you and he had quarrelled ? 1 did not know that.' ' We had a few words — when I found — well to be candid — he was a suitor of yours. I taunted him with something in his past.' He left it appear that the words had slipped out unconsciously, looked down as if in chagrin and ? -confusion, while all the while he noted the stern ?whiteness that, settled around the mobile, curved lips of this woman he loved so madly, so hopelessly. ' In his pa»t !' The words were like a. torrent in Vida's brain. Wbb this something thub she might not know to rise and confront her at every turn ? Ap much as possible she hid the knowledge of how deeply his words had cut. ' Please say no more, Mr. Hastings,' and her dark eyes flashed. ' What you may have felfc for mo belongs irretrievably to the paBt. Even to speak of it as in th« past offends me now. As for my husband, I am satipfied with his past and present. His friends are mine j his enemies mine,' . ! How beautiful she looked as these cold, scornful words left her lips, and hnw mournfully the music 1 came from thi! shad»d niche whera Bebo sat. The scene affected Hastings stronirly. Villain though he was, there wa3 one rea' feeling in his life— the love for this woman, that was no more conquered than the lion which is made a captive by force, who lies silent and bioocHnc merely because he sees no promise of freedom before him. But Clyde Hastings had come to Applethorpe that afternoon with a wel!-nonceived plan in his mind. He wai going to get the entrit of the house he waB going to insinuate his way into Vida's con fidence. The time would come when he would be her friend. . Her friend! The man who would quietly and ?relentlessly ruin aDd brand her husband! Her friend— the snake in her Eden! He had not despaired yet. Vida was proud and cold now, but when the world had turned its fickle back upon her, the wife of ft convicted murderer, hoiv would it be then ! CHAPTER XII. 'SO CLOSE WE ABE, AND YET SO PAR APART.' Unnoticed, the music in the corner ceased, and Bebe slipped from the roam. On the terrace, strewn with rugs and easy chairs, she paused and picked up a big-brimmed hat on which a wreath of honeysuckle nodded. ' They're gossiping there ; they won't miss me. I simply can't stay quiet any longer,' she thought, as she run down the steps to the shelving stretches of graBB that glimmered far away under the rows of apple treea like richly-toned velvet. It was now on the verge of the summer twilight —a magical hour. Far away there was a suggestion of the smoke from the great city against a sky of glowing crimson, dotted here and there by the white light of an early star. But around Apple thorpe there was the coolness and silence of the country. Far up in the pale-blue above Bebe's head hung the wan ghost of a young moon; the breeze softly stirred, the trees rustled their leaves iu soft whisperings. How still and inviting the long, green aisles were between tbe apple-tiees ! How the white road gleamed beyond the lodge gates! How dim and mysterious the woods on the other side looked, stretching away, far away ! Bebe hurried oa lightly. Her young heart was aflame with its burden of love. It was delicious to flutter along the white road in the deepening sun set and think that Felix would come to morrow, that there was some reasonable explanation for his continued absence. Descending a hilly road that led down to low, marshy land, Bebe found herself in the loneliest spot she had ever seen. A small river wound along like a silver snake between long, reedy grasses, and the only house in sight was a low, square building, closely shuttered, the garden a riot of rank weeds. ' Ugh ! It looks haunted, that house by the river. I wonder who lives there ! It seems the very place for a murder, or one of those dreadful houses where wicked people throw poor insane relatives to die, unknown and uncared for,' she thought, preparing to turn her baok upon it, when suddenly she stopped, interested. Surely she knew that figure coming so guardedly and stealthily down the path ! She waited until the man came within a few step3 of her, then she stepped from, the shadow of the tree where she had been idly leaning, and faced him in her uncompromising, school-girl fashion. ' What were you doing in that house ? You don't live thexf, (to you ?' she asked, sternly. Yes, Bebe had uot been mistaken. She was looking straight into the apologetic, resbless eyes of the new valet. ' Oh, madamoiselle, you Btartle me !' he gasped, removing his hat from his oiled hair, his moustache curving upward in a craven smile. ' What have you been doing down there ? Were you told not to wait in the servants' quarters for Mr. Raritan?' she demanded — for Bebe bad begn. accuetomed to authority all her spoiled life, and ooald look as cool and commanding as a young princess on occasions. 'True, mademoiselle,' shrugged the new servant. ' But zo maison' was ver' hot. I went to take a walk; I remembered zat o' plees zare. Once a fren' of mine — a poor, sickly young Englishman, lfleve zare. I strolled up ze walk for ze remem brance sake of ze time when we used to smoke in ze leetle garden.' ' H'm ! You must have lived a long time in this country,' sniffed Bebe, suspiciously. 'Thaf- must have been years and years ago.' ' Only two years, mademoiselle — two short years since my fren' live there— poor fellow ! Zees house ees damp. Eh kill him ; I know eet. Bub advice he would not take.' ' Well, ynu'd hetter go back ! Mr. Raritnn won't like to be kept waiting ;' and her clear, preud eyes watched him half-contemptueusly as he minced out of sight. 'There's something uncanny about that little Frenchman. He's like a monkey. I hope Sid will send him about his business,' she thought, and then, without another look at the house by the river, that was destined to play such a strange part in the fortuueB of her life, she turned down another road. Her dislike would have sprung to open antagonism could she have seen tbe valet pause ns he reached a preen, shaded spot, well out of sight. He stretebpd out bis arms and yawned, while a very masculine, forcible chuckle, quite unlike the Frenchman's squeaky voice, broke from his lips. ' That was a rum go ! I musb be more careful ! Thab girl has shurp eyes ; a temper, too, by Jove ! I'm glad it wasn't Ruritan who saw me. It would have looked strange to be seen coming out of that spooky hole ; but the girl will probably forget all about it.' After another yawn he doubled himself up again and Btepped into the road, hurrying with small, quick steps, like the proverbial dancing-master's, toward Applethorpe. Etienne Oudry,.the Frenchman, he was now, beyond all doubt ; and yet it surely was the gruff voice of Theodore Griygs thab had spoken those last words ! Theodore Griggs, the lynx-eyed, the smooth-tongued, the tireless ; Theodore Gtiggs, the link between the t'amily at stately old Apple thoipe, almost hidden in its beautiful, clustering orchard, and the louely figure who lived through days of stagnant horror in the eerie, cheerless house by the river — the master who paid him well, but whoso face hfi had npver seen. His presence under Sidney's roof meant that one more strand was addpd to the web thab Destiny, the blind goddess, was slowly and surely weaving. Yes ; Theodore Griggs and Etienno Oudry were the same, (To to continued.) If you cannot obtain ' Myfa Tea' in your districb write to D. Mitchell and Co., Clarence- street, Sydney, who will nrrnnge for a supply at ©nee through the local storekeeper. Only fort.y United States vessels are now en caged in whaling. Thirty years ago there were five hundred. The whale oil industry has much deteriorated. ? 