'•Sborti Slai®, Shinj." ; Nona. . gfe Theatre. . The Zoo. . Football. . Amy Roselle. : Brave Celestials; ■ Suicide at 3?e.rtll: A-N:A: to-night: The Gas Gompaflj*; : Tlib new ivocil (jilji Yachting at CaWes; . . x Distress. iilArijifedia., " Beautiful Brltaiii:" Evangeline, Florence. Wreck of the Mbyhill: A large fire in Sydney. The captain's .fieolness;* "A Buneli pf violets." . The Bulgarian tragedy; The massaere.in China. TheM&cedoniaq; revolt. The Nairnshire in a gale. The Australian squadron. - ; Wreek of the Catterthun. Hudson's Surprise Party; ' Fire on tne steanier Orient, v ■* The Butler conspiracy case. . The Tantalising tiger .again. • Dr. Copeman on the disaster. . Tlie, Chinese boatswain's story. Silver is worth 2s. (igd^ per 'oz. Fire oa the Orien t extinguished. " A' boot factory ablaze in Sydney. . Europeans arealarrnod. in China. ; Finances of the Catholio Church. •• .His Excellency in-the Full Court. .... Further details df the Catterthun. • . 'The.Dacres at the Theatre Royal. British gunboats wanted in China, i HiM.S. Himalaya at Ijargs tO'day. ■ A terrible death by poison in Perth. 'Debt of tho Catholic diooese, £50,014. . General Booth is sailing for Australia. R. M. S. Parramatta due oh "Wednesday. One .of the Catterthun's boats recovered. New. wool-clip arriving at Port Adelaide. "Australian butter, is quoted at S5s. to 90s. Search for those-missing from the Catterthun. Mr.' G. Ridddob, M.Ps> was 53 on Saturday. TheEarlof Kintore was horn on August 13, 1853.'--: ..— ; ■ .. The laundress's motto—"Let's hope for-the • best.". - ''' R.M.S. Britannia reached Plymouth on : Friday. I Part VL of "Beautiful Britain" has ;arrived. . Many happy returns of the day to the Earl : of Kintore. A graphic • narrative of the wreck of -the Catterthun. •., : No lives lost in connection with the wreck of thoMaj'hill. Mr. H. A. Grainger, M.P., had a birthday on August 7. : The Fortune of War • has oleaned up 1 oz. 8 dwt. perton.' /■': "'Shares in-the Londonderry are quoted at 7s 6d. in London. " A: barque ' wrecked in Champion Bay. West'Australia.- . James Russell Lowell, the poet, died on August 12,1891. .Mri Alexander Poynton, M.P., was 42 years old on August 8. The Prince. of. Wales's Britannia won the Emperor's Shield. ■ .Considerable damage done by the fire in the Orient's coal bunker. Pa^ II;,-TV.,, V., and "VT. of "Beautiful Britain" now oh sale. • The first 20 miles of the Coolgardie line will be.opened on August 14. " , The; GeeloUgs were beaten by the South Melbourhes on Saturday. • : The • Catterthun's: crew\had 4 Africans, 2 Malays/and 14 Chinese. - Damage to the extent of £6,500 has been doiie by a fire in Sydney. Land Values Assessment Act not adopted by the people of Gaavler. Rofe, tbe solicitor in the Butler case, has been committed for trial. A- suspect in connection with the Bulgarian . tragedy has been released.' . • . The Nairnshire" on her trip from London encountered gale after gale.. _ • The'Queen's statue m Victoria-square was unveiled on August 11; 5894. Nebah diffah wid a. woman 'cept w'enshe says sumfin' mean 'bout herse'f. A futile poll; in connection witb the Land Values Assessment Act at Gawler. , , An appeal for protection has been made to Lord Salisbury by residents in China. Aii: upward movement in colonial affairs can hardly. be expected to be visibly rapid. A horrible; railway accident "occurred near Lindehow,' Victoria, on Sunday afternoon. .A man asleep on the rails was run jverand killed by-a passing train on Sunday in Vic toria:. . ..; .... , The South Australian cattle exported to England recently ' have • been sold at Cld. per lb. ■ The Nairnshire, which arrived at Melbourne on Sunday, hod a; Very-rough : passage from London. • ■ The Warrimoo, which stranded in Van couver, has:, been, successfully floated without serious damage. - Mrs. Butler's ; statement, for confirming which her brother was: sentenced for perjury, has been-found to he correct. Leaders iti this"-morning's Advertiser-.— " More. Successful Financing' and " Causes and Cure of Agricultural Depression." . It - is hard for a philosopher to understand why football should be called play as long as shovelling coals is considered hard work. A youth named Bartou Hack ordered to pay £23 :8k.or live in retirement for two months for making off with somebody else's trap. . The Souths and Norwoods .each kicked 14 fials -14 behinds : on Saturday against the atives and North Adelaides respiebtively. Sir Domlnick Daly, a late Governor of South. Australia, was born on August 11,1798, and died, in Adelaide on'February 19, 1868. Victoria,- Queensland, and New Zealand halve'arrived at such a position that there is no necessity for imposing "any additional taxation. " When shall: I call you in the morning;' sir.?'asked, the hotel waiter of auTrishman, .. one night; He. replied, "I'll ring the hell when I wish to be called." .: The New Zealand Treasurer (Mr. Ward) is in the happy, position of being able to announce that there, will be a net surplus at the end of the financial year of £39,400. The new wool, clip: is now beginning to arrive at. Port Adelaide. . Messrs. Luxmoore & Co. have received into store the first instalment, 96 bales, of the Poolamacca clip. In some reSpebts Queensland haB even a better -financial showing than ; New. Zealand. The- Treasurer was entitled : to - boast in his -budget-: speech that he had scored "all round the wicket." - ; ■ . Just , before- that one of the Chinese pas sengers came up to me and asked -me which was tlie passengers'boat. I said, "Any boat is the passengers' boat, get into the first one you.-can."—Chun Ah Kan. No mitterbow strongly a man pretends that he-doesn't believe in ghosts, it,may be doubted . if. be; eyer; goes through a ohurohyard at mid night imthout. feeling as if something - was going.to grab him from behind. , Smile?—"Say. Grubby, can you let me have five-^—" Grubby (hastily interrupting)—"I \- haven't 'a. cent, Smiler." Smiler—"Five' sovereigns for a five-pound note ?" Grubby (heartily)-tt". Certainly, old fellow, with plea sure." ' "I . .'yy . De Tanque (nervously)—" Well, I'm-a fine fellow-to gofishing; I've forgotten the most important-thing."- Old Soak (equally nervous) —Wyw-what is .it?" De Tanque—"The bait." Old Soak (greatly relieved)—"Oh, I thought it was the bottle." The: Roman: Catholics of : South Australia are under a pecuniary; obligation' I to creditors to the extent of lfis. .per.hekd for. the property of the archdiocese, and the new archbishop is very-anxious:-to extinguish the liability with the greatest possible dispatch. ;; - - - 