Old Favourites. CHRISTMAS CnKEK. Phantom atrcnmswcrcintho distance— mock- Ing lights or lako and pool— Ghost# of trees oi soft green lustra— groves of uluidnvv# deep and cool 1 Yea, some dovil ran beforo thorn changing skies of brass to bluo, Setting blnom where curso is plnntcd, where a gra-w-bludo never grow. Six there were, and high ahovo them glared a wild and wizoued sun. Ninety leagues from where the waters of the singing valleys run. There beforo them, there behind them, was the great; stark, stuhtiorn plain, Whom llio dry winds hiss for ovor, and tho blind earth moans for rain 1 ltingcd about liy tracks of furnace, ninety leagues from steam nnd trco. Six thcro wore, with wasted faces, working northwards to tile sea 1 Ah, tho bitter, hopeless desert t Ilcrothcso broken hmunn wrecks Trod tho wilds whoro sand of flro is with tho Bpltoful spinifox, Tolled through spheres that no bird knows. of, wboro with fiery emphasis IIoll bath stamped Ita awful mint-mark dcop on ovory thing that Is! -...1 ulrnvn ami suffered 1 Thi » was whero Dcceinbor's broatli As u wind of smiting flame is on weird, haggard wastes of death I 77«i-< was whoro a withered moau is, nnd tho gleam of weak, wan star, And a thunder full of menace sends its mighty voices fnr I Thi was whoro black execrations, from somo dark tribunal hurlod, Rot tho brand of curso on all tilings in the morning of tho world! Ono man yielded— then nnothcr — thon a lad. of ninotoon years Heeled and full, with English rivers singing unfl.lv In his ears. English grassos Htartcd round him— then the gmoo of Sussex lea Camo and touched him with tho beauty of a green land by tho sea ! Old-world faces thronged about him— old world voices spoko to him ; But his speech was liko a whisper, nnd his oyes were vory dim. In a dream of golden ovcnlng, beaming pn a quiet strand, Lay tho slrangor till a bright Ono camo and took him by tho hand. isngianu vamsncu, oiou me voicosi uut «« heard a holier tone, And an angel that wo know not led him to tho lands unknown 1 ; - Six thoro wero, but throo woro taken ! Thrco were loft to Htrugglo still ; But against tho red horizon flamed a horn of brindled hlU 1 But beyond tho northorn skyline, post a wall of stoop austere, Lny tholnnd of Ught uud coolness in an April- colored year 1 . ' "Courage, brothers," orlcd tho tender; "on tho slopo of yondor peak Thoro are traots of herb nnd shadow, and tho ohanncls of tho crack I" Bo they mado one last great cfTort — haled tholr beasts through brako and briar — Bet tholr feet on spurs of furnace— grappled tmiKPH una ohior of Oro Fought the stubborn mountain foraos, 'smote down naked, natural powers, ' ' ' ' Till thoy gazed from thrones of Morning on a sphere of strenins and flowers. // Ont behind Lhem was tho desert, gldfmg like a sea of brass I // lloro liotaro them woro tho valjyys, fair with moonlight-colored grass)./ At their baoks woro hooped waste-lands, bickering In a wlokcd blaze 1 In their faoou beamed tW waters, marching down molodiouH ways I Touching was tho oocl.fioft lustre overlaps of lawn and lea; / And majestic wns «a great road Morning mado across th/sea. On tho snored day of Christmas, after sevon months of grjcf, Rested threo of tlx who started, on a bank of muss and lyaf— Bcsti'd by a running rivor, in a hushed, a j holy week ; And Lhitv nnthnd tlui stream that saved thom : — named it lltiy— " Christmas Creek." / Henry Kkniui.t,. 