? ^~»'*~~-**^BES ? 'R31^ — ^Kzz~^^ ^^' ^^wfc^_ - w^^^^y^g-^r. ,r*. ^^^^^^^^^^ BY \- y J A ME S C R QZ IE R, B. A., . . Author of 'The Dame of Margarets,' etc. . -^ - -CHAPTER IX. ?: . ' Where in the- name- of all the gods am I ?' said Smythe. ?' 0 for a match, even a sulphur lucifer. Phew, a lucifer in darkness such as this 1 I wonder, were the Egyptians more densely enveloped. Let me collect myself— Jove, T remember. 0 Father Zeus, we are amongst the remnants of your wor- | shippers; give us a little light, even that of one;of your second hand thunderbolts, But where are Watson arid Murray. Have I been consigmed to the middle of the earth or enclosed in thicktfibbed ice? George, Walter, do you hear me? Hang it all, this is *8oouraging, and yet I'll trust Venus, and Hetie, and fair Reyna Lucia. With such faces they could not be traitors— there; can be no feminine to that word. Still—' A long-drawn sigh, as of one who awakes from profound slumber; relieved hisanxiety, '*? and Murray's querulous voice was ; heai;d asking why the dickens he was kicking- up such a row,- !-.-?; ?:? : - .: v At the same moment light seemed to eddy into the apartment in broadening clouds, like steam rising from a locomotive. At first scarcely, distinguishable, itspread. into the opaque space and gave the walls a definite locality and shape. .Then the various objects took form but of the blackness, and soon they were enveloped in the twilight air. The men were astonished at the phenome non. -* ' You are a dab at science, Murray. Can you.tell us how that is done? I fancy that knocks Cantab into a cocked hat.' ' 'You are as; wise as Lam, J3mythe,.but I think ; I'; can. grasp .the- r original idea. . You know pure ... air is not nearly so. transparent as air suffused with, moisture, arid so ' the .distant* hills are looking nigh ' when the rain is about to 'come down; Now just as a certain luminous paint absorbs light-raya, which it emits in darkness, so pure air can be suffused with' light, which it retains. That's all I can'- make from the phenomenon and leave ; you to your own . conjectures about it.'VAt any rate it is the .most kindly light I ever saw.' , ._ ;. ..,,- 'Well, gentlemen, sitting here and con jecturing, won't, do i^ I feel wonderfully strong, this morning, though why we allrwent to sleep with so little preparation is astonishing. It must be the pure ozone we inhale.' - ' I- wish,' said Murray, ' we could manu f actuue it for distribution in the East End.1' ' Bet you there i would be grumbling at the -loss of -the antique and fashionable stinks.' This was Smythefa contribution. ' Yougumsuckers needn't talk so long as you have.the Yarra. You have a selection of effluvia from that classic ' stream which would do duty for Naples or Cologne,' ' But, my dear fellow, you forget we have a Metropolitan Board and a 'White Knight ' who wouldn't turn their backs on the fattest microbe in existence. But what is to be the programme?' -^ - :. «' First -a bath if that can be procured,' Fancy a bath in this latitude. And yetfor.. the life of me I can-'t see why I am: to expect, jt either, but evex^hing is so miraculous that I don't despair.' . ..' ' . ' Romans, and without a bath !' But the Romans were not without a bath, as they soon found. The bath with: all its luxury was in a 'small apartment, and: wonderful like everytb^j^lsej the*temperar ture'of the water was just what YPas requi* site.' ? ' ?'?'? : : ' ? .'?*. 'I wonder,' asked Srhy tlie, ?' where they get the heat.' ' ' ?? 'Of; course from natural. fires,' replied Murray.- 'To say. ncthing-r6f- the geysers of Iceland and New Zealand, -the. hot water and hot mud fountains ofRotorua, I have read, that, in the peninsula,;: of Schirwan, formerly belonging to Persia; jtiow to Russia, there is found a perpetual furnace which has' been burning more than two thousand years. The constant flame rises out of an orifice twelve feet in depth and one hundred feet in width j and rises from six to eight feet. There is no disagreeable smoke or smell. The flame waves backward and forward with the wind like, a field, of golden grain,1 , If such a. furnace could be utilised the terilperature problem is easily explained.' ? ; ' ' It is wonderful how inventive necessity makes man,' said Watson.'., 'Once the' preliminaries are conquered, the difficulties disappear. '.. It seems to methe distribution was the primary difficulty. As soon as it was conjectured that, the electric current could be sub-divided the . problem ''.'? of domestic electriu lighting was on the high-road to; solution.' ^-, ..'-..' 'If the first explorers had been wanting in invention I doubt they would have come to sudden. and perfect grief,,' said Smy the. 'The Romans, however, were men not easily beaten and they would be sure to carry with them- all the attributes of the race as well as its mechanical' skill. No other race. but the -Roman would have attempted works of such magnitude. What a subject for . an epic would it all make?' . :, ;,...--V Now,'' said -Watson, ' we must' first of all. ga, down to the ship. It is plain that very serious trouble is anticipated, and we are in the .very middle of it. We needn't expect to get 'off so easily : iri our next . encounter with those-; fellows. They have certainly stuck to the old forms in '-war and. naviga tion, but they have too many reserves' for me to be quite satisfied as to our future chances, and therefore we. must make preparations.' ' Nonsense,- man, Boyd would leave fifty of those triremes helpless, in -as, many minutes.' '?[ ' I hope so, but we don't know all the conditions and. therefore we., had .better take the ' unknown for the formidable, ' ' : ? ' It'seeins tome,' Murray 'said, ' that we have a year before us here at the-very least, and we may as well take the bull by the . horns at once. Those fellows -won't give: us much rest, or I'm widely mistaken. . ; It is a , jqueer arrangement altogether.^ Are a.11 these women equal :in position, Jor ; have they patricians and plebeians ass of old ?'?'?'' : 'There are between four, jind five hun dred free wonian and some; fifty slaves., The free and the bond have kept the same pro portional numbers for time : immemorial. The only distinguishing mark of the slaves is the short out hair, which is' .always covered with something like ' a coif. ^The slaves are admitted into the chief hall__three , times each day.' ;, ' I hope,' Smythe said,.' ' thje : lovely patrician lady has changed her -character since tlie time of Juvenal. There is half a bull in that, but you will understand what 'I mean.' ' '. ? - . '?? ? ;?' ?'',?/? ?'?':;?;. :- -? 'As there are only fifty slaves: each of - them becomes of considerable value,' and therefore is treated well. But let us' move. Hillp ! here aro some of the short-haired domestics.' - ...-,' . Three or four women entered the room and saluted the gentlemen. Of necessity Watson was . the interpreter. He learnfed from them' that the presence of the strangers was requested at the morning meal, after which was to be held a meeting of all the ladies to discuss imjjortant business, and to this meeting tlie gentlemen were invited. The meeting was held in an apartment off the refectory furnished in a similarly luxur ious manner as the other chambers of that marvellous edifice. Some of tlie ladies re clined on couches. These formed an outer circle and were .for the ' most part' young. Tlie others had chairs like the^curale' chairs of the Roman senators, and on a sort of raised platform Reyna' Lucia was seated having a tiara gem-decked on ' her haughty head. . - . ' 'She motioued the gentlemen to vacant seats nea'r herself, and then she rosie to address tlie assembty. The tame English translation of'her speech gives only a very partial idea of the -fervid eloquence and. the glowing thought, which inspired it. ' : ' Mothers and sisters, — That women .have' been slaves, aye, slaves most degraded; has been a fact too well known to all here. We have been shaking our chains in vain. ' In vain have we appealed to high heaven itself —in vain have we appealed to the higher instincts of man himself. But hitherto neither Heaven nor man has lent an ear to our prayers or entreaties. It was not always so. At one time women were held in honour as the mainstay of the ship of state. You know I have been taught by one who knows all things, and with her I have read the books of the old days when the mother reared the child to be an honour to his country and the delight' of his parents'. Perhaps women had to some extent them selves to blame for the change. Their sphere of influence and action- is definite enough. They have .the home to look after ; the man has to fight the stern fight with penurious nature. If. the woman steps bej'oud.1. her legitimate sphere she invites a contest in which she must be worsted. We are ex. amples. But the penalty we have paid for the. sins of others has been too severe. We have been vised as goods and chattels are used and only appreciated for our absolute utility. Our masters claim each year a; trip bute of our best. We are not considered in the transaction any more than are/the beasts of the sea and land whose flesh we eat and of whose soft fur we make our raiment. How long have heart aud soul revolted against the tyranny ? How long has the anguish of this 'serfdom found voice in the groans echoed through these walla ? But the first blow has been struck ; the first stroke on our fetters has. shattered : the chains for ever. '. Never more shall we endure this treatment. The day of redemption has arrived, or the day. of des truction . is at hand. You saw how the trireme of Fabius was in a few minutes at the mercy of the wonderful ship which now lies in our harbour. Some of you heard the fierce threats Fabius uttered — threats of vengeance on us as well as on the strangers, : threats of a more strict seclusion and sterner ;punisment. How -are we to meet these- threats,- mothers and sistors ? One and only one way is left us- — to trust ourselves to the men who have proved, that they can defend women as well as respect them. ' : The hum of approval spread over the whole assembly, but Watson and Murray, who followed the oration pretty well, eyed each other with some doubt — Smythe had caught but little of the driftof the discourse It was hardly what they anticipated. To become the champions of oppressed woman hood was ajl. very well in the abstract, but they were very much of the opinion .that the women had brought the evils on themselves.' Elsewhere they had seen how venomously aggressive women can become with their rights and wrongs, their ' woman suffrage,' their unwarranted interference with manly pursuits and pleasures, and consequently they had some sympathy with the root and branch policy of the Transmarians. But they had gone too far to draw back now., Fabius and his fellows were not the men to forgive interference with their prescriptive, rights. If they retained anything of the old Eomah spirit the Englishmen were sure the fight would be a stiff one, end How it might. Watson could not preteud to speak the language — indeed iie found some difficulty in : speaking Latin, which was to him a book language — and so he conversed with Lucia instead, aud assured her that what they could do would be done to protect the in habitants of Feminter. He made strict en-, quiries as to the number of men in Trans mare, and found that there were about. one thousand able-bodied soldiers, besides a hundred slaves, and that they had some thirty triremes, such as the Aurora had already encountered, ; - . ? Luoia conveyed the assurance of Watson to the other ladies, and then the assembly broke up. What surprised our friends above all things. was that- not a single voice w.as raised to defend or excuse the Transmarians. -And yet the grievances of the women were to a large extent sentimental. They were well and carefully looked after, i Every luxury was placed at j their disposal. One had only to calculate the immense labour that had been expended on the wonderful lava edifice to judge how much care was bestowed on their well-being. But women never will be political economists or ardent disciples of the doctrines of Malthus. Sentiment' is evei-y thing .with them, logic nothing. The women crowded round our heros, examining them just as a mob' of duchesses and countesses in London or Paris crowd round ;a visitor from some paradise in the Pacific This attention to modest young men of the nineteenth century— there, are a few left — was most oppressive. Anyone who has-ever got on his feet to address a large .,.. ' audience can tell the strange effect the sea of eyes before him has on his nerves ; and.if . those eyes were all large, ebon black,, and intensely bright, lighting up features of beauty only varying in degree, the excite ment of the said nerves would not be lessened. ? ??? ? 'By Jove,' Smythe said, ' this is an em barrassment of riches. Shall we appeal , to la Jteyna to' rescue us from mesmeric col lapse V - — . 'Ah ! here are some friends of ours, 'said Murray, and the two ladies who had been .. the first to board the Aurora made their, way through the crowd and took tlie gentlemen by the arm to lead them away. The Venus, whose name was really Claudia, laughed as Murray and Smythe looked round for Wat- J son. Watson was safe enough ; Lucia was by his side. . . ?'.''. ' We must get on board at once and see Boyd,' said Watson, who had halted near the narrow door. - ' I wonder, what became of our dingey men.' . ?'?. 'They are safe enough, you may bet,' said Smythe. 'They must have had a bursting time of it if they fared anything like us.' ? ' ? ? ? They, were accompanied to the little pier by the three ladies, all enveloped in? the rich sables which were evidently regarded as the proper wear in the cold of the open air. The dingey was waiting for them, and in a feSv minutes they were ' on board the Aurora., with something of the- sensation o;f returning home after a long absenpe. Bovd met them as they stepped on the 'deck and shook hands with the three men as if lie had never expected to see them again. . : ? ; ' Upon my honour,' said he CiI never felt so uneasy in all ray life, or spent: a. more miserable time of it. Your two. men came back after they saw you into .that block affair and they gave such a rum acoount of all the proceedings that I would -have given the Aurora herself to be at your side. ' ; ' At any rate here we are.saf,e and sound, ' said Watson. ' We must have a_council bf war at once, and so we shall. adjourn to the, cuddy to hold it.' CHAPTER X. ;.-'. : . : Watson gave Boyd a rapid account of their adventures, which e.xcited the . sailor's curiosity to a wonderful degree. ] -, 'Women,' said he, ' nothingb.ut women. What a paradise for Mahomet. '-- ????,-. : 'Yes, -women, nothing but women; but everyone o,f, them a. queen. By. Jove,' said Smythe, 'I should as soon asjc Queen Victoria for the Kohinoor as one of them for a kiss.' . . '~'. ? ? 'Perhaps you would find them only women after all,' said Murray. 'You can't easily push nature out with 'a fork. Ask Watson.' ' ' -..'..-...?..?? Watson actually blushed . ' ' 'You fellows forget,' he said, ' that' we have other things to think about: 'than the charms of womendom.' Listen, Boyd. We may expect in three days at the most a visit from some twenty vessels like* that we peppered so vigorously. I tell you the men have never had occasion to cultivate war, and therefore the science was neglected, but they have made such progress in the natural sciences that I am afraid- they ; have reserve powers which will give us trouble. Just fancy the resources of men who could put together suoh an edifice as that, who- have made the air light-carrying, who have utilised the hidden fires of the earth to- pro mote vegetable and animal growth,. who have made electricity and magnetism agents ? in the home life for every day purposes. It is marvellous— so marvellous that our boasted scientific knowledge is only the alphabet to it. If they had had to devote their knowledge to war our . little Aurora would not have had a ghost of'a show in the encounter.'1 . ? -? 'Looking at it from that point of view there is something ..to' be ' considered/' said Boyd. ',' If there \was nothing to be con- ??. sidered but the warlike capability of the trireme I should not trouble, my head, but ? as you state it there is a doubt. Now what I should suggest is that wermount one of the heavy guns on that point. We can easily haul it up. It will give us some pro. ??????-. I I'111' I 1 ? 1 II . .. teoti on- if 'we' ..find' ourselves forced 'to' fall ,- back and r'defend the entrance. The en ,:trance;.iS; narrow, thank heaven I and our .torpedoes willibe useful/ What a happy yvthoiight it was -to bring them.' '?'.iiii 'Mffl&xaay; thank you for the -thought,';: ., said; Murray,. .;? . ? /- ... ii'LYes. Butl.had quite another idea in; my^head. '--I.:thought;-vve, might try the ; .;'. effects of one of ?; them on an iceberg. By. .: George ! it would1 have ; brought some of .those big fellows down .with- a rare burley.-; Hurley-burley. ' ' ',??' MlDon't maltreat Shakespeare, you Philis tine^ 'said Murray. :. ^Bother Shakespeare just now. Another thing we must do is to keep our dynamos : always at work, or at least as often as ? possible. For this reason I shall up sail to-: 'morrow zriorning for a cruise. ' I noticed the /gun dipped right beneath the horizon yester 'dayY so we shall be able, soon to make out a ' . ? »' decent day and night. I wonder if this sea or any part of it is open during the long winter. It would never do for us to be. \- caught napping, and a good look-out must be1 kept. I should say some .of the women would not object to that duty. At any rate* ? we must be pretty constantly on 'the move.-. If; we have plenty of room to manoeuvre I . wouldn't fear a thousand of craft like your triremes.' . ?';_ ' Your Gatlings and Maxims are in work ing order, I jupppse?' ? '??;?. '1.. ? ,' That'tbje vicious beggars are. The meir forward^think .,there is something in the windi and thfeyhave been overhauling all the armBj^nd'ammunition. Gad I they are '?like1 the war hpfse arid sniff the battle from afar;' ' '?— ? ' \ ' ' . ? . i.. *\ Do you think they will stand by us ?' ; , VLike true ''?blue Britons. They are all; agog' about the, shore. Your dingey men madeV highly- spiced report,, and the whole ? crew .is in a state of long drawn expectation.'' ;?? ?' Should we speak to them and let them ;kripw how things stand ? They have a right to 'know, for we have got them into this .corner, and, by Jove, they are in the same .boxasjOurselves .'. . ,..'.?. j j'VIt'might be as well. At any rate a few /words cm do no harm. I'll call old Torn; the boatswain* and sound him.' j ?jTom came. in shortly after and made his usual salute, to the.gentlemen at the table! iThis wasjnot an elaborate affair, as it con-' sisted -of plucking an imaginary forelock1 .{with the dexter finger and thumb. Tom was a character in his way. He was a typical sailor, one of that class we rarely see nowa tdays. /; Steam has ruined the old profession; There isjnoromance in a tea kettle or in an -. MWell; -skipper,' growled Tom, for his ;voice was as the subdued roar of a coming storm,' what do you want with me?' ?!; 1 V fi Perhaps, skipper,' said S'ihy the, pbint-i 'ing to; the table j ' Tom would like to splice1;, itheniain brace before' barneying.' ' ! 'Right you are, Mr Smith;' said Tom, as he poured out a jpram from a decanter, ' a nip in weather like this never comes amiss.': ? ^ And' in what weather, does it, Tom?' Smythe asked with a gleam of fun in his/ ;- eye.-. . . ? ????'?.. : ? ?-,' ' '?'?? - ?:..'. ' '! '? .: '-Dori't knoWj sir. Never found it bilge inmylife.' ' v' ; : j. -:' ?}'*' 'Listen, Tom,' said; Boyd^' 'Your we&ther; .eye is open, and you' know as well a's/we dp'jthat we are in a comer.' } ?;? ;';j4g hasty a hole as any one would want? Bight you are, skipper.' ,'/ ? ''?''?'' We want to know from you if the men will' 'stick to us if it comes to .downright ?fighting— not a scrimmage, but tootK* arid nail, ding-dong battle.' ..,''. ~'}'c '-, ; 'Tom turned the quid from one cheek to the other with' the greatest deliberation in the world and said— ;. ?'Would cats sup milk?' . ( He winked gravely at the skipper and made to the door amid general laughter, the captain calling out to 'him to send the men ?aft. ?'?', '. , . \ :';;?* * ?-' i In a few. minutes some thirty young, fellows in the perfection of age and strength were mustered on the main deck with the two mates, Messrs Abel and Welch, at their, head, -There. waa. a, jaunty look about: most of, them that showed they were perfectly ^ell aware what -was the character of ithe /community to. which they were such near neighbours. The men were dressed .in a uniform very similar to that . of .the Itoyal -Nary; in pattern, but of course the material .was r much warmer and more substantial.:. .She -, uniform, however, displayed' all the' Strength and agility of as fine a ship's-crew asjeyer sailed ,the sea. : ?-?...??;?? i Boyd spoke to the men in a quiet, conver sational manner. . ~ ? ;', Boys, 'he. said, 'we haven't seen the end of Ithe scrimmage: with that craft .yet.; It seems there are plenty more of tlie --'same -'. sort .where it came from, and we are in' for -a1 good rough and tumble fight.' i ???(o ? c* Hurrah j' shouted an enthusiast. ??'?.?. gj.' Hurrah be it,' said Boyd; '.'but we may get some nasty jabs ourselves. -Will 'you ' « hurrah ' for them ?' (to be continued.) 