W8ERMAID AT RYE. , . FLORENCE WARDEN, 1 All Kioht8 Rbsebvxd, ' fart i, i It 10 a ploturosque spot, tnat anoisnt town of Rye, when the river run. full at tho base of tho rook on whioh it stands, and the little fish ing boats, with their red-brown. patched .nils, swim down' on the, tide to the eoa. But when the tide ha run out, aud the mud-banks till the rivor'a bed in a long grey line to; tho now distant see, the old town,| with its narrow, steep streets of small, oloso- paoked houses, orowned with the low square tower of tho anolent cliuroh, looks desolate in deed. So thought Nod Marix as, on a chilly November aftornoon, he made hie way slowly up into, the town from tho station, through a drizzle of rain whioh made the rough stonea slippery, and pattered down from tho overhanging eaves of the houses, This w.as his first visit to Rye, and ho aeemed likely to get no (enthu siastic woleome. He had asked his way to " the best inn,'' aud having boen told rather pointedly " that tho principal hotel was ' The Bull ' in the High-street," perceived that he had gono near to wounding the town's susceptibilities, and that in losing its importance it had not lost its dignity. Nod was at leaBt able to thank the fates, huwover, that "The Bull" proved to bo no rosplondent modern hostelry, " ro-ersoted with all madam improvements," but a plain aud by no means extensive building whioh folly carried out the promise held forth in it. advertisement in the guide book. -it-" This house has for many years enjoyed tho repute of being clonn, sweet, and eom- fortable." The very first steps ho made along the narrow entrance passage raised his spirits, A frosh- faaeil countrywoman stood' at the door of a room on tho right ; at the and of the passage he saw a cosy, old-fashioned bar; a hugs grand father's clock tioked loudly some where iu the dim recesses of oak- panel ted passages in the back ground. "Good-day," said lie to the wait-' ress. The very faat that thore was no dingy waiter about warmed one's soul. "Can I have something to. oat ? A chop, anything." j " Yes, eir. Thla way, if you I pioaso, eir." j Sho was quite peremptory in her manner as she divortod him from his purpose of entering the room on the , right, and insisted on his going into' the ooffeo-room on the left. Ned j felt that eha was too aulooratio, For i in that apartment -on.? tho :right,i whioh bore the words " Cuiin'meroial ! Room," and i'uto whioh, tjieipijpre,' as | a public room, he had every, right to ! go, there was a big well flllsd -book case, and — a golden-haired girl, | Now Nod was nn artist, and en dowed, like other artists, with sus ceptibilities as tu golden hair whioh made even a tinge of flaxen or auburn a joy to him. Tho hair he had just Been made him long'to get at his palette ; he felt that he must see that girl, he must know her, he ' must paint her if he bad to stay in Ryo six months to do it. Mean while he was in the tiny oolfee- roum waiting for his dinner, with nothing better than last week's local newspaper to aniuse himself v with. ! He would go and ask the golden-! haired young lady for a book. So | he erossod the passage into the 00m- merolal room. i The girl, who was sitting olese under the bookcase studying a volume opon on her knee, looked up. 1 Somothing in her very glance showed at onoe that she was adorably unusod to meeting strnngsrs. She wub not shy or awkward, hut she was sur prised. " If you want anything will you please ring the bell in the coffee- room, and the waiters will come," i she said. The words wero a snub; but tha grey eyes were kind, Ned retreated to the door, but said humbly— . I bog your pardon. But I oame to aek if you would be kind enough to lend mo a book." Ml am sure Mrs. Richmond will. . I'll go and auk hor," Oh dear, this was not what ha had wanted at all ; a portly landlady descending upon him, with open suspioions as to tho gonuinoss of his avidity for literature 1 ."Fray don't take that trouble," said Ned. ... She was already at the door. But before she oould open it, the waitress had entered in searoU of the traveller, " Your chop is roady for yo.u in the ooffee room, sir," she said, rather severely, " Oh, Martha, is Mrs, Riohmond in? This gentleman want a hook." Martha looked at him sharply. " Mrs. Riohmond is out, but I'm sure you'd be very welaome to a book, if there's any there will auit you." " I should like some loaal history, if there is suolt a thing- — some book that tells about the old places in and around the town, and the stories told of them." " The stories I" eohoed tho golden- haired girl, with a laugh ; " you must ask Martha herself for those. She knowa ihoro than the hooka toll." " Oh, what I know is mostly gos sip, ana notning much to toll any body," protested' Martha, soften ing. " That . is -exnotly what I like to hear — the gossip," said Ned, " What the people eay about a house or a ohuroh influences one's . thoughts as one looks at it, and givos it a speoiai atmosphere. And that is everything to us painters."' " Oh, are you an artist P" asked tho young lady, with great interest. " That is what my father was before his eyes grew weak. He thinks just as you do of -the stories; and ho w.rites about them too. Ho says there is no history of this plaoe that an intelligent Demon can read with out weeping. - too no is writing one, and I am helping him." The girl — she oould not have been more than 19— glanoed at Martha, as if afraid she had been too communi cative to a stranger, juut tne wait ress, who was a mass of prejudices, had just made up her miad that the newcomer was " a gentleman, every inoli of him," and unbent accord ingly. " And I may make hold to say I've helped Mr. Hennell, too," she said. " Far I was with him nearly three hours the other day, telling him word for word, as it was told to me. tha atory of tho murders at tho Old Mermaid."! " Murdors at the Old Mormaid," echoed Ned, with voluptuous enjoy ment. "Tell me too, please. I love a good murder, especially if it's not too anoient. How old ie yours P" "Why, they both of them hap pened in my time. I've been here nine yoars. The waitross, who was evidently a personage of importanoa in the inn, with extensive powers, was malting. She advanced to the fire, stirred the coal into a roaring blaze, and wheeled a oh air round for the gentle man. Ned took his seat with his back to the murky afternoon day light, where he oould from time te time oast a slyly admiring glanoo at the demure young girl in the corner. " Woll," Martha began, " we don't always aall them murders. For to say truth, thoy were more than murders — they were mysteries. There's a oouple of very old houses in Rye that ware once an iun, called The Mermaid.' That was long before ray time. When I first cams to Rye the plaoe had been empty and neglected, and all te pieces for nigh on two years. Then it was done up and divided into two houses, for it was too big for anyono about hero to take as it was, And one house was taken by a shoemaker, a most respeotablo man, with a wifo and family, who have it now. The other house didn't go off for a hit, and at last they turned it into a hospital, But one night — it was about Christ mas time, I remember, aad the viear preached about it, and it east a damp over everything — a poor man that was lying in one of the rooms with a broken leg, shrieked out for help. Before the nurse that was in oharge oould get to the room, however, the poor fellow was dead. It was found that he had been choked by a great piece of plaster like that they do ceilings with. Tho question was : Who had done at? There was nobody about the house- exoept the nurse, and a woman lying in another room, who was paralysed, and oould not leave her bed. Then again, where did the plastor oome from P There was no oeiling to any one of tha rooms ; the timbers wore just whitewashed, and there was no plastor used, so the piece found in his throat oould not ' have fallen from the roof into his mouth whilo ho slept, as someone suggested. Well, it was a mystery, and there was an end of it, at least, so wo thought. Then that: room was not used again for a . long time. But in October of the year after there was a great storm, and a shipwrecked arew of a fishing nmaolc were brought into Rye. There being nobody in the hospital at the time, the poor fellows were put up there. You see, they were strangers, and had never heard the story. Just piature to yourself what we all felt next day when we found that one of tho men had died in tho night in exactly the earns way as the first, There were two other men sleeping in the room, who were wakened by hearing their oorarade choking and gasping for breath. They oould just see him In the darkness, so they said, struggling with a woman in black, who waved her arms about over him and disappeared, leaving hi'm stark dead. Never was suoh a sensation known in Rye before .or . sinoe. The plaoe waa haunted, ao everyone said. It was a ourious thing though, if it was a ghost that did these murders, that a purse whioh the sailor had by his pillow, and whioh held two sovereigns, had disappeared. Of bourse one of hie companions may havs stolen it; hut then it was they who gave the information that he bad this money upon- him. Then the poor people next door were sue- psoted, booause the attio over the hospital was part of their premises, bsing usod by the shoemaker as a store-plooe. But besides that he and his family ware known to be honeat and as harmless as doves, there was no way by which . any human being oould ferae himself between the rafters. So there tho matter ended, and I don't Buppese the house will ever let again." " Well, I confess that even the excitement of trying to ferret out the mystery would hardly tempt me I to a plaoe with suoh associations," said Ned, rising reluotantly from the oomfortabie arm ohair. " But you can tell me where I shall bo likely I to find a oouple of rooms, both yery oleau, and one very largo, in whioh | I oan take up my quarters for twe or three months ?" Martha shook her head. ' " You had best stay here sir T think," she sola. " There are no lodging that .1. know of in Rye whioh would suit a gontleman." j ' "I shall have to find some to suit ' me though," said Nad. " I oan't afford hotel. I shall be out aketoh- ing all day,«o it roally doesn't much matter what the aaoommodatlon is , like. I must be off on the tramp te look tor them now, Detore it is uarir. | Mpy I leave my bag here until I am ' settled? The rest of my things I left at the etation." Martha at onae gave the required permission ; and Nad, taking leave of her and of the golden-haired Miss Hennell, went forth reluctantly into the dreary streets of the old town. It was already nearly dark, and the rain was now falling heavily, rush ing down the steep streets as if thsy had been only gutter, and splash ing up round the unhappy stranger at every step. He found his search, ! as Martha had predioted, diffioult in- ; deed ; pobody seemed to let lodg- inga, at least nobody who looked clean, and who had less than six babies. Before his wanderings were over it was so dark that he could not read the names of the atraet. At last, however, he saw in a window a card with the words, "Furnished lodgings, apply at No, 3." With some difficulty, for the houses were not numbered, he found No. 3. , A bright-faced young woman, with. a baby in her arms, opened the door, and, on learning what he wanted, fetched the key, and trotted over to the shut-up house with great alaerity. As be followed her Ned got a . better view et tue exterior 01 toe no use, ana was delighted by what he isir. Both th shut-up house and the one next to it had their upper storeys built of timber; eaoh room of the two lower storeys was lighted by a lattice window from end to end. Eaoh had too pointod overhanging gables, and both were roofed with tiles. The yeung artist's heart glowed within him ; if he had searched for a week he oould not have found a dwelling more to his mind. " How is it that this splendid old plaoe is shut up? " he asked, as his oouductrass turned the koy in the look. " Because there's more houses in Rye than there's people to live in 'em, I suppose," she answered with a laugh, as Bhe led the way through the narrow and bare entrance-passagu into a large room on the right, " It's all quite clean, " she con tinued. " It's me who has oharge of the plaoe, and I swept it out only two days ago, Dear, dear, I ought to have brought a light ! If you'll wait here, sir, I'll fetch ene." Ned did not want to see anything more before making up hie mind. The great low-coilinged room, with its long window and wide window- seat, its enormous old-fasliiqnod hourth, in which a tiny modern grate looked oddly out of plaoe, were so many irresistible charms to him. The scantiness of the furni- ' ture did not matter to him; ha , wanted space, air, and light, and j these he had In abundance. " Stay," he said, aa the woman I was running off. " I shall take the | place, if you will get somebody to do ray cooking and cleaning, and if you don't want the rent of Bucking ham Palaoe.'-' - The woman shook her head, and laughed again. . " What do you say to seven shil lings a week, sir ?" " I should say it was not ruin ous." " Aud I oould do for you myself, sir, if you're not tee particular about the cooking." " I'm not. You shall do for me. Will you please begin by making me a fire, and getting me a oouple of | candles, and leading me a kettle ? I'm a very aooomplished fellow, and ean make mv own tea." In less than Halt an hour Ned had fetched his bag from " The Bull " and the rest of his luggage from the 'station, and was sitting in the hign wooden rooking obair before the fire, already wishing that the grate were a little bigger, and that he had a companion in that big room. The picturesque and romantio always have another elds — a -lone some and unoanny side. There were noises in the rafters ; wooden wains- ooting has a habit of oreaking and craoking ; old houses have nookB and orannias made for the wind to whistle in. Ned listened to those noises, and to the pattering of the rain oh the latticed panes, and wondered whether the street was always as empty and deserted as it seemed to be to-night. He had thought he should be so cosy in the wide chim ney corner, Ibut instead he found it draughty enough to make his hair stand on end. At last he got up, and for the first time made a tour of the premises. There were four rooms, two upstair and two on the ground floor. His sitting room waa tha only one that contained a fireplace, and only two out of th four oould be called furnished. There was no garden, hut there was nn untidy yard with a huga rain tub at the baok of the house, The feeling that there waa some thing gruesome about the plaoe grew stronger upon him as be passed from ' the one to the other of the upper rooms and heard the | wind howling above him. There j must surely be an attio overhead, | he thought, for the wind to make : that noise t And then he remem bered that he liad seen from the street the window of a second storey—the one with the gables. But where was tha way up into the attio P Thore was no stairoaso, no I ladder. | Ana tnen followed quiokly another thought, so ugly, ao un welcome that he felt wet and oold as it passed through hie mind. That 01a inn, " 'rue Marmara," where the two men had died so mysteriously, had an attio whioh belongod to the adjoining house I Was this the very house P He would go over to Mrs, Budge at No. 8, or, better still, he would go baok to " The Bull " and satisfy himself on this point. The next moment, however, he pulled himself together, and scouted ; these suggestions of weakness. H would not have ohoion, oortainly, to take up his abode in a house with suoh an ugly history as that of " The Mermaid but if he had unwit tingly done so, he was not going te show funk ovsr it now. Ned re turned tu his sitting-room, however, in a much less oomfortabie frame of mind'than tbat in whioh he had left it. He tried to keep up hi spirits by whistling, and to nmuss himself by unpacking and arranging a few books on the shelves, with which the wall of the big room wore liberally provided. But that took a very short time, aud a long evening still remained to he got through. The rain name down more heavily; the wind was growing more boisterous. Nad sat down iu his rocking-chair, tried to get in terested in a book, and finally, being very tired, fell into a doze, during whioh he was haunted by feverish, fragmentary dreams, in all of whioh the aotual sounds going on around Jhitn, the dropping of the ashes from the fire, the cracking of the wains- eoting, the wind, the rain, and the fnawing of the mias played a part, he oandlos burned down to their sockets, aud flickered out; the fire grew low and fiameless. Suddenly a burst-of oold air swept through the room and awoke him. A cloud of arnoke, beaten down by the draught, rushed across from the ehimney to the open door, almost bljnding Ned, who sprang up from the rocking ohair with a ory. There before him, plainly to he eon through the smuke, by the dull glow of the fire, was the phantom of whioh ho had been dreaming, the phantom whioh haunted the old " Mermaid "—the lady in blaok with the wavinfr arms t (To he continued,) , 