I THE j ISAPPEABAME OF I MB. DERWEBT. I BY THOMAS COBB, I iiBthor of 'The House by the Com mon,' 'Wedderburn's Will,' 'The I Wesdakes,' &c;, &c.; H CHAPTER XIII.— (Continued.) ? How could Joe obtain a view or ^| Ciis apartment he was so familiar H ffitli? After a few minutes' reflection H |e formed his plans, and, taking one or H ^-o useful implements, set forth to H tarry them out. H At the side of the'Jiouse was a win: Hjow, that of the scullery, and before ^m j[ [i Kliiu UJ. EiUJLLh. a±*3\\. joilu liij.& ouc ? descended, but not only was the window I shut, its green cotton blind was drawn ? ^wn. Otherwise he might have easily I commanded a view of the kitchen, there I teiug a door between it and the seul I lery, which was seldom closed. But I je dared not open the window, lest I Oweu should hear. Taking a chisel I from his pocket, he passed it deftly I iouud the pane, cutting deep into the ? putty on three sides, and holding it ? in position with his extended fingers I whilst he loosened the fourth. He ? next removed the pane of I glass, laying it carefully upon I die edge of the area, and, I putting his chisel away, took out I a razor. ' Whilst he pressed its keen I edge against the blind lie held his I breath. The noise of the incision I might attract attention; Owen might I even be looking his way at the mo I mem -the blade penetrated. For that I it was Owen in the kitchen he felt I no doubt whatever. The sound of I flames reached Joe's ears; what were I they intended to destroy? One cut I downwards an. inch long, two at right I angles, and a flap was formed, which I he lost no time in drawing back. His I right eye immediately sought the I bole. I He could command a full view of I one* half of the kitchen. Watching I the flames Owen stood, his arms I folded, his face lighted by the fire, I rearing an expression of loathing and I disgust. I After disappearing a moment, he I re- entered Joe's field of vision, narrv I ing a large brown paper parcel, which I he flung into the grate, afterwards I pressing it down with the tongs^ I Agaiu he disappeared, this time re I turning with a. bottle. Uncorking it I he emptied the contents upon the I fire, starting back alertly as the I flames burst forth with renewed vi I gor. I Owen's profile stood out distinct and I clear as he sat upon one corner of I the plain deal table, his arms folded. I his lips firmly set, until the flames I grew smaller and the shadows danced I more weirdly on the ceiling and walls, I and at last they grew dim, and died I out altogether. I Then Owen left the kitchen, and Joe I quietly opened the window and enter I ed it. But though he lighted a candle I and raked over the ashes, he could I discover nothing to afford a clue to I their origin. It was an hour later I when he made his exit, as much at a I loss as ever, but not before placing I the pane of glass at -the bottom of the I area, and cautiously setting his foot I upon it Perhaps Hue. Cawdrey would I imagine that it had fallen out At all events, with all her watchfulness, she irould scarcely .. suspect Joe of its re ffioral. CHAPTER XIV. | 'How's Ann, Floy?' asked Arnold, at breakfast on Saturday morning. 'Had a pretty good night?' 'A night of great pain,' was the answer. 'Every now and then she starts up in agony. Dr. Viret says she will die in one of these paroxysms.' 'Angina pectoris, that's troeenough,' he said sagely. 'You ought to have a nurse. The idea of your .having this sort of thing night after night!' I eredT' she replied, rather wearily. I 'You forget that Dr. Viret practically | pays for everything. Besides, Ann is not an ordinary servant. 1 like to do what I can for her.' 'Oh, all right, if that's the case,' he exclaimed, rising ? abruptly. 'By- I the-bye, Floy, I'm going to make *a little ealL' 'Where?' she asked, looking up quickly. 'Xext door', to be sure.' 'Oh, Arnold!' 'Why not?' he demanded. 'Why shouldn't I return Pairford's visit? I Not much harm in looking up a friend I of yours and Cncle Roderick's, is there, Floy? What have you got to say I against it? You've no reason, I'll I swear.' 'Never mind my reason, Arnold. I am sure you won't go. I don't want you to go. I ask you to oblige me by staying away.' j ( 'Look here, Floy,' he answered, 'there's hardly anything you can ask We I won't do gladly.' 'One can generally obtain what one does not want,' she returned. 'There is nothing else I wish to ask you, but 1 -lo very particularly want you to ob lige me in this.' As she sat 'gazing eagerly into his face, he brought a chair to her side, and resting his arms upon the table, leaned across it 'Don't you want to learn the truth about Uncle JRoderiek?' he demanded. 'Of counse; you know I do. You know how anxious I am to learn the truth. But neither Mr. Fairford nor —nor anyone at his house can have the slightest glimmering of an idea of it. Not any more than you yourself have.' 'I haven't a scrap. How should I have, considering ' I was not even in England at the time? But she knows; the more I think of it the more sure I become.' 'Then,' she said, rising and draw ing herself erect, so that he forgot Owen for the moment to admire her glorious form, 'you refuse to oblige me? I ask you to' do just this one simple thing, and you say no.' 'I'd a deuced sight rather say yes,' he replied; 'and it's for your sake I stand firm quite as much as my own.' 'That,' she retorted, 'is perfect non sense. I don't want you to do any thing for my sake.' 'Well,' he urged, 'if you really be lieve the woman is ignorant, where is the harm in my calling upon Fairford? Why should you 1-e so precious anxious she shouldn't be ran to earth?' She flushed prettily. 'Not for that reason at all,' she answered. 'But you believe this— this person lives at Forest Prospect.' 'So do you, Floy.' 'And if she does, that Mr. Fairford wishes to keep his own counsel con cerning her. I hate this notion of pry ing into other people's affairs.' 'That begs the entire question. I maintain it is. my affair— very much my affair. It's not as though I in tended to give myself away. It's true I mean to go, but he will never know why. Just a friendly look up, you Jcnow.' 'Friendly!' she exclaimed contemp tuously,, and, leaving him, went away to torment herself by wondering whe ther, in her secret desire to help Owen, she had not been betrayed too far. Was she so sure that this person had no connection, however innocent, with her father's disappearance? Was she prepared to forego a knowledge of the truth sooner than bring further trouble upon Owen? For of one thing she felt no doubt; whatever explanation of the mystery might eventually be forth coming, it must necessarily rebound to Owen's credit Coneernirg Arnold she felt a fresh disappointment So this was the ex tent of her influence over him, which he had vaunted. The day before yes terday he declared she possessed power to make or mar his life; this morning he refused to give up one desire in order to please her. Fortune, favoring the bold, perhaps, discovered Owen on his doorstep when the visitor arrived at Forest Prospect about 11 o'clock. 'A jolly morning.' he exclaimed, in that peculiarly jaunty, cordial manner of his. 'So precious dull ait home, I thought I'd give you a look up. I see you're an idle man like myself, so I'll just make myself at home, and walk in.' For a moment Owen seemed to hesi tate, and Arnold began to expect a rebuff. Then Owen stepped into the hail. 'Oh, conie in,' he said, in a tone which would have repulsed a less thick- skinned man. 'Come into the dining-room, if you don't mind. You'll have a drink?' 'Thanks. The worst of a house with a woman at the head of it— she never understands a Johnny's wants. You can't find it very frolicsome here,' he added, helping himself from the whisky and the syphon which Owen took from the sideboard. ''No, I don't,' answered Fairford, fnll nwiTucr hi« miorf'e (nrnmnlp. Ji.nrl ait ting down. 'My cousin tells me you live alone, too.' Owen nodded assent. 'How on earth do you kill time? By killing birds, I suppose? Shoot at all?' 'In April?' asked Owen, with a smile. 'I -forgot. To tell the truth, I think I'm going dotty. My head has only got one idea in it just now. You see, I have all my work cut out Imagine my position — a thousand a year ready to drop into my hands, and yet devil a sou can I touch until I prove my uncle's death. It isn't so much that I am actuated by a desire to punish the murderer ? ' 'If he was murdered.' 'Well, what do you think?' 'I try to keep an open mind until I see some more evidence,' answered Owen. 'That be hanged!' cried Arnold, whose head soon became affected. 'You can't help having a theory.' 'If I were bound to express an opi nion,' said Owen, coldly, 'I should say Mr. Derwent committed suicide.' 'Then where on earth is the body?' 'If I could answer that question, the truth would have been known long ago. No doubt Mr. Derwent was beside himself with grief. His bed had not been disturbed; he had not lain down that night He was heard to call his dead wife at 11 o'clock — a sign his mind was unhinged, at all events, for the moment. I don't agree with In spector Holt that he merely went away, simply because I know of many cases where suicides have evidently tried to hide all traces of their acts. God help them!' 'Well,' answered Arnold, leaning ex \ilLTUlJ tUl VVU.LU, JL te« JUU -V1A£UI J. believe. You remember my cousin's story about the housemaid, and what she saw?' Arnold waited for an answer, but none was forthcoming. Owen's face however became a shade paler, and taking a glass, he filled it from the syphon, and moistened his lips. 'You remember that?' Arnold in sisted. 'Yes, I remember that' ' The re collection apparently caused him any thing but satisfaction. 'Very well. Now it's evident this woman prowls about the village at night.' 'Evident that she was walking in the village one night, perhaps.' 'Who is she?' Arnold demanded, leaning further across the table. No body knows who she is, where she lives. Nobody but this servan^ of ours ever saw her. Mustn't tnere be some pretty strong reason for keep ing her dark?' 'I should imagine so.' Owen mois tened his lips a second time 'Suppose she's a luny ? ' 'I beg your pardon?' 'A lunatic— out of her mind, off her head, dotty, you know.' Owen started perceptibly. 'Suppose she's a lunatic, I say.' 'Yes, yes; I quite understand.' 'I wish to heaven I did!' Arnold exclaimed. 'Well, then, suppose, again, sbe encountered my uncle that night of the fourth of March.' Owen rose, and walking to the win dow, stood looking out of it 'My imagination is not strong enough,' he said quietly. 'Fairford,' cried Arnold, rising im petuously and coming behind him, 'I declare to God I'll run that woman to earth!' 'She may be as ignorant as the rest of us— as innocent' Owen seemed to be placing a great control upon him self, speaking as if the words were wrung from him. 'Then,' Arnold demanded, 'why doesn't she speak out?' 'Being ignorant, how can she?' 'She isn't ignorant Innocent she may be. I'll swear she saw my uncle that night Why is there so much mys tery about her?' 'Surely,' Owen returned, 'there may be excellent reasons for that— reasons of the— the woman's own, of no con sequence to anyone else.' 'I'll find out,' cried Arnold. The two men were facing each other now. 'The wisest course for her friends is to help me. If they don't, the conse quences rest with them. If I drop across her, ril have that 'veil off her face ? *' ? 'She is a woman, Derwentj' said Owen; and his fists were nervously clenched. 'A hang for that! If she's «, devil, I shall tackle her.' ??as you suggest,' saia uwea, 'sne may have friends, Mr. Derwent.' 'I'm not afraid of them ox any man living,' Arnold retorted.' 'My only wish is to get possession of my own. Well,' lie added, 'I didn't come here to excite myself, only to kill time just to look you up, you know. Time I was getting back to Florence.' As he passed through the hall, he turned deliberately and looked about him. 'A nice old staircase.' he said. 'You can't say you haven't plenty of room; that's why you put the parti tion up, I suppose? Well, good4-ye, Fairford. I hope you'll give us a look up again before long; and don't cut away so early the next time you come. Ta-ta.' Owen Fairford re-entered his dining room, and walking to the fireplace, ,rested his head in his hands. There was no one to see his face, but had there been a spectator, he would have needed a hard heart indeed not to sympathise with its utter misery. Nor did Arnold appear entirely pleas ed by the interview. 'I wish now I had taken your ad vice, and stayed at home, Floy,' he said, after luncheon. 'That's the worst of me — I never see things until ifs too late. Not but tihat I gained something. I had very little doubt before, but now I'll stake my life she lives there — 'behind that partition up stairs. I'd give something for a quar ter of an hour behind it Still, I ad mit I made a mistake; I showed my hand, you see.' 'I— I don't quite understand,' Flo rence answered. 'Well, of course, he knows I'm on the watch now. He'll keep her close, whoever she is. He'll have to, if he doesn't want me to see her.' CHAPTER XV. After dinner that evening Florence left her cousin to his own resource's, but at 11 o'clock came down from Ann's room to bid Mm good-night. 'Don't let them turn out the lights,' he said. 'It's no use my going yet I may as well make myself comfort able indoors for another hour or more.' She clasped her hands nervously as she looiked down into his upturned face. 'No use going where?' she faltered. 'On the watch, to be sure.' 'Oh, Arnold,' she cried, 'I hoped you had had enough of this.' 'Enough! I haven't begun. Why, Floy, I told you I meant to shadow that woman like death.' 'Never mind what you told me, Ar nold. Don't do it; please don't do it. Oblige me in this. Mr. Fairford was a friend of father's, he is a friend of mine, and this very morning you call ed at his house, and pretended that he was a friend of yours. Please, Ar nold, give in to me in this.' 'Sorry. Floy, but it can't be done,' he answered. 'It puzzles me you take such an ?'ififerestf°irf1'13?e chap. You haven't known him'^thfeW months all told. You go to bed. and when I've discovered the truth, you'll be thankful I stood firm for once in my life.' She turned away very sadly,' and Arnold began to repose upon two chairs. Shortly after midnight, he be came eager to be doing something. It wa-s a cool, fresh nisht. and he turned up his coat collar as he quitted the house. Then he took his stand under the shadow of the large sycamore tree, and fixed his eyes upon the two gates of Forest Prospect. But though, with patience worthy of Joe Bodger, he waited there two weary hours, no sound fell upon his ears save the striking of the distant church clock, echoed by another within the house, the rustling of the leaves,' and the occasional crowing of a restless chanticleer. It was 11 the next morning when he came down to breakfast. 'No luck last night' he said. 'Of course, I put the Johnny on his guard. An awful Juggins I was! Well, Floy, we'll see who tires first.' Arnold Derwent was not the only person in Rookfield who perplexed his mind about the mysterious woman in black. After going dutifully to church on Sunday evening, Lizzie went to her father's cottage, a clean white build ing, with a roof of extremely orna mental thatch, standing at a conve nient distance from the churchyard— the field of Mr. Mogford's labors for so many years that, at least as far as the living were concerned, he regarded that domain as virtually his own pro perty. 'It's my opinion you see a ghost, Liz,' said Mrs. Mogford, the only black-haired member of the family. 'I've seen 'em myself, come to that Take the night before poor Aunt Lotty died.' 'It wasn't no ghost,' declared John, the eldest son; 'I never saw a ghost I lay she'd holloa if I laid hold on her.' John followed up the assertion with a loud guffaw, as he drew his huge boots farther beneath his chair. 'If it. wasn't a ghost,' said Mrs. Mogford, 'I don't see no harm done. A person can walk what time she likes and no harm done, if so be she is a person. What do you say, father?' 'I say the same as you say, Emma,' answered Mogford, who from long exj perience found this a plan which sav ed trouble and ill-feeling. He was a thick-set, bow-legged; dreary-faced man, with a shock of bright red hair, and an invariable smell of earth about his clothes. 'We'll soon find out that 'ere,' said James, the younger born. 'How's that, Jim?' asked Lizzie. 'How are you going to find out?' 'Watch and see, Liz. Ain't that reason? If you want to find out what a thing is, just look at it and there y'are. You're in It, John?' 'Fan there, James.' 'I don't know but what ril make another,' said Mogford, senior; 'eh, missus?' . r Between a desire to afford her rash offspring the natural protection of their father and to preserve her hus band from ? danger, Mrs. Mogford wa vered; but at Last the plot was hatch et/? -a.Ti^ T.iwzin +n1H T^lnT^Tm** oil a.Vtniif it on Monday morning. Later in the day, meeting Owen Fairford dn the village, Florence stopped. He seemed entirely to have forgotten his emlbar ifassment at The Rookery the other ii^ght, and after some casual remarks asked after Ann, ' ''She is dying fast,' was the reply. '|-r. Viret jaoubts whether eke will live Enough the day. I should not Stave left her. only he insisted that I should come out for half an hour.' ??';'TW:hen presently her small hand rest ed a. moment in his rather large one, she longed yet did not dare to warn l&m; of tie rod in pickle. Not only .was Arnold on the watch, but the Mogfords also; and, between them, surely Owen must be compelled to suffer. And there -was another, still more vigilant, entirely unsuspected either by Florence or Owen. Joe Bodger, having gained an inkling of the Mog ford scheme at the Lion, regarded it -is a design to take the bread out of his own open mouth. But when, about 5 o'clock, the clouds which had been lowering all day ..burst furiously over Rookfield, Joe rejoiced. If the. Mogfords were so Ill-advised as to turn out, they would secure only a ducking for their pains; nobody else was likely to follow their example. (Te be eotttifflued. i ' 