ITEMS OF NEWS. Tlio Prainior lias accopted Mr Murray Smith's nmbndinciit on tho tariff as a motion of want of cofideuco. The rule is fur the Council to sus pend business when tlio Ministry is challenged, but that House will go on witli work to-day as if untiling had happened. In the Assombly the Attorney-General will move for leave to bring iu 'the Mildura Rating Bill, and to have it read a first time, so tlmt tlio measure may lie printed and circulated. The House will, after thu ques tions have been replied to, go into conimittuo of the whole to resume thu debate on thu tariff proposals of the Government. Tho Women's Franchise - League meet this afternoon, when a roport will bu road upon what hits been effected in procuring names to tho peti tions. A concort will lie givon this evening in tho school-room of St. Mary's .Church, in aid of the funds of' thu choir,' Afterwards a dunce will be held, which will ; lie a moans of lively pleasure to many. ' Mrs Holt begs to return her sincoro thanks to thu Rev E. A. Crawford, Messrs Odgers, Las- cellos, Elliott, Spicor, Ramsay, and all those who assisted or contributed to the fund for hor- self and family. Contracts for the supply of prisoners' rations have been onturud into by thu following : — Chowton, E. IC. Jacka Guildford, J. T. Phil- per ; Maidon, 0. Gunnel! ; Malmsbury, F. M. O. O'Hanlbn ; Redesdale, II. Hulni. Tho young man Robert M 'Amery, alias M'Camoy, alias Clancy, will appear at thu Police Court to day to answer a cliargo of having stolen liquor , from! Mitchell's Bridge Inn, near tho Botanical Gardens. Tho police have ascertained that tlio accused was previously convicted. The hope is expressed that whon our Parlia mentary, representatives bring under tho notice of the Minister of Railways to-day tho facts anent thu remuneration paid to the navvies at the railway embankment near the Castleinaino station, Mr H. R. Williams will see the equity of tho men heing paid 0s per day, instead of 5s. : Mr R. W. Smith who lias boon bond teacher of tho Maidon State 'School for soveral years, and been recently promoted to tlio charge of tho Eontscray school, lias been presonted by tlio chairman of tho Board of Advice (Mr W. Seeds man), on behalf of thu parents of t.lio children and tho other teachers in the seliooi, with a liaiidsonio gold chain and locket as a small re cognition of esteem iu which ho was held. Another old pioneer, Mr Joseph Bronifiuld, an arrival in tlio colony in 1852, passed away last night. In thu early d-iys ho directed his energies to mining, and chose good ground for his operations at Spring Gully, Fryers Crcok, where ho resided for years. Ho afterwards removed to Campbell's Creek, and was at one time in tho employ of Mr Hobby, storekeeper. He was well-connected at home ; one brother is a doctor iu good practice and another a bank manager in Liverpool. Ilo bad reached tlio age of G3, and had for several years been residing with Mr Sainuol Nicholls. Ho suffered from rheumatism, but tho causo of his death wii3 phthisis. Last week statements were published concern ing the purity of tho water supplied to Bondigo and Eaglehawk from tho Cobban channel. Mr Stuart Murray, tho Chief . Engineer, states that if tlioro is the slightest ground of justification for the .statement that the water contains poisonous matter the Department will have a thorough inquiry to ascertain tlie oause of tho pollution. 1-Ie has also written to asoertain if tho water at Beudigo is being treated witli limo to purify it, and if , not why tho prnotice has been discon tinued. Mr Murray pointed out that some years ag>> a similar complaint was made regarding tho purity of tlie wator supplied from the Oolibnn, and Dr Katz, of Sydn'oy, made a thorough analy sis, which showed that- 'that supplied to the centres of populationvlike Beudigo and Castle niaiuo, where it was purified with lime, was ex ceedingly good; while tho' water supplied to oilier places was not injurious to' houltli, although not so pure. At a special meeting ' of the OftRtloiniiinu. Fruitgrowors' Association, huld at tlio local Town Hall oh Saturday, to consider ' tlio hill to come boforo Parliament relating to vogetation, it was decided to urge on the Minister of Agriculture, and tho memliers of Parliament representing this and tho Maidon districts tlio desirability of Having considerable alterations niado in it. It was pointed out that fourteen days' notice to cradicato disease from nu orchard was not long enough. It was contended that thoro should bo; at liinst twonty-eight days' notion givon, as most! of the work would have to be done in tho winter months, and it would bo useless to spray or use other. means for tho eradication of insect posts iu .wet weather. It isalso thought that the defining of the boundaries of fruitgrowing districts may ho arranged by the Gnvornor-in-Oounoil, bub that local ; boards should bo elected by tho fruit growors from amongst thcmsolvcs, as if it wero; left as . now provided for in tho Aot, tho Go-: vernor-in-Council would not ho so well ablu to : select such suitable men as fruitgrowers could. Our Guildford correspondent writes Thoro! being no Board of Advice fur tho East and Nortli Ridings of Nowstend Shire, tho Board of Advico for the Guildford Riding of Mount Alexnudur: Shire received a notice " to considor the question ! of altering the milliner of working snhnnis in- the- district, viz., the Strnthloddon and Guildford schools." A meeting of the board was hold on Saturday, when Mr Stewart, an nllicor of the Education Dopartmuut, was presont, and pointed out that- tho amalgamation of tho two schools would save L200 yearly. Tho hoard, however, strongly objected to the amalgamation, and passed a resolution to that effect. As thu schools have been regraded, tho board had no objeotion to other tenohers being appointed to thoin, which would save L100 per annum, and by closing two; small qchools lielow Guildford, and oonveying | tho children to the township, a further saving of ; L100 could be_effectod.: The cost of thu Guilds I ford school, with about 70 schoinrs, is L317, and that of Strnthloddon, with ft few moro pupils, L304 8s. — The mllucnza is rampant just now, ' whole families being niHioted, young as well as old.— Considerable annoyance is felt by soveral . ; valuablo dogs being poisoned. ' : Thoj Charities' Commission agreed - at their last meeting to recommend ' the levying of.n tax of 5 per cent, on amusomcnts for the -purpose of 'maintaining tlio various benevolent instituv tions."!, . - . - y Thomas Cliamuoy, a travellor for the Castlo- mainu Brewory, on Saturday died at tho . Club Hotel, Salo. , I-. J. R. Smith, of Box Iiill, after enjoying. a iicariy nioal on -Saturday, sat down by the fire, and was liliout to Might his- pipe whon. ho fell forward from his chair on to bhoV floor quito dead. 7 !; ... Mr. Duffy, the PostmasteriGoiicrai, . is concen trating, his attention .upon the shutting up of country - post-bilicos' which- arc deemed uunoccs- sary. As far as lio can gather at present, ho will bo" able to nrrougc for the closing of 150 offices.' At a consultation of medical men it was decided that the loft leg of Oounbillor Heinz, tlio Mayor of. Bendigii,; ivliieli is affected by. a \ malignant' tumour, must be .amputated at an early date iu order to save ids life. ' At the rifio matoli between the Wiiliamstown Artillery and the Beudigo Militia tlio former won by GO points, tlio total scores beiiig 80!) and 749 respectively. The members of the Sydney Masters' and En gineers of Harbour mid River Stoamors' Associa tion liavo given a donation of L100 towards tile dufuueo of Georgo Dean. At a meeting of tlie Bulii colliury disaster ro- lief fund it was stated that tlio sum of LI!), 750 was in hand, and was. invested iu Govorniucut funds, stocks, mid bank deposits. Tho girl Ett.y Jeffreys, for assaulting whom an old man named Scott, and a Chinese named All Coney aro now uudur remand, lias died iu tlio Beudigo Hospital from typhoid fover. Ilor dying depositions wero taken somu time ago. She was only 14 years of age, and lind given birth to a child. Tlie Mildura Horticultural Society, instead of holding their usual annual show in iVIilduiu this year, have decided to hold a citrus carnival and dried fruits exhibition in Melbourne (lur ing August, and to invite intercolonial competi tion. A man named Thomas Madigan, 70 years of age, who was undergoing a sentonco of six mouths' imprisonment for vacancy, lias died from epilepsy in the Ballarat gaol. A few years ago Madigan had 'both hands amputated at the wrists in eonsequenou of injuries sustained ivbilo engaged in job-driving in the Yarrn. The Government lias decided to submit tlio Malice Lauds Bill to Parliament as soon as pos sible after tlio delivery of the Budget. Some idiotic individual h is been playing the ghost iu tho Essotidun district, and the appari tion is causing nearly as much alarm as the Warriiambool lire fiend.". Ilo has a skull and cross-bones emblazoned in phosphorous oil a white ground, and this is exhibited in lonely, places to old people and children. All sorls of traps have been set for him, hut he litis succeeded iu eluding tho vigilance of his would-ho captors, and ono or two who liavo essayed to tackle liiiu singlelianded have had rather a bad timu of it. The Orient Company's Royal mail Bteamer Opbir, with the English mails to May 24tli, at'-, rived at Albany on Friday evening, and sailed at- midnight. Shu should roach Adelaide to-day, and her mails should lie delivered tn-inurrow. It lias been reported to tlie Sydney polico that tlio well-known- firm (if joivellers, Messrs Stewart, Dawson, and Co., of tho Strand Ar- cado, wero last Friday .night robbed of a box of diamonds containing precious stones to tlio valuo of over L1500. From what is known it appears that tho box was placed in li certain part of tho shop on Friday aftoruoon, and that; during thu evening they ivuru abstracted from tlio box. Percy Gill, twonby years of ago, de scribed as a watchmaker, and Alfred Gill, eigh teen, described as a painter, wero brought beforo Captain Fishor at the Central Police Court, at. Sydney, yesterday, charged with being concerned iu stealing forty-three gold rings, sot with diamonds, valued at L1500, tho property of David Stewart Dawson, and remanded till 12th July. More arrosts arc oxpected. A shockingly sudden death ivns reported to llin polico ou Saturday ovening, and regret was expressed generally in tho South Melliourno police division whon it was learned that tha victim was Mr J.'M. Maudo, thu clerk of petty sessions at South Melbourne, Port Mulhournu, and St Kilda. Mr Mando and his wife lmd been into tho city, and were returning to their homo at Armadillo, by tram and omnibus. While in the Armadillo omnibus Mr Maudo, ivlm had been apparently in good health and choorful spirits, buenmo ill, and within three, minutes fell dead in the arms of his wife. . Tho railway trafiis receipts for last week total L3G,G9G. The amount received during the cor responding woek last year was L3S,SG2 Is 7d, showing a decrease of L21G6 Is 7d. According to a cablegram, the now British Administration is to lie a Coalition Ministry, headed in tho House of Lords by tlie Marquis of Salisbury and tlio Duko of Devonshire, and in tho House of Commons by Mr A. J. Balfour and Mr Chamberlain. It is feared that a striko will tnka place at tho Coal Creok Proprietary mine. Ou Saturday a large meeting was hold to consider the " oavil" question, and yesterday the manager of the mino refused to allow about 40 miners -who attended tlie meeting to start work. Alice Smith, a child 11 years of ago, who: resided with her parents at the Koo-ivoo-rup Swamp, was admitted to Iho Melbuuruo Hospi tal on Saturday, suffering from tho effects of! burns sustained through hor clothes catching fire' whilo she was cooking. .Her injuries were: gonoral and serious, and sho died ou Sunday. A groat deal of distress exists in tho sugar, districts of New South Wales, as a number ofi unemployed liavo made thoir way there in search! of work. Local labour, however, is so plentiful ' that tho new arrivals are unable to secure en gagements. and are only saved from starvation' by tho bounty of the residents. At the last meeting of tlio Council of tho; Churches it was agreed to hold a Christian con-: gross, commencing on 8th July. The conference; will ho continued on the afternoons and evenings of tho 8th and 10th, and tho subjects to ho dis cussed will include co-opcratiou of thu Churches v. Competition, Gambling, tlio Relation of tile Churches to the Social Problems of the Day. A meeting of the croditors of tlie Very Rev J. T. Marriott, Dean of Bathm-st, was held at Bnthurst on Friday hist, when the liabilities woru shown to ho L4G00 and tho assets L1585. Tho Dean's insolvency arose out of a Masonic lodge building ereotod in tlie town, the bankrupt being cnlled upon to pay the wholo of thu liability as ono of the trustees. A serious accident lias befallen Mrs Spurting, ' a well-known old lady, residing at Burwood-roaa, : Auburn, who is now in her 104th yenr. Though vory foolile, sho was still able to get about, evon to tho extent of taking an occasional walk iu the street. A fow nights since, iu passing from one room of her houso to another, she stumbled, and falling heavily to the floor, snapped the largo bone of her arm. The fall also caused severe shook to tlio nervous system. Dr Morrileos set the injured limb, and under bis' treatmunt tbo old lndy is progressing as favourably as can bo expected. The proposal of the Minister of Agriculture to test tlio markets of Hong Kong and Japan by a shipment of live stock will probably bo carried into effect at an early date if reasonable freight can bo arranged for. Last week a representa tive of Messrs Pearson, Rowo, Smith and Co., the well-known stock and station agents, waited on Mr Tavernor, mid . stated . that a client of thoira was prepared to aupply 12 head of good oattle to be forwarded by the a.s. Guthrie, whioh sails next mouth, if the freight' was. not too high. . Should thu cattle be exported to Japnn tho rosult of tha shipment will ho watched with interest, as it may lead to tho development' of n large trade in live stock. 