GEMS OF THOUGHT. Eesignation is putting God between one's self and one's grief.— Madame Swetchine. The shorter one's creed the better. ' Simply to Thy cross I cling ' is enough for me. — Gen Armstrong. There are three E's in the Bible — Ruin by sin ; Redemption by Christ, and Re generation by the Holy Ghost — D. L. Moody. The Barn's Horn says, that ' if some people knew the sun had spots on it, they would almost worry themselves to death.' Mankind, like Gaul, is divided into three parts: Those who know how to do it; thoBe who do it, and those who criticise the other two. Wherever souls are being tried and ripened, in whatever commonplace and homely ways, there God is hewing out the pillars for his temple. — PMllips BrooTcs. How near muBt a person live to me to be my neighbour ? Every person is near to you whom you can bless. He is the nearest whom you can bless most. — William Ellery Clianning. ' Too much beer for the head of the family, and too little bread for the rest of the family,' That is what someone says is the cause of much of the labor trouble in this country. To resist temptation, think of God. Nothing ever appears out of its true light so long as we have God in view. It is the thought of God in the heart that keeps the thought of sin out. A house built on sand is, in fair weather just as good as if brtilded on a rock. A cobweb is as good as the mightiest chain cable when there is no strain on it. It is trial that proves weak and strong — BeecTier. The benefits of the new passport system for the interior of Eussia, which came into force on the 1st of January; will be extended to the clergy of all oree ds and confessions excepting those of the Romon Catholic Church. David Livingstons made this resolve in early life : — ' I will place no value on any thing I have or may possess, except in re lation to the kingdom of Christ. If any thing I have will advance the interests of that kingdom, it shall be given or kept, as by keeping or giving it shall most promote the glory of Him to whom I owe all my hopes both for time and eternity.' 