Tricks Played by Plants. Dr. Lundstrom has recently described some 'cases or alleged plant mimicry. The culti vated plant known as calendula may in dif ferent conditions produce at least three dif ferent kinds of fruit. Some have sails, and are suited for transportation by the wind; while others have hooks, and catch hold of passing- animals; -but the third kind exhibits a more desperate dodge, for it becomes like a caterpillar! Not that the fruit knows any thing- about it, but if it be sufficiently like a caterpillar, a bird may eat it by mistake, the indigestible seeds will be subsequently sown, and so the trick succeeds. The next case is more marvellous. There is a more graceful wild plant, with beautiful delicate Sowers,- known to many as the cow- wheat. Ants are fond of visiting the cow-wheat to feast on a sweet ban quet spread out upon the leaves. Dr. Lundstrom has observed one of these ants, and was sur prised to see it making off with one of the seeds from an open fruit. The ant took the seed home with it. On exploring some ant nests, the explorer soon saw that this was not the first cow-wheat seed which had been similarly treated. Many seeds were found in the ant nurseries. . The ants did not eat them or destroy them; in fact, when the nest was disturbed the ants saved the seeds along' with their 'brood, for in size, form, color, and weight, even m minute particulars, the seeds in question resemble ant cocoons. Once placed among the cocoons, it requires a better eye than an ant has to distinguish the- tares from the wheat. In the excitement of flitting, when the nest is disturbed, the mistake is repeated, and the seeds are also saved. The trick is found out some day; for the seeds, like the cocoons, awake out of sleep. The awakening- displays the fraud. . The seeds are thus . supposed to be scattered ; they germi nate, and seem to. thrive in the ant nests. The practical jotoer familiarly term ed 'cjie. ghost' has not yet. been cap-[ tnredic; (says the Melbourne 'Argus').. He h-s been reported from almost; every Isnburb, and. a few nights ago he had a narrow escape in Collingwood. Several score of people gave him chase, but he succeeded in getting away. Had he been caught he would doubt less have been prevailed upon to cease his stupid conduct His methods are similar to those ??- of the 'ghosts' and 'spring heel jacks' of past years. He wears an overcoat orulsterj and when in conveniently dark places throws the coat or ulster open, displaying to the gaze of women or children a.phpsphpr us-painted coffin on. his breast) with the words written across it, 'Prepare to. meet thy doom:':. Several' children have been frighten^i^Mitldf ;.iheir wits by the man, and he' 'Ifes^beeoine such a 'nuisance that ihe pplSce^geranxibus to lay hands upon him. . The last one of the 'ghosts' who was cud to earth was a medical student. V A revolver; shot fired by a horseman whoin be had tried to terrify finished, his career. It did him no bodily harm, Jjut it scared htm so badly that he: gave up 'flaying jokes. . A lad named. Sydney Erring ton, was arrested at South Ifarra' on Tuesday night charged .with insulting behavior. He was masquerading in' a peculiar costume, which gave the im- : pression at' the tim6|thaj; he was the 'ghbst' - This was::ipjandj;:tb be a false impressioih, as *is fi^lpf display ixfc'a Tarn o' Shanfer 'hat, spectacles, and a false beard was his first' ;'essay in: the foolish busineM, '^i:'J'-^.-^\ ' ? 