PATTER PARS. The Upper House will make a virtue of necessity and back down. Parliament has not lost its most invet erate bore-Mr. Afflcck. The Speaker's white-haired boy also came back victorious-Harry Levien. John McElhone and Jawbone Nield- are resurrected. At least a few good men were rejected: at the general election. Ninian Melville will never woo the coal miners again. All the directors of the late Daily Post: were rejected as candidates. Said, that Editor Ellis of the Daily Post will fcaire the lead of a Sunday paper in Ofctober.. Leprosy is increasing at an' alhrming. rate throughout Australia. . The current wheat crop at Manitoba. (Canada), is 30,000,000. bushels. Veteran Parkes is understood to be in consolable and very irritable.. . How many ex-members bitterly bewail the fact that they were even induced' to1 adopt politics ?' . ' . Parkes and his little party are talking, of making a little assembly of their, own.. They only want a revenue to start. Parliament will probably meet for. the despatch of business on the 13th of August. The new governor of N.S.W. will pro .bably prove a second Carrington. Parliament has lost its athlete and foot baller. The- quiet inoffensive Jupp> J Gardiner. Premier Reid may now. look forward to> an earlyTCC.MI.G'.-ship with'certainty. The highly intelligent electors of Mo long are once more represented by that, accomplished orator-Dr. Ross; Crick's latest ambition is become leader." of the Opposition. More haste less speed,, Paddy The temperance party at least voted'/ for men-not measures-ofgrog. Mr. Joe Chamberlain-promises to-prove: the.best friend-the producers of: Australia-, ever Had1. 1 The National Ass. is-about to give upN the ghost. But then it never lived-it: only existed. The gold, yield: of Victoria for last: quarter shows an increase of 15,854- oz.. compared with. the. first quarter of the year,. I Afterallr the general-elections have not-: considerably altered the personnel of Par liament.. L Will any of the- new members-make? their mark- in the present Parliament ?. There is a. large-vacancy for talent. x With Dibbs, Parkes, 'Copelah.l,' audi Wise out of the field, Lyne has Jiis.oppor.--. t-unity for leadership.. . Crick, M'eaglier, and'.Bull rule tlie lower legal roost in Sydney. They triumph over the courts ancLnow. they.-invade thpr sacred- precincts of 'Parliament. "Too many lawyers in the House,"' says an old politician ; "never^et. proper legislation with a parcel of attorneys argu ing about, nothings," ; ' . What's in- a name ?' Dean Stretch is; the name of a Ballarat ciergyman. Wev nearly had a Dean " stretch." in Darling hurst, the'other.day. It is a general opinion-that Sir George: Dibbs's political career- has closed.: Mr. Copeland. is vcty. anxious" to es tablish. ai morning protectionist news paper; The blockade at Truth, office against" the bailiffs threatens to be'as prolonged.as; the siege of Paris. The business which takes most money; over tlie counter in Sydney at present re ceives 10 times more silver and 20 times, less gold and.notes than; it did two years; ago. .. ^ . ' Eddy- hopes 'to make his salary-good, out of the Reidi victory;. Tlidi general opinion is that the Chief Commissioner has imbued our railways with all he knows and his late holiday trip cannot have; been-a very edifying one. A great American mining expert is in:: Sydney. The mines in, -the Lucknow/ district are occupying his,attention at the: present time. Memories of the golden .. days- of Day-. -, lesfordi Victoria, are revived by the- luck: of a fossiker who picked' up a. nugget in-: the old- workings worth nearly £,iooot George Dean is- forgotten-.. ' He is- urn noticed even by the passengers; on- the; Northi Shore boat.. Such is fame. The; popular upheaval against Judge Windbyer' has likewise subsided1. . An endeavour is being madfe to-have-. McMillan's- seat declared vacant on the?, ground! that his- long." absence from: the? colony disqualifies him; Dr. Ross,, M.L.A., calls upon the Coun cil to defy the- Government and reject, land; taxation, otherwise there will Be the: most horrible revolution, on, record. David Syme, o£ the Melbourne age, is; on a Visit to Sydney. He is suspected'of a- desire to establish a " Thunderer " ira N.S.W. - It is expected" that Sydney wilt boomi under a Fireetrade policy. - The country districts will, have to produce for the food: markets of the world1, and- the State- musfc aid the producers to reach these markets R. D. Meagher evidently thought he | was the hero of the metropolitan elections. He drove through the streets of Sydney I in a "waggonette, headed.by a brass band" ! and doffed his hat to the bewildered thousands who swarmed the streets on polling night. Citizens of Sydney boa«t that they enn get along well enpngh without tlie assis tance of the country. Nearly every item of food supplies may be more chaeply im^ ported." Mr. W. J. Lyne will not . be a brilliant leader of }he Opposition, but he is*a* mbrei; popular man than Sir George Dibbs. Ha, is more liberal and does not look so harcjt^ at a sovereign before-he parts withiC'y,! C 