Pars jn Parliament. Tho anniversary of the greafchattto over the passing of tho "Coercion Act " was celebrated in tho Houso fast night by u little bit of a rough and tumblo between Mr. Leahy and tho Chair man of Committees. Tho hon. member rose to propose tho insertion of h now oluiiso to pro- vide for tho granting of free railway pusses ior life to MM.L.A. of overfivcyears'atandingjintb the Railways Acta of 1888 and 1894 Amendment Bill. But Chairman Anncar, . who had a troubled look on his lioncst countenance, gave the House a rude shock by rilling that tho amendment was out of ordoi, because it was not, in bin opinion, . iu accordance with tho principles of tho hill. Hoopla ! When Maryborough's pet sat down you could luivo heard a pin drop. But it whs just for a moment. Tho Buuooito was up at once with astonishment and thiB mar bo "rit large'/ on his expansivo hrow. How could tho qraondraent be irrelevant wbon .it . was an amendment of tho principal Act which, tho bill hoforo tho Houso was introduced to umond? On that hung tho wholo of theweary- discussion which followed. >. . For three dismal hours the time of the House was wasted. On no previous occasion this session has such ah unnecessary delay of' public business occurred. As soon as hon. members saw that tho matter was serious they cleared the decks for uotion. Mr. Leahy at once moved that the Chairman's ruling be disagreed with. Then all tho copies of "May" within cooce wore bnudled into tho House, mid here, there, and eveiywhcro wore gathered littio groups of lion, membors hunting up pre cedents and rulings and such liko things. Tho Premier was armed to the . teeth with ex tracts from tlio infallible May," and quoted by the yard from1 English constitutional authorities to back up tho Chairman. He must: have been uwuro of the Chairman's intention to sit on the amendments. . Such insinuations wore made and hinted at, but tho Trimo Minister unblushihgly 'denied each soft im peachment us it came along. Beyond doubt nino-tonths of the House were against tho Chairman and tho Premier. If the bill was introduced to amond tho Railway Act, wliy say that a new clause which contained an amendment of that Act was not in accordance with tho principles of tho Amending Bill ? ! But tho diplomatic Mr. Nelson slipped out of his difficulty very neatly, ' and' hood winked tho Opposition as nicely as pos-' siblc. If a division had been'.htkcn he would havo gono down badly, so ' ho sug gested that tlio discussion bo postponed so as to get further information, and to hunt up , more precedents, to wasto moro time, to put off the decision as to the Tightness or otherwise of the Chairman's ruling until it was lost sight of, and never heard of a«ain. . ( . .. And astuto Charlie, the Leader of Her Majesty's Opposition, fell into tho trap 'aiid. knuckled under without a smile. The only objec tor was theFlinders fighter, who disagreed with, Mr. Leahy's withdrawing his motion that Mr. Aimear's ruling be disagreed with until the Chairman bud absolutely withdrawn his ruling, und not only temporarily as was proposed; riuekily he fought tho wholo Houso singlo- kundcduntilutluHthcgothisvray, andhcdc.scrveH all credit for it. So at 20 minutes to 8 o'clock the. ruling was withdrawn, and tho business of the House was then practically at precisely tho same stage it stood at 20 minutes to 4 o'clock. Tho House always looks sad when tho only member for North Brisbane tries to be jocular. He is a funny man, is Mr. Kingsbury. Oh ! he is a funny man. Aud lust night ho was at his jokes again, and tho House was sadder tbun ever. Slap bang, in the middle of some bou. member's speech, ho rose to a point of ordor. Another point of order ! Great Cesar's ghost ! Things were getting mixed. Let us seo what it was. With the standing orders in one hand, and a hrinklo in his glassy eye, ho pointed out that if standing ovderswcrotobeso8trictlyobeyed. that rcforring to reading newspapers in tlio Chamber should bo enforced indiscriminately. "Standing order be——" said someone from tho other side, pulling up just in timo to imply tho blank without uttering rit. " Yes," said tho funny one, " the standing order says that no member shall read a news paper in tho' House for amusomcnt. I want tho Speakor's ruling." And a chorus of Ha ! Ha's. He! He's, and Ho ! IIo's, wont up, all round the Chamber. Then jolly Ahnenr calmly said, " That standing order docs not exist hit the present time, and hon. members will bo quite in order in reading tho newspapers." One fair on the " boko " for you, Mr. Kingsbury, how do you like it? It was too bad attempting to doprivo members of tbo pleasure of reading theso "pars." But such is MHwraith's colleague. Poor M'lhvraith. What is that object trying to squeeze into the Chamber from the library entranco ? Is it a travelling Christy minstrol witli a con certina? All eyes aro turned on it, what is it? Ah ! No ! Yes, so it is. Chataway ! the king of tho cannibal islanders. Ono" almost expects to hear his Salvation Army voice fill tbo chamber with "Here I am Again," or "I'm a Litllo Alabama Cooq." But as lie gets well under tho electric light it i9 seen that it is only overvdaj" Cackling Cliataway after all, and that tho concertina- looking object is a pile of pamphlets. But what aro they? A now sermon for Sunday bv the Iioii. member, or a pamphlet ou " How to increase your oloqucnco by having- your lady friends in tho gallery"? or a treatise on the properties of kanaka bonedust as a sugav-oano -manure ? or perhaps an odo to himself, to tho chief of . tbo "Hansard," or to the hon. member for Burke, f Hon. members look on anxiously, .while. .tho. mysterious pile, fully four fcot long, is placed gently on the end of tho front MinistCrihl cross bench. Then it was discovered to lie mi innocent collection of "Hansards./' Mr. Archer looked a bit nonplussed when hej.qamo iu. The pilo of " Hansards " was oeenpying his seat. Ho did not like tho look of it ; touched it gingerly, sat down beside it, - put on his bah and cogitated. 4 When at last Mr. Leahy got to work with bis amendment ro tho railway passes, it wuh amusing to watch how differently lion, members viewed tho proposal. It resulted in ono goed thing if in nothing else. Castor and Pollux, who represent Gyinpic, wore in unison for once. All hail tho millennium. Mr. Smyth spoke warmly aguinst the granting of theso life passes. Then tho man with tho luugh rose and said, "If there ir oiio thing that I can agrco with my colleague ou it is hi objecting to tlio now clause." This observation Mr. Fisher followed up with a sound argument against the proposal. It was extraordinary to seo how tho opinion of hon. members changed wliou Mr. Tozur said that ho iutcuded to vote for tho gruuting of life, pusses to fivo-ycar-old mornberH. Mr. Kings bury led off by coolly intimating that lie bad told Mr. Leahy that ho would vote against bis clause, "but now I am proparedto vote for it." And others followed,. Has tho gcutlo reader, over seen sheep . being put ou board a steamer? First ono poor little owe lumb is led by tho. seruit' of tlio neck ulong tho gang way,.. and all tho. other little shccpy-pecpics follow. It's a protty sight. 60 was tho littio follow- thc-lcudor episodo last night. Mr. Fisher during tlio evening pointed out that after ho wuh elected for Gymme go travelled a good deal ou tho ruilwoy, 'una paid his own fare. Ho looked rouud tlio House proudly ub ho said it. Then Mr. Kingsbury got at .him. He said, "An lion, mombor who, after ho luis been elected to a seat In this Parliament, pays, his own railway faro is not fit to. represent; a' commercial constituency," and quietly iiddod, "But the lion, member lms boon Ibiig qnougli in the House to know better now." And the House guffawed wliilo conacientioiiH froggy croaked. After Mr. Thomas bad ineffectually en deavoured to amend tlio now clause by grunting freo railway pusses only to members who bnd been 25 years iu tlie House, tho do- hate cume to an end. Luring the course of it9 progress it was painful to watch the agitation of tlio hon. 'member for Bnlloo. Hoonnvnssed every member, pf .tho. House for his vote. Jack Hamilton wiis en listed to assist him, and Billy O'ConneU,' with a division list in his hand, sat ou tlio buck Iwuoh, mid ticked off the names tlicrcon,'. us tho eahvassors reported progress ,Tho .'result was that tho'new clause was carried by 88 to 20.-'' Oilier amendments as proposed for Mr. Wilkinson, by Burko's lion, member, wero put and carried ; on ono occasion tlio Government being dofeated by the Minister for Lands vot ing with tho " faction," tho division being 15 to 14 against tho Government. Tho Hon. Mr. Barlow looked very uncomfortable. "Mint a' nico littio wigging ho would got from his col- leagues after the Houso adjourned. 