MAGPIES ON THE MURRAY. Far away in tho hills where tho Murray River rises there is a pretty valley where the wattles bloom In tho spring and the wild flowers wait in vain for the ahildrcn to piok thorn, tor this particular vnlloy is far away from whero the train goes, and there are scarcely any people 1 1 li ! n rv fltava Th ! vnot Mia un.f> nf nlaflfl ftlflti the old fashioned fairies used to liva in. It is not of tho fairies I am going to speak this time, ohlldron, but about a Mr. and Mrs. Magpie, who last spring built their neit in a groat big gum troo that grows by the side of tho ltlvor Murray. Tlia treo is there now, aud if you liko to go there you can sea it any timo. That shows you that this is a true story, for if it were not so, the troe wouldn't bo there, would it ? . Well, Mr. Magpio always went out early in tbo day, after ho had sung bis morning song, and before breakfast was ready, to bunt for worms and such like tit-bits for Mrs. Magpie, who was particularly engaged jnsfc then in hatch ing some little eggs iu the nest, and of course she could not attend to tho housekeeping at that time or the eggs would bo spoilt. Aftor a week or two, four ugly, nakod little creatures came out of the shells. They had not a ghost of a feather amongst the lot, and they kept on opening their mouths all day long. At first thoir mother thought they were trying to sing like they henrd their father do; bnt she soon found out that wan not what they did it for, but to get mora grabs and worms put down thoir throats. Mr. Magpio soon stopped their noise, for he had happened to come across somo particularly fat grubs in a hole in a box tree, and when tho young ones grew move than usually noisy he would ily straight off to this tree and bring home quite a big load of grubs for them, One day when they were a little older Mr. and Mrs. Magpie had an invitation to dine with the Miss Curlews, who lived in a swamp oloso by. The Miss Ourlows were very fashionable birds, for they were going to have tadpole pie, with grasshopper fixings, and of course Mr. and Mrs. Maggie were anxious to be there to meet all the other fine company. I havo not time to tell you about the dinner party to-day —some otuor time poruaps— as I want to get on with the Aooount of what happened during the old people's absenoe from home. Thoy told tbe children to be very good andquict while they were away, aud as there was no firo that thoy oould get at their mother thought she might safely leave them for a little white ; then off Mr. and Mrs. M. flow to tho dinner party. The young magpies wcro very quiet for a time, but presently tho eldest ono said to the others, " Suppose wo have a bit of fun 1 Let's see if wc can fly." Tbo other little birds, of oourse, thought this a vory good joko, nnd out they all came to the edge of the nest, but alas ! the silly little creatures wero not strong enough to stand, aud they all toppled over into a thistle bush growing under tho tree where the nest was; and when Mr. and Mrs. Magpie came home soon aftorwards they bad to pick the poor little things up and fly baok into the nest with them. But too worst part of all was, that ono poor little bird had been gobbled up by a hawk, who bad not been invited to the party, nnd wbs on the look out for come dinner, and it was only because the father llew at him so viciously nnd frightened him off that tho othor three birds escaped the same fato. You mny be suro there were many tears shad that night by them all in that nest ! But soon the weather began to get warm, and one day after their dinner was ovor, Mr. Magpio said, "Don't you think, mother, that it is tirao these youngsters should learn to fly ? " "I am sure it is," she replied. "The summer is coming on and I must get the nest swept up and tidied before we leave it, and how can I do that if it is full of littlo ones ?" " All right," he said, " I will take thom out this vory afternoon and tenoh them to fly." You would havo laughed if you could have seen tho littlo creatures awk ward attempts at flying, children, they looked so funny. But, now I como to think about it, I doubt verv muoh whether vou would be able to do it any better yourselves, what do you think? The littlo birds must have been naturally clovor youngsters, for after a few afternoons' praotico they could fiy as well as thoir father, and thon he said to them, "Now, be off children, and eatoh your own worms, I shall havo quito enough to do to tnko enre of myself and your mother, for we are getting old folks and oannot piok up so many worms as wo used to do." So they all left home, and next spring they will make nice now nests of thoir own, and sing and enjoy themselves to their hearts' content, for there are no boys with nasty shanghais there to bothor thom. 