LADY WISHAW'S HAND. By Richard Marsh. PART II. When Martin Brasher went, he left, so to speak, his story behind him. I heartily wished he had not. The story might sound incredible. It might even sound absurd. But there are men, sane men, who are entirely of the opinion that it is quite within the bounds of reason to suppose that there may be, what the world commonly calls, spiritual manifestations - dealings between the seen and the unseen. Of such men, I avowedly, am one. And the idea that there had come to me, from such a death-bed as Colin Wishaw's appeared to have been a gift, which was, in itself, a ghastly gift, and with which was associated such a history - the mere idea, to me, was full of horror. Besides, what had prevented me from speaking ? What was it that had caused that sensation of pressure about the region of my throat, and so stayed me from telling Brasher that the thing for which he was about to seek, all the time, was at his side, within reach of his arm ? What had pinched Nalder ? It was a ridiculous enquiry, perhaps, but what had ? What had scratched Brasher's face ? What had caused the open hand to shut up into a clenched fist, before my very eyes ? Was it because the hand, though dead, was still attached to a living form, though unseen ? Men are made in different fashions. Some men would have found in my situation nothing but pleasurable excitement. For my part I sat in my chair and perspired. I was unwilling to be left alone in my drawing room, even though it was broad daylight. Nothing but shame prevented me from summoning Nalder to come and keep me company. On one point I was resolved, that Lady Wishaw's hand should not remain in my possession. For two hours I endeavoured to summon up sufficient resolution to enable me to rise from my chair, and to go to the cabinet, and to take out the hand, and to pack it up and to return it from whence it came. As I looked back upon those two hours, I am half inclined to wonder how it was, that, as they have it in the nightmare stories, during their passage my hair did not turn grey. All the while I had the consciousness that something was in the room with me. Something seemed to keep stroking the back of my hand - something with the delicate touch of a dainty woman. I knew that the starch was coming out of my linen. I felt that my collar was becoming as limp as a rag. At last, with what, positively, amounted to a frenzied effort, I sprang from my seat, rushed to the cabinet, opened it, and reached out for the hand, and found that it was not there ! There could be no question as to what are the effects of being endowed with too vivid an imagination - in the papers in which I had hastily wrapped Lady Wishaw's hand, before going down to lunch, there was nothing at all. "Nalder ! Nalder !" I scarcely think that I expected him to hear me call. I am under the impression that I scarcely spoke above a whisper. I began to stagger towards the door, intending to go out on to the landing and call him loudly. As I turned, something was placed against my mouth. Something which felt like the slender fingers of a woman's hand. And my lips were sealed ! CHAPTER II. I dined at the club. I am unable to say how I reached it. I know that I did reach it. For me at least, that is sufficient. I had a little table at the third window from the door. Perkins was my waiter. Perkins is not only an excellent waiter ; he is, what is almost of as much importance, an excellent man. I am persuaded that Perkins and I have many things in common. He knows exactly what I like and how I like it. When he tells me what to eat, I eat it, without so much as a hint of amendment. Never yet have I found that the house of my confidence has been built on the sand. I remember that on that particular night, I had one of the finest woodcocks I ever tasted. Plain roast. I almost incline to believe that Perkins must have raised that bird himself, have shot it himself, have hung it himself, and have cooked it himself, he had its history so completely at his finger-ends. Brasher's story, and my two hours agony, had almost faded from my mind. I do not say that the woodcock was wholly responsible, but it had certainly borne its part. I was going to drink my second glass of champagne - I don't care what anybody says, everybody has his own taste, and with woodcock I like champagne. I daresay, in another half minute, I should have thanked God that I was alive. The glass was still on its way to my lips when, without any sort of a warning, in an instant there returned to me that hideous consciousness which had been with me in the afternoon, that something was in the room. I do not mean the waiters, or the diners, and that sort of thing. I wish I did. I mean something intangible, unseen. I put down my glass, untasted. A cold shiver went over me. Then I began to perspire. My feeling was one of the acutest misery. My first impulse, in spite of the woodcock, was to wish that I was dead. In that brilliantly lighted room, with all the people about me, I was afraid. Perkins was at my side. He had his back to me, for some cause or other, at the moment. All at once he faced round to me, with quite a little twirl. To be frank it was not the kind of movement which was becoming to Perkins. One of his great charms is, that he never evinces what I consider indecorous signs of haste. Of an actual twirl, as if he had been a sort of human teetotum, I do not think that he had ever been guilty before. " I beg your pardon, sir ?" I have no doubt that I looked at him with what were lack lustre eyes. I believed that I murmured, " Eh ?" " Did you touch me, sir ?" "Touch you ? What do you mean ?" "I really must ask you to excuse me, sir," - Perkins is an educated man - " but I certainly was under the impression, sir, that you pulled my coat-tails." I pulled his coat-tails ! A waiter's ! I had, after all, over-estimated Perkins' intellectual powers, if he could suppose that I could be capable of such an action as that. But I said nothing. I rose from the table there and then, and went away. I daresay that Perkins thought I was bitterly offended. I should certainly have been justified in being so. Or, perhaps, he imagined that I had suddenly gone mad. I left my second glass of champagne untasted. I did not wait for the sweets - Perkins has an exquisite taste in sweets. His sweets never give me indigestion. I said nothing about his wife. (I always inquire after Perkin's wife, who I understand is paralysed, and as good as dead - when he has seen that I have had a creditable dinder.) I went into the smoking room. I do not know why. I was in no mood to smoke. I take it that I went there simply because, with that intangible unseen something keeping me company, I could not go home. Several men were in the smoking-room. Tolerably comfortable they seemed, as for a moment, I stood at the door and looked around. I envied them. Their contentment with the position in life in which they found themselves placed was so transparently greater than mine. My moving to a seat seemed to create a slight sensation. Each man, as I passed him gave a perceptible start. Again, I don't know why - I had scarcely seated myself before I became aware that something curious was going on. I seemed to have brought with me an element of discord into the room. Those that had seemed so wholly at their ease, as I viewed them from the door, seemed, all at once, to have been attacked by a fit of the fidgets. A most pronounced type of the fidgets, too. The attack seemed to be passing, from one smoker to the other, right round the room. Under cover of an evening paper I pretended to notice nothing. But I did. Man after man sprang up in his seat, and and looked about him with an air of startled surprise. Pranklyn, they call him, to distinguish him from the other Pranklyn - " Picture " Pranklyn - who has a chamber of horrors which he calls his picture gallery. Plain Pranklyn is in his seventies, and would turn the scale, I daresay, at eighteen stone. So when I say that suddenly he sprang up from his seat, as if he had been an india rubber ball, I am aware that the language which I use is strong. " Good God !" he exclaimed. Everybody looked at him. All the room was in a stir. "What is up, Pranklyn ?" asked Sir Gerald Carr. " Who was that caught hold of my hand?" " Caught hold of your hand ? What do you mean ?" " Hanged if I know what I do mean." Pranklyn looked at me, as if he were on the verge of an apoplectic fit. " I know that someone caught hold of my hand and twisted it right round " A man whom I don't know spoke next. " That's odd. A moment before someone, or something, did exactly the same thing to me." "By George!" cried old Jack Brett. " But there's the devil in the room I'll swear that someone nearly pulled me hand clean off me wrist." " And mine !" " And mine !" Nearly ever person present claimed to have undergone a similar experience. There were a score of men turning the smoking room into a Bedlam. I don't know what the committee would have said. I, for my part, sat as if I were glued to my chair. For, directly Pranklyn sprang from his seat, I felt a hand steal into mine, and fingers and a thumb clasp it about. " Hullo," said Carr, " what's gone wrong with you ? You don't look well." I rose from my seat with a palsied start. As I did so, the hand let go. " I'm not feeling well. I - I think that I'll go home." I went home, there and then. As I moved across the room, every man jack of them followed me with their eyes. I don't know if they thought that I had bewitched them, or played some hanky-panky trick. They looked as if they did. As I went along the passage, and down the steps, into the street, I felt someone twitching at my coat-sleeve. I hailed a cab. I bade the cabman drive me home. All the time, as he drove me through the streets, I felt as if there were someone seated beside me in the cab. Someone who continually twitched me by the arm. I doubt if ever there was a sane creature in such a state of mind as I then was. Nalder let me in. He started when he saw my face. " I hope sir, you are not ill ?" "To tell the truth, Nalder, I'm not feeling quite the thing. I think I'll have some brandy in my bedroom, and go to bed." I had the strongest reluctance to go, unaccompanied, up my own staircase. I hung about in the hall until Nalder appeared with some brandy on a tray. Together we went up, he in front, and I behind. I don't know what he thought of me. He is too well trained a servant to betray his feelings in his face. At the same time, he is possessed of too much discernment to have failed to see that my indisposition was of a peculiar kind. Especially, when under one pretext and another, I kept him in my bedroom until I was actually between the sheets in my bed. " Shall I leave the light burning, sir ?" It is a peculiarity of mine that I never can sleep where there is a light in the room. On that occasion my choice seemed to lie between the devil and the deep sea. The idea of being left in the dark filled me with a paralysis of horror. On the other hand, what might I not witness, if the room was light. I chose, mechanically, what I could only hope would turn out to be the lesser evil of the two. " Leave it burning. If I find that it keeps me from sleeping, I will get out of bed and put it out." I did not get out of bed to put it out. Queerly enongh, scarcely had Nalder turned his back, than I fell asleep. I must have done because I remember nothing after he left the room. Nothing, that is, until I awoke. I was not troubled with a dream. I must have slept the quiet, dreamless sleep of tired childhood. What woke me, I do not know, even to this hour. I know that I did wake, find myself in a cold sweat of agony, quivering under the overwhelming burden of some unknown horror. For some moments I was only conscious that the room was still lighted. At first, I seemed to have to gasp for breath. But, by degrees, the curtain of unconsciousness was partly lifted, and I became aware that something was with me in the room. Whatever it was, I cannot say. It was something too, which touched me on the brow, with a light touch, such as we might use to waken a sleeper out of sleep. Only that touch was like the touch of death. I believe that it was the touch of death. Light though it was, under it I could not move. While it remained, I doubt if I breathed. I lay, as I have said, in a cold sweat of agony. When the touch was removed, I closed my eyes. I was afraid of what it was I might see. For what was a period of a few moments, I suppose, nothing happened, thongh I never, for an instant, lost consciousness of the presence which was with me in the room. As I lay with my eyes fast closed, in agony, something - something tangible \- fell on my cheek from above. It had something of the effect of an electric shock. With what I apprehend was an involuntary tension of the muscles of my body, I leaped out of bed on to the floor. I believe that, as I stood on the floor, I cried. Then I stretched out my hands on either side of me, as a blind man might do. Then and only then, I opened my eyes and looked and saw. Leaning over the bed, I saw that, on the pillow on which my head had just been lying, was a ring. I never had a moment's doubt as to the ring's identity. Having seen it once, it was one which I never could forget. It was the ring which had been on the fore- finger of the hand which, according to David Wishaw, his brother Colin had bequeathed me as a legacy. The ring which the dead hand had seemed to resent my attempt to remove from its place, by clenching itself into a fist. Was it possible that it was offered me as a present after all ? Then, by whom ? My heart melted within me, as I realised that it was an offering from the presence which was with me in the room. I shrank away. I extended my arms as if to prevent the ring from coming to closer quarters. As I did so I saw a hand advancing across the pillow from the opposite side of the bed. It was the hand which having once been seen under such peculiar circumstances as I had seen it, was no more to be mistaken than the ring. It was, indeed, the hand to which it belonged. The hand of which Brasher had told such a horrible tale. The hand which according to him had urged to murder through the centuries, and then, when its urging had failed had murdered on its own account. I saw the hand coming slowly across the bed. It at no time touched the pillow but, without any visible support, was in the air at a distance above the pillow, of, perhaps a couple of inches. I saw the dainty fingers close upon the ring. When I saw that, with a spasmodic effort I turned my face away. My glance fell upon the clock which was on the mantel shelf. I noticed, with a singular degree of vividness, that according to that clock, the time was five and twenty minutes to four. A touch came on my arm. I started round. In front of me was the hand. lt was palm uppermost. On the open palm was the ring. It was being held out for me to take. But I would have none of it ; although the chance of becoming the possessor of so genuine and unique a curio was hardly likely to come to me again. I sank back. The hand followed me. It moved quicker than I did. It caught me by the wrist. It pressed the ring against my palm. But still I would have none of it. I made no attempt to close my hand so as to retain the ring within my grasp. Suddenly the something which guided and ruled the hand - never, as I have said for a moment did I lack consciousness of the something which was there - suddenly this something seemed to become annoyed. My persistent, automatic refusal of the proffered ring seemed, in some fantastic way, to give annoyance. All at once, the hand was withdrawn. It was clenched. It was held before me in the air. I saw the ring between the little, dainty fingers. Then with an extraordinary degree of violence, it was thrown against my face. CHAPTER III. "Why are you lying there upon the floor?" It was Brasher's voice. I found, as he said, that I was lying in my night shirt on the floor. I sat up. I saw that the light still burned. " Has it gone ?" " Has what gone ? What has happened to your face ?" I put my hand up to my face. When I removed it was dabbled with blood. It all came back to me - the extreme violence of the movement with which the hand had hurled the ring at me through the air. " The ring !" was all I said. "The ring ? what ring ?" I rose to my feet. I dimly perceived that for some cause, Brasher was almost as much disturbed as I myself. We looked each other in the face. "Pugh!" He caught me by the arm. His hand was shaking. " Where is Lady Wishaw's hand ?" I looked around the room. " Is it still here?" " Here ? where ? For God's sake don't speak like that. Your voice is as hoarse as a crow's." I felt him shiver. " Why did you not tell me yesterday, that you were the present fortunate possessor of Lady Wishaw's hand !" I said nothing. He went on. Owing to his haste or some other cause, he seemed to pronounce his words as if he were temporarily afflicted with an impediment in his speech. "It's been at its devil's tricks again. I've come straight from Wishaw's. David's dead." " Dead ! David Wishaw ! Brasher !" " Don't look at me like that. You look at me as if you were looking at a ghost." Taking out his handkerchief, he wiped his brow. " Yes, David Wishaw's dead. He was the last of the breed. With him all of them have gone. It seems that this morning at a quarter after three-" " When ?" " This morning, at a quarter after three, his servants heard him screaming in his room. When they went to his aid, they could not get to him, because the door was locked. They heard him fighting to and yelling within. They called to him but could get no answer. All was still when the shrieking ceased. They forced the door open. They found him dead. He had been strangled. He was a strong man. He must have fought furiously for his life, because they found him lying in a hideous heap on his bed." " Brasher, Lady Wishaw's hand was with me here at five and twenty minutes to four." " Pugh !" His jaw dropped down. " Yes, Brasher, it was here with me." " Are you sure that you are not mistaken ?" "And because I would not have the ring, which it endeavoured to force on my acceptance, it flung it in my face, with such violence, that it cut my face right open, as you see. I wonder if that ring is anywhere upon the floor ?" No. We searched everywhere. But it was nowhere to be found. After all, the hand had vanished with that ancient gewgaw of a ring. Acting up to the legend, which seemed to me to have been inscribed upon it, Lady Wishaw's hand had taken its own. [The End.] 