THE AROHBISHOPRIO OF ADELAIDE. INVESTITURE OF THE PALLIUM. THE FORMS OF CEREMONY. It will not be long before the ceremony of investing the Most. Rev. Br. O.'Reily, the newly-appointed Archbishop of Adelaide, with the pallium will be performed by his Eminence Cardinal Moran, Archbishop of Sydney, and head of the Catholig Church in Australasia. The investiture will take place at St. Francis Saxier's Cathedral, and it will probably be witnessed by the lieirarchy of the cliurch in the colonies. It may be interesting- to describe.the procedure that must be adopted by Br. O'Reily before his induction takes place. After his appointment, the archbishop-elect is bound to petition the Holy See for the pal lium either in person or by procurator. The postulation takes place sometimes in the con sistory. in which the appointment is made, but generally in some subsequent consistory. VVhen the archbishop - elect petitions per sonally, he . proceeds to the Pontifical throne. After the conclusion of business, accompanied by a consistorial advocate, and kneeling, he. asks the Sovereign Pontiff for the pallium. The words of the petition are—"Most Holy Father, I.N., elect _of the Church of N., peti tion urgently, more urgently, most urgently that there may be coueeded and trans: mitted to me a pallium taken from the body of Blessed Peter, in which there is fulness of Pontifical office." When the in stance is made by procurator, there is of course a slight change in the words. The Pope replies, "We will give it ere long." Popes have sometimes granted the pallium without postulation. If the archbishop-elect is in Jdome the cardinal dean of the sacred college delivers to him the pallium, after mass, in his own-private chapel, after receiving the usual oath of fealty : to the Holy See. When the pallium is obtained by the procurator the cardinal dean, on delivering it, exhorts the procurator to be most diligent in guarding it and to see that it be carefully consigned to the archbishop-elect. When the pallium is conferred outside Rome the Sovereign Pontiff appoints one or two bishops for the performance of the ceremony. - It is delivered in the cathedral of the arch bishop-eleet or in some other church of liis province, if more convenient (unless necessity require another course). Mass is first cele brated. After the communion of the cele brant the pallium is placed in the middle of the altar wrapped in its covering of silk. When mass is over the bishop delegated by the Pope approaches the altar, wearing amice, stole, cope, and mitre, and takes his seat on a faldstool. The archbishop-elect, clad in his Pontifical vestments, as if for the celebration of mass (except, however, mitre and gloves), then kneels before the bishop-delegate and takes the oath of fealty to the Holy See. ■ThedSth having been taken the officiating bishop, wearing the mitre, takes the pallium and places it upon the shoulders of the arch bishop-elect, still kneeling at his feet, saying—, " To the honor of Almighty God, the Blessed Mary ever Virgin, and .the blessed Apostles Peter and Paul, of our Lord Pope 21., and of the holy Roman Church, as well as of the Chureh of- N., which has been entrusted totbee, we deliver to thee the pallium taken from the body of Blessed Peter, in which is the fulness, of the Pontifical office, together with the name and style of archbishop, that thou mayest use. it within thy own churchf.on the appointed days, which are set down in the;privileges granted by the Apostolic See. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen." If two bishops have been delegated for the function by the Holy See the senior of the two Elaces the pallium on theshqulders.of the arch ishop-elect. When this has been done the bishop delegate_ takes off his'mitre and passes to the Gospel side of the altar. Then the arch bishop (he nas now a right to the title) rises, wearing the pallium, ascends the altar, and with head uncovered,- and having his cross be fore him, solemnly blesses his people. A successor will have to be appointed to the see-of Port Augusta, rendered vacant by the translation of Br. O'Reily. In connection witji the mode of procedure the Plenary. Coun cil of Australasia decrees that bishops shall- be elected by the consultors and parish priests of the diocese in which the vacancy is, presided over by the archbishop of the province, or in his absence by the senior bishop. 