\\\j i _ )\VU; The W itherin k V. (Contimi " \if " Thoy ura very impudent and ill- brtd," saiil Fane, hotly. " Oh, no, they're not," anil she laughed a little. " They come and call on regular days, and ask mo if I am equal to the management of such a' large house. Do I not lliul the ' servants a great trial ? Have I a strong constitution ? One lady always surveys me mournfully through her pince-nez. and says' "You tire very young and have secured such a magnificent establishment? And that is. quito true! Dunscombe Hall i3 magnificent — don't you think so?" Tbey paused on the terrace just at a point whioh faced tho extensive left wing of tho grand old pile. Carved osoutohcons, liying buttresses and heraldio devices were all thrown up into sharp prominence by thu mellow rays of tho autumnal noonday sun, and immediately opposite them was the sonlptnrod figure of a warrior- saint in ,a Gothic niche festooned with clambering white roses whoso delicate blossoms surrounded and softened the statue's frigid aspect of frozen prayer. Fane shivered slightly. "Yes," ho said, in a tone of one who makes reluctant admission " It is a fine old place. But its character is distinctly melancholy. It is not a Beethoven ' Sonata, 'or a Mendelssohn ' Lied' — it is one ol Ohopin's most mournful 'Nocturnes.' Bose Ailingham gavo him a quick glance of perfect comprehension, but said nothing in reply. Moving in her light; bird-liko way across the terrace, 'she . gathered ono of the roses that hting near the statue in the uiobe and gave it to him. He had scarcely taken it from her before it fell in a whije fragrant shower at his feet, She smiled a little foroedly. " I was afraid of that," she said. " They are all on the very point of falling. I will get you one from the roaery ; they are in better condition there. Now I must , not detain you from your work any longer ; you want all the daylight possible. Have you got this old stono saint in any of your sketches yet?" " Not yet," he answered abstracted ly, looking first at her and then at the petals of the fallen rose. " " Oh, I /hope you will put htm jn» somewhere IP she . exclaimetkyfahsr ;.t' playfully. "'He is suclr.'zuar -bid thing I You seem quito melancholy . over, that wasted rose." ' "I am," lie admitted." I hate to see any beautiful thing .perish " , 10 "'But' then so many beautiful things ...do perish," she said, with a musing regret in her eyes. ' Ono must get -"-'-accustomed to that. You recollect your picture of the great pine tree on . ..the Gutscb, split through by light- \ ning? That suggested to me the ruin of a noble life. Well, all theso littlo white roses that fall so easily at a touch;' they are to mo the emblems of just fluoh a number of little lives — quite little lives, you know, of no aota&l; use to unybody ; only just- pretty and fragrant and harmless, that at a rough touch or hasty misunder standing drop, to pieces and sink into tiie.ground unnoticed and unmissed. I; believe each little rose has its own little. sooret sadness." / She smiled and waved her hand to him, and she moved away slowly and re-ont'ei'ed the house, t When -she was quite out of sight, Fane, moved by some odd sentiment which be could not Himself analyse, pioked up every one of the fallen rose- . . petals and put them in his pocket- book.". Than he set about sketching \- the ahoient sculptured saint, while the " sun ,was still bright on its weatber- . beaten features, and piously folded bauds. .i The next day was tho first of . V ' November, the " Feast of All Saints." : The weatber was beautifully clear and . warm, and Fane wont oat early, / without even seeing his host and patron ns usual, in order to profit by the .clearness of the atmosphere and get a long day's steady work. When he returned in time tor the late dinner he heard that Mrs. Ailingham had been seized with a succession of faintingfits, olid that tho doctor had been -sent for. Greatly disconcerted by' this news, ho entered tho (lining "worn full of eager and sympathetic inquiries, but found his host so bland and calm, and so perfqetly satisfied that there wns no cause 'whatever for i ankle ty as to hiB young wife's con dition, that be felt it would be deemed ,-odd and out.ofplnce/.f hc, as a visitor and paid artiBtJ/jjad, exhibited, any unduly.great cp?cerri, ' "It is mcjJ?weakness and uorvous prostratiorij said Mr. Alliugham, drinkingmis champagne with relish ns tfe apoRe, " and in these cases fainting fits are a relief rather than a danger. I am sorry Bose has allowed herself to run down in this way. I am afraid it will necessitate my going with her to the seaside for a short time. It would 'he particularly inconvenient to me just now— but if it must bo dons, it must:"- ' ' /Fane could not speak. Ho gulped his food and wine down hastily, willi such a senso of impotent rage as almost choked him. Hocotild scarcely bear, to look at tlje composed, sleek, Self-satisfied man beside him, attired, aB was his usual evening oustnm, in irreproachable dress suit, starchy shirt, / "andhijje tic — he would have liked to knock him down and trample on him. As soon as dinner was ended, ho left the room with a muttered hasty excuse abcut " having letters to write," nnd .went out in the soft night nir to smoke by himself and " cool down," as lie inwardly expressed it, for bis feelings Were in a perfect tumult. Pity nnd anxiety for Mrs. Ailingham, and con tempt for hor husband, struggled for the mastery in his mind; nnd 'he walked on and on through tho grounds under the light of .a full moon, not heeding where he was going to in the heat of bis wrath and excitement. "1 can't stand it I" he said, half- aloud, at last ; " I'll loavo the place to-morrow I I can finish tho skctchoB -.at home now.j l'vo got enough taaterlnl to go upon. If I stay here .liny longer I shall eomo to fisticuffs . tvlth that egotistical prig, or— or— Otherwise make a fool of myself." A sudden shivel- ran through him ; , .Uhd, Cohscious of a certain dampness' Sfafl uhpieasolit chill in tho nir, ho Stopped abruptly to see Whither he had Dome, To bis amazement, right in front or him Bt'retche'd the " Haunted Mere,1 /glittering like polished steel In tho silver roys of tho moon. Something ' there was in the weird aspeot of the \- . still water and -tho twisted willows that ,/finp'ressed'. him with a senso of atvo ; '."and,; as though it oold hand had been laid upon his heart, his anger died 'ftiyoy into a dull, aching pain, ' He -, - ... .1 yid lltS. -ono hypnotised, staring Pvaguely at tho Moro, disinolined to move, anil scarcely capable of thought. And as ho remained thus, waiting for hp knew not what, he saw distinctly a pale shadow fall liko tho reflection of a cloud across the shining width of water — a shadow that darkened slowly aud grew, as it were, palpably into tho shape of a small boat with a curved and curiously luminous prow. Strain ing his oyes, he watched, overy nerve iu his body throbbing with fear. Tho boat began to move out of shadow into moonlight, aud as it moved it showed its spectral occupant — a woman's figure veiled completely in misty white, that stood erect and waved its arms bockoningly towards the turret of Dunscombe Hall. Beach ing the very middle of tho Mere, where the moonlight shone broadest and brightest, tho ghostly skiff paused on the water motionless. Again and yet again the veiled phantom waved its arms appoalingly, commandingly, then, like a wreath of mist or smoke, it vanished. Released from tho tcrriblo tension of his nerves, Fane uttered a loud cry ; it was echood among tho dork woods, and answered by tho mournful hooting of owls. All at ouco ho remembered the legend — that the ghost of Dunscombe Hall was said only to appear when death threatened sotno member of the family. "My God I" ho exclaimed, " can it be possible 1" And, without waiting to think another moment, he turned and ran, ran as though ho were running a race' for life, straight back to tho Hall. Breathlessly rushing through the dark antiquated porch, he jostled against a man coming out. " Mr. Ailingham " he bogan. " I am not Mr. Ailingham," said tho stronger, " I am Dr. Dean." " The dootor? Oh, then " And he leaned back against a pillar of the porch to recover breath and equa nimity. " Mrs. Ailingham is " " Dead," said the doctor, gently. The End. 