The Rev. Thomas Cook's Mission. SUNDAY'S SERVICES. A ten-days' mission, conducted by the Hev; Thomas Cook, was begun in the Eilenborough street Wesleyan Churchlast Sunday. The rev. gentleesan has a good presence and a pleasing face. He is a fluent and rapid speaker, and his voice is distinctly audible in every ptrtion of the largr church in which the mission is being held. It husbeen stated, in somequarters, that he is not in the first flight tof preachers This may be true from an oratorical standpoint, bob his utterances on Sundaylast were charalterised by a wealth and aptness of illustration, a fbrce fulness of appeal, and a magnetic power which, in our opiniona.make him, in those respects,thbe equal of the Rev. John M'Neill, who recently visited these codinies. ler. Cook'i word-sketah on Sunday morning of a lost soul, shut in with its guilty past and haunted by the ghosts of neglected opportunities, was startlingly and" painfully realistic.. Not less so was Bisgraphio° description, in the-evening. of the condition of a soul which, by reason of its continued rejee tion of the offers of salvation, became thoroughly hardened, and went ito its doom in a state of ghastly spiritual mortification. But, though he can thus dilate upon the " terrors of the law," he possesses a persuasiveness and tact of ed dress which are eminently attractive. He is, too, no mean expositor of Scripture, and his Bible-reading on Sunday morning was little short of being a revelation. Mr. Cook is ac ceompanied by his wife, and is the guest of Mr. Joseph Foote. In the morning there was a large congrega tion in the sacred edifice. The choir, under the leadership of Mr.T. Ptrker, wereassembled on' a platform which had been erected pear the pulpit. IMr. Cook, accompanied by the ltev.-R. Stewart, occupied a position in front of the. choir. Sankey's hymns were used, and taken up heartily bythe congregation. "On ward, Christian BSoldiers," was the opening hymn, and afterwards "Whiter Than Bnow" was sung. The rev. gentleman based: his discourse on the words, " But Abraham said, Son, remem ber,..." (Luke xvi., 25). The memory of earthly' sins, the preacher said, would be re tained:in eternity. In the world to comewe would be able to do what the rich man of the text did-recall the sins and events of earth; and the memory of the events of our life would have very much to do with the hell of the next world.. The period of existence after death wae the harvesting time, and every man would reap alccordingsto his spwing. Hetoohitforgranted that their presence in the church that morning meant that they believed that their souls were immortatl: If the soul was immortal its faonul ties must be immortal; so reasoa memory, and conscience were immortal. At death the soul would simply change its residence; none of its powers would be impaired. If memory were lost in.the world to come, it would destroy the very framework of our existence; there could be no experience without memory; without memory there could be no past, no future. The stings of conscience, he believed, would be very important factnrs in the punislment of the lost. If remorse was an important element in the suffering of the lost-and there could be no remorse withoit -memory--then memory would come with us into the othereworld. les son and' revelation pointed to thit teaching, which clearly was that we woulh:take our past with us into the other world, and?its memory would bless our Iuture or else mar.it. GoddilC not decide a man's future; a man decided it himself.. God did not even decide.the pnunish ishment of the future. Men settiDdstheir own fIuture.. We must all appear before the judg maih seat of Christ.: WThen westood before the great white throne our whole. life would have toipass under review; everg.anenwonl hate totell his own life-story--give an aseount of himielf .to God. Then, our pastwas not loest'; it. ahd all to be reproduce&. He quoted from Bevelation-" And I saw the dead,. smsllland great, stand before God; and the bookstawere opened; and another book was. opene iwhich is the Book of Ihfe;.and the deadwere judged out of those things which were written in the book, e?codilng to their worisif- Ourpast might be'lost in the sense that 'we ould not inths lite reeait, bbdt it was not lob?t in the sense that it could*not be re ealledi Allusion ti cesde to the:phonograph recording the voicessnd utterianesa inen. It soienekeould do this could not hlighty Goddo it ? Obd would reprodnuce our past justas the phonegrph reprod eedthe voices andwords ?f those who had gone. There were books to he opened in the heavens above and on the earth benhibh, which would astonish us when the reckoning day came. Lord Bacon believed that eb'part of any man's history was lost, and h th t se .ker) would prove that Lord Bacon wasig-ht. How ofteso nme trilingane8iation broght-hback our psat to us-- revived. lost sesaries. Sometimes a moment of nperil woualddo the same thing. Men who had been 'aved-from d iownhdstritha tham t when con sofodsoess 'was leving thm, all their ?-.i? went before them in -a *hbrainie view. A-' toueh' of ferer ad a siilar effect.' This' talt us that'no part ofo o life was lost. We tad about having poor memories; but we eh?uld have long memories by-and- bye, when we-should stand before the great white throne, andevery man had to tell his-story. And what a story some would have to tell- Heurgedthe young men-to keep their records dean.so that when they stood before the judgment seat, they would have sdmethiisgto tell 6f which they were not'ashained. Bome enaiples were given of persons who had oultlvated their m, mories to ahigh standard, and yet, he said, eearybody admitted that memory was in a state ofinfanoy, because the powers of the soul were ormnped by itsasesociation with thebody. The fact ws that our memory in the other world w.?old be so widened that we should be able to take in the whole of our past life. Could they imagine any hell half so terrible as to have in the other world the memory of a blighted, w?asted life, to be shut in with the memory of a sinful lifetime. He read in his Bible that the righteous would have something to do in the world to come; but he would challenge anyone to prove from Godvs Word that a wicked man would have anything to do in the other world nothing to do but to remember, to recall the past. There need be no other hell than that; God provided no other hell that he knew of. The ancients realised what a terrible instru ment of torturememory might become,and be lieved in the river Lethe- theriver of foigetfl ness, thousgh which the soul had to pass on ia way to the place of departedispirits. Memory had its pleasu-es, but while many could tell of its pleasures more could tell of its sorrows. There was no hell like remorse. It was the union of memory and cosaience which made the past so~terrible. Memory kept it alive, aend conscienceinflicted the sting that turned it into remorse, and remorse was the undying worm gnawing br ever at the vitals. Again. in the, world of the lost he believed there would-be far more regret over what we had not done thari over what we had done. Many a man would get forgiven who had lst his life. There were, some men who wouldget to heaven who would have o "Well done ? They would have do?s nothing to earn it. He wanted them not only to save their souls but to save their lives as. well. There was a love that ente-d to sy them, wanted then to write a nsew record, a better and nobler one, so that when they stood before the great white throne it would be something of w-hieh thle wonuld not he ashamed. It might le aeked, " If a man wlho gets to heaven rememoers his sins, will it not destroy his hppiiess." N-. it would not. They remenbered e iucs whie happened in the past, but they also r'ememberes that they were forgiven. It was very itfereu, to remember sins which were forgiven bnd sina whichwere notforgiven. Themore we thought of sin, the more we should praise the love that saved us in spite of sin. He prayed that God would help all present to live a good life and writeout a betterrecord. The hymn, "Nothing but Leaves" having been suncv with wondsrfliy impressive effeot, the service concluded with the pronounoing of the benediction. b.FERN'OOhN. In the alternoon therews a servivce specisFly for children over twelve years of age. ¶hq ochurch was crowded with young people and a -goodly number of adults, so much that chairs .had to be placed along the aisles. The RItevs. t. Stewart and J. J. Gee were on the platform with Mr. Cook. After a short service, during which the hymns "Stand Up, Stand Up for Jesus," " Work for the Night is Coming," and " shall we Gather at the River," were sung, the missioner addressed the children. He said he supposed they all hoped some day to gather at the river. They wanted as many as possible to get to the better land. A littleboy asked which character he liked best in "Pilgrim's Progress" said he liked Christians best, for, though Christian went along the narrow way he went above, but.Christiansa took all the children with her. He was sure, it we really had the love of God in our hearts, we should not want toget to heaven alone, but to take as many more with us as possible. He went on to relate his own Sexperiences, because, he said, he thought they would help his hearers. His conversion at the age of fifteen and dedication to God were then referred to, and he spoke in terms of admira tion of the Godly characterof his Sunday- school teacher, whose life, he thought, made more of an impression on his than any other. Before his dedication he was much the same as any of them sdere, but God came to his heart, and never came to our hearts until we a e ourselves to Him. The day we eated ourselves to God, that was the day en He came to our hearts. If they intended be Christians at all, they ought to give Him the best part of their lives. The best'part of any life was between the ages of twelve and twenty, because during those years we were be ing prepared for the work God intended us to do. If he had come to God when he wa twehty instead of fifteen, he would never have been theie that day. God could not bring back a lost life; every year lost could never be brought back. He asked them how many years had they lost ? He hoped none of them would have the story of a lost life to tell at the judgment day. God gave two calls-one to get readyand the other to go. He hoped all the youngpeople there wouldlisten to the first call; then they would be ready for the second one. There was a work which theyall had to do-if they did not do it, no one else would. They could do some work in their youth that they could not do again. There were certain services we could render for God which nobody else could.. We had a great responsibility in our lives. God took notice of what we did; kept a record of our deeds. He wondered how many of those pre-. sent bad their names written in the Lamb's Book of Life i When we came to Him, the irst thing God did was to blot out all the bad. B?ut we must have something else besides for giveness, and He comes to our hearts to give us power to live a new life. We could not servo God imless Christ dwelt in our hearts, and Christianity was just the outshining of Christ in our hearts. He asked them to remember that. they 'would never be worth as much to God as they were now. He would give two or three reasons why they ought to come at once. The dificulties were inereasint. When we were ydong we were more susoeptibld, more easily moved. As we got older our hearts ot harder. Out of every 100 who came to Christ seventy-five were under the age of twenty-one years. There came time in otr lives when we should turn to Christ r we never would. Another reason was that there was so much at stake. Just think of it--my etenty is at stake I Be used' totry to grasp what wes the meaning of these wfl words for ever." This awful thought \--throdgehout .eternity I am 'going to exist. Oh this awful eterity he htitle hod some to ehoose of whichside they should be. God oad?sent him with the ne me ae'whicb he had accepted years ago. Hieasakei would' they sese fuor dh'la trst hlnathst riot; e e Lord'ssida or akainat'Him? "'Would theygo op the ladder or don the laddder to the right or~be left .After an-ntervalof silent prayer he asked thopse who would ehoose for Christ to remain seattd; wMille the others rwould staiidup and pry for them. Agody unuiberremained :seated.. The ongregadiun having'gain r-. somed theirseat. a he-calle on al ihhd re tained h .eireats, and were flly deoided they would b the Lord's from now, to pine for ward. me terdnly or .e..Bty, p r'epIp lj y-oung tollle,'reepoidaed to the Ineetlation, andl edown the aisles to a room at the bask of habirih. The meetingterminated shortly afterwards. TH EMO. At the evening serviPa themre was .luite an overflowing ongeton,; Setshad: to be. _aed.aog .the UIsOlsand .these were fully ccupied .- e ordnary ehurch seats and thoes inhe galUlsrfre pieo , oeroaedud, while numbers Bsteood db Sereal appro hoir, rthe Ieadeshi of Mr. T. Patyer. eforeom lnwith hlsbienrmon, thepreeher Ivery eansl oeetd '~prashe i nredtsons s in lhree ieque_ that'had been placed in the boxese at he doors. " The missioner took for his test the words ' And whenle-awas some near, He beheld the oity ensa ept -Pearit: sayig, If thon-iasdt known eventhou l at least in thilstbp day the abthings Lc w ubelong unto thy. paa; .?o . .·they sire.?~ ~'hi: ? byes, &o.; (Luke sir, 41\. .Tbi lamentation, he sl..was. uttera' amid? ho-~ihi .of the peoe, upon the eo?eelon of sisrf btr'tm donplltiy into SJrusalemd -? Hlad nver had esh a reception before. The people went out tomeet Hio, and -their voioes rent the sair as a hoth sanas. set in the midst of His triumph He wept.' That was whl~n n tn top of MonmtOlivet He lingered a imissnt and saw Jemrsale. He wept for his fellow-oonntrymen because they would iisject flim. What did this weeping mean? There came a time in the history of sommunities when theke was nothing left for God todo but weep. He' (the'speaker) in Imaginatisn couild her lie' ater say b "Oh I Israel, thnou heat'destroyd thslfl" And men desuoyed themselves. They destroyd4 their reseptvity, and rejeoted the light till judi~elldarkless came over them. Men declde their own destiny by fixingtheir own character. God did gnot settle qur destiny-we settled it. There were things that belonged to otu peace to which we must attend.' We might neglect those things till they were bidden from our eyes. God was a God of peace, Christ the Prince of peace, His King dom a Kingdom of peace, His servants the publisher of peace, and the Gospel was full of peace. God loved the sinner, but He must needs be against sin, because sin set God at defiSance and spurned His authority. When a man sinned, he set God and His love at defiance. Still, God loved the man who re belled; His heart went out towards those who would not submit to Him. • Consequently Be stated the conditions upon which we might be reconciled--God's Ministry was a ministry of reconciliation. God had taken the first step towards peace, and had made the way to atonement complete. If we were prepared to submit to Divine authority, He was prepared to meet us. Because Christ had died, the way ' was open to us- that was the new end living way. But there was no kiss of peace till the sinner yielded. The Jews would-not accept Christ as their mediator-they would not be saved by the Cross through the Christ. They rejected the only remedy from sin. He (the speaker) was there to explain the way to Christ, and they must be prepared to say what stand they should take in relation to Christ. His business was not to defend God or the Book. He was there to preach the Book, and it said that, if they accepted Christ's grace, they would be accepted, and, if they rejected it, they would be rejested. He hadheard men say that it was hard that they should be created sinners -that though they could not help but sin they should becondemnedeverlastingly. That was an insult to God. Man was not created in sin; he was created in the image of God. It was not true that men could not help but sin. God offered His grace, and, if they would acept it, they would be clensed from sin. No man would perish because he was a sinner -if he perished it would be because God pro vided a raemedy but the man rejected it. He -was offbrng just the same Christ to them that ras Je . Pilate tried to evade his ., me. 4d just the same i eent ith the tdthem. have said many a time, " We will not havne the Christ-we will have the sin; not this man, but BIarabbas." Whatever sin we were not prepared to give up was our Barabbas. It was a terrible thing for the Jews to reject Christ, but it would be a still more terrible thing for us to reject him to-day. We had all the evidence that the Jews had, and the accumulated evi dence of 1800 years, as to the genuineness and worth of Christianity as well. How often Christ had been offered to some of those present, but, instead of pccepting Him, they had said, "Not this man but Barabbas." The text taught that it was possible to reject a thing that belonged to our place till it was hidden from our eyes. It was a natural law that any power that was not used had a tendency to become tlost. Nothing blinded the soul like having the light, and re jecting it. The same sun that would rot a dead tree would make a living tree grow. The gospel softened the heart of the man who re ceived it, but the heart was hardened if it did not reedive it. Mlen would be heard to say that preachers did notpreach as theyoncedid; that the Spirit did not strive with them as it once did. The change was not in the preacher or the striving of the spirit, but it was man's recipiivity that had changed. Under the physical, organic, and spiritual laws a point could be reached beyond-which there was no power of recovery. Spiritual things might become less and less real to some till the time came when judicial darlkness would set in. Then Christ would weep for men because they had decided for themselves and had decided so that punishment would be their lot. The destruction of Jerusalem was God's monument of warningto the world. The Jews had shouted, "His blood be upon us and our children l" And it was !--it was! Only forty years after wards, Jerusalem was sacked by the Romans, and the people in it were crucified in such numbers that at last room could not be found for the erection of any more crosses! What a fearful retribution I Yet there were those who weould do just as the Jews did in rejecting Jesus and say" Away with Him." How could we meet the Christ we had rejected for so many years. Every man had a day of visitation-the Jews had their day and we had ours. We called it a day ofgrace. There came a period in the life of every man when the tide of Divine influence rose higher than it had ever risen or ever would rise at any other time. That was that man's opportanity. Shakespeare said, "There is a tide in the affairs of men which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune." That was true in the spiritual life also. If men did not takethat opportunity of the rising of the tide of Divine influence, it would leave them, like a stranded vessel, more firmly embedded in the sand. God had circumscribed our day of grace. Some of us.might cross the circle that night, and God wantede our ieiswe. Before that service was over, every man and woman in the building would have decided whether he or she would accept orrejeotthe Saviour. He (thepreacher) had proclaimed God's offer to them; it was now for them to say whether they would accept.it or spurn it. When the old Romans besieged a city, they hoisted a white flag, and, if the city surrendered while it was flying, the lives of the inhabitants were spared. After a certain time, a black flag was run.up, and that indicated that the time of mercy had expired. The city had had its opportunity, -and had lost it. They could thank Gahd that the white flag of mercy was flying that night, and men might still acdept Christ. Once more the Father had sent him as a messenger to offer Christ to them. Would they have him to reign over them or would they say, with the Jews, "Away with Him." . Itas not at matter.hbetween them and the preacher--it was a matiter between them and their God. He besought them to seize that oportnityand, declarq themselves to be on An after-meeting was held, and a number of persons entered the inquiry-room to obtain spldtalisal coanseel. ' 