SUNDAY HEADING-. (SeIECTED-BYTHeEeyG. E. EoWE) f HE GOSPMi FOR THE DAT: BYTHB Rev. MASK GUY. PEABSE. The Temptation of theLoed Jesus Chbibt, , A Meditation, for Lent. It -will greatly help us to realize the sympathy of the Saviour and His one ness -with us if we can get a clear, strong, Settled sense of the Temptation. The Serintures lav much stress upon the Temptation, ' He is able to succour them that are tempted in that wherein He Himself suffered temptation',' (Heb. ii. 18, E. V., marg.). And again it is imtten— ' We have not an High Prist, ?which cannot be touched with the feel ing of our infirmities ; but was. in all points tempted like aa we are, yet with out sin'' (Heb. iv. 15). I. He was tempted in all points as we are, yet without sin, — then was He in Hi& human nature in all points like as ?We are. The real human nature of Jesus 13 a truth that we have feared to grasp in it3 completeness, yet if we lose that we lose everything. Let us think it out carefully step by step. He is in all points like as we are in His Body. Eone of our bone and flesh of our flesh, His bodily life was in all iespectsllke outb. He ate and drank and slept ju3t as we do. He waB weari ed and needy as we are. Eis wants were similar to ours : and he hadjexattly the same limitations in His human nature that we have. His eye saw no f urther-than bur eye sees ; His ear heard precisely as We hear. Hunger meant to Mini tne same tning tnat re aoes to us ; and thedesire to eat when hungry was as strong with Hiui as it is with us. His body was in all points like ours. ? Then let ' us hold firmly the same truth us we pass to the mind of the Lord Jesus Christ. As' really in his mind as in His body He was in all points like as we are. He knew as we know and only as we know, Hie brim, had the same method of thought as ours : with TTitn perception and reflection were as they are with ua, the sources of ?knowledge. The Babe Jeaua could Jknow no more than other babes can .know. The Boy Christ JesuBgrewin ?wisdom' precisely as other boys grow in ]msdbm'. . The Man Christ Jesus had 'meittally the limitations and conditions that we have. Here, too, He was in nil-points like as we are. J Then we must hold to the same truth in regard to the Spirit, the Soul, ' of the lord' Jesus Christ. Hope, faith, desire, joy, were to the Man Chriat ? J esuB pre cisely what they are to us. And here too He was subject exactly to the same conditions and limits that we are. ? Obedience ? waB not with Him the result of any compulsion,— it ?was a choice. ' Lo ? I come to do Thy 'will' is the'testimonv of the book con cerning Him: vIf disobedience were impossible to. Jesus Christ ? then obedience would also ?? be impossible. Free-willinust be ours, or there can be no temptation. Wot more thaninanbutless was Jesus Christ, if the power to choose was not His as it is ours. The power to choose is our greatness and dignity; as the power of tin is our ruin and misery. He wbs tempted in all points like as1 we are, only because He was able to choose in all points like as wo are, or it could have been no temptation. The power : to choose was His as it is ours : but the' power to refuse was His aa it is not ours except by His grace. I know that there is ever alongside of {Ms the mystery of the Divinity — that wo reverently accept : and adore; but we do not make -the \- Deity less because we make the manr . hood complete, exactly like our own. ? '. That first: The temptation is possible cnlyiecaMseoftherealandperfecthuman , itry of Jestis Christ. ; ? ? Then comes the next point. The Man Christ Jesus, knowing only as we ?- know, ? could Imow the things of God only as they were illuminated and revealed by the Holy Ghost. All that the Holy Ghost must do for oor human nature that the Holy Ghost did for the human nature of Jesus Christ,— save only in the one great ex ? ception of the conviction of sin and the cleansing from unrighteousness. Just as the eye haa no light in itself but sees only what is revealed to it by the light ? soisit that:the knowledge of sin is madeknown to-us onlybytherevelation of the Holy Ghost. The worde of the ? Master to Peter are true of . the Lord JesUB, — 'Elesh and blood hath not re : veaiedthis. unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven.' AsHe enters up on His work it is to the Holy Gfhost ?* that He ascribes His fitneB3 for it, ?The Suirit of the Lord hath anointed Me because, because He hath anointed Me to preach the Gospel to the poor; He hath Bent Me to heal the broken hearted, to preach ' deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight :to the bimd, to set at liberty thorn that are bruised, to preach the acceptable year ef the Lord.' So then with this complete and per fect humanity the Lord Jeans comes to the baptism of John. 'And: Jesus, whenHewas baptised, wentup straight way out of the water: and' lo, the the heavens were opened -unto Him, and He saw the spirit of God descending like a dove, and lighting upon Him: and lo, a voiee from heaven, saying, This is My beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.' Ever was that gift of thaHoly Ghost His,— but now as not before that Gift Divine was given to prepare Him for the great work of the Messiahship, and to reveal to Him this fitness. From this moment the life of N Jesus is transformed. No more the c&rpenter; dwelling in the obscurity of Nazareth, He at once becomes.tfie Christ the: Anointed of God. At that hour there was revealed to Him the fact of His Messiahip; of the great work that lay before him; andihe fact of His Dirine relationship. That is the second point that the Man Jesus in all points like unto us could know the. mind and will of God only as madeknown to Him by the Holy Ghost. Let us think of ' this Divine re velation coming in upon the mind of Jesus overwhelming Him with 'wonder and awe. He bad lived in the quiet ? BQclusion of- Nazareth, doubtless with .those great yearnings which were the ? prophecies of God to His soul : with such blessed and unbroken communion with the Fa* her as none else had ever . known on this earth : with pity and eagerness to help such as had never filled any other. And now these dreams' and longings were to find their fulfil ment. The opportunity had come, and the fitness was given. And yet a work was it that could be accomplished only at file cost of an infinite agony and Bhaae. 'Well might He seek retirer ? Jne»t;ris-M;}v to Consider this revelation. and by communion with the Father, to surrender Himself utterly for this ' sob ; lime service. So wae-Heled Tip into the wilderness. Now let us turn to thint-of the other personage who comes before us. It is , to-day unjfhilo8aphical to think of a personal devjl; we must talk of the ' spirit of evil, feat is the tendency to-tiie frtiL in the man's own heart. Wtil, tamraaxTDas to be pmlosophieal ?; libeix . t eaa hs cranmon-Beneed, Jesus Christ — and if it 'was the- spirit of evil outside Him,— who was it ? what was it ?? Within the sinles3 Christ was no evil tendency whence came the .tem ptation.- The Book of God does not play with us. It' does not meet the awful problems of life and death, of sin and suffering, with mere myths and fancies. Do you think thepoor heart of humanity could have found solace and strength in it for all these ages if it were so? Just as this 'Book reveals to us the truth of God, of sin, of eternity, so it reveals to iis a very real and per sonal devil. ' Satan knew of and waited for the coming Christ. Long before, in the moment of hell's triumph over the first man and his wife the word had been spoken, — ' the seed' of the woman shall braise the serpent's head.' All through the ages he had watched the prepara tion tor that coming,— all things lead ing up to it/until the angel sang the birth of Jesus; who should save His people from their sins. Now comes the hour and power, of the Tempter, and Jesus is led up into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil .The son of David goes forth against- this Goliath who has blasphemed and defied the Israel of God. 'Whether the Tempter met the Lord in some bodily appearance or as an in . ?-» i ? «j ? ? _- ? l A_n /'\\_ j/Ua visioie spine we cannon itm. wjj. muo one hand the words ' tempted in all points like as we are' would seem to suggest a spiritual and unseen presence ; and also the fact that afterwards through all His life tha enemy met the Saviour step by step, yet ever unseen. On the other hand the record seems to suggest that it. was in some visiblo bodily form in which the Prince of this world assailed -the Saviour- Tery quaint is Milton's conception : ?'''?'.- '' An aged man, in rural weeds Following,. ? as seemed, -the quest of some ? stray ewe,' . .- ? ' ? -,,'' ' ?' ,' - ' Or withered sticks to gather.' , The fact that as on this occasion the Holy Ghost rested on Him in some bodily and visible; ..form, suggests that thus- on thi3 occasion came the Temper. The record is certainly most intelligible and significant when wo take it with a hard literalness from beginning to end. For forty days the Lord Jesus had lingered in the; wilderness, dwelling there is sweetest communion with the Father and in joyful consecration, — for this cause sanctifying Hiniself. Then comes the reaction. ? He., is spent and worn with the excitement of such great thoughts and- revelation ; and together with weakness there come the keen hun ger. The place as well as the hour was fitted for siich a.;trial,r— the dreary wil derness where; he.yras,' with the wild beasts,' as St.' j&'ark ,'. tells ?_ us. Never was there any-whose soul so' lay open to the influence of Mature as. His. To Him the flowers of | the field were sweet messages of ,' the,,- Father's care ; the birds sang of the love of God ; and all things breathed a sweet 'Fear not.' But here was He in all the dreary loneliness of. the desert where Nature had no such ; ministry. On. every side there Btretched that, awful soljtude. As. the:, work .: of .Christ, ended ;in thei awful cry, ' My God, my : .God, why hast Thou {forsaken Me ?' so might it, havebeguri — alone, as if forsaken, , f pr- long and hungry He. . wandera ;in the wilderness., Such; was \ the. place and such was the hour; of His temptation. ' . See.how in these.. _. very : circumstances' lay .the ' possibility of all , temptation. Every temptation,, -comes ^either , from the lack of things, or their abundance ; envy and' pride, . theft and tyranny, lying and lust, are:the sins of 'want or plenty. The two extremes of temptation are represented in the Bible in 'Job and in Solomon — in the sorest poverty and in- the' greatest possession ; in having nothing and. in haying all things.. It, is at, once with each of these temptations that the devil apr proaches:Christ..' . At once He is 'poorer- than Job,' hungry., perishing with hunger with all the cravings for food that we feel when we are hungry:; and yet is ?Healso greater, ihqn Solomon— having: all power at His disposal. ; He can apoak and;' a thousami liveried angeis '; shall wait upon Him.- and: swiftly minister to ? everyoneed; He can speak, and this very wilderness-.-shall bud and blossom as the' rose ; becoming at his bidding a 'Paradise where fair things grow ; and ti'Gesbeiid down with, golden plenty. - This twoff-ld,extremo of weakneH3 and of power was the tempter's opportunity all through Hia life. We see it when the Boldiers come to take Him ; betray ed by one of . His disciples, deserted by VUG VUlXWJ-IOj DUliX/U UJ.J,UU^u uwuuu UiMUi botind' ' as a thief/' He ia lod awaj to 'condemnation; bo helpless is He. Yet then is it that He saith, . Thinkest thou that Icavnotnow pray the Father, andHeshallprssently give Mevwre. than twelie legions-, of angels ?. . .-.:. Tet again, and still more wonderful was this extreme of weakness and of power as manifested on the cross. When he hung* accursed, ? rejected, deapised. 'and on Him beat, that awful storm of fury, and there rang the cry : 'He saved others, Himself He cannot save.' So low He sank. Tet there was the conscience power to loose the very gatea of- hell, and 'fling- wide, open .the very- gates of heaven, and in the greatness of authority He said to the penitent malefactor— TMsdaytliou shalt be with Me in Paradise. - To him then; thus alone; forgotten and forsaken and a-hungered; comes the proud Prince of Hell, looking it may be as Goliath looked upon the stripling -David, with- haughty disdain.. Is .this He for Whom they had waited bo long and whose -rumoured advent bad filled all with hell terror ! Is it with a sneer that: the words are flung out?— ^If— If TkotJ be the Son Of God : it is a matter, one will hesitate- to believe. It does certainly saem most unlikely. Dehision in such matters ' is very ? easy. Many bthei-s have fancied- themselves the: favourites of heaven ; but -surely never did such higt pretensions go with such poor surroundings. If — Thou be the Son of GodY Indeed, it is a matter easily settled; and for Thine own sake it should bo settled 'speedily. Thou art hungry: the hired servants of Thy Father have bread enoughand to spare. Put forth Thy power: silence these doubts, and end this cruel need; command that thesestones be made bread.' A very real temptation' it must:have been to Jesus, thus to ? assure Himself of that which-iiad been declared-. - But what if Ho had ! Then all that relation sliip'with His poor brethern would h&Wbeeh.; for ever broken. In proving Himself the Son- of God He would have' ceased to bj the Son of Man. No humi liation was- it to the proud Prince, of- Hell that he should be vanquished by the Almighty r to Omnipotence He 'would yield; Only let/ the -combat be with 'Him as Divine,; and defeat could beome. 'I' come to THee as the Son of God,' said the haughty Lucifer. 'But- Jesus answered and said unto mm, : It is written man — I come against- thee as man — tho- Head and Eepresentative of- the race over whom thou has triumphed. It is as the' Man1 filled- with the Holy Ghost that he comes forth against the Tempter : the Man having that powed which availed for all men— 'It is written': the sword -with which .He . fought was the sword of the Spirit, the sword which is given us for our defence. So as Man; for us men, did He wage that war, and gain that great victory which, is'tfte pledge of. our deliveranca. i\ \ I. ft. S! 1;!f- 