Scenes and Sights of Tahiti. By F. W. CnBiBTiAir. And now amidst the waves appears Iacynthos with her forests. * * v ? Welcome, no doubt, as that fairy isle to the storm tossed mariners of iEneas is the near aspect of the green valleys of Tahiti to sunburnt native crews, as their ship comes staggering up under full canvas, out of the west, from the sultry atolls of the Low Archipelago into the more temperate parallels of the Society Group. Lying full in the track of the gentle yetnaghty breath of the north-easterly trade winds fiaaring down from the near Equator, Tahiti shoots up her lofty peaks to heaven, which look down upon many a cool green valley, stretching downward upon rich alluvial flats, skirted each by a silvery spit of sand ; washed by many a still blue lagoon, bordered by an ever-creaming band .of^white— a .line of breakers for ever curling over her longifringiugre-1f,melting away in soft out £lS»B «astwardrand westward— Tahiti, the Pearl of th| Pacific, styled by the old bards of the Teras, ' Tahiti-nui Marearea,' ('Great Tahiti, the Golden'). The snowy-plumiged ' Iitae ' flits twittering around the cocoa-nut blossoms, the mute blue heron stalks through the pools at the mouths of each shal low creek, anil the harsh cry of the tern echoes far out to sea ; but the woodland echoes are silent ; there Bounds no music of singing birds, and, reft of the winged choristers, the broad green aisles of the forest are hushed in still repose. One of our illustrations pourtrays the great peak of Aorai, her towering and delicately rounded out line rising near 7000ft., a thought '..belittled at the side of her loftier and more picturesque sister, Oro hena, her summit conquered. now by the adventurous climber ; but Orohena still remains unsealed, rearing her maiden obelisk in solitary grandeur, a menace to rash mountaineers, haughtily defiant of conquest, a true daughter of the Titanic forces of Nature. Another of our illustrations represents the river of Punaruu in the district of Puna-Auia, which ruiis down from its far-distant source on the great plateau, watering in its course a fair, broad valley, gliding past many a still green nook, dimpling awhile in fairy pools wherein the giant fern, the maiden-hair, the mountain fern, and the asplemum see reflected their own fair image— and anon swelling in fuller volume, when the rainy season is nigh and the clouds bang low over the mountains, brawling^ in Jmpetuous volume over pebbly barriers, ever waxing fuller and fuller in its brimming march towards the Moaua-tere-ore, the dark-blue, the trackless Pacific Ocean. Beyond Punarun, and after traversing the district of Paca, the Broom -road runs through the lovely district of Maraa, hastening on its way towards the flats of Papara and Mataiea, rich in plantations of orange, coffee, and vanilla, watered by many a clear stream, chief amongst which is the Vaihiria River, which, twist ing and meandering in many a winding channel, whirls down from a lovely lake high up on the great plateau, and spreading out into a broad reach as it nears the sea, forming a bithing-pool pellucid as amber— the delight of many a young Tahitian. We also reproduce the photograph of a Tahitian house, taken iu the district of Papeari, close to the Isthmus of Taravon, where the lovely harbour of Port Phaethon runs far inland, itself, like the Gulf of Corinth, all but dividing off the Polynesian Hellas from its Peloponnese. ; And indeed the coinci dence abides not in name only but in fame, for the Tera-i-tai clan of Manua-tera, as they styled the isthmus in ancient days, were a famous clan hardly yielding in toughness and martial prowess to the much-vaunted Spartans. Nay more, the far-famed leaguer of Mount Jaygetus has found its parallel ere now in the wild mountain fastnesses of Taiarapu. In the words of a famous Island Ballad by R. L. Steven son, ' The Na-Tera and Na-Manu-Ura are fire and water for hate.' Even so were those old Pelopon uesian foes, the Spartan and the Messenian. So true is the 6aying that history ever repeats herself. Thus far this feeble glimpse of the glorious and bewildering Bcenery of the western coast of Tahiti, and unwillingly we turn us to the island of Moorea over the water, 10 or 12 miles across from the Bea port of Papeete, with her wealta of fantastic moun tain views, of picturesque needles, peaks, pinnacles, natural castles and bridges standing out in wondrous outline from the tortuous basalt, veritable freaks of nature in one of her wildest moods. -'? Many beautiful scenes in Moorea, the ancient Eimeo, have been most happily described by the ready pen of Herman Mel ville, who, after his lucky deliverance from the cannibals of Taipi, seems to have joined in a mutiny against the easy-going captain who rescued him, and in company with a somewhat phadowy individual called Doctor Long Ghost, to have set forth on fresh wanderings in quest of fresh adventures, and to have sued in Jortna pauperis for native hospitality in the very bay of Papetoai, alias Faatoai, which, by the way, with his customary carelessness of native orthography, he styles Partowye. Owing to the supmenesB of the residents, native and foreign, a great portion of this beautiful and fer tile island is running hopelessly to waste, and revert- ' ing to the primaeval wilderness, under the gentle . auspices of the mimosa, the guava, the Bword-gra&s;, the knot-grass, and the nettle. '? ?* And now before taking our leave of Tahiti and her sister island, turn we to the merry little cosmopolitan city of Papeete, with its market- place, its wharfs, its cathedral, its public offices, its palace, and its infantry barracks. The two latter important build ings are situated in the western quarter of the city; a district familiarly known to American and English residents as ' French Town.' We illustrate the lafe Queen Pomare's palace, bearing the lofty title of Aorai, or The Cloud of Heaven ; situated close to the cathedral, and bordered by the Vaiete or Papeete river— a scene of departed grandeur, and of many an ill-fated scheme of disappointed ambition. Peace to. the dead; they rest; now from their long-life trouble. Whispering voices, so natives aver, faint and low, float nightly through, the empty halls, and mournful spirit-presences haunt the wide apartments, the breezy corridors, the pleas.-, ant places which in their lifetime they loved to well. Perhaps one of the prettiest sights in Papeete is the Avenue of St. Amelie, wherein are situated the In fantry Barracks, where Eome -800 soldiers occupy their time iu masterly inactivity, counting the leaden hours of the piping times of peace until the grim 1 dogs of war shall* once more be unleashed upon the | perfidious child of Albion, the impassive Teuton, or the versatile Muscovite, of whom it is written : Grattez leRussc et voits tiouvcrez le Tartare. And bo with no unkindly reflections, with right hands ex tended over the narrow gulf of national prejudice, we take our leave of the French in Tahiti, a pleasant, witty, and kindly people in the main, in spite of sundry Anglophobian ideas of their own — with the cheerful refrain of the Tahitian new year chant boding peace to all men of good will. Euperupe Tahiti, Ruperupe Farani Ruperupe taton iti I teienei matahiti api. Flourish Tahiti, flourish fair Franc1? ! May our little interests all advance. To all and sundry we wish pood cheer In the glad beginning of this new your. 