Thu iiifaillbility ol Ilm Pope. From a Protestant View.. t ON Sunday la8f.,;at,.St.;Paul'.B,Prosbyter¡añ Church, Rev. W,. F. Craicie delivered à lecture bearing on the reunion of Christendom in oonueotioii with the stand taken by the Pop«! There waa a very large congregation, which waa not confined to members of, the Ohuroli. Rev. Mr. Craigie said at t.the outset, that although his address that morning was of tile natur« of a lecture'ho thought' it onlyVright tn begin with.a text, it was thu homage wiiich every prcaoher should 'pay.to the Word of God. He would Uko, as bearing upon the "subject, .or upon the great claim of the Papuoy, to take the words of our Lord to the womau of S'imaria, '* Woina^, believe ino, tho hour cometh, when" ye shall neither iu this mountain nor yet at Jerusalem worship the Father. Ve worship ye know not what : we know what we worship, for salvation is nf tho Jew*. But tho hour cometh, and now is, when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth, for the Father seeknth such, to worship him. God is a Spirit, and they that worship Him must worship Him inspirit and iu truth.' "When Christ spoke these word*, Hu gave to the world its oharter of Spiritual liberty. His subjeot that - morning-the infallibility of tho Pope from a.Protestant view was ono that hus come . muoh.to the front during; the' past moiith or two through the aotipn of, tho Bishop of Rome in addressing a letter td the'English nation, urging the reunion of Christendom. That suoh a step should have been takeu by the head of tho Romish Ohuroli is in itself a matter that calls for thoughtful, attention. To all' who tako an interest in the great movements of tho world's life, this proof of the changed attitude' of the Roman See towards tho religious movements outside her own communion must runk as oue of tho outstand ing signs of the; times; Thut ; it hus soemiiigly fallen fiat in fade of Protestantism may yet provo just tho measure of the world's surprise. These hundreds of years of war's, strifes, jealousy and religious rancour cannot be blotted out with the stroke of a pen. But when the pen summons u« in the sovereign name of Christ to make some effort, to seo. eye to eye, ti int the breapb.es of Christendom muy be healed, the Protestant "ohuruhes will not be wanting in their response .to such a summons. Tho response may not be what Rome dosiros. Indeed, sotar, one is tempted to think, by tho attitude, of Cardinals and Bishops, that they are afraid Pro testantism may take the Pope ut his word, and are ready to surrender at discretion.. So fur as .they, have come to hand tho difference between the words sud spirit of thu Pope's letter and the, attitude of some of his prelates, is very suggestive.. .. Perhaps, they feel that the only wuy (if seeing? eye-to eye is to have a good stand-up light. Differences -that have been tho growth ot oeuturics cannot be buried' with a few flowery words, But if thero is loyalty to Christ, strenuous thinking and words of truth will have their victory as in the past. .« Tlioweaporis .ot our warfare aro not oaruul, but spiritual " A. right appreciation of our 'differences ' hhs brought , one subject more to the front than another, and that is tho claim to "infallibility," made by the Roman Pontiff. .This has beon called,-the keystone.of tho arch in tho Roman system. It is a very heavy one indeed, so heavy that we Protestants think it must break tho aron in the long 5 run. . ? We; have been , favoured reoently with a description of what this infallibility amounts to by the Bishop of this .district. Others' ha vb spoken of it- more elaborately, but for working purposes, what ho says is sufficient for a guide. Wo could well wish that he had givon us 8omor";exainples : of : t.the* working ' of,this great dogma in the church's life. Tho words may have a. bigger meaning to Protestants than, thoy haye to. Roman Catholics, und if so,' u few fáúts'aíiowiiig us 'the practical-outcome and benefit that comes to their own ohuroli or tho world would dó more to enlighten 'us than oolumus of definitions Wa do. not need to bo told it is no new dootriuo, -. though-, only formulated by the last oouuoil of the Vatioau in 1869\. Protestants are',: gi von" to "the " ruudlùg of history,';and we kiiow what many^of the-Popea havo nlajmed for" themselves' hY'days gone. by. " "The Fathers of the ohuroh und the doureps bf the coun-. roils -uro studied just as eagerly and thoroughly, by Protestant divines as they omi be by tho priests and Bishops of Rome. Indeed, wo. protestants think With a grout' deal moro bonofit. . And . llore he wished to explain i > that.-,when he roferre4 to tho Fathers ot the Ohuroli lie meant those great preachers of the carly centuries who had" left ' behind them writings, historical and expository, iu regard to tho ¿torlptúros, and to tho inner lifo of tho Ohuroh iu the early centuries, The oouueils were the gatherings of all tho bishops and presbyters lu the thoa known world. This wai the material upon .which our.divines go baok to search for what was .tho carly interpretation of the doctrine of the church. Tho pluoe we givo to the "Infallible. Word,'.' -aa distinguished from au " Infallible Popo ". or i'.Churuh" leaning upon tradition, helps .us in . their study as it helps in everything else. .Some, wag, says "tho Fathers burned a great deal bettor.than they, wrote." Wo, at least, claim a great' many of thom as being ou the side of our Protestant dootrino. Some of our leading d iviues think that if. tho cry for uuion was sincero, a completo and . satisfactory basis could oaaily bo established -for-, a renovated church by taking the Puthera und tho .councils of the first threo oenturies aa our guido. But evou that it. seems would uotdoawaywit.il this claim to infallibility by tho Bishop of. Romo. . That claim rests, weare told, upon our Lord's words to Peter, " Thou art Peter, and on this rock will I build My ohuroh." Tho whole papal sys tom ia -made to stand or fall upou the interpretation of those Vords. Wo have nothiug authontio to bear out tho assertion of Peter being pie , first -Bishop- nf Rome. - -There is little doubt that hu was -martyred there,- as was also Taul. But the oluim .to sit in tho seat of St. Peter and inherit his supposed privilège» by virtue of it, rests on a very slender basis. But let us examine our-Lord's words to the great apostle. Tbe Roman ist insist« that there is here a play upon words, and the Lord meant that Peli»r himself Would be the rock on which His church should stand. To'the Protestant such a meaning is but vain trifling. A moment's thought in regard to the circumstances -that led np. to the expression, would forbid any such' raeaningfbeing attached. It was the erixi* «if Christ's relation to His disciples when, fur the first time, He realised they had got a clear and distinct revelation nf who He was. And are we to believe thai in fane of that magnificent expression of faith oar Lord coached His language in the form of a play upon ~ that disciple's name ? His whole character and bearing, as revealed io the Gospel, forbids Buoh'a" supposition. ' The moment was too sacred for such a thing, and the very irramraar in the original make it impossible. He referred to the original Groek words petro» and petra-tbs former, a stone, was in the masculine ; petra, a rook, was in the feminine. It is an old rule that scripture, is to be interpreted by scripture, and we only need to turu back a few pages in the same Gospel of Matt bow to find Christ referring to His own words and doctrine under the figure of a rock: "Ho that hearoth My words and doeth them I »hall liken unto a wise man who built his house upon a rock, and the floods came and the wind blew and beat upon that house, and it fell not because it was founded upon a rock." It"was the" far- reaching truth nf the* words that Peter had DOW given expression to that was the .rook referred to by Christ. " Thou art the Christ, the Son of the Living God," is the very, bed-rook of tho church's life. ChriBt Himself is the "Rook ofiAirea !" " Other foundation can no man lay than1, that which ia laid-which is Jesus Christ.'* It o«n only be the position and claims tn priraaoy that blind the Riman priesthood to the true inter pretation of their : favorito text. Their olaims receive little countenance from the Fathers of the church. The consensus of opinion is wholly against the interpretation of .Pater being himself the ro'ik, and here the church might listen with profit to the words of those i-he so ofton claims as peouliarly her own. . Here he quoted »he words of one who ought to have the respect of even a Roman bishop, since he waa a member of the Vatican Council itself. Re ferring to a.little work printed in. manuscript type, evidently given to the Fathers during the sittings of tho Council, the Archbishop of St. Louis, in Missouri, in un address prepared for it on this maher of the interpretation bf this tnxt. said :" " We find five different interpretations of this passage, of which tho. first asserts that the, churoh is founded upon Peter, and this is folio wod by seventeen Fathers. The second supposes'the church to be built upon all the apostles, ot whom Puter was merely tho repre sentative. ? Eight Fathers hold ' this view. The third'at-serts that tho rook upon which tho church is built ia to be understood of the faith whioh Peter had confessed the profession (namely) by whioh we believe Christ t > be the Sou of tho Living God, which' (they say) is ' the eternal and immovable foundation of tho church. And this interpretation is more solemn than any, and is followed by forty five Fathers. The fourth interpretation assigns the Boole, to the person of Christ Himself, and this numbera sixteen Fathers and doctors.'-The fifth understands, under the. name of the roi-k, all those faithful believers in Christ, as tho Sou of God, who constitute the living stones out of whioh the church is built." ' Thus wo huve nearly seventy Fathers against seventeen in opposition to the Romanist view of tho toxt us a proof of Primacy. Tho Aroh Bishop continues : " From this it follows that no argümout '.whatever for the proof of tho Primacy eau" be derived fruin the words ' Upon this rock will I'build' my ohuroh,' or ut least only ono which has the slenderest probability. If, thou, we ought to fol low tho greatest number of Fathers in this lu'itter, wo must hold forccrtain that bv tho ' Rick' we ought to uuderstaud not Peter ns professing tho faith out the faith professed by St. Peter." This was the con sensus of the opiuions of nearly 70 Fathers, and this moaning was given to the words during the first six oonfuries of the Churoh. If, therefore, the Pope is infallible, how duos it come that he fails to give effect to thu Canons of his own Church in the matter of interpretation when there is such a clear consensus of opinion among the fathers against his Primacy resting upon such a basis as this P Pâtre» ecehtiae aunt lette» ttaditioni». A proud King once said, " I am the Btato"; au equally proud Pope said, " I am tradition." Was that, how primacy and infallibility have been arrived at? If Scrip ture will not bear the strain of this dogma, it can never be uooeptod by seekers for truth. It does n. t help matters , to shift the weight of this dogma from the Pope to tho church or council whose mouthpiece he is, the Churoh is bound by her owu Cations to give elf cot to such a unanimous testi mony on the part of the Fathers. If tradition is to have waight at all, the argument from it as well as froth the Scriptures is abundantly proved. Not even that peculiar gift of the spirit which, the Churoh olulins through her supremo bishop can go astray in the face of this tradition and Scripture By their owu definition ex cathedra the Pope must deolure ho oan no longer hold tho Primacy or oluiin infallibility by virtue of our Lord's words to Potor "The Ohuroh," says another writer, " oaunot judge aguiust an overwhelming majority of the Fathers without overthrowing the dcoree. of the council of Trent and the laws pf all tho general councils, whioh were passed by large majorities, and assume a moral unanimity." Tertullian; the historian says, " There is no prescription against truth, neither.-lapse of years nor patronage of persons, nor privilege of countries. Our Lord Jesus Christ aid not oall Himself ' custom,'; but truth. If Christ is eternal aud before all, truth must be also au etornal and ancient thing. What ever savours not'of truth is a heresy, even though it be au. ancient- custom." This we -Protestants think is the. position of things in regard to Papal infallibility. -To cito .tho caso of Caiaphas us an illustration or argument for ex-cathedra iufluenoo of the spirit' ls surely ' a - hurd shift- for the Vicar of Christ. We are taught that tho Apostles had to tarry at Jérusalem until. thoy woro endowed with power ' from on high. Their anpiiiting for their high-office was in a grander outpouring of the 'spirit than ever high priests had experienuod, and uulesa our Romanist brethren can rest their claim .to.infallibility upon the mainteuuuoo of that ponte costal outpouring in tba person of tho Pope, and still manifest its revivifying power over the heurta of roon by preaching of the Gospel, there is little hopo of tho world acknowledging bis olaim. But this ex-cathedra manifestation of divine inspiration rests upon an uusoriptural view of. tho doctrino of tho Holy Spirit. We ore nowhere taught that the Spirit is peculiar to un order, an office, or . an indi vidual." ' This ' Spirit that ' had ' its manifestation ut Pentecost did not rest upou Peter to tho exolusion of the other Apostles,'but was given to all for. tho work of the ministry. .The five thousand got it as well as they. It was never promised to run in lines poouliar to. successorshipin office cThe spirit of God 1B froe, and no'ohnnnel uf \rraoe such us is claimed. by tho long line of Roman' Bishops can warrant a ' dogma tuut -tho same spirit that ani mated the Apostles when they preached aud wrote 'rests peculiarly upon St. Peter's chair whon tho Pope has need to apouk ex-eathtdra. Fault-is found ,with Protestants oalling the Pope at Rome anti christ, but'in looking over the past it would bo found they had buen, taught the word by'the Romans themselves ¡ and here Mr.,Craigie referred to one who might well claim, the respect of Protes tant and Ron^unist afike-rPope G/rbgory tho Grout, who did BO muon to plant the Gospel ¡a Britain. Tho Churoh of Christ never had a more unselfish bishop. But there was little of the spirit of tho Popes of later centuries in tho mau or his work. Gibbon, the historian of " The Dooline and Fall of the Roman Empire," says, '' The epistles of St. Gregory, his sermons, and his dialogues aro the work of a man who wasseoond in erudition to none of his contemporaries." And Milner, the ohuroh historian, , said, " No man in any age ever gave himself up more sinoerely to the service of ' God and tho benefit of his fellow creatures," ..Power" in him. wns as voluntary servitude Tho historian says " I cannot persuade myself to cull him Pope. Ho pretended uot to anything like infallibility, uor did he ever attempt anything like a souular domination The seeds of anti-christ wore vigorously shooting iudeed, but idolatry, spiritual tyranny, and tho dootrino of tho merit of works, tho three discriminating1 murks of tho Papaoy, hud us yet no settled establishment at Rome.' Pope Gregory also wrote a grout work upon the Book of Job, and there pictures auti-ohrist as. ho appeared to bo then dawning upon tho churches and the world's life,, und in ono of his letters hu said ** All things which have booti predicted come to pass. The King of Pride is at hand und an army of priests is being prepared for him, for they who woro, appointed for tho very; purpose of giving power to humility are fighting for the neck of pride." In another letter ho says " I confidently say that whoever-call« himself or desires to be called the Universal Priest is the foreruuner of inti-nhriat in his pride, because by exnltiug himself he places himself before others Nor is his pride different from that wbi".h leads anti-christ to Kia . error, be cause aa that wicked on« wishnd to be thought, a God above all men. so tie who desires to be called the.: sole priest ; exalts -himself above all other priests." 'Gregory died WU A.n. If, theu, ono of . the greatest nf 'heir popes.' the last who.was canonised, describes the Papaiy as it ha* appeared to Protestants during these past centuries under tho term of anti-christ, surt-ly Pro testants thoms-lves contd. um be Mamad for using that word with regard to it. In this connen tion let nie quote another whom Pope and Cardi nals, Emperors and Kings, looked toms friend in their adversity, and w*in did a great work for the Church. Erasmus, in his New Testament, gives a personal note of what he saw at Rom J. ns a com ment npon Matthew '24oh. 23v. : "L>, here is Christ, or ther<i." :-" I saw with my own eyes Pope Julius II at Bologna, and afterwards at Rome, murohing at the head of a triumphant pro cession as if he were Pompey or Cre-mr. St. Peter subdued th« world with faith, not with anns and soldiers or military engines. St. Poter's successors will win as manv victories aa St. Peter won if they bad St. Peter's spirit." With a testimony like that from ono who n'as counted a friend of the Church of Rome all through Reformation times, wo can only seo how fully Pope -.Gregory's forebodings were fulfilled. Dr. Denny, of Broughty Perry, in his recent work says " that anointing which makea a man a telling witness to Christ is very likely ino ip iblo of hung defined, no material guarantee of it oau either be given or taken. Nd human ordination oin confur it. No pluoe in a historical succession, no matter how august pr .venerable, lina anything whatever to do with it.-V, We notioo its ubionoe. as Vinethas said, more readily than its presenno. Nevertheless it is a real thing.- lt is tho nine qua non of oifontivo wit ness bearing to Jesus Christ. Self-emptying is an essential condition of it. No mun can bear witness to Christ and tn himsolf at tho same time. In "Studies in Thoology," again, "Tho power of the Holy Spirit is only felt when the wi tu ess is uncon scious of self, and when others romain unconscious of him.".. Wo can judgo ourselves us well as tho Papal olaims in the light of words like thane. The s'irao writer BIBO says in another oonnootinn, " Christ's . gifts to it-that is tho Church-for the inaintaineuoe mid furtherance of its unity, are not offices and offiuiils, but spiritually endowed men, it is not in the fellowship of a priestly or episcopal order, much less in the fellowship of a Popo that it is one, it is one in tho fellowship of the "Inly Ghost. The Christian churches of Protestan I ism do not tldnk that the old mother ohuroli has much to offer us when she invites to reunion. Tho outward form of unity under a soveroign priost aud imposing organisation is not tho unity of thu Saint* that is a mark of the New Testament Church. They may taunt us with our Protestant divisions-und they are woeful enough,-but undemoath them alt we believe there will be fourni the true notes of unity required by New Testament touching. It is vain at this day to persuade mon that beoiuse there is " no bishop there is no ohuroh ; beoausu no bishop, I no apostolio tradition ; and no apostolic tradition, no Christian lifo." " A. world-wide uniformity of ecclesiastical organisation may be great and impos ing to some. To multitudes, and especially to free mon bred in domocraoies it ia oppressive an a night mare ; it suffocates all originality and enterprise in the Christian lifo." "And quoting Fairbairn, of Oxford, ho says, " Men aro gradually coming to seo that particular diuretics with their specific polities do not break tho unity of tho Catholic Church risiblo, »hilo their faith and love constitute tho unity of tho invisible." Again, Dr. Denny says, " A Congregationalist or a Presbyterian believes as devotedly .is nil Episuopuliau, or even n Romanist, iu the unity of the visible Oatholio Church ; but ho knows better thati to soak the signs of it in au] external badgo, in any formal ¡doa of priesthood or of ritual He knows that it is unity of lifo, not of organisation or of forms ; ho knows that the lifo which manifests itself everywhere under tlio iuspir- j atiou of Christ is too rich and potent to bo limited to any particular order, to tho oxolusion of others ; ho knows that tho more euergetio it is, the more will tho unity exhibit. itsolf | iu diverse forms, whioh do not dissolve it, but only declaro its power." Tho oneness for whiuh Christ prayod aaa ouly bo a ouaiioss of spirit aud loyalty to His truth. Not only amoug Protestants, but in tho Roman Church also, wherever that spirit and attitude is found toward our Lord and His Word there is fellowship and union that trau [ seends every other. When wo look up into thoso darkened heavens, we seo a multitude of stars and planets, - all sup.irate.1 from ono another by deep seas of space. Our fathers saw them as we soo them ; but as thoy gazed and wondered at their beauty, they thought that oach and all wore riding iu solitary state, aimless und heedless of each other's path. But we lift tho telosuopu of keener vision, | and lo, those very stars and planets aro scon lo move in obediehoo to One " who bringeth out their host by number. Ho uulleth them all by narnu; by tho greatness of His might, and fur that He is strong in power, not ono lailoth." These fields of spaoe aro filled with tho unseon cabios of infinite powor that hold thom moving in harmonious uuity. "Not ono faileth," beuauso they are all of ono family-" Ever singing as they shine, the hand that made us is divine," mid is it notiu thcsi higher regions where all true uuity is foua I ? The dark spaoas that separate- tho ohurohes (and nations of men) press heavily at times upon tho imagination ; but may wo not believe that hore too tho b inds of union aro nune tho less roul, though often hid from sight. It but needs a quickeued spiritual vision to see the whole Church of God .' aglow with tho lamp light and tho hearthlight of our Father's Homo," I _ I 