'CORNER' CHRONICLES. 'Abstract and Brlei ChroniclcF.™ — Hajilit. Mr Garnet Walch, the weli-known dramatic author, is now in Sydney. ? Mr Edwin Grach, junior, is touring manager for Mr George Bignold in Mel bourne. Last night the Royal Comic Opera Com pany staged' H.M.6. Pinafore ' at Melbourne Princes's. It is probable that George Bignold will visit New Zealand during the early months of next year. ' Youth,' with George Bignold as Frank Darlington, was played at Melbourne ltoyal yesternight. Friscilla Verne's serio-comic eong of last week, ' They've Changed their Occupations,' is about the riskiest, friskiest pieces of Bin— soot ever given at the Tivoli. The Brough and Boucicault Company, have concluded what the local press describe as ' a season that will long be remembered in Auckland, for its phenomenal success.' Bland Holt's tbitd production during his Dunedin season, 'A Woman's Bevenge,' main tained the excellent prospects foretold by enthusiasm shows at the opening perfor mance. Mr Abbey, the impresario, eays that Mi'bs Mary Anderson is the only American artiste that ever made any money in London. Her last season at the Lyceum made a profit of £16,000. ? Foe Tha Xetm of His Natural Life' wiU be the next production at Her Majesty's. Miss Marie Lnella has been engaged to lead in the Xmai pantomime at this theatre of ' Bobinson Crusoe.' One of George Coppin's (many) daughters joined tbe Bland Holt show for the New Zealand tour. A few years back this young lady jumped into the eoa at Soneoto and saved the life of a lady. Walter Bentlcy, who has played for up wards of a quarter of a century in all parts of the world, feas determined to bid farewell to the stage, and seek admission to the Adelaide car, after pasBing the necessary examinations. Tbe music teaching business is badly cut up in Sydney, but not so badly as in Birming ham, where one of the newspapers contains the following advertisement : — ' Violin taught at 6d a lesson ; bun and glass of milk inclnded.' Yet another new London theatre is to be built. Edgar Bruce, formerly oi 'The Colonel ' and the Prince of Wales', is to be manager, end the site is in Denman-street, off Piccadilly, The Eendals and Mr Willard are hankering, too, for mote theatres to con quer. In hiB latest revival oE 'Macbeth' at the London Lyceum Sir Henry Irving banished the ghost of Banquo from tbe banquet scene. The only thing that denoted the supposed presence of tbe speebe to the audience was a gleam of light upon the vacant chair. The effect is said to have been admirable. Perhaps the best proof that Lottie Collins is something more than a mere song and dance artiste (says a London correspon dent) lies in the vivacity and significance which she manages to impart to moBt un promising material. Just at present, Miss Collins has a Bong called ? Gerty, the Gaiety Girl,' which neither as regards wards nor melody rises above tbe commonest music hall level. Yet she makes it go, and with a rather brighter effort, called 'The Little Widow,' brings down the house at the Palace Theatre. Parisian dramatists are daring, very daring. London ' Topical Times ' Bays : — A daring play to be called - The Struggle of the Flesh,' isannonnced for October at the Bcnnais sance Theatre in Paris. The FleBh is to be represented by a model who poBes as Youth, Venns, and a nymph about to batbe. The play is to have butfoui personages, a famous sculptor, his son the hero, a modern girl, highly educated, intellectual, free but proper, ' and the model, who is a fallen angel, was . born (o a fcigker sphere, aod ii highly edu cated and clever. Madame Patah Bernhavdt hadadteedto take.it and be the modern ? girl in Paris and America. ThiB (Sunday) evening a concert will be held in the spacious hall of tbe Reform Club, 'lli, Caatiereagh-street, opposite the ProteBtant Hall. Visitors, ladies especially, are cordially invited. Mr Mackay Kdwards is accompanyiEt, and Ce.pt H T Douglass president. Amongst the passengers by the B.SI.S. Vuletta, which has aimed at Adelaide, is Mr. Courtice Pounds, who has come out under engagement to Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove for the Boyal Comic Opera Company to replace Mr Joseph Tapley, who recently completed hiB engagement with that firm. The tent which the Fitzgerald Brothers are having built for their Maoiiland tour is tbe biggest ever turned out in Australia. It will cover a space of 200ft by 130ft, and in the hoist will be as high as the dome of tbe Exhibition Building, to allow of Prof. Peart's and Mdlle. Antonio's great leaps. The work has been entrusted to Mr D, Hardie, of Sussex-street, and he is making a fine job of it, the material being best American drill, strongly roped and canvas stayed, to enable it to meet the heavy strain the Etructure's enormous size and height will put upon it 