t Tliora mSEi . <.»>" < t V V - ? VJ.." \- _ . . vT .£ , V i .. '>; ' C Xa b» lordship waiting: breakfast, Una, or has he ahead? begun f1 eriectliady Evesham, rushing like a whirlwind in a tiding habit into fixe great cool, pillared hall &f; jSvesnam rxouae one xair may morning. <« His lordship is not yet down, my lady ; Jjat Leon has been with him three-quarters bf an hoar," answered Parkins. " Then serve breakfast ; his lordship won't be long." And Lady Evesham, with the lilt of a valse to which she had danced the previous night bubbling from her lips, be- took herself to the sunlit, flower decked snuggery where she and her huBband always had "heir first meeting of the day. .. < -Ia, lai-la, la, la. Ah, how pretty that is said she, finishing the phrase with - a little trill. " And how well Rupert jLeightoa dances ! But then he's a sort of modern ' Admirable Crichton 1 — and he knows it." She pulled her white sailor- hat from her oloee-curled head, and then began to unbutton her riding-gloves. " But I suppose tie's been spoilt. He's r/wfully handsome, and he's had a curious success .in making women the fashion. He launohed Lady Lowestoft two seasons ago, and P m sure she's np great beauty, with her sea-green eyes and white drawn face ; yet she's been all the rage. Last night he said he meant to make me the new beauty." A delicious little smile dimpled the corners of her mouth and flickered in the depths of her grey eyes. "Ah ! what non sense I'm thinking. I'd better see what the post has brought. She turned briskly from the window to the breakfast- table, but the coquettish smile still lingered in her eyes as she ran through her morning's correspondence. "A card for the duchess's dance on Thursday. Concert tickets from Madame Bono. Hum ! — ail the Royalties going. I must buy tbem, I suppose. To meet the Prinoe at Mrs Samuel Eichstein's. Heavens 1 how these Jews do get everybody. What's this ? An invitation to dinner from Mrs de Montmorency. Why, that's the dreadful woman who had a stall next mine at that bazaar affair up in Scotland. Tony Brockle- hurst -told me she was quite impossible," She tossed the notes aside, mid gave a little yawn that just showed two rows of very white teeth and the tip of a scarlet tongue. ' What a dull poBt ! 1 wonder if John has got anything better?" Her white fingers wandered among the pile of letters by her husband's plate. "From the steward ; from Jenks, the trainer ; from the lawyers. Three with the city postmark, five from clubs. (That one is from Lady Janet Stepney, I know — begging, of course, for her orphans, or curates, or indigent mothers ; that's from Bertie Stanhope — what a niggle he writes ; and Oh ! this must be what they call a type -written thing." Lady Evesham picked from the scattered pile a common square envelope bearing an East-end postmark and addressed in type to " The Viscount Evesham, Evesham House, Park lane." " How queer it seems that a machine should write all that so straight and neat, rd no idea it looked so tidy and business-like. " 1 think I'll make John buy me one to write to my dressmaker with. Typewriting looks so awfully fierce." She scrutinised the letters Btill closer. " This one isn't quite faultless, though. There's something wrong with the capital E. It's got a white spot Ah ! John at last ! " She dropped the letter among the others, and ran to greet her husband, who stooped from bis superior height and kissed her very lovingly. A year ago society had called John, Viscount Evesham, aged 65, a fool to saddle his wealth and his freedom with a mere girl as a wife ; but his bride had been so sweet, so gracious, so innocently pleased with her new surroundings, and so unaffected, that at the beginning of this her second season -the most cyuical had voted the marriage a suc cess, and the young viscountess an acquisi tion. Lord Evesham adored. his wife, yet with that tentative worship, that love tinged with dcnbt, which must always be where the adorer is speeding swiftly down life's hill and the object of adoration is every day growing more lovely and move desirable. His first few months of married life, when, &S; a bride, Lady Evesham, had won wide spread and open admiration, had been tor ture to him. Even now lis self-depreciatory doubts were only lulled to slumber by the perfectly blameless conduct of his wife. " I'm sorry to have kept you wailing, my dear," he began, with old-fashioned courtesy, "but the morning was so fine I made sure you would prolong your ride." "So I might have done, for Mr Leighton —he has quite constituted himself my cavaliere servants in the Row — was most amusing ; but Kittie Hamer joined us, and it's horrid riding three abreast— one has to shout so. |I left them at the top of the Row, and " "Leighton rides with you, does heP" queried Lord Evesham, looking over the top of his letters. "Yes, dear ; almost always.'' And then an utterly unaccountable foolish blush rose from the edge of her linen collar to where the tendrils of her tawny hair kissed her White brow, until throat and ears and cheeks Were alike bathed in the crimson tide. ' ' Hum !" said his lordship, while Lady Evesham, furious with herself at the trick her unruly self-consciousness had played With her, took refuge in her breakfast. Silence regained, broken only by the faint tinkle of the silver and china and by the ruslle of Lord Evesham's letters. Suddenly he started, grew pale, then red, looked from his wife to a slip of paper in his hand , and back again. What a strange coincidence! " _ "Watch your wife in typewritten characters, stared fwmf the paper before him ; opposite was the downcast face of Ins wife — the face which bad beenbuta moment back dyed with a guilty blush at the chance mention of . the name of a mere Acquaintance. The next moment he gathered up hit letters And left the room. Lady Evesham, too, sprang from her chair. " Why was Isuch afool?" she cried to ber- elf in a tollxairror, What made me do such » man who—-' She did not speak the Wprdfi that Vose to ber lip®. Only tfTfainr usHo of woman who to beautiful, who is flattered, wbo is beloVeddawned ag&intnthe; misty depths of her eyes. Audit was with that mine smile that she welcomed Mr Leighton in her opera-box that dght» and it was with he same mysterious smue of triumph that, an hour later, she floated round a ballroom in the arms of the man for whom she bad blushed so strangely in the morning. Before Lord Evesham's eyes and in hfa ears were ever the Wordy, "Watch your wife !" A younger man, onearer of his hold upon a woman's heart, would have shown her the shameful thing. Bat he was -afraid, fie tried to keep the burden of doubt aud dis belief to himself ; yet Beatrix Evesham guessed at Its existence, though she knew neither Its origin nor reason. Only she felt that there was no love behind his courtesy, no warmth in his kindness, ao faith in his generosity. "Watch your wife!" Lord Evesham watched, and Lady Evesham knew it. One night, at Hurlingham, her wounded pride found vent. Rupert Leighton, as ever, was by her side as she strolled to the river's edge, and, with the petulance of a spoilt child, for, the first' time gave words to her trouble. She -was overwrought, and tor a few moments she spoke hysterically, in coherently, scarcely-reckoning that she had a listener. Then, with a little sob, she dropped her head on her arms and began to cry, as an angry woman will. " Laay Evesham, what you tell me shocks me terribly ! Are you sure ?" 11 Am I sure ? I am dogged at every hour of the day. I am questioned about my move ments, then doubted to my face. It is most shameful !" " It is most cruel," said Leighton, slowly. "Pardon the question, but have you given him any cause ?" "Mr Leighton ! how dare you !" flashed from her through the cobalt summer night. He bowed humbly before he spoke again. "Then, to what do you attribute this change ? Has any other woman- ? She shook her head. Suddenly through the shadows Rupert Leighton's hand stole to Beatrix Evesham's arm, aud he drew her so close to bim that his breath fanned her hot cheeks, " Lady Evesham, I have an idea. What if your husband is carrying on an intrigue with a woman ? What if he fears discovery and subsequent proceedings, and is even now making every effort to tramp up a counter charge against you "Ah! Mr Leighton, bow horrible, how Gruel to ruin one woman, and that his wife, at the expense of another — — !" "Whom he loves," whispered Leighton. " Do you not see, can you not believe, that this is the truth — that he is tired of you — that your youth and innocence and beauty are not enough for him P Ah ! Lady Evesham — Beatrix— let me convince you ; let me find proof that what I say is tjrue." _ "Mr Leighton, I cannot, dare not, ask you to interfere in .this most terrible difficulty. You've been my friend, my good mend, and I believe you have my happiness and welfare at heart, but " Leighton's arms were about her now ; his heart beat strong against her breast. " Beatrix J" he murmured hoarsely, "I have uo friendship for you. Xove, adora tion, passion fill me fcr y»u. If I can con vince you of the truth of my suspicions, glye me my guerdon — give me yourself." She slipped from his arms and fled down the dim pathway. " Where have you been all this time?" said her husband's voice through the dusk. "The horses have been waiting for half an hour. " " I am ready to so," answered Lady Eves ham, and, looking neither to the right nor to the left, she swept before him to her car riage. \- Lady Evesham slept little' that night. Her shattered faith in her husband's loyalty and trust, LeightoVs love, her own unhappiness, jostled in her brain the weary hours through, and it was a very ghost or Lady Evesham who sipped her chocolate next morning mid broke the seals of half a dozen letters. Suddenly the blood rushed, to her pale face. She sat upright among her lace trimmed pil lows. A common envelope, bearing a type written address, quivered in one hand; a slip of paper was in the other. "If you would have a proof, be in private room No. 3 at the Imperial Cafe to- day at four o'clock." " N« signature, no address," cried Beatrix Evesham. "But the envelope is enough. The E's are broken like those on that other letter which came five weeks ago. Ah ! who can be so base, so wicked as to wish to wantonly destroy the happiness of two lives?" The big clock over the Imperial Cafe bad barely struck four, wben a woman, whose perfect toilette was marred bv the singular thickness of her veil, glided into the doorway and asked the way to the private rooms. " Upstairs and to the left. " And scarcely- had the lady disappeared when Lord Evesham passed into the building, and followed in the fair one's footsteps. His lordship moved quickly, but in spite of his efforts only arrived in the discreet cor - ridor on which the private rooms were, in time to hear the sharp click of a closing door, followed by an exclamation in a voice he knew too well. The sound came from No. 3. Lord Eve sham looked round. Luncheons were oyer, j dinners not yet begun ; ha was alone, and in another second was pressing his eye to the small keyhole You here, Mr Leighton ! 1 don't under stand," said the voice. . - " Lady Evesham, don't put me in the posi tion- of having to explain." It was Leighton who answered. "Explain? Explain what? Ah ! a light breaks in upoh me. I begin to understand. It is you— yon — a gentleman, a friend, who < sent the letter to my husband which has nearly broken his heart mid wrecked my life. It is you, the maker of society beauties, the most popular man in town,, who have woven a tissue of lies about me, and have Spread a net tor me to-day into whioh my feet have almost strayed. Answer me, fcar wblce all thtonghbad been low and steady, it was Letghtoa'S which shook aa he&aswered;— " Because— because Ilove you 1" ? M Bah 1 Mensuch as you do not know the meaning of that sacred word. The reason I came here to-day was to discover the identity! of the person, man or woman, who sent those two letters to nry husband's house. I find rm, whom I believed to be a friend, whom now know to be a foe— -and you talk to me of love i" She fluug out her hands, "Ah! that I were a man to punish you as you de serve !" Her prayer for a righteous revenge was answered. The door opened a little space, and the tall, spare form of Lord Evesham Slipped into the room. " John 1 You here ?'' cried Lady Evesham, laying her fingers aoross her mouth to stifle the Ufctle scream of joy that hrose in her throat. " Stand aside said his lordship. Then, with upraised arm, he advanced on the cul prit. Twice the writhing viotim cried for mercy, and twice Lord Evesham muttered, " Coward J' When at last the heavy, walking-stick snapped in two, Lord Eves bam, without cast ing one look at what lay at his feet, turned to his wife and led her from the room. Once ontside in the dim silence of the. cor ridor, Lady Evesham raised her husband's hands to her lips and kissed them. " Thank yon — thank you a thousand times. But, oh ! my dear, why did you not trust me?" Lord Evesham bowed low before her. " Dear wife ! I cannot regret what I have done to-day. I shall trust you to the last hour of my life." Then her ladyship reeled a little. J ohn, dear, take me home' quickly. It was an awful sight. I feel — rather— faint." — " The World." 