HELD OVER,—Owing topressure on our space we axe obliged to bold over a letter from "Land Taxation" and several other matters. Rum's CANDLE-GUESSING COMPETITION. —The guessing competition, in respect t5" the length of time a, huge candle would bum, instituted by Mr F. C. Reid as an advertisement for bis teas, has answered all expectations, and has created , intense interest. The candle was lit on ihe evening of Saturday, December 22 of "last year, and was extinguished during the holidays and while the shop was closed. On Saturday afternoon- last at 4.40 the flame expired. The time during which the «miiln actually burned (certified by Mr Leaney, watchmaker and jeweller} was 94 hours i 23min. The nearest guess was that of Mr J. Walsh, of the Kyneton Butter Factory,! whose estimate of the endurance of the candle was 91 hours 20min. Miss Birdie Birkin, of Spring Hill, takes second prize with 94 horns 2min. 9sec. as her guess. The third neareetgaess was 34 hours 56min. 34sec. by Mrs' M'Kav, of Kyneton. The worst guess (for which there was also a prize) was won by Mr E. Looby of Malmsbury, who conceived that the candle would burn for 998,898,789,687,467 hours 69£inin. <59$sec. The prizes are payable on demand at Mr Reid's establishment. DBOKI AND DISOBDEBLT.—Constable Murphy 'arrested a man named John; Brennan on Saturday afternoon for being drank and disorderly. On Sunday he became very violent, .and it was with ^ome danger to ^themselves that the constables went oesir him. . When ConstablB Galvin went into the locknp on Monday morning Brennan was acting like a, jnadman,>nd he nearly tore the waistcoat off Constable Galvin. All the morning he kept shouting out, and making a great noise. He was brought before Dr Domain, JJB., yesterday morning, and xemanded'to the Caatiemaine Qospital for a week for medical treatment, Afctheend of that tinie he will be brought before tie Caetiemaine bench. In the court the prisoner kept- wp Hng remartB, «ilfhig not to be ehot this lime, but to be : gimn another chance, and he would not do it again. UHUXD CHDBCH MSBUHGS.—Daring this week a series of united meeting arebeinc held by the Baptut, Injependeii, Preoby tenan, and Wesleyan Ghurchea. The first was held last night, in the Wesleyan Church. The Rev James M'Bode was chairman and conducted- the service, the address bains delivered by tte Bev W,~ H..8oott, who jurged theaeceagtyjEorrrepentenoe, bnmiliataon, confession, and thanksgiving « preparation for successful wo& for God, indiyiduslly andas <amrch_commnmtieB. <3a>ere was a large congregatuni, -comptaed of reprBaeutabvosflftJiechuKhes interested, a k SppCBBSFVI. OBEEA3TOK.—Iiast T73ek Dr Duncan, asastedbythe medical ctaS of the Kyneton hogatal jwrBormedafc operation on a ladaamed ^Robert Murphy. asoi at CariSmhEL i' ^Sie fori^oving&imninir.of.ihe;, _ .Mdtf JfieatirfBctory tostateihiit" the operation habbeen very successful, that the patiantras «ow mending tapidly The operation was one of tbemoet ~ Sadlrtlhe^amB tinife 2(Hi6 «ver perfoimed-in>UiB . „„ , _ ®ha.jtamanr. which it .also Jomidjn&oefes;^Mto sided.&e;:£ae«Kj and this has soWj uncan as totw aste enbonto, ongpngoi) i^ibfii - KTNETON COUNTY CODET AND GBNEBAI SBSSIOHS.—Usually these courts have been held four times during the year. This year only three sessions have been provided for, on the following dates:—February 5, July 9, October 29. NOTICE OF REMOVAL.—Mr Wm.. Pitt, of the Equit&ble; Cash Store, Mollison street, notifies that he has secured a lease of the premises in Mollison street, now oocupjed by Mr WellmenB, and hB intends to removo* into them on the 21st inst Full particulars appear in our advertising columns. THE SHIBE ARMS HOTEL.—The Licensing Court sat for a long time on Saturday listening to the police objections against the renewal of the' license for the Shire Anns Hotel being granted to Mr J. Wedgwood. Mr Gaunson appeared for the applicant, and Mr Superintendent Toohey, as licensing injector, to object. The evidence of the civilian witnesses in support of the objections amounted toan excdlent character for Mr Wedgwood and the hotel. Mr Gaunson was not called on to reply, and the license was renewed. This case. was S A NEW PLUMBKK, AM-RMR N. T. Loukes ^notifips that he has started bucdneas aa a plumber, tinBmith, etc, in Trentham. > Pai> aculais will be found in another column. ' A SUCCESSFUL TENDKBER.—The Board <ti Lakd and-Works has accepted the tender of £. and W. Dettmaun for repairs to platelayers' implements for the year on' the' Lancefield JTdnc&on; to Castlemaine, Csrlsrnhe to IVylesford, and theJledesdsje line., "ON SDSB -Bsnxns."—Punch writes':' Mr Thomas.-Ewing, son of Mr T. A. Ewing, of-Tyldeo, gave a very able and interesting lecture " On Some Bridges," under the auspices of the Wattle Literary and Musica} Society of Mentone, in the Recreation Hall, Mentone Parade, on Thursday-evening,-the 20th December. There was a large and appreciative audience present, the lecturer's remarks being frequently applauded. The lecture was illustrated with some magnificent limelight views kindly shown by Mr. James Pettigrew. AJf.A. CABKTTAL.—The programme of the A.N. A. Carnival, to be held on the 26th inst, appears'in another column. Nominations for all events, unless otherwise specified, close with the secretary, Mr E. Armstrong, on Saturday next, 12th inst. Acceptances close on the 19th inst, and entries for the horse races (dose on Friday, 18th inst. Two HUNDBED FISHERMEN LOST.—An Argus cablegram states that an accurate estimate is only now being arrived at of the loss of life during the gales which lately ravaged tbe coasts of England. Two hundred fishermenbailing from the ports of Hull and Grimbsy are found to have perished during the storms. SriBxrtsu EXPOSED.—Newspaper readers will remember the recent troubles in spiritist circles in Sydney, and the challenge of Mr Ernest Hosting to produce, merely by pure trickery, any phenomena claiming a spiritist origin. How successfully Mr Hosking manifested his marvellous powers, creating a great sensation by his reproduction of Cissie, Geordie, and Josephine, and all the other Mellon ghosts, is now history. The Kyneton public are to be afforded an opportunity of witnessing a demonstration pf Mr Hosking 3 s powers, at the Mechanics' on" Thursday evening next. Spirit forms will walk across the stage, shake hands with the committee, and dematerialise before their eyes. MB ZEAL DECLINES DISTINCTION.— When the New Year honours were announced surprise was generally expressed at the omission of the name of Mr Zeal, President of the Legislative Council, from the list of those on whom knighthood bad been conferred. We (Anms) now learn, however, that an offer was made to that gentleman to confer .on him the title of C.M.G, but as this was an inferior distinction than had been conferred on his predecessors he -declined it. The friends of Mr Zeal state that he is personally not very desirous of having a prefix to his name, but -that at thesame time he did not feel justified in having the dignity attaching to his office lowered by accepting a minor distinction. As far as;Mr Zeal is concerned, hff is studiously sienton the subject. "f AUCTION SAT/ES.—To-day, fqmmencing at 12 o'clock, Messrs Glover, Onians. and Co. will submit to auction the estate of the late Mr Joseph Stubbs, of Tylden. The sale will be held at the farm, near the Tylden railway station. Tbe catalogue is very lengthy.—To-morrow and on Thursday, commencing at 1 o'clock, Messrs Marshall and Stringer will hold a clearing sale for Mr B. WellmenB, at the Federal Emporium, Mollison street—On Thursday Mr W. M. Johnson will sell Mrs Spaven's household furniture and effects. S A MINER'S UNPLEASANT EXPERIENCE.— The Collmann and Tacchi Freehold Company recently-determined to test the Nelson line of reef, from which good returns are being obtained in the next mine north—Johnsoo'4 Gold Mines. To do this it was necessary to clean out and deepen an old eastern shaft This has now been cleaned ont for a depth of 15ft., and on Friday morning Robert Owen and James N&nkervis; went down the shaft to continue their work. They soon came upon some timber in the ehaft, and tins broke away, precipitating Owen to the bottom, a distance of 30ft. Nankervis saved himself by clinging to the whip rope. An alarm was raised, and Nankervis hauled to the surface. Another miner named Jas. Tonkin then went down to get Owen out, but he was driven back by the foul air; a second attempt was similarly unsuccessful. Water was then thrown down the shaft and the foul air dispersed. Tonkin descended a third time, and succeeded in fixing the whip-rope roundOwen, who was hauled to the surface in an unconscious condition. Drs Atkinson and Thom were sent for and examined Owen, who has several broken ribs. As the shock to his system does not appear to be severe, the medical men expect him to recover. THE MINISZBT AND T*E LAND TAX BILL —An informal meeting of the Cabinet was held on Friday, when the hostile attitude which the Legislative Council appears to take in regard to the LandT Tax and Income Tax Bill was discussed. . The Premier, when seen on the subject at a later stage, said to an Age representative that wholly unauthorised statements had appeared in the Press to the effect that if the Bill were rejected Parliament would be prorogued, and another session held, in which the bill would be sent op to the Council again, and that if it should be rejected a second time it would. be tacked to the Appropriation Bill, leaving the Council' to accept tbe responsibility ol bringing about a deadlock.. Sncka contingency, the Premier stated, bad. not even Ee&T; feoatemplated,-for. the simple "reason that-it "would be absurd for Ministers to anticipate events so greatly as to decide what comse they-would pursue in the event of the Council <dealing with the Bill in a certain Way, which, in factj might never happen at all. Hie Cabinet, before it can arrange about' the future, moat wait TintiL the Council decides in what yray it will deal with the measure;' it will then "be time enough to consider, Mr Tomer added, what shall be done if the Conncil should reject the bill, or if it should resolve to set it aside; with a new to asking for a conference of the" two Honses on the subject, V;.s- ,' A VALUABLE APPOINTMENT.—The TIMET again refers tottwpropoaedappointmentof- Mr E. M. G. Eddy, the retiring T&AEF; commisaioner of<the Aew SpothCTales eulways,' as chairman of the board OL directors of the; Southeastern Railway COMPANY in sue. cession to Sir E. W. WATIDN, M^P. . IT strongly supports the Appointment of Mr Eddy in preference to Mr Russell Fenton. . .Mr J. T'. HoGAN, jnember of the House of Commons jfor J^IA-I&PPEAUY;,. who is at pwsent onai RVUITTO FEE^colonies, DEHV&ED; an address the Cathedral Hotel on Satnrday EVENING before A LAIGE gath&nng; of members AT-THE Mefbonme.JIR^ . ON the enbjecfc, "Impressions aqd EzpenenpeB o£ the London Press." Mr HOGAA, TWHPVAS f<ajnedy on the staff of ^ H E S ^ is SWF, -A constant: coiitfihiiter to several :London P$peis, &nd; therefore" hehadWich. to-SLJ -tint VAS OF special interoet TO BIH audience, J Choosing TIB fetibjecfwitlf A JOURPABSJ^B isstmct, he had the satadfaciion of jseaing 4HA FIRSTarticle 'be wrote BO but thSBis ffc" ixpenunce that falls totfie lot iff btftfewibvenSrf those lihoaftttwu-de •arucle on rtolomal'-topicfs ip , ^ndon »ewBpaper?-iintt -most of the other papers have sinae*aap?®a A&OiaaC; A pleasant aiBHiSBiontolhmacl'&B; «4dreB£,«nda vote Of thanks ConctoWn ten^ of hearly cpo-j , COMPULSOBT VOITOO IN AHEBICA.— Kansas city men who did not vote in 1890 and the late election are "to be sued by the city to test a peculiar law. The charter provides that voters who do not vote at the -general city election every two years shall he charged with a poll, tax of £50 each.'- ..The registration books of the city show, that there were several thousand voters who did not exercise their right of franchise last spring. At J£50 each these men owe the city a large amount, and as that sum or any part of it would come very handy just now the city counsellor has taken the first Btep towards collecting it. The money so collected goes into the sanitary fund, but it benefits the city departments, find money that wonld otherwise be taken from the revenue fund for other purposes is appropriated for sanitary purposes. HjJf of the best known business men and manufacturers, professional men and capitalists, those who have large property interests; will find their names on the list of delinquents. The "men who are mostly directly interested in a financialway in the government of the city are the men who seem to take no part in politics and neglect to.vote. • \- STEASQE SHOOTINS CASE.—The Pettavel shooting case came before the police court j&t; Geelong "again on Friday, when Eugenie Hoffman, postmistress at Pettavel, was charged with counselling her labouring man, Biske, to shoot at her husband, George Hoffman, with intent to do grie^DE bodily harm. Biske was slsc the dock charged with shooting at George 'SoXtatfn. Both prisoners pleaded not .goUty. The evidence for the prosecution showed'that ott thei23rd nit. Hoffman, who is separated from his wife, came to the latter's residence, and while he was having breakfast- with Biske she ordered him. away, but as he refused, she told Biske to shoot him. The latter got the gun and fired two shots, the charge from the second entering Hoffman's back. After hearing the evidence both" accused Were committed to take their trial at the Geelong Supreme Court. . . KAPOK.—Last week Mr Trendergast, M.LA., waited on the Minister of Agriculture and showed him some pods grown £n tbe South Seas from which kapok was obtained. There is a large quantity of this material imported annually into the colony for the manufacture of bedding, and the member for North Melbourne suggested that an effort should be made to grow the pods here, as he had been informed the Boi and climate were both suitable for their cultivation. Mr Taverner promised to have an experimental plot planted at the Royal Horticultural gardens, Burnley. PUGILISM. — Those interested in the maintenance of halls devoted to boxing exhibitions and instructions in the " noble art," will learn with some satisfaction that according to the decision of the Prahran magistrates hotels must not be used for boxing entertainments. The defendant, Esther Coleman, was fined 10s, as the object of the police was to obtain a conviction which would operate as a warning to licensed'victuallers.- THE BOT FLY.—-The bot fly has become so troublesome to horses at Harcourt as to set them almost unmanageable in the plough or in carts. The fly lights thickly on the horses, and deposits eggs about the neck, principally at the throat. 