St. Patriok's R.C, Dhuroh. CONFIRMATION SERVICES. ADDRESSES BY AROIIDISnOI' DUNNE. O.v Sunday inonilng his Ortioo Archbishop Duimu udtniiiintercd tho Bueramont of Cou- firuintlon after 11 o'clock mass nt St. Put- rick's Konmu Catholic Gliuruh io 261 children (122 gitlsaml 132 boys), tho largest number of idiiulron confirmed at otio thin for manv years. These children, who oumo from tho surrounding districts ui well lis tho (own, lmvo been under Instriietion for noma time, and have been well grounded iu tho prcconts of their fnltli, and iu this good work tlio Sinters of Muroy aud tho Buvs. Father O'CouucU, Balluy, mid Walsh, assisted by a number of willing holtiere, liavo spaml 110 cti'orls to liavo tlio children ready for tho im portant ceremonies which took pluco last Sunday. . Long before tho timo arrived for tho nolo- hratlim of tho 11 o'clock miuw, the s|mcioiis aucreil edifioo was crowded to such cxccm tliut all lute arrivals wore iitmblu to obtain ndinis- slon, Tho children, tho majority of whom ' had tnado thoir First Communion in tho morning nt n o'ciock mass, presented tin at- traotivo apiwaranuo, mid a brighter looking, I lioatthlor lot of otiitdron it would In> ditllcuit I to fimi. As tliu vonerablo ArclibtHhon sub- 1 sequent ly remarked, tho Australian ufiildreu are tho " cream of oroation," uud tlio Darling I Downs children are iilifung tho grandest lu Australia I lis Grace, tliu Arehblsbup, lookcsl lmlo, and spoko with all his old timo clear- now of iittcrnnco uud foruihlo logic. Ho seemed thoroughly nt homo, mid no might well bo, for iiromul him wore familiar faces, many of which ruenUcd old days. Sir Put- rick Jennings, K.O.M.G., oeuopied n seat In- sido tho altar rails, His Grace was uttundrd I by tlio Itov. Futlior J, J. llonin (Warwick), 1 and tlio itov. Fathers O'Comioll aud Walsh, Fatlior Balloy colobmtod Moss, After Mush. Tlio Arehbishop said ho doslrod to address 1 a fow words to tho ohitdrep, a summary ns It wero of thoinstruutlon they had been receiving during the past fow tnontliN, When tlioy wore nttlo children tliey wore brought to tlio churuli to bo baptised, and their s|K)HKors entered luto u covenant with Uod that thoy would lovo Him amlsurvo Ilim all the days of their lives, nnd Qod premised to thoin ut! neeonsary holp !n tills world nnd ovorhisting happiness iu tho noxt. That was tho con- tract or tho covenant entered into by tho oliihlren'H sK)Usors 011 thoir part, uud by tho priostou (ho partof God Almighty at tho I timo of thoir bnptum. Now tlio children had I como us it were to tho throshohl or Imgiuuiug 1 of their responsibilities lit life. Thoy wero I invited now to como forward, 110 longer through their sponsors, hut hy their own acts or deeds to confirm oil thoir part tlio cavo- I mint of thoir baptism. Tho oliildrou wore I now suppomxl to uo old onougli to know what I tlioy wore doing, to bo iioqimiutod with tho priuclnleM of tho luw of God, and being so iicqunmtod tlioy emtio forward and confirmed the eovonuut of their baptism, and hunco largely tho sacrumuut was called Confirma tion. Tho uhildron confirmed 011 their purt what tiiuir sponsors promised for thoiu, and tlio Arehbishop confirmed on tho nart of God tho pruudso made by God at their baptism. Now, Inonlor Hint tho Siuimiiiont ho ourried I out In tho irtto spirit, two things were nocos- sary, Ono was that they should bo old enough to know what tlioy wero doing, and tlio otlior that thoy millleioiitly understand tho law of God. It wan noeessnry thoy should bo old etiuugb to know what I tlioy wore doing, Ijociiiiho as lUllo I oliildrou, tlireo, four, five, and six Years of 1 ago they wero not held responsible for their nuts. But tlioy wore now old enough to know what thoy wore doing, to thoroughly uphold j tho responsibilities of life so (hoy caino for- I ward aud took their part anil placo in tills Holy Saurumuul. Thoy wero aupposod to know tlio law of God beeauso that law was exactly what was imparted to them lu their Catechism. Tho Cutoolilim was but an explanation fitted to their minds of (ho Ten Goimiiaiiduots. It (aught thoiu to servo God hero on earth. Of all tho oodo or laws that wore over formed ou this earth there was nono so comprehensive us tho Toil Command ments. Tlioy covered tho whole law of God us uoucKHury for their salvation. Tho first, second, and third eouuniimlmunls referred to thoir duty . to God. tho . fourth coimnnud- mout referred hi tholr parents, and (ho 6th, Gtlij 7th, nud Hili laid out tliu whole relation hotweun man mid man In this, world., Muti IIUU »«»»» iu MH» «U»» »'» p--- " I h h llfo, the right to his family, tho right to li s property, and tho right to his ohnraator. Now tho ommnundmoiits covered thoso rights. Thoy must respect tholr/ neighbor's I pro— "thou sbalt not kill." They, must rpspcot tlioir neighbor's filthily—' " thou shall I hot oominit udulicry." Tlioy must res|m»t their neighbor's property—" thou shall not1 steal," They must respect their nnlghtmr's character—" thou slmlt not boar false witness ugaiust tby itQiuhlKir." Tlioy would see that tlio wholo 01 tlio rotations Iratweon man und tnuu were covered by Ihaeoiiiinnudmonls, Thoir Catechism was a smull oxplauutiou of tho taw of and, and tlioy wero required to know thoir euteebism, to under stand tlio law of God before tlioy were ad mitted to Confirmation. Tho saenuuout of Confirmation oonslstod us it wore of threo parts, tho first was tho Bishop extending Ids hands over thoso to 1m> confirmed, the soooud was tho sign of tho Gross— tho holy chrism, and tho third wiih when tho Bishop preyed to tho Holy Ghent to 001110 down and take pos session of thoso souls and taidies that had heon consecrated to him Tho Bishop ex tended Ids hands on tho jwirt of Owl to toko delivery of tlio children, and uinko them soldiers o? God. Thn Bishop then signs tliu Higu of tho Gross Ixsaitiso tho Sign of the Cross is God's soul upon oarlli. Tliu greatest oathedrals of Europe, suuli as St. I'uul's. Cologne, Notre Jiamn, und other grand enthodrulH reisod iu Gist's iintno all iiear tho Uign ox tno viross, anil 1 no poor jiuiq»cr n n»vu in tlio gruvo-yurd Inul a little wwslou Cross on itiiH God's seal, and sign and mark, i'ho I lUtlo oldhl going to taiptium received the Sign of tho Cross, ami tho old man journoy- itig down, going to Ids gruvo, received tliu hist sacrament from tho ohuruh, and a Sign I of tho Gross. '11m Sign of tlio Cross was God's seal from Iwgiuulug to uud. Tliu early morning prayer Iwgou with tlio Higu of U10 I Cross, nnd so did tho ovotdng prayer, it was God's mark and God's sou). IIu sealed 1 tiiotn witli thn Holy Chrism, bocunso elirism was tho oil with whloh Kings wero aimointed. There was David und the oilier Kings of Israel who wero aoitoliited as Kings and entered God's Kingdom, nud hocamo wor- I shippers of Gad iitul <fosiis Christ. Ho I would now siMink to tlio ndulta present. Ho I uked them to offer un a heartfelt prayer to God for thoso llttlo oliildrou who wero being confirmed, lliat tlio Holy Ghost might tako possessioii of thoin and retain ikihsos- , shm of thom all tho days of their pil grimage ou earth. In Owl's immo ho uskwl them to go hack in spirit to tho timo and place of thoir own confirmation, perhaps many thousands of tnilos from hero, porimhs many yours ago, and usk thomsolves In the iiresouuo of Gwl uud in tlio surroundings of uiinnJ «.nnmi<mv in wliut way thoy had kept tlicfr part 'of tho covenant with God. It i would lie well that all of thorn dhl that, and I did It now. Tlio time would oomo puritans 1 1 wiien thoy least oxpeotod it, whon thoy would I ho summoned before Almlghly God to give uu account an to how th«y have kept tliooova- mmt. When thoir Lord was dying on tho cross ho wss nblo to tuni io ills ltUimul Fatlier and say. " Futlior, ttio work you gavo. mo to do I have finished." Could any Christian say thowimo? Tlioro were many of thorn If thoy spoko candidly whon evening ooiiio would liavo to say, " Father, Master, tlio work you gave ino to do Is . not finishod, tlio work yon gavo mo to do I liavo not com- tnonccd, I have lived my lifn through' and hover gave it a serious thought;" His Greco, assisted by tho Itov. Fathers Koran uiul Walsh, then administered the Snorauiuut to the oliildrou, after which ho delivered a second address, pregnant willi good advice as to their future. Ho warned thorn against tho rnuks on tholr cutirso In tho voyago of Ufo. Tho tlireo most dangoroiis rocks, and thoso to whloli ho wished to draw particular attention wore Idloness, had com- jinny, und forgotfuliioss of God. On «i wb «J tlicso (lungers tho Archbishop dwelt »t lenRth. In tin. Hint nlnuo l.o torn ntfllJl.Hl IdlflMM, wide!. W(H : thou- nidi". no iHir-.v.d J" cdnontiiif, our vmllli, .iL-.u.Intlj' F mluontlon II Ml«ni»" «J'' 1 1 ' ' « ' "" " Of wtiut nvnll (WIH .ul.nf.n. p Pi,od t"'SS tf VZ .l'u»Wou«, t-i bo f'm.1 of work, nnd 1.0 »d»l«<l tho paronts to fnciilonto Industrious I (' ' the uldM. I to noxt dwelt on tlia ovjls of bwl company# ovll »ws#>datM,badl>ooks, nil tending to eorrtiptlon. Admit ono bad mind among ninogowl minds oud tho latter wore in ox- trorno (langcr of corniptlon. Tlio results of bad comnonlouship wore bad language, drinking, gambling, all of whloh led to iicliial crime. Hoodrlsod tho parents to lie more careful, aud son what company their children kejit. A hailstorm might destroy hi a fow inlnutos tho work of many months of toil, ho a bad companion might destroy in s few days tho work of yours of proper in- htruotlon. Ho laid emnHritt ou thn dangers of 8vi\ ompQtates fgv guts, and thou pnmJ on to anuthor dangerous rook in tho sen of life— forgotfulness of God. Ho pourtrnyod the route tliut led to this, caroloiHtiess leading to neglect of primary religious duties, morning and evening prayers, coming to mass, ana eo on step by stop to complclo forgotfulneas of . tlio Creator. Ilo onmestiy bescochcd tho w clilldrcn to avoid thoso rocks, and besought tlio unront# to tako all precautious to assist tlio children In tho straight course that led to salvation. Show thein u - gowl oxatnjdo hi industry, conduct, language, and porfoncimco of religious duties. Otiior- wiso tlio work of years might bo tlirown away. Kduuiition would not savo thorn fn>m tho penalty of Idleness. In St. Helena ho found many classes, scholars, mon of fiuu abilities, but ho ncvor found tlio Industrious innn there, tlio man who wiih fond of good work, mid not luullned to shirk It. At tho conclusion of tho addrom tho Aroli- bishop, in accordance with a custom intro- diiciMi Into Australia hy tho Into Archbishop Folding nearly half u. century ago, adminis tered a ploilgo to tho children that thoy would ah«taiii from all alcoholic liquors until « I iiioy reached tlio ago of 26 years. Ho re- I marked that if any parents had any objootion I to their children bofiig under suoli a pledgo they had only to comimmlcato with him within the next -18 hours nnd ho would not register ouuli oliildrou ns having takon it. During tlio oolohratioii of tlio J-i o oiook. kfass the choir, under Mr. G. T. Stnnftold a cimduotorxhiji, gavo u tasteful rondoring of tliu " Kyrui," " Gloria," " Sanctus . " Agitus l5ei," from Haydn's IGUt Mass, and lit tliu administration of tliu Saorainont of Confirmation thoy sang M VoniCicator." At the after eeremony tlio tenor solo in Ziugrollt's "Laudato," was well rondorod by Sir. W. I Olurk. 