ANNIVERSARY OF THE CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR UNION. A SUCCESSFUL CELEBRATION. The third anniversary of the Ballarat and District Christian Endeavor Union was cele brated last night by a largely attended public meeting at the Lydiard street Wes leyan Church. Mr A. White (president) was in the chair, and the Revs. A. R Edgar (of Melbourne), Dr Porter, and W. H. Lewis, and Mr Fricke (secretary), occupied seats on the platform. The following societies were either represented or forwarded greetings:— Neil street Wesleyan, Brown Hill, Lydiard street Wesleyan, Barkly street Wesleyan, St. Andrew’s Presbyterian, Dawson street Baptist, Dawson street Congregational, Lydiard street Junior, Beaconsfield Primi tive Methodist, Stawell, North Creswick Primitive. Golden Point Wesleyan, Pleasant street Wesleyan, Sebastopol Wesleyan, Mount Pleasant Wesleyan, Ebenezer Pres byterian, Peel street United Methodist, Magpie Wesleyan, St. John’s Presbyterian, Macarthur street Wesleyan, Humffray street Primitive, Sebastopol Congregational, Ullina Wesleyan, and Eyre street Primitive. Dr Porter also delivered greetings from a New South Wales society which he represented. Mr Fricke read the annual report, which interestingly and exhaustively dealt with the work of the year. Thirty-two societies are affiliated with the union, and there are 960 active members, 173 associates, and 144 honorary members. During the year three combined meetings were held, and were largely attended. The receipts were £11 1s 9d, and the expenditure £9 14s 3d, leaving a credit balance of £1 7s 6d. The Rev. A. R. Edgar, who rose amidst applause, delivered an eloquent and forcible address, which wae received with great favor. It spoke well for the interest in the movement, he remarked, that so many had gathered together on such a hot night. A joke was perpetrated in Melbourne the day previous at the expense of the Ballarat District Union, It was said that if it reached as far south as it did north it would embrace the whole of the Melbourne societies. If, however, the Melbourne societies were thus embraced it would not, perhaps, be a bad thing. To his mind the societies were in danger—in fact, anything that succeeds possesses dangerous elements, for then there was a likelihood of the members being at ease—a really dangerous condition. If the societies were to become merely mutual admiration organisations they would do nothing; but, on the other hand, if they looked forward and trusted in the Master they would do a great work. How often did we hear people speak of the won derful people who preached, and the wonderful people who sang in times past, and the wonderful prayer meet ings then held in which men brought down the blessing from above, and those who were gathered together were all filled with the Holy Ghost. Men shook their heads and muttered, “Would to God we were any thing like that to-day.” He feared that this was an unhealthy sign; for the past, however glorious, ought not to be more glorious than the present. Members of the society should look well to themselves, to their personal piety, and their faith in Jesus Christ. The only way to succeed was through a soul filled with the life, light and power of Jesus Christ, and if that life, light and power were obtained he had no fear for for the Christain Endeavor Unions of these lands. The rev. gentleman proceeded to speak especially to the young people of the societies, relative to the possibilities of reach ing the masses —the thousands of people outside the church. If any good were to be achieved amongst the young people, it must be done by the Endeavor Societies and by the young people. What hope was there for reaching the young people? Could it be done? He dared say that many present had had day dreams and night dreams, too, in which they fancied themselves before an audience, inspired by it, and swaying multi tudes anxious for Jesus Christ, They woke up, and because they could not do this did nothing else. There was, however, a very important work for individual Endeavorers. There was the work of “button-holing"— taking hold of the young people and telling them of Jesus Christ. There was a good deal of excitement relative to that im portant topic of the day, “How to go to the masses,” Quite a number of people were dealing with it. There over 1,000,000 persons in Victoria, and of that number about 510,000 had some connection with various Christian churches, leaving about 600,000 who did not go to church at all. Go to the masses. How would they do it ? On Sunday numbers of people were found on the banks of the Yarra, at Brighton, at St. Kilda, on the trams, and on the steamboats, while others roamed listlessly about the parks. Supposing 30,000 were to be found at these places, what became of the remainder ? Take the case of Ballarat, and say that of 40,000 people 15,000 who ought to go to church do not do so. And supposing, at an outside calculation, 5000 were to be found at the various public resorts. Where were the other 10,000? The answer was—“ln their homes.” There were numbers of women who never left their homes for one moment on Sunday, and tens of thousands of men in the great cities worn out by the labors of the week who slept half their Sunday away and lolled about for the other half. If the Endea vourers were to go to the masses they need not concentrate all their efforts in re gard to the five thousand people who were scattered about the parks and gardens and other places. They must reach them in their homes. And why could not every Endeavorer go to his neighbor’s home—to the house next to his own—and speak of the Saviour. Boys spent the Sunday out with their dogs and guns, talking cricket, foot ball, ie., while girls were flighty and giggling. Were not these boys and girls worth saving ? Did not Christ die for them ? The neighbor might be looking to them for a word of encouragement, might wish to be good, and why should not they as Christians extend the invitation ? The reverend gentle man earnestly advised the societies to go forward in the light and life of the Lord, and by the Almighty’s blessing they would prosper. The president of the Union and other gentlemen also spoke, and a very successful anniversary was brought to a conclusion. 