Life at the Zoe. ASTHETIC TASTES OF ANIMALS. Perhaps Londoners scarcely appreciate the fund of amusement, and even of scientific information, to be obtained by a diligent study of the splendid collection of animals maintained by the Zoological So ciety in its gardens in Regent's Park. Public research there has been apt to limit itself to experiments on the assimila tive powers of the ostrich and the effects of peppermint-drops on the constitution of elephants. Mr. C. S. Cornish, however, in a truly delightful. -volume, published by Messrs. SeeLey, and called 'Life at the Zoo/' shows how ranch curions 'know ledge the quick eye and the sympathetic understanding may gather in the most ordinary stroll through this great and ad mirably managed menagerie. Some of his papers, such as ' The Zoo in a Frost,' ' The Ghosts of the Tropical Forests/' 'Wanted — A New Meat/' are the specu lations of an everyday saunterer round the cages, redeemed from commonplace only by the pleasantness of their telling. But on one or twe occasions Mr. Cornish went to the G-ardens with, a set purpose, and, having the necessary permission, tried a few experiments upon the aesthetic senses of the animals, which, albeit abso lutely unscientific, were nevertheless so amusing in their results, and so sugges tive of a profitable direction for future researches, that they deserve to be quoted. He knew, as we all do, that tradition and story has credited the animal world with a certain amount of discrimination in sight, hearing, and smell; bat how far these senses were developed in each class of animals nobody seems to have taken the trouble particularly to inquire. One of the most interesting chapters in the book is that recording the effect of music on the creatures of which the, Zoo- logical Society takes such intelligent care. The first investigations were made in the snake house, where a sunken passage at the back of the cages enabled the musi cian, a violinist of skill, to be hidden out of sight, while the effect of his playing was -watched through the open, iron doors in rear of the cages. The dweller on the threshold of the snakes' home is the monitor lizard, an active and for midable saurian, some 5ft in length, whose watchful ta'bits were said to give notice of the approach of the crocodile. It did sot be lie its reputation for watchfulness, for the instant it heard the soondB of the violin through its opened door it raised its head and stood alert and listening. Then the forked tongue came oat and played incessantly round its lips ; soft, slow music followed, and the lizard became quite still, except for a gentle swaying: of tne head from eide to side. The same manifest delight was exhi bited in two groups of black snakes from the Eobben Islands and a boa, though here, as elsewhere, it was observed that the individual capacity to enjoy harmoni ous sounds and resent harsh, ones varied very much with the individual. As for the bears, they -were charmed. The two specimens from the Polar regions stood on their hind Legs to be nearer the source of the harmony, while a pair of 'grizzlies,' at the first chord struck, assumed an air of the most comic and critical atten tion, each with its head on one side and its paws clasping the bars. A sudden discord made both bears start back, flrid the lively tone of ' The Keel Kow ' set them walking swiftly up and down the cage. The sheep and goats much appre ciated ' The Shepherds* Call,' from ' William Tell,' and the wild boar waB charmed with, the music that was played to him, though for some reason the tunes he liked beBt gave great offence to the Indian elephant. Them is a German tale of a fiddler pursued by wolves who was saved by tte accidental breaking of a ttring of bis fiddle. The Bound of the breaking string frightened the wolves for a moment, and afterwards, the legend adds, ke kept them from polling him from the roof of the hut on which he had taken refuge by playing continuously. The story of the break ing string frightening the wolves bo far agreed with, our experience of the effect of sudden and sharp discords on various fl.Ti-iing.lfi that it was decided to make the experiment upon the wolves. The result went far to show that the old legend of their fear of music is based on fact. The common European wolf Bet up its back and wrinkled ite lips into a fixed and hideous sneer, showing all its teeth to the gums, with its tail between its legs. The Indian wolf showed signs of extreme and abject' fear. It trembled violently, ite fur was erected, and, cowering down until its body almost touched the ground, it retreated to the farthest corner of the cage. When the music was played at the back of the cage, where the musician was invisible, its alarm was in no degree abated. It crept to the door to listen, and then sprang back and cowered against the bars in front of the cage, and so continued in alternate spasms of curiosity and fear. The jackals and some of the wilder foxes were not less alarmed ' than the wolves. The female jackals ran back to their inner den and bid themselves. The male erected its for until it appeared as rough as an Esquimaux dog, and crept backwards and forwards with its lips curled back, opening and shutting- its .month, growling -whenever a etrong, dis cordant note was etnlck. The scene at this time was extremely amusing. The prairie wolveB next door sat down to listen, the African jack als sat on a shelf and watched, and the per formance was overlooked from a distance by a nervous but highly interested row of foxes of different sizes and colors. It was like a .picture 'from an illustrated edition of iBsop's 'fables. Xhe foxes in the larger cages came forward readily to listen to the music, though the usual experiment of striking a discord startled them greatly. But the rough fox from Demer&ra;, in a small cage behind the building, was eo violently alarmed that the keeper requested that the music might cease, for fear the creature should have a £t, to which ailment it appears that fores and wolves are very subject. Mr, Cornish thus establishes .the fact, if anyone previously doubted it, that music actually has charms to soothe the savage beast, while the diversity of the results he obtains would suggest; the inquiry whether a fondness for certain harmonies charac terises .distinct species or only individuals of those species. In the matter of a liking for color, the tests were somewhat more difficult to apply. Some experiments of Sir John Lubbock on been seem to show that these insects appreciate varying hues as they axe arranged in the spectrum, commencing on the red margin; and the bower1 birds is Begenf « Park appear to agree with them in this aesthetic pre ference. In the westem..aviarytne bower birds btrild ilieir gallery every spring, and decorate it with eudh articles of verta as visitors are kind enough to place at their dispoaaL Xn the first warm days they begin to collect materials for thoTioWar. Tne twigs of a birch-broom ate usually given them for the raw matwrfal, ftnd theu *» soon arranged with wtontohing ?kill into two short iaonrwd hedges, the top* being pulled over to make the bower as nearly like a tunnel as the material admits. If they had a larger allowance of brooms, no doubt the tunnel wouli be longer. As it is, it is only a section of a gallery. When this is complete, nothing makes the birds so happy as presents of bright-colored objects to arrange round the sides of the playground. Unfortunately for the birds, the mioe, which have no aesthetic perceptions, but are of a practical turn of mind, steal every thing soft which is put in the bower, to make nests for their own young. All pieces of colored paper, rags, tinsel are carried off in the night, or even in the day, so that the birds can only rely for permanent ornament on things not only bright, bat hard. Bat their taste for color may easily be tested by giving them shreds of paper of different hoes. If it be merely a question of color, not of texture, they usually -prefer red, picking out the red strips first, and trying the effects in different parts of the gallery. Their HIHtijt for what is bright and Bhining in tex ture is even stronger thon that for color. Some ingenious xriend, finding the mice robbed the birds of their papers and silks, presented them with a number of small glass phials filled with colored shreds, or with tin ana brass filings. These were a source of great delight, and when the supply was fur ther increased by a dozen pretty solitaire balls, they spent a week in arranging and re arranging their treasures. There was yet another sense in the lower fl-THmpiB, about which much has been talked and little learned, and having roughly proved how acute was the percep tion ot eye and ear in birds and beasts, the I writer proceeded to investigate the re puted love of sweet scents amongst these creatures. The lion, he Bays, has a pen chant for lavender-water. So, too, has the leopard. The first leopard to which it was offered, stood over the ball ot Cotton, shut its eyes, opened its mouth, and screwed up its nose, rather like the picture of the gentleman inhaling 'Alkaram' in the advertisement. It then lay down and held it between its paws, and finished by lying down upon it. Another leopard smelt it and Bneezed; then caught the wool in its claws, played with, it, then lay on its back and rnboed its head and neck over the scent. It then fetched another leopard which was asleep in the cage, and the two sniffed it' for some time together; and the last-comer ended by taking the ball in its teeth, cnrling its lips well back, and inhaling the delightful perfume with half -shut eyes. The lion and lioness, when their time came, tried to roll upon it at the same time. The lion then gave the lioness a cuff with, his paw, which sent her off to the back of the cage, and, having secured it for himself, laid his broad head on the morsel of scented cotton, and purred. These were old inhabi tants of the gardens, civilised. But at the end of the building was a lonely yonng Sokoto lion, with the spots of 'cubhood' Btill showing like a pattern in 'damask on bis skin. If he, too, liked the scent, it could hardly be an acquired taste. His reception of the new impression was dif ferent from that of the others. He lay down inhaling the scent with a dreamy look in his eyes. Then he made faoes and yawned, turned his back on the scent and thought. He then inhaled the perfume again for some time, walked slowly off to hia bed, and lay down to sleep. Of course there are difficulties in carry ing out experiments even as simple as these in public gardens. On one occasion upon which the writer attempted them he saw a nurse point him oat to her charges, and overheard her say, -with a strong sus picion of his sanity, ' Don't go near 'im ? he aint right in his 'ead ! ' But Mr. Cornish's speculations are always interest ing and his facts delightfully set forth. His book is beautifully illustrated, and one of the pleasantest introductions to popular natural history we have seen for some time. — Daily Telegbaph. 