Sidtgtotts PERSONAL.—From the Christian Weekly for July 12:—Dr. Newman Hall was 79 years old on May 22.—I'he He v. C. Spurgeon has been preaching to orowded congregations at Durban, South Africa.—The lady Evangelists, after a successful ten-days' mission at the Semaphore, are now engaged at Port Adelaide. — The Rev. H. Trewren has reaehed Port Darwin, and is favourably impressed with the prospeots of bio future work there.— Ihe Bishop of Liverpool (Dr. Kyle) has juBt entered upon his 80th year. He was appointed first Bishop of Liverpool in 1S80.— The Rev. H. H. Nolan's offer to go to Fiji to supply the place of the Kev. W. R. Carmiohael, has been accepted by the Boird of Missions,—The Rev. William Burgess (India) is about to return to England. The Rov. Henry Haigh, also from India, is expeeted to visit England and Ireland shortly.—Mr. and Mre. G. Hassell are «reatly enjoying their visit to the old oountry ; And Mr. Hassell, by request, i« lecturing oil Australian Life and Scenery," with lantern views. OATAOLIC CHARITIES—The monthly meeting of the St. Vmoent de Paul's Orphanage and Catholic Refuge Committees was held on Wednesday evening in St. Franois Xaviers Hall. Orders were given for the admission of four children. The Orphanage receipts for the month amounted to £40 7s. 9d. Tbe expenses were £38 14?. lOd. There are now eighty-nine ohildren in the Orphanage. Tbe monthly receipts for the Refuge were 1359 Is. Id., the expenses £59 lis. Sd. There are thirty-one adults and ten infante in the institution. CHRIST CHURCH, NOHTH ABELUDI.—Christ Church Schoolroom was humming like a hive on Thursday afternoon, the ooeasion being a sale of work, whioh was opened by Mrfi. Hurmer. The room was nioely decorated with flowers and foliage, tha etacre in particular being attractively adorned with palms, while the stalls were tastefully and prettily arranged. There was an abundance of produce, cakee, sweets, and fancy goods, and there was a oh arming freshness about all the articles exhibited for sale. Mrs. Harmer, who hae already endeared herself to very many of the Ohurch people, and indeed to all those with whom ahe has oome in oontact, made a short and happy little speeoh in declaring the sale open. She was delighted to be present, and she was pleased that the first public funotien at whioh she took part in ' the oolony was in oonneotion with her own pariah, in whioh she had reoeived suoh a hearty welcome and so muoh kindness. Mrs. Harmer wished the sale every success, and she was net disappointed in this respect. Carriage after oarriage arrived during the afternoon, and the attendance from 2.30 p.in. till 10 p.m. was highly gratifying. Business was brisk throughout the day, the ladies in oharge of the various stalls being kepi constantly busy. An interesting incident in the prooeedings was tbe presentation of a basket of violets to blrs. Harmer by little Miss Marjorie Young, agreat-great-nieoeof the late Augustus Shore, first Bishop of the Diooese. This took plaoe on the platform immediately after Mrs. Harmar had deolared the bazaar open, and it was a happy idea that Miss Young should have been chosen to make the presentation, as ahe revived memories of the past and formed a oonneoting link between the aspicopate of Adelaide's first and much loved Bishop and the work whioh has just been entered upon with suoh bright and promising prospects by Dr. and Mrs. Harmer. A "Christmas'' tree and fairy well provided amusement for the ohildren, and at intervals musical numbers proved a pleasing diversion. Among those who attended the sale during the day were His Exoallenoy the Lieutenant-Governor, Bishop Harmer, the Dean, and several of the olergy. The stalls were presided over as follows:—Produoe, Mesdames Dnttan and F. Wright and Miss Bagshaw ; work stall, Mesdames T. K. Hamilton and T. Templar and Miss Baget; fanoy goods, Mesdames Marry at andBowenand the Misses Crawford; cake stall, Mesdames Peacock and Stow and the Misses McMinn; refreshments. Mesdames Jessop and Field; sweets, Mrs* Astleyandthe Misses Turnbull; Christmastree, Misses Dean, Cooper, and Cornish; fairy well. Miss Aroher. ALL-DAT CHRISTIAN CONVENTION.—Thursday, July 11, was devoted to a Christian Convention at the Pirie-street Wesleyan Church. In the morning there was a conference of ministers oniy. The Rev. J. Barry conducted a noonday service, whioh he intends to continue every Thursday for three months. The body of the Cbureh was well filled. The subjeot of the address was " The Baptism of the Holy Ghost," which, Mr. Berry said, was euggeBoed by the conference of ministers and the meetings to be held during the day. Mr. Berry announced that ths collections as before would be given to oharities, generally to the Nursing Sister Faud, but to other charities which _ from time to time might seem deserving. At the afternoon service the Rev. T. Lloyd spoke on "The Churoh and AggreBive Work." He defined the member* of the Churoh ef God as those wbo did His holy will. The Church was guided by the Holy Spirit of the living God. They were ail in one army, and they should not be jealous of one another. The work Of conversion had been going on since the days of Pentecost, and the aggressive work started in Wesley's time had extended through Ohina, India, and America, and wonderful progress had been mado throughout the world. Several members of the congregation testified, and after hymns and prayers the Rev. C. Lane addressed the audience on the "Saving Graoe of God." The evening session was held specially in the interests of younger Methodism. The Presi-, dent (Rev. H. H. Teague) presided. After hymns and prayer tbe OHAIBMAN said that it was considered well to give the young people a special service in connection with the Convention. It was meant to recognise the part of the young people in their Churoh work, for there were Bpecial branches in whioh youth suooeeded better than the older ones. They put more joyousness and hopefulness into their work than the older ones, who had met the experiences of life which calmed their judgments and aoiions. Enthusiasm also was an important factor in the Church's labours, and they wanted the young people to recognise that they could help the Churoh very muoh. They were living in troublous times, and the young people would have before them the solution of the problems which were now facing them. Addresses were given by the Rov. C. H. INGA&IELLS; on "Early devotion to Christ," and the Rev. H. T. BUESEBS on "Early attachment to the Church." The service closed with the benediction. TUB REV. JOHN NAIRN.—In another column it will be ee&n; »has the Rev. JohnNairne is announced to deliver his Ieoture on "Tam o' Jack's Lad" iu the Morphett- street Primitive Methodist Churoh this evening. This is on* of Mr. Nairn's most popular lectures. He delivered it in England, New South Wales, Victoria, and Tasmania more than 500 times. 