ATTEMPTED ROBBERY, Just now the city is infested with a gang of thieves many of whom are well- known to the police, and numerous petty larcenies have been reported to the Criminal Investigation Depart ment. An attempt to rob the house of Mr. George Parsons, of East-terrace, was made on Christmas Eve, but fortunately the misoreanta were disturbed before they had time to begin operations, and no loss was sustained. Tho l»\,tr-A nnnntn +n Via xra tvinn «tai1 nfn £rviin«l «nf4 the burclars carefully planned their work. Mr. and Mrs. Parsons and their family were away from their residence all the evening, aud at about 10 o'clock Miss Parsons had occasion to return home. Hhe went rouud to the back door to enter the house, but found it locked. Mks Parsons does not think any one was inside at this time, and she went away for about a quarter of an hour. During her absence it is believed the men— it is presumed there were two of them— effected an entrance. The glass of the parlor window was broken to enable the thieves to get at the fastener, and once this was accomplished they had no difficulty in getting in. Strange to say they did not touch a large quantity of jewellery which was lying about indiscriminately in the parlor. When Aliss Parsons returned to the house she heard a voice inside saying, ' Great Caasar's ghost, we're caught ! ' — or words to that effect. She at once called for assistance, and one of the burglars finding that his position was becoming serious 'faced the music' by rush ing wildly out by the front door. He ran as fast as his legs could carry him across the road, but he had not reckoned on the wire fence en closing the panic lands, and the spot being dark he collided with it. The impact seemed to stun him, and a man whom Miss Parsons called to her aid captured the burglar. Acting on the advice of her friend she went to the nearest telephone to call the police, but when she came ba\Jc there was no sign of the thief or the person whom she imagined was a Good Samaritan. Miss Par sons thinks the other burglar made his escape by the back door. 