TALES AND SKETCHES, ! A TRAGEDY IN THE SNOW. [By Fortescue Wells.] Wc meet them ot the doorway, on the stairs, Atong the paasag-e they ooiuc and go, Impalpable impressions on thc air, A sense of something moving to ana fro. We have no title deeds lo house or lands ; Owners and occupants of earlier dates From uraves forgotten stretch their dusty hands, And hold in mortmain tittil their old estates. LonareiiiAw. "To let, near Lofthouse, Nlderdale, desirable family residence, ten rooms, eood eardeu, splendid view, moderate rent. For further particulars apply to Messrs Gordon and Sons, Batlcy-strcet, Leeds. No ran thc advertisement in thc " To let " column in the Leed» Expresa, over which Í had uceu poring, trying to come to o decision as to which of thc many apparently desirable residences my wife and I should inspect chut duy. For a whole week we had been dili- gently inspecting desirable residences, and were thoroughly tired of this occupation ; however, with tlie hope thal we had at last fouud one to suit us, I called on Messrs (Jordon and Sons, and from them obtained the further particulars. Thc house they slated was situated about three miles from Lofthousc, and stood in well-wooded grounds ; there was also u good orchard, containing many choice fruit trees, and a splendid view of the surrounding country was to bc obtained from thc windows. They also informed mc that an old couple occupied a small cottage at the rear of the premises ; the wife had charge of the keys and would show us over the house, and no doubt if wc took Beech Hall thc husband, Enoch Sinugman, would be willing to act in the capacity of gardener for a trifling wage. The rent was extremely moderate-about half what wc had been asked for similar residences, a fact which should have aroused our suspicions ; but unfortunately for us, us after events proved, it did not, so the following day wc journeyed to Loftbouse lo inspect Beech Hull. Beech Hall was approached by a tine beech avenue, through which we passed ovar a thick carpet of mast. It was a picturesque house when viewed from thc fro'it ; quaint project- ing windows with diamoud-sbaped panes and grey gables covered with a species of lichen proclaimed its agc. The massive and quaintly carved door, which was guarded on either side by a stone griffin, was approached by a wide flight of steps. The flower garden in front was the only thing which,bad a modern ap- pearance. This was laid out in terraces and showed signs of receut care-and attention. Thc interior of the house corresponded with the exterior. Over the fireplace in the front rooms large mirrors, each surrounded by a rose-coloured marble border, were built into the wall ; the dark oak wainscoting was richly carved ; all was old-fashioned, solid, and substantial. By a broad staircase we gained the upper corridor, on to which opened four tearooms. The largest room, situated over the dining room, and facing the front of the house, was handsomely panelled in black oak, and thc cornices and the mantle-piece were richly carved in shamrocks and roses, the emblem of Scotland being absent. When passing through this room the old woman drew our attention to a rose in the tracery, whioh she pressed, when a panel slid back, disclosing what had evidently been a secret closet. The quaintness of the rooms and the general appearance of the house pleased, na so much that after« cursory glance at its surroundings we deoided to take it, and wrote to the agent that evening to that effect. As we left Beech Hall we informed the woman that we intended to take it. She eyed us curiously aB she remarked dryly : "Aurm not vurry paraba! to old haases, but ita good luck as it happens, as we've just git th' one to sewt yo'." We liked Beech Hall and the neighbourhood so well that after residing there for about four months wo contemplated taking it on a long lease, and one day as I was watching Enoch Smugm&n; prune a luxuriant rosebush I mentioned this fact to him. The old man started nervously, dropping his knife. "Doant yo', mauler," he exclaimed hurriedly; "doant yon. Cum winter it's a fearsome place for the woman folk, when it be dark and the deed lady walks." " Dead lady walks ; what do you mean ?" Before answering my question Enoch looked furtively around. " You be haunted sure," H\e said with a solemn nod towards the house, his wrinkled face puckered up mysteriously. "Nonsense, Enoch, an old women's talc." "It baint nonsense," he replied sturdily, "for aw sin her mysel wi' her deed child." " Her 1 who?" "Dorothy Metcalfe." " Who ia Dorothy Metcalfe Ï" " Her as walkB." " Impassible," I exclaimed ; " why wc have been here four months and have seen nothing." " All thc same her walks ; yo'll sec ber cum winter," Enoch answered doggedly. Though I bad very little belief as to Enoch's statement, knowing how absurdly super- stitious the peasantry in that district were, and bow thoroughly wedded they were to their ideas, still I felt reluctant to close with the agents offer, and so stipulated for a twelvemonth's occupation before taking it for a longer term ; but it waa not till one evening in the early winier that anything occurred which gave me reason to think that after all there might be some truth in the statement of the old man tbat the house waa haunted. One evening I had walked down to the stables to look at one of my horses, and stood talking to the groom for a few minutes, when juBt os I wus about to return to my house I was surprised to observe a lady approaching on my left. She was dressed in a long dark cloak, the hood drawn over her head, and muffled in a shawl she carried a child pressed to her shoulder. I turned to thc lad, and was about to inquire who the lady was, for the gait and pose of the figure were unmistakably refined, when I was surprised to see bis usually ruddy face ashy palo, and his eyes almost starting out of his head. " Why, what is the matter?" I cried. "Thc ghost," he stammered. " Where !" He pointed to the figure which had con- tinued its walk past the stables, crossed the avenue, and just as we looked was entering the front door. The fear the groom exhibited and his state- ment that ir waa the ghost reminded me ot Enoch Sinugmau's story ; still I was sceptical, and hastened to the house hoping to find that it was sume late and unexpected visitor to my wife. When I entered our well-lighted draw- ing-room I found my wife much agitated. Almost immediately on entering she com- plained to me ( hat just at dusk she had met on thc stairs a woman wrapped in a long dark cloak, with her hood drawn closely over ber face. She appeared to be carrying something, but it wis too dart to distinguish what it was, and when she Bpoke to her she obtained no reply. Supposing her to be one of tbe maid's she made inquiries in the kitchen as to who had been out without leave, but both girls stoutly denied leaving the kitchen since dark, in which assertion they were supported by my man White. My wife was extremely annoyed at «lut Bile considered the servants' duplioity. Not withing to alarm her unnecessarily, I did not tell lier what I had seen, hoping that the visits af the ghostly lady would not be frequent. I was doomed to bc disappointed. Thc next evening about the same time I was Sassing throughthc corridor into which our edroom opened', when I ssw the same figure that I had secu in the ground coming towards inc. I put out my hand to arrest her, but I was horrified to find that I had grasped nothing. My hand passed right through the figure, which took uo notice whatever, bul glided down the stairs into the hal), and a fen minutes later I saw it enter the Beech Avenue. Later in thc evening I again looked out ol tho window and caught a glimpse of a tall, Blight figure, and I fancied that above thc whistle of the wind I could hear the sob of a child. When we retired that night I waa unable to sleep, but tossed restlessly about wondering for how long I should ho able to hide the fact of these ghostly visits from my wife. She was so highly nervous that I dreaded the con- sequences of thc shock should she sudde ly become aware that tho house was haunted. At length 1 fell into an uneasy slumber, from whioh I was awoke by my wife shaking my arm. " Harry, Harry," she cried, " don't you hear it ? Don't you hear the child ?" " Child, nonsense, my dear, yon must have had un unpleasant dream, or perhaps it was u gabble rochet in the old beech-trees." "No, Harry, it is not nonsense ; I have heard it for the last ten minutes, but would not woke you till I was quite sure. " " A child in the park iu this weather at one o'clock in the morning." " Yes. Oh, lhere it is again," and my wife clasped my arm convulsively. I sprang to thc window and drew aside the blind. What I beheld rooted me to thc spot. The moon was chining ax clear as day, thc smallest object beim; easily distinguishable, there ; standing at thc foot of the steps, was a lady. The long dark cloak in which slip had been enveloped had füllen to her feet, dis- closing thc custume of the seventeenth century, thc silver buckles of her shoes gleaming in the moonlight. Her long, tightly laced bodice was crossed hy a handsome lace kerchief, and fastened by a jewelled clasp ; while her long fair hair hung in u profusion of curls over her shoulders after the manner of Koyulist ladies whose portraits 1 remember to have seen. As I looked she raised the child high in her anns as if showing it to Boine one, keeping her eyes steadily fixed nn the hall door the while. I could ace by the movement of her lips I hat ehe was Bpeuking, but thc wind was too high to permit me to hear what she said. A cold hand fell on minc. The tension on my nerves was sogrcatthatlstarted violently ; it was my wife who had followed me. " Let them in. Harry," she cried hysterically. " No, no, my dear, that is impossible," I replied. Something in my tone and manner arrested my wife's attention, and she appeared to realise that these visitors were from another world, and with a cry of horror she fell in- sensible at my feet. As the morning dawned the lady raised ber cloak, and gathering it round her crossed the avenue in the direction of Fishpond Wood. The next day I spoke to Enoch about theBc visitors. " Aw bin quite sewer an' sartin aw wud cum back. Wahiver doan't yo' go on' open th' door, moister, or wus may happen." The following night we were not disturbed, nor indeed were we for more than a week, when the same visit was repeated. Occa- sionally we would sec a darkly shrouded figure flitting about the staircase, aud once I was awoke by the creaking of the secret door to see Dorothy Metcalfe standing with a lighted lamp by our bedside, the hood of the long cloak she usually wore thrown back and au eager anxioiiB look on her face. My wife's health suffered so much from these repeated visits that we were compelled to remove to a neighbouring house that had become vacant, though I own I was loath to do so, os I hod taken a great liking to the quaint old place. It was not till some months after wc had left Beech Hall that I learned the particulars of Dorothy Metcalfo's history from an old resident of the distsict. 