The fflidnigtit Marriage. ? ? * ? CHAPTER I. A marriage and A MVKTERV. _ It was a bitter, blustering, sleety March njght, and I, Dr. Macdonald, had just bidden my friend Louis Bartholdy, fare well and turned to my sleepy grate fire. A young doctor, twenty odd years ago, waning for a practice that came so slowly. it was no wonder that I sometimes felt discouraged. I had studied hard, passed an unusually brilliant examination, and taken a front basement in a quiet, aristo cratic neighborhood. I had some money then, but it was rapidly drawing to a close. During the six months that I had been here I had taken in about forty dollars, and half-a-dozen bills were ready for collection. _ Mrs. Warren, my landlady, was verg jng on to fifty, a sensible, motherlylook mg woman, with a low, pleasant voice. And here I will confess that voices always had a curious effect upon me, and frequently biased my decision for or against a person. I had been strongly attracted toward her. My own mother had died in my infancy, and I had no sister or intimate female friends. But it seemed that one might go to her in an emergency and be sure of sympathy and comfort. She was in rather straitened circum stances. Two rooms on the second floor were rented to a gentleman and his wife, and as he held a travelling agency of some kind, they were away much of the time. A poor relative, apparently of her own age, but not nearly so well preserved, assisted her in her household duties for the sake of a comfortable home. So we had a very quiet house as you may imagine, orthodox and respectable. In those days I was strongly scientific. Every year mysteries in medical experi ence are cleared up, facts established that refute and overthrow old theories, and by degrees we come to solid truth. As a student I had been very fond of puzzling cases. Now and then I wrote an article that was laughed at in certain quarters for its crudeness, and yet in others received with approbation. Louis Bartholdy was a young physician with much the same tastes. Of mixed German and Italian origin, educated in his own country for a chemist, and with a sort of half-belief in diablerie and those monstrous old tales of the middle ages. Six years my senior, he appeared fully as young, and was exceedingly handsome in that soft, winning, I had almost said languishing, style common to people under Italian skies. But that was only in his face, the silky, purplish hair, the large, deep eyes that could flash with fire or melt with tenderness, and the sweet mouth, whose ripeness and bewitch ing curves were never wholly hidden by the line of shady moustache. _ As I said, I had just bidden him good night, as he had another engagement at nine. Coming back to my sleepy fire, my mind also reverted to my former subject of meditation — my fastapproach ing poverty. Latterly I had been trying hard to economise, but when I paid my rent, which I usually did in advance, I would have just ten dollars left. Of course I could borrow of Louis, but I bated that method. I felt rather blue, I must confess. If I could only get along until summer, when expenses would be light. A sudden and violent pull at my bell startled me. So far I had not found a night summons very profitable. I shrugged my shoulders, contracted my brows ominously, and opened the door with a stern inquiry on my lips. Before it could be uttered, a tall man, enveloped from head to foot — I was going to say in a shaggy white coat — pushed his way through the hall into my office, guided probably by the light. I shut out the bitter blast and followed, feeling rather curious as to the nature of his demand. ' Doctor,' he began in a quick, pecu liar voice, that had a faint strand of huskiness in it, ' have you any powerful stimulants that might keep a person alive a few hours, who was in the very grasp of death I' I tried to study the face, but what with the coat collar, a flowing beard, and a cap crushed down over the forehead, I saw only a Grecian nose and flashing eyes of some dark color. ' What is the disease ?' I asked gravely. ' Consumption as much as anything.' Then he eyed me sharply, as if taking mental and physical measure. ' Can you do it ?' impatiently. 'Do you mean me to give you the remedy ?' ' If you could be sure ? ' 'I cannot,' I replied. 'Different remedies may be needed.' ' Then you had better come.' I kicked off my slippers and stepped into my boots. This man gave me the strangest and most uncomfortable feel 1 ing that I had ever experienced. ' Where is it ?' I asked briefly. ' I have a carriage here at the door and will take you.' I gathered my most powerful stimu lants and slipped them into a case, and followed him, locking my door behind me. The carriage stood two doors farther down the street. ,, We entered and were driven rapidly away. It was some moments before I could collect my scattered senses. I had no perception of fear, and yet- 1 felt there was something peculiar about the case. 1 was rather hasty at conclusions, and I thought I could solve the mystery easily when I came to it. ' Has the person been ill long ?' I asked. ' Some six or eight months— after the fashion of consumptives ; and that - dis ease, you know, flatters to the- very.last.' ?In that case,' I said,' following out my own train of thought, 'a, person should attend to such necessary matters as the Jmaking of wills and any degal business.' . ? ? - ' Yes,' in a dry, uncommunicative tone. ? But it is not always possible.' The carriage jolted hard over the rough street. It was so dark that I could distinguish nothing, though I fancied , there was hardly a locality in New York , entirely unknown to me. j When we alighted I took out my watch and found that we had just ridden fifteen .minutes, though it seemed at least half- 1 an-hour. ! ! There was a row of houses very much alike. The one we entered stood about | in the middle of the block, as near as 1 1 could judge. I was ushered into a ' handsome, but ratherold-fashioned room, and my guide said hurriedly : 'Excuse me for a moment. I will announce your arrival.' i I fancied my patient an elderly gentle man, and perhaps this tall, stylish young fellow was a rather wayward son, who had been taken into grace at the eleventh hour. I could make no remarkable cure, but I was selfish enough to think of a generous fee. An astral lamp burned dimly on the centre-table. Overhead I heard hurried steps.' There was something weird and out of the common order of things in this affair — of that I felt assured. The guide returned presently, divested of cap and coat. A handsome and yet evil-looking man — the kind of a person who makes you feel as if a keen blast had nipped you in some sensitive spot. I would have shivered, but absolute fear restrained me. 'I must make a few explanations,' he began. _ ' Your patient is a young lady, and it is most necessary that she should be kept alive until midnight. It is her wish. Heaven grant that it may not be too late 1' There was an intense anxiety in look and voice. I started with surprise and stammered : ' A lady 1' 'Yes!' in an impatient tone. 'Oh, doctor, try ! try !' With that I was led up-stairs. The light in the hall was very dim, also, I remarked. The room into which I was ushered was pervaded with a faint, subtle fra grance. Large, with a carpet that felt like down to the feet ; flowing curtains of lace, pictures, and two or three statues, but otherwise with the usual appoint ments of a sleeping- room, though these were or the most elegant order. With my senses sharpened into an almost electric state, I noted everything at a glance. On one end of the mantel stood an exquisite bust of Proserpine, on the other that ever lovely Clytie. The air was so heavy that it stifled me, and I seemed like one in a dream. I saw first of all a beautiful woman standing at the side of the bed. Tall, elegantly formed, with those graceful, willowy movements so enchanting to the eye. Her hair was as black as midnight, her complexion pale and clear, remind ing you of fine bronze, relieved by scarlet lips and a peculiar flush on the cheek. She was too beautiful. She filled the room with a sense of oppres sion like the perfume of some oriental exotics that I have occasionally met with, from which you could extract deadly poisons. Unconsciously she took me back to the days of sorcery, and witchcraft, and stories of Eastern super stitions. , 'Here is your patient,' announced my guide. I came slowly out of my reverie, that seemed half a life-time, and glanced toward the bed. 'I fear it is too late,' I exclaimed, with a sudden spasm of chill appre hension. She lay there on the bed, calm, lovely, angel- like. Clouds of golden hair floated over the pillow. The waxen eye lids drooped, their long fringe shading the cheek, the pure, sweet mouth crossed with a heavenly smile, the little hands lying listlessly over the sheet, like carven alabaster. ' She is still alive,' said the watcher, studying me intently. I drew a strange, bewildered breath. What mystery surrounded them all ? ' You must restore her to conscious ness, if it is only for ten minutes,' said the man. ' Ob, Heaven 1 to lose ? ' The deep eyes gave him a sudden, sharp glance — a hint of warning, it ap peared to me. ' We read an odd article of yours on catalepsy,' he resumed, facing me ; ' and it gave us hope.' 'She has had such sinking spells before,' said the woman. ' Her heart beats — she is not dead.' ' How long has this lasted ?' I asked. ' Our family physician left us at six, and said she could not live beyond morning. She has been faint and sink ing ever since. But if you could keep her alive until midnight, and restore her to a few minutes of consciousness. She wished it so much. It is her last prayer. What a wonderful voice the woman had. Slow, subtle, and melodious, searching out every nerve and thrilling it with mesmeric power. And yet it was not one of sympathy and tender grief. That she had some deep, underlying interest at stake, one could see, but it was not the life of this fair young girl. The mystery began to excite me. . I approached my patient and made a hasty examination. She certainly was not dead, but I was puzzled to find any clew to- her present state, as it had few marks of ordinary catalepsy. They were both watching me breath lessly. I felt the gleam of the dark and steely eyes like a sudden flash of red' heat along„every. nerve. 'You said she had been ill for some time.' He signed to the woman to speak. ',1 suppose she inherited consumption.' She1 has always been, fragile, and the, winter has told upon her fearfully.' I '. Had she a cough ?'. _ ? j A- slight one. A continual hecticlj fever, loss of' appetite and strength, and t a gradual wasting away.' .... ' Whatqjhysician ; have you -had | ' This is spending precious moments j for nought 1' the man interposed, almost j angrily. ' Restore her if you can. We had placed great faith in you.' Something in the peculiar intonation roused me. ' Open the window,' I ordered. .' The air is stifling 1 and take away that vase of heliotrope.' It was luxuriantly grown and a mass of blossoms, standing quite high in a beautifully-carved marble vase. ; Both orders were obeyed. Then I proceeded to a more minute examination, bathing her face, changing her position, and forcing a few drops of powerful stimulant through her lips. It had no effect whatever upon her. ' ' Can it be done ?' he asked, under his breath. ' Oh, doctor, don't say no.' His voice was full of some deep feel ing, but I could not decide what it was that swayed him the most powerfully. I begged him to retire. Then we went to work in good earnest. I had her bathed and rubbed. I tried restora tives and stimulants, but all in .vain, it appeared. The silvery chimes of the French clock on the mantle tolled out eleven. ' Oh, doctor, try, try !' she urged. ' For his sake ! for her sake !? They were to be married. There is a fortune at stake, which will go to large connections that she did not like, if she should die unmarried. She loved him passionately — she wants it to be his.' ' Why were they not married before ?' I asked in the utmost amazement. ' She could not marry until she was eighteen. To-day is her birth- day, but her uncle insists that she was born in the evening. Oh, doctor !' She wrung her white hands in despair. The slender fingers interlaced each other, and I seemed actually to enter into her feelings and desire the end for which she prayed. But how was it to be brought about ? This was not the result of any disease that I had ever known. She would breathe faintly, open her eyes, or rather roll the balls uneasily as a person does in illness, and then relapse into her former state. Every few moments her lover looked in at the door, his face growing pale with anxiety. ' Is her guardian any connection ?' I asked in one of our pauses. ' Her uncle. The property will go to him and his son.' I began to have a vague perception of the matter. Her uncle would not be anxious for her to live, and her lover was, of course. There was something back of it all. A stir in the hall aroused us. My companion became ashen pale. I had taken the precaution to turn the key, but foiled here, the person went round to the next room. I heard voices in angry discussion, and one I recognised as that of my guide. ' She is dead. Of what use is all this mummery !' ' She is not rigid, and there are some signs of life.' ' It is false, I say ! I will alarm the street !' ' Alarm then.' The smothered sound was like an oath; The door opened. ' Doctor,' said my guide in that most peculiar tone, ' Is your patient dead ?' ' She is not,' I answered clearly. 'There, you hear ! I shall stand by her until her body is cold and stark, whether I'm ever husband or not.' What could I clo ? I was almost wild. I fancied the sweet, pale face put on an imploring look, and I redoubled my energies. Suddenly something came to me in the midst of my despair. A strange story told by Louis Bartholdy, and a rather curious case of poisoning that had occurred some mouths before. With one of his fervent impulses, he had taken up the subject of Toxicology, dis covering various subtle poisons and their antidotes. Some of these he had been explaining to me a few evenings pre vious, when he had mislaid the case and accidentally left it. It contained several powerful tests and antidotes. I had put it in the breast pocket of my great coat and forgotten to give it to him. I had no time to consider whether this was a case of poisoning or not. It certainly was similar to some instances that Louis had been describing. I took out the small leathern case with a strange sensation. What if this girl's death should be the result of my experi ment ? It seemed as if she must die in any event. A change was creeping slowly over her. A sinking in the lines about the mouth, and greenish tints stealing up the soft, white temples. The eyelids grew a trifle more rigid, and tho long fringe appeared as if set in wax instead of flesh . If- 1 could send for Bartholdy — but no, I must act immediately. Great drops of perspiration came out on my forehead, and it was a moment of the most intense agony I had ever known. I lifted the tiny vial out of its velvet bed and held it up to the light. The clear amber liquid sparkled as if it had been charged with grains of gold. I dropped a little in a wine glass and added some water, then literally poured a teaspoonful down my patient's throat. It was a moment of sickening anxiety. All this time that weird, wonderful woman was watching me with -glittering eyes. She stood now, leaning her elbow on the corner of 1 the mantel; her loose sleeve falling back and displaying an arm worthy of some famous old sculptor. ?Her dress was a light crimson, soft and heavy, and trailing around her feet. I declare to you that I felt almost, afraid of being charmed or mesmerised. I hardly took my eyes oft' my patient, and yet I saw everything in the room. ?One of . tliose curious states of-, distinct consciousness that occur in times of great mental anxiety. -My fingers were' on my patient's pulse, and presently I was sure that L feltva. tremor .flashing through the languid veins as if startled by .electricity. I administered my remedy, again, and found,. after, an interval, still stronger signs of returning animation.; | Could it be possible ? The drooping lids quivered, the craven lips twitched, and a faint flush disturbed the deathly pallor. ' Oh 1' her attendant said, 'you will bring her back to life. What did you give her?' She uttered this last in a sharp tone of command. ' That is my business,' I replied, rather haughtily. ' She turned on mo the glance of a tigress or a^ fiend. Just' an instant, and then she was her own bewildering . self, affluent in grace and beauty. 'Pardon me. Will she live? Can she live V '.That depends on . circumstances,' I said slowly. For the life of me I could not tell which she most desired. . ,1 gave her a third portion. The pulse grew stronger. Her heart beat in wild, irregular bounds, and there was every sign of returning animation. She opened her eyes slowly. 'Harold!' exclaimed the weird voice, exultantly, ' She will live.' He took a step within the room. The dreamy eyes must have caught the vision, for a soft sigh escaped the lips. ' Not too near!' and I held up my hand warningly. ' Oh, doctor, Heaven bless you 1 To hear her speak once again.' I was growing interested in Harold's behalf. Though he was personally repel lent to me, if her happiness was centered in him, that was sufficient. She sighed again, and the eyes moved restlessly. A strange, frightened look rose in their depths. 'You are better,' I said reassuringly. ' It was a very severe fainting fit.' ' liaise me,' the weak voice whispered. I touched the soft, silken hair with my fingers as I rearranged the pillow. How exceedingly lovely it was. She glanced about dreamily, and a smile parted her lips. ' Harold 1' He leaned over the edge of the bed and covered the hands with kisses. The next instant she was pillowed upon his bosom, uttering a convulsive little cry. ' Be calm,' I exclaimed in alarm, ' or I will not answer for her safety.' ' Muriel, darling, rouse and remem ber what you wanted to do. It is twelve, and now surely you are free.' The clock struck at that instant. I glanced up at Althea, as I learned afterward was her name. Something in her face amazed me beyond expression. Her hands were tightly clenched, her lips set together, and her eyes fixed on the lovers, clasped in each other's arms. A look so fierce and fell that I. shivered in terror. She haled one or both, mor tally, and such a woman's hate was not to be lightly despised. I was stunned with the oppressive sense of mystery. 'We were married?' Muriel murmured. 'No, my darling. You fainted, you know. And your uncle declared that we must wait, but the clergyman is still here.' ' Oh, it was dreadful ! Harold, save me! I am so young. I do not want to die.' 'Hush, dear 1 you will exhaust your self.' Then he laid her carefully down. To my mind he was not a true and ardent lover. There was something about him that I could not fathom. He evidently wanted to marry her, but the fortune might account for that. ' Doctor, do you consider this girl in the possession of all her senses, and capable of acting upon her own respon sibility ?' I glanced at Muriel. A beautiful vision iudeed with the pleading eyes and quivering lips. ' What is your own will and desire ?' I said to her. ' To marry him. Oh, let it be quick. I'm afraid ? ' I gave her some more medicine. ' Are you ready, dearest ?' asked Harold. ' Yes.' ' Summon them all.' . This was to Althea, who left the room. ? ' You love him ?' I could not forbear saying to Muriel. ' Love him. Oh, Iieaven !' 'And you will bear witness to this good friend, Muriel,' interposed Harold, ' that I have used no arts to gain you ?' Her only answer was a proud smile. Three men entered the room, follow ing Althea, who might have been a priestess of high tragedy. First came the clergyman, a rather meek, depre catory-looking person, who had the ap pearance of having just been roused from his nap. A sharp-faced, elderly gentle man, with keen, restless eyes, thin, com pressed lips, and a kind of furtive ex pression, from which one instinctively shrinks. The third was a young - man of five or six and twenty, well enough as to figure, but with a very repellent countenanco. The forehead retreated, and the eyes looked as if they had been crushed in, while tho lower jaw pro truded and the lips seemed to hang around in a loose fashion as if he had no control of the muscles. Harold bowed. He was so graceful and handsome- in contrast with these men. , ' Doctor,' he began courteously, 'please assure these gentlemen that there is no collusion between us. You have per formed a simple duty, I suppose, for I have offered you no bribo.' ?' I-have dono-just.as I would do under all circumstances,' I replied in amaze. . ' That it . may not appear mystorious to you I will offer a brief explanation. I was: to marry this young girl four hours ago, when her guardian interposed, declaring that she would not bo 18 until; nearly midnight, -and chat -by the word ing of her father's , will she could : not be married until then. She is, you see, in, \- ithe- final stages of consumption, -and but for' your timely assistance might have been dead ere this, The rest, whether she wishes to - marry me or not, she -can. ?'best 'answer.' ' '! , rrr 1' ?' ''Yes, Idol I dol' and she clung to him with -frantic,- trembling eagerness. 'Are you all satisfied?' There was a solemn silence, broken by no voice of dissent. A brilliant colour was coming into Muriel's cheeks and a feverish light to her eyes. Althea grew deadly pale. ' Raise me up,' said Muriel. I arranged the pillows so that she should be in a sitting posture. Althea stood a little apart, her eyes glowering upon the fire. Harold took his place. ? The ceremony was gone through with. Harold's apathy grated horribly upon my senses. But he kissed her fondly as she lay half exhausted in his arms. 'Oh,' she murmured, 'if I could only live. It is so hard to die.' ' I do not see the slightest necessity for you dying at present,' I said firmly. 'I think by judicious treatment the disease might be overcome.' I don't know what made me utter this, but I felt that she was not truly a victim of consumption. ' As soon as you can bear the fatigue of a journey I should advise you and your husband to leave this place.' An indescribable look flashed in Al thea's eyes, as if she would be glad to murder me. The new husband turned to me, saying : ' Will you be kind enough to leave her something, doctor?' And if you will sign this — I am under a thousand obligations to you now.' I wrote my name. Then I prepared a tumbler of medicine, stating the direc tions very explicitly, and addressing myself principally to Muriel. She thanked me with a most grateful look. If I could have taken her away from them all ! The clergyman wished them good-night and departed. I saw that I was expec ted to follow. I held Muriel's hand in a lingering clasp, and reiterated my directions. Althea's face was dark and gloomy. Harold escorted me to the hall. ' We shall probably send for you again,' he said. ' I have not been satis fied with the physician for some time, but he was an old family friend, and his discharge must be polite, at least.' I assented, really glad that there ap peared a prospect of my fathoming the mystery. It was still storming furiously, though now mostly rain. Harold crushed something into my hand as I stepped out to the carriage. ' Good-night and most fervent thanks.' With that we dashed away in the darkness. CHAPTER II. WAS SIIE DEAD. I leaned back in the carriage and drew a long breath. The events of the last four hours appeared absolutely in credible. When I began to recover a little from my surprise, I made a violent effort to stop the driver, and inquired from what street we had started. 'Varick,' was the laconic reply ; and on we rattled. But I felt convinced that this was not true, and also that the driver had been instructed to confuse me by a variety of turns. It was evident that my patient's friends knew how to keep a secret if it was necessary. But I might be sent for again. And then I felt angry that I had learned so little about them. Of the whole party I knew but three Christian names, but Muriel was a peculiar one. The events of the night had succeeded so rapidly, and my anxiety had been so great, that I had not found a moment to devote to solving the mystery. It was just one when I reached home. I threw myself on the sofa, but, though no one came to disturb me, I could not sleep. With every other breath I asked myself if Muriel really had been poisoned ? Surely her lover would not do it ? Althea hated her — of that I was quite certain, but still she was anxious to have Harold marry her. Muriel's death before she was eighteen would be an advantage to her uncle, yet it seemed monstrous to accuse him, or any one, for that matter. I was thankful to have the day dawn. I always took breakfast with Mrs. Warren, so I brushed my hair and made myself tidy. Then I bethought myself of my fee, which I had thrust into my pocket without glancing at it. If it had not been there I should have treated the whole thing as a chimera, but there it was — a fifty dollar note, much crumpled and worn, on one of our city banks, and without the slightest mark of identification. My heart gave a great bound. With my economical habits it would keep me for a month. I went in to breakfast in pretty good spirits. Mrs. Warren was standing by the wide basement window- ledge. ' I owe you an apology for not being more prompt,' I said. ' Nearly a week in March has gone, but I have had a good deal on my mind,' which was true enough. 'It doesn't matter. Now that we know one another so well, waiting until the end of the month would answer.' ' It is best as it is,' I returned with a laugh. 'I might run away some fine night.' 'And be brought back in a carriage as you were this morning. I was as tonished that I really had to get up, but I thought it nearer morning.' ' Ob, you saw my state, then ?' I said in a gay tone. ' I suppose that was owing to the storm.' ' It was a terrible night. It is hardly clear yet.' The sky was full of clear, gray clouds, with- a line of watery yellow in the east. . We had quite a chatty - meal, though no further reference was made to my call. Then I went out to, seek Louis Bartholdy. - .?? ? \- He had a suite of rooms in Thirteenth Street, then a very fashionable locality. A parlor, sleeping and sitting-room, oddly but -exquisitely: furnished.. . Here 'he .might.'' generally., .be afound v'uhtil ten o'clock in the morning,', and here he. in- vited his friends to dine or, lunch, and gave the most recherche little suppers. I strolled' in. He was lying on the sofa reading the morning paper, and just 1 at the arm stood a small marble-top c table, containing a plate of dry toast and a lovely china cup half-full of black c coffee. j ' Well,' he exclaimed, rising on his i elbow, 'is it an intricate-case? One j might guess , that you had been out all 1 night. You don't look as if you had 1 slept a wink.' . - ? - ! He was so quick to detect the slightest change in any one. 'That is exactly it,' I returned; 'I have had a puzzling and mysterious case, i and I have not slept at all.' j ' In your brain 1' and he laughed, i ' You were straight enough when I left you last night.' ; j ' Was it a ghost of some unfortunate skeleton ?' . ' Sit up, laziness, and attend to me,' I said. ' I have a very strange story to tell . you. I was called out last night and . here is my fee.' ' As I spoke I displayed the bill. ' I shall begin at the very first,' I said ; , and I described my strange visitor and , the imperative summons. He was in terested immediately, and roused himself , to an attitude of attention. I went on ! very minutely, stated Mauriel's symptoms and what specifics I had used, and then making a pause, I asked : ' What would you have done ?' He leaned his chin on his hand in deep thought. 'Repeat that about her state — her pulse and the condition of the body. A peculiar kind of consumption it seems to me.' I went over that part again. ' Mac,' he exclaimed, ' if we could have had my case of antidotes ?' I smiled at this, and resumed : ' I had them. You forget them a few evenings ago. If I could have sent for you I should, but as death appeared imminent in any case, I bethought myself of one remedy and ventured to use it.' He was listening in his : peculiar, ab sorbed fashion, and I detailed the re mainder of my night's experience. 'And you actually restored her to consciousness ?' ' Yes ; and saw her married.' ' It is the strangest thing I ever heard. You were right in calling it a mystery. But you must have learned something about them ?' ' It vexes me to think that I have no clew whatever. I wonder now how I could have allowed everything to escape me, but the moments sped so rapidly and the events were so startling, that I really could not command my fore thought. They have promised to send again, however, and I know well that Muriel desires to live.' 'But if someone else desires her death ?' There it was ! They had her in their power. 'You were not bright, Mac, to lose every thread that might lead to the dis covery, but with all sharpness, one might have failed. The girl must have been poisoned — there's no question about that.' ' Muriel is an unusual name,' I re sponded. ' I shall watch the list of deaths, and that may afford us a faint clew.' 'People who go into such wholesale villainy generally have keen, clear brains. Still, an accident may bring something to light. Keep my case, in event of your being called on again.' It was past ten, and I felt that I should be at home. I could not divest myself of, a stubborn belief that I should hear more of Muriel. ' I'll drop in to-night,' said Bartholdy. I remained in my office until two, when I ran out for a little lunch, and visited my old patient. From that time until evening no one came, save a poor old woman with a severe attack of neu ralgia. It was quite a treat to discuss the matter with Bartholdy again. Turn it in every light, and it was a mystery still. We read up all our curious cases of catalepsy, but none appeared exactly like it. ' But then she had medicine enough for to-day,' said Louis, 'and perhaps there may be no hurry about Muriel's death now. I went through Varick Street and found two rows of houses an swering your description. In one of the rows there is not a case of illness.' ' I do not believe it was in Varick-st.' ' Neither do I.' We both laughed at this. I waited in a most impatient state of patience. Every pull at my bell set my nerves in a flutter, and to make the matter harder to bear, not an evening but some one strayed in, often of not the slightest importance. It was provoking to be alternately roused and depressed. Thus passed three days. Spring was coming on with bland airs and soft blue skies, How often I thought of Muriel I cannot te'.l. The fair, sweet face haunted me. I could almost feel the soft, silken hair in my fingers, and see those lustrous, imploring eyes. And Althea— was she still weird and dan gerous in her beauty ? ' But I want you to come around to my den to-night,' he said. ' There is no i use in making such a hermit of yourself.1 'What now?' 'I have been promised a splendid body for dissection — a young girl— a consumptive. I offered Collins a good round sum for the first chance he had, and he declares that he has done the handsome thing by me this time.' ' When will you be there ?' ' Oh, about eleven.' , 'Well, I'll come round.' Bartholdy had a room in a row of buildings devoted to various experimental purposes. Physicians and chemists' i had private apartments here, and the janitor,' a discreet man, attended -to-his . business, asked no questions, and made no com ' roents.1 i ? i! I left home rather unwillingly, , I ^con fess. Threading my way up the ilong .stairs ar.d through the dim hall,, I! tapped at the door, and found Bartholdy/ alone,: enjoying his cigar. ' * ' 'I can't understand what keeps Collins. Yoe betide him if he has given some ither person my chance !' I looked at the delicate face 'with its Irooping features — for no other word ap plies so well to them — the air of refine ment and even fastidiousness displayed in the slender white hand, which might nave belonged to a woman, as well as the finely cut lip, that could curl so easily. I shivered. ' What's the matter, old fellow. Are you cold ?' ? I believe if I had been a young girl I should have fallen irrevocably in love with Bartholdy, and followed him to the ends of the earth. ? No ; but I have a particular feeling about — — ' ' Well, about what ?' and he shook the ashes from his cigar. ' I can't exactly tell you. Just as if I never wanted to touch a dead body, and as if there was some important reason for my being at home.' ' Nonsense 1 You've staid in one place until you are growing womanish and whimsical.' I glanced around the room as if a ghost might start up from some corner. The furniture was not very extensive. A rude centre-table containing some books and papers, six or eight wooden chairs in various stages of decomposition, a strip of hooks, from which depended sundry cast-off but still useful articles of clothing, a long dissecting table, and a sheet-iron stove. There was a handful of fire in it now, for the night was rather chilly. I had been here under almost every imaginable circumstance. Alone through the silent nights, with Louis simply, or made one of a careless party, who laughed or sung snatches of gay songs over their ghastly work. I cannot tell why 1' should loathe it all now, but I did long to fly. Science seemed to have lost its charm. I really hoped that Collins would fail in his undertaking. With it all I had a vague, dreamy idea that I should be summoned to Muriel. What if some one came and found me out ? ' ' ' Sit down and have a cigar !' ex claimed Bartholdy, 'This confounded business is' making you a- bundle of nerves.' I sat down, but for a wonder declined the cigar, for I was meditating upon a plausible excuse for defection. Every moment a nameless terror grew upon me. The heavy tread of two men lumbering up the stairs aroused us. Bartholdy sprang to the: door and opened it. They came an and' deposited their burden upon the table. Collins was a known resurrectionist, and 20 years ago those things were much more in vogue. He and Bartholdy had a little conversa tion in a low tone, the^, sum of money was paid and the two departed. Louis turned the key behind them. It was like cutting off my last chance of escape. He lighted the burner directly over the table and fumbled awhile about the body. . ' I believe I won't stay after all,' I said, rising with a great effect. ' You may laugh, Bartholdy, but I have a curious presentiment ? ' 'Nonsense!' interrupted he. 'If Collins did not lie, here is a better sub ject than your dreams.' He was unwinding the outer covering of coarse tovvcloth. I watched him with a kind of sickening feeling. A young girl — and Muriel was a young girl. What if some sacrilegious hand dis turbed her grave 1 ' Good Heaven !' he ejaculated. ' What a beautiful creature ?' The blnnket fell away. I caught a glimpse of a while robe and flowing, golden hair. With one stride I was beside him. A long, long glance. ' Great Heaven !' I cried, ' it is Muriel !' ' Macdonald, you have lost your senses 1' Louis Bartholdy's face was almost as white as hers, and his frame shook as if with ague. ' No, I have not 1' I answered fiercely. ' This body is Muriel's 1 It is her hair, her glorious eyes, her delicate features !', The eyes were opened and still brilli ant. I took the hand in mine — it was cold, but limp, with no death-like rigidity. _ , ' Oh, Heaven ! she is not dead 1' I cried in a strangling voice. ' Here 1 take your antidote 1 Try with all your skill, and the merciful saints help you 1 She must live again !' My words seemed to electrify him. He tore off t|ie wrappings, and there she lay in her winding sheet, still and beau tiful as an angel. Then he felt for her heart. 'I don't know— — ' in a hoarse, tremulous tone. ' But / know. They have dosed her with their hellish stuff, and yet, thank Heaven, done their work bunglingly 1 Try ! try 1 You must .bring her back to life 1' He raised her tenderly and studied the face. Then we made a rude bed, for it seemed cruel to have her 'on those hard boards. I spread out my 'plaid, and raised the ends of her shroud with fondest care and respect.: One . dainty foot slippered with white satin was visible. Bartholdy applied his ear ;tos her heart, then the stethoscope. The. room seemed most solemnly still. Great? drops of perspiration started from every pore of my body. It appeared an hour to me, at least, and yet, I do not suppose it was more than ten minutes. All this time I was studying Bartholdy's face with the most agonizing alternations of hope and des pair.: It was so desperately calm and 'immovable that it might as well have been -marble. ' Yes, he began slowly, ' I believe you ^re right, I can imagine a faint and .infrequent. pulsation. Life is not quite extinct, but held in thrall by some power -ful agent. Give me the case ! Which did you use ?' ( To be Continued. ) 