SENSATIONAL SLAUGHTER. THE BAT) BOLD BOVINE AND HXS BLUNDERING BUTCHERS. RECORD RIFLE-SHOOTING. Grumblings have frequently been heard of the toughness of the joints supplied by the local butchers. Unsympathetic people with perfect masticatory organs have put thocom plaints down to the disordered dental equip ment. of the grumblers. But the remarkable tenacity of life shown the oilier day by a bullock not a hundred miles from Janie’s Creek would lead ono to believe that the aforesaid munnurings about unyielding and insipid meat may lifter all have some founda tion in fact. A local identity, familiarly known as “ Charlie,” arranged to kill a bullock that had beoomo disabled, owing to its hind legs having been broken in tlie long ago when it was young and teudor. The beast, doubtless owing to its age and in firmities, was a very wild ono. Charlie, fully recognising that the duty was a hazardous one, invoked the assistance of a friend. It was decided to shoot tho bullock in the pad dock and use a tree for a gallows. By midday ail preliminaries were a rranged. Tho * ‘ means to the end” of the bullock was an old muzzlo iouding rifio. Confident in his prowess as a dead-shot, Charlie was certain one bullet would suffice. His companion executor—or executioner, we should say—thought it better to be on the safe sido, and at his suggestion four bullets wore moulded. Everything in readiness, the party set out on their mission of slaughter, taking with them some hoisting tackle and a horse and dray, upou which they were to bring home the fruits of the chase so soon as the bullock should he done into l>oef. Ajiproaching to within a convenient distance of his buvino quarry, Charlie made preparations for settling the beast’s hush, and the spectators uttered sighs of pity for the poor animal that was so soon to be no more. Charlie took deliberate aim and fired, but the browsing bullock heeded not—it did not appear to he struck by anything, notpvcn an iilua of tho of tuo bloodthirsty biped. A second shot was productive of no better result; a third and fourth were tried, and still the bullock showed no sign of giving up tho ghost. The stock of bullets was exhausted, and a messenger was sent to the house for a fresh supply, returning with four. Theso were discharged in tho direction of tho steer, but tho animal received its further baptism of fire with an indifference that was exasperating to the vanity of tho marksman, whose steadiness was not improved by the mild banter of the amused spectators. The bullock refused to lie moved by his heavy ; dose of leaden pills. Five more balls were procured from tho house. Charlie returned to the charge, but his mortification may bo I imagined when, after firing his twelfth shot, he still failodto take a fall out of that seem ingly invulnerable beast. The shades of night were falling fust, and Charlie, now visibly disgusted with his want of success, and fearful of adding to his discredit by another ineffectual shot, handed the rifio containing the last bullet to a youthful relative, to “ see what he could do with tho gun.” The boy took aim and fired, the result being that the bullock’s equaniinitf was at length disturbed and one of its eyes Minded. Darkness had set in by this time, and, there being no moro ammunition, the party retraced their steps homeward, weary and ’disappointed, and—without tho beef. After ten, Charlie signified his intention of ! having that bullock’s blood or perishing in : the attompt, and tho requisition of bullet i moulds, aud the overhauling of the rifle gave j “dreadful note of preparation” for the morrow. Chariie was up betimes and hied ! him to tho battle-field, where the tantalising I beast was seen complacently feeding, and appearing little the worse for having had thir I teen bullets fired into, or at, it on the day before. On returning to tho house with this in formation, a joker present remarked “ that it was a wonder the bullock hadn’t died of lead poisoning during the night.” Charlie gave the joker a glance that would have withered him had he seen it. Arrangements wero soon completed for the resumption of the attack. In order to make assurance doubly auro, the services of a neighboring’ youth, a former member of the local rifle club, were secured. The latter was armed with a rifle of approved pattern, and furnished with half a score of cartridges. On seeing the party advancing, the hullock winked the other eyo—the blinded one—and betrayed signs of angry displeasure at liia domain being further intruded upon. It was soon made manifest that the fighting was not to bo all on one side. The bullock was in a belligerent frame of mind, and made a furious charge at one of the mounted men. This was the opportunity for our rifleman, who took a careful aim and fired. But tho bullock’s capacity for rifle-balls had evidently not yet been reached, for the only sign given by the animat was a toss of the head and a snuffle. Tho rifleman, who fancied himself “no small pumpkins” as a marksman, was considerably nonplussed to find that, after he had taken deadly aim nine times, the blooming bullock remained uuscorched. The animal was livelier than ever. It clearly bore a charmed Ufa. Having now only one cartridge left, the rifleman decided not to fire unless ho was afforded a dead-bird chance. The repeated explosions had served to madden the bullock, and the infuriated animal charged at anything in the shape of a horse or man. Espying tho youth with the rifle, the beast bore down upon him. The rifleman, however, got on the blind side of the beast, and to /reward of a tree, and so escaped contact with the animal's horns. But his narrow escape of being gored unnerved him ; and, disgusted with his failure to bring down the beast, he handed over tho rifle to Charlie, who, in view of his own erratic form of the previous day, was not altogether displeased with the rifle man’s faulty firing. Tho bellicose bovine, how ever, was now a menace to life aud limb, and everybody concerned was anxious for its summary despatch. With but one solitary shot in his lockex*, and a consciousness of his shortcomings as a shootist, it was with uolittlo trepidation that Charlie started to stalk the steer. The animal, now fatigued by its wild cavorting about tho paddock, stood pauting for breath, and Charlie, sneaking up under cover of some tussocks, got within easy rauge. His “upward, earnest eye” led his friends to believe that he was invoking divine direction for his lust effort. Fully alive to his responsibility and to tho risk of failure, Clmrlie took slow and careful aim and pulled the trigger. When the smoko cleared, he was pleased beyond measure to seo the beast giro a momentary stagger and then fall to tho ground. His prayer had been heard, and bullet No. 23 had found its billet in a vulner able part of the animal’s anatomy. His performance was lustily cheered by his com panions, who thus gave vent to their feelings of relief. All bauds were heartily glad that the furious beast had been given its quietus. The young ex-rifleman hurried to tho fatal spot to seo how many shots the bullock had borne. Examination disclosed the vexatious fact that, with the exception of tlio boy’s bull's-eye, scored on tho first day, only ono shot hRd told out of the twenty-three ! His friends say that a person's life is at stake who has tho temerity tu ask Charlie if that bullock yielded tender steak. It is also stated that the representative of a district tannery lias been eagerly seeking to purchase the bide of the redoubtable bullock. He expressed his preparedness to give a big prico for a pelt capable of offering such remarkable^ resist ance to twenty-three rifle ballots fired by expert marksmen \ When in due course the Herald renuhos tlie old country, this report will be bound to engross tho interested atten tion of Continental military scientists, and will doubtless suggest groat possibilities in (he application of the hides of Tnlhmgatta bullocks to the cheap production of bullet proof clothing, calculated to outrival Herr Dower’s not4il>le invention. 