ON THE WAIKATO. ' ft 4 £ (COPYRIGHT.) BY ATI/A WESTBUR Y. CHAPTER I. It was quite unnecessary for the worthy Dr. Cranium of bump-reading notoriety, to elevate his shaggy eye brows after he had run his fingers over certain portions of my head, to inform me that I had the proclivities of the vagabond strongly developed. The information was not needed, inasmuch as I knew I was, and had been from my cradle, a careless, rambling Bohe mian, with a light purse and a lighter heart, and with a thorough hatred of anything in the shape of work. Sitting here, in the cozy parlor of the 44 Black Swan ' Hotel, on the Cres cent, Auckland, New Zealand, I, Frank Leigh, feel that I am indeed a rover, as untiring and as restless Ls the wan dering Jew. I have done the grand tour of the known world and have pulled up here at the antipodes for a spell. On the opposite side to that on which I am seated there is a large mirror, which reflects a tall, muscular young fellow of eight-and-twenty, face oval and darkly tanned ; eyes brown, keen and honest in expression ; brow bold and open, with just two furrowed lines upon its smooth surface ; hair dark and inclined co curl, with a fair-sized beaid. Such am I, "as I look at myself in the mirror on this November night, 18 — . In the fire which blazes and crackles in the grate before me I can see again many faces that- have come and gone during my wanderings. Now it is a black countenance, anon a white one, which instantly changes again to a color neither black nor white, that looks at me from the coals; while domes, steeples, pagodas, temples, mountains and landscapes come and go between. 44 If ye plaze, what time are we to start in the morning, eh ?" The individual who presented him self and interrupted my reverie with the above interrogative was not a hand some fellow by any means. Picture to yourself a low-sized youth about six- v . teen, with a skin the color of mahogany and a head that would have graced a . giant, if the appendage of a thick mop of unkempt wool upon it could be ac counted a recommendation. This gen tleman, who assumed to the refined nom-de-pliime of Floxy, was none other than a reprobate half-caste Maori iad, who had learned to ape the vices of \ the Pakeha without attempting their virtues. Floxy, otherwise Hapo Tuki, had a devil-may-care 44 boy " from the Eme rald Isle for his Badre his mother be ing a Maori woman. Flow poor Floxy come into the , world no one could say ; but one thing is certain, viz., that Barney M4Blatheri- gan (the aforesaid Padre) brought the wee coffee colored bundle of humanity home to his hut on the Waikato ; and here, amid choice language and whisky " tippling, the half-blood was nursed un til he was able to run about and scratch for himself. Floxy learned two things while be neath the paternal roof-— to drink like a fish and 'to speak in the richest of brogues. Of course, there was a certain dignity about the lad, but when he did unbend and condescend to open up a conver sation, it appeared the strangest of all stiange things to listen to the dusky rascal chattering in true Irish 44 patois " and with a tongue that a Dublin Jack- een might have envied. For a consideration, Floxy — who, by the way, was well acquainted with every Maori settlement in the Waikato country — had agreed to become my guide and servant on a tour I had de cided tp make among some of the more important tribes of the Maori race. The 44 consideration " consisted of five pounds, one suit of blue serge and a double-barrelled gun. For these arti cles Floxy had bound himself to serve me for twelve months, with the under standing that I allowed a pint of whisky and some 44 tobaccy " every week, when procurable, during the term. The half-caste had one quality which shone conspicuously above his other attributes, and that was impudence. No doubt the boy inherited that from his father ; and I am of opinion that if Floxy had imbibed nothing worse from the same quarter ibhad been well for him. Turning to look at the rogue, as he stood in the open doorway with a grin on his dark face, I could not help wish ing that his wardrobe had been in keep ing with his effrontry. A female's hat, without the ghost of a show of ribbon, in shape a mushroom, graced his head; while a well-ventilated coat and trou sers, which originally had been made for some person of three times the guide's build, clung lo him for bare ; fife. 44 Did ye hear what I a«ed yez ?" 44 Of course." 44 Well, it's waitin' I am." 44 Waiting for what ?" 44 To be tould whin we are to shtart," cried Floxy, taking off his hat and rub bing his flax. 44 Bother you ! I've told you twenty times already. Now, be off and shut the door." The half-caste obeyed, but the next moment his uncouth profile appeared again at the open doorway. 44 Shure there's an ould frind down- shtairs that hasn't set an eye on me these three years before to-day. Per haps it wouldn't be convaynient for ye to -advance one of thim pints of whisky which ye promised, sur ?" 44 No, it is not convenient, Floxy." 44 Thin the divil a toe will I budge wid ye, mark that," replied the monkey, boldly. I felt inclined to hurl the decanter at him, but thought better of it and gave him the contents instead. I was not certain I had done a wise thing in in dulging the debasing propensity of my quandam friend on the eve of our de parture. In the morning, however, the young imp was stirring betimes. Before the sun began to gild the peak of the Great Barrier seaward, the horses were sad dled ; and, having settled my bill, I bade adieu to the buxom hostess of the 44 Swan." The New Zealanders style them selves Maoris and consider all other races as far beneath them. Whether the word Maori may be derived from the root uri (dark) or considered syn onymous with moor (negro), I leave others to determine. With the natives Maori simply signifies indigenous or peculiar to New Zealand. The origin of the Maoris is shrouded in profound obscurity. Mysterious legends and traditions seem to convey vague historical reminiscenses. Their history of the creation of New Zealand is given in the form of a legend by one Te Papa, a fisherman, corresponding well with the notions of the people whose abode is surrounded by the sea and whose chief occupation was fishing. The natives call the northern island 44 Te Ika Mani," the fish of Mani. Mani, according to their traditions, is a hero— the very Hercules of their my thology, who achieved many wonderful exploits. He was their first instructor in boat and whare building and the in ventor of the art of twisting flax into cords and snares ; he killed the sea monster Tuarua; he is lord of fire and water and likewise of air and sky. To Mani is due the honor of fishing up the land out of the ocean ; hence its name, the fish of Mani. The hook on this occasion was the jawbone of one of his ancestors. The fish was hardly above the water before the bro thers of Mani fell upon it to cut it "up. Thence originated the mountains and valleys and all the irregularities on the surface of the country. a Strange to say, the outlines of the north island actually resemble the form of a fish and the Maoris even designate the localities corresponding with the respective parts of the fish. The sou thern poriion is the head, the north western the tail, Cape Egmont , the back fin, East Cape the lower fin. Wanganui, they say, is the salt water eye of the fish ; Wariaropa the sweet water eye. Ringoronga is the upper gill, Te Rimurapa the lower gill. The active volcano, Tongararo, with Tape Jarpo at rts base, forms the stomach and belly of the fish. This was certainly an interesting proof of the correct knowledge the Maoris had arrived at regarding the island, long before its outlines were re presented on- a map. Crossing the narrow isthmus between Onehunga and Otathahu, I struck out on the Great Southern Road, now the great highway of the interior, then ex tending little further than Drury, a small township about thirty miles from the city. Of course there was an extensive trade carried on the broad bosom of the noble Waikato River, which is navigable for several hundred miles; but the settlements of the Pakeha did not extend beyond the Papakuri Range. The King Chief, William, had fixed the limit of the white man's land to this spot and had issued the mandate, 44 so far shalt thou go and no farther." Beyond the range there was no vestige of road. Instead of the cozy farms, the fenced meadows, with cattle graz ing therein and the cultivated squares of green and brown that had met our gaze on the other side, there was no thing now around us but a wild and vast panorama of hill and vale and mountain, thickly strewn with trackless forests of gigantic kauri pines, which made the light above almost darkness to us beneath their- towering heads. In other parts of (the world I had made most of my journeyings by rail or steamboat, but I soon discovered that a trip up the Waikato meant toil and hardship of no light order. Paths practicable for horsemen were not many on the other side of Papakuri. Indeed, the difficulties arising from the nature of the country to be travelled had been mentioned by the guide, who told me plainly that the horses would be a hindrance rather than a help. This I discovered to be correct before we had gone a score of miles from Drury. The narrow paths of the Maori led over hills and mountains in steep as cent and descent, rarely in the valleys — nearly always along the ridges, honeycombed with holes and loose boulders. Acting on the advice of Floxy, whp proved a very excellent guide, I barter ed the nags for a stout canoe from some natives at Kiki and took to the river as the better mode of travel. I had decided to pay my first visit to His Maori Majesty Hoki, at Man- gartouorta, the capital of the various Waikato tribes. From Kiki the dis tance was only forty-one miles, so we pushed on that day and part of the night in hopes of reaching, the Maori metropolis the next morning. CHAPTER II. - Toki, King of all the Maoris, se lected Te Raupa as the metropolis and the future capital of the northern island. The royal residence, a spaci ous hut built in the most approved style of native architecture and sur mounted by tall flagpole, was situated upon the highest point beside a broad arm of the noble river, one hundred miles west of the city of Auckland. The Maori city lay further down, in a green vailey, and consisted of about two score large whares in straggling lines, with smaller ones between, and covering a space of about forty acres. The pennant of His Majesty had a centre piece of white, surrounded by a broad orimson border ; on the white there was a blue cross, beside the in scription, 44 Nuitireue " and three dia- mond-shaped figures. In front of the palace, a warrior, armed cap-a-pie, stalked to and lro, after the manner of the Guard sentinels at Windsor. A more lovely spot could not have been selected in the whole of New Zealand than this same haph, or dwell ing-place of the Majesty of Maoriland. On a wide, verdant slope, overlooking the stream, stood the city, while here, in the intervening space, a kind of natural Coliseum, runged in with tall kauri pines, served the tribes for a gi gantjc council hall al fresco. The rear of the settlement was pro tected by the high- Ma naku .Hills, while 'a fine stream of clear fresh water, called the Meri Men Creek, meandered with many a curve and serpentine twist through the heart of the vailey. irrigat ing the cultivated patches of potatoes and sweet yams in its vicinity and whose banks were runged by long lines of peach trees, planted at the sugges tion of the King's Prime Minister, of whom more anon. It was a numerous but somewhat motley guard of honor that escorted Floxy and myself from the landing place to the door of the King's man sion. Without any further ceremony than a kind of grunt, I was ushered into a long, narrow apartment, in which were assembled more than thirty persons (including seyeral ladies). In the royal Maori I found a. squab fellow,, about sixty years of ? ge and robed in a blue coat with red facings and shining brass buttons. His lower extremities were cased in a long pair of seaman's boots and he had a beard and moustache, which imparted to his fea tures a Moorish look. Squatted round his majesty in a cir cle were lour Maoris, whose faces riv- etted my attention. The foremost of these was a noble-looking savage of Herculian proportions, in the prime of his manhood. Unlike most of his race, this Maori had a clear olive skin, straight, prominent nose, with eyes as keen as those of a hawk ; the lower portion of his face was horribly tattoed, which completely disfigured his other wise bold and- handsome features. His hair was ornamented by a single moho feather and he wore a toga, or cloak, of white muka flax,. unsullied by any tag or emblem whatever. This was Te Puki, the - bravest and wisest of his race, who perished with seven hun dred of his warriqrs six months later, while defending Paterua against the volunteers. Seated next to Te Puki was an indi vidual totally different, both- in person and costume. This was a boyish chief, thick-set as a prize-fighter and with a round, bullet head, not unlike a. pro fessional bruiser. He seemed at least twenty or thirty years the junior of his neighbors. His eyes, which by some freak of nature were -placed very wide apart, never rested on one object a moment together, but roved round and about with a sly, suspicious glance, which displayed the double, treacher ous disposition of the owner. To at tempt to fix his look was out of the question, but the moment you turned your glance from him you instinctively felt that he was examining you, " The forehead of this youth was, low and overhung to the brows with thick, mat ted hair, but in spite of the thick cov ering thereon one could clearly discern three distinct qualities standing pro minently forth in Te Kooti, namely, cruelty, firmness and the sublety of the devil. , On the other side of Te Kooti sat the one-armed chief, Te Muna. Hot headed, ignorant and stubborn, he held the Gate Pah with only two hun dred half-armed warriors against a whole Imperial regiment for six days, when he eventually perished, together with his unfortunate companions. ihe fourth Maori of the group presented a different aspect to the others. A well-made savage, with a tattoo, mark upon him standing boldly up ; with folded arms, the dark, Moor ish-looking head fixed firmly upon broad and ample shoulders and the swarthy, open face, manly and straight forward in its every expression. Rewi, The Eagle, will never be forgotten by our generations of New Britisher either Maori or Pakeha. Able alike both in the council and in the field, this great rebel leader has been a thorn in the side of the anti- Maori party since he was sixteen years old, Electro-biologists certify that the whole human family have a certain amount of affinity or Vepulsion towards each other, as the case may be. In my case, I confess 1 felt drawn with friendly feelings towards this young chief, feelings which, in the course of evenls, I found were mutual. He could speak English -fluently and without the least reserve proffered to give me all the, information in his power about his people. After saluting us, the King enquired if we had brought him any tobacco and, receiving a reply in the negative, became sulky and handed us over- to the Prime Minister without further ceremony. Mariipi, otherwise Ben Cable, the First Minister of State at the Court of Hoki, was a runaway sailor fro'm one of the war ships previously stationed on the coast, who had made his way into the Waikato country, married a Maori woman and settled down on the land which he received with her and so became a naturalised Maori and a Kingite. The Premier had a jolly-looking face, tanned to the color of mahogany ; iron- grey whiskers, which met under the chin like a coil of eope. A good-hu mored face on the whole, crowning a muscular, thick-set frame, wrapped in jicket and trousers of mica flax. He was seated on a rum-cask, with a news paper, which he had been reading to his royal master. Ben Cable greeted my companion warmly, yet with a certain sly and pre tended gravity only assumed for the nonce. To me he bowed stiffly, but invited us to his house by the river ,bank.— To be Continued, W1 