The Lass that Loved a Miner. Bx J. MONK FOSTER, - ' Àrçthorof " A Pit Brow Lassie," " Slaves of Fate," "A Miàer's Million,'' «(Queen o' theFactory," "A Crimson Fortune,' : " The White Gipsy," fte. '. -: ' ; ; > [COPTBIOHT PUEOTASED Dï TIIE BABBTBR ' Mira.] , u . - i PART IL-THE ISLE OF GOLD. ' ' ' CHAPrER I. THE WÀIKÀNOOTA RUSH. ; '« Here we are, lade. Down with i tibe traps, and lot's mark oat oar - claim !" ? The speakor waa one ol a party of i three cien win had just arrived at « Waikanoota Gally, a rock-bound valley i lying »boat twenty miles eastward of :i Hokitika, (be capital of Westland County, New Zealand. ( He and his companions were gold ! diggora, aad only that morning bad i they thrown np an old and unprofit- < '. able olaim some miles away and joined j / in the rash to Waikanoota Gally, where, ramor said, that was to be i ?cooped ap in baoketfals. i "ÀU right, Sepb," one of the Brat ] speaker's chama answered. "Shall we i unload the mule here 1 What spot do i : job fancy, old man V «« Here-right hare, Granby," the \ maa addressed aa Seph replied, as he i ' glanced around bim. . " Thia is right in ; abe centre of the gulch, and the alluvial will be ab ita thickest here- 1 abouts, or ehe I know nothing of gold digging. Unload the mule, and in with the pega at once." Seph's comrades needed no urging to do the work which lay immediately before them. Daring the past few months fortune had not looked favor- ably upon their endeavors after gold, ,and the prospecta of a new and pro- . bably a rich | claim had an inspiring influence upon each member of. the party at that moment. Besides, they c 'knew that unless that particular spot was staked out forthwith some other crowd of .wandering diggers might come ap and interfere with the ground ?elected. \- So they all seb to work to unload the animal which bore their tools, tent, and other belongings, and while I hoy are so employed a glance may be taken r of their surroundings. Waikanoota Gully was a rock-bound valley half a hundred yards wide, and ' about a mile and three-quarters long. -?- Thousands of years befare the stony , gorge had been carved out by one or another of the Titan forcea of nature. Along the gulch ran a narrow stream cryetally clear and icy cold, which was fed in equal proportions by ¡ the frequent taina and thick miels ~; and the waters of the melting glaciers ' ' Which gathered eternally ab the head of Mount Cook and his brother mountains, and slid, for ever at their .? feat. * - . The sides of the gully were almost sheer walls of rock, which rose for hundreds of feet, ledge after ledge, like great steps that led to' the summits of the snow-crowned giants which reared themselves in the centre of the island. Bat the rocky sides of the .wild and ..weird-looking el°n were not barren. Wherever a foothold coa?d be found 1er vegetable life these -plants flourished, and the steep walls of the I golly presented a long stretch of the moat charming and vivid green and i delicate greys to the eye. j Hore and there in boundless pro- i . fusioa lovely tree ferns and darker 1 leaved shrubs luxuriated, running up i " _> the sides of the precipices in long ¡ strips of vegetation until lost to view in the silvery mists which hung about the shoulders of the titanic, bills. And here and there among the great masses of graat feathery foliage the tatara pines lifted their tapering stems, draped with all manner of fantastically shaped festoors - of grey lichen, which contrasted prettily with : 'thé patches of blaok rock, the huge fern fronds; and Bcarlet blossoms of \- the rata which in places lib np the tangled growth of green with patches of intensa cole r. At the head of the gully a thin , thread cf silvery, water leaped -down- ward to feed the rivulet and-beat itself wibh a musical murmur into* spray on . the rocks below, and at other pok ts along the valley liltle cascades were tinkling down the lichen covered . walls. Three weeks before a couple -of miners out prospecting had discovered gold in the firab panful of dirt they had washed in Waikanoota Gully ; i .nd subsequent washings at different points, had given equally fruitful ; results. _ .''"v. , ' Then the blood-stirring news had i been ecattered about, and the rush to ', Waikanoota Golly began ; and / in ; 21 days the qaíefc, deserted gulch had i been transformed into a small pande- i mpninm oompoifld of ; men of almost ' «very natfontlitf poder the beavens,: ¡ who were thirsting after the precióos yellow metal. By the time oar three friends reached the spot the place appeared like a small town or, perhaps a better phrase, would be a large fair, for between 1000 and 1500 men of all sorts and conditions had taken up their temporary quarters in the gully. The majority of these wanderers bad I boused themselves in canvas tents or rough hats of timber, and a few boasted erections of light corrugated iron, while not a small number had nothing to shelter them Bave a shaggy well-worn and too often dirty blanket. Most of the miners who were then roughing it at Waikanoota had to travel thither on foot and carry their belongings on their backs, generally wrapped up in the ever-present blanket. Diggers can exist ander almost any conditions, provided that they bave a good stout rog in which to enwrap themselves when they take their well-won sleep in the open beside a fire, and a pannikin and "billy "in which to boil their tea. v The men at Waikanoota were a rough and ready lot, bat nob more rough and ready than one could expect to find at sach a place. They worked hard in the daytime seeking the auriferous ore, and if they found it in any considerable quantity they wished themselves and their chains good luck in one or other of the drinking saloons. ~ Three weeks bad transformed the deserted gulch into a town, with traders' stores, an bot9J, a bank even, and whisky dens by tho dozen. The finds of gold had been rather extraor- dinary, and the boom had . attracted . every miner with a bad claim who was ' .within 20 miles. These men were still coming in by dozens, and in the i coarse of a week or two every avail- able inch of soil in Waikanoota Gally woald be staked oat. ../..;.. . By the time Seph Dennett, George. Granby, and their remaining chum, Ike Shellcombe, h*d staked oat their claim and erected their conical-shaped hoof e of canvas, the evening was approach- ing. Behind the towering mountains the sun was slowly sinking, and the level red rays smote the glistening white-capped peaks and trackless wa3trs of snow and ice below with a fire which spotted and streaked them as with blood. The three chums had jaso finished work, and were standing at the entrance to their tent. One of them, Ike Shellcombe, was speaking. "Well mates," he remarked, with the nasal peculiarity of the trae Yankee, " I guess we've about finished that job, and that being so I vote that we liquor up. What do yon Bay, Seph, old man." " I was just thinking, Ike, of making a fire so that we could have a sope of tea," was the reply. "Never mind the fire," Granby broke in at this point ; " at least not yet, Dennett. It's toD early by a long way to turn in yet, and tea will keep. Fm "of Shollcombe'a. way of thinking. Let ns go and have a drink. I suppose there must be quite a lob of fellows here that we know." " Well, I don't mind," Seph re- sponded, and they all turned away from the tent and made '. their way towards the centre of the crowded 86ttlencenK .. Picking their way amid the multi- tude of diggings and diggers, the trio sauntered along. ? Many of the miners 'were ceasing operations for the day, and with some of these our friends paused now and again to chat about the claims. Mo3t of those, to whom, they spoke gave glowing accounts of their " finds," and this seamed to augur well for tho success of the ground they had tVcen up. Toe scene in tne gally was ol a lively and aa interesting nata re. Half cf the fiat patch of alluvial land hemmed in by the cliffs was already occupied and being rifled of its yellow treasures, and the remainder would be taken up in the course of a week, for fresh batches of diggers were coaetjaatly arriving in gangs of twos, threes, foura, and half-dozens Here and there the red shirted miners were standing about > their hole7, some of them winding up buckets laden with the gold-bearing dirt, others washing the last paufal of gravel and storing away the auriferous sand. At the mooth of many" claims a small flag of red bunting was flapping idlyin the evening breez?, denoting that gold .in paying quantities had been unearthed at those particule r spots. In and about the broken ground the new arrivals were threading their way, making eager ' inquiries of the workers. The tradesmen's stores were lit up already, ard doing a good business, and the saloons were driving a rearing trade in bad whisky and other liquors, and English bottled ale and stoat. !« Here's -the place, I guess,*' said Ike Shcllcombs, and he and his chums came upon a large structure of cor- rugated iron, over the largo open door- way of-which ran the legend " M'Tag-, gar t's First. Class Hotel." "Come along, boys,. and lei's samplo the Britisher's poison." ' ' They went inside ' together, i' and | found a motley, assemblage gathered about the long bar. They ordered i drinks and stood chatting among them-¡ selves, glancing meanwhile hither and i thither about the pince and making casual observations concerning the various diggers they knew in . the crowd. : ? ? Presently George., Granby nudged eacli of his chums sharply in the ribs with his elbow, and said : .. . ? ' I " Look over there at the;furtherend, of the room. There's thatö'd ? batter' again-Maori Dick, don't yon call himî" Seph's eyes and those of Ike were i turned^in tho direction Granby bad indicated, and they recognised ab once the notorious character to whom their chum bad alluded. Maori Dick wai a gaunt fellow of 45 or 50,' fltolad, unkempt, and of a generally uninviting aspect. To look at the wretched creature one would not have given a brass farthing ' for the man, either ; morally, physically, or intellectually. But Maori Dick was worth more than he appeared to be. When he spoke one could detect in his speech and manner traces of a refinement and education which testified that he had lived a higher life somewhere, and at some time not remotely distant. What the man's real name was no one in the ¡eland could tell, nor where he hailed'from originally, fer when sober he could never be got to ¿peak of either himself or his past; and when drunk, which was of ten, he was not to be pumped by the mozt cunning digger iii all New Zealand. For the last 10 years the miserable fellow had been knocking about the various gold towns in Westland Country, and he was familiar as the sun to every old digger within 40 miles. Once a week Maori Dick would tura ap io one or other of the noted diggings, and, after having had a big and deep "drank," would disappear for a handful of days, to be. seen to more of men and the world until the drinking fib wae apon bim »gain, Bat the et'angést paris of the busi ness was this. Although no digger of all the thousands on the South leland had ever seen Dick handle either a pick, shove), or cradle, ha was. always flush of money when he frequented the common haunts of men. - ? Whera the man pot his money from was a mystery, and not a few theories had been originated in order to explain the puzzle. Some believed that Maori Dick was a scapegrace member of an aristocratic family in old England, and that his relatives paid him handsomely to keep away from home ; while others there wera who averred that Dick was simply an idle digger who had made his pile years ago and was now spend- ing it after the fashion which appeared best to himself ; and, again, not a few diggers hinted that the disreputable sot who threw his gold about so reck- lessly when "on the sprea" had struck a rich hole somewhere and was woik ing it secretly. When questioned on the point Dick would tug with a dirty hand at the ragged sheaf of grizzled hair at his chin and emit a low, dry, cynical chuckle. Most frequently that was his only answer, but occasionally he would remark, after asking his inter- locutor to lave [a drink, that bis pile was safe, and that he meant to "blue it before be passed in his checks." Maori Dick was already half drank, and he was pressing everyone about him to drain their cups and have another with him. Oar'three friends only escaped his invitation ( because they were eat of the field of his obscured vision. "There is something about that fellow I cannot fathom for the very life of me," George Granby mattered in a reflective way to his companion. " That is EÖ, boss,? the Yankee drawled, in answer. "I reckon, para, that I can take tho measure of most men, but Dick there, I somehow can't get a grip of." .. "One thing is certain about him, Shell combe," Granby returned, in a positive tone. " And what may that be, ole man V Ike queried; as he filled his lank, hair- less jaws with a mammoth ping of 'tobacco. . % " He's a university man-^ thousand pounds to a hayseed on that. He's of good birth, : too, or I'm a Josser. Haven't you noticed at times how well modulated his voice is, and how correct is his English ? There's a mystery about Maori Dick that) I'd give a trifle ta geb to the bottom of. What do you say. Seph r " I'm with you there," wai DeanetbY ready - response. " That .chap - bas a Btory like. mest of ns I suppose, bot what ib is I cannot even imagine. But I do know that he is a_very gênerons fellow io spite of his dirt; drink, and beastliness in general." "How do yon .reckon that up, Britisher V asked the American. " I guess that Dick's generosity rans to a liquor as it does with the lot of us." " Oh no, Ike," Seph remonstrated. " Wait till 1 tell you what happened two or three years ago, when I; first met Dick at Hokitika. He had been on one of bis great sprees there when I first ran against him, and had painted tho whole town red, as yon may readily suppose. But his drunk on . that occasion had b:en a bigger and more lengthy one than usual even with him. "I was hanging around the: place doing nothing in particular, having just finished a good paying hole up Kabonaga way, where-the gold had given out, and was waiting for the next rush. - ? ? * ?? j : '.' Being flush, I was taking things j pretty easy, and whik doing the rounds i of the whisky hells, I came across Dick there, and had not a few drinks with bim. He's an awfully good-natured fellow when in liquor, and he seemed to" take to me somehow. At all events he wanted me to go on the rampage with him, and offered to find all the rhino for the fun. " Of course I declined, for I wasn't without a nice little heap of dust of my own at that time, and Maori Dick con-, tinued to paint the town red on his own hook. .-.?.'! "One day when his dust bad rou i out and the bar-tenders of the various 1 saloons were ref asirig to give him booze on tick, he met with an accident-got j knocked out in the street by a passing j cart and had bÍ3 leg broken. ! ~ "There the.poor devil waa stranded and helplefs, after running through i forty or fifty pounds' worth of dust in a dozen days or thereabout?. I found him lying in a den where he bad been j carried, aud no one near who cared a j tinker's curse whether ho rotted to death or not." ~ "Andyon, Sepb," Granby asked as Denneb paused in bis recital to wet hiß. wbistlewitb a drop of whisky. "What did yon dot" " What did I do? What could ! do ? I had the wretched devil taken to the best hotel iu all Hokitika and placed under proper medical attend- ance ; and I gave the doctor to ander- stand that I would pay for everything -in fact, I did pay in advance-and I told him to spare nothing." "And theo, SephV asked Granby, who had become interested in the story, " what happened afterwards ?" " I left the town in a hurry to join in some gold rush then on up Taurangi way, and didn't see Dick until thir- teen or fourteen months afterwards. And when we met again things were upsidedown again with me, you can bet. I and a chum had been working like niggers for months in a god- forsaken hole at Taurangi and hadn't found enough gold in the cradles during all that time to keep us with dry tommy. . "And to make matters as infernally badas they could be my old chum, Boger Wolfendale, took the fever and died. When I had buried him I was stone broke both in pocket and in spirit-hadn't a copper to carse or bless myself with, and credit for neither a bite nor sap. "I was just thinking of chucking digging there and then for ever, and of begging my way to Otago, where I might tarn laborer at five bob a day, when who should I run against at the door of a'saloon bub Maori Dick. " He was then on the ' go,' as asnal, bat he was sober enough to recognise me at once, and to grip me fast. It didn't take, me long to tell him how things stood with me, and before I. knew what I was doing I was inside the place, and had the best the saloon could ofter in the way of eatables and drinkables." " Good old boss V quoth the Yankee, with a sparkle in his, small eyes. " There's grit in the heathen after all. I reckon I owe that fellow a drink." " But that wasn't all, Sbellcombe," Seph went on. "Before we parted Dick dropped five and twenty quid into my hands, and when I wanted to talk about repayment or him wanting some of io he simply ran away and left me. Since then I have met him many a time, and have offered him repay- ment. But I sbaU never do so again." "How's that, pard," the Yankee demanded, somewhat sharply. "Because I do not waut to iaeulto bim," was Seth's reply. " Low as Í Maori Dick appears to have- fallen, the heart of man still beats in his breast, no matter how much he may try to hide the fact by making a beast of himself. The last time I ventured to speak to him about the money he implored me with tears in his eyes first time I or anjoae else ever saw him betray any sign of feeling-never again to offer bim that crowning in- sult after what I bad done for him in Hokitika." "I should like to shake the old vagabond by the hand !" Granby burst forth. "There's better stuff in that demoralised old savage than all the gang he is treating there at the bar." "I'm with yon there,'pard,"drawled Ike, as he munched his mouthful of thick twist. " I guess I shall have to make Maori Dick's acquaintance just f or the sake of . tailing him that he's a darned eight better than I used to think him." " Then you'll have a chance, chuma," Dennett) cried suddenly, " for Dick's coming, over here I can see. Ht>'s spotted me-here he comes." So.it was. The tall, gaunt, neglected looking fellow came across the place at à gallop, and waa wringing Seph Den- nett's fist in his own ere the others scarcely realised it. " How are you, Sepb, my boy ?" the half-tipsy vagrant cried loudly. " All right I can see. YCB, I'm on the rampage again, and mean to do the thing well on this 'especial occasion. Maori Dick doesn't count the cost when he is out for a holiday. Are theso friends of yours, Seph ? If they are I should like to feel their hands." " Been . here long, gentlemen 1n Maori Dick asked as he poised, his tumbler of whisky and soda on high and watched the sparkling effervescent bubbles with the glance of a con- noisseur. " We only joined the rush this after- noon," said' Dfnnett." Have you been here long ?" ' '?. ' . " Just'a few days" only, and I was thinking of moving ; but I shall stay a little longer now for the pleasure of your company. If you, gentlemen, will only help me to melt the dust you will confer an inestimable benefit on yours faithfully. What do-" Maori Dick's speech waa broken off abruptly, and his face changed color with the quickness cf a lightning flash. His, attontion had been arrested by the. voices of some new arrival?, and at one of these, a dark-bearded, sturdily formed man of 50, he stared as if a. ghost or devil were confronting him. Then without a word he turned, drained his glass to the dreg?, and tried to slip out of the taloon. But he was not quick enough. Ere he reached the wide, gaping doorway a burly form dashed forward, and strong re- vengeful hands gripped him tightly. Maori Dick's csîailant was the dark bearded stranger at whom be had stared with feer and amaze, and the man's voice wa3 ringing huskily, pas- sionately, savagely, through the fa.lo.on. " You . damnable hound!'' the stranger hissed with' his fingers. at Dick's throat. "At last I hare found you ! Now I'll wipe put your,sin with your life ! Stir a foot if you dare, and I'll put a bullst; through your infernal carease!' In a moment all was clamor and confusion. The diggers rushed in a crowd towards the struggling men, all agog with wonder as to the cause of the sudden encounter. . (To be continued on Tuesday.) ; The beat food for children is Arnott's milk arrowroot biscuits. Ask for Arnott's, and don't be persuaded to take a substitute.t 