SPORTING. T-Y 'Auccr'sGhost.' Tlic drawingt)f ' TatkreallV St. A]ba-j V Estate Distributiou has been fixed' for Ou t*her24. Tbe first cricket match of the season was pkyed on SaMirday, between a teiui repro- ' senting the Gulled Meit Works ani the Cos iiopolitin Cricket C ub, and resulted ia. the former wiinine by 6S runs— A meeting ofierickelters interested iu the MecUaoics' Club, is advetised W.Eilte plasi^ at the Cnterioa Hutol, oa WedaesdAy eveu ing, at 8 p.ni. '' ' A meeting of members of the Ninu-lont Cricket Club will Le held at the R ival Mail Hotel, ou Thursday evening at S p.m. A meeting uf cyclists is to be held at the Roval M.iU Hotei, ihia (Tusaday) evening, at 8 p.m., to make arraugein n's for holdi:ikrx a day's sport in aid of the looil Hospita'. . A polo niit- cU was playtul ou ^atiirduy^.. between the team that recently went to lliy; , . and the team that went to Kerarbury. The-. DrniRr team -A««IiiKja ot M. II. JcvlL.in^'c,.. ,' Cullev, W. M Pherson, and Dr Watt, aii.i: the latter by Huie, II. L. Culley^ Wren, .:-ml DrFox. Huies tcan scored 3 goals iu the1 first UaW to tusir oppoiimits nil, but ii iha ssooucl half Jenkin's team put iugood work, and made the result almost equal. Through out the ginic van pretty fast, bot'a teams played spleudid'y, and another mateli between- the two teams is anxiously looker!'. forward t). Why not have .another in.' tlirse week's time ; itwillbe good practice for the annual carnival.. In all probability a team of the local polo players will juurusy to Wsgga on Siturday ? next to try conclusions with the Wagga, bub I cannot asoertaiu the names of the -pkiycrs- ? likely to go. One thins I'm certain off,'aaJ. that U, whatever team goes, it will do its . best to down their opponents. I wish theirw luck. The Narandera Polo- Club holds their an nual polo contests and pony races on No vember 9, when tbe ' Diimo' trophy, pre sented by Messrs Gi'ison Bros., is- to be competed tor. The donors hivev sho-vo - greit taste in selecting the trophy, which; consist of four elegant black Car*, marble tiinpieces. being of a very pretty design. The winuing team will indeed reoeive a prizejihatthoylshouldalwuysbeproudof. The- . following tenns are expected to- put in an: appearance :— Yerong, Wagga, Hay, Ker— arbury, GroougaV, Uruua, and JTurandera. The following tuire3, belonging, to. Mr Biylis, have dropped foais to Vuliers : — Tlie Houri, b f, 2ud August ; Hoity Toitv,~ h or br c, 30th August. § Parple.and Gold:; has gone on a visit to (Sunrise. ' ' ' ' ; As I anticipated, both Sundbt wd' Wivr works won races at Teinora, but Snip' had - to be conteht with third place in the hurdles^. Snip was brought under the hammer at Tamora', and was down at £25, but I heir that for some reason or other tiiu new ownvr- . did not taie delivery, and he has returned home. . Buudot, the T«mora Handicap winner, i«, I believe, going to Sydney, to run among tho ponies. . ; ' St. Sierra has been turned out by.Alfl Lenehan, for a well earned spell. Newman, -who has always been supposed to be more than the ordinary; ; broke the mile aad furlongi record ou Situtday. Ho oarriod Oat lib, aud carved ihe' distance out in 1 miu 55 sees, or J sec. belowibe record.. True Blue, by Abcrcoru— Bliiei nnd Whi(^, run the six furlongs in tlie Tramway Hindi- ' cap, in liniii HJsecfl. Thn prinoipal event'. of ilie day, the-^pring H^ndipap, was won Vivian, hy Abercorn — L»uy Virian, who de feated Nobleman by a head; the mile and a' quarter trip taking 2 min 10 seas. T*b T«'o-ye;ir-old rabe »awthree Looliii a fill ttiej 