SPORTING. BV'ADOOB-a dH03T.' Mr A. C. Edwards and Larry HoltneB were before the stewards at Hay V- ex plain Nonpareil's performance iu the trotting events, and were cautioned. The Vengeur mare Veronica, while taking part in the Farewell Hannicap at Hay, fell and broke her back aud had to be destroyed. Her nder, K. Hoystod, got Ills ante dislo. cated, and waa taken to the hospital, where he is progressing favorably. Mr W. T. Seal's Dorothy, by Richmond— Dolainera, broke down badly while taking part in the Opening Handicap at the Hay Baoes, and subsequently .died. Dorothy was in foal to Torrents, and that was the last meeting at whioh she was to take part. All the six horses' names thai left Naran dera on Tuesday last, for lie Hay Baoes, with the exception of St. Sierra, com ire iced with 'E'— Esoapade, Early Morn, Envy, Kyrie, and Elvira. The batch started fourteen times at the -meeting, and getting placed no less than '13 times— 5 firsts, i se conds, aud 4 thirds— in f&ct; they only missed one race in which they took part, the Fare well Handicap, won by Turmoil, who, by the bye, is owned by Dr-Watt, who re oently took up bis residence in our midst. Escapade romped home with the two principal events at Hay, and must have pretty weli cleared her purohose. money. Mr Price has issued tue weights for the Wliitton Races, and considering the' class of cattle engaged, has done, his work well. - Ben. H. Andrew is to the foru with a grand handicap, bil'iard tournament, whioh is to, take (d&oe; at his ne* room, in -East Street,, The advertisement, from which full particulars, Qan, be gleaned,' appears oUe VkW-. '&????«? ? ? Immediately after the conclusion of the cricket match, Mechanics v. Narandera, on Saturday afternoon a trial match North against South wa» played on^the Oval, It was the firs.t football of the seas'ftn, Kq dis tinguishing colors were worn so that it vras difficult to make out the teams. Mr Biggins acted as central umpire, keeping the play., going in the three spells wlikh were pUyed. forth drew first blood by scoring two goal* in the first tweDty minutes. South responded with » neatly made goal, close up to the. posts. When ends were changed play bo came ifaster,and the score stood at— North, 3 goals ; South, 2 goals. It Was decided to have a final epeH, in which North added 2 more goals', and when p'ay finished North had won by 6 goals to 2. Roseleaf ran a dead heit with Chopstick for third in the Deer Park Handicap, won ?by Best Bower, at the Melbourne Hunt Club Races on Saturday. Solim ran second to Summerlea in the Bracelet Stakes at the same meeting. The Roynl Two-Year-Old Plate, run at Ketflpton Park (England), was won by Mr Leopold- do ?Rothchild's brc St. Frusquin,, by St. Simon— Isabel, the same gentleman being runner-up with OuUstan, by Brag — Guinevia. What makes the event interest ing to us is. that the runner-up is very closely related to Tamenund, both claiming Guinevra as their dam. 