SONS OF FIRE. B Y MISS BfiADDOST. Author of " Lady Audley's Seoret," " The Fatal Three," "The Day will Come," "The £>ootor's Wife," "Thou art the Man," &c.; C H A P T E S XXVIII.—(Continued). 5 THE MEETING PLACE OP WATBES. Throughout the reoord of African travel there is that dark feature of the story—the traveller who is left behind. Sometimes it is the fever fiend that lays a soorching hand upon the fearless adventurer, flings him down to suffer thirst and pain, and heaviness, aud delirious horrors, in the foul darkness of a beehive hut, to die in a dream of home, with shadowy faces looking down at him, familiar voioes talking with him. Sometimes he falls in a ring of savage foes, hemmed round with hideous faces, foes as fierce and implacable as lion or leopard; foes who kill for tbe sake of killing; or cannibals, for whom man is the choicest banquet. The hazards of the pilgrimage take every shape, death by drowning, death by massacre, death by smallpox or jungle fever;, death by starvation, by the bursting of a gun, by beasts of prey. In every story of travel there is always that dark.page which tells of the man who is left;. Dillon, Farquhar,the' two Pooocks, Jameson, Bartelott, Weissemburger. The ghosts that haunt the pathway of tropical Africa are many; but those melancholy shadows exercise uo deterring influence on the traveller who sets out to-day, strong, elate, hopeful, inspired by an eager curiosity which takes no heed of trouble or of risk. "Which of us three is to stay behind?" Geoffrey asked himself in a gloomy wonder. Not Patrington. He had come to the stage at which the traveller bears a charmed life. It is seldom the experienced wanderer, the man of many journeys, who falls by the wayside. Hotheaded youth, bold in its ignorance of danger, perishes like a bird caught ia a trap. The strong frame of the trained athletB shrivels like a leaf is the bot blast of fever. The careless boatman tempts the perils of a difficult passage, and is swept over the stony bed of the torrent, and vanishes in the fathomless pool. The hardened traveller knows what he- is about, and can reckon with the forces of that gigantio nature which he faces and defies. It is the tyro who pays the price of his inexperience, and, in the history of African travel, the survival of the fittest is the rule. " Whioh of us?" That question had entered into the very fabric of Geoffrey's thoughts. Sometimes, sitting by the oamp-Sre as the chilliness of night crept around them, a grisly fancy would flash across his reverie, and he would think that the pale mist that rose about Allan's figure, on the other side of the circle, was the visionary shrond which the Highlander eees upon the shoulders of a friend marked for death. "Would it be Allan?" If it were Allan, he, Geoffrey, would hasten home to tell the sad story, and then—to claim her whose tootender conscientiousness had refused happiness at Alias's expense. Allan gone, chsre would be no reason why she should deny her love. "For I know, I know that she loves me," Geoffrey repeated to himself. He had beeu telling himself that story ever since he left England. No denial from those lovely lips, no woitis of acorn, would convince him that he was unloved. He could recall looks and tones that told another story He had seen the gradual change in her which told of an awakening heart. "She never knew what love meant till she knew me," he told himself Did he wish for Allan's death ? No, there was no euoh hideous thought in the dark labyrinth of his mind, or, at least, he believed that there was not. One must perish! He had so brooded over tbe story of former victims that lie had taught himself to look upon one lost life as inevitable. But the lot was as likely to fall upon him as upon Allan. More likely, Btuce his habits were more reckless and more adventurous than Allan's. . If there was danger to be found, he and his Makololos courtcd it. Shooting expeditions, raids upon unfriendly villages, hand-to-hand skirmishes with Mir&mbo;'a brigand tribe&; he and his Makololos were ready for Anything. He had travelled over hundreds of miles with his warlike little gang—exploring, shooting, fiphting —while Patrington and Allan were living in dreamy inaction, waiting for better weather, or for the recovery of half a dozen ailing pagazis. Assuredly he who ran such superfluous risks was the more likely to fall by the way. Well, death iB a solution of all difficulties. " If I am dead it will matter to me very little that my bright, ineffable coquette is transformed into a sober, middle-aged wife, and that she and Allan are smiling at each other across the family breakfast-table, in a commonplace domestic paradise. But while I live and am young I shall think of her and long for her, and Hate the lucky wretch who wins her. If we should both go back, if Patrington's tough bones are the bones that are to whiten by the way, and not Allan's or mine, why, then, we shaii again beriva7s, and the years of exile will be only 9 dream that we have dreamt." It was a strange position in which these two young men found themselves. Friends, almost as brothers in the cIos6 intimacy of that solitude of three, only three oivilized thinking beings amidst a crowd of creatures who Seemed as far apart aB if they had belonged to the forest fauna—the great antelope family—or the Simian race. These two, so nearly of an age, reared in the same country and the same social sphere, united and sympathetic at every point of contact between mind and mind, and yet keeping this one deep gulf of silence between them. They spoke to eaoh other freely of all things except of her, and yet each knew that she was the one absorbing subjeot in the mind of the other. Each knew that her image went along with them, was never absent, never lees distinctly lovely, even when the way was fullest of hardship and peril, when every yard of progress meant a struggle with thorns that tore them, and brambles that lashed them, and the tough, rank verdure carpet that clogged their feet. Neither had ever ceased to remember her, or to think of these adventurous days as anything else than exile from her. Whatever interest or enjoyment there might be in that varied experience of a land where beauty and ugliness alternated with startling'transitions, it was not possible that either Allan or Geoffrey could forget the reason they were there, far from the fair faoes of women and from all the ease and pleasantness of civilized life. _ Geoffrey had the better chance of oblivion, since those wild excursions and explorations of his afforded all tbe excitement of the untrodden and the hazardous. The caravan road from the coast to Ujiji, with all itB varieties of hardship, was too beaten a track for this fiery spirit. At every haltingplace he went off at a tangent; and if his oomradfes threatened not to wait for his return he would pledge himself to rejoin them further on, laughing to scorn every suggestion that he and his little company of Makololoa and Wanyamwesiscouldlose themaelves in the wildernesB. He was more in touch with the men than Allan—nas familiar with their ways and ideas as Patrineton after many years travel. He had learnt their language with a marvellous quickness—not the copious language of civilization and literature, be it remembered—but the terse and useful vocabulary of the camp and the hunting- ground, the river and the road. He understood his men and their different temperaments as few travellers leara to understand, or desire to understand them. And yet there was but little Christian benevolence at the root of this quick sympathy and comprehension. Although, as an Englishman, Geoffrey would have given no sanotion to the Bale and barter of hiB felktyr-oreatures, these dark servants were to him no more than slaves—so much carrying power and so muoh fighting power, subject to his domination. It pleased him to know their characters, to be able to play upon their strength and weakness, their ferooity and their greed, just as surely as he manipulated the etopB of the great organ at Diecombe. These Africans gave a name of their own choosing to almoBb everybody. They; christened the great Sultan of the interior Tippo-Tib, because of a curious blinking of bis eyes. Captain Trivier obtained his nickname on account of his eyeglass. Another man was named after his spectacles. The Sultan of Ujiji was called Roumariza—"It is ended"—because he had suooeeded in reducing belligerent tribes to peaceful settlement. For the Englishmen in particular Africa could always find a nickname, based on some insignificant detail of manner or appearance. For Englishmen in general she has found a nobler-sounding name. She oalled them Sons of Fire.. Geoffrey, with his tireless energy, his rapid decision, his angry impntienoe ot delay, seemed to his followers the very highest exemplar of the fiery race that oan perseVere and conquer difficulties whioh the native of the soil recoils from as insurmountable. Sona of Fire ! Wero they not worthy of the name, these white men, when far out in midstream, While 1 the boatmen bent and cowered over their paddles, these Englishmen looked in the face of the lightning and sat calm and unmoved while day darkened to the pitchy blaakuess of a starless midnight, and the thunder reverberated from hill to hill with roar upon roar and peal upon peal like the booming of heavy batteries, and anon orashed and rattled with a sharper, nearer sound. Blinding lightning, torrential rain, war of thunder and tempestuous waters, were all as nothing to these , sons oE fire. Their spirits rose amidst hurricane or thunderstorm ; they were full ^of life and gaiety while the cockleshell canoes were being tossed upon the short choppy sea like forest leaves upon a forest brook, and when every sudden gust threatened^ destruction. They laughed at peril, and insisted upon having the canoes out when their native followers saw danger riding on the wind and death brooding over the waters. They met the epirit of murder, '-and were not afraid. They lay down to sleep in the midst of an unknown wilderness with savage beasts lurking in the darkness that surrounded their tents. They forded rivers that swarmed with crocodiles — horrible stealthy creatures, swimming deep down below the surfaoe of the water, the placid beautiful water, with lotus .flowers sleeping in the sunlight, and scaly monsters waiting underneath in the shadow. Panther, crocodile, tempest, fever, or sunstroke, poisoned arrows from murderous foes, were only eo many varieties in the story of adventure. Through every vicissitude the ready wit and caloi courage of the Englishman rose superior to accident, discomfort or danger; and to the native temper these wanderers from a far country, an island which they had beard of as a epecjapi a narrow sea, seamed men of iron with eouli of tire. Geoffrey would admit no malingering, would ^coept no idle pretexts for inaction or delay. His little band, picked oat from tbe ruck of their porters, were always on the more, save in these rainy interludes which made movement impossible ; and even then Geoffrey fretted and fumed, and was inclined to question the impracticability of a hunting expedition through those torrential rains. " Did you ever hear of a fox-hu' er stopping at home because of a wet d a y b e asked Cecil Patrington impatiently. " Did you ever see such rain as this in a fox-bunting country retorted Patringtob, pointing through an opening in the door of the hut to the sheet of falling water which blotted out ali beyond, and splashed with a'thud into the pool chat filled tho enclosure. The deep eaveB kept the rain out of the huts, but not without occasional accident— spoilt provisions, damp gunpowder. It was a rude awakening from dreams of home to find one's bed afloat on a pond of rising . waters. Geoffrey had taken upon himself the task of providing meat for the party. Patrington's liuy, happy-go- luoky temper readily ceding skat post of distinction to the new-comer. A man who had shot every species of beast that inhabits the great continent could easily surrender the privilege of finding meat dinners along the route; so be only used bis gun now and then when the humour prompted, and for the meet part smoked the pipe of peace and read Dickens ia the repose of a day's halt, while Geoffrey roamed off with his Winchester rifle aud his little band of obsequious dark-skiae. And now in this period of waiting there was the great inland sea to explore; those romantis shores with their wealth of animal life; those waters teeming with fish, hemmed round and guarded by tbe majesty of mountains whose lofty peaks and hollows no foot of man had ever trodden. There was plenty of scope for movement and adventure here, eo long- as tho rains kept off ; and tbe three men made goad use of their time, and the canoes were rarely idle or the rowers allowed to shirk upon the favourite pretence of bad weather. So long as there was something to be done, Geoffrey end Allan were happy : but with every interval of repose there came the famUiar heartache, tho longing for home-faoes, tbe sense of disappointment and IOSP. Sometimes alone by tho lake, while the lamp was shining on the faces of his two friends yonder in the verandah, where they sat playing chess, alone in the awful stillness of that vast mountain gorge, the waters rippling with placia movement, only faintly flecked with whiteness here and there in the blue distance, Geoffrey's longing for that vanished face grew to an almost unendurable agony. He felt aa if he could bear this anguish of severance no more. He be^an to calculate the iength of the homeward journey. Oh, the weariness of it ! for hi-n whose impatience the fastest express train would be too slow. He shrank appalled from thecontemplation of the distance he had put between himself and the woman be loved, the intolerable distance— thousands and thousands of miles — and the difficulties end vicissitudes of the journey ; all the forces of tropical nature to contend with, dependent upon savages, subject to fevers that hinder and stop the eager feet, aud lay the weary body low, a helpless log— to waste days and nights in burning agony— to awaken and find a caravan dwindled by desertion, luggage plundered, new impediments to progress. Why bad he been eo mad as to come here? That was the question which be asked himself again and again in the stillness of night, when tbe mountain-peaks stood out in silvery whiteness and the mountain-chasms were pits of blackest shadow. Wby had he, a free agent, master of its life and itB golden opportunities, made himself a voluntary exile ? "What demon of revolt and impatience drove me out into the wilderness when I ought to have followed her and refused to believe in her unkindness, and insisted upon being heard, and heard agaiu, find rejected again, only to be accepted later? And now ehs will believe no more in my love. The man who oould leave her, who could try to cure himself of'his passion for her—such a man ie unworthy to be remembered. Some one else will appear upon the eccne — that unknown rival whom no man fears or foresees till the hour sounds and he is there—some arrogant lover, utterly unlike Allan or me— who will not adore her as we have adored— who will approach her not as a slave, but as a master, who will win ber in a month, in a week, with fierce swift wooing, etartle and scare her into loving him, win ber by a ' coup de main.' That is the sort of thing that will happen, while I am standing by these African waters, sick with longing for her. Is it night and moonlight in England, I wonder? Are she and her new lover walking in the old sleepy garden? No, it is winter there, they are eitting at the piano, perhaps, iD the lamplight^ her little hands moving about the keys —he listening and pretending to admire, knowing no more about mueio than the coarsest of my Pagazis. Oh, it is maddening to think of how I am losing her 1 And I oame here to cure myeelf of loving her. Cere ! There is no cure for euch a passion as mine. It grows with absence — it strengthens with time." And now the Masika, tbe dreaded rainy season, began, the rain—sunburnt with a Bickly oppressive heat; and over all nature there crept the death-like silence that comes before a storm. No longer was heard the wail of the tieh-eagle calling his mate, bnd the answering call from afar. No diver flitted, black, long, and lanky, over the waters. The big white and grey kifefUher had vanished from bis perch upon theVranches that overhang the lake. Even thel^nae in the sedges, noisiest of birds for the most part, were mute in anticipatory terror. Thick' darkness brooded over the lofag line of hills on tbe further side of tha' lake; and from Ujiji nothing could be Been but a waste of livid waters touched here and there with patchee of white. Then through that dreadful stillness rolled the long 1 0 ^ muttering of the thunder and lightning flashes, pale and sickly, pieroed the overhanging pall pf night-in-day —and then the tempest, in all its majesty of terror, the roar of winds and waters, the artillery of. heaven pealing, crackling, rattling, booming from yonder fortress of unseen giants, tbe citadel of untrodden hills. J And after the storm the ram, the ceaseless, hopeless, melancholy rain, a wall of water shutting out the world. There wasnothiugforit to sit in the rude shelter of the tembe, and but amuse one's self as best one might, cleaning guns audfiBhing-tackle, mending nets, playing cards or chess, reading, talking, disputing, execrating the enforced ia&otion;, the deadly monotony. For Geoffey's restless spirit that rainy season was ab:olute torture; and it needed all the forbearance and good nature of his companions to bear with his irritability and fretful complaining against inexorable nature. Even Patrington, the vest-tempered, most easy-going of men, was disgusted at Geoffrey'e feverish impatience. " I begin to admire the wisdom of a vulgar proverb — t»oVcompany, three's none," he said to Allan aoSose the chessboard, as they arranged their men, eitting in the light of the wood fire while Geoffrey lay last asleep in his hammock after the weariness of sleepless nights. "Your friend ia a very bad traveller — a fine-weather traveller, a man who must have sport and variety and progress all along the route. That kind of man isn't a pleasant companion in Central Africa, If courage aud aotivity arc essential, patience iB no less needed. Your friend has plenty^ of pluck; but there's too much quicksilver in his veins. He exeroises an extraordinary influence upon tbe men; but he is iust the kiBd of fellow to quarrel with them and get murdered by them if he were left too much to his own devices: It would need very little for them to think that fiddle of his an evil spirit, and smash it and him too. On the whole, Carew, I wish you and I were alone, for with yonder gentleman," pointing to the motionless figure under the striped rug, " I feel as if I had undertaken the care of a troublesome child, and Africa, don't yon know, isn't the right piaoe for spoilt brats." "Geoffrey will be himself again when these beastly rains are over. He's a splendid fellow, and I know you like him." " Like bim ? Of course I like him. Nobody could help liking him. He has the knaok of making himself liked, loved almost. But he's a creck.for all that. Allan, mark my words, thatyoung niiu is a crank." Allan's /heart sank at this expression of opinion, Bhort, sharp, decisive. He remem; bared what he had beard of Geoffrey's birtdi from the lips of Geoffrey's mother. Oould one expect perfect soundnesAof brain, perfect balance of mind and judgttAt in a man who had entered life in a worla of dreams and hallucinations ? , C H A P T E R XXIX. XIGAW30. (Kigambo: Unexpected calamity, slavery, or death). The rainy season was over. The moving wall of water was down. The travellers were no longer kept awake at night by the ceaseless roar of the rain. The lake lay stretched before them, sapphire dark finder the milky blueness of the tropical sky. Kingfisher aud fish-eagle, and all the birds that haunt those waters, hovered or perched on the trees or along the bank, or skimmed the shining surface of the great fresh-water sea. And now the oanoea were manned, and the three white men and their followers were setting their faces towards Manyema, the cannibal country, dreaded by Wangana and Wanyainwezis, and even by thabolder Makal&os.; . For this stage of their journey they were travelling in a stronger oompany, having accepted the fellowship of an Arab caravan faring towards the Congo; and this larger troop gave an air of new gaiety to their train. They had been forced to buy new stores of cloth and beads at Ujiji. Geoffrey's reeklesBness in rewarding his men after every succefeful hunting expedition, having considerably reduced their stock. Tbe oioth bought at Ujiji was dear and bad ; and Cecil'Patrington took Geoffrey to task with some severity, but his reproaches fell lightly upon that volatile nature. * "•Remember that tbe measure of the goods we carry is the measure of our lives," said the experienced traveller, gravely. " Oh, Providence will take care of us when our goods are gone," argued Geoffrey. " We shall fall in with some civiljsed Arabs who know the value of hard cash'. I cannot believe in a country where a cheque-book is useless. We shall be within touch of the mercantile world when we get to Stanley Pool." " When !" echoed Patrington. "Hill and jungle, and desert and river, mutiny or desertion, pestilence and tempeBt have to be accounted with before you see Bteamers aud civilization. There's no use in glib talk of wbatcan be done at Brazzaville or at Stanley Pool. Luckily we are going into a region were food is cheap—such as it is. But than, on the other hand, we may run out of quinine and quinine sometimes means life." Summer was in the land when they crossed the great lake, stopping for a night or two on one of the principal islands, under the hospitable roof of ft missionary station, where it was a new sensation to sit upon a ohair, and taste a cup of coffee made in the European manner, and to see an Englishwoman's plea- ?sant face and neat raiment. There wag an English child also, "a real human child," as Geoffrey exolaimed, delighted at the phenomenon, a round-liinbed, fat-cheeked, rosy baby, who sat and watched the landing of the party from her perambulator, aud patronised them with chubby hands waving a welcome, as they scrambled out of the ciuoea—a child who hadentered upon a world of blaok faoes, and who may have fancied her mother aud father monstrosities in a place where everybody else was block. What a contrast was this fair blue-eyed two-year-old to such infancy as they had seen in the villages along their road, the brown naked creatureB rolling and grovelling in the dirt, and looking more like pugdogs than children. When they had bidden good-bye to the friendly missionary and his domestio circle, they were not without childish life upon their way, for the Arabs with whom they had joined oompany had some women in their train, one a slave with a couple of children ; aud, as the Arab law d03B not recognise slavery under adult age, these brats of six and seven were free; and, not being goods and chattels, no provision was allowed for them, and the mother had. to feed them out of her own scanty rations. Geoffrey was on more familiar t'jrms with tbe Arabs than either Patrington or Allan, and, on discovering the state of things with tfce native mother and her sons, be took these two morsels of dusky humanity into his service, and set them to clean pots and pans, and treated them as a kind cf lapdogs, and let them dance to his wild fiddle musio in the firelight in front of the tents, and would not allow them to be punished for their depredations among the pannikins cf rioe or the baskets of bananas. Th6y crcssed the swift and turbid Luama Paver, encamped for a night upon its shore?, and then came the harassing march in Bingle file through the dense jungle—a hopeless monotony of rank foliage taller than tbe tallest of tfce travellers, a coarse and mouctrouB vegetation which lashed their faces and rent their clothing and oaught their feet like wire snares set for poachers. "Vain was it to put the porters with thpir loads in the forefront of the procession. The rank, inexorable jungle closed behind them as they passed; and a four hours' march through this pitiless scrub was worse than a ten hours' tramp in the open. The days were sultry. The travellers deemed themselves lucky it the evening clueed without a thunderstorm; and the storms in those regions were deadly. A fired roof aud a blackened corpse in a hut next that occupied by the three friends testified to the awlulness of an African thunderstorm. The thatch blazed, the neighbours looked on, and the husband of the victim eat beside the disfigured form in a curious indifference, which might mean either bewilderment or want of feeling. Twenty years ago 'the catastrophe next door would have been assuredly put down to our account," said Patrington, as they sat at supper after the storm, "and we should have had to pay for that poor lady with our persons or our goods—our goods for choice, so much merikani, or so many strings of sami sami. But since the advent of the Arabs reason had begun to prevail over uureason. The influence of Islam makes for civilization." They found the people of Manyema, the reputed man-eatere, friendly, and willing to deal. Provisions were cheap. Fowls, eggs, maize, and eweet potatoes were to be had iu abundance. The natives were civil, but curiouB aud intrusive; and the Bound of Geoffrey's Amati was the signal for a crowd round the camping-place, a crowd that could only be dispersed by tbe sight of a revolver, the nature of which weapon seemed very clearly understood by these warriors of the lance and the knife. When the admiring throng waxed intrusive, and the black faces and filthy figures crowded th? verandah, Cecil Patrington took out bis pistols, and gave them a little lecture in their native tongue, with the promise of an iiiuacratioc or two if chev should refuee to depart. Or were Geoffrey in tbe buuiour, he woul4 push his way, playing, through that savage throng; and, like tbe Pied Piper of Hameiin', would iead those human rats away towards hill or Etream, .jungle or plain, playing, playing some diabolical strain of Xartini'e, or some still wilder war - song of the new Sclavonic school — Stojoweki, Moszkowski, Wienianwowski—something thrilling, plaintive, frightening, appealing, which set those savage breasts on fire, and turned thosesavage heads like strong drink. \- " One ehall be taken and the other left." That text would flash across Geoffrey Wornook's thoughts at the unlikeliest moments. It might have been a fiery scroll projected ota the dark olond-line of the thunderous eventide. It might have been the sharp shrill ory of some bird crossing tbe blue above bis head —eo unexpectedly, eo strangely did the words recur to him. So far in all the vicissitudes of the journey the little band had held firmly on, with less than the average amount of suffering and inconvenience. There had been desertion, there bad beenjdeath among their men ; but on the Unyamweai route it 'led been easy to repair all such losses, and their WauyamweBis were in most respects the superiors of the Wangana they had lost by the way. So far, despite of some baddish bouts of fever, the dark, inexorable Shadow had held aloof. The dread of death bad not been beside their camp fires or about their bed. But now in this region of tropioal fertility, amidst a paradise of luxuriant verdure, sheltered by the vaBt fountain citadel thatrisea like a titanic wall above the western border of the Tanganyika, they came upon a spot where the fever fiend, the impalpable, invisible, inexorable enemy reigned supreme. Geoffrey was the first to feel the poisonous influence. He laid down his fiddie and flung himself upoh his bed, with aching baok and weary limbs, after a day of oasual roaming along the banks of a tributary stream. "I've been walking about too long," he said. That's all that there is the matter with me. "That's all!" But when J ay light oame, he was in the nnkuown fever country, the dreadful topsy-turvy world of delirium. He had two heads, and he wanted to shoot oue of them. He tried to stand up and go across the hut to fetch the rifle that hung againet the opposite wall; but his limbs refused to obey him. He lay groaning, helpless as an infant,' muttering that the other head wouldn't let him sleep. Tbe pain was all iu that other head. In tbe loug agony that followed ali things were blank ; until, after five days of raging fever, the pulse grew regular again, tbe scorohing body cooled down to tbe temperature of healthy life, and, weak and wan, but rejoicing in freedom from pain, the patient oame back to everyday life, and looked into the faces of his companions with 6yes that eaw khs thin era that were end not the spectral forms that delirious people dream. /"One ehSlT^bs taken,'" he muttered to himself, aB he looked from Allan to Cecil and back again. " I thought it was L Then we are all three of us alive?" he eaid with a catch in his voioe that-was almost like a 60b. " Very much alive, and we hope to remain so," answered Patrington, cheeriest of travellers. " You've had a bad spell of the cursed Mukurongu, which I suppose must bave its fling for the next decade or two until railroads and hotels and scientific drainage and Swiss innkeepers have altered the climate for the better. You've been pretty bad, and you've kept us in a very unhealthy district, so as Boon as ever you've picked up your strength we'll move on." * " I oan start to-morrow morning. I feel as strong as a lion." "Does a lion's paw shake ai your hand is shaking now ? My dear Geoff, you are aa weak as water. We'll give you three days to recruit. I am too hardened a subjeot for the Mukurungu, whioh is a fever of aoolimitization for the most part; and I've been^oing a good deal of ambulance surgery among the natives, end we're a very popular party. They have seldom' seen white men in a buiMi. Your fiddling, my medicine-chest and stioking-plaister, and Allan's good manners have made a great effect. The bl&okies; are assured that we are all three sultans in our own country." "And our Arab friends?" " Oh, they have gone on.. W e have only our own men with us now.' The Makaloloa have been miserable about you." They epeut a jovial night, Geoffrey's spirits rising to wild gaiety with that lightness which comes when "a fever patient has struggled through the thick cloud of strange fancies, the agony of throbbing brain and aching back. He tuned the fiddle that had been lying mute in its velvet neat. He tacked it lovingly under bis chin, and laid hid bow along tbe stringe with light fingers that trembled a little in the rapture of that familiar touch. "Shall I bore you very much if I play?" he -asked looking at his elder companion. "Bore us. Notajot. I have sadly missed your wild strain?. There has been a voice wanting—a voice thalT is almoBt human, and whioh seeniB so much a part of you that while that was dumb you seemed to be dead. Begin your spells, flay us something by one of your : Owskis—Jimowski, Bobowski—whichever you please." Geoffrey drew his bow across the strings with a swelling chord, a bunt of bass music like the sadden pealing of an organ, and began a Walachian dirge. "Does that give you the ecene ?" he asked pausing and looking round at thgm after a tremendous preBto movement, :". Does it conjure up the long dismal read, the funeral train, tbe wild wailing: of tbe mourners, tbe groaning men, the shrieking women, even the whining and whimpering of the little children, tbe stormy sky, the thick darkness, the flare of the torches, the trampling of the iron-shod hoofs? I can hear and eee it all as I play." And then ne began the alow movement, the awful ghostly adigio with its suggestion of all things horrible, its eocentrio phrasing, and discordant chords, shaping a vision of strange unearthly forms. \k " It'e a very jolly kind of music," Cecil Patrington eaid thoughtfully, " I mean jolly difficult, don't jou know. But if you want my candid opinion as to what it suggests I am free to confess it sounds to me like your improvised notion of the Mukurungu—tall fever and pain and confusion." j "The Mukurungu ! Not half a bad name for a descriptive sonata," laughed Geoffrey, putting his fiddle to bed. And then they brought out the cards, and played poker for cowries. Cecil Patrington, as usual, the winner, by reason of that inscrutable countenance ot" hit, which had hardened itself into all the hazards of an adventurous career. They were particularly jovial, that evening, and flung care to the winds that sobbed and muttered along the shore. Geoffrey's gaiety communicated itself to the other two. They drank their mbderate potations; they smoked their pipes; and Patrington discoursed of an ideal settlement where £he surplus population of Whiteehapel and Bermoiidsey were to come and work in a new Arcadia, a place of flocks and herds and coffee fields, under a smokeless heavos. "For my own satisfaction, I would bave Africa untrodden and unknown a world of wonder and mystery," he eaid ; " but the beginning has bseu made, and the coming century will eee every missionary settlement of to-day develop into a populous oentre of enterprise and labour. Crowded-out England will oome here, and thrive here, as it hc.3 thriven in leBS fertile lauds. Eaglibhmen will flock here for spore and pleasure and profit. "And these native eultans—these little kings and their peoples ?" "Ah, that is the problem! God grant there may be a bloodless solution !" That was the last nifjht thfcsa three travellers ever sat together over their cards and pipes, ever laughed and talked together Willi hearts at ease. They were to resume their journey next morning, but when all was ready for the start, Allan discovered that Cecil Patrington was too ill to walk. "IVe had a bad night," hecocfeseed, "the kind ot night that lets one know one has a bead belonging to one. But the men can carry me in a litter. I ehall be all right tomorrow. I'd much rather we jogged along. This ia a vile, feverish hole. There was no question of jogging along for this hardy traveller. The oppressive drowsiness, which 13 sometimes the first stage of malarial fevr-r. held him like a spell. He looked at his companions dimly, with eyes that sparkled aud yet were cloudy with involuntary tears. He could hardly see their aDxious faces. " I'm afraid I'm in for it," he faltered. " I thought I was fever-proof." H9 sank upon tho narrow camp-bed in a shivering fit, and Geoffrey aud Allan spread their blankets over him. They heaned every bit of woollen covering they possessed over those shaking limbs, but could not quiet the ague fit or bring warmth to tbe ice-cold form. Dreary days, dreadful nights, followed the sad waking of that sultry morning. The two young men nursed their guide and captain with unceasing watchfulnea and devotion. Geoffrey developed a feminine tenderness and carefulness which was touching in so fitful a nature. But they could do so little'. And he whom they watcbed and cared for knew not, or only knew in brief intervals, of their loving care. They tried to sustain eaoh other's courage. They told each other that malarial fever was only aphase of African travel; an unpleasant phase, but not to be avoided. They knew all about the fever from bitter experience; and here was Geoffrey but just recovered, and doubtless Patrington would mend in a day or two, as he had mended. "I don't suppose he's any worse than I wu," said Geoffrey. Allan shook his head sadly. " I don't know that hes worse, but the symptoms seem different, somehow. He doesn't answer to the medicines as yon did." The symptoms developed unmistakably after this, and the fever Bhowed itself aa typhus in the most deadly form. Swift on this revelation came the end, and in the solemn stillness of the forest midnight they knelt beside the unconscious form and watohed the patched, quivering lips "from which tbe breath was faintly ebbing. One last sobbing eigh, and between them end-the captain of thetr little company there stretched a distanoe wider tihan the breadth of Africa, further than from the Zambesi to the Congo. A land more mysterious than the Dark Continent parted them from bim who Was last week their jovial, hardy oomrade, sharing the fortunes of the day, thinking of death as of a shadowy something waiting for him far off, at the end of innumerable journeys and long years of adventurous activity—a quiet haven, into which hie bark would drift when the timbers wereworn thin with long usage, and the arms of the rower were weary of plying the oar. And death was close-beside them all the time, tying in wait for the gallant epirife, like a beast of prey. "Oh, God, is there another Africa where we shall meet that brave, good man again ?" cried Allan. " Which of our modern teachers is right ? Liddon, who tells us tbat Christ rose from the dead ? or Clifford, who tells us there is nothing—nothing, no Great Companion, no Master or Guide; only ourselves and our faithful eervioe for one another—only this poor humanity ?" He looked up appealingly, expecting to see Geoffrey's faoe on the other side of the bed ; but he was alone. Geoffrey had fled from the presence of death. He had rushed out into the wildernesH. It was late in the following afternoon when he came back. The men had dug a grave under a,great sycamore, and Allan was about to read the funeral service, when Geoffrey re-appeared. White, haggard, with wild eyes, and clothes stained with mire and sedge, the red clay of the forest paths, the green slime of swamp and bog, Allan could only look at him in pitying wonder. " Where in heaven's name have you been?" he asked, looking up from the rough basket, work coffin—bamboo and bulirush—interwoven by native hands. " I don't know. Out yonder, between the plain and the river. I was a craven to fly from the face of death—I, a soldier," with a short, ironical langh. " Idon't know how it was with me last night. I oouldu't bear it. I had been thinking of that verse in the Gospel— 'One shall be taken'—but I didn't think it would be that one—the hardy, experienced traveller. It might have been you or I. Nob he. Align. It was a mow, wasn't it ?—a blow that might shake a strong man's nerves ?" Allan stretohed out his hand to his comrade in silence, and they olasped bands, heartily on Allan's part; and his grip was BO earnest that he did not know it olasped a nerveless hand. "it wasacrashing blow," he eaid gravely. " I don't blame you for being scared. You have oome back in time to see him laid in his grave, and to say a prayer with me." Geoffrey 6hrugged his shoulders with a hopeless look. " Where do our prayers go, I wonder? W e know no more than tbe natives when they sacrifioe to their gods. Isn't it rather feeble to go on praying when there never comes any answer? I saw you praying last night— wrestling with God in prayer, as pious people •cill i*». . T »ag--_ynflE—fornhead -damp with agony. yuur--Jip» writhing^yMy vein in your olasped hands standing out Tut5~wBip-~ cord. I watched you and was sorry, and would have given ten years of my life to aave his; but I couldn't pray with you. And, yon' see, there oame no answer. Inexorable Nature worked dut herown problem in her own way. Your prayers—my. silence; one was as muoh use as the other. Nobody heeded us; nobody oared for UB. Thestr'okefelL" " Ah, we know not 1 we know not. There is compensation perhaps. We shall see and know our friends is heaves, and look baok and know that'we were children groping in the dark.. Try to believe, Geoffrey. Belief is best." .' " Belief, The universal anodyne, _ the Christie's patent pain killer. Yes, belief it ba§t'; 'but you see, some people oan't believe, leant. And I eee only the hideous^ideof death—the.dull horror if annihilation. A week ago we had a man with us, the manliest of men—all nerve, and fire, and brain- power, brave as a lion, ready to do and endure—and now we have only—that," with a look of heart-sickness, "which we are impatient to put out of sight for ever. Put it in the ground, Allan'; fill in the grave; trample it down; let us forget that there was ever suoh a man." He 'flung himself upon the ground and sobbed out his grief. There bad been something iu the blunt, dogged straightforwardness of Cecil Patrington's character which bad attached this wayward nature to him with hooks of steel. "I loved him" he muttered, getting up calm anil grave, even to sullenness. " And now you and I are alone." He stood beside the grave where native bands had gently lowered the rough coffin, and where Allan had eoattered flowers and herbs, whose aromatic odours hung heavy on the stili sultriness of the' atmosphere. He looked at Allan, and not with looks of love. "Only we two," he muttered, "and these black beasts of burden. 