THE ARCHDIOCESE OF ADELAIDE. NEW SCHOOL AT THEBAETON. Solemn Blessing bt His Grace the Archbishop. ADDRESS BY DEAN KENNEDY ON THE EDUCATION QUESTION. Father Healy has added one more to the many good works whioh he has done for the advancement of religion and educa tion in his district of Thebarton. On Sunday last His Grace the Archbishop solemnly blessed the new school for boys at Henley Park, Thebarton, which has been erected through Father Healy's efforts. The ceremony was performed at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, and there was a large attendance. The members of the Guild of St. John the Baptist' assembled at the Queen of Angels' Church before 3 p.m., and, with their band and under the leadership of Father Healy, marched in procession to the. hew sphooLHis Grace the Archbishop performed the ceremony of blessing the hpilfong, and the# took a Beat on the plat form, accompanied by the Very Revs. Dean Kennedy and Archpriest Nevin, Revs. J. Healy, F. O'Neill, and J. Murphy. We also noticed present Messrs. F. Hourigan, M.P., L. O'Loughlin, M.P., and Hon. J. V. 0'Ldghlin; Mr. J. J. Leahy, J.P., Mr. A. MacDonald,. J.P., and other visitors. The Very Bev. Dean Kennedy con gratulated the people of* Thebarton on the : good wOrk they 'had done' in erecting the Bchool. : The childrenwere a precious deposit confided to their care, and they should I protect' and guard them. He referred to the .generous help, which Father Healy i had reoeived .in the good work . he ijWaB*.doing. During the apostolic ,ages and up to the 15th century Europe, with few exceptions, was Christian in. faith, laws, and customs, and also in, the arts and sciences. In the 16th century the empire of the church became weaker; the voilie of the supreme pontiffs Vias not listened to, and a terrible rupture took place; but the chutch still1 remained -the same -kind ■mother, feeling acutely the disobedience ;tf'her children. A new element appeared, which dug a deep pit between Christianity and society, and unfortunately it > had. not been blosed yet.: Everything depended upon education,; which forms / the man. Europe , in the ; 15th century was Christian in its institutions; and how were the young taught ? They were taught the. principles of religion, which thus became .a portion of t^rnr constitution. ;The people were first instructed in the Christian dcMtrine^'and not until afterwards in the pagan classics. . rmJ~ 4^ ''k : • UjiS ^ ■ The mould' of Christian education Was broken in'the: Ifith century, ahd a pagan mould t^ok its place. That' pagan moidd '.had hot1 Jet been broken. In thiBColony, 1 fif .they* allowed• their children -to"be brought up in the State schools; these Children were ■: oast, not: in -a Christian monld, bnt in a materialistio mould, i-The ;. principles - of the State sohools .were; such as to make the Christian religion de?pi$ed. The Catholics of Australasia would never allow thoir: children to be educated in these schools, where it was, almost a crime, to mention the name of «the Lord Jesus Christ, They had to educate, not only the intellect, but the will and the hearf. The intellect was instructed in some degree in the State schools, but what was there to enable a child in the State schools to control his will or to form his heart ? The intellect was educated at the expense of the will and the heart, and they had an. intel lectually educated monster. Quoting from official sources, the average daily atten dance in the State schools of the colony , during the year was 37,886, and these cost the State to instruct for the year a total of £132,440 8s. lid., made up thus .—Primary education, £123,677; expended on build ings, .£8,240 18s. 6d.; and advanced schools, .£622 10s. 5d. This meant about £3 9s. 4£d. for each child in daily attendance during the past year in South Australia. Those who had merely passed through the schools were given at 57,986, and each of these cost to instruct £2 5s. 8d. The Catholics of the colony were about one seventh of the entire population, and one seventh of the amount quoted came to £18,920 Is.- 3d., which amount would go a long way towards clearing off the Diocesan debt in one year. If they got their proper share of the Government grant very few of their children would go to the State schools at all. In the Archdiocese of Ade laide they had in the Catholic schools 3,810 children, and in the Port Augusta Diocese 1,038 during last year. This was roughly one-twelfth of the whole number of children going to the State schools, and one-twelfth of the total expenditure on education by the State amounted to £11,036 14s. The only way to remedy the state of affairs was for every man and woman to see that their names were on the electoral roll of the colony, and to do all . that they could to return those candidates who were iu favor of doing justice to the Catholics. Considering the expenditure on education what were the results that the colony had to boast of ? It was a system abhorred by Catholics, and one which every conscien tious man would say was not right. The resulting ignorance of Christianity was sometimes most deplorable. A young man came to him the other day to be admitted into the church. He was nicely educated in the State schools, but he did not know what had originally happened on Christmas Day or Good Friday. He was a young man of education, with some refinement about him, but he had no Christianity. The Government were cutting down the salaries of Civil servants, which were too low already; but why not do away with this terrible expense of £132,440 odd? There was not much in the argument that other denominations would want grants if the Catholics got one, for from appearances the Anglicans, for instance, were satisfied with the State-school system, and though richer than the Catholics were not making the same effort to build schools. All that had been advanced against the pagan schools applied with equal force against the Government system of education estab lished in this province. The present system, as by law established, had been in existence for several years, and were the results at all commensurate with the heavy outlay incurred in its establishment and support ? Most certainly not. It pleased no one except the secularists, or rather the class who denied the existence of God and His divine revelations. Was the moral con dition of the people improved by it ? It was not long since they read of a meeting having been held in the Town Hall, at which representative ministers of the various religious bodies in the city took part, for the purpose of inducing our legis lators to enact more stringent laws against certain vices which he would not mention. He could not think the Holy Ghost had much to do with the system or its prin cipal abettors. It would have been better for the colony were half the money which was and is being lavished in establishing and supporting this iniquitous system of education expended in developing its material resources, and the other half handed over to those whose proper business it was to look after the education of the people. Were this done we should not now have to witness the scenes of poverty and destitution, • not to say vice, which met us at every turn. He found in Prussia, where .a system of, education similar to ours was first enforced and rigidly carried out, the secular plan had been long ago abandoned. !A.t first the statesmen who directed this important work believed that secular edu cation was the only plan by which they could overcome the difficulties caused by religious differences, and'the public schools were, made purely undenominational. There for a time the teachers were chosen in equal proportions from the two religions— Catholic and Protestant—and the schools were called " simultaneous." This, it was , hoped, would put a stop to jealousies. It did so, in fact, but it was found when the teachers were prevented from giving reli gious instruction. that- a fatal indifference - ' to all religion was the consequence. Free thinkers would no ■ doubt hail this result as a sign of hopeful progress, indicating the - advent of a sort of religious unity by the exclusion of all religion. But' the Prussian Government did not think so. The men. at the head <pf the Educational Department clearly Baw the deplorable effects of forget fulness of God and the claims of conscience.. This' state of mind soon manifested itself by the absence of all respect fpr authority,. and the "wide Spread of revolutionary theories and: secret societies aid ever grow ■ ihg scandalous immorality. -/As early as 1822: the Minister Won tAlls£stein in the Cabinet rescript for the ^ear, April 27, call ing. attention to this state of?: things, .'gave expression to his v^gfrs in a education is not sufficiently cared for, and it lies in the nature of the case that it can not be." Speaking at a later period he said: —" The time «£hic}r has eJapsedMnce 1048 "i appears to have i-wrdu$it « general chxi- * viction among all practical men that the denominational school is the only school that ie at present .possible in Germany." Thfe ; G ovemment ih' cbhskquence changed its system and established schools where Catholics and Protestants might be taught under the directions -of | their respective pastors. ■ The elementiiyfechboMnHrfiSfeia hadJieen for nearly, .thirty years purely denominational. If the school was for Catholics the teachers were Catholic and the books Catholic. If the school were Protestant the books and teachers were ProteBtant. Surely it was no insult to our legislators in South Australia to ask them to follow the example of Germany in this., lime did not permit him to place before them the sad effects resulting from secular education, so-called, in France and America. Those who wished to learn mote about it were advised to read a little work entitled Public School Edncation." by. the Kev. M. Miiller. In conclusion he. called the atten tion of our legislators to the Epistle of St. Paultothe Eomans, first: chapter—" And as they liked not to have Godwin their knowledge God delivered them up to a re probate sense," &c.; Dean Kennedy then appealed to those present to assist by their Contributions in clearing off a debt of .£133 still remaining on the school. Ajochbishop 0'Rexx.t heartily congratu lated the Catholics of Thebarton on the fact that a building was finished in which the education of the little ones of the dis trict could be attended to. Although the building was 6mall it was neat and,, con venient. The question of education was. the great one for Catholics all the world over. It was well said by Cardinal Manning that if the present generation pulled down the Catholic schools the next generation would pull down the churches. He was glad to see all Catholics ready to follow the Vicar of Christ in his call for the maintenance of the religious education of their children. The Diocese was heavily in debt, as he had already told two churches that morning, and while that was so he would give his consent to the purchase of ho land, of no building, and to the signing of no contract for such work, unless two thirds of the actual cost of the work was in: hard cash in the hands of those who wished him to sanction the work. Father Healy, however, had done a great work in the parish, and would do still greater things in the future. He had kept well within the limits he had laid down. Two thirds of the cost of the building was already in. hand, and he trusted that the balance of .£133 would be considerably reduced before the end of the meeting. The collection at the close of the address resulted in the liberal sum of £97 lis. 6d.' being donated by priests and people, with some smaller amounts received later-. This leaves only £29 17s. debt on the building. The school; which is for the use of boys, is a galvanized iron building, lined with matchboard and seaweed, 40 x 23 feet. Mr. Shevlin is the contractor, and Mr. H. J. Cowell the architect. The total cost of the building, including furnishing and fencing, is £199 7s. 10d., and the cost of the land, including interest and, transfer, is £205 12s.=£404 19s. 10d., The total receipts, including proceeds of the sale of tlie bid school, are £271 13s. lOdl, leaving a debt of £133 6s. previous to the dererhony on Sunday. ——-» 