iwai J.. I" RAINHILL DISCOVERT WAS MADE, account-appears in the how Mr. Lowe, then tohtbe^xmdoiiBtafl «f that journal at 5SSt^%elbourne, discovered the fnàisi wb^ j&eoWS;'tameâ at Rainhill •with iusnew wife, Emily Mather. The itimfâtpé*' «e outcome of a cable HiCi^^ from Melbourne tô tbe^London o^fdiingithave Inquiry made about to his arréôt. Íbis was in March, 1892. JfctWwastoldoffby Mr. Townend the Londoti manager, tti take up the Wild ^ bUsyj indeed, were the automata of i h ^ e t r ^ U t á n porica ami the detective not even see M ^ ^ e R e n i t e sea* his Jiame in by the ^German man'Servant If Mn Lowe ^nyiáformatiou he m u s t be k.nd « D Ò a S to forward his request by letter., T h i s seemed a little discourteous on the tiSfir Sffpinnitendeht Shore and Sup' -ívT > i - i tsoa, but tinh as ftn the t.he cab*horae cab'horae Skated :|biiijfeiinto tfcó ^àty Mn W e aèVSted hlmBelf to thinking. As a result • fcfhis cogitations the çab horse was pulled bn ttf HÍJã líaUncheB in front of a red lamp, afad lie Itíst* toft* time in explaining the «bflúmtàáce of his— " tfancy this is what yon want," with ®tt de8k before him, and pointed toentry number l^wiuch contained & full description of i ^ l p w i i ^ : wanted for wife murder, a t M e l b o u r n e , oii Christmas E v è , 1 8 9 L ^ h e e n t r y fiet forth that Williams spoke i li»casliite teOent, and stayed * t 4fcdnhill. It was signed by '^peicmtendent Shore. . r - "When M t . L o w e retnrned to Scotland yard after a hurried visit to the " A r g u s ' íffice in Fleet-street, he had a letter from M r - Townend to Superintendent Shore requesting information in his nocket, a n d h e h a d t h e information itself nplhis sleeve. W a r n e d b y bis previous experience h e omitted the formality of «ending in his card, and running u p a flight of stone steps and! along a passage «otered Superintendent Shore s private p o o m e n d introduced himself in person, gpbe superintendent eyed him coldly, and -*Sadthelett«rasking for particulars as to vhejmurder a n d / f o r the address of " M r s . W Í É ^ m 8 " l n L i v e r p o o l . í 4 í k n o w nothing atall about it," said t h e superintendent in the,' measured tones óf a m a u who has l e a n t by long •experience to be economical in administering hifl stock of veracity, " a n d moreover,"- he w i t h engaging frankness, " if I did know,. I shpuld not t i n y o u . " ; v M r . L o w e leaned across the table with á fiueér smile and looked straight into the superintendent's eyes. «As yon knov nothing about the matter, he said, " nerh aps yoa will all o w me to enlighten Albért Williams murdered his wife in Melbourne on Christmas E v e . H e formerly stayed at Bainhill. H e speakB ^tSSiX». ^strong. trticashire accent, and ' t ! » í é ^ s ; à detailed ^description of him ^ ihe 4 4 t h entry In to-day's iliformntíòn sheet. I t is doubtless corHMJt.for the m e m o bears your own " ~ ' ' * Shore." T h e superintendent sprang to his feet. **Thft mw" w h ° told , you this shall be iJismia^l from the force," hehissed with ' « B «Wktfcf.• ' W i T - . - - - r - r - Aftariistening t o aon^B Bare asms from \- Saperintendent Shore, Mr. L o w e went i » c k t o t h e " A r g n s " office, and learned that Bamhill waa ten miles from Liverpool. H e started 'immediate^ by train. I t h a d been snowing and blowing hard all night, with thunder and lightning, and t h e m o r n i n g the storm had almost blown Itself ãut. but it waB still piercingly cold, t h e air was thick a n d opaque, a n d the half-seen sky was leaden, so that the day suited well with the task in hand. It was fi'-ting weather for following up the death ' trail. T h e "first person lie interviewed at RaiiibiU was Higham, the poBtman. A s h e walked down the -street w t h old H l g h a m there appeared on the scene young H i g h a m a stripling of 18, who r aBéistéd jhis father with the deli very of the mails. . " E e y Ã e r , 4 * said the boy, speaking in t h e long-liquid Lancashire drawl doant • lejnoind thpt theer Williams as coom'd , t o ttainhUV last 'àrvest-toime." M a y h a p le.vrar tha feller. 'Im's married Einmie Mather an* took 'er off to Chahey ?" « À y , ay, sewerly," the old m a n .waonded. " X moind U m well, m a lad, TE rented Dinham-villa from Mrs. Hayes sj^?; B e n J i o n n g % cemented tha kitching . Tfloor fur í m . " . M r . L o w e gave an-involuntary exclamation óf surprised delight. " W h e n did won say b e married her m y lad he said. 1 *' L a s t ,'ar'veat toime," replied |;he lad, *' oop a t tha choorch yonder. .They wur married by passon 'isself, an' y o can see tha*ti8^it if yo ltdke. B ; t 'ere cooms -Joe Pickering, 'e married Emmie Mather's eiater, an* 'e can tell you moor of "Williams than me." Joe Pickering, a stalwart young car- • neater, remembered Williams peifectly, Mid recollected doing the woodwork in the scullery at Dinham-villa when the cementine of t>ie floors was being carried out by Bin Young. Moreover he had :1y seen a letter writen to Mrs. Mother \- • » • 'MAlnAn'mia in A iinl..].' aaid that "dear. ^mily wa 8^l uitfl ba PPy and iD the best of ' h&Uu;* ^ ^ ^ dated some time in January- 1 ' Mrs-" Mather ãna her daughter Mrs. Pickering were both at home when Mr. ' Tiowe called aud was shown itto the neat \- little parlour, with its horse-hair sofa and and arm- chair, its cheap German prints on fòbé wallB, and its: eqnare table in tie ' núâclle of the roòin, with' a bfSMtbonnd family Bible lying mathematical!/ In the • centra. • • - • • ' It - was wonderful how readily? Mrs. Mather talked. She had had the -jetting of Dioiham-iviUa, which belonged s€o\Mrs. Hayes, and applicant* to view the property had to come to t>er for the key. jj r. William» wished to take the house, £nd when he «ame for the key he met Eanly-'Se^l Very much in love with ílmily, a»® almost at' once propos< d ' ^amagièV The marriase came off in a very short time and was celebrated by a r 4aí)Ce in DinbatorVilla, in the kitchen, which bad been newly cemented. Certainly abine of the neighbours had blamed liier for aUowing her daughter to marry a snan whom no one knew anything, about, ^B^flie waa'a fi^e-handedfwcllspoken' man ^attâ he iiad promised her a good home, ífhey |ireré -véiry Happy together, and ^^inijy had written several letters home • «ittcè tíieyWd left. Her last letter , was >datéd from Colombo, but her husband hH written from Melbourne. «Se of :iBhe iloba, published an |niét?iew, three^quni tíra of ac<>lumn long . ytib the mother of the hapless Lancashire remains had bêen dug. up a few days before from the cemented, grave i; the hohse at Windsor. It waBthe fi it on a series of perhaps the most remarkable " ' coups' ever known in the history of Australian journalism. Backwards and forwards between London and Liverpool went the restless Mr. Lowe, collecting and piecing together all the ravelled ends of hearsay, all the tangled strands of inference, all the stray fibres of circumstantial and direct evidence, until hé had made a rope strong enough to hang a man. And yet he was only at the tommencement of his task. It was strange how that other woman, the sister pr, more probablyj the wife of Williams, who had visited him at Bainhill with her four children, kept on intruding into Mr. Lowe's busy brain. She quite upset his calculations. It was odd that, In spite of all his fefforts, he could find no trace of her whereabouts. She and her four children were Úke so many unquiet ghosts that refused to be laid Until they were avenged. A vague idea came to him, stayed with him, and finally possessed him. H- hurried from London, to Rainhill once more and hunted out Ban Young, the man who had cemented the floors of the kitchen and scullery in Dinham-villa under instructions from Williams. " Where did y.oii get the cement from Ben ?" was the first eager question. "It-wur in the cooch 'ouse," said Ban. \- To the coach-house accordingly they wenti'and sure enough tbey found there three barrels which had evidently contained cement... (> Did you use all the cement out of the three barrels ?" asked Mr. Lowe. " Naw," said Ben Young. " How much did you use then? For Heaven's sake, harry up my good man. It's a matter of life and death." Ben Young collected his - thoughts deliberately- A laaid doon tha stoof oot. o'two o'they baris," he replied, with irritating: slowness. "A knaw nowt aboot this 'ere other wonn. It wur empty afoor a got tha job." 1 Tbeu a great light flashed in upon the amateur detective's brain. " Where is the missing barrel of cement if there I shall find the missing woman also," said Mr. Lowe, halt to himself, and darted off to submit his ideas to Serganc Chipchase, the local constable, with whom he at once concluded an offensive and defensive alliance against the outside world. Sergeant Chipchase laid the facts before the district superintendent, an official named Kelly, and the digging then began in Dinham- villa under Mr. Lowe's direction, a digging the result of-which most gruesomely verified the calculations which that far-sighted individual had worked out. And so it was that this Childe'Roland to his Bark Tower come. Four sweating constables armed with pickaxes carried out this strange exhumation. Under the stone floor of the kitchen they came upon the cement from the third barrel, and in the ^cement they came upon the bodies of a woman and four children. The woman and three of the children had their throats cut from ear to ear, and the fourth child had been strangled .with a piece of clothes- line, which wis» still round its neck. Mr. Lowe had an unusually interesting cable message to send to " The Argus" ,in Melbourne that afternoon, and in just a week from the day on which he received his first instructions he sent a complete report of the murders which he had been mainly instrumental in discovering, and with which all England was ringing some hours later. When the story of the Rainhill murders was published in " The Argus " alone of all the : 'Melbourne papers; next- morning Albert Oliver 1 Williams, alais Frederick Bailey Deeming, was already on his way from Southern Cross in custody. If the Windsor charge broke down, the Rainhill case would hang him safely enough. " Ah! Mr. Lowe, glad to see you," said Superintendent Shore next day. stretching out his hand cordially to his visitor. Let me congratulate you upon the smartest piece of detective work that has been done in England for many years.— " The Australasian." 