THK STOHYTKLLEB. The Sternal Chemist. By HUNT COLEMAN. [Weitten foe the Sydney Mail.] ' Well,' said Percy D.gweed, taking his pipe from his lips, 'I'll tell you of the individual I en countered, and I'll tell you the story he told me, and then you may resume your everlasting discussion on this ' spook ' question. The yarn may be a little aside from the general subject, but it will serve to check for a while that anecdote Gibley seems never to tire of telling concerning the ghost of his great grandmother.' We were gathered, we four, in Digweed's bache lor's den. Digweed had just returned from a holiday tnp extending over some weeks, and we had as sembled at his invitation to pass a quiet evening to welcome him back to our bachelor bosoms. Though the dufk had deepened into darkness, now almost an hour old, no one had called for lights, aud we sat smoking round the fire. We had been discussing in a desultory, listless fashion the recent ' spook ' ex posure which had occurred during Digweed's ab sence, and for his enlightenmeut and edification the whole story had been told from start to finish. And Gibley had made an attempt towards the close of the narrative to fill in a gap with an account of the ghost alleged to have been seen and conversed with by his long-defunct great- grandmother. Gibley's great-grand mother's ghott, however, was such an ancient and oft-raised ' spook ' that we were glad to 'near Percy Digweed interject a reference to a spiritualist he had encountered during his holiday travels. His offer to entertain us with a recital of all tnat Deieu was nailed with decided ap proval, and for once Gibley was not permitted foreleg his only ghost story. For some minutes we (at smoking in silence. Digweed, who held his un lighted pipe between his fingers, presently commenced, in a low tone, speaking as though our presence had been entirely forgotten by him, to tell the following story within a story. ***** We drifted together on shipboard. Were 1 to live to be twice a centen arian, the recollection of the voyage, short as it was, will remain. Nor shall I ever forget him, for tbe remarkable story told me duiiog the trip seared itself into mv memory. After a flying visit paid to some mends living in Auckland, New Zealand, I totk my return passage to Sydney on the s.s. Mararoa ; and it was during this pas sage that I met the man to whom I have just referred. He was tall and Fpare, clad in a black and somewhat reedy-looking coat, which he wore tightly buttoned. His face was — but there is no need for me to describe his appearance in detail. He possessed one characteristic, however, which struck me as remarkable. It was bis walk. His stride was long and regular, and bis arms seemed glued to his side. When walking the left arm of the ordinary mortal swings forward with the right leg, and vice versa. His remained stationary. His whole form was painfully rigid. As he walked he looked neither to the one side nor the other, but kept his gaze fixed upon the deck. He was not unattended. A big, muscular man, with a short, thick beard, aud sharp, shifting grey eyes, who might have been half servant, half companion— a sort of ' male help ' — looked after him and' attended to his few wants. We had left Auckland at 5 o'clock on the previous evening, and awoke in the morning to find the vessel made fast to the wharf at Opua, a coaling station in the Bay of Islands. By midday the bunkers had been refilled, and tbe voyage was resumed. We had been steaming along the coast all the after noon, and now the sun was deep in the hor zon. Many of the passengers were leaning on tbe rail taking a last look at the land. Suddenly the medita tive vein into which I had dropped was broken by tbe exclamation : ' I warn you, in God's name, not to gamble.' I turned quickly and Eaw the man whose peculiar gait had attracted my notice standing with uplifted hand before a group of four or five young fellows a few yards from where I sat. It instantly occurred to me that, as he Eaced the deck, he bad overheard, as I ad, a proposal made by one of the young men that the time should be whiled away with a game of euchre. ' I hope you will forgive me break ing upon you thus,' he continued, 'but 1 am sworn to do all in my power to check gambling. If yon do not object, I will relate an incident from my own experience of cards, and tell you what resulted from an indulg ence iu this hellish habit.' I expected to hear the proposal re jected, but the young fellows, after exchanging glances, quietly ranged themselves on one of the long deck seats near me ; though this seemed more an act of courtesy to the stranger than that they anticipated deriving any pleasure from the recital. Seated where I was the wordB of the narrator reached me distinctly, as he related the following ' incident' : — ' I will bo as brief as possible. My only brother, agaiu6t the wish of our dear mother, went to America nearly 12 years ago. For a little over seven years he wrote at regular intervals ; then, suddenly, ietters from him ceased to reach us. We made most thorough inquiries through the means of newspapers aud agents, but could get no clue to his whereabouts. Though this greatly grieved my mother, she would not listen to my proposal to visit America and make a personal search. For close upon four years more wp waited, and waited iu vain, for tidings of the wanderer. Presently came news of the death of an uncle, who had left the whole of his wealth to us two boys. There was about £7000 each. A few months after this I overcame my mother's fears, and started out in search of my truant brother. 'On the boat by which I travelled I made the acquaintance of some gentlemen who were returning to their homes in America, after a visit to the colo nies. In their company I first learned to gamble. Most bitterly do I regret ever touching a card or giving my thoughts for a single moment to the accused pastime. ' When we landed I was conducted by one of my fellow-passengers to a ' quiet place,' ostensibly to tee some play. It is unnecessary for me to give you a description of this hell, suffice it to say that before I had bceu iu Sau Francisco a month nearly the whole ! of my recently acquired fortune had been dissipated. The spirit of gambling had 60 taken hold of me, had j such a fascination for me, that I had no power to wrench myself of the accursed place or the com panionship of its habitues. Night after night, and ofttimes day aud night together, found me seated at one oi the tables playing for heavy stakes, buoyed up and urged on by the hope of winning back what 1 had lost. And at last when I was reduced to nearly my last dollar my luck changed ; I began to win. I have heard of many cases of a similar nature, but never for a moment imagined that such an event would rank among the incidents of my life. ' As was only natural under these altered circum stances, the fascination of play took strouger and Etronger hold on me. Up to this point I had lost recklessly, rapidly lo?t. But now the current of my fortuue turned, like the setting in of a strong, swift, and steady tide. All one night aud part of the next day I played. I ought to have told you that I was playing single-handed enchre with someone whom I had fallen in with there. The game, somewhat irregular, was commenced as a matter of bravado ; but we played for high stakes and drew much attention. We parted this time with the umler ttunding that we were to meet again iu the evening to give my opponent his revenge. Fur I had been winning huge sums. We met as arranged. My luck was so phenomenal that otherplayersabandoned their game3 to watch our contest ; for tho turn of luck in my favour had become (he chief topic of conversa tion among the frequenters of the place. ' It was with a sort of devilish glee— for want of a better word— that I saw my opponent's pile of notes pass gradually over to my side of the table. On this last night I said to my companion (I had not even learnt his name, for names are nothing in places of that description) that, were he desirous of ceasing play, I 'was w illing to do so at any moment. He replied he would play to the last. Placing a pile of greenbacks on the table, ho said, ' To-night is the last of the series, That represents all I am worth in ihe world, and. I am determined to stake it in a lump. If you are agreeable I will 'cut you' for the lot.' There was a look on hiB face as he Eaid this which I trust I shall never again 6ee on the face of a human being. A breathless crowd had gathered round the table, and looked on in eager expectation as the cards were shuffled. He cut first, and showed the seven of diamonds. I hesitated for a moment, a moment only, then cut the eight of the same suit. My opponent threw the cards he held on the table with a gesture of forced carelessness, and said, with a faint smile, ' That finishes it.' Plunging his hand inside his vest, he drew forth a revolver, which he carried to his head. In an iDstant I sprang at him and caught his hand. How it happened I kiiow not. In the struggle the revolver went off. He fell to the flcor a bullet through his brain ; I stood over him, thesinoking weapon in my hand. ' I was horrified, terror-stricken. The others fled, leaving me aloue with my victim. I sank into my teat and gazed in a stupefied way at the body at my feet. A small stream of bright blood was oozing from the temple. Shaking myself together with an effort, I proceeded to examine the body. I found nothing especial till I came to the inner breastpocket of the coat, aud there I discovered — my mother's letters ! I had fouud my brother. Will the just God above forgive such at: awful, such a damnable murder ? 1 feel the brand of Cain upon my brow. I dare not sleep, hardly dare breathe. I am going home with heavy news. I have to meet my mother — a mother who idolised the boy slain by his brother. And presently I have to meet my God. Gentlemen, let me ask you— nay, I pray. I implore you— to give up card-playiug and gambliug ; to give it up for ever.' As he finished he turned and walked, rigid as ever, to a distance apart, though not so far but that I could sec that he was weeping as he gazjd at a huge bank of clouds behind which the suu was covering his rapid retreat. The couclusion of this story lett me with some thing to think of beside my own individual affairs. The page in the history of this man's past, which had been turned over for us to look upon, was a terribly black one, and I felt the deepest pity and commiseration for one the whole of whose future existence would be tortured with a fearfully intense mental anguish. No wonder, thought I, that he shuns the companionship of his fellow -mortals, if, as he himself staled, the hraud of Cain is set upon his forehead. Doubtless he fears to meet the human eye, lest the accusing mark be seen and he be denounced to the executioner. The executioner J He had suc cessfully evaded coming into contact with this indi vidual till now, or he would not, of course, have been oi the steamer relating the story of his awful act. But how had he contrived this ? I sat for some time endeavouring to satisfactorily account for his having managed to elude the just retribution of the law he had outraged. The only conclusion I could arrive at was that he had decamped immediately ou the con clusion of his examination of the body, leaving his brother's corpse to find burial in a pauper's lot. Knocking the ashes from my pipe on the ship'B rail, I went to my berth, determined that, should an opportunity present itself on the morrow, I would question him— providing, of course, that he would brook interrogation. Digweed paused for a moment at this point of his narrative, and when he resumed it was apparent that he had recalled the fact of our presence. He spoke no longer as though he were in a reverie. When I awoke iu the morning, he continued, the vessel was rolling heavily. During the night a severe gale had been encountered. As a con sequence the assemblage at the breakfast-table was a very small one. The man who had brought him self so prominently to my notice the previous even ing was among the abient. He was evidently a bad sailor, for, as we experienced rather boisterous weather during that and the following day aud night, he remained invisible io the general eye. The next day, however, was finer. During the afternoon a goodly number of the passengers reappeared ou deck. The afternoon waned and evening drew on ere he showed himself. A bright, full moon shone in a sky flecked with a few long, streaky clouds. The sea-sick oues seemed to have fully regained their cheerfulness, aud were laughing and joking over the sufferings aud ex periences of the past few hours. I sat somewhat apart, on a long, low seat, which had been backed against the rail on the lee side. From this position I presently discovered, among those promenading the deck, the man who had occupied my thoughts so much since the evening on which he had startled me with the confession of his crime. I instantly became repossessed of the desire to learn more of him. In vain, however, did I try to catch his eye with the view of giving him a friendly nod aud then address ing hiin. As was his wont, he kept his gaze fixed on the deck, and paced to and fro in his peculiarly rigid and unbending manner. Chance at length favoured me. He was passing closc to where I sat when the vessel gave a sudden lurch, which caused him to stagger. To save himself he put forth his hand aud clutched the back of my seat. He had lost his balance, and would certainly have fallen to the deck had I not risen quickly and caught him. I grasped him firmly by the shoulder, and turning him half round, placed him on the seat. ' Rather uncertain footing,' I said, seating my sel? beside him. ' It is,' he replied, ' and I am still very weak. I am but a poor sailor, even in the best weather : and the roughuess of the past few days has made me dreadfully ill.' 'You are stronger now, 1 trust ? ' ' Yes, yes, thank you, I am. I am much better, much stronger. I had quite a respectable meal an hour ago. But I shall not be thoroughly right till I get on shore again. I suppose we shall reach Sydney some time to-morrow?' ' Shortly after daylight, I think,' said I. ' We have made a good trip ; the average has been nearly 11 knots.' ' Have we, indeed ! Well, I am pleased to learn so, for the soouer I reach home the better.' He made as though he would rise. ' I presume your desire is to reach land, not your home particularly. You- er— doubtless shrink from that and the delivery of the unpleasant news you ara the 1 earer of ?' I stammered. In my anxiety to introduce the subject I wished to be en lightened upon, I had hazarded the whole game at one throw. For a moment I feared all was lost. He turned quickly, fixing his eyes upon me with a peculiar look. '? I don't quite understand you,' he said, after a moment's silence, and slowly reseating himself. ' I know of no reason why I should wish to avoid speedily returning to my home.' It was now my turn to be astonished. Taking my pipe from my mouth, I stammered an apology. ' From what you said the other morning,' said I, ' I understood you brought to your mother intelli gence of your brother's untimely end— an unpleasant tasK, xrom wnicu l snouia tiimk any man would shrink.' I resumed my pipe as I finished speaking, and waited for him to reply. Iu a moment lie did so. '? I think I comprehend you now. You heard of my brother's death r Yes, to be sure. You were, I remember, seated opposite those young men who wanted to commence gambling with cards. I told them how my brother di-d, and t!;iit 1 escapnd after thj others. God knows, it might have been better had I been arrebted and made to suffer the extreme penalty of the law. I deserved it. But though I. recognised this at the time, and do i o now, I cannot surrender myself to justice. I am not heroic enough. Even if 1 did the result -would be the same as far as I am eouccrueil. for ? '' he paused au instant; then turning towards me, continued ? '? 1 have eternal life ; I shall never die.' It was now my (urn to he startled. In my ainazameiit I could only guzj at him, and repeat his last words. ' Never die ?' ' Quite so,:' he replied, in a quiet tone. ' I can never die, for I am tl.e possessor of that which gives me not only a perpetual lease of this life, but also power to visit and return from (he sphere beyond the grave. Of course, as time passes, my body will becomo old and worn, and will decay ia accor dance with the natural order of things. I shall then discard it and enter some other from which life has departed in some accidental manner, and which is physically c omplete.' ' Do you mean,' said I, when I could sufficiently command myself after the surprise I had experienced, 'do you mean to say, and ask me to believe, that, after haviug departed this life, you will possess the power to return to it r' ' I do not press you to believe it,' he replied, ' but I most certainly s:iy it, leiausel know it to be so. I have done it.' 'I cannot bslieve it,' said I, com pletely astouuded by what he had affirmed. ' Nevertheless it is true, sir,' lie continued. ' Just consider the matter for a moment. There ii plenty of evidence to Bupport what I affirm. Have not you heard of many cases of the alleged returning of life in those passed for dead ? And have you not lisard of providential discoveries of ' signs of animation in a supposed corpse, while it was yet lying in readiness to b9 committed to the grave ? And, agaiu, how often do we hear of instauces iu which, upou ex humation, a bo3y has been fouud to have turned in the coffin — aye, and to have rent its shroud, and bruised its flesh in the endeavour to free itself from the tomb. Those are signs that a now, or I should more correctly say, a different spirit has tenanted a discarded body. Oftentimes the rightful spirit re-enters its origiual casement, as the body may be termed, having failed to find auother more to its liking, aud fearing to delay retaking possession too long, lest the corpse be placed under ground, and so rendered usele-s. Such cases the newspapers chronicle under sensational headlines, such as, 'Snatch- ed from the Grave,' or ' Cheating the Sexton.' The advent of a foreign spirit, however, is easily discernible. The whole nature of the resuscitated man appears changed ; his temperament is altered ; he forgets old friends ; his very likes and dislikes, his tastes and inc'.iaations are different altogether from what they were be fore his seizure by the illness which brought him, as his friends thought, so near death's door. No doubt you have noticed these things yourself : ' ' ' I certainly have noticed a marked change iu persons who have recovered from a severe aud . almost fatal illness,' I replied, ' but I have never seen anything indicative of a change of spirit. In deed, such an occurrence seems to me utterly impos sible. I cannot believe it, despite all you say.' ' It is impossible to convince a man against his will,' he replied ; ' but, as the night is fine, and cnticcs one to remain on deck, I will, if you care to listen, give you my experience.' There was in his manner a fascination which would have kept me by his side for hours, _ aud I settled myself comfortably ia anticipation of his nar rative, though never for au instant imagining the recital would prove so full of interest. And this is what he related. * * * * * ' After making a start in one or two walks in life,'' he began, ' I decided to fit myself for a chemist. I got through my apprenticpship, aud was presenlly given charge of a branch establishment. Here I em ployed myself studying and experimenting for sonic time, the result beingthat my health became affected. This was noticed by many of my frieuds. who urged me to take a rest, but I persistently refused to do this, till at length a sudden collapse and prostiativu (Continued on Page 1280. y warned me that a respite wa 5 imperatively neces sary. I was seized with a peculiar idei !.t the time. I determined that, instead of removing to an entire change of ecene and association, I would obtain, the rest my frame, needed by means of a trance — or, should I more correctly, say, a prolonged sleep ? In short, I became infatuated with the project, and was determined to carry it out. Accord ingly, I obtained leave of absence and sought my apartments. Here I locked myself in, having pre viously instructed my landlady not to force an entrance, no matter how long I remained there. I had, after much careful thought, prepared a drug which would, I felt confident, throw me into a pro found sleep from which I should not awake for 48 hours, or perhaps longer. 44 As I have said, I had carefully secured the door of my room ; I also lowered the blinds at the windows. Then I mei6ured a proper dose of my mixture, swal lowed it, and laid myself at full length on the couch. Instantly the trance came stealing upon me. But, sir, imagine if you can, my amazement on discover ing that while my body became rigid and my limbs entirely beyond control, my faculties of comprehen sion were in full activity ! I had certainly found for my body rest complete and absolute ; but my mind re tained all its powers. £ was conscious of everything around me ; of the noise made by passing vehicles ; of the buzzing of ilies imprisoned behind the blinds at the windows ; of the sunshine without, and of every article within the room. You may imagine the sensations which swept across me as I lay thus. 4 ' While I was lying half bewildered by the result of my experiment, I heard a knock at the door. 'Ah,' thought I, 4 Unfortunate !' . Unfortunate ! _ We often find events which, from the very simplicity of their nature, seem deserving of little attention prove to be the point from which the commencement of great things are marked. So it was in my case. That simple knock at my door led me to discover that I was, through the agency of my drug, invested with a tremendous power, so astonishing in its nature that when I first realised it I was completely over whelmed by its magnitude. 44 The knock was repeated : then, after a short interval, I saw a card inserted beneath the door. I repeat that I saw the card pushed beneath the door, though I was lying with my face turned in another direction. I sought to account for this extraordinary power of vision, and while vainly endoavouring to reason the matter out I became conscious of an earnest desire to know what the card bore upon its Eurfc.ce. Without any effort on my part I moved towards the door. The card was my father's, and, after ascertaining this fact, I turned. Heavens ! my body was lying extended, rigid, and immovable on the couch, fully six feet from me. 44 An astounding truth flashed upon me, staggering me by its wildness. But I could not doubt what I saw with my own eyes. My spirit was free ! This, incredible as it may sound, and impossible as it for the moment appeared to me, was an absolute fact. I found I could move to any part of the room at will ; aud, of course, without effort. Desiring to enter my sleeping apartment, I passed through the closed door and stood before my toilet-glass. If I had expected to see a reflection of myself I should have been dis appointed. All the articles which came within its scope were reflected by the mirror,' ' but nothing more. My spirit was invisible. 44 I now turned my attention to my inanimate body. During the past few moments I had been greatly exercised as to the possibility of re- entering it. This,-, however, I accomplished without any apparent effort ; I simply exercised my will in this as in other matters — and arose. Glancing at my watch I found I had been under the influence of my drug for exactly 7 minutes and 48 seconds ! This showed me that my compound had failed in one respects— had failed, in fact, in accomplishing the object for which I had designed it. But it left me with the knowledge that I held the key to the mysterious spirit land. I de termined that I would not rest till I had ascertained by actual experiment and observance if I now really possessed the power to visit the unknown, mythical sphere, which, it is alleged, is the habitation of the souls of those who have departed this life. 44 I accordingly made other experiments during the next few ensuing days, each being in every way successful. I immediately decided to profit by my newly-acquired power, and became determined to use it for the benefit of others, in tracing missing friends, and, if need arose, crimi nals. ' I publicly announced myself in this new capacity. Success attended my efforts in every case 1 under took, and my fame soon spread. I must mention here that, as the result of my being employed on one case, and its successful outcome, I became a regular visitor at the house of a Mrs. Ardill, and soon found delight in the companionship of her beautiful daughter, Jessie. I will omit what would perhaps prove uninteresting to you, and just say that before the expiry of twelve months Jessie Ardill and I were betrothed. In our case, how ever, as in many others, the course of true love did not run as smoothly as was to be dc Bired. The hitch, if I may so term it, was caused by a man named Jonathan Elliott, who had set his heart on winning the affections of my promised wife. Even after learning our engagement he did not cease his attentions. But this one blot which marred our happiness was unexpectedly removed ; unexpectedly and painfully. He was a man of violent temper and had openly declared that I should never many the object of his unappreciated attentions, swearing that he would stop at nothing to prevent our union. By a straDge dispensation of Providence he met his death on the morning after making this declaration. Yet his awful vow was fulfilled. ' He was passionately fond of horses, and kept several. On this morning, entering a stall in a furious passion — he had been displeased bysome trifling over sight on the part of oiie of the grooms — he eavaeely kicked a horse noted for its uncertain temper. The auimal .immediately returned the salute in kind, lash ing out with it3 heels, and battering the Bkull of its imprudent owner. ' My weddingday was close at band. While it was yet two days o'ff I placed myself Under the influence of my drug, intent on making a flying viBit to the spot selected for the honeymoon. Alas ! had I but known it, there was no honeymoon in store for me. Instead of joy bells, a funeral toll ; instead of my presently placing a circlet of gold on the finger of my affianced the honeymoon was to place a circlet of ' hemp around my neck ! But I am a little ahead of my story. ' I at length returned to the room in which I had left my body . . . God of Abraham ! It wasn't there ! . . How, then, had it vanished ? It was impossible, in my mind, for the body to become ani mate, for I, the spirit, the force, the power, the will, was absent. Could it have stirred and rolledtothe floor aad under the couch. I looked. No ! For the moment the power to think seemed to have left me. Here was something I had never calculated upon ; some thing which was, according to all reason, utterly im possible of accomplishment. I thoroughly searched the room. Nothing. Mv body was as completely absent from the apartment as my spirit had been a moment before. Suddenly an idea flashed upon me. Could anyone, forcing an entrance to the r join, have discovered my body lying on the couch, aud, under the impression that I had swooned or had 1) :en attacked by a lit, have removed it to my bed chamber ; To think W3s to act. I entered my sleep ing apartment. Empty J ' I might have known it ; a glance would have shown me that the door was locked. Yet it could not be far away— perhapB con veyed into my consulting-room. Heavens ! was I mad \ Was what I saw to be credited *r I saw my body pacing the room, the hands in the trouser pockets, 'the head bowed ani the brows drawn as in deep thought! ' What my feelings were at that moment I am not able to convey to you. To say that I was bewitched is inadequate. In an instant, however, I partially recovered myself, and hastened to make an effort to reinhabit my body. . . There was no room. Another spirit had possession ] 'I was now completely undone. What to do I*did not know, could not conjecture. I was doomed to wander restlessly in Bpace till either the usurping spirit had been driven from my body by what is loaown as death, or till I could find some other carcase in which to take up my habitation. 'Myattempt tore- enter.mybodyhad evidently not passed unnoticed by the present occupier. Stopping short in its walk, with lxead raised suddenly in an attitude of alertness, it laughed — how that laugh grated on me ! — and cut a caper on the floor. 44 4 Ha, ha !' it exclaimed ; 4 this is good ; oh, this is rich ! Here's that wandering, mad-brained fool chemist trying to get back. Ha, ha! Ho, ho!' Aud it laughed for two or three minutes ; laughed till the tears ran down its cheeks. ' Suddenly stopping short in its merriment, it ex claimed—and again how the voice grated on me ! — 4 Listen to me. Do you know who I am ? I know you arc listening, though, worse luck, I cannot see you. I will tell you who has jumped, not only into your shoes, but into your very body. A short time ago I was a member of the mortal world to which I have now returned, thanks to your mad-brained prank into the unknown world- Ah, you'll have plfenty of time now to indulge your mania. Try to do some good while you are there. Everyone should strive to improve opportunity, and endeavour to do good — if it be but an atom. You've got the opportunity ; hunt for the atom. Better still, hunt for an-atom-y ; I have got yours. Ha, ha ! But you have yet to learn who 1 am. I can remember the day — and. so can you, for it has not long passed — when I swore you should never marry Jessie Ardill. You now know that Jonathan Elliott can keep his word. I swore then, and I swear now, that Jessie Ardill shall be nobody's bride but mine. And I will keep my vow. I have entered your miserable body for a purpose. Knowing of your spirit-roving proclivities, I took advantage of your absence ; and now, on the day after to- morrow, Jessie — superb, queenly, beautiful Jessie — becomes my bride. My bride, mind you ; though in her dear little heart she will, of course, think she is marrying you. And the fiend broke into anorher fit of laughter. '? Ycu cannot imagine the agony all this caused me. My worst enemy had succeeded in snatching from my lips the sweetest cup ever vouchsafed to man. This man would go about the world having full con trol of my affairs ; would commit acts which would be laid at my charge by those who, of course, could not be aware of the awful change that had taken place. (To be Continued.) 