ITEMS OF INTEREST. Madame Subrosa. H'm ! . London has 10,000 professional musicians. Try the John Bull Catering Co. for dinner to-morrow, 3 courses 9d, good value.' A younpr woman lias applied for the place of public execntioneer, now vacant at Vienna. Civil servants and others wanting money Bhouldannlvfiirpnt.fnf.liAiicf.iinl InndAra NaIsoti and Callan, 318 George-st (over Freeman's).* . There is only one sudden death among Women to every eight anions men. How to make the most money is the subject of our most recent popular discussion. Amykos is excellent for cbapped hands.* Artificial indiarubber from cotton seed oil is one of the latest industrial products. .'The Little Narcomaniaist,' a story of tha new woman and the old, appears on page 2. Haynes' is tho best gentlomen's hairdress ing saloon iu Sydney. All. latest improve ments, American chairs, hot and cold water for shampooing, z-.1-. HayneB, 30 Sydney Arcade, George-street entrance, upstairs.' On a rough average, 45,000 sovereigns pass over tho Bank of England counters every day. . The Marina Board will give their deoisioh in the stranding of tho Nineveh oase on Tues day next. Try the J.B.C.C. for breakfast, dinner, or tea, 72 King-street. Come early, don't forget.* ? All about the Income Tax — the inquiries you have to answer, the forms you havo to fill in, &c.; — :is set out on page 5. The Japanese believe in ghosts, and pic torially represent them as pale-faced women, with hair hanging1 over their eyes. , Silvester Bros.' pork sausages are like those yon get at '? home.' Try them yourself.* .Two-thirds of the total number of children under 10 years of age in the United Kingdom are insured in one form or another. ? Sufferers of skin disease try Amykos.* The lighthouses on the coast of New South Wales number 21, and have cost in building and fitting out a sum of .£213,087. Smoke Eagle Cigarettes.* The N.S.W. Amateur Fishermen's Associa tion now numbers 201 members. We venture to predict that this timo next year the total will be 501. The Imperial Arcade Hotel, Pitt-st., has ac commodation unequalled in Sydney ; bedrooms large, lofty, airy, and well furnished. Terms — Single rooms, 15s ; double, ,30s weekly.* Customer (to pretty waitress): 'Don't a good many fools annoy you with their attentions?' Waitress Yes. What makes you all do it ? ' Best time to come between 12 and 1 for dinner, 3 courses 9d, J.B.C.C., 72 King-st.* 1 hough whale-fishing has dwindled away greatly in recent years, the demand for whale bone increases, until the supply falls greatly short of the demand. Picnic parties. usually get supplies from Sil vester Bros, city ham shops. Hampers supli'd.* Above the doorway of the music-hall in Yokohama, years ago, was painted in English : 'For. the amusement of foreigners. No dog3 or Chinamen admitted.' James Hunter, soles 3d, women's 2d, ham mers lOd, lifts four a Id. Protectors Id bag.* James Hunter, Leather and Grindery Mer chant, 553 George-st., near Liverpool-st. Chemists say that it takes more than twice as much sugar to sweeten preserves, sauce, &c.;, if put in wheu they begin, as it does to sweeten after the fruit is cooked. In the formation of a single locomotive steam-engine there aro nearly G000 pieces to be put together, and these require to be as accurately adjusted as tho works of a watch. Tho Freetrade horses are fed from the Golden Cob, and must win.* The political future is discussed in to-day's issue by tho Premier and ex-Premiers. Sir Heury Parkes is very warm on his friends, Sir George Dibbs is indifferent, and Mr. Reid is jubilant. Grilled rump steak or cliop3 for tea ; price will surprise you, try it. J.B.C.C., King-st.* ' It is not generally known that Mr. Villiers, the war correspondent, has lost an eye,' re marked a Pressman at the picnio last Sunday. ' His name is pronounced ' Villers,' ' he added — and then fled. They say bow beautifully clean and appetising ev'y'g looks at Silvester Bros. City Ham Shops* 'Yes,' said the girl who makes collections,' ' it is 'one of tho best autographs 1 have in my collection.' ' But are you sure ifc is genuine?' 'Positive. I cut it from a, tele- gram that his wife received from him with my own hands.' Do' you know that at tbe Imperial Arcade Hptel, Pitt-street, dining rooms you get the best served luncheon in the city (seven courses') for two shillings r* tT Tea Uprassie Caddy, finest Ceylon, ls6d lb; Haputala Caddy, choice Ceylon tea, Is Id lb ; liipton's Dep6ta, 16 Oxford- street, and -139 George-street W.* Come to breakfast, come to dinner, come to . tea, you cannot better it. J.B.C.C., King-st.* Captain R- R. Armstrong, late of Sydney, writes from Hobart, stating that he still per sists in his search for pearls in Tasinanian seas. So far ho has collected some the aizB of email peas (white), and black and rose colored of high value are also to be obtained. The Meecurt mentions that some of these pearls mounted are very handsome. Mr. Armstrong has rented Schouten Island from the Govern- ' ment, and is also sroing to enter into the fish exporting in a large way. I Buy boots and shoes at John M'Evoy's, 574 George-st., near Bathu'rst-st. Greatest variety, I lowest prices, and best value in Sydney.* 