Miscellaneous Items. A Gundagai telegram of Monday says: —The oldest inhabitant of the district, Mr. John Crane, of Big Ben Creek, South Gundagai, died on Saturday. The late Mr. Crane settled on the Murrumbidgee River in 1831. He was highly respected, and was the father of 20 children, 11 of whom survive him. His relations in the district are said to number over 200. The funeral took place yesterday, and was a very large one. A Tumut telegram of Monday says:— The heaviest snowfall took place last night. Tho mountains are white, and the foot of the hills at the back of the town are covered with snow. The officers appointed in the outlying polling-places will have to travel through miles of snow. It is still snowing. A shock of earthquake was felt at Moruya on Sunday. It appears that it was also noticeable at Candelo, Bombala, Cooma, and Pambula. At the last-named place the shock lasted from 10 to 15 minutes, causing buildings to shake. An Auckland telegram of Monday says: —Information has been received by the police of a shooting affray at Balfour, in the province of Southland. A farmer named John Keown shot a bailiff named Hugh Stewart. Another bailiff named Middlemass was present, but he galloped away on seeing the fate of his comrade. The bailiffs had gone to Keown's place to seize his horse for a debt. It was at first understood that Stewart was killed, but later intelligence shows that he is alive, though shot in the head, but is lying in a precarious state. Keown has been arrested, brought before a police court, and remanded. The Harlem ship canal which connects the Hudson River with Long Island Sound, was formally opened on 17th June with a monster aquatic and land parade, in which the United States Army and Navy, State militia, and Naval Reserve, city police and fire departments, and numerous civic bodies were represented. The parade was watched by 50,000 or more people stationed along the line of march and on the banks of the canal. The ceremony of pouring two barrels of water from the great lakes into the canal, symbolising the union of the lakes with the sound, was accompanied by the firing of canon by the United States cruisers Atlanta and Cincinnati. The mysterious disappearance of the in- ter-island trader, The Sea Ghost, with two British subjects on board, is reported from the Solomon group. The Sea Ghost went up the Bouganville Straits trading several months ago, and up to the time the Chittoor sailed for Sydney nothing had been heard of either the vessel or her crew. A trader has reported haying picked up wreckage, which was supposed to be from the Sea Ghost. He believed that the crew had been murdered by the natives, the vessel being looted and then cast ashore to hide all traces of the murder. Jacobs Theatre on Third-avenue, New York, was almost destroyed by fire on the morning of 17th June. Immediately adjoin- ing the building on the north is a five-story tenement house in the basement of which is Grundy's saloon. Several families live on the upper floors. All the people in the house were asleep at the time the fire started and policemen and citizens, broke into the building and drove them by main force out of the building. So far as is known, no one was injured. The roughest estimate of the loss of the theatre and contents is put at £20,000. The buildings adjoining are estimated to be damaged and partially de- stroyed, at a loss of 100,000. The Oddfellows in England have been in a difficulty about their lady members. They do not know how to designate them. One brother proposes Oddfollowesses-a barbar- ous formation: another suggests that Sister Oddfellows would be appropriate; but the competition for the missing word is still open. At any rate the Odd Women (perhaps that might do) are in future to have lodges for themselves apart from those of their brother Oddfellows. The reasons for this separation of the sexes may be various ; but one of the most obvious is suggested by the proposal that the women's lodges shall not be held in public houses. As an Oddfellow remarked, " he was not himself a teetotaller, but he Would not like his wife or daughters to go (with him bien entendu) to a lodge in a public house." Very natural indeed. Butter keeps hard by using the Gordon Canvas Filter. All storekeepers sell them. —Adv. 