? feSH.OKf^^l.ftfts [?] * \ ffr,JBY .ELLA (- CHEHrram [GOODWIN. i [ ?''^ARTflllifP'' :' V '-:'' i:'' ' . ** Then youare not Kcquaiated w«b ueu&(' -aid Dexter, disappointed. A shade passed overhiB face. ?? No, I am not acquainted with Celia Ad dington. I have not seen her Bince ehe was r obfld:1' replied be, in a low tone. 'But you bbw her then I' cried Dexter, with joy at tbiB new bond between them. 'You will be interested to know how lovely she is QOW, ana Will let me miu. 10 yuu uouul uer, will you not 1 She will eeem nearer to me, and not bo utterly JoBt, if I may.' ' Tee, yea 1' said Mr. Ellison, eagerly. ' Tell me all you know of her 1' Then he looked eearchingly at him, and suddenly held out hie hand, and said earnestly, ''You love her. I will do all in my power to help you unravel the myetery that separates you. Dexter pressed his hand warmly, and found, Bome way, a little comfort in the words. As Mr. Ellison did not explain farther in regard to bis acquaintance with Jerome Addington, Dexter forebore to question him. But alter this the talk between them was always of Celia. The elder man seemed never weary of listening, any more than the younger waB of talking. But neither could Bad a clue to the enigma of her etrange de □isioD, ' I do cot believe the re&Bon; is a real one, though ehe, poor child, believes it to be,' Mr. Ellison BRid many times. *' It ib eome thing he has made her think — though what — or wby^ — -' And here he would fall into a reverie, and a dark' frown wou?d come over hie face. Ho advised Dexter, however, to ascertain Mr. Addiugtou's whereabouts, if possible; and, although the young man could see no good which would result if he learned them, eince Celia had declared her resolve unalterable, he finally wrote to bis father, requesting him to rind out where the Addingtons had gone if he could, or any guide to their present abode. Having despatched this letter, he grew go im patient for a reply that he could hardly wait the iiFCjseary interval. As little hope aa there seemed in any event the fact of knowing just where Celia was would brine her a trifle nearer to him, since it was 'better than nothing to be certain of her whereabouts. He was doomed to dieap pointment, however. Hib father replied promptly, and staceA that he had found and questioned Mr. Addington'a lawyer, but that he said be vres unacquainted with his former client's preeent plaen of residence ; that he ! had at first gone to New York, but had after- j ward moved from that city, eince when all j business relations had ceased between them. Mr. Jlartwick added to his own opinion that the lawyers manner wae evasive, and that it was evident Mr. Addington, for some rea eon, did not wish it generally known where j be had gone. Dexter took this letter rather gloomily to i his friend. : | ' As I thought,' the latter remarked, when j he had read it. 'Jerome Addington feara ! vou. and has taken precautions to prevent i your following him. should you wish to do ' so. He is determined to keep you and ; Celia apart. B?it do not be discouraged, i my dear boy- We will find him out yet.' ? ' But bow ?' asked Dexter. \ Mr. Ellison reflected. j 'I think 1 will write to this lawyer,*' he re- 1 plied, at length. ' It ie prGbable Jit. Ad- ! diugton'e instructions related particularly to . those who might have any connection with j you. If I, a rtranger from a distant city, j write to him, I may obtain some informs- [ tion.'; I ' And if you do ascertain where ehe i#$ I whit then !' aeked Derfcer. wistfully. '? Mr. Ellison laid bis hand on bis ehoulder as he responded kindly : — ' We will be guided by circumstances. I have.a plan whiob 1 will disclose when the proper time shall come. Until we have tried do not despair.'1 I His assured manner made* Dexter feel a j little hopeful. ; ' How can I ever repay you if you should j be the means of giving my darling bick to me?' he cried with an outburst of feel- '. ing. ?? I Mr. Ellison replied only by an enigmatical, i look which Dexter could not -fathom. Yet it ; some way Feemed to add to his confidence In ' his new f riend'e power. ! ! _ . . . . ' . ? ,i The letter was written at onee. and Dexter ' had just dropped it into a post-office box, and i was about to cross the street, when his heart suddenly stood still, then beat again in heavy, taumpe, .For, walking slowly along on the ; opposite . eide of the etreefrf he saw Mr. Ad diugton and Celia I Neither observed hi 05. and Dexter gazed again on that dear inz-9 i from which the former warm color had gone, ' and could -see how melancholy bad changed places .with the x)ld roischievousness in her dark eyes. ' A horse's head in close proximity to his nwn rniiHio^ him in a cpnup n( hi-: environ. m en ts, and, stopping not to hear the curses .: of the driver, Dexter rushed .across the etie'et, 1 -and.iohowed on after Celia. and Mr. Adding- ' ton, keeping, however, at a safe and oautiouG distance. His heart bled at the ravages the 5 past few months had made upon her he j loved eo well, and notwithstanding the air , of devotion which was apparent in Mr. Ad- | dington, Dexter felt hatred toward him as the j cause. ' :':???'????' ??: ? ? '-. j But he was surprised at catchiag a look of ? questioning fear upon Celia' s face once whpn '; she turned it toward Mr. . Addington. He | had never before seen anything but conn- j dence and affection in her regard. What 1 could it, mean? Was. it a sequence of the i mystery ? . : . . ?' He followed them until they turned into a I side street, then stood at the corner long j enough to mark the iouse at which they i entered; after which ha hurried back to Mr. j Ellison's place -of business, and hurriedly and somewhat incoherently informed him ol what had happened. '. ; Mr: Ellison's excitement was as great as i his own, but he calmed himself with an effort. 'Fortune has favored yoa, my boy,'' he said, with a tender lingering upon the last two worde. *? Now will you trust me and take myadvice?'v: :. ,1 .. . .??'?? ' Xes.' was Dexter|6 eager rpply. 'r Then go— the sooner the better^-and ^e; m&nd; of Mr. Addington, ae your righty § reason for Celia's abrupt dismisBal of the man whom ihepromiEed io joyrry. ? ? . ' I will,' B&id; Dt-xter, firmly .- ** Good. I will go with you. ' You 2.' surprised. ' ' Yes. I think I may have some inflaence with Jerome Addington.' . . .'?'?? Dexter felt .a. fitrength.it Jhis^assurance which he had not before, although he under stood so little what 'he meant. '- - - That sltetnoon they -both stood together at the door ol the present .^on)B of Celis. An elderly woman answered tbeit ring, whose face indicated Euspicion 'and ill temper. She had been selected to take old Margaret's place for these very characteristics, probably, thought Dexter/ ? She eyed them: sullenly as she-- informed them that Mr. Addington was out. r . ? ' ' \\*'W&'mXl'g6'ha'an& wait nntil he returns,' Baid Dexter, jiuietly, arid puehe4 his way b'y her through the half open door.. Mr. BlUsoq . foliowjed, and , they both etepped into the .parlor. ,.;,, '? ? ?? . ' ??.?'''?'? *' Weil,'yiaried the woman, entering aftet Ihem, 'perhaps I'd better eend for a police man. You came into tb'e house more. like thieves , than honesj: ;jraeij^ . . j , stell ynu, mj mutter jb o0, &n;& rdon*t tnpw whpn Jie y%: bO'in.'.''. .???' ''? ?? *;I::--: f:.'''J ?????'?' '' '? ??? ? -^rFoa'«an watohfrs, if you- are afraid of our stealing anything,'- Baid rDexter, 1 'But we intend tp wait here until Me .Addington 'refauBns,' ...... Jt., :?;:.;/?':; : ? ,. ' ;. '. ,';'- ; *?' WbWalybnr ^ b#ine8B|' ehs ieinatiaea. '^bur'WsmeBB W4n-i& '11*^ ^dfngtonitt «aid Mr.piiisoniflalmif, Uu- v-vf.:--.,j; ;Tbewbmsn glared at them. Biqttering ?ometbiiig, thBn tiaiurjced-out^rid ipft them. The^wo Jaw tsdianged a iflok. but. neithtr Booke. ifexjeer leiqai «g»'net tbepianb, *qd ????';..' . ????;?? ?' ?'.- ^rr- eeated bimeeit »n « low tchiftr »ta t» cdiuci wterehehBppeQedto stop. He had hardly done so wrierf ?Mr.r Addington i stepped in- «t? ilie floor and -etoppied on: the threehold, bis' lace paling «h his «ycs fell bnDatorj1 The back of a large atm»obair aoreened Mr. Elli Bon from tiia *iew. ' -.'?-'-'? ? : ' ? '.. . '?? ?? ' It is you, then, is it ?rt said, Mr. Adding- ^ ton, as Bocn'aa he could itecovet himeelf enough to ipeafc Tfien tti 1 carefully cloeed the door, and, standing before it with folded arms; fixed upon Dexter a look of undisguised bate, as he went on: ''You have oonie to perseoute my niece, I euppcee. It is manly to follow and annoy a helpleasgirl ! Hut you wili find it is I with whom you will have to deal, not ber.' ? .., . -. . .. ... . . ' I have not come with.the purpose of per secuting any one,' returned Dexter, steadily, and not' shrinking under the gaze of the other. ' it was accident alone which brought to my knowledge the faot of your presence in this city. fiat. I. am not satined to be diB missed as I have beei without the least ex planation. I know Celia loved me even when she sent me away. For her sake— to spare her pain — I went. But of you I demand the reason which caused her to do aB ehe did._ 1 am not willing to submit without knowing all, becauBe the happiness of my life is in volved.' Mr. Addington regarded him intently with out answering, and appeared 'to be debating within himself- Finally he asked, — *? Will you be satisfied and leave us alone if I give you a full explanation ?' ' If the facts justify it.' As Mr. Addington was about to respond, the door behind him was pushed gently open. ?* Do not come in.'' he cried abruptly, but too late. Celia had seen Dexter, and leaned againBt the door pale and trembling. There was ancuish ard reproach in the eyes she allowed to rest on those of her lover. He, no leae moved, had difficulty in restraining himself fiom going to her and clasping her in his arms. Mr. Addin«ton stood irresolute, gnaw ing his fingers. Nj one noticed Ellison, wbo Btill remained concealed behind the chair in his accidental arclueion. Celia was the fiifit to break tho etlence. ' It was cruel to us both to come. Dexter,' said she. piteouely. ' I told you there was no hope. Ah ! why will you make it eo hard — so hard ? ' Her voice broke and she burst into tears. At this Mr. Addington said sternly, — ' You see, young man, the miseiy your pre Eence causes. That this scene may not be repeated, I will accede to your demand. Celia. dear, he came to insist upon knowing everything, and 1 now think it beat that he should.' . His tone changed to gentleness as be ad dressed her. Endeavoring to euppiess her sobs, ehe replied, — ' You wished the secret kept, and so, too did I. But I— I think he has a right to know.' At this Mr. Addington turned again to Dex ter. ' It is a painful disclosure,' he commenced with a harsh, grating souud iu his tone; ' I yield to its being drawn from me that she need be no longer troubled by your solicita tions. To be brief, my brother's wife, Celia'a mother, died a victim to hereditary insanity, which for gentrations had never failed in its prey. In a sane iotetval before her death she made me promise thst her daughter should nbTer marry, but that the curse might end with her. You know now why 1 tried to guard her by Btrict seclusion from the possibility of a love affair.' Dexter stood mute, with horror. He saw that Celia was right; that the barrier between them was indeed impassable ; bus worse even than ihat was the thought of such a fate hanging like a suspended sword above the I head of the wemsu he loved. He forgot Mr. } Ellison, and everything except that remorse- j less hand of destiny. - ' You understand now. Dexter, bow wrong i ,we were to Jove,'' said the plaintive voice 01 j Ctlia. Her face was hidden in her handker- ' i chief. A stillness followed the words. j ' Why have you told her this storj, Jerome t Addington f ' It was a strange voiee to two there that broke the silence, and Celia looked np startled j to see a gray bead rising behind the large \ arm- chair. She gave a cry of surprise and ; fright, but surely ehe had no reason to feat i the look she met, which was kind alrooet to j tenderness, and proti-t:ting. Dexter, recalled -J to » knowledge of 'Mr, .'Ellison's presence,,! looked at him wistfully, wondering what hia 1 words meant, but not dariog to hope.. Upon.] Mr. Addington the iff-;ct of tbia sudden ap parition of an unsuspected fourth in the in terview waa' strangely ruatkerf. He started back, and tbeu, as his eyes searched the face, recognition came into his owo, and he stated at him appalled, as if he had seen a ! ?'ghost. ,; ; .... ? , ??? ?;. j I ' 1 see you remember me, although it is , many years eiuce we have met, and I have j , changed muoh 6iaee then,' said Mr. Ellison, j I quietly. '1 had not intended to play the 1 listener here, , but, as it so happened I took j advantage of the riroumstancas. Had you , faithfully discharged your trust, jou would h6ve had no reason to fear me as you do. now.'1 Sir. Addington had lost every panicle ot eeif possession. He cast a fearful glanca around, and bis eves were full of anguish as ; they rested on tbe wondering Ceiia. ? | 'I thought you were dead long ago, Amos | Ellison,' tie stammered. 'Why have you j come to interfere nowt Esmember your j promise.'1 j ' When ft er happiness is at stake, that pro mise is nothine,' wag the decided reply \ a.n.d j Mr. Ellieog carae and stood in the centre of j the room. ' Was not the sacrifice all for her ; welfare?' he continued; *' You have made it necessary tost she should know the. truth now. Why you have done as you have, I do not know, unless it is for some reason so monstrous that I shrink from believing it.' ? ? - . Mr. Addington's head dropped, and the per- i spiration started out of his temples. Mr. ; Ellison turned from him to Celia, and coo- ? tinued in a different tone, — i 'My child, wiU you try and think as kindly as possible of the reyelation9 I have to make to you 2 Be prepared. for a great surprise. I must first say a few worde about myself, ,'j have all uiy life beeq an unforruD^te man. I grew discouraged finally,' and .af^er niy de^f Vjte died, rather tha'p allow nay phild tob§ inv9lved'|n jhe '.''fate/ jfbSah seeirjed riiine, | gave her tg another— a rfch man who could rescue her from the life of toil Bhe would have |iad with me, arid give her the advantages I knew well I myself never oonld obtain for her. My own feelings I put aside for her sake, and bore patiently the sorrow of her loss. Celia, you ere that child, and I am your father.' Gslia cast a bewildered glance around, and then something in her beart responded to the! appeal in Mr. Ellison' a eye?, ^n^ ekVwent te ** I' ata glad you have cotne to me, my father,' ehe said gently.. Mr. Ellison's lace was transfigured as be pat his arm6 round her. Something of the look w»s reflected in Dextet's, who now eeemed to see a glorious gleam of light breaking through thej:loude. All the truth da\yned upon him, a8 it had not'yet upon Celia. '' ? :?'; ? ?ii'l do not qtfite )s$e tibsf i\ &1] i?^1 sue said, after a moment of silence. ' Yon &re; my father— then you must be my uncle's bro ther V* , She looked inquiringly at Mr. Addington, but he did not speaker glance up. ' Do you npderstaivl, dear I ' said Mr. BHieon. *? Mr. Addington ^B-rTrr' ' ' '? M.Storj 1 1' pomrri^nded Mr. Addington. The pupils of his feyea dilated so that the whole eye seemed black. 'Let me be the one to tell her. That right I will have. Celia have Ilevet been anything bat kind to you ?' i^Ue- ret^-tiever^ dear ttnole,?-' replied the astonished gid. .'P^LT -?,, ;;f;;^;,.;; ;.,:.. ? f'Then,IortheBakeo|tha aftectiojg tfhiph ?fe ?SJIS\^ JSN*» S% M «»?('pefl»a|.s fry «b4 f ofglfe (fta^Rgbg I ha?a 4ooe ybuLi .3FeB^lor^?Qayp.MoQe»^aI.^ncgqg.^,Irt)BteD(;- Gelia-Miny years, ago, when- 1 was oom paritively a yourg man, I was deoeiWd and ~* barayed by toe woman I loved. Tiuat)»UBed i S,^_Btrn^lwg, half frantic man, and you -^SSs'wentbn^yon grew dearer and Seaw/o me, »8 a child of my own might have^Wnf My love was pare and bonert; tSen Bat when yoacfttae back from eobool, and I saw yon in the beanty of your woman Jood/ana knew you to be .111 had hoped my ideal woman, then, Odta. I remembered I was not your uncle, and loved you with a ^ Adhere words Celia shrank back clow to her lather, and oovered her face with her hands. She comprehended now the looks of hia which of late had surprised and frightened her and in her outraged feelings forgot for the 'moment the Bhadow which hia revelation had removed. *? I loved you, Celia, with the pasBionate love of a man who might have had the right had not 50U believed him to be your uncle,' went on Jerome Addington, while all listened intently, Mr. ElliBon with pity, and Dexter with horror. ' In my jealousy, I kept you seclud d, as I thought, from the chanoe of any lover, and I wag already planning to win you to regard me in a different light from what yon did, when I diecovered in one ter rible moment that my precautions had been in vain, and you loved. In my agony I re solved to separata you from him at all haz arde, and I did. I meant, when your fancy for him bad gone, as I hoped it would in time, to tell you the truth — that my brother's wife died insane, bat was not your mother, and that I loved you.' Involuntarily, Celia raised her eyep, shin ing with the gladness of the few words which bad momentarily blotted cut all the others, to those of her lover, that responded with the same joy. Then ehe remembered Mr. Ad dington. A shadow crossed the brightness of her face. She hesitated, then ehe Baid, fal terinciy. — ' Uncle — let me call you uncle Ptill. for 1 can never think of you otherwise— for the sake of all that has been, I forgive you the suffering that you have caused, and— and — pity you.' ' My punishment ie severe, ' be returned huskily. ?' Some time the remembra':;« of those words will comfort me. but now I can only remember tb&t; I have lost you. That is penanoe enoueh for a thousand heavier sins than mine. Try and think of me ae I was. I leave you to those who have the right I have forfeited.' Giving her a last look so full of wretched ness she never forgot it, he turned and went out of the room and out of her life forever. Tears came to her eyes as she gazed after him. ' I have no uncle now/* she murmured sadly. Then ehe threw her arms around Mr. Ellison's neck. 'But I have found a father !' ' And I — am I nothing ?' aeked Dpxter. ' You are my eon now, ' said Mr. Ellison, and placed Celia's hand in his. She smiled through her tears, and her face flashed as it had not for many a day, as Dex ter took her from her father's arms and drew her to his heart. The clouds which hung over them passed away, and the bright sun was shining. (Concluded.') Several deaf persons in a Massachusetts rural cosiiDanity are circulating a petition praying the Legielasure to give them a hear ing. Parson — 'Where's your pa. Johnny f' Juhnnt — ' Well, I ain't soin' to lie about it. He's been experimentin' with one of these yere parachute . things like the man dropped out'n the balloon with the other day : and last time he tried usin' ma's utn brel' and come down in the well, . I ain't cot the courage to go an' see if he's got hold of the handle. Geelong mamma— 'You can't toast that cheese. Dut, it's too old.' Little Dot—' Well, it don't know much if 't js old.'- * . . ? ? ' Don't knoty much ?' ' No ; jest as soon as it begins to feel the fire it jumps right into it.' 'Yes,' said' a convalescent and classic patient, ?' even the Orecks suffered with the iJl-I-ad.' ' ' Possibly,' remarked the doctor, 'as your complaint was rather odd-I-see.' Nothing mil pat murder into a man's heart quicker tbaa- in unsuccessfully try to open a refactory car-window for a pretty girl, and bave a man about two sizes bigger than be is, step across and open it almost without an effort. If you must do as the Romans do when you are in Rome, you should do as the Mil liners do when you are in Milan. 'My dear,' said a husband, gently rous ins bis wife — the lady wa« dangerously ill— *s Mrs. DeHobson called a little while ago and left her love and sympathy for you. She seemed deeply afiected. ' John.' said the *ick ladj in a wry weak tone of voice, as she slowly unclosed hei . eyes. ' what did she have on ?'' 'Papa, what does E pluribus unum mean?' ' It means ? one of many,' my son.' ' Well, papa, as you haVe many children, ain't I an E pluribus unam?' Mother — *' Who has been drickine the milk? Tell the truth now I'- Jofi^— ?' \t was me. J wanted to aee if it was sour.' Motheb— ' Well, what if it w—?' Johk— ' -v fay I wouldn't bare drank it, then.' 