X&gweIWg.; 0 (BY ' VAN.' Should yachting and yacht-racing boom in tho near future, as is generally sup posed, and Port Melbourne become its I cliief rendezvous and centre of attraction, the votaries of; tlie pastime in general, and the water ' wags of the Vart,' in par ticular will have little to thank the Jupiters of Collins street or their satellites forany:approring cods, or discriminating fostering care they have or are at present bestowing on the above-mentioned or nny other spirited sailing organisation. - Nor can it be averred that it is owing to tlie club not being a brass bound cne, or prone to shivering its timbers with war paint, and tlie ghost of a royal warrant, that its doings afloat do not get tho recognition it is fairly entitled to, taking the more up-to-date and yacht-like appearance of the late additions to their fleet into account. - — - - The late Queenscliff, Sorrento, and Portarlinglon regattas might have taken place at Titnbnctoo for ali the glittering gods or subs of Collins-street seem to hive cared, or concerned themselves. Had the competition been confined to the local fishing boats of each locality, there would be some excuse for ihe neglect. It surely shonld 'be well-lcboTra i-y this time that these Easter down-bay regattas are of yearly recurrence 1*1 ^connection with the Easter cruise round Port Phillip Bay. ' '.'? ' ' ' ' ,. . It was also known tiiajfttbls gear's: Bay clnbs. It is therefore no i wonder that local residents and regatta com mittees complain of the lacJies of the Press. ? ? :.' : - ':'**-.$ That the Tort Melbonrne Club' feels most aggrieved may be readily under stood, seeing that tbe E.M.G. and the Leisure Hoar scored the principal honours. Again on Saturday April 20th, and on Eight Hours' Day two matches of exceptional interest took place, under the auspices of the club, starting off the Port Lagoon pier — yet not a line np to tbe time of writing has appeared thereto. 1 Had these regattas or matches taken j li!acevinSfj3rieyjtyr any other past' of the civilised world, except marvellous Mel bourne, they wonld have claimed special atiemior, and some colnmns of space The man in tlie street will doubtless 'ask, How is this tlms? Globe trotters visiting our shores have asked the same question over and over again. Even our coming Governor, Lord Brass}-, when berc in the Snnbeam, conld not understand why, with such a land locked stretch of -open water, a pastime admittedly tbe most useful, manly, and noble that man had invented for the nseful occupation of leisure, should not be .more popular with those who could afford to give it a local habitation and s. name to command a. more general recognition from the Press and public. With regard to . the former, ihe most charitable complexion that can be placed on the «ttitndV*f the ' literary coterie,' as the Rev. Ilaneis expressed himself at Sydney as ruling everything, is that they are not after the manner born. Like Dr. Johnsou in his voyage to the Hebrides, they would regard a yacht as a prison surrounded with water. The French have an axiom, that it is the uuexpected that takes place. I fear, however, that some cycles of natural selection will have rolled by before we see one of these hard-worked ' slaves of the lamp ' going wave climbing and making the snn over the fore yard in a summer vacation, and voicing his pent-up feeling in such as the followiug ?:— ? - - . . . Away: away! wjiat feather spray sbcflingElienfiatji her prow, .. . ' : . . - Whai j;^m^nfl» !«-i-Ji ?.-«?« werv snlimii that dips '1rtiB,1ateMftctis ClaftV MtuonjjK not ranch of a waiter kelpy, -was really fond of chatting abont things afloat, and cou'd spin a long-shore yarn. WJiit worth himself and the writer were one day discussing the probability of Victoria having a pleasure navy worthy of the name in our own time. 'No friend ' Van,' ' said the late lamented journalist ' Our fellows are not with yon, .you might as well try to comb snakes into drawing-room pots. The young fellows are all from Bullock town, or the Never Never. - The older ones care more for dogs, horses, and the cattle on a thousand hills.' 