A PILLOW TRAGEDY The Belated Confession of One of the Guilty Conspirators. Our village wsb pretty small when X first came to it. £ut then, as far as that is con- eernod, I was pretty small myself, and so in every way suited the villngo. In thinking over my own youthful days it seemed to me e pity that the history of that village should go unrecorded for want of a historian. fin T propose, in laolt of a better person Doming forward, to write some of the partionlare of the hiBtory of this quiet village. I shall call it Brueeville, because that was not its name, and yet it is near enough tho name to be recognised by any of its eminent oitizons, while the assumed title, X hope, will proteol mo if an exasperated populaoo should under take to bring a libol suit against mo, or to take into the eonrtB of law any of the mis deeds that I shall have the painful duty of obronioling or confessing. It Ib generally eupponod that the yonng men, or boys, rather, of tho oities are very much worse, as far as pure wickedness is concerned, than the innooent youth who re. sides in the oonntry or in a small village. My own exporienoe does not bear out this : popular idea. If there exists in this world any gang of youngBters who more richly de served the aelle of a nrinnn ihnn n» t have yet to hear of them. X had eomo as pirations myself to being the leader of this gang of boys, but I bavo to admit that there were many among ue who could astonish even mo in suggesting now and entertaining crimes wbioh were to bo committed on tho I suffering inhabitants of that village. The village now boasts of a very fine briak school, and I boliovo there is a principal thero and assistant teaoberB, and a great many other things that woro not prevalent When I was a boy. I went to tho first sohool that was over opened at Brucovillo, and that was the first sohool I evor wont to myself. The teacher wse a young woman who hod amaBsed a great deal of knowledge an. parently ; at least wn thought no nt. and the peoplo of the village rented the lower story of a residonoe for a eohool-houeo. X have rather dim recollections of my struggle with learning through the first book I vaguely remember boing trounoed once or twioe, but I havo no reoolleotion as to what the trouble wos. I know that oven at that early timol was marked as being a boy who, i. ho bad kept on in tho way ho had started, was going to develop into a veritable monstor of wiokednesB. I can remember thai thero was a certain feeling among some of us that wo wore not at all tho favorites of this teaoher, and I boliovo to this day that the teacher did not have the taot to conceal her preferences. This partiality was brought to a climax one summer's day by hor inviting all her favorite pupila up to her house, or 'he honso of her 'o engage in the Vila dissipation of gamos and oraoking note, and euoh like hilarious enjoyment. Four or. e of us were not invited, and that night I wont early to bed. Whon the young aooun. urols of the villago wanted to start out on a career of depredations wc always went to bod 9&MV.; KaaH nf fhn linnia Iia J a a? i „ — w. vUV uujd unu a UHiuoaiar my of getting out of tho honao unknown to the other inmates, and my own meana of exit was orawling through tho window on to the kitchen roof, getting down that on the top of a board fenoo, nnd then from that to lit B'ouud. Wo always oollectod eaoh othor by mysterious whistles, imitotiona from the whip poor-will or quail, and in go- ing to our rendezvous ws akirted along the fenoo or in the dark shadows of buildings, orouohing down with our caps drawn over ouroyos. This waa to avoid possible dis. oo very, although there was no person in cro'iion that would have thought anything of it if ho had met us right in the middle of the street, anyhow. Still, there was a cor- tain delight in making a sneak for it, and on t'.in particular occasion four or five of nshad gathered for tho purpose of brooking up that party at the toaoher'e honee. Tho toaoher b- longed to a large family of pioneers who had eoatterod around that neighborhood. i Ae a number of tho family had tho aamo names, both first and seaond, various adjoo- fives woro used to dosignato the partioular one meant. Hor father was known as " Swampy " John, beoanso lio lived on the other side of the swamp, about half a mile (ustvnt from the villago. Another relative WoB oalled" Hilly " John beoausa ho lived on tho brow ol n hill Tho swamp through whioh Wo had to pass to got to Swampy John's houoo was aweird, lonesome place, wbioh took at least six boys, together, eaoh protesting that he was not tho leaet afraid, to cross it. Any tingle boy, or any two oi no for that matter, would havo willingly choson to go to perdi- tbo rather than to orosB that owamp in tho flight tims. But tho main road that passed through the villago lod through tbo swamp, and tho first houso od the otlior -eido wos Swampy John's, Aftor a whisporod oonsulta- lion it was reaoivod that wo should makj up a swamp ghost with whioh to scare tho life out of the teaober and ooholurs. It may bo mentioned that on the oaoaBion of this party the tr-aofcst'a father and mother wore away visiting fcomawlierc, and would not ho liauk thai night. Tills wo hod learned from the fctunato invited papils, who told it as an 'Indication tbu joy would bo unoonfincd and that there would bo no older heado present to interfere with the umuooment. Tho ghost was made up as follows: A pillow was taken and a string tied around the middle of it# Then blaok picooa ol oloth vrero pinaod o represent month, nose and oyos. A piece flannel was pihibod to tho blaok mouth go that ft hang oat in apintngtsaqelashiaa And added to the attractiveness of the pillow as we had fixed it. A rope was- then tied around tho oontro ol the pillow to give it a general resemblance to a man being hanged, and with this all tho oonspiratoro started along- the road that lad throngh tho big swamp. The terrors of tho swamp may be understood whon I say, as wo passed ?uB u hmesomo load that was ont through it, wo all becamo terrorised at onr own pillow, and ono of the weaker brethren becamo so frightoned that ho started book but realising the last that he would bnve to tread the rest ol sue ioarttu way alone he stnok to ns, being lese afraid to bo in onr. company evon with the frightful ghoet wc had with os, than go book to the village alone; Whon we oautionoly olimbed over the fenoo nnd got into tho yard that surroundod Swampy John's honso, we orawled op along tho fonoo to tho residence itself. Of course wo might easily havo gone in by the goto and up tho walk, but that wouldn't have had tho daredevil efieot that we wiol. to produoo evon among our- selves. _ Tho boaso was gaily lighted np, and the noise of revelry oould be, heard. Tho curtains in the front bad been polled down, but the side window was onrtainlcse, and -there we arranged onr notorious business. 'A pole was etuok np against tho honso, to whioh tbo rope was tied that suspended the frightful-looking pillow, and the pillow was then swung to and fro, so that it would boat gently against tho window-pane. The effects of a great sohemo are never noticeablo until the sohemo itself is triad. We now saw that wo shoald havo brought a shoot with as to wraparound thelower part of tho pillow so oo to givo a more roalietio viow to onr ghost. Taking down the polo again and lowering tho rope somewhat, it waa eo ar ranged that tho head of tho apparition appeared just above the window-sill, and there wos nothing below to intimate that tho ghost oams to an abrupt conclusion, and no thing to show an investigating person that it was a pillow and not a ghost. Over tho Bill of every window a conspirator was peoring in to see who would first notice the apparition at the uncurtained pane. Whon it waa dis covered an unearthly shriek rent tho air. I never knew who it was that bow it first or who it was that gave tho shriok. But instantly every eye waa directed to tho terrible speotro at the window. Ono universal howl went from the gnosis. Tho little girls and littlo boys clung round tho. skirts of the Bohool mistress, and sho — for she must have been only a girl herself, although wo thought DfiH fit thftt. timn t.hfl nrnhnilimatit nf a1>1 aha and wisdom — was joBt as frightened as tho rest. She stared at tho apparition with dilated eyea and white face. I had a vory good view of her and I thought for the momont she was going to faint. The ohildren all aroand her were screaming and crying and howling for help when there was no help. But tho sohool ma'am was oloar grit. Liko the other lady of tho adage, Bho did not believe in ghostB, bnt oho was afraid of thorn. She . knew the lonely situation of the house and realised the fact that it would still bean hour or two boforo tbo first of tho parents oamo with lanterns to bring home their ohildren. Sho know that if the ohildren were not oalmcd down there wouldn't bo any of them to bring homo bofore another ten minotea. So she qniokly shook hor skirts free from the clinging youngsters, and for a moment we thought that sho was going to oomo out and scatter ue, and then our hearts stood atill. She sprang to the door and threw it wide open, and tho next words she spoke struck terror into tho hearts of the villainous conspirators. "Here, Tiger! Horo, Tiger t" sho shouted, and a groat big dog bounded in from the the kitohen, while wo broko in dismay for the fenoe at tho road. Then thero were sorcams and yells from Bn entirely opposite party. Tiger, who wos a great, big, brutal animal, sprang ont into the darkness and instantly followed tho fleeing mob. Ho took away most of my wearing apparel as I soramblod over tho fenoo. Evory one of ub suffered more or leBS, and we ran the whole way throngh the swamp road into the villinco. Then we thought with terror, at least I did, that the piilow was still hanging at the window. The next day the question in the qniet villiagel was : "Who loet a pillow?" The peoplo ol the village were eoandalieed at tho outrage that bad been committod, and every one counted pillows. Alas I and alas 1 in onr house there was ono pillow Bhort, and many a time next day I wished I had that pillow to eit down on. I " At what ago were yon married ?" she asked, inquisitively. But the other lady was equal to tbo emorgenay, and quietly re sponded, " At the parsonage." A fobuu.. iaehionablo visitor thus ad dressed a little girl : " How are yon nqw, my dear?" " Very well, thank yon," -woe the reply. The visitor then added : "Now/my- dear, yon should ask me how 1 am." ' The girl eimply and honestly' replied :'"'X 'don't want to know." ; 