THE MENACING EYE. A Shobt DeiEomr Stokt. CHAPTER I. NOT LIKE OTEJEK 6HOSTS. "I believe you're a ghost-hunter," said Nick Garter, the famous detective, at we lighted onr eigars after luaoheon. " You know it," was my reply. " I'd rather see a ghost than any live man on earth. But, somehow, I don't have any luok." > "Here's a chanos for you. It's a case I've been asked to take, and I positively haven't the time." •< What a^e the faots I" Edwartl Hamilton, son and heir of the late Robert Hamilton, who, by the way, wss a highly cultivated gentleman, and at the same time a crank of the first water—Is having a lot of trouble in his father's house at Wantagh, on Long Island. " He and his wife inherited most of ths money, I believe. There was another son, but he seems to have been left. " Mr and Mrs Hamilton are living in the house where the old man died. It seems that the wife has been suddenly stricken by a disease' whioh threatens to make her a hopeless, bed-ridden invalid. "Hamilton is terribly grieved by that, and is in suoh a nervous state, that it is hard to get a straight story out of him. He was at my house this morning. " The net result of my questions was the belief that somebody is trying to frighten him with the ghost racket, "He won't tell me what he's seen,but, from the effect upon him, I judge that it must have been something unutusl, and the work of a clever trickster. '•Now, the punt 1s ben: I can't go down there on .ohanoes ; I haven't time to spare. Bat if you'll go down and look the ground over, I'll agree to help you out if the affair gets too exciting for you." «I'd like nothing better,'' was my prompt response. " Til go down this evening. Any spunal instructions 7 " " I haven't sny instructions," he replied, " but I have a word of caution. Don't fool with this business. Remember that there ia a good deal of money in the Hamilton estate, and this ghost work must have some bearing on It. Nfiw, if a gang down there ia playing for high Btskes, they'll probably take long ohanots, and if you get in their way, yon're likely to get hurt." "I shoot fairly well, Niok; thanks to your instructions," said L "How about somebody <elre getting hurt I" "Well, that looks reasonab'e, too," he said,'" and I shonld muoh prefer it to be thi t way." We parted, and I went on my way rejoioing, Ths job promised no «nd'of fun, and in spite of Nick's warning, I couldn't see any bloodshed in it However, when I was reoeived by Mr. Edward Hamilton that svening in the large and shadowy parlor of his late father's residenoe, there was an exoellent 'six-shooter in my pistol-pocket. Ur Hamilton was a man of distinguished appearance; He was tall and slender, and his fape was well chiseled, but exoesiively thin. A glance at him showed the disturbed condition of his mind. "I am very glad to see ycu," he said. Mr Garter was afraid he wouldn't be able to do anything for me. " I am in desperate trouble. I have just lost my father, my wife is hopelessly ill, are serious and perplexing complications in my father's affairo, now of oeurse In mr charge; and lo oap all this, I am tortured by a mystery whioh positively has natural txplanation." " Mr Carter prnparod ma to hear something of this kind," I said, *' but he did not explain the nature of the strange manifestations which "have disturbed you." He spent some time in thought. At last. said: I believe that it will be better for me it to attempt to desoribe what I have soen. are reasons why I ihonld "prefer to give yon the opportunity of en. an experience similar to mine. " I am fat from trusting my own observe, and judement. I am in a highly nervous condition, as a result of anxiety loss of sleep. It may be that this horror is only an hallucination. At any rate, I am anxious to compare your observations with my own. I want yon to osoupy to-night the room where I bave slept—or, rather lain awake—for the last four nights." "That is exactly what I was about to suggest," I replied, "but I would add that no person but ourselves should know of this. You will assign me a room, and it will be understood in the housa that I am here sb a physician whose opinion yon have desired regarding your wife's illness. - When we have both gone to our rooms, in the eight of one of the g-rvanis if possible, we will, with the utmost eaorecy. change abint" Mr Hamilton agreed to this, and we said nothing more about the supernatural side of the affair. I aBked him certain questions concerning his father's estate, and elicited only one fact that Beemed at all nnimual." The testator, in hie will, had mentioned a sum of money which nobody had been able to find. The will stated that a memorandum regarding it would be fonnd in I the late Ur Hamuton'e private drawer in his safe. No such memorandum was there. Tne son was of the opinion that the money mentioned, whioh had been withdrawn from a shaky bink at the time of the late panio. had been subsequently deposited elsewhere, sni that a record of that transaction would be discovered in his father's aooovnts, which were being examined by experts. The amount was one hundred and eight thousand potmds, the odd thousands being in gold and the bulk in notes. While I immediately oonneoted this mystery in my mind with all the net of the trouble whioh Mr HamUfcon had had, I was by no means able to eiplnin the relation that they bore to eaoh other. It we s possible that Mr Hamilton was concealing something from- me [ that he knew where the mon*y was, and to whom he should rightfully pay it, and that the ghcstlywork was being made ta awaken his conscience. I did not subject him to any croes-questioning. The fact is, that ha was so nervous that I was afraid he would go orasy before my eyes. We epent a most melancholy evening in each other's eooiety, and west to onr rooms about ten o'clock. Several times during the evening he had visited the apartment where lite Hamilton lay sick. That room was -separated from his only by a dressing-room. The whole fonneda suite el which the room where Mr Hami'to" had slept had been the etudy. It seeas that his father had been a student and as author. I though'J that onr exchange of rooms was managed very <devedy. I did not believe that anybody saw as. No sooner was I in the room whioh Mr Hamilton had oooupied, than I nude a careful examination. Tha doors were ransnally hesvy, and of course I locked them both, and secured Hke keys in nidi s manner that no one oonld gain entrance by means ot nippers. , I oould discover no eecret entranoe. It was a sornsr room, and therefore, of coarse, there were two exterior walls, though one of them did not run the entire length of the apartment. J ^ r e » room adfoising it at that point whioh I did^iot cxplore, bafcthere was absolutely no mwn' of oommtmicaiioa between it and my own, except through the halL When J. had finished my examination, I was really disappointed. The exjKrienoe promised to be like » many-otherantterly devoid of any unusual feature. When I Tar down to rest injhe ny markaUy large and luxurious bed, 1 nan ao mors idea of being disturbed during the niebt by any supernatural visitor than I h^Tof waking op to find myself in the ^However, I had a revolver in the drawer of a little stand near the head of 'my bed, *na It was seady-ior instant service. Attar lying awake for about an hour. wonderinK pom iftm Kbv^waW, be so sore of a cordial weloome, I dropped' into a sound sleep. I was awakened by something which touched my face. My isDpcession, as I started up in bed, was that a draught of' odd air had blown npon me. Then I was conscious of a sound, couldn't describe it; every one knows the rustle and murmur whioh indicate the preaanoe ot a human being—parhaps I would batter say, several human beingB, for there seemed to be noises in various quarters of the room. This was promising. I was quite gratified to perceive indications that something was going to happen. Very gently 1 leaned over and put out my hand toward the place where the little stand had been. It was not there. I was not nearly so muoh gratified by this oocurreiioe as.I had been by what had preceded it. I suddenly began to want the pistol very much. I was on the point of leaping oat of bed, when, euddenly, through tne absolute darkness a flue, bright ray of light shot exs.oUy into my eyes. For an instant I was completely dazzled. Then the ray almost faded, and instead of it I saw something tfia£ scared me worse than I was ever ecucd before, or ever exptot to be again. Right in the middle of the darkness then was an eye. It was like a human oyeMiough much distorted and dreadful in its expression—but it was nearly a foot insibmeter! There it Etood, without bodily surroundings, without a single virible member tu keep it company. It shone upon me with a dre&dtul; intensity impossible t» desoribe. It shone by its own light. And it wse alive, for, as^I gsajd upon it, the lid slowly opened wider, the pupil contrasted, the glare of the great and anfu. objict became brighter and more menacing. CHAPTER II. A. SHOT IK THE BABE. I supposed that I was going to ecreus load enough to be heard at the other enu of Lake Chaplain, but, in reality, 1 ssarcelymade any noise at all. My voca. .organs were beyond doing their ordinary service, but ay limbs were active, anu they got me out of bed in the hundredth part of a Beconi. In fact, I came out tax test, for 1 hit the floor on all fours, and fell sprawling. "With all the power I could summon 1 sprang up, but, before I could get upon my feet, I reoeived a terrible blow on the bac* of the head that prostrated me. I had no sensation of losing consciousness or of coming to my senses again, yet 1 must have been stunned, for when at last 1 got upon my feet I was some distance from the spot where I had fallen Indeed, I had passed entirely around the bed. I was confused in the darkness, and stumbled "»bjut for fully half a minus* before I could find any matohea. The room was'absolutely dark; the dreadful eye had vanished. I lighted the gas at last, and looked about me. Therewas no sign that anybody had bean in the room, My first glance turned towards the spot where the eye had appeared. It w*b tne end wall oi the room. As nearly as I oould figore it out, and I couldn't have been very far out of the way, the eye had appeared jost between the two narrow windows at that end of the roam. I went over there and examined tbe walL It was perfectly eolid. I raised the heavy curtain from the window, and took note again of the thickness cf the walL It was not more than nine inches. Evidently, nobody oonld have gotten op inside of it and exhibited the object which I had seen through some secret panel. . In short, after the most careful eaarc'a «»»«•• I could mtke throughout the room, 1 was completely at a los3 to account for the phenomenon. Any trace of superstitious feeling which I may have had when suddenly awakened, had vanished Mii the light, and with my fuller consdoueness. It was a trick surely, but the best one that ever I had seen. That the whole affrir had not betn an hallucination was proven by a most painful oontr; sion on the back of my head, which required immediate attention. Having done what I oould to reduce the swelling ani still the pain, I went back to bed,'but I notavsd one thing—the stand with the pistol in the drawer was right there where I had left it, and the wsapon had not been tampered with. It must have beea a clever man who had taken that thing away and put it back again, and then got out ot the room without making any noise. I also had an excellent opinion cf the individual who had floored me. His fist must have been as bard as iron, and his arm like a giant's. I was not disturbed again that night. Mr Hamilton was waiting for me in the breakfast-room when I came down, and he eoanned my faoe anxiously. " Not altogether a quiet night," I said, trying to speak cheerfully. *' One or two things a little unusual have happened, but I guess they are readily explainable. Ton havs tricksters at work here, but I *M»tlr there is no cause for serious alarm." The baok of my hesd did not acquiesce in this statement. There was a feeling of uneasiness in that looality, and it protested against my determination to pass another night in that apartment. Mr Hamilton approached me with a ghastly faoe. " Did you see the eye?" he whispered. "Yes, I saw it," I replied, "and a mighty bad eye it was; too. It would be interesting to know how it was done, and in_e very ahort time I'll know it." '"Breakfast is served, sir," said a voice, and, turning, I perceived a very < English foutler in the correct oosttuaeof his calling. "Wouldn'tit be better," whispered Mr Hamilton, as the butler moved ever toward tiie table, " if we simply moved ont of this house and let the mystery take care of itself ? I own that I'm unequal to it. My nerves won't stand any more of that. The next that eye looks at me I shall go raving mad." He continued in an even lower voiee : "You wouldn't believe it possible that I oan trace in that monalroos and terrible kpparition a 'distinot resemblance to my father's eye, yet suoh is the fact. It is the isame oolor, and—I oan't desoribe it to you, but, believe me, that that is the hardest part of it all for me to bear. Oan it be that in the secret design of nature there lies the possibility of appeal to ns from the dead 1 \- "I grant you that it is impossible to oonbeive of my father's desiring to menaoe us in suoh an appalling manner, but may it not be that our senses misinterpret and distort the visions granted to us by a higher power i—that we see only the grotesque and terrible, and fail to recognise our 1 visitant or apprehend his meaning i' I was in no mood for a metaphysical discussion. I wanted to get at the man who had tricked me into childish terrior, andhad then struck me down' from behind like aoeward. Something of this feeling I allowed Mr Hamilton to peroeive, for I thought that a touch of -plain, every-day, human vengefulneas -might be the best oure for his superstitious fright. My intentions were food, but the results are na. The fact that l had seen-what he had seen was enough for him. He oonld no longer attribute the virion to an hallucination, Two men do not' dream the same dream, nor cheat themselves with the same imsginary spectacle. : Mark his shrewdness in not telling me what he bad eeen. Had he done so, there taught have been a possibility that his sugtion had worked upon my mind to the Sent of making me im^M that terrifying eye in the darkness. 1 attempted to do a little detective worl Uist day, and made rather a failure of it. I examined the room again by daylight, land learned nothing, ' I had fancied that there might be some MobOifr that tins apparition wat "T^ ftl ^y yH^^iy IfH magjr fMPMMp wm imam ixnon WW.fSV the wall. but, in tiie first place, the eye had not seemed to boas far away as the wall; and, in the second place there stood at the end of the room an open book- shelf, and above it hung a large oil-painting. It. would not have been possible to throw an imare upon bo rough a surface with any distinctness. I was forced to abandon the idea. I questioned the servants. Then were seven. Four of them had long been in the late Mr Hamilton's service. Ths ether three, itminding the butler, a stable man, and an upstaiis girl, had recently been engaged by Mr Edward Hamilton. I utterly tailed to oonnect them in anj way wits the mystery. Their object to me was utterly beyond a guess, suppoiing them to be guilty. 1 pass at once to my seoond night in the haunted room. On this ocoaaion the pistol was under my pillow, and one of the gaB jets in the room was alight, but with so Bmall a flame that it did not even cast a glow upon the heavy shade by wnich it was surrounded. I had carefully arranged it so, in order that I might have a light at once in case of an emergeney. For a considerable time I lay revolving! the main points of the mystery in my mind. I had catis&ed; myaelt that it -tner& were Becret ingress to my room, it must be'' from the .dreesing-room adjoining Mrs Hamilton's apartment. To suppose that she had anything to do with the affair was preposterous. She was muc^ too ilL i had Beep ber during the day, and had alked with her ^physician, upon whom 1 believed that I had suocesBluIly passed myself oft as a member of his distinguished (irofession. He apptared to be considerably alarmed about Jtis ir^tmifrM^nlHinngh he did not expect her to die within a short time. Her case was peculiar and. interesting, requiring constant attention. He remained with her himself most of the day, «nd'there was a nurse in the room all night. l'h&t; anybody should be able to get into the dressing-room-wiihont alarming either che invalid or the noise, could hardly ba believed. The nurse was she whom I have referred to as an ttp-slairs girl, recently engaged. She seemed intelligent and honest. It she saB concerned in the nefarious business whioh was going on in that house, I was prepared-to be muoh astonished when I found it out. I think that I had reached about this point in my reflections when I fell asleep. £ made no special effort to keep awake, knowing well enough that the tricksters would wake me up when they got ready. And they did. The same cold breath passed over my faee, and up I jumped. I was looking for that eye. It did not immediately appear, and I own to a feeling of relief, It is impossible to make the reader understand what a dreadful thing that waB to look at. It waa like nothing else that ever I have encountered iu the domain of the gruesome and ahooking. There was suoh a terrible meaning—ao muoh malignity, and suoh a eenae of sll-powerful intelligence. Well, it didn't appear at once. I sat there, listening to the wind that howled moat dismally about the house, for it waa a fearful night, with a cold, driving rain mingled with aleet. The house trembled, and the branohea of a tree growing near it beat npon^be corner. And yet, in all this tumult, I distinguished those faint sounds of a mysterious presenoe in the room. I sprang ont of bed, and in an instant had turned the gas full on. Nobody was there. I decided to wait awhile in the light, .and clambered back into bed, for the room was somewhat oold. There I sat, looking anxiously about, until at last I nearly gave up the idea of another visitation, at least while the light was burning, and was on the point of putting iteut. • • . I was spared the trouble. The flame gradually faded, shadows gathered in the corners of the room, and at last darkness, absolutely black, closed about me. Then oame that blinding flash straight into my eyes, and it waa instantly followed by the apparition of the eye, more menaning and terrible than before. I waa tempted to shoot straight out, but was restrained by a resolution that I had made to wait and see whether some new manifestation easier to solve would not be given. There was none. The eye regarded me steadfastly for a period which I estimated then at about two nighta and a half; it may have been only minutes- Then it vanished, and in an instant I raised my pistol and fired exactly in its direction. I heard the bullet etrike, and something fall. It was not a heavy fall like that of a human body, but it was sufficient to show that I had not altogether wasted my lead. I leaped out of bed, and endeavored to light tha gas. My matches would not burn. They had been wet. There were others in the pooket of a waiitooat hanging over a chair. I rnBhed towards the spot where I supposed it to be, and fell headlong over a human body that was lying on the floor. It was a very bid fall, and I did not get on my feet as rapidly as if I had hit a bed of down instead of a very hud floor. But certainly not more than half a minute elapsed before I had regained my feet, and had found the waiscoat over the chair, though it eeeopd to ba in a different place from where I had put it. I lighted a match, and looked around. There was no body on the floor, yet I knew aa surely as that I was then alive that I had stumbled upon a human bting, living or dead. I touched a match to the gas jet, and the flame leaped up. The room waa just as it had been when I retired, except that the upper shelf of the book-case between the windows was shattered by the htavy bullet from my revolver, which had struck it edgewise. Two books of considerable size kad fallen to the floor from the splintered ehelf, rnftVitig the sound which I heard. What had become of that mysterious being whom I—when my feet touched him —would have eworn to be the victim of my shotf There were several amazing things besides that. Ttere was the phenomenon of the gas, the matohea that wouldn't burn, -aad my as to the. chair oa which my waistcoat hung. Instead of being out ot place, it was exactly where I had left it when I had went to bed. (To bt continued.) 