THE SPANISH ARMAIA. THE CONCLUDING SCENES. The Armada had been ostentatiously a religions crusade. 'The preparations had been attended with peculiar solemuities. In the eyes of the faithful it was to be the exeon. tionof Divine justice on a wicked princess and a wicked people. In the eyes of millions whose convictions were lees decided it was an ap peal to God's judgment to deeide tetween the Reformation and the Poye. The Spaniards were experirncedsailors; a voyage round the Orkneys and round Ireland to Spain might be tedious, but at that season of the year need not have seemed either dangerous or difficult. On inquiry, how ever, it was found that the condition of the fleet was seriously alarming. The provisions placed on board at Lisbon had been found unfit for food, and, almost all had been thrown into the sea. The fr a'storie taken in at Corunna had been consumed, aind it was found that at the present rate there would be nothing left insa fortnight. Worse then all, the water-casks re-filled there had been oarelessly stowed- They had been. SHOT THROUGH IN THE FIGHTING and were empty; while of clothing or other comnforts for the cold regions which' they. were entering no thought had been taken. The mules and horses were flung overboard, and Scotch smacks which had followed the retreatingfleetreported thattheyhadsailed for miles through floating caresses. The rations were reduced for each man to a daily half poundof biscnlt, spint of water aad a pint of wine ;Thuee. sick"' and ,hungry,' the wouipded lois°t liecr oda.mdcl officer'w "wo` wentfr '.hi 'ij;l sbjeate ' of so ' maty prayers .were left to encounter "the climate of the "'Nortk .Atlantio. They passed the Orkneys in ad single body. They then parted, it was said in 'a fog, but each com. mander had to look out for himself and his men. In many ships water must-be' had somewhere, or..they' would die. The San Martin, with es'xty consorts, went north to the sixtieth parallel. From that height the pilots promised to take them down clear of the coast. The wind still clung to the west, each day blowing harder than the last. When they braced round to it their wounded spars gave way; Theiriigging parted. With the greatest difficulty they made at least sufficient offing. and rolled dclown somehow out of sight of land, DIPPING THEIR YARDS IN THE ENORMOUS SEAS. Of the rest, one or two went down among the Western Isles and became wrecks there, their crews, or part of them, making theirway through Scotland to Flanders. Others went north to Shotland or the Faroe Islands. Between thirty and forty were tempted in upon the Irish coasts. There were Irishmen in the fleer, who must have told them that they would find the water there for which they were perishing, safe harbors, ant a friendly Catholic people; and they found either harbors which they could not reach or sea-washed sands and reefs. They were all wrecked at various places between Donegal- and the Blaskets. .Something. like eight thonusand half-drowned wretches STRUGGLED ON SHORE ALIVE. Many were gostlemen, richly dressed, with velvet coats, gold chains and rings. The common sailors and soldiers had been paid their wages before they started; each had a bag of duna's lashed to his wals. when he landed through the surf. The wild Irish of the coast, tempted by the booty, knocked unknown numbers of them on the head with their battleaxes, or stripped them naked and left them to die of the cold. On dne long 'sand strip in Sligo ad English officer counted _ t. ELEVEN HUNDRtED ~BODIES "'1 "and he heard that there were as many more a few miles distanit. The better. educated of the Ulster chiefs, the O'Rourke and 'O'Donnell, hurried down to stop the butchery and spare Ireland the shameof murdering helpless Catholic friends. Many--how many cannot be said-found protection in their castles. But even so it seemedas if some inexorable fate pursued ah who had sailkd in that doomed expedition. Aloizo de Leyva, with half a hundred young Spanish nobles of high rank who were under his special charge, made his way in a galleass into KIiillibeg. He was himself disabled in landing. ODonnell received and took care of him and his companions. After te mainina in O'Donnell's castlo for a month he recovered. The weather appeared to mend. The galloaess was patched up, and Do Loyva ventured an attempt to make his way in her to Scotland. He had pissed the worst danger, and Srcotland was almosl in silght ; but Fate would have its viutilmse. The galleass struck a rock ofl Dinluce and went to pieces, and Don Alonzo and the princely youths who had sailed with ilim were WASHED ASHORE, ALL I)EAD, to findan unmarked grave in Antrim. Most pitiful of all was the fate of those who fell into the hands of the Euglish 'garrisons in Galway and 'Mayo. Galleons had found their way into Galway Bay; one of them had roached Galway itself, the orews half dead with famine, and offer ing a cask of wine for a cask of water. The Galway 'towniseen were human and tried to feed and care for them. Muot were too far' gone to be revived, and died of exhaustion. Some might have ri covered, but recovered they would be a danger to the State. The English In the West of Ireland were bhut" a handful in the midst of a sullen, half-'onauered popu lation. The ashes of the Desmond rebel lion were still emoking, and Dr Sanders andhis Legatine Commission were fresh in immediate memory. The defeat of the Almada in the Chatinnl cosld only tIave been vaguely heard of. All that Eiiglish'offlcers could have ncourately known must have been dhat anieonrmouas expedition had 'been 'sent' to England by Philip to restore the Pope; 'amV'Spaniards. they fcnud, were laading inthousands in the midst of thenm with arms nsa money.; distressed for the moment,0bnt sure, it allowed time to get their strength again, to setOonnaught in a blaze. They had no fortresses to hold so many prisoners, no mean, of feeding them, no men to spare. toescorttisem to Dubliu. They were respon 'iblei 'to the Queen's Government for the safety of the country. The Spaniards had not omoe on any errand of mercy to her or hers. The stern order went out to KILLiFIRUtALL. wherever they might he fosund, and two thou and or more were shot, hanged,' or put to the swsrd. Tue 'sixty ships whichhad followed the. Son Martin succeeded at last in getting round Cape Clear, but in a condition, scarcely iease ualcrable that that of their tompanions who. had perished' in' Ireland.. EHalf their companies died--died of untended wounde, hungeir, thirst and famine fever. The asr vivore were moving skeletone, more shadows and ghosts than living men, withis'arce etreneth" left thens. to draw a rope or handle atiller. In some ships there was no water for fourteen days. The wasther in the lower latitudes lost partof its violence, or not one of them wqnld have seen Spain again As it was, they drifted on anttide Sainly and into the Bay of Bisasy, and in thle second week in September they dropped in one by one. The power of heroulito; a now ex plosive, is almost beyond belief. A half pound of it will move thirty tons of stone. 