PATTERSON-STREET CHURCH. Rev. E. S. Bickford, the general secre tary of home missions, [Victoria, conducted the morning service at Patterson-street, when there was a good congregation. At the conclusion of the second lesson the rev. gentleman made a few remarks on the subject of the special services held that day. He said that during the last 20 years the Methodist Church in Tasmania had grown 140 per ce?dr., and when asked how this had been brought about he would answer " By the home mission societies." Many of the people to whom those missionaries were sent were very scattered and very poor, many of them not even possessing the ordinary conveniences of life, while the missionaries themselves were most .self denying, the preacher giving an instance of a man engaged in this work who, after paying for his board, clothing, and similar necessities, had not £10 a year left. The results of their efforts wcre, huwever, most precious, and work like this was one that ought to have a very strong claim upon their gener,,ity, and not only that but have their prayerful sympathy. M?r Bickford selected as the text for his sermon Acts xi., 22 23: "And they sent forth Barnabas, that he should go as far as Antioch; who when he came and had seen the grace of God was glad, and exhorted them all that with purpose of heart they would cleave unto the Lord." The world in which they lived, said the preacher,was one of surprises-surprises in the church and in the state, so much so that it was a well known saying that "it is the unexpected which happens." History was full of surprises, and the text was one of them. There had been a grat religious revival in Antioch, an important and wealthy city of some 60,000 inhabitants, and Barnabas was sent to enquire into it. When he arrived there he saw the grace of God in the city. He found that public atten tion had been arrested, and that the gospel of Christ was the sole topic of conversation. The public mind was altogether occupied with this one topic and this one thing. Who had done this P A mere handful of des pised fugitives had turned that city upside down. Poor and despised they had brought unto Antioch a power which had moved that city from its centre to its utmost bounds. They felt it their duty to proclaim Jesus, and they did it courage ously and without fear. And so there was what was styled a great revival in religion. Their Methodist forefather8 would have said of it that "the work of the church had broken out and that sin was breaking down." That was the sort of revival they wanted. He was afraid there was too much anxiety in regard to what he would call the "outsiders." Let the insiders be right, he said, and the out. siders would very soon be brought to God. The preacher proceeded to empha. sise the importance of every con vert being given something to do, however small, in order that he might bring testimony to the Master. It was the duty of the. church to do this, because if each in turn refused the convert would likely set up for himself. He referred in eulogistic terms to the splendid work of the converts referred to in the Bible who became home missionaries, and set to work to spread a knowledge of the Gospel. This was the answer to those who asked" Where are the masses ?" By .the means he had referred to the masses would soon be found. In the Scriptures the laity had always been to the fore in the aggressive work of the church, and in later history laymen had done good work. There were many who preferred to'stay at home and find fault, and who seemed to think they could manage both the state and the church; in fact to many of these a whole colony would be nothing to manage. But, said the preacher, it was a good thing not to see everything and not to hear everything in life. Like Nelson they should have a blind eye. This wouldcause people to rise superio.r toall considerations ofseetandbecomelarge. hearted, broad-minded, and big-souled. They should seek to be delivered from a spirit ef narrowmindedness; but they should also mind not to go to the other extreme. It was all very well to broaden, but they must always deepen at the same time. He deprecated "flirting" with all kinds of work, and argued in favour of preaching up what they did believe in rather than preaching down what they did not believe in. In conclasion, he said 'he great need of the Methodist Church was a gracious and mighty baptism of the Holy Ghost. When that came they would have surprises. He earnestly prayed for the bestowal of that power, without which they were as weak and impotent as babes. The sermon was attentively listened to. Rev. E. S. Pickford preached again in the evening to a very large congregation. The subject of the preacher's sermon was " A sower went forth to sow," and he gave a practical and forcible discourse, dealing with the ground upon which the seed fell, from which many useful lessons could be drawn. The total amount of the collections at morning and evening services was .£22 10s. 