Prayer for Rain. To THE EDITOR. Sir,---The question now under discussion in your columns as to the efficacy of prayer for rain is of vital importance, for it really involves prayer in general. I will, therefore, beg some space in your excellent paper to reply to the objections of Mr John Tebbutt, published in your issue of the 12th inst. It may save time and use- less controversy to point out at once that the Great Creator to whom we pray can alone instruct us as to the nature and subject matter of prayers He will receive and reward, and such instruction the Almighty has given us in the Holy Scriptures. The mind of God on this and other doctrines of the Christian faith can be learned from no other source whatever, and Mr Tebbutt will, I hope excuse me in frankly and respectfully declaring that the objections, tests, and imaginings of him- self or of Professors Huxley and Tyndall are not of the slightest importance in deciding this matter There are as Mr Tebbutt knows, great elementary principles guiding researches in astronomy, and personal fancies or objections to the contrary would be ridiculous. If, for instance, the con- demnation laid on Galileo for asserting the diurnal motion of the earth were laid on Mr Tebbutt for a similar belief, he would resent it as presumptuous ignorance ; yet Mr Tebbutt makes a display hardly better when he denies the divine principles of prayer, proposes absurd tests as to its efficacy and with the air of a scientific Goliah challenges clerical Davids as persons of dwarfish intellect " whose theological minds are so readily satisfied." and who are represented as stupidly following "blind faith," while that superior person, the scientist, marches on in the blazing splendour of "reason and experiment." This general fling at a class of men liberally educated, and whose ranks have always been adorned with noble intellect, and numbered scientists such as Clarke and Dollinger, is very unjust and quite unworthy of Mr Tebbutt. Prayer is set forth in the Word of God as the means of obtaining divine help in every distress. "In everything by prayer and supplica- tion ... let your requests be made known unto God." Phil. 4 Chap, 6 verse. Our Lord's Prayer begins " Our Father which art io Heaven," \---and if a " Father," surely we may expect he will hear and help his children in trouble. " Call upon Me in the day of trouble and I will deliver thee," Provs. 50, 15 verse. The Lord's Prayer continues \---" Give us this day our daily bread," and may we not ask for rain to produce it ? " Deliver us from evil" -- -and may we not pray far the removal of drought as an ' evil' ? Solomon, whom even Mr Tebbutt might allow was as wise as a " scientist," though with a " theological mind," requested of the Almighty that the prayers of the Jewish nation for rain might be granted ; and such prayers were answered. 1 Kings, 1 Chapter, 35 verse. Ps. 107, 35 verse. Now, as the Divine Ruler governs on immutable principles of eternal equity and goodness, and graciously answered prayer for rain in the olden time, will Mr Tebbutt tell us of any Scriptural reason why such prayer should not be offered and answered now. We want ' reason' in the light of divine revelation---not 'blind,' sceptical objections of Science, falsely so-called. We must not allow Mr Tebbutt to misrepresent believers in prayer for rain as ' opponents to science' Science means truth ascertained ; so there is astronomical science, and ' theological science, viz, ascertained truth on these subjects ; and truths of all kinds, however diverse, cannot be in contradictory opposition. So the " theological mind" despised by Mr Tebbutt is just as ' scienti- fic' as the astronomer's while it stands by 'ascer- tained truth' ---Scriptural truth. Not content with scriptural authority for such prayer being heard, Mr Tebbutt wants some 'test' applied. There were persons in the days of Christ who also demanded some extra 'sign', but they were not commended or encouraged to press the mat- ier. So far as we know, in every instance of pub- lic prayer for rain in this colony, the rain has soon followed--and in the latest instance within twenty-four hours. Mr Tebbutt incredulously asks did the prayer bring it then ? Well, it looks rather like it. We are told to knock at God's door by prayer, and it shall be opened to us Matt. 7ch.,7ver. If Mr Tebbutt were invited by a friend to visit him, and on knocking at the door his friend opened it, Mr Tebbutt would not doubt admit it was in response to the knock. That very natural conclusion is ' reason' ; but if the theologi- cal mind applies the same logic to prayer, and draws the same conclusion---it is only ' blind faith' \---that, and nothing more---at least, so says Mr Tebbutt. The ' test' proposed by Mr Tebbutt must, in its extreme irreverence, shock everyone posses- sing religious instincts, or even sentiments of decent Propriety. The Bible condemns the spirit and letter of any such presumptuous dictation, and teaches we should pray for all mercies, humbly deferring to Almighty wisdom and love as to when and how the benefit implored shall be bestowed. Man at the best is ignorant as to what in the end is wisest for him. The All-seeing and All-knowing. God alone can judge. Had prayer for rain in the days of Elijah been early offered on the condition ot instant supply, the moral reformation of the people would not have been effected as it was at a later period. Prayer was doubtless made from the time the drought began, but in devout sub- mission to the divine disposal, and God answered when most good could result. Finally, Mr Teb- butt offers a very peculiar ' test' as between science and prayer, and be evidently thinks " the theological mind is readily satisfied" if it will be likely to accept. It is that an astronomer shall " predict" an eclipse as to the exact time of its appearance ; and, on the theological side, that prayer shall be made with a " time condition" for its fulfilment which, it as exactly realized as predictions of eclipses are, then the scientific mind might deign to be satisfied. Columbus, we are told, once worked of a way of this kind with con- siderable success, but it was with ignorant heathens who were not aware that the ' prediction' was really no more mysterious nor occult than ' pre- dicting' when the next moon will appear. Mr Tebbutt's test is a soft thing indeed for the mighty man of science to cypher up, and label it with the pompous title of a ' prediction.' While he imposes on the theologian the impossible task \---and impious withal---of divining now the in- scrutable mind of Infinity will deal with a mor- tal's prayer, Mr Tebbutt cooly makes this pre- posterous one-sided proposal, and gravely assures us that he at any rate is guided by ' reason.' His magnificent test is as if an urchin who is on good terms with himself were to propose to another of whose abilities be nourished a mean opinion, to prove their relative smartness thus. The former would ' predict' how many beans would make five and count them correctly ; while the other was to 'predict' what his father would do when he would request him to bestow a half-crown and bestow it at once. The latter would indeed be a 'Simple Simon' to attempt his part of such a test \-- with the obvious result of a sound spanking for his impudence ; and Mr Tebbutt is likely to dis- cover that the " theological mind, so readily satis- fied," will wait for some other suggestion more sensible. It is almost impossible to take Mr Teb- butt seriously, or make serious reply to proposals absolutely grotesque ; but this is a matter of supreme importance to suffering, dying human beings, who instinctively call on God for help in extremity, and whose last consolation as " the world recedes and disappears for ever" is prayer. Let me very earnestly beg Mr Tebbutt, who is much esteemed as a citizen and for scientific services, to study the question---not in a dilettante spirit-but in the light of personal and Infinite mercy. I am, &c;, J A WADDELL. Parsonage, Sackville. To the Editor. Sir,---Your recent issues have contained several somewhat lengthy letters on the above subject, and, after having carefully perused I them, I may perhaps be allowed to express the opinion that the letter of Mr Tebbutt is by far the best, and treats of the question in an honest, fearless, and manly spirit. It is a delicate subject to discuss, and he has treated it as its nature deserves. " It is not customary," be says, "for the scientific man to appeal to BLIND FAITH (the emphasis are mine), in matters of this kind," and I would go further and say that it is not honest or logical to connect recent effects (the late rains) with previous supposed causes (humiliation and prayer !). Such connecting ot two events is too arbitrary to be seriously entertained for a single moment. It may serve to evade an awk- ward problem, but will certainly not carry conviction to the mind of a sane person. I am not a modern Thomas Didymus, neither am I an human automaton. To-day, to some extent, mankind thinks for itself, and as science and civilisation progress this independence of thought and judgment will make itself more apparent than ever, and when that time arrives the ministers of the gospel must keep step with the march of enlightenment or be left in the ruck! In the olden days the Church was mighty, and held sway over the land. And in the olden days the people were ignorant and superstitious. Thus, the power of the Church and ignorance marched hand in hand, but as education improved, these two separated, and will continue to do so unless something more sensible than blind faith is put forward to answer the curious problems that a wondering humanity are daily endeavouring to master. Leaving the argument at this point, al- low me to turn ray attention to " Jack Blunt," who writes in your last issue. This is how that learned anonymity preludes his wandering epistle of frivolous redundancy upon so profound and sacred a question as to what extent God answers the prayers of mankind : " The religious instruc- tion you ' humbly' offered especially to the Clergy of the Hawkesbury will, I fear, disappoint you in its results. One of them ' humbly' advises that for the present you confine your teaching to showing your grandmother, or any other inex- perienced person, how to absorb the contents of an egg by suction at a small hole in the end there- of. This, I opine, would at least be harmless if the egg be fresh." Then again---" All you say amounts only to contemplation. If you ' pray' ' into the regions of departed spirits' you worship, as the Chinaman, worships, the ghosts of his an- cestors, and the clergy of the Hawkesbury will, I suspect, be slow to adopt the Paganism of the Mongolian cabbage-trotter." What a mixture of absurd nonsense. What dignified language in which to clothe so great a question. Take notice, also, of the serious philosopher who speaks to you. Let Jack Blunt demonstrate in a clear and logical manner why there is anything more wonderful in much needed natural rain following the prayers of humanity than in the hundred and one coinci- dences that come before one's notice daily ? So far, he has proved nothing. His letter teems with assertions, and bristles with clumsy word-jugglery \---the whole being relieved by dashes of rhodomon- tade and hyperbole. If our friend is a clergy let him reveal the nom-de-plume under which he masquerades and insults 'Omega,' and I predict that an inevitable shrinking of his stipend will be accounted for by the supreme disgust of his as- tonished parishioners. Yours, &c;, STRAIGHTWIRE. To the Editor. Sir,--- I have no desire to follow Mr Barnett in his general remarks on the efficacy of prayer. The subject in hand is, as he knows, prayer for rain. He tells us that predictions ot eclipses of the moon belong to the natural world, but that prayer for rain belongs to the spiritual realm, and that the latter lies quite beyond my limited knowledge or astronomical control. Whatever region prayer for rain may belong to, it is quite certain that rain itself is just as natural and material as the moon and as much under the control of natural law. Rain phenomena are therefore as much within the sphere of legitimate inquiry as are the motions of our satellite, and so also are the causes, whatever they may be, which modify them, if, then, prayer really influences rain phenomena, and I am sure I have nowhere dogmatically declared that it does not, the scien- tist has a right to demand the proofs without fear of being regarded as presumptuous, or of being pelted with epithets. Mr Barnett's illustration of Mr Tebbutt and the beggar is not at all to the point. When I bestow a gift on a beggar he has both ocular and auricular demonstration of the fact of my giving. The request, the grantor, the grantee and the thing granted are too ob- viously connected to leave room for doubt. Can the same be said of a shower of rain which comes alter a prayer ? When Newton suggested univer- sal attraction as the invisible force which held the planets and satellites in their orbits he did not content himself with the bare assertion, but he furnished proofs of the most varied ana satisfa- tory nature. As, therefore, the phenomena of rainfall are within the province of the scientist, I simply ask for the proofs that they are influenced by prayer. If the proofs be given I shall be only too glad to take note of such a modifying cause. Mr Barnett, however, tells us with some show of authority that no signs shall be given to satisfy my curiosity. Seeing that be is not the Director of the universe, or even his Privy Councillor, I rather marvel at his dogmatism. At all events, I must hug my scepticism till the sign be given. Mr Barnett has, however, demonstrated the hope- lessness of his position by stating that the method of verification suggested by me is utterly impos- sible. I was under the impression that be believed all things were possible to the prayer of faith, from the blasting of a physical fig-tree to the moving of a physical mountain. Perhaps it is his faith that is defective. I have no objection to the phrase " the sun stood still" as a bit of ancient poetry, but I certainly place it in the same category with " the struggling moonbeam's misty light" of the poet who gives us a description of the burial of Sir John Moore. Any competent as- tronomer will tell you that in the "dead of night" on January 16-17th, 1809, the moon was below the horizon, and therefore did not shine on the burial scene of the great hero. Such is our know- ledge of celestial mechanics that if we only knew the year, day, hour, and minute when the great Hebrew general is represented to have given the order to the sun and moon to stand still we could assign the places of these heavenly bodies within errors which could not be detected by ordinary spectators, and what is more we could show that ob- edience to the order would have resulted in the inst- ant destruction not only of Joshua's enemies, but of Joshua himself, his army and indeed of the whole human race. Poets and painters are really as- tronomers, and they have no great scruple about throwing the solar system into disorder for the sake of a little emballishment. I freely admit that there exists no parallel between the days of Elijah and the age in which we live, but I do not admit that there is no need of a sign. In the time of the great prophet the world was held in the swaddling bands of superstition and the signs were many and doubtless satisfactory, but now it has emerged from the cradle of ignorance and its knowledge of natural phenomena is wonderfully extended. As a consequence it has abandoned many of its infantile notions and now demands satisfactory evidence that natural phenomena are produced by supernatural power at the request of man. When the world was a child it spoke as a child, it understood as a child, and it thought as a child, but now that it bas become a man it has put away many childish things. Comets were at one time prayed against by good Christians, but now that science has disarmed them of their terrors and shown that they move in accordance with law such prayers have pretty well ceased. This good result is in no way due to ecclesiasticism but to the noble efforts of a succession of persecuted scientists. The glorious " Principa" of Newton, which is now read in every University was once a heretical book. When our knowledge regarding the phenomena of rain is much more extended than it is we may reasonably expect that prayers for rain will generally cease and that we shall have recourse to the more philosophical method of providing in times of plenteous rain for the times which are correspondingly deficient in the precious element. In conclusion my suggestion was not made to ' test the genuineness of God's generosity' but to test the unsupported dictum of those who assert that rain is sent in answer to prayer. JOHN TEBBUTT. The Observatory, Windsor, October 21st, 1895. 