NEW PROBLEMS. 11.370. ProBy Versified Charade, by tbe DXan in the Moon:— " O, for an hour of peaceful sleep and rest— A welcome respite from this ceaseless pain !"— Exclaimed an invalid, and thus expressed My .first and second; then he sighed again. But, "mark me!" as Hamlet's ghost said to his bewildered son, as that instant Dr. Strang — who was a skilful whole as wall as a successful physician—having just left the dissecting-room. Dr. Strong entered his weak patient's room, and having exhorted him to be patient, said— " Your pitiful repining I have heard, And from your sufferiug hope to give you ease." 'And thus he gave expression to my third While promising recovery from disease to his impatient patient, " who sighed and looked unutterable things," as some one, somewhere, somewhen, somehow sing*. And then to Dr. Strong's no small surprise. The invalid exclaimed. "My fears are past; The clouds and mist have vanished from my eyes," And saying this he plainly spake my latt. 11.371. Charade, by Amateur. —The first second third was active as many a youngster, and he possessed whole accamplishments. 11, .172. Diglot Charade, by Tutor.— "First si mandata loquatis aut dormitaboaut vide bo." We agreed that I should send ap an English last, that whatever the island could yield should be delivered at a reasoaablo rate.— EALEIGH. "If their barking dog disturb her ease. Xh' unwarrantable total is arraigned." DETDEN. 11.373. Gems of Poetry, No. CLXXIX., arranges as an Alternatine Literal Puzzle, to be restored to its original reading :— r 1 SE D 0 N L S AWSIXN srst RHr ittivis S O N E N I D CKID8 UI TIT D E O IHOEBETLPT EOEAEHNFEH T E liiSSSE DWHAATE A E U LE.ELJO TTARYKB W S SIISKOS SCI ERSHHDTPI I s o A IIDPKO IIOEIZ I H N T A K O DESWED AIN KT t CKSNNS R * EALDEtH 11.374. Rhyming Numerical Acrostic, by M. L. Holthouse— My first exists in katchet, net in saw; My seeond is in witness, not in law; My third is found in banjo, not in drum; My fourth is in your finger, not in thumb; My fifth is in your heart, your brain, and UTW, My total iB a European river. 11.375. Shaped Problem, by Tchthus:— 1\. A disorderly crowd; a rabble. 5\. Mother of pearl. 3\. A pungent vegetable condiment. i. An anagramma.ic word formed from GO OF CAT. E. Aversion, distaste. 6\. A household utensil, a kind et shrub. 7\. A number. The middle letters read downwards form the same as No. 4. 11.376. Enigma, by Artisan.—I am a snb«tance existing plentifully in the forest, yet I am invisible as oxygen gas, impalpable as a vacuum, inodorous as a block of marble, and r. J .st«Ieea as distilled water. Decapitated I am a kind of chest. Curtailed £ am a symbol of musical notation, a belt, a stop, an obstacle, an embankment, part of an oven, a plr.ee where justice is dispensed, a rod of iron, and a body of lawyers. 11.377. Arithmetical— Jones was born March 19, 1846, and his wife was born July 17,1S4S. They arrived in the colony January 10, 1869. On what date will their united ages be double what they were when they lauded ? All correct answers to the above received b-fore Tuesday. September S, will be acknowledged September 7. 