1 ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. A SOLJLOQnY. TBfMofokb.V, : When the gold lace and feathers had gone,;! and the men who wear them had done like wiso, when the corridors and commifctee^ooms ; . were deserted, and the silence which followeth ' Prorogation had set in, ;I wandered thought fully among the empty benches thinking of the ghosts of slaughtered innocents. I looked into the refreshment-room and noted thedeso- i lotion there, showing that' the departing I M.P.'s had taken aH the -bar had to give while they had the chance, i knowing they might never again enter the precincts of the edifice devoted -to per- j Banalities and bluff. I was about to leave the bar when I fancied I saw a shadowy form j pensively walking towards the entry of the Assembly-room. Looking more closely, ( dis cerned features strongly resembling many of the members of the late Parliament, but the likeness was so general that it was difficult to say whether Labour members, -Country Party, Opposition, or the Ministry predominated; there was a little of each, some line, some shadow, or some trick of expression Boomed to suggest at least one of almost every shade of j opinion. I followed the apparition into the , chamber, and watching and listening intently heard itgive vent, after striking an attitudoof thoughtful sorrow which would havo done credit to Irving in his representation of Cardinal Wolscy, to the following soliloquy:— Farewell, a long farewell to all my greatness. This is tho state of man; to-day he puts forth Tender leaves of promise to electors, To-morrow blossoms out a full M.P., And bears unblushingly bis honours on liim, The third day comes a general election. And when ho thinks, good easy man, full surely His greatness will become a-ripe, and soon he, Being re-elected, will attain honours Of office—a nipping frost sets in among lliose who before were warm for bis support, And be gets left, as I wilL I have dallied, Like small boys dirty-faced, who fly their kites On changing breeze, now pulling in the string, blow letting the whitc-wingM lifeless seronawl Drift where it. will, knowing full well, if but The string snaps not, back to him may again be drawn Hie errant toy. So hare I played my game, and Loosed or tightened the string, as seemed to me Best served the interest in which I stood— My own. Out of my misfortunes let others Take a lesson for their good and for the State's, Fling away desire for office by that sin The best of mankind, ere now, have favour lost. Lore yoor own interest last, so that the State, To which yon stand pledged upon your sacred oath, May have the best of you. They who honestly And with pure purpose oppose your views, love them; Self-serving winneth not more than honesty. Still cany 011 thy tongue words of gentle peace. To still tnc quarrelling of other men, And not thyself mix up in unseemly squabbles. Let ail the Bills thou tryest to pass be those Whereof the passing may better make the lot Of all, and not thine own particular class. Then, if thou art not re-elected, the fault Is in the electors, not within thyself; And thou wilt not have need to cry as I do, "Had I served my constitu'nls with half tho zeal With which I served myself, I should not now so Tremble at the thought of next election time. My hopes within these walls to longer dwell Are gone for ever—Parliament, farewell I" 