SONS OP- FIRE BY MISS BRADDON. , ALB RIGHTS ItESERVED Th'o entail ended in his own person, I BO he was free to dispose of his property a r, he liked. He left my mother tenant for life; and he left me five hundred a year, chargeable to his estate, which in- come was only to begin when I came of age. Till my one-and-twentleth birthday 1 was dependent upon my mother for every thing. "I told myself that I had to cut out id path in life, and that 1 must be the architect of my own fortune. "My mother's income, under her mar riage settlement, was considerable, and this, in addition to a rent-roll of between two and three thousand a year, made her :t rich woman. "Assuredly I was not in a position to make an Imprudent marriage, siuce my power to maintain a wife and family in accord with my own Ideas of a gentle man's surroundings must depend for a con siderable time upon my mother's liberality. 1 had made up my mind to go to the bar, and I knew how slow and hazardous Is the road to success in that branch of the legal profession; but far nearer than mere questions of interest was the obligation which filial love laid upon mc. My mother had given me the devotion of years, had made inc the chief object of her thoughts and her hopes, and 1 should be an ungrate ful wretch if I wore to disappoint her. I know, alas! that upon this very question of marriage she cherished a project that it would distress her to forego, and that there was a certain Lady Emily whom 1 was intended to marry, the daughter of a nobleman who had been my father's most Intimato friend, and for whom ray mother had a greater regard than for any of our neighbors. "Knowing this, and wishing with all my heart to do my duty as a son to the best of mothers, I could but echo Martha's solemn words — " 'It would never do.' "No. 'It would never do/ The seraphic voice, the spiritual countenance, the ap pealing helplessness, v/hich had so moved my pity, must be to inc as a dream from which I had awakened. Esperanza's fate must rest henceforward with herself, aided by honest Martha, and helped, through Martha, from my purse. 1 must never see her again. No word had been spoken, no hint had been given of the love which it waa my boundeu duty to conquer and forget. 1 could contemplate the inevitable renunciation with a clear conscience. "1 worked harder In that term than I had worked yet, and shut my door against all the allurements of undergraduate friends, and all the pleasures of university life. 1 was voted churlish and a muff; hut I found my hooks the best cure for an unhappy love; and though the image of Miss Campbell was oftener with me than tho learned shade of Newton or the later ghost of Whewcll, 1 contrived to do some really good work. "My mother and I wrote to each other once a week. She expected me to send her a budget of gossip and opinion, and it was only this term that I began to feel a. difficulty in filling two sheets of note-paper v/lth my niggling penmanship. For the first time in my life 1 found myself sit ting, pen in bund, with nothing to say to lay mother. 1 could not write about Es- peranza, or the passionate yearning which 3 was trying to outlive. I could hardly expatiate upon my mathematical studies to a woman who, although highly culti vated, knew nothing of mathematics. I eked out my letter as best I could, with a labored criticism upon a feeble novel which 1 had idly skimmed in an hour of mental exhaustion. "1 looked forward apprehensively to my home-going in December, fearing that some change in ray outward aspect might betray the mystery of my heart. The holi day, once so pleasant, would be long and dull. The shooting would afford some re lief, perhaps, and I made up my mind to tramp the plantations all day long. At Cambridge I had shirked physical exercise; Jit Suffolk I would walk down my sorrow. "A letter from my mother, which reached me early in December, put an end to these resolves. She had been somewhat out of healt.li all through November; and her ..local medical man, who was old and passe, had only tormented her with medicines which made her worse. She had, there- lore, decided, at Miss Marjorum's earnest desire, upon spending my vacation In Lon don; and Jebson, her trusty major domo, had been up to town, and had found her delightful lodgings on the north side of Hyde Park. She would await me not at Fendyke, but in Connaught Place. "Conuaiight Place — within less than an hour's walk of Great Ormond-street! My heart beat fast and furiously at tho mere thought of that proninqnD.y. Martha's latest letter had told me that all attempts at finding a situation for my protege had so far been without result. Martha nnd her charge had visited all the agencies for the placing of governesses and com panions, and no agent had succeeded in placing Esperauza. Her education was far below the requirements of tho least exact ing employer. She knew very little French, aud no German; she played exquisitely, but she played by ear; of the theory of music she knew hardly anything. Her father, an enthusiast and a dreamer, had filled her with ideas, but had taught her nothing that would - help Iter to earn a living, " 'Don't you fret about her, Mr. George,' Wrote Martha. 'As long as I have a roof over iny head, she can make her homo with me. Her bite and sup makes hardly any difference in the week's expenses. I'm only sorry, for her sake, that she isn't clever enough to got Into a nice family in some pretty country house, like Fen- dyke. It's a dull life for her here — a back parlor to live in, and two old people for licr only companions.' "I thought of the small, dark parlor In tbo Bloomsbury lodging-house, the tinkling old piano, the dull, grey street; a weary life for a girl of poetic temperament reared in tho country. That life of Martha's, and tho fact of being within an easy walk of Great Ormond-st., brake down my resolution of the last two months. I called upon Martha and her charge on the morning after I left Cambridge. I thought Esper- air/a looked wan and out of health, and could but mark how the pale, sad face flushed and brightened at sight of me. We were alone for a few minutes, whilo Martha interviewed a butcher, and I seized tbo op portunity. I said I feared she was not al together happy. Only unhappy in being a burden to my friends, she told me. She was depressed by finding her own usclcss- jioss. Hundreds of young women were earning their living as governesses, but no 'on© would employ her. " 'No lady will even give me a trial,' she Baid. 'I'm afraid I must look very stupid.' " 'You look very lovely,' I answered hot ly. 'They want a commoner clay.' "T implored her to believe that she was no burden Lo Martha or to me. If she -could be content to live that dull nnd joyless life, she was at least secure of a safe and re spectable home; and if she cared to carry on her education, something might be done J11 tho way of masters; or she might attend nomo classes in Ilarley-Htreet, or else where. "She turned rod and then pale, aud I saw tears trembling ou her long auburn lashes. " 'I am afraid I am unteachable,' site faltered, with downcast eyes. 'Kind ladies at Besbery tried to teach mo; but it was 710 use. My mind always wandered. I could not keep my thoughts upon the book I was reading, or on what they told me. Miss Grimshaw, who wanted to help me, said I was incorrigibly idle and atrociously ob stinate. But, indeed, it was not idleness or obstinacy that kept me from learning. I could not forco myself to think or to re- jnember. My thoughts would only go their own way; and I cared for nothing but music, or for the poetry my father used to read to me sometimes of an evening. I am dfarakl Miss Grimshawe was right, and that I ought to.be a dressmaker.' "I glanced at the hands which lay loosely clasped upon tho arm of the chair In which she was sitting. Such delicately tapering fingers wore never meant for tho dress maker's workroom. The problem of Espcr- uHxa s life was not to bo solved that way. "I did not remain long 011 this first morn ing; but I went again two days afterwards, and again, until it came to be evory day. Martha grumbled and warned me of my oanger. and of the wrong done to Esperau za. if I were to make her care for mo. " 'I don't think there's much fear of that,' added Martha. 'She's too much in the clouds. It's you I'm afraid of. You and 1 know who mamma wants you to marry, don't us, Mr. George?" "I could not gainsay Martha upon this P'linf. Lady Emily and I had ridden the name rocking-horse; she riding pillion with Iv-r anus clasped round my waist, while I urged the beast to his wildest pace. Wo had taken tea out of the same toy tea- things — her tea-things— and before I was fifteen years or age my mother told mo that she was pleased to sec I was so fond of I-knily. and hoped that she and I would be hurbaml and wife some day, in the serious fuiuro, just as we were little lovers now in tho childish present. "I remember laughing at my mother's .speech, and thinking within myself that Emily end J hardly realised my juvenile Idea of lovers. The romantic element was entirely wjuuing in our association. When 1 in"-?'1 Lady Fr.'lly later to Gerald tihiuuish. I remember I describs:! her as 'a ' mi ' 1 ' 1,'jni.i" im good eort,' and discussed her excellent qualities of mind and temper with an unom- bu rni.se ed freedom which testified to a heart that was at peace. "I fedt more mortified than I would have cared to confess at Martha's blunt assur ance that Esperonza was too much in the clouds to care about me; and It may be that this remark of my old nurse's gave Just the touch of pique that acted as a spur to pas sion. I know that after two or three after noons in Great Ormond-street I felt that I loved this girl as 1 could never lovo again, and that henceforward it would be impos sible for me to contemplate the Idea of life without her. The more fondly I loved her, the less demonstrative I became, and my growing reserve threw dust In the elderly eyes that watched us. Martha believed that her warning had taken effect, and she so far confided In my discretion as to allow me to take Esperauza for lamp-lit walks in the Bloomsbury squares, after our cosy tea- drinking In the little back parlor. The tea-drinking and the walk became an insti tution. Martha's rheumatics had made walking exercise impossible for her during the last month. Benjamin was fat and lazy. " 'If I didn't let the poor child go out with you, she'd hardly get a breath of fresh air all the winter. And I know that I con trust you, Mr. George,' said Martha. " 'Yes, you can trust me,' answered I. "She might trust me lo breathe no word of evil Into tho ear of her I loved. She could trust me to revere the childlike in nocence which was my darling's highest charm. She could trust me to be loyal and true to Esperanza. But she could not trust me to be worldly-wise, or to sacrifice my own happiness to filial affection. The time came when I had to set my love for Esper anza against my duty to my mother and my own Interests. Duty and interest kicked the beam. " Ob, those squares! those grave old Bloomsbury squares, with their formal rows of windows, and monotonous iron rail ings, and stately doorways, and clean door steps, and enclosures of trees, whose black ened branches showed leafless against tho steely sky of a frosty evening! What groves or streams of paradise could bo fairer to us than those dull pavements which we paced arm lu arm in tbo wintry greyness, telling each other those thoughts and fancies which seemed in their Intui tive sympathy to mark us for predestined life-companions. Her thoughts were child ishly expressed sometimes; but it seemed to me always as if they were only my thoughts in a fomlnlno guise. Nothing that she said ever jarred upon me; and her igno rance of the world and all its ways suggest ed some nymph or fairy reared ln the seclu sion of woodland or ocean cave. I thought of Endymion, aud 1 fancied that his goddess could have been scarcely less of the earth than this fair gin who walked beside me, confiding In me wiLh a childlike faith. "One night 1 told her that I loved her. We had stayed out later than usual. Tho clock of St. George's Church was striking nine, and In the shadowy quiet of Queen's Square my Hps met hers In love's first kiss. How shyly and how falteriugly she confessed her own secret, so carefully guarded till that moment. " 'I never thought you could care for a poor girl like me,' she said; 'but 1 loved you from tbo first. Yes, almost from the very first. My heart seemed frozen after my father's death, and your voice was the first that thawed it. The dull, benumbed feeling gradually passed away, and I knew that I had someone living to love and care for, and think about as I sat alone. I had a world of new thoughts to interweave with the music 1 love.' " 'Ah, that music, Esperanza! I am almost jealous of music when I see you so moved and influenced by it.' " 'Music would have been my only con solation if you had not cared for me,' she answered, simply. " 'But I do care for you, and I want you to be my wife, now, at once — as soon as we can be married.' "I talked about an immediate marriage before the registrar. But, willing us she was to bo guided by me In most things, she would not consent to this. " 'It would not seem like marriage to me,' she said, 'if we did not stand before the altar.' " 'Well, it shall be a church then; only we shall have to wait longer. And I must go back to Cambridge at the end of this weok. I must get an exeat, and come up to London on our wedding day, and take you home in the evening. I shall have a quiet home ready for my darling, out of the way of dons and undergraduates, but within a walk of Trinity,' "I explained to her that our marriage must be a secret till I came of age nexL year, or till I could find a favorable oppor tunity of breaking tho fact to my mother. " 'Will she mind? Will she bo angry?' asked Esperanza. " 'Not when she comes to know you, dear love.' "Well uk I knew iny mother's character, I was infatuated enough to believo what I said. Where was tbc heart so stony that would uot warm to that fair and geutlo creature? Where the pride so stubborn which that tender influence could not bend? "I put up the banns at the church of St. George the Martyr, assured that Martha's rheumatism and Benjamin's lethargic tem per would prevent either of them attending the morning service on any of the three fateful Sundays. If Martha went to church at all, she crept there in the evening, after tea. She liked the gaslights and the even ing warmth, the short prayers, and the long sermon, and she met her own class among tho congregation. 1 felt tolerably safe about the banns. "Had my mother been in good health, it would have been difficult for me to spend so many 0/ my evenings away from home; but the neuralgic affection which had troubled her in Suffolk had not been subju gated by Dr. Gull's treatment, and she pass ed a good deal of her life in her own rooms, and lu semi-darkness, ministered to by a lady who had been a member of our house hold ever since my father's death, and whose presence had been the only drawback to my home happiness. "This lady was my mother's governess — Miss Marjorum — a woman of considerable brain power, wide knowiedgo of English aud German literature, and a style of pianoforte playing which always had the effect of cold water down my back. And yet Miss Mar jorum played correctly. She introduced no discords into that hard, dry music, which seemed to me to havo been written express ly for her hard and precise finger tips, bony knuckles, and broad, strong hand, with a thumb which she boasted of as resembling Tbalbcrg's. In a difficult and complicated movement Miss Marjorum's thumb worked wonders. It was ubiquitous; it turned un der and over, and rapped out sharp stac cato notes In the midst of presto runs, or hold rigid semibrcves while tho active fin gers fired volleys of chords, or raced tbo bass with lightning triplets. In whatever entanglement of florid ornament Liszt or Tbalberg had wrapped up a melody, Miss Marjorum's thumb could search it out, and drum it into her auditors. "Miss Marjorum was on the wrong side of 50. She had a squat figure and a mascu line countenance, and her voice was deep and strong, like the vojee of a man. She dressed with a studious sobriety In dark cloth or In grey alpaca, according to the seasons, and In the evening she generally wore plaid poplin, which ruled her square, squat figure Into smaller squares. I have observed an affinity between plain people and plaid poplin. "Miss Marjorum was devoted to my mother; and antagonistic as her nature was to me iu ail things, and blighting as was her Influence upon the fond dream of my youth, I am bound to record that she was conscientious lu carrying out her own idea of duty. Her idea of duty, unhappily, included no indulgence for youthful im pulses, and she disapproved of every in dependent act of mine. "My evening absences puzzled her. " 'I wonder you can liko to be out nearly every evening, when your mother is so ill,' she remarked severely, on my return to Connaught Place after that glimpse of paradise in Queen Square. " 'If I could be of any use to my mother by staying nt home, you may be sure I should not be out, Miss Marjorum, I re plied, rather stiffly. " 'It would be a satisfaction to your mother to know you were under her roof, even when she is obliged to be resting quietly In her own room.' " 'Unfortunately, my mathematical coach lives under another roof, and I have to accommodate myself to his hours.' "This was sophistication; but It was true that I read mathematics with an cx-senlor wrangler in South Kensington every other day. " 'Do you spend every evening with your coach?" asked Miss Marjorum, looking up suddenly from her needlework, and fixing me with her cold grey eye. " 'Certainly not. You know the old saw — "All work and no play " ' " 'And bow do you amuse yourself when you are not at South Kensington? I did not think you knew many people in Lon don.' (To bo continued.) 