[continued FROM saturday's issue.] [all rights reserved.] NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. SIR JAFFKAY'S WIFE, By ARTHUR W. MARCHMONT B.A., Author of "Miser IToadley's Secret, "Parson Turing's Secret," etc., etc. CHAPTER XXIIL 'Her Ladyship, Sif J affray.' For some time after the police inspector's departure neither Sir Jaffray nor Beryl spoke a word, both being overcome with astonishment at the hints which Inspector Borderham had dropped, Beryl was the first to speak, and, character istically, took the blame upon herself. ' It is my fault,' she said. 'Oh, Jaffrav, I am so sorry !' ' No, no, Beryl, I can't let you blame your self. I ought to have seen what would cer tainly happsn; though, now that it has happened, I am bound to say that I am taken absolutely by surprise. Who can possibly have noticed that the thing3 were absent for a time, and then put backAt most there can only have been a few hours during which they could be uracil. 'I wonder,' ho cried, and then stopped and exclaimed : ' that is too dreadful a thought!' ' What is that V asked Beryl, anxiously. •Can it be possible that anyone can have seen \ Lola take that dagger out of the cabinet?' ! ' I had not thought of that. It can't be I possible. Even if she did take it, she would surely be cautious not to be seen.' ' IEV he repeated ; ' if ? I wish with all my heart I could feel that if. What I fear is that in the frenzy in which she must have acted, she would be utterly heedless of anything and anybody ; and not give a thought to the ques tion whether she was seen or not. But that is not the point now. I am mad with myself for ever having brought your name into this mo3t miserable affair. The thiog has been bruited all over the kingdom now, and to draw back' seems as difficult as to go on.' ' Why not go through with it ?' asked Beryl, firmly. ' Because we cannot. It is a sheer impos sibility. So long aB there was no question asked, and the weapons remained to speak for them selves, there was no serious responsibility. Heaven knows, I had no intention of.doing any thing wrong. I know your object. Beryl, well enough, and I cannot tell you hov,' inexpressibly grateful, I am to you for it. But we have been wrong. We have tried to set the honor of our] family before the truth, and now we see the result. I have tried to shield my poor mis puided wife, and I've sacrificed you instead. I've been miserably selfish, just when I ought to have been most careful to guard you.' ' I think you blame yourself without cause, Jaffray. I am not one bit ashamed of what I have done. I would stand up to-morrow in the face of all England and tell what I did ; and i what is more, I would do it again to-morrow, i And I don't believe the bulk of people would i blame me. If they did, I should not care,' she added, flushing in her enthusiasm ; ' if I had helped you.' 'Spoken like my dear, dear old friend and playmate, Beryl,' he said, taking her hand, and pressing it. ' You brace one's faith in human nature ; and I believe with you that the world would not blame you for what has happened. But that would only make my responsibility the greater. But now, there is no use in regretting I must find out what we can do.' ' Do you think really that Mr. Borderham has had that letter ?' ' Unquestionably I do, and, what is more, he means us to understand that he will act upon it if I make it necessary for him. I will go to the inquest and hear what transpires, and then I will have a talk with Gifford. I must speak plainly to him.' , ' He knows,' said Beryl. ' How do you mean asked the baronet, quickly. Beryl told him what Mr. Gifford had said to her about the absence of dust on the dagger, and the significant way he had spoken. Sir Jaffray listened with a gathering frown of regret and annoyance. ' Borderham may have suspected it even then, he said. ' Those men don't carry about faces like open books. I'll speak to Gifford and see what happens at the inquest. Meantime, try i to think I am really and honestly troubled to have brought this on you.' He stood for a moment near her as if going to say more, and Beryl, thinking this, did not reply. But he said nothing, and at the close of a somewhat embarrassed pause he went out of the room, just turning by the door to smile to her. She was a little puzzled by his conduct, and with a frown of perplexity on her forehead she sat for a minute or two thinking of it all. Then she smiled to herself very slightly and murmured ' I'm glad I did it. Whatever happens they can't do anything very dreadful to me, and jaffray must see I did it for his sake.' Then she went upstairs to Lady Walcote's rooms. At the inquest everything went as Inspector Borderham had anticipated. He offered just such evidence as he thought necessary, and the Coroner summed up the case on the evidence presented. One juryman was disposed to question the desirability of not going into more of the facts, but the other eleven, who had been drawn carefully from the Walcote estates, took their cue from the foreman,and declared them selves perfectly satisfied, and gave their verdict in the exact terms the Inspector had prophesied that they would. 'And now,' said the Inspector to Mr. Gifford and Sir Jaffray, when it was all over and the court room was emptying fast, • now begins the serious business of the investigation. ' You're had some anonymous letter, I hear, 'he v.tapon,' said Mr. Gifford, to whom the baronet lad already spoken. ' Do you mind iny seeing it?' 'Not in the least. Here it 13, ' and he pro duced it. 'You see the suggestion,' he said, pointedly. ' And a most monstrous one it is,' exclaimed Mr. Gifford, ' a most monstrous one. I suppose you haven't a ghost of an idea who wrote this?' ' If I had I am afraid I could hardly tell you, Mr. Gifford,' was the reply, given with a srr.ile. ' But I have not. Iam thinking where to look.' 'So am I,' returned the other, shortly. 'Who is there owes you a grudge, Sir Jaffray? A Miss Leycester, or, for that matter, Lady Walcote either. Hate of some kind imspired that letter.' ' I am at a loss even to guess,' replied Sir Jaffray. ' May I take a tracing of a bit of the letter. Mr. Borderliam and without waiting for per mission, Mr. Gifforddid so, rapidly and cleverly, and handed the letter back to the Inspector, and then Sir Jaffray and the private detective walked back together to the Manor House, the baronet explaining more fully . all that had passed. ] ' What do you think of it, Mr. Gifford!' he asked, at the close. I can't see it all yet. But I have a suspicion. I think the better plan will be to hold out agaiust the Inspector's hint at any rate for a time. It's clear enough what he means. What he wants is to be spared the trouble o£ having to solve the mystery of the weapon, and some body seems to want to help him. Who's that somebody ?' ' I can't imagine.' Exactly, neither can I—at present. But we must find that out. In the first place is it a some body at all, or is it just a dodge of our friend Borderham's ? If he bad a ghost of an idea that anything of the kind had been done, it's all on the cards he'd gel such a letter written to himself, just to bounce us into throwing that trump card down on the table. It stands to common sense that he'd give a lot to get the difficulty of that dagger business cleared up ; and if he could show that it really was Lady Walcote's dagger and not Miss Leyccsters, it would be a good enough thing for him to conclude that Lady Walcote was the person wanted, And don't make any mistake, that Inspector would give half his nose to spot the truth in this thing. I never saw a man keener. He scents promotion in it, re moval to a busy centre, and reputation as a clever spotj I mean, detective. I know him.' ' His manner was in the highest degree cour teous to me,' said Sir Jaffray, in reply. ' 'Cause he's no fool,' was the blunt answer. ' He wants to stand well with you, and if any thing is to be found out that will pain you, to have it seem to be forced out. But he's quite clever enough to try and use you all the same, Sir Jaffray. You see he argues in this way. If there's been any exchange of these daggers he can frighten you to go running off to your solicitor in the fear that you may be involved as some sort of accessory—' ' Do you mean,'began the baronet, hurriedly, taking alarm for Beryl's sake at the other's words, and bursting in with his interruption. ' Wait a moment", sir, please ; and try and hear what I have to say. He wants to frighten you to go rushing off to tell some very respect able steady going solicitor all the facts, know ing full well that such a man's first advise will be to you to take Borderham's hint and make the change again while the chance seems open—' ' If there is any possibility—' interrupted Sir Jaffray again, when his companion cut him short once more. ' Please, please, please, allow me, and do try to hear me patiently. If you do that. Border ham will not hesitate one minute. Ho'll be off to the nearest J.P., and get a warrant for Lady Walcote's arrest. At present he has absolutely nothing to go on, bar the fact of her ladyship's absence, and the circumstance that there was a quarrel ou the morning of the day about her, as the result of which you turned the Frenchman out of the house. That's all the evidence he's got, because we've got all the rest; and at the best, it's only mere flimsy suspicion. But add the fact of the dagger found in the man's heart being the property of her ladyship, and you have just that substantial evidence on which a man can work and act. You see that V 'Yes, yes. Of course,'assented the baronet, hurriedly. 'Exactly. Well, then, if it's bounce, it's clear that you had better not give the thing away yet. But I'm not disposed to think it's bouncs. I believe he did receive a letter.' ' Well, but who could send such a thing ?' 'Precisely. We'll see about that presently. First, let us see what we ought to do in this matter, supposing the letter's genuine. What can he do 1 He won't threaten you. He knows better than to do that for personal reasons. If you were a poor and obscure in dividual, aud if Miss Leycester were a wretched frif nd!e3s girl, nothing would be easier than to take you both by the throat, so to speak, and just shake the knowledge out of you. There's no difference between rich and poor in the eye of the law, you know, but there's a deal of difference between 'em in the hands of the police, I can tell you,' said Mr. Gifford drily. ' As it is,' he continued, after a pause, ' the Inspector comes to you, all soft-tongued and pleasant; hints that if you've been hoaxed you may wish to see that the thing is put right, and so on. I know oil that sort of talk, and putting it bluntly, it means that so long as you don't speak, he daren't try to make you unless —unless, mind you, he can get some definite positive evidence. You needn't bother your self one little bit about the thing yet, there fore ; but when he comes, as he will, of course, you can just say that you wouldn't think of doing anything, because some skulking coward has written as au anonymous letter wiiat a newspaper penny-a-liner might hint for the purpose of getting up a sensation. And if— excuse me giving you a hint—if you'll put on a little grandee manner, and tell him you are surprised he should let himself be fooled by an anonymous correspondent, you may do a good deal to check him.' 'This is all very distasteful to me, Mr. Gifford,' said Sir Jaffray, after he had thought over the other's suggestion. ' I've no doubt it is, Sir Jaffray,' returned his companion, shortly, ' but the .alternative is an immediate warrant for Lady Walcote's arrest on the charge of murder.' ' But I object very strongly to any course that entails this deceit and falsehood. I have no right to put this indignity upon Miss Leycester. If she were questioned ' ' She'd be quite equal to keeping Mr. Border ham at bay,' interposed Mr. Gifford, bluntly. ' The world isn't a palace of truth, sir ; and if we have to have a nodding acquaintance now and then with the father of lies, it needn't hurt us. But, of course, you can do as you like; only if your going to do this, I may as well go back to town.' ' But what do you expect to gain by keeping up this thing now that it is suspected 1' ' Time, Sir Jaffray, which is everything. Let us put the thing plainly to Miss Leycester. I know what she'll say.' Sir, Jaffray assented to this, and Mr. Gifford went over the whole ground witli Beryl, telling her precisely what he had told the baronet, and leaving her to decide. Without a moment's hesitation she decided in favor of standing by what they had done. 'Idon't like the deception, Beryl,'said Sir Jaffray at the close. 'When Mr. Borderliam comes to question you, you will be placed in a most awkward fix. But I will do this. I will consent to saying nothing for three days ; no longer. 'Then, whatever happens, the facts shall be told.' It was left so, but there was no need for even so long a delay, for the next day brought a start ling development. The Inspector came in the morning, and by his desire saw Beryl and Sir Jaffray together. Mr. Gifford was present. ; I wauo you tu understand my position exactly, Sir Jaffray,' he said, quietly and deferentially. 'I told you yesterday of an anonymous letter which had been sent to me saying that tho dagger alnd bracelet had been put in the places where we four found them 1 after the death of the Frenchman. I have now ' had another letter which says that when Miss I Levcoster called here on the day of the dis covery she drove hurriedly home and back iaain, and that before she went she had had an interview with Mr Gifford here, who had told you of the discovery of the dead body and had given to you part of the bracelet, the rest of which I myself brought here. I am not able to answer tho questions involved either one way or another, but I am sure you, Sir Jaffray, and you Mies Leycester, and you, too, Mr. Gifford, indeed, will see the gravity of the matter and of my position, and will wish to give an explanation.' 'Before anyone answers such a charge we should know the person who makes it,' said Mr. Gifford. ' I know no more than I tell you,' replied the Inspector. ' And I am most painfully placed. I do not see how I can act otherwise than as I am doing.' ' Supposing it should turn out that there has been some mistake of the kind, what would you have to do, Mr. Borderman?' asked Sir Jaffray. 'In the absence of Lady Walcote, I should have but one painful duty,' he replied. 'And that?' ' To take means to find her and to ask an explanation of this most compromising series of coincidences.' A long and painfully embarrassing silence followed, in which all four sat thinking closely. At the end, Sir Jaffray rose and pushed back his chair, and in a voice broken with emotion he said, ' You had better do so, Inspector, let the consequences be what they may. The truth must come out. God help her.' Then another silence aa painful as the former followed. In tho midst of it a commotion was heard in tho large hall outside, and the door of the room was hurriedly opened. 1 Her ladyship, Sir Jaffray,' s?id the servant, and Lola, looking very pale and worn, but very determined, come in. Sir Jaffray sprang towards her with a cry of pleasure and gladness. 1 Wait,' she said, stopping and drawing back from his outstretched arms, ' first let the whole truth be told. I have come back now to tell it.' {To be continued next Wednesday.) 