HIS GHOSTLY WIFE. CHAPTER I. < There is real love jest as there arc real ghosts ; every person speaks of it, fen- persons hive seen it.® — La Rochefoucauld. Five o'clock tea was in fall ewine at Ijoshiogton Court Women in delicate- hupd tea-gowns and severe tailor-built rooks, and men in pink were scattered in little groapa about the fine old hal', which, with its blazing yule log and cosy old-fashioned window-seats, formed an ideal spot for this most social meal of .1 . J T t- . — 1 xl a f toe un)'. it woa u buiib wab uvea in. Riding whips, cigarette cases, newspapers, driving-gloves, work-baskets, and French novels, littered Hie oak tables. A long sable boa had been bong by an irreverent hand on the head of a mail-clad figure ; an enormons St. Bernard lay stretched at its ease on the tiger-skin rng before the open fireplace j and the perfume of violets from San Remo mingled with the more material fragtance of tea and battered toast. It was the twenty-fourth of December, and a congenial parly of guests bad assembled together to spend their Christmas nnder Sir Guy Lnsh- iogton's hospitable roof. The condiments in the social salad were well mixed, which is not invariably the case ou these festive occasions, and one sod all were in some measure pos- sessed of the qualifications which society in this century demands from her derotees. Well-dressed, well-bred, some good-looking, others amusing ; and the majority well supplied with the three penny bits of conversation, if somewhat lacking in the solid gold pieces. Does anyone know what the new mtn is like F demanded a pretty little woman in a French-looking tea-gown, as the took ber cap from Charlie Lueh- iogtoD. 1 Yes,' drawled the languid fair-haired rife of a popular dramatist. ' It is as nil to be acquainted with the carte du itvs. One might find oneself iuvolved in irkward situations.' 1 As Rose Trevor was the other day ilen she inquired so tenderly for Lord Bkckmore'a wife,' put in the first faker with an irresistible little langb. ' This fellow has got a wife, at any at?. I can tell yon that mncb,' marked Charlie Lushington from his (tuition at the baok of Urs. Gwyn's diir. ' He is some sort of connection « distant cousin of oars too,' he added ; 'hit I don't know where the relation- dip comes in exactly.® 'In that case, be is above suspicion,' aid Mrs. Stapleton,tbe dramatist's wife, demurely. ' Is be good-looking, Charlie 1' die inquired with a faint show of interest. Charlie reflected. 'It is so difficult to know what women call good-looking. There is plenty of him, in height at least, and — well, he is rather fairish and — I don't bow what colour his eyes are.' ' You need not ssy another word,' mlaimed Mrs. Gwyn mischievously. 'Your description leaves nothing to be deeired. I see him before me.' ' He is a cousin of mine too, then,' aid a voice from tbe other end of the ball, and a girl in a trim gown of blue serge, a mass of golden brown hair, laughing hazel eyes, and a Dresden- china complexion, joined tbe circle round the fire. 1 A cousin's a different thing, ' quoted Mrs. Stapletou. 1 Something tells me, Rose — we ail have our inspired moments, you know — that this young man, so graphically described by Charlie, will prove to be your fate.' ' Rubbish,' remarked Miss Trevor with more brevity than politeness. 1 ' I lore my liberty too well to relinquish it to any one,' with a little toss of her dainty head. ' It is marriage tbat bestows liberty,' murmured Mrs. Gwyn from behind tbe peacock feather fan she was nsing as a screen. 1 It has its compensations, my dear, I assure yon.' 'It should,' replied Rose emphatically, 'to atone for its numerous drawbacks.' There was a general laugh. ' Ah, Rose,' said Lady Lushington, patting her young coosin on the shoulder, 'You will tell a different story some day, and Ralph Dalston would be a very good master to teach yon your lesson.' 1 Talk of an angel,' marmnred Charlie as the sound of carriage-wheels were beard coming up the drive. 1 Here he is.' well, 1 snail go, remaraea xuise, with « determination, rising from her place on the rag, where she" had en sconced herself beside the woolly St. Bernard. " I do not feel as if I conld be ciril to tbe man.' And she made her escape haatily by one door, as tbe new comer entered by tbe other. Many were the approving glances cast opon Captain Dalston as be stood chatting with bis hostess, tbe firelight dickering on his tali soldierly figure and hir handsome face. There was that look of strength and determination sbout the well-cut features, which in- variably attracts tbe gentle sex, ana s cynical light shone in the keen grey 9es, which yet conld look soft enough I then they chose. I Ralph Dalston was somewhat of a I (faenomenon in this age of butterfly I leves and ever-changing fancies. He I kad reached the age of tbirty-fonr with- I nt having once experienced the pangs I 4 the tender pa8eion,aud never, either in ! I England or India, had he come across I a woman whom he would care to inBtal I is mistress of bis ivy-covered -Grange in I he smiling Derbyshire valley. I ' Yon are not afraid of ghosts by | thance 1' asked Lady Lashing ton as die I banded a enp of tea to the thirsty I traveller. I Daptaiu Dalston laughed lightly. . I ' I shall be awfully grateful to you if I Jon give me a chance of seeing'one. I Have you each a thing on thepramifmsF I 'There are two,' oagerlyinberposed I Miss Gwyn, anxions for a share of .the I new-comer's attention, amLfeeling kor I charmB somewhat ovBriooked. -T'Oue, ! I am told, carries bis heri abont-rilk I Rim, and the other is a charming yonng woman in a Watteau «OBtume,|whOj I "aunts the west corridor, and who cab I 01>ly be seen by Lnriiiogton. brjat leant come relation of tbefftmilj I Balph bestowed a oaOTi.'&lanps; 'ta rn : the pretty animated TacMTof StiieqiMfcer;' »nd turned to hie hostess. " I ' With your permission,' heaid. >1 I >11 by my lade with tbe-femlnine spectre, as I can claim a distant relationship through my mother. The headless gentleman might prove too much for my nerves.' ' Very well, we will put yon iu the west corridor,' she replied with a laugh. ' And now, good people, it is high time to adorn ourselves for the great function of the day.' And there was a general exist of rustling. skirts. ' Where is Rose ¥ inquired her cousin an hour later, as she marshalled her guests into the dining-room. 'She has a headache, mother,' an swered Ada Lushington, a saucy -looking little brunette, ' and is not coming down to-night.' 4 A headache ! exclaimed Lady Lushington in surprise. ' Why, Bhe was as lively as a cricket at tea-time.' Mrs Stapletou and Mrs. Gwyn exchanged glances of amusement. 'The monkey has one of her wicked plans on,' whispered -the letter. 'I sha'n't be sorry if she does play off any of her tricks on the new man. He bas far too much 'side' for my taeta.' Which speech, freely translated, meant that she hBd foiled to make an impression, and was qnite aware of the unpleasant fact. The evening passed merrily enough with the aid of music, small talk, billiards and flirtation, and it was long past midnight before Captain Dalston left the emoking-ioom and turned his steps in the direction of the hannted corridor. 'Keep your weather eye open, old fellow,' observed Charlie, as he bade him good-night, ' Yon are safe to see her. She has never failed to cuine to one of the family — so they all say, at least — I have Dever tried my lack, bat then there is no ambition about me !' ' Of course it is all foolery,' reflected Ralph DalstoD, as not feeling inclined for bed, he threw himself into a cosy arm-chair by the cheerfnl fire. ' Bat I confess I should like to find oat if there really is anything to be seen. Nothing like adding to one's experience.' The large clock on the stairs, a veritable grandfather's clack, chimed three, and with a yawn Ralph rose from his chair and prepared to turn in. I will just take a look outside first,' he said. ' She may be on her way, and it wonld be awkward to receive a lady en dishabille.' So saying, he opened the door noise lessly and peered down the gloomy corridor, lit only by a faint flickering lamp at the far end. What was that I It sonnded like the rnstling of a silken skirt, . . Although, perhaps, the most nnsnperstitions man in his battery. Captain Dalston experienced a vague feeling of alarm, a sort of sensation which the Scotch describe as ' uncanny,1 as he listened to what was undoubtedly an approaching footstep. Pitter-patter went the little high heels, and a charming figure, dressed in a Watteau cos tame, came slowly towards his room. The powdered hair fell in clustering carls upon a white forehead, the gaily tinted brocide, made after the fashion of a bygone ceutnry, suited the wearer to perfection, and tbe face was the most bewitching, so it seemed to bim,- that he had ever gazed upon. The portraits of old dead-and-gone Lushing- tons seemed to smile from their frames, as this dainty member of their family tripped lightly by, with a far-away look in her dark eyes, and one white hand uplifted as if in warning. Rtlph stood transfixed. His heart beating at a most nnnsual rate, half with fear, half with a feeling which he conld not analyse. Nearer and nearer the fair apparition approached, and then, just as he had summoned np courage to walk boldly np to it, it disappeared, through a door he had not before perceived, with a long- drawn sigh. Once it had vanished he felt himself again, and proceeded to follow through the door by which tbe unearthly visitant had taken her departure. It opened into a large bare room, which, to biB surprise, he discovered to be as empty as the cupboard of nnrsery fame. And what staggered him completely, was the fact that there was no other risible means of exit, Conld the ghost have escaped by the high window 1 ' I could swear she came in here,' he muttered. ' Where the deace can she have gone to !' She bad gone, however, and bad left no sign, so with a laugh at bis own bewilderment he returned to bis room. ' If I conld only find a woman with a face like that !' reflected the unsuscep tible Captain as he prepared for bed. ' By Jove, I should be tempted to forqgo my theories about matrimony , out they don't make 'em like that in the centuty, moreTs the pity. Well, I shall keep my own counsel anyhow, the other fellows would chaff one so. And of coarse it was all my fancy, and — Lushiogton's champagne.' And with that, he finally got into bed, where the face of the lovely Watteau lady still haunted him in his troubled dreams. CHAPTER IL What hath life been ? What will it be ? How have I lived without thee? How Is life both lost and found in thee? n t I. .1 irn 17 lii-tL:. £ ee« 1 iQOD cor over iu tuu uuw Owen Meredith. There -was certunly no sign of a' headache or any other malady about Rose Trevor when she made ber rather late appearance in the breakfast-room on Christmas morning. ' Where is the new man f she whispered to Charlie as she took her place betide him. . Hasn't shown np yet,' replied her contin abstractedly, being occupied in attending- to Mrs. Gwyn's wants. 'I expect the ghost was too mnch for him.' What fan1 1 laughed Rose. ' I hope she gave irim-S good fright. I cannot endure that kind of man.' . \ 1 Wtl&L; OO yuu jujuw nuuuti "nil demmndeaGhariie's neighbour curiously. ' > Oh, I have beard a good deal about him ftrtnittfe Hrtdabs— Percy is in Ills baHsyrdoitft know> hB ofteh stays with them. Blanche and iewj he thinks no enS ofr fAmaelf fan# bis'. V-C-o Md «vra<>ht'tirit ohly married wo- men bave ,any amiss " — he - will dnot . ' '« MratGyn lMkM and pursed wp her.rbBy bp-:. ' ' , ; ?He didiiot give rne tbatimpression, .. she said jslowiy.- 'But I daresay tie gunner yet who did not/ ah 4f>ded with iilittie a new sensation to his lordship to find one woman who dues not ran after him.' ' That is a favourite dodge with yon girls,' remarked Charlie loftily, with all the wisdom befitting bis twenty-one years. ' You think if yon can ran one way, the mau will ran after yon, but it doesn't always pay.' ' Give me some toast, Charlie, and don't talkabont what you donot under stand, ' said Rose, with a mischievous laugh in ber wicked hazel eyes. . Breakfast was half over when Captain Dalston wt last entered the room, with msDy apologies to hiB host and hostess. He was immediately greeted by a storm of inquiries concerning his noctnrnal experiences, which he received, and evsded, in his usual nonchalant manner. ' What a shame it was of yon, Lnsb- ington,' he said lightly, 'to raise my hopes on the subject of the fur Watteau datne for nothing.' ' Heftas shea something, for all that,'. reflected Mrs Stapleton, who had been watching him curiondy ever since his entrance. And I will get it out of him, too, before I am many hours older.' With which object in view she made herself especially agreeable, as she so well knew how ; and being well versed in masculine nature, looked after bis creature comforts, and attracted his at tention to the most appetising dishes on the well-spread table. ' I have another coosin to introduce vou to.' said Ladv Lnshincton. as she rose to leave tbe room; 'you did not meet last night. Rose, my dear, Cap tain Daleton —Miss Trevor.' \- Rose gave him a frigid little bow and smile, bat Ralph, with complete forget- falness of his usual perfect manners, stared at her in silence as though un able to epeak. 'Gracious, ha w struck,' thought Mrs, Gwyn. ' What on earth do all the men see in that little chit ?' ' I do not think I can claim Captain Daletnn for a cousin, Fanny,' said Rose, in a voice which she seemed to have burrowed for tbe occasion from a re frigerator. 'The relationship, if it exists at all, is so very distant.' With an effort Ralph recovered hie powers of speech. ' It is too bad of you to repudiate me in that heartless way. Miss Trevor. I think we shall be able to trace a con nection between us at any rate.' ' I am not at all good at that kind of thine,' she answered, making her way towards the door. ' Is it not time we got ready for church, Fanny F and taking the elder lady's arm she left the room. Captain Dalston stood still for a mo ment staring after her retreating figure, and then rousing himself, went ont into the shrubberies to steady his nerves with the aid of a cigar. ' Most extraordinary likeness I ever saw,' be mattered to bimselfi 1 Only wants her hair powdered, and that blue and pink arrangement on, to be the living image of my ghost. If 1 had seen this girl last night, I should have imagined that ber face had bewitched me into fancying I eaw it again, but I never set eyes on her before. Well, I'll be ehot if I can make it ont.' Here one or two of the men inter rupted his solitary meditations, and be- tried to banish the remembrance of Rose Trevor's lovely face by a visit to the stables, and an animated discussion on eqnine beauties. Christmas-day was kept at Lushing ton Court in the real old- fashioned etyle, which, like eo many other ancient customs, is rapidly dying out. The house was decorated with holly and mistletoe; the guests played forfeits with the children, and burnt their fingers at enap-dragon ; and a huge sirloin, turkey, and Indigestible plum-puddings and mince pies, usnrped the place of the French cook's usual piquant plats and ethereal confections. Much to Rose Trevor's disgust, Captain Dalston had been told off to take her In to dinner, bat trae to her resolutions, she devoted tbe lion's share of her conversation to tbe man upon her other side leaving her partner to console himself with Mrs. Stapletou. This was qnite a new etyle of treat ment from tbe universal admiration system generally adopted by the sex towards this good- lookiog gunner, and, as the fair doctor had anticipated, it acted like a bracing tonic upon the patient's interest in ber. Do you admire Miss Trevor 1' asked Mrs. Stapleton'e soft "mnrmuriog tones n lisn aa« on alia JtUAAVAPAl) lltm IMVinff IU uis vaiy oa bus uaw«ivu >«" wutug intently at tbe girl's profile. Ralph gave a little start, annoyed at being caught in an action so unlike bis ordinary rile of cool iodifference. ' Oh, she is a pretty girl, I suppose,' he answered carelessly. ' Not my style at all ; too much colour ; don't you thiok so I' with a glance at the speaker's pale face, and straw-tinted hair. Bat I cannot help looking at her. She reminds me so tremendously of someone 'Indeed!' said the lady briskly, thinking she was on the verge of a I T liatra nl cva eta hfian BlVfln innuuvctjr. x wn » c winau ws-wu to understand,' she added; archly, ' that Captain Daleton was Invulnerable where oar sex are concerned.' ' Well,' be replied coolly, ' what have I done to make' yon infer the contrary ! I""did not say I admired the person of whom Ml" Tkevor reminds me.' , But here, to Mrs. -Stapleton'e annoy ance, and a little to Ralph's relief, the tignal for departure web given, and the former was forced to retire with her tfciret for knowledge still ubappeased. Later on in tbe'evenlog, when the children's games bad come to a noisy conclusion, some of the guests wandered into the picturegallery, where cosy 1 -a aaaiu aIamaA .hi: vliuifWAl: VCIVei'CuiDI DU .'f . intervals, invited converaation,and what -the French call 'theaojitade-of two.' : Sbdw Capttin DalBtdnyour portrait, Rose,' said Lady . Lushington, faithful to her match-making Instincts; and baring po plauslble iaxcu!>e:ready, Miss Trevor, ' wfflT pre- pared toobey. ' ' 1 1 am afraid it is agreat bore to yon, remarked ber companion with unex- pected and marvellous humiHty,estbey turned Into thelong gallery. ; with an fana giiicli xtfaer foSed her polite words. ? " Shis iB the portrtit Fanny tneaoB,' ehe continued, «ad'finA'Miii#htiwheauti4> fol woman, In .a. Watteau costume, emlledfrom the bygone centuries. « She has a ridiculous idra tbat it is like me. She is an ancestress of mine, so there may be a faint resemblance, bnt tbat is all.' Captain Dalston stood like one en tranced before the picture, recognising witb amazement the startling resembl ance, not only to the girl by his side, but also to the apparition he had seeu the previous nigbt. ' I beg yonr pardon — what did yon say ¥ inquired Rose. ' Did I speak I' he stammered : ' I did not mean to. But it is the most extraordinary likeness.' 'Really 1 she answered with a little sbrng of ber graceful shoulders, ' I suppose yon think it the correct thing to say so, bnt pray do not imagine you are paying me a compliment, for I think the lady has the most affected expression I ever saw.' Affected,' he exclaimed indignantly, ' it is the most perfect face.' And then he pansed abruptly, remembering she was without the key to his bewilder ment. 'It is not only you it reminds me of,' he continued rather lamely, 1 1 could 8wearl had seen the original.' ' Tell me where,' she murmured, losing her manner of stiff reserve as if by magic, and turning to him with a look of dangerous softness and entreaty in her lovely eyes. 'Do tell me. This Is the first favour I have asked of my cousin !' Even Achillis bad bis vulnerable point, and tbe cool, self-pnssessed Captain Dalston, losing his head at thiB sadden transformation of the ice-maiden, answered as one in a dream — ' I saw her in the west corridor.' CHAPTER III. ' And on her lover's arm she leant, . And round her waist she felt it fold ; And far aoross the hills they went To that new world which ia the old.' Tennyson For three consecutive nights, Ralph Dalston waited up till past three o'clock, on the chance of another glimpse of hie ghostly enchantress, but saw no sign of her ; and although be would hardly admit it to himself, great was his dis appointment at her non-appearancs. By this time, Rose Trevor and the Watteau lady were getting rather con fused together in his mind ; and we, as bis biographer, must own tbat this formerly hard-hearted young man was in some danger of losing that reputation. He did not know it. Men, as well as women, have a wonderful knack of blinding themselves to what lookers-on consider self-evident truths ; and during the days which followed, he attributed bis feelings of pleasare in Rose's society, and the admiration her beauty and piquant ways excited in bis b.east,soreIy to his memories of the charming ap parition. It was noticed and commented upon by all tbe house party doting tbe coarse of the next fortnight or so, that Rose Trevor . had somewhat abandoned her cold-water tactics with regard to Captain Dalston, and that the two were con stantly together. The youqg . lady's moods at this time were decidedly variable, aod Ralph, being a 'mere man,' groped vainly in the darkneBB for the word of the enigma. Sometimes she would let him talk to her for an entire evening, listening like a second Desdemona, with tender sympathy in her hazel eyes, to his accounts of the Egyptain war, and tiger hnots in India. At others, she wonld snub him mercilessly if he joined ber in tbe garden or billiard-room, and be conld form no idea of what would be her phase one boor, from ber behaviour the hoar before. The fsct was, tbat strongly as she fonght against tbe feeling, Ralph Daleton's good looks, fascinating man ner, and the brave manly character which ehe bad discovered underneath his languid exterior, were beginning to influence the girl in a way Bhe bad never experienced before, and now and then Bhe found herself wishing cordially that she had not so publicly proclaimed her antagonism to him. It was an amusing little comedy for the on-Iookers, and one thoroughly appreciated by Lady Luehington, whose principal object in life just now was to marry her favourite to Ralph Dalston, for whom, in addition to his other good qualities, she had all a woman's admiration for a man who had distin guished himself in active service. Matters were In this transitory state when a new diversion was oroDoaed one day by Mrs. Stapleton. Let us get up some tableaux,' ehe suggested, one snowy afternoon, when all the women, and three or four of the men, were congregated in the hall, anxiously awaiting the arrival of tea. 'The very thing,' exclaimed Rose delightedly. ' Yon have do idea, Laura, bow well I look in powder 1' I can quite imagine it,' remarked Captain Dalston in a low voice. Hie girl coloured as she met the ardent gaze of the grey eyes. ' How qaietiy yon came in,' she said nattishlv. ' I hate - neoole who talk like ghosts." ' Ah, by the way, Dalston,' asked a fox-hunting squire who had come over to dine and sleep, 'has the Wattean lady appeared to yon yet 1 Yon are some relation, are yon not, and so are entitled to see her F Captain Dalston laughed uneasily. 1 Ob, of course we are quite intimate by this tune,' he said. 'When did you see her last F inquired Mrs. Stapletou looking up at him from the depths of her lounging chair. 'I have never told yon I. have seen her at all,' be answered lightly. : ' No ; but . I think you have,, ehe mid nniificantiv- ' Ah. here is tea at last 1 What a Messing ! Bring -me a cup, Captain Dalston ; X am pining for it.' . When he had obeyed her commands, and farther snpplled her with hot' tea-cake, she still detained him betide her with si few remarks ; on. Indifferent subjects'; and presently he followed her to a distant window seat, 'where they ehtored ioto a long, and apparently in teresting conversation. After . (pne . cutiess glaiice -Ja -their direction, Roseaccspted tea and atten tions from A de voted riolnrriig wu staying ln Hie house, and bestowhd a recreant intight,r when he returned "to his Pjfo .IjdrebBF bell fang, i , - C'imo to my room, Rose,' whispered Mrs. Stapleton, as she paused beside the girl on her way upstairs. . ' I have a lovely idea for the tableaux ' So the two went off together, Rote emerging from her friend's room ten minutes later witb a slightly heightened colour, and a look of pleasurable anticipation in her eyer. All preliminaries and coetnmes had been arrauged, aod the nigbt of the tableaux had arrived. Mrs. Stspletou's idea bad assumed vast proportions, and half the couuty had been invited to sett the Luehingtons and their friends iu picturesque attire softened by lime-light, and remain afterwards to dance aDd sup. Much conjecture wsb rife concerning pretty Miss Trevor's role in- the per formance ; that yonng lady having elected to keep her costume a prpfound secret, and - rehearse in private, with Laura Stapleton as her sole audience. Dioner was an hour earlier tbat night, and considerably hurried over, to. admit of prolonged adornment on the part of both men- and women, many of the former, though professing to ridicule the whole affair, being secretly elated at the idea of appearing in coloured velvets and silken hose. It was just nine, when Captain Dalston emerged from bis room, looking au ideal cavalier of the time of Charlee I., in his plumed bat and flowing curls. As he closed the door behind bim he lPAm) fhp rncflirin rtf aillr«Ti etirfo approaching frii.u the other end of the corridor, and tbinkiug it was one of the actresses, waited until she should pass by. Was he drcaminr % There, coming towards hire, was the ideotic.tl figure he had seen tbe night of l.ia arri 7a'1. The pink and blae shimmering brocade, the tiny faigh-hcelod shoes, the powdered carls, tbe delicately pencilled eye-brows, and tbe dreamy eyes. Hu held his breath aod waited, bis heart beating like a sledge-hammer, as it had never dona under the fire of the enemy. 1 By Jove, she shall not escape me this time,' he mattered. Qaick as thought the moment she disappeared as before he darted off in pursuit, and caught her by one of the floating ribbons of her dress, as she was in the act of vanishing through s sliding panel, whose existence he now perceived for the first time. ' Foy Heaven's sake be careful,' said the ghost, in very earthly accents ; 1 yon will tear my frock.' ' Miss Trevor 1 Yon F he exclaimed as Rose's laughing eyes glanced roguishly up at him. ' Of course it is I. How stupid you have been not to gness it sooner.' ' I most have been mad,' he admitted candidly. ' The. likeness was wbat staggered me the first moment I ,Jeaw you, bnt even that night in the picture gallery I did not take in that you were the Wattean lady.' 1 Ob, it has been such fan I' she said delightedly. ' Lsnra found me ont ; she said she were sure yon bad seen something, and after she had got it all onL of yon, she suggested that I should personate the gb'ost of the west corridor in the tableaux, to see what effect it i wonld have on you.' | 'Shall I tell you what effect it has had F he asked in a low voice, goziug intently at the lovely vision of flesh and blood before him. ' No, no !' she said hastily, preparing i for flight, warned by the look in his | eyes. 'Wait till ynu sea mo in the I limelight !' I 'I will not wait,' he repllel with determination, putting his back against t the door, ' and yon shall hear mc now. . Rose, my darling, I swear to you that ' nutil I saw the Watteau ghost on I Christmas Eve, I had never given a | thought or a sign to any woman, and my one regret was that she, as I imagined, was only a spirit. Now I have found the original, and I mean her to be my wife. RoBe, what do yon say F ' What extraordinary times and places yon da choose for yoar remarks,' she said, the colonr coming and going on her downcast face. ' I shall be awfully late, eo let me go.' Not till yon answer me, if we wait here till midnight. Yes or no, Rose I' 1 Well, Yes, I suppose, if you will have it so ; bnt I shall lead yon a fear ful life.' And as he moved from the door to clasp ber ia bis arms she evaded him by a skilful movement and ran swiftly down the stairs. Perhaps the greatest success of tbe tableaux that evening was Rose Trevor an fJia ' Hlinfif. nf T.nohinflfnn Hfturf ' with the light of a new happiness shining in her expressive eyes. Tbe health of Ralph and bis fair fiancee was drank in fowling champagne after the guests from a distance had departed ; and in his newly-found complacency Captain Dalston told the story of his recent occolt experiences to an amused aod appreciative audience, Mrs. Stapleton enjoyed the satisfaction, so dear to the female heart, of seeing her prophecy of Christmas Eve fulfilled. » Rose Dalston's sonny hair is begin- nino frt Ho f.hir.Ho nntariarad villi oilvov bnt the langhinx eyes are as bright as ever, as she tells her children how she 'frightened father a long time ago!' And, across the ' walnuts and the wine the grey-haired Colonel, still regales his special chnms with the' tale of how he won his ' GhoBtly Wife.' —Argosy. 