A WOM OF JE Mill. ' NOW . FIRST PUBLISHED. ; ' BY €. A. HENTY. AUTHOR, OF ''A HIDDEN FOE," "IN THE DAYS OF THE MUTINY", , "THE PLAGUE SHIP," "THE CURSE OF CARRE'S HOLD," " DOROTHY'S DOUBLE," Ao. AT.!, rights reserved. '., CHAPTER. XIII.-(Coiiiinued.) you are looiung more iikb yourself, my child; truly you looked like a ghcst when you came iii.' Ibis the husband's turn for duty, on the . walls. so we can sit and have a cosy chat together. Well," she wont on,, when Mary had taken a seat that she ' had placed for her by the stove, " all is going on famously. We have pushed the Germans back everywhere, and Trochu's'proclamation says the plans have been carried out exactly as ar ranged. There has not been' much fighting to-day, we have hardly had a gun fired. Everyone is rejoicing, and all ..the world agrees ; that now the Prussians have seen how wo can light they will speedily' take themselves off altogether;"- " .' I hope.it is so, Madame Michaud ; certainly the wounded said that they, had advanced a long way on thb south side," but I have not lioard- at all what was done on the other side of the Marno. None of the wounded from there were brought to our hospital. ' 1 Champigny1 was taken. They say that there was a hard light there and WO pushed the Prussians back beyond it ever so far," and Madame Michaud's- arms expressed illimitable distance. . I suppose there are no reports as to what regiments were engaged," Mary asked. .'0h, np,- but everyone says that the . soldiers foiight like lions, and that the National, Guard was splendid." " There were none of the National Guards brought in wounded to our ambulance," Mary said. "They were all linesmen and mobiles." -. " Perhaps there were no National Guards engaged on that side, my dear." v " Perhaps not,'' Mary agreed. " No, I think they' all went out by the east gates." " Yes, that was where . Diicrot com manded and that was where the great fight was to be," Madame Michaud Baidj complacently, "no doubt he wanted to have the National Guards there." Mary having, as the result of h.er own; observations and from imbibing the very .pronounced opinions of Outh-' bert as to the efficiency of the National Guatd,. formed an estimate the reverse of favourable to that body, made no reply, but indeed derived ' some little comfqrtfrom a. point of view diametri cally opposed to that of Madame Michaud, saying to herself that Trochu ;probably senb the National Guard with D'uorot because it was not likely that they would be called upon to do; any serious lighting there. . 'Won't you let the boys in, Madame Michaud ?' she said, chang ing- the -subject. "I .think , their chatter would do me good. My brain sfiems stupid still." The .boys were brought in from the/ next room, where they were doing their lessons. They were full of the Reports they had gathered from their schoolfellows, and if but half of theso had been true it was evident that' the remnant of the Ger man army were infull flight" towards the frontier, . and that the bravest deeds of antiquity- faded into insignifi cance by the Bide of the heroism dis played' by the Frdncli soldiers. Their talk: and 'excitement .had the effect of rousing Mary and preventing her thoughts reverting to the scene in the ambnlancej a'nd at' half-past nine she again went off to bed feeling more like herself ; than she had done for some days. ' CHAPTER XIV. . Mary.Brarider was, as usual, called before daylight by Margot,. and was dressing when a sound like the rumb ling of a heavy waggon caused her to pause suddenly,- and then hurry to the window and throw it open. TiH.Theyihave begun again," she ex claimed, "and the firing is heavier than it was before. It comes from the east. It must be Troohu's force en gaged again." She hastily "completed her 'toilet, drank off the, coffee Margot had .got ready for her, and then started on her way to the ambulance. "It is louder than' ever," bIio ex claimed. "It must be a terrible battle." " The roar of the cannon never ceased. The windows and doors wore all open as she went along, and women in Various states of dishabille were talking "xpitedly to each other from the for- mer across the street ; while . the men, equally excited, were discussing the battle in groups. All agreed that the, forts in the loop of the Marno were engaged. This caused -some disap pointment. "We can't be so far out as we thought," one said, " or we should be beyond range of the guns." "Perhaps the Germans are attack-- ing.us," an old man suggested, but the idea was 'received with derision, and Mary caught no more of the con versa; tion as she hurried along.- - ' It was an absolute relief to her. when she entered the ambulance, /for the continued roar of the guns and the thought of what- -was going on were well nigh intolerable to her nerves, and her hands were shaking as. 'she removed her bonnet and cloak. . Even the quiet hospital- tents shared in ' the excitement . outside. The pati ents whose hurts were eoinpa'rati vely slight were sitting up in their beds discussing the battle eagerly; - Others more seriously hurt raised their heads to listen, while some lying apparently unconscious moaned and moved un easily, muttering occasionally incohe rent words, the quiver in earth and air arousing a dim sense of -battlo and danger. " More work for us," Dr. Swinburne said, as he passed her, while .she was trying to soothe a restless patient into quiet again,. " I -am afraid, so, doctor,; and by-the sound it will be even worse than the last." ' "Tholoss is not always proportionate to the noise," he said, cheerfully, " the forts may be merely preparing a way for a general advauce. They said it was to begin this morning,". As before it was not until evening' that the wounded began to come/in. Those who were first' brought were sombre and depressed.. It was. the Germans who' were attacking; the French had been surprised and badly beaten, But later .on the news was bettor. Champigny had been nobly defended, the French had" rallied, and after hard fighting the Prussians were driven back and all the ground lost recovered. Some of the wounded had been among those who had - defended Champigny. To these Mary- put the question she bad asked of others who. were not too severely wounded to be able to talk. " Who had taken part in the . fight?" The mobiles- afid the line had all been engaged. "But there were no' National Guards, nurse." " Hod they seen any. Franc Tireurs?" ; Hitherto the answer, to - the question had been, no; but the men from Champigny gave a different answer. ' Yes, a corps had'- fought1 there ; they did not know who they were. They were dressed in grey. Whoever they were they fought like tigers; It was they, they all - agreed,' who saved Champigny. _ . "The Prussians were advancing," one said, "and we couldnot have held out much longer. They were advanc ing by. the road, and /through the gardens; it was all overwith us when the meh'dn.grey-oa'me- upl" : "I was at the barricade," onesaid, " there were not twenty of-, us left there when a company arrived. If ' they h ad fought in a hundred battles they could not have dono bettor. They had their,- Colonel with them. A fine old mili- taire. He was killed by my side. The Prussians never got d foot further, 'for though we were hard pressed again and again we held our ground" till the oowards, who bad run, begau to- come back again. It wa3 hot, mademoiselle. I can tell you it was a rain storm of bullots. and their shell fell every moment among us,, end it would have been all up with tn em if the batteries bad not silenced their guns."' "I was in one of the , houses,"' his cbmradb put in, "we /were doing .our best to prevent the Prussians coming up through the ' gardens behind, but ' there wore but fow of. us, and they were some . hundreds strong. If they had gone on they would' have caught us all in a trap, and we wero just going to .warn, the others to fall back when /we saw. the Franc Tireura come. running up. They wore smart fellowB as. -well bb brave ones. They knocked loopholes- through a -.wall in ao time and. clung, to .it- for an- -hour at -least./ Then the Prussians were reinforced heavily. " The Franc Tireura foil tack to the' noxt wall, and when the Prus- sians rushed forward they gave it them hotly while we took them in fiank from the houses ; they must have a hundred and fifty men left behind them when they rushed back to the wall thby had. Advanced from. " And did the Franc Tireura suffer much,1' Mary asked. " I should say they lost more than : half thoip number. When they formed up after the fighting was over and the Prussians driven back, we gave thern a hearty oheer. I believe there 'were three companies of thorn when" they came up, and altogether there were not more than a strong company paraded. You must not think that all the. others were killed, mademoi selle," seeing by Mary's face that tho news was terrible to her. " Of those who didn't parade you may reckon that two-thirds were. only wounded.", -. \- " Not so many as that," the /other, who had not observed Mary's face, said, "they were not the fellows to fall out for a slight wound. Why, the. best part of those who paraded, had hurts, and I fancy some of them were seriouff,' though they did their best to make light of it, and waved their caps ' when we cheered them. You may be sure that those who/ were missing must have been hit hard indeed." " Imbocile beast," his comrade growled, as Mary moved silently away, " could you not see by her face tfiat the girl had friends in that corps? Didn't you notice how pleased she looked when we praised their bravery and how white her face became when I said what their losses were. I tried to comfort' her by making out that most of the missing might be only wounded, and then, imbecile that you are, you break in with your talk, and as good as tell her that if they/ ain't all dead, they are likely to. be so before long." ' " I would have bit my tongue out beforo I would' have said so," the other said, penitently,'/" but I did not notice her looks. Do- /you think , I would have said it if I had, just as she had been bandaging our - wounds, too, like a little mother." -/The Franc Tireurs remained in the village all night, and as soon as they fell out had scattered over the whole ground, collected the dead and laid them . together and brought ' the wounded into the houses." JLUU auiuici o uabiuittuu mro auw far wrong; the number of the! dead exceeded -.that of the , wounded and most of these were very seriously hurt. Of those found lying behind the walls many had been killed out right, being struck on the head, by bullets through the loopholes/behind which they were firing; but of those hit during the retreat, or when at last they took the offensive, many; of the wounds, though of a dis abling, were hoc of a fatal nature. The company on the other- side .of the vil lage had not been pressed so severely, but the Prussian shell had fallen thickly there, and a large proportion of the woundB were caused by frag ments of shell or stona The company which held the barricade had compara tively few wounded, but bad lost half their number. by. bullets through the head as they fired over its oresfc. It , was hard work, indeed, for the surgeons and nurses that night. For many' nothing could be done, they were beyond the reach of surgical aid ; out not only was there . the work of bandaging wounds, but of giving drink and soup to all that 'could take them, of writing down last messages to friends from those among the dying who retained' their consciousness, or in aiding Dr. Swin burne and his assistant in their work, and in temporarily bandaging the wounds of those for whom nothing else could be done till daylight. At eight o'clook next morning an ambu lance waggon drew up to the . door and. an. orderly came in to the doctor with a message. . . "I have six wounded here. The surgeon told me to tell you that one of them had particularly wished to be brought up to your ambulance, and as the others all belonged to the same corps I was to loave them here;'' - . " I will see if there is room," tho doctor said;' and,, calling one . of", tho gentletnen;who aided in the service of the ambulance, asked him, "Do you know, -Wilson,1 how many have died in the night ?" ' " Eight or -ten, doctor." " Well, get Phillips and Grant to help you to carry out six of them", Inv thern in that empty tent "for the present. As soon as you have done that bring the six wounded in from the waggon outsido." In a few minutes the injured men were brought in. ' ' "Ah, they are Franc Tireurs," the doctor said. V './ " They are Franc Tireurs des.ecoles,". the orderly, who had accompanied them, said. "The surgeon said they were all students. Ttfey deserve good .treatment, doctor, for no men could have fought better than they did. Everyone says that they saved Cham pigny." ' " Put them together, Wilson, if you can, or " at any . rato in pairs. They are students of- -the University,: the art schools, and so on. If there are not two empty beds to gether put them anywhere for the present, we can shift the beds about in a.dayortwo when wo get breathing time." ' " There are two vacant beds in No. 2 marque, doctor," .The doctor stopped to the litter that had just been carried in. Its oc-. cupant was sensible. "Is there anybne of your comrades you would prefer to be placed in the ded next to you," he asked in French. . ' "Yes, doctor," he. replied in Eng lish. " The tall fellow who wa3 next to me in the waggon. I am a country man of yours and he is an English man; and we are in the same art sohool.", (TO BB CONTINUED.) 