The Triple lyslery; OR, NicBs. Curler's Sealed Oarers. CII EE XXXIV —(Continued). A quiCK examination of the body sufficed him lor the moment. All that could be learned there the first glance had told him, and that was that the strange young woman bad been strangled, by a human hand. How she got there and why she had been so foully murdered were alike mysteries which there was then no time to surmise. He searched for a pocket in her gown and found it. When he drew i 1 1 b a d,.it contained a pocket - I a bunch of letters tied to- r piece of pink cord. The 1 :ickiy - transferted to bis 1 1 Then he opened the p o e. It contained a few bills which ne did not disturb, and a locic of snort, dark, wavy-hair. The lock of hair followed the ietters into his own pocket, and then he returned the pocket-book to the place where he had found it. On the third finger of the left hand was a plain gold band. With instant decision, the detective drew oft the- ring, and also dropped it into his pocket. He was about to move away when he saw, gleaming upon her throat, the hash of a jewel he had not before noticed. Bending forward again, he found the half of a golden locket, but it contained nothing except the tiny wisp of hair of the same hue and character as that which he had taken from the pocket- book. . The fragment was secured to her person by a stout gold chain about her neck. He searched diligently for the other half of the locket ; but it could not be found. It required Jdul a mo ment to detach the chain, and put it, with the half of the locket, the ring, letters, and lock of hair, in his pocket. Then he turned away and gave his attention to the appearance cf the _ room. The bureau and drawers were open, and their contents- bore evi dence cf having been tumbled about in mad haste. Articles of clothing, evidently taken from the closets, were scattered about the floor, as though being at first selected by some one, were afterwards hastily discarded as unnecessary or cumber some. . in one corner of the room was a bed. It looked as though somebody had lately used ii for a couch, and had hastily arisen, for one of the piX lows was on the floor and in the very centre .was the imprint of a foot, yet left among the yielding down. The gas was blazing brightly from three burners, and the room was as light as illumination could make it. On the table which stood near the bed a bottle of ink had been over turned, and the ink had run along the polished table-top until, reaching the edge, it had slowly dropped to the moquette carpet beneath. What was particularly noticeable was that it was still dropping. Slowly, to be sure, but yet in motion, show ing that not many minutes could have elapsed since it was overturned. The windows of the room had not been molested. Both were fastened on the inside, and the murderer had entered and departed by the door which opened into the main hail. All these facts the detective noticed in much less time than it takes to relate it. From the time when he entered the room until he left ill, only a few moments elapsed. ' Come, Chick,' he said. 4 We can do no more here, now.' The door was reopened cautiously, and both men listened for the sound that might be made by any one ap proaching. Then' they went out into the hail, closing the door carefully behind them, and hurried towards the stairs. 4 To the library, lad,' said the de tective, and he hurried down the stairs, leading the way. CHAPTER XXXV. DOURLY DENOUNCED. As soon as they were in the library, Nick said sharply : ' Now, Chick, answer prompt and rapidly. How long had you been waiting in the hall for me, when I arrived ?' ' Two hours, nearly.' 4 'Who went up the stairswhile you waited there ?' 4 Dozens ; but very few whom I know. They were mostly ladies.' ' Did you see anybody who answers the description of that poor girl ?' 4 No. I — By Jove i I wonder if it could have been she ?' 4 Been who ?' 4 The sewing-girl. About an hour before you came, a woman with a long black wrap on her shouidersand a thick veil over her face came to the door. The butler was there, and at first was not going to let her in. I heard her say she had some sewing for Miss Ethel. Then the butler bade her wait while he went and found his young mistress. 4 Did he find her ?' ' 1 suppose so. "He came back presently and told the girl she could go on up stairs. She went as though she knew the way, and then I forgot all about it.' 4 Did you see her'go away again ?' ' Yes ; that is, J thought I did. About ten minutes beiow voa came.' 4 Looked line tne saw one— -eh ? N--W. wnai were v- mug me aaosu uiiss Euiel, ant. v. ma vou mean bv all that talk about ner in- , tended fiiunt — eh \- Do you remember tne ring I stoie ; . from Navarro ? She has it, or one 1 like it. I saw her vvnh it in her ' feaucUQ-day, and she had been crying.' j 4 Well ?' — impatiently. 4 To-night, in the early part of the evening, she was alone in the library with Dr. Jerome. The sight of the ring had made me suspicious, so I got where I could hear what was said. I didn't , hear the first part of their conversation, but the first words I did hear made me open my. ears wide.' 4 What were they ?' 4 I heard Jerome say, 4 Ethel, there is no . use in mincing words. You killed Brayton Russel ! It was your hand that struck him down, and I know it..' 4 No, no, no i' she cried ; and then he went close to her and half-whispered, 4 Nobody knows or suspects it save ourselves ; nobody ever shall, if you listen to me.' 4 And what then?' interrupted- Nick. 4 She only moaned and rocked to and fro in the seat where she sat. If she was not guilty, she tooka mighty strange way of showing her inno cence. When she did not answer, - he went yet nearer to her. 4 Listen,' he said. 4 When you .know how much I know about that night, you will be convinced that there is no safety for you. except through me.' 4 Go ! Leave me !' she said. 4 Not yet, Ethel,' he replied. 4 Hear me out. It was your stiiletto which killed him. You went to his apart ments that evening — you saw and talked with -'him; nobody saw him afterwards, alive. You have now, in your possession, the very ring that he wore so long upon his watch- chain, and I have, in my possession, letters which prove that you were his ' — 4 He got no further, for she leaped to her .feet and turned upon him like a tigress, crying- ' Stop !' ' He did stop, for her eyes were blazing with anger, and she held a pistol in her hand, and it was point ing straight at him. ' Coward !' she said, 4 if you dare to finish that sentence it will not be one murder, but two, for which . I will stand accused !' He laughed uneasily. Then, sud denly, he seemed to forget his own danger, for he gave a sudden leap forward and tore the pistol from her grasp. 4 By' Heaven !' he cried, . 4 you shall hear me ! you shall ! I will use no more arguments; I will make- no more offers. You shall have until to- morrow evening to decide. I want you for my wife ; you shall be mine! You shall!' She was calm then. ' And if I refuse ?' she asked. 4 You dare not refuse.' 4 But if I do ?' 4 He seemed to become enraged by her coolness. Re jumped forward and seized her wrist. ; 4 Ii you dare to refuse and to defy me longer,' he cried, ' I will denounce you for what you are — a murderess.' 4 Then, as if afraid to trust himself further, he turned and left the room, and I remained where I was, watch ing her after he had gone,' ' What did she do ?' /Nothing. She stood there for several minutes, as though she had turned to stone. Then she heaved a sigh that almost brought tears to my eyes, and slowly left the apartment. I was about to leave my hiding-piace and follow her, when the curtains , at the window moved, and Eunice Gray, the elder sister, staggered out from behind them. 4 She was as white as a ghost, and she trembled like one with an ague. At first I thought she was going to faint, but presently she recovered and dropped into a chair. She did not utter a sound, but she buried her face in her hands and remained abso lutely motionless for six or eight minutes. I did not dare to move, for fear of betraying, my presence, so I waited until . Eunice rose and passed out of the room. Then I followed.' 4 Where did she go ?' 4 To her own room — directly oppo site Ethel's. I heard her lock the door, and then I went back down stairs. I peeped into the ball-room and saw Ethel waltzing with Paul Cobden, and laughing and talking as though nothing had happened. 4 Then I began to watch for you, for I did not know what to do. No thing happened then until the sew ing girl -came. I remained in the hail for the triple purpose of keeping an eye on Ethel's movements, on Eunice, and waiting for you.' 4 Go on. What next ?' 4 The sewing-girl had barely had time to reach Ethel's room and close th.e door after her, when Eunice came down. She went directly to the bail-room, and in a moment dis appeared, followed by Ethel. Then they went to the library together. 4 I followed them, determined to hear what was said, if I could, and also to keep a watch on the door for you. There .wasn't much to hear, and yet there was a good deal. Neither of the girls sat down. ' As soon as they entered the library, Eunice wheeled and said : . 4 Ethel, by an accident, I over heard everything that was said be tween you and Dr. Jerome in this room to-night. I also will give you until to-morrow evening before I denounce you ; but I say, your only safely lies in flight. Never let me see your face again — never !' Then she turned and started to wards the door. CHAPTER XXXVI. THE ACCUSATION. 4 What did Ethel do ?' asked Nick. 4 She leaped towards her sister with a loud cry, but. Eunice stopped and waved her away. 4 Do not touch, me!' she cried. 4 Your hands are red with blood! with the blood of your What was he to you ?' 4 And then ?' asked Nick. ' Eunice,' said Ethel? 4 you wrong < me more than you know. You are unjust, hard, cruel, unrelenting. I ' 4 Stop !' interrupted Eunice, 4 I will not hear you.' 4 Eunice, I call upon God to wit ness that I am innocent !' 4 You call upon God ! You !' cried Eunice. 4 Do you dare do such a thing ?' 4 Yes: I dare ! I do ! But you shall have your way, my sister. After to-night, you shall never see my face again — never, unless in death !' 4 I pray Heaven that I never may,' was the reply. 4 Then Eunice left the room, and I returned to my post by the front door.' 4 And Ethel ?' 4 She came out of the library a few minutes later and went to her room. I have not seen her since.' 4 Was it after that when the sew ing-girl came down and went out ?' 4 Yes.' 4 How long ?' 4 Not very long; perhaps it was twenty minutes.' 4 There are other stairs than those in the house.' . 4 Yes ; the servants' stairs.' 4 Where is Ethel's maid to-night ?' 4 She was dismissed by Miss Ethel this afternoon for incompetency.' . 4 What time did she leave ?' 4 About five.' 4 Now, Chick, remain here and be ready for whatever may happen. I must go to Mr.. Gray and say or do something that will lead to the dis covery of tha: body upstairs. Do you think it is the sewing-girl ?' 4 I think it - is somebody who per sonated a sewing-girl — yes.' 4 But who killed her? Did Ethel?' 'Somebody killed her, that/certain. ' 4 Ah ! and Ethel went out in her cloak and veil.' 4 Precisely. And yet it does not seem possible that a girl iike Ethel Gray could be such a fiend.' 4 But still the woman is dead, and Ethel has fled!' Nick returned to the' ball-room. There were but fey/ of the pleasure- seekers left. Most of them had called their carriages and gone. The ball room was almost deserted. Navarro was there yet, however, and he looked at Nick with a curious smile on his face as the latter drew near.' . 4 We have ' missed you, Mr. Car ter,' he said, genially. < Where 'have you been ?' 4 Oh, wandering about. Where is Mr. Gray ? I want to see him.' 4 He 'was here a moment ago, ask ing for his daughter Ethel. I think he has gone to her room to find her.' Nick started. Then he looked keenly at Navarro. 4 Miss Gray,' he said to Eunice, 4 will you help me find your father ? I am very anxious to see him before 1 go.' He looked meaningly at her as he spoke, and she, remembering their previous conversation, rose at once. 4 Certainly,' she said. May I notcomq ?' asked Navarro. He seemed determined to remain near them, and so the three crossed the room together, and passing through, the conservatory, entered the front hall. Nick was about to ask the servant ac the door if he knew where Mr. Gray could be found, when they were all startled by a loud and terrible cry. It was the voice of Mr. Gray that they heard, and Nick knew only too well what had occasioned the outcry. He sprang for the stairs and started up them, closely followed by Navarro. Eunice, terrified by the sound of her father's voice, staggered forward and seized the balustrade for support. Nick was the first to reach the landing on the second floor, but Na varro was close behind him. Richard Gray was half-way between them and the door of Ethel's room, and he 'was hastening towards them, his face distorted by terror, and his whole aspect that of a man who has momentarily lost his reason. 4 Murder — murder !' he cried, hus.- k'ily, the words refusing to be per fectly articulated. Then he turned and pointed to wards the . door of Ethel's room, which now stood wide open. Navarro bounded past Nick,, and reached the door first; The guests down' stairs, who had heard the loud cry of their host, came rushing up the stairs, suspecting rather than knowing that some frightful thing had taken place. When Nick reached the door, there was a crowd of people behind him. Then, when they saw the awful sight that awaited them, cries of horror and of terror rose on every side. The; first thought of all was that something . had happened to Ethel. That was soon dispelled, however, for the face of the dead girl bore no resemblance to the daughter of Richard Gray. The detective was instantly behind Navarro when he dashed into the room, and he saw the Spaniard give one quick glance, at the lace of the dead girl, and then reel as if he had been struck by a bullet. Gray, distracted almost by the sight he had seen, was behind the others in the doorway, but as though fascinated by the awful sight, he pushed his way through, and joined the others, close beside the lifeless body. 4 Who — who — is — it ?' he gasped. 4 Oh, my God, this is awful !' » 4 Don't you know her ?' demanded Nick, always cool. Richard Gray shook his head. He was about to answer, but Navarro thrust him rudely aside and stepped quickly between him and the detec tive. 4 Don't you know her?' he asked, coldly, of Nick, 4 No,' said Nick, 4 I do not know her.' 4 Mr. Nicholas Carter, mine-owner from Brazil, you lie !' said Navarro, as coolly as before. 4 Be careful, Navarro ! You for get yourself! You forget where you are,' returned Nick. 4 Do I ? You are mistaken. I remember perfectly well where I am, and 1 also remember perfectly well where you were not half an hour ago.' Nick started, and the Spaniard saw it. 4 You were here,' he continued, in that same cold tone. 4 You were here in this room not half an hour ago. I saw you enter it, I saw you close the door behind you, and I saw you when you came out and went to the library with your companion. Answer me. Do you know who this dead girl was?' That same wicked smile gleamed on Navarro's face as he spoke, and Nick realized that he had been spied upon indeed. He saw that the Spani ard had him in a trap and that he was in imminent danger of having his identity made known then and there; in fact, one might almost think that the special envoy already suspected it. 4 Is it your wish to insult me ?' he demanded of the Spaniard, dodging the question he had been asked. 4 Yes ; if speaking the truth wounds you. Y'es, it is.' 4 Then I will not answer you.' Navarro laughed aloud, and his mirth almost sounded like a curse in that room of death. But Richard Gray strode forward at that moment. He had heard enough to excite his curiosity. 4 Who is, or who was this poor girl ?' he demanded of Nick. 4 I do not know, sir.' Again Navarro interposed. ' 4 He lies!' he said, . coldly. 4 He does know.' .' Then, as if suddenly deciding up on a desperate move, he thrust him self forward again, and exclaimed : 4 file does-know who she is ! He brought her here. I saw him do it ; and it was he who choked her to death. Arrest him !' CHAPTER XXXVII. exit the brazilian mine owner. The command of Navarro — -4 Ar rest him !' — was directed at random to the horror-stricken guests assem bled on the threshold. It was the rant of a man labouring under ex traordinary excitement. Easy enough was it for the Spaniard to shout, 4 Arrest him !' but none of those \yho heard was a police officer, and 'all were too dazed to think of taking the law into their own hands. Nick realized the impending dan ger of his case. If he stood there banding words with the wily envoy from Spain, the .' police would soon have him in custody. That would mean an investigation, and compel the complete exposure of his hand in order to get himself out of their clutches. And it was the sincerest desire of Nick's heart to keep his mission — aye, his very presence in Washington— unknown to the police authorities of that city. The time had passed to try to escape Navarro's trap by bantering words. He must act, and act boldly. Nick saw his opportunity and ac cepted it in a moment. When Na varro cried 4 Arrest him !' he half turned to the guests at his back, as if looking among them for an officer. In doing so he presented the left side to the detective; Nick was a post-graduate in the science of boxing, as we have had occasion to see before. He knew the exact spot in man's anatomy where a powerful well-directed blow from the fist will, in the parlance of the prize-list, put the victim to sleep. Navarro, in turning to make his appeal or command, presented this vulnerable spot to his adversary. Scarcely had the words left his lips when Nick's right arm shot out straight from the shoulder, and his large fist struck Navarro just below the ear with almost the force of an ancient battering-ram. The Spaniard was hurled against Mr, Gray, and then his body sank to the floor limp and apparently lifeless. Nick knew it would take two or three minutes to restore the man to sensibility, and in those two or three minutes it behoved him to get be yond reach. Hastily pulling one of the cards from his pocket, he flung it into the face of his ..unconscious foe, and as suming the air of a ' highly indig nant person, he exclaimed : 4 That is the way we resent an in sult in Brazil. I leave my card, so that if he wants further satisfaction he will know that I can be found. Mr. Gray, I humbly apologise for conduct in your house, and beg, at the same time, to be permitted to de part. I will see you again at the earliest possible hour.' Bowing to the guests, he passed rapidly down the stairs before any of them were able to collect their scat tered senses. Chick had preceded - him, and stood holding Nick's hat, coat and cane in the hall. As the latter re ceived him. he wispered : 4 To the carriage, Chick ! The game's up. you go with me.' A few moments later Patsy was holding open the door of Nick's carriage. 4 In you go, Chick,' said the detec tive to the pseudo valet. Chick obeyed with alacrity. 4 Home ?' inquired Patsy. 4 Not for our lives,' said Nick. 4 Any place but the Portland.' 4 Where then ?' 4 Start as if bound for that place. When well beyond pursuit, change your course and drive towards Mount Pleasant. Now, don't let your horses go to sleep.' Nick was inside with the door shut, and the curtains down ; Patsy was on the box, and had just seized the reins when a man's form ap peared in the doorway of the Gray residence. It was Manuel Navarro. 4 Stop that carriage !' he shouted. 4 Murder ! Do not let them escape !' A policeman on the beat heard his wild cries and hastened to the scene of excitement. He was too late. Nick's carriage was already out of sight, and the noise from its hoofs upon the asphalte pavement could no longer be heard. Thus passed from Washington society ail further knowledge of Nicholas Carter, mine owner; of Patsy, his coachman ; and of Mr. Gray's new valet. Not a trace of either was ever found, except the carriage and two horses, which were discovered during the afternoon of that day fastened to a picket fence in "the suburbs far from the exciting scenes of the early morning. The accusation of the Spanish en voy was very generally believed. The police accepted -it, and laid the unknown woman's death to the account of the absconding Brazilian and his emissaries. But those who had occasion to as sociate with Manuel Navarro noticed that for days afterwards he exhibited undue uneasiness, and for the time being had lost much of that imper turbable manner for which he had been admired. In the Pennsylvania train which rolled into Jersey City from the South that same evening was an elderly looking man, dressed like a well-to- do farmer. Sitting at his side in the smoking carriage was a rather awk ward, green-looking young man of rustic appearance, who might have been the farmer's son. Such an im pression at least was left upon the minds of other passengers. The two seemed much interested with the scenery they passed, and kept up a constant conversation, which was unheard, however, be cause there were few passengers in the carriage, and none occupied ad jacent seats. In the rear of the carriage, stretched as nearly at full length' on .a seat as possible, lay a still younger man, dressed in the rough clothes of a labourer. His hat was pulled down over his eyes, his pipe was held up side down in his hand, and he seemed to be making up for a great deal of lost sleep. Of course the farmer- like looking passenger was Nick, his seat compa nion. was Chick, and the young laborer asleep in the rear of the car riage was Patsy. The trio v/ere re turning to New York, a step, made necessary by the events described in the last two chapters. Nick;had not abandoned his case, howevfTr. Far from it. It is scarcely necessary to give such assurance, though, to those of our readers who know from his connection with for mer celebrated pieces of detective work that he never gives up when he once strikes a trail.. He may be, and often is, baffled and sorely pnzzled temporarily, but he is a firm believer in Cardinal Richelieu's motto that, 4 In the lexi con of youth there is no such word" as fail .' Before they left the train at Jersey City, Nick had scribbled a message on a leaf torn from a memorandum book. Inclosing it in a plain enve lope, he addressed it to Superinten dent Byrnes and handed it to Chick with a few words of caution. The note inclosed contained only these words : ' ' Please see bearer of this note at once. — Nick. When the train stopped our three disguised friends went at once to the ferry. Patsy and Nick, to all ap pearance strangers to each other, took the Desbrosses-street boat, while Chick crossed over to Cort- landt-street. Half an hour later he was at police headquarters. A clerk took the seemingly young countryman's note, glanced at the superscription, swept a suspicious look at.ths messenger, and said : 4 The superintendent is busy. You'll have to wait.' 4 Please send in the note and let him decide that point,' said Chick. The manner of Chick's speech, so unsuited to his outward appearance, caused the clerk to stare; Chick noted his puzzled look, and with a smile said : 4 Your experience here oughu to teach you to not always judge your visitors by their appearance. Please see that the superintendent gets that note immediately.'. The clerk flushed and passed into the private office of the chief. Almost immediately he came out, and, holdiug opgn the door, said with, a bow ; 4 The superintendent will see you.' As Chick entered the private office the superintendent looked up from his desk, where he had been busily writing: A flash of recognition lighted up his face. 4 Ah, Chick, is it you ?' 4 At your service, chief.' 4 What brings you to New York ?' ' I returned with Nick,' 4 What! Nick Carter back, too ? What news ?' 4 That he will himself report, sir.' ' Then why did he not come ?' 4 It was late, and he preferred to meet you at your house to-night, if you have no interfering engagement. He didn't care to keep you waiting for your dinner, sir.' . ' Very considerate, very. Well, tell Nick 1 will be at his entire service this evening, or all night, if he likes. Let him call about ten o'clock.' Chick bowed, and as he turned to leave, added, as if it was an after thought, something he almost forgot: ' Oh, Nick requests that you have on hand, if you please, all memor anda in your possession bearing on the Washington case.' Mr. Byrnes lowered his head and looked sharply at Chick over the rims of his glasses. 4 He isn't stumped, is he ?' was his inquiry. 4 I think not,' said Chick, with a smile. 4 But you'll have to judge for yourself after his report. Good day.' 4 Humph ! Good day.' Promptly, at ten o'clock, Nick was admitted to the presence of Superintendent Byrnes in the latter's library. The two men shook hands cordially. Then the chief turned to his butler, who announced the guest, and gave orders : 4 Let nobody disturb me until fur ther orders ; and remember, I am not at home, no matter who may call to see me.' The butler bowed and retired. Byrnes crossed the room, locked the door, and then turned to his guest, whom he motioned to a seat. Next, before a word was exchanged, the chief produced, his box of cigars, presented it to Nick, who helped himself, and then the superintendent selected one for his own use." Not till each had satisfied himself with a 4 light ' was the silence broken. It was the chief who spoke first. 4 Well ?' 4 I have returned,' said Nick, blow ing a few rings of smoke towards the ceiling. 4 Have returned unexpec tedly.' 4 Then you have wound up the case ?" 4 No. On the contrary, it nearly wound me up.' 4 Indeed ! But you have not failed ? I don't need to ask that question of Nick Carter.' 4 Not failed. No. But I have been switched off. I must return on another track.' 4 Then Nicholas Carter, mine owner of Brazil' — 4 Has disappeared from Washing ton society, where he is believed to be a murderer.' The superintendent's only reply was to turn a questioning look upon the detective. 4 1 shall have to go back and con tinue the work in some other guise — just what that may be I shall deter mine after we have taked over affairs.' 4 Well, Nick, I am impatient to hear what occurred after your last letter to me was written.' 4 I will give you the story. But first, will you answer a few questions ? It will help me understand some of the things which look darkest.' 4 Ask them.' 4 This Del Puente had seven chil dren ? And to each one he gave a ring ? These rings were all alike, representing a serpent with diamond eyes ?' The chief nodded an affirmative. 4 Are all these rings in existence ?' 4 Five of them are. Two of them were destroyed fifty years ago.' 4 Chick and I have seen two of the five. Three , of them are yet to be found.' 4 Then I can help you. I can shorten your work.' 4 How ?' 4 By producing the third one.' The superintendent went to his safe, opened a secret draw therein, and took out a package, which he carefully unrolled. Then he held before Nick/ aston ished eyes a ring exactly like that which Chick had picked from Na varro's pocket, and like the one Chick had seen in the hands of Ethel Gray only the day before. 4 Whose is it ?' asked Nick, when he had recovered from his surprise. 4 It was Theresa Orlando's,' -coolly replied the superintendent. CHAPTER XXXVIII. the history of the rings. After the superintendent had care fully wrapped up the precious ring and replaced it in the safe, he re sumed his seat facing Nick, and pro ceeded calmly to smoke his cigar. 4 Where did you get that ring, chief?' inquired Nick, after he had had time to do some considerable thinking. 4 It was entrusted to my care by the poor girl's mother.' 4 1 thought so.' 4 What did you think ?' Wour mysterious visitor in this room, on the night before you sent me to Washington with sealed orders, was Madame Orlando.' 4Y7es.' 4 And she told you ' — ' A story which I intended she should tell you herself as she told it to me.' Nick nodded his head slowly with out removing his eyes from the face of his chief. 4 But her untimely death upset the plan.' 4 Exactly.' % ' And then ' — ' And then you did some work in the premises which, being reported to me, was in part so much of a sur prise, that I concluded you had better continue your investigations unham pered by a knowledge of Mrs. Or lando's revelation.' , 4 True, and I returned to the work. How well did I keep on the right trail ?.' 4 1 can answer you better after I have heard what you discovered, and what happened since your last re port.' ' 1 4 Then listen.' ' ! Nick carefully detailed everything which' had happened to him or come to the knowledge of himself or Chick after he had sent his letter to the chief. 4 Now, where am I right and where have I been wrong ?' ' You must judge for yourself.'. to be continued. 