THE UNWELCOME GUEST. -0 The festive season was at hand, with its countless souvenirs of days gone by, of many happy meetings, and many a friend iever more to be seen at such joyous gatherings. In other words, it was Christmas Eve, and about two hours before midnight. The snow fell in large flakes, wrapping .ll without in its fleecy mantle. Those within, who had not retired to rest, drew closer around the cheerful fire, or com pleted their joyous preparations for the next day's cheer, enjoying in anticipation the blithe Yule-tide with near friends beloved and trusted. Seated in the chimney corner, roasting chestnuts, making jokes, Eating pudding d la Homer, see employed our little folks ; Parents with their guests united, chatting S gaily o'er the past, Boundless cheer, wax candles lighted, oh, that Christmas e'er might last. A striking contrast to all this was Simon Smallcoat,. as he sat by his solitary hearth toasting his toes. before a blazing fire, and every now and then sipping the toddy which steamed on a table at his elbow. Smallcoat was a widower of a year's standing. The deceased Mrs Smallcoat had- departed] this life without having left him any token of her affection S'Simon,' she said at parting, 'promise me that you will never take another wife ; and Smallcoat, who had always lived in. awe of his better half, had given the requireda pledge. But scarcely had six months elapsed: whens SSmalIcoat succumbed to the dark eyes of Jemima Jessamine,. who had at last agreed to. become the second Mrs Smallcoat; and this very desirable event was fixed for the morrow.. No wonder, then, that Smallcoat had. sample food for reflection, At first his thoughts reverted. to. the dce ceased' Mrs. Smalicoat, but these not being particularly pleasant, he replenished the fire, brewed' another bowl of punch,. and settled down determined to think only of his near approaching happiness. H ow long he sat gazing into the fire' and imbibing his grog is not quite certain,. but,. suddenly turning round, he saw, at the further end of the room, and. sitting in, the late Mrs Smallcoat's easy chair, the deceasedi lady herself-or her ghost. Now, Smallcoat was, not a believer in ghosts. He could not conceive how any sane per son could yield faith to such nonsense. But now there was noroom for doubt.. There she sat, bony as ever,, looking fixedly' at him, Smallcoat shook in his slippers, unable to, take his eyes off the figure. ' You. didn't expect to see- me,. did: you,. Simon,' said the apparitior. Smallcoat muttered something: about notr. anticipating that pleasure; ' 'I just called,' cont;nued the spectre, 'to. remind, you of your promise, is-it true that: y you are about to marry again. ?. Smallcoat was silent. i. ' Do you hear?' said the' ghost, sternly.. Smallcoat trembled like- an, aspens andi vainly tried- to-articulate;. ' Speak !''screamed, the phantom, making a. threatening gesture.. "N-no,' stammered Smallcoat, in: agony 3 Lno, Betsy it's all. . mistake.. ' Swear !' said the figure, menacingly.. " I swear,' replied, the- terror-stricken, Smallcoat,. without daring to. look at the spectre.. A long silknce-then- prevailed. When at last Smallcoat ventured to. look: up, the chair was empty, and he was alone.. All through the night Smallcoat sat in his; chair: ' Morning found his position unchanged. Presently he was roused by a loud knock ing at the street door, and, on opening it, stood aghast at the good-humored face of Jemima's father. LHullod !' cried old Jessamine; ' not ready yet ; why, they're all waiting for you ! Come along, old fellow ; make haste! Smallcoat mechanically put on his boots,. changed his coat, and donned his hat, themn allowed himself to. be led away by his would- be father-in-law. How he got to. the church he scarcely knew ~a-ll seemed to him in a dream. Hle was only awakened out of his lethargy by the ominous words, \ Wilt thou take this, woman to be thy wedded. wife ?. He opened his lips to give an affirmative answer, but his.tongue clove to the roof of his mouth. For, just raising his eyes to look at the speaker, be beheld standing on the top. step of the altar, with her stony eyes fixed upon him, the ghostly form of the late Mrs Small cont. Smallcoat's knees knocked together, his. hair stood on end, and an icy tremor per vaded his whole frame. S' Wilt thou take this woman to be thy wedded wife ?' repeated the minister, in a tone that brooked no trifling. I No ' shrieked Smnallcoat, making a violent effort to speak, and gazing as if fascinated at the phantom. ' No ; it's all a mistake, I never meant to.' Hereupon a scene ensued that bafles Sdescription. The bride fainted away in the arms of the bridesmaids, and was carried into the vestry ;-the clergyman looked astounded, and angry murmurs broke forth amongst the bridal party, Old Jessamine, half demented, rushed upon the unfortunate Snmallcoat ; with his left hand grasping him firmly by the collar he raised his right to inflict summary vengeance. Smd~lcoat, hitherto spell-bound, made an almost superhuman effort for self preserva vation. In endeavoring to escape he gave a fright ful yell and--awoke. His lamp had burned low, the lire was out and nothing remained of his last spirituous Sdecoction. Just then the clock on the mantel piece struck three. f 'Simon,' said Mrs Smallcoat on New YearX' night, 'do not take more than two Shuses, tner-'s a dear ; you know how it affects your head.' 