fttE Municipal Council is to be oon gratulated on the deciEion arrived at on Monday, (or the appointment sf an elec trician vfho shall We full tthwtee of tbo electric Worksi ^ho Aldermen who vrerc in favor ot postponing the appointment are entitled to credit, for their fears that Complications Plight arise are certainly not unjustifiable, and there have been Sufficient compli cations, and lots to spare, in connec tion frith this subject. But if the Aldermen will only oease their silly bickerings and their constant attacks on the contractors, there is really no reason why any complications should arise. The citizens of Launcesto have accepted a work which will,fin ronnd numbers, cost about £00,000, and the magnitude of the scheme de mands that the worlre shftll be en trusted to a thoroughly competent man, one skilled in Blec'trJcity in all its phases, and who can make the electric light a success. No sane individual after enAbarking in such an enterprise would entrust its management to any but an expert, who wonld combine complete education with practical knowledge. The stake is far too large to allow of any blundering, and the experience of the world demonstrates that to make an electric light Scheme a success it must be Controlled by a thoroughly competent electrician. So far from the appointment being pre mature it would appear that no time is to be lost if the Council intends to carry out the proposal of advertising the position in England and America. For example the advertisement cannot be published before the end of Sep tember, then applications have to be forwarded to Lannceston, which will ocenpy till about the end of November. By the time the successful applicant is appointed and notified to that effect the New Year will be with us; probably it will be several weeks before the officer is at liberty to leave England, and it may safely be anticipated that he could not enter upon his new duties till the end of March or April. As the electric light will probably be ready for turning on in September the six months' main tenance which the contractors have to fulfil will expire in March or April at the latest, and the Council must, at latest, have a thoroughly efficient electrician to take charge of the works when handed over by the contractors. It is, moreover, very desirable that this officer should be in Lauuceston for some time before the Council takes over the work, iu order that he may have thoroughly mastered his duties before the complete responsibility is placed on his shoulders. Besides, surely the Council does not intend to sleep away quietly until the works are handed over to them ? If the trade iwere pushed energetically, in half the busi ness houses in the principal streets the work of installation should be com pleted by the time the Council comes into posEession, and thus the electric light would in a very short time be returning revenue to meet the cost of interest. This is the course that would be adopted by any business man or company, and the Council should see to it that the capital invested in the electric lighS is not allowed to lie idle one day longer than is absolutely necessary. The interest on the cost of construc tion of those works will he very nearly £2500 per annum, aud this amount must necessarily be puid by the tax payers until it is earned by the sale of the light and motive power which will Bhortly be at the disposal of the Council. The Bale of these commodi ties should now be the chief bnsineES of the Council, for on this depends entirely the success — or failnre — of the electric light scheme. It is not enough that the light itself is a success — it must be remunerative, or else the citizens will have made a bad bargain . That it can, and will, be made re munerative we are confident,.provided that the Aldermen will cease from their silly bickeringE, their unworthy interfer ence, and will conduct the transference of the commodity in their possession into a marketable property. There are business men in the city who are desirous of securing installation imme diately, in order that they may obtain the electric light as soon as the street lighting is commenced ; and if the business men were canvassed in a business-like manner there is little doubt that extensive orders lvonld tie obtained. It should always be before the Council that every pound earned by the electric light is so much less taxation to be paid, and, further, that ever pound of the deficiency repre sented between the interest and the sale of the light must be made up by the citizens, in the shape of additional taxation. The whole success ? or failure — of the de-:tric light scheme dtfpouds entirely on tire income from the sale of the light and motive power ; aud, this being so, the Council should energetically aud vigorously push bnei uees in this direction, and the first consideration is the appointment of a thoroughly competent electrical en gineer. The Council of Agriculture, as the representative body of the farmers, might be supposed to be the best authority on agricultural education, but a very grave mistake is made when it is proposed to introduce lessons on agriculture into State Schools. The course of study in our rural schools is already enough for the average capacity of the children when the com paratively early age at winch many parents rr-movft them i« taken into cxmsiuVration, and it must Ik very uudefiirable to further increase the already only partially loarncd snbjccts. And. liesides, the wisdom of occupying the time of a boy who may not become a farmer in learning agriculture ? iu the exceedingly elementary and per functory manner in which only it will be probably taught in a State School —is more than doubtful. If the Council is sincere in its wish to further agricultural education, it ought to be informed that anything 6hort of thorough technical instruction is time and money wasted. Agriculture is a technical snbject, and ought to be specially studied by those who intend to make farming their profession, and nowhere can thiB be more cheaply and efficiently done than in connection with our Technical Sahoolii Prupel'ljqualified teachers -«ah be feiisily procured, and arrangements c'orild'b£ made ?far afe» email eSjleHiilehtftl itlrits »V it merely nmstattt OSpehSS, wbeh the teatetafer could practically, illustrate bis subject, and make such field experiments as he thought necessary, - irhtle ihdS6rB; well.-eqnljip; iatioratbries can lie hirhlBhed at verv siieht expense. Tt is surprising that, notwithstanding the assumed contempt of farmers for So called ' theory,' they should be found so thoroughly impractical as to advo Mte tefbai inBtftUJtiun tn «Mbnlttife ty Slate- Bohool teaftheH . 'We '%c convinced that ifich an additita to our Teohnical Schools as we advocate wonld react upon the fartiiing cbrh1 piuMity . at large) 6nt if ihelutoh.U wefidy approached by the Oounoil, or snoh poor substitutes as the proposed 'lessons on agriculture ' be allowed to pass as inBtrnotion in agriculture, the ability of the Council to initiate or carry on efficiently any Bcheme of agricultural education worthy oE the name will eoon be brought' into question. A ConltfcSPoNDlsVl', who Is thoroughly reliable; has fortVttrded lib a statement which Certainly demands some ex planation. A few days ago a police man visited a settler's house with a demand for the land tax for the yoaia 1891-2-8-4, also being armed with a distress warrant, his orders being to seize either stock or goods till the demand was satisfied. The settler had received no prior intimation, bad received no demand for rates, and only took possemton. of the property last yeah As the demand was imperative — pay up the four years' rates or have the stock seized, with the additional cost of bailiff's charges— the money was paid, and our informant states that other settlers in. the district (Exeter) are being similarly treated. Evidently someone has blundered, and the matter should certainly be investi gated without delay. In these days of depression it is surely sard enough on farmers to have to pay the taxes for which they are justly liable, without compelling them to pay the taxes due on property before they, took pos session. The Allesed SHtrQOLiKo Cask.— The report of the Customs officer, who was in strumental in attaching the jewellery sup posed to have been smuggled has been for warded on to Messrs. Miller and Miller, who are preparing a caBe againBt Bobcrt Hamil ton Findlay, and it is likely the charge will be heard before the polioe magistrate towards the end of the present or the be ginning of next week. It is understood that Findlay bos instructed MilI.J. Clarke (of Clarke and Croft) to defend him. Sham, Debts Cotjbt.— i. sitting ol the Supreme Court, in the Email Debts Act Jurisdiction, will be held to-day before Mr Justice Adams. There arc three cases to be heard, including one for ditnageE for slander brought by Emily Harris against Wm. and Alice BewBher. FBESBYTEEUKI6M AT LATBOBE. — A correspondent writes : — At the OiidfellowB* Hall on Sunday evening Mr Wm. TosuhcIi again conducted service after the churches had closed, and the attendance waB even larger than on the previous Sabbath. The discourse was listened to with marked inter est, and the preacher's tenor solo, ' The holy city,' was greatly appreciated. Mr Toshach'isthcsonof the Eev. Mr Toshach, Presbyterian minister, who m&dt;! many friends in our town some years ago &s; resi dent paBtor. The Hill op Taea.— A correspondent writes: — The brevity notice In Monday's Daily Telegraph that 'the Archaeological Society U being urged to explore the Hill of Tara' 1b peculiarly interesting to believers in BritiBh-Iarael trnth. This ancient monnd is understood to be the burial place of the FrinccsB Tca-Ttiphi, who was married to the Tuatha de Danaan, or ruling King of Ireland, The Princess ib supposed to be one of the daughters of Zcdekiah, the last King of Judflh, and to be taken thither by the prophet Jeremiah (011am Follfth). Jacob's pillar and the ark were also conveyed to Ireland at the same time, and the former is identical with the coroDation stone in West minster Abbey, and the ark, it is con jectured, was buried with the friuccea, and the latter is the connecting link between David's line and our own Uoyal Honae. The projected exploration o&a; long been advo cated by the Eev. DeniB Hanan, D.D., vicar of Tipperary, who is well known to all readers of Britiih- Iarael literature, which fa&B; for its main object the proclamation and dissemination of the many indisputable identic cations of the Anglo-Saxon race with the Lost Ten Tribes of Israel. St. Akdbew'b Bakd of Hope— A meet* ing of St. Andrew's Band of Hope and Gospel Temperance Society was held* at the school-room, 6t, John-etreet, last evening. There was a good attendance, and the Eev. J. H. Sballbcrg presided. After the meet ing had been opened the chairman addressed a few words to those present in favor of total abstinence. A good programme was then given by the following performers : — Mfsdamcs Lord and Bmith ; Misses Ethel Scott, A. Fletcher, and Ella William s ; Messrs. Broomby, Smith, Poasty, and Peters. The meeting wan closed with the benediction. Michael Davitt Committee. —At a fall meeting of the above committee last evening it was decided that Mr Davitt should give a new lectnre hitherto un published. The arrangements for his re ception axe that, he ehail be met on the 27th inst. by the committee and taken to the Cornwall Assembly Booms, there to be entertained with refreshments, and then to be presented with addresses of welcome in the large hall. As Mr Davitt has to be in Melbourne by July 3 he will only be able to deliver one lecture in Launceston and one in Hobart. Si*00K6. — On Monday evening next Mr HoBking, the clever conjuror, ventriloquist, and ghost manufacturer, will give a display of hit) many and wcll-att^rjied uilcots at the Mechanics' Institute. Throughout Austra lia he has become famous an (be ex poser of the 'Mellon' spiritualistic frauds which succeeded in making fools of v. number of most intellectual leading citizens of Sydney. He is said to prod ace more spooky spooks than Mrs Mellon ever attempted, and to 'do it under far greater disadvantages. Mr Hocking has also earned a high reputation as an all-round exponent of lugerdemain and ventriloquism, and is assisted in a vurv extensive programme, which is on the lines of the well-known English entertainers, Messrs. Maskclyne and Cook, by Miea Aida Fiia-Hoy, herself 'eery clcveT, untl muBical to boot. Iwebmay Water Scpny.— A nieutinc of the inhabitant of Invermay and Ncwn ham will be held at BU George's school room to-night to receive a report of cxpcrtB who have visited a creek to the cast of Smilic'e Junction, whence it ie suggested an independent water supply can be obtained for the suburbs mentioned. CHAniTAiiLE Cake FAin.— The children's ward at the General Hospital and the Bene volent Society are to benefit by the nroc.eds of a cake fair and sale of v.'rrrk to lake plncf: lo-day at the Launceeton College, Klphio road. Exhibitions of gymnastic drill will given in the afternoon and evening under the direction of Eergeant-Major Welch. 'Buses will leave the city at 7 p.m. and re turn at 10 p.m. Early Closing Association — To-night the fourth popular concert given by ihe above association will be held in the Mechanics' Institute. Mr W. J. M 'Williams M.H.A., will preside, and the doors will be opened at 7*15 p.m. Prior to the concert, a torchlight procession of shop assistants, headed by the City Band, will parade from Ibc Workmen's Club. A strong programme has been arranged, and several members of the Launceston Comedy Club will appear in recitals and vocal interludes. The com mittee are working bard to cater for the public in the shape of providing a rational and cheap evening's amusement, and no doubt a bumper house will reward their efforts, AtjtJATiG BAit.— theedmtaltteciDetlaBt night at the #riabanA libtel {*) .Complete arrangement* itfr the .eMCceetfbl cfTOotf out of thii baU, at the Albert £aiI?S6u Friday tight. It, wa'a defcideii to engage HiBBrs/£coU&hd; Bfo%b^ band & ptariao thubic doting' the evening. The doots 6t Ihe hall will be opened to the public at 730 p.m., and the grand march of £cU will start hincttiaUv &t; S-flO.n.'m. Admittance to the rcDcrVcd p&iiob; 6f the gtlUefy will be made by the right-of-way at the back ot the imge end of the building, while other gallery ticket holdtrs will enter the building from the lower door, facing Tamar-street. Untimely- Fhuit. — A curiosity was shown at tbla office yesterday , in the shape tif an Apple bbn-h on which were a number of second grbtftil in tine fiea^'n; . One bbtigh had 36 dppki attached,' and the friiitf ot tSe pippin species, varied in size from email crab to the ordinary kind. The apples were from a tree in the earden of Mr Ezra PriBmall, Upncr.Et. John-Blrcet. F£bisi6§iHh *rd BBfr; LifllUQBB.— Heary Charles Abbott was yesterday gittnttsd pet* mission at the Police Court to sell liquors at tku Boyal Oak Hotel until the next quarterly meeting of the Licensing Bench under the license held by Thomas Collins. A Splendid Bbtubn.— A North-West Coast correspondent writes : — 1 have to record this season the production of one ot the finest crops of potatoes I have heard of for years on the Coast. Mr A. W. Clark, of the Pine-toad, Penguin, has dug off new land lately taken up by him an average of 14 tons to the acre, and two of these fine tubers vrere exhibited tit flevdnport a few da; s since, which weighed together SJlb. These latter were a good shape, and as sound as a bclL Mr CJark says the ground out of which he dug this bigxield sucmed to be a mass of potatocB when the fork was put in. A Nabbow Escape- — Our Scottodalc concspondcnt reports : — Heary Groves, the groom at the Commercial Hotel, had a narrow escape on Monday from being severely injured. It appears that Groves was carting coal from the station to the hotel. On going into the y&rd;| which has a down grade, the breeching broke, and the near siuc wheel of the vehicle came iu con tact with the cornet of the building, throw ing the Jbare and knocking Groves down, .besides smashing one shaft and bending the axle. Willing hands were soon on the spot to render assistance. On Groves recovering himself it was found that he could not move his arm, »nd it was thought the member was dislocated. Mrs Lord immediately had him taken to the doctor, and on cxatnina 'tion it was found that the arm was partially dislocated, and the injured limb was at once act in ite position. Tlic harness was very much broken, but the horse got oil without a scratch, ?Ukitebsity Council —At a meeting of this body on Monday (says the Mercury), there were present : — The Chancellor (Ills Honor Sir Lambert Dobson, CJ.), the Vice* Ohancellor (Rev. Gco. Clarke), Mr Justice Dodda ; Reva. Dr. Scott ami T. Kelah ; Hona. N. J. Brown, M.H.A., E. L. Crowther, MiH.A., MesBrs. W, Tarletoo, T. Stephens, J. B. Walker, and the Registrar (Col. Cruick* fihauk). On the motion of the Vice Chancellor, it was resolved that the scholar ship of £20 held by Edith Kate Norris be made tenable at the Collegiate School in accordance with the wish of the parents, it having been ascertained that the school is - quite up to the stan dard. Mr P. W. 'Weierter, organist of St. David's Cathedral, wrote that having been requested to form a class for the stud v oi baTmoif4 aTid counttTpoiii\ ,ix liad occurred to him '',at such a class might be advan tageonsl}' connected with the University, He proposed that it he htsld in St. Daviu's Bchool-room, aud that he be paid according to r- suits. If the University pianoforte playing and singing, but music, practical and scientific) to its curriculum, and would grant degrees in such subjects, he conduct the studies necesFary on the' same terms. It wan resolved to inform the writer that it is not at present contemplated to confer degrees in music at the University. Mr N. J. Brown called attention to the ques tion of including federalism in the subjects for examination for the MA. degree. Mr Walker thought it might form a branch of the history subject. The matter was re ferred to the Board of Studies, and the council resolved into committee. Hib Grace Aech bishop Muephy.— To- day (Bars the Mercury of Tuesday} His Grace Archbishop Murphy will complete the 80 tb year of his age, having been born on the memorable day of the battle ox Water loo, June 18, 1816. From this circumstance an a child he was often called ' Wellington' by his family circle. The Archbishop was educated at Maynooth College, Ireland, which has been the nursurv for many of the most able of the Irish clergy, and after a verv excellent course of Btuily wae ordained in 183U, so thai he has bucn G*7 years a priiel. Be sclbcLed the Foreign Mission in India us the field of his future labors. After some time spent at Madras he proceeded to Hyderabad, the Kizam of which wsb a great friend to the British, On October 11, Ib56, he was consecrated Bhhop, bo that if he lives till October nt-xt ytar he will celebrate the golden jubilee of his episcopate. He was in Hyderabad during the mutiny, and took a great interest in arming the students of his college in order that they might be ready to repel any attack. This fortun ately, owing to the Kieam's peaceful dis position toward b the British, did not take place. Owing to failing health, in conse quence of his bard work in such a burnine climate, he was transferred in 1865 from Hyderabad to Ilobart, Jirst as Coadjutor to Bishop Willson, the first Bishop of Hobart, and whose memory ie etill held in benedic* tion by all classes and creeds in Tasmania, and in the following year was appointed lo succeed him as Bishop of Hobart. In 1689, Pope Leo XIII. created him Arch bishop, raising the Sec to an Arch bit hopric. Cardinal Moran, as the delegate of His Holincae, came to Ilobart and in vested the Archbishop with the Pallium, the mark of Archie pisco pal authority and jurisdiction. A couple of years ago, in consequence of advancing years, thu Holy See gave him a Coadjutor, in the person of DiEbop Delany. As a proof of bis hale health at the present time, it may be men tioned that he yesterday went to Port Arthur on Church business, from which be is expected to return this afternoon. For an octogenarian, and especially iu mid-winter, such is a wonderful under taking, and everyone will re-echo our wish that His Grace may yet enjoy many more vcaTs of health and happiness ere be com 'iJclcBlhcworkin which lje has bo nobly labored. A Vetcbak'b lilRTllDAY.— The Huv. Dr Jatuefl MarLiucau, proliiilily the oldu&l; Non mjiuy congrcaulalioiiB oa Uifi I'dOlli Irirt-lid&v;, ou April 21. Amongst lliu wishes for *'manv happy returns of the day' was a resolution itaF&cd; by the Loudon DJBiricL Unitarian Society, to which Dr. Manioi-au bas replied, ' In the retrospect of ninety years,1' he saye, ' there iB a pathetic mixture of gratitude for ample opportunity and humiliation for insignificant performances. The habitual pressure of the luticr iu the only cloud that ovcrhaugB bj y dcclininij path. My friends— as if they caught, eight of the Bhariow and understood it — try to clo&e; oi my last dccuiie, thai Vbc labor ol bo indeed, become clearer, its possibilities nobler, its sanctities deeper, its immortality surer, through tho Gimple report of inv own cxpcricnca, I thank the Father of Light for thus joining iuu in love— be it only to two or three brethren in spirit and children of .Robert Wolfe, the direct importer, of CharlcB-stroet. calJs special attention to Iris grand reduction hi1-\ which inclines nil this season^ importations. The mluctions arc very noticeable in the windows, as the goo^s arc marked in plain figures. Special men tion is made of the imported French aud English millinery and ladies' jackets, also the noted iron wear hose in ladies' and children's sizes. Public meeting at Ulvcrstonc Town Hall at 8 p.nj. on Friday to consider the form of a memorial to the late Mm Noako. It U hoped there will be a good attenrJanco. Messrs. R. D. UichardB and Co., of 'The Grand Old House, Brisbane-street, advertise a twenty -one days' mid- winter nalc, com the greatest bargnius ever known in Tas mania arc promised. Tho price list will be published in Friday's paper. Cowen's cantata, 'Sleeping Beauty' will be the programme of tlic Philharmonic Society ou Tliuntfar, 27th inst. Final rehearsal of Launceston Musical Union, 7'30 p.m., at the MvchanicD1 Insti tute. 