THE CARDINAL'S CRITICS. HIS EMINENCE ANSWERS BISHOP CHAL MERS AND CANON KEMMIS. DEYOIION TO THB BLESSED VIRGIN — THE CHURCH AND THE BIBLE. Tub Cardinal- Archbishop of Sydney, speaking at the foundation-stone of the new ehurch at Chats wood on Sunday last, in a powerful address, which. ?we give in full, answered some half-dozen of the . Protestant critics of his Reunion of Christendom lecture. His Eminence, who was enthusiastically received, Baid : I congratulate you on the most interesting little ceremony of this afternoon— -a ceremony which means that you hare a church in a maniier of speaking brought to your own deors. (Applause.) Your church is to bear the title of Our Lady of Dolours, and I trust it will be for the faithful people of this beautiful district a centre of piety and a fountain of virtue. (Applause.) As I camo along I noticed with pleasure the number of new build ings, and it seems to me the sites have been chosen ?with wonderful discrimination. I do not know about Sydney any district in which amidst most beautiful scenery the sites for dwellings have been so well picked. (Hear, hear.) It was not my intention to address you at any great length to day, the practical purpose of this gathering being to assist Father M'Namara ia raising the funds required for carrying on the building of this school church, but I would ask you to permit me to deal ?with some matters which, have claimed public attention during the past few months. (Hear, hear.) I ask you to allow me to continue nay remarks on the statements of some of my .critics. (Applause.) THE PROTESTANT BISHOP AND THE ' UNTENABLE - POSITION.' A fortnight ago I took occasion to reply to some criticisms of his Lordship Dr. Chalmers, the Pro testant Bishop of Goulburn. Since then he has returned to the attack and repeated many of his previous charges against the teaching of the Catho lic Church. I regret that I cannot spare more than a few words to reply to him to-day. I may deal ?with him, however, at another time. I have pro mised my other critics that I had a rod in keeping for them, andit would not be fair to defer the opera tion too long. (Applause and laughter.) I re ferred to Protestant bishops and other Protestant leaders, men of learning and unblemished life, who had by word and deed declared the position of the Anglican Church to be untenable. Dr. Chalmers asks in astonishment who are those bishops and other distinguished men. He had never heard of them. (Laughter.) Well, in my lecture I gave the names of neveral. If he has not read my lecture \- he should not have undertaken to criticize it. If he has read it, he must have found there the informa tion which he now asks for. (Applause.) I named Bishop Goodman and Primate Usher. I gave the words of Bishop Montagu, who moreover declared that almost all the bishops of England shared his sentiments. I might have added the names of Bush, Bishop of Bristol, Brown, Archbiohop of Dublin, Casey, Bishop of Limerick, Magrath, Archbishop of Cashel, all of whom renounced Anglicanism and sought rest for their weary hearts in Jtiolj Church. Their example was followed by Bishop Gordon, of Glasgow, in the last century, and by Bishop Ives, of North Carolina, in the United States, in our own day. It should not be necessary for me to repeat names with which every one now- a- days is familiar, the names of Bailey and' Brownson and. Preston, of Newmanand the Wilberforces (applause), of Man ning and Allies (applause) and Speneer, of Faber and Ward and Northcote, and a thousand others who made the sacrifice of everything that this world holds dear through their conviction that it was only in the Catholic Church salvation could be found (Applause.) But would it not suffice for me to refer to the English Church Union of which Lord Hallifax is the distinguished head, with its long roll of more. than 6000 clergymen, as a standard proof to justify my statement that there is no autho ritative teaching in the Anglican Church, no centre of unity of faith, no tribunal to decide the religious controversies that may arise, and therefore that its position is quite untenable ? (Applause.) PROTESTANT MISREPRESENTATION OF DEVOTION TO THE BLESSED VIRGIN. But it is on Catholic devotion to the Blessed Virgin that Dr. Chalmers loves particularly to dwell. He can hardly find words to denounce our practices of Catholic piety in this matter. Let us see. however, whether his reason ing is based on reality or on fiction. His Lordship affirms that it is an insult to the majesty of God to address the BlesBed Virgin as a dispenser of His graces and blessings. And yet wa& Bhe not chosen in the ways of the Divine mercy to be the dispenser to us of the greatest of all divine gifts and blessings, the Redeemer Himself ? What wonder, then, that she would receive the mission from her Divine Son to bestow other graces upon us ! The ancient liturgies all salute the Blessed Virgin as endowed with this mission by God. In the Ambrosian Liturgy we read: 'The Virgin Mary, the Virgin without stain, has shone on the universe as a beautiful star. Eve shut against us the gates of Paradise ; Mary has opened them, wide. We were plunged in deepest gloom ; she has recalled us to the joy of the ancient light. Pray for us, O Virgin Mary, Immaculate Mother of God !' And again : ' To whom do we owe the gift of the Bread of Angels, if not to the fruit of her womb ? Has not Mary restored to us that of which Eve's sin had robbed us ? Between the Virgin and the serpent what a distance ! To the latter we owe the effusion of deadly poison ; to the former the mysteries of sal vation.' Not to multiply such references, I will only add the sweet words of the Armenian Liturgy: ' The Holy Church of God proclaims the incorrup tibility of the Blessed Virgin Mary, Mother of God. She it is who has givanus the bread of immortality and the chalice of joy. Bless the Virgin, bless her in devotest song. O Mary, pray for us.' When Pharoah placed Joseph over the granaries of Egypt assuredly it was not derogatory to the monarch's dignity that the Egyptians would have recourse to this exalted Viceroy. And let me ask was it not at the prayer of the Blessed Virgin that Our Saviour performed His first great public miracle, changing water into wine ? Is the power of her pleading leas to-day than it was thun? May we not pray her to obtain from her Divine Son that in a spiritual, man ner tfc.e eauae miracle be renewed in our behalf? tfHE tilSHOP ANI) *Hfl ' GODDESS.' I referred to the paintings of the Blessed 'Virgin which adorn the sanctuarieB of the early Christians in the Catacombs. Dr. Chalmers says he never heard of them. If he be not versed in that branch of sacred literature, I fear it is too late in the 19th. century for me to endeayour to instruct him. (Laughter and applause.) The series of those ancient frescoes of the Blessed Virgin wkb pub-, lished in facsimile, thirty years ago, by the ablest of modern Christian antiquarians, the Chevalier De Rossi. He attests that at least one of them dates from the Apostolic age and that no less than twenty of them belong to the centuries before Constantine. Some of them are inserted by Perret in his work on the Catacombs, some too are published by Agin court, and most of them with various other repre sentations of the Blessed Virgin are given in Gar rucci's great ' History of Sacred Art,'' published in six volumes, imperial folio, in 1881. Dr. Chal mers, however, is jubilant because he finds in a Latin inscription attached to a modern painting in some Munich church that the Blessed Virgin is addressed under the title of Diva, which word he is pleased to translate as goddess. In this statement his Lordship beats the record of absurdities. (Ap plause.) He need not have gone to Munich to look for the word Diva. In any dictionary which illus trates the Latin language as used in mediaeval or modern times, he would find that it means saint, holy, blessed. (Hear, hear.) In a hundred libra ries in Australia he would meet with a commentary 'In JEpistolas DM JPauU,' which certainly does not mean ' the epistles of the god Paul,' but the Epistles of St. Paul.' He would find also the ' Opera DM Augiistini.' Does that mean the works of the god Augustine? No, but the works of St. Augustine. Open any treatise on Patrology, you will see a commentary on the letters ' DM Oypriani,' that is of St. Cyprian. During the past days I happened to be reading about a liturgical manuscript preserved in the British Museum (Har leian MSS., No. 2787). It is marked 'Ad tmtm Hcdesiae Divi Fauli,' which simply means ' for the use of St. Paul's Church, London.' Surely his Lordship would never dream of charging the intelligent Londoners with having erected a temple to the god Paul. (Laughter.) Let us sup pose some unfortunate German far away in Munich was fool enough to call Our Blessed Lady a goddess; was that a reason why the whole Catholic Church should be blamed? (Applause.) But as I have shown, it is not on the head of the luckless German but on the head of his Lordship the fool's cap must be placed. (Laughter.) I trust that in this mag nificent blunder of his Lordship it is his latinity and not his good faith that is at fault (laughter), but if he has a particle of integrity or honour or honesty he will retract the monstrous accusation into which he has been betrayed. (Applause.) WHY THIS BITTERNESS ? And here I would wish to ask how is it that so many Protestant dignitaries display such a bitterness in their attacks o-i devotion to the Blessed Virgin? An angel from Heaven saluted her as full of grace and thrice blessed. Would we not expect to find the same inspired words and the same sweet salutation on the lips of the dignitaries of the Anglican. Church ? But no ; in their dealing with tho Blessed Virgin they display no sentiments except those of enmity and hatred. Must we not see in this the fulfilment of the prophetic announcement, 'I will set enmity between thee and the woman,' and are not the words of St. Augustine once more verified when he cried out that all heresies were crushed by the Blessed Virgin — 'Thou alone hast crushed all heresies, O Holy Mother of God ' ? When heresy is crushed by her, it is no wonder that it would endeavour to recoil and bite at her heel. (Applause.) THE CHURCH AND THE SACRED SCRIPTURE. But my special purport to-day is to review those critics who have proposed to themselves to malign the teaching of the Church in the matter of the Sacred Scripture. There is, perhaps, no one point on which the assail ants of the Catholic Church are more agreed among themselves or on which they more frequently insist than our supposed hostility to the Bible. (Hear, hear.) The Catholic Church, they say, rejects the Sacred Scripture, the Popes have kept it from the hands of the faithful, its authority is ignored by the Catholic Church, and were it not for the Reforma tion in the 16 th century that sacred light would long ago have been extinguished amongst us. Now, in those statements, repeated though they be by Angli cans and Presbyterians and Methodists, and eveiy other form of Protestantism, there is not a single particle of truth. (Applause.) The Catholic Church has for 18 centuries guarded the Sacred Scripture with the most jealous care and has ever commended it to her faithful children. Protestants who talk so glibly about the Bible owe it to the Catholic Church that they have a Bible to talk about. (Ap plause.) It is her authority alone that has preserved to the world the sacred text, as it is she alone that guarantees its integrity, attests its inspiration, and defines its heavenly teaching. FOR DAILY USE, NOT FOR ORNAMENT. It is the anxious wish of the Catholie Church, as it was in the early ages of faith, that the Sacred Scripture, and particularly the Gospels, would be in the hands of the faithtul, not for mere ornament, but for daily use, to enlighten their minds with the salutary knowledge of divine truth, to impart strength and consolation in their pilgrimage of life, and to equip them with an impenetrable armour against the anti- Christian and irreligious selfish theories so rampant at the present day. I need scarcely say that tho Fathers of the Church of old commended to the faithful the every-day study of the Sacred Scripture. St. Isidore of Seville speaks of the sacred volumes as so many steps ' whereby we ascend to God.' St. Gregory the Great writes that ' the Sacred Scripture is incomparably beyond any other doctrine, not only because it contains nothing but truth, calls us to a heavenly country, and changes the hearts of those that read it by tak ing them off from the love of sensible things and in ducing them to place their affections upon heaven ; but because at the same time that by its obscurity it exercises the wise and perfect, it cherishes and com forts by its sweetness the imperfect and weak : the more we meditate on it the more we love it.' But let us come to more recent times. Towards the close of the last century the illustrious Pius VI. (in 1778), addressing Monsignor Martini, Archbishop of Flor ence, who had published a new translation of the Bible into Italian, with admirable notes, thus wrote : ' At a time when, a vast number of bad books are circulated among the unlearned, you have judged exceedingly well that the faithful should h.e excited, to the reading of the Holy Scriptures, far they are the abundant sources which ought to be left open to all to draw from them purity of doctrine and of morals, and to eradicate the errors which are s» widely disseminated in these corrupt times.' By Rescript, dated April the 18th, 1820, Pope Pius VII. exhorts the Vicars- Apostolic of England to encourage the faithful to read booko of pious instruction and particularly the Holy Scriptures in approved translations : ' Nothing can be more nee itLl,- more consoling, or more encouraging than the reading cr* the Sacred Scriptures, understood in their true sense f they serve to confirm the faith, to support the hope, and to inflame the charity of the true Christian.' TESTIMONY OF MODERN PttSI/ATES. 1 will only add a few extracts from the writings of the Bishops of our own times who bear witngfis as to the manifold blessings that accrue to the faith ful from the study of the inspired writings. Cardi nal Wiseman, treating of the Sacred Scripture, writes :— ' We hate heard that some find a joy in seeing wealth in heaps around them ; we have seen the satisfaction of the man of taste when luxuriat ing amidst objects of art ; w« have felt the delight of living among the records of wisdom of past ages or distant lands ; but far, far brighter and happier are hours spent in this treasure-house of knowledge, this rich collection of peerless gems, this library of heaven-fetched eternal wisdom, the speakings of God to man.' (Applause.) The present Cardinal Archbishop of Baltimore, addressing those who might desire to enter the one fold, has moot justly written : ' Be assured that if you become a Catholc you will never be forbidden to read the Bible. It is our earnest wish that every word of the Gospel may be imprinted oa your memory and on your heart.' ARCHBI8HOP IRELAND'S EULOGY. I may be permitted to adopt as my own the words of another illustrious American Archbishop, an old friend of mine, Dr. Ireland (applause), who thus profeesea his faith in the Sacred. Scripture : ' The Bible ! My soul goes out to it in love, gratitude reverence, worship. It is indeed the Bible, the book of books. The voice of the Great Master of the universe speaks to me through its pages ; ito light, illuminating the religious and moral world, radiates from His own divine face ; the sweetnecs which it distils is the tenderness of His own father hood. Written in it are my hopes for time and eternity. It is God's message to me, telling of my Creator and of my relations to Him, marking my road to bliss, sustaining me on earth in trial and Buffering, until the goal beyond heaven's portals is - reached. They who insult the Bible inoult what is best in sae and dearest to me ; they insult my aspirations and my hopes ; they insult my God; and I were a traitor to myself and to Him were I not ready to defend it even to the sacrifice of my life.' (Applause.) I do not know of any more beautiful eulogy than thio one by the illustrious Archbishop of St. Paul, U.S. THE WRITTEN WORD AND PRIVATE UTTBIiFREn TATION. Whilst, however, we thus recognize in thofulloct measure the divine authority of the Sacrod Scripturo, we at the same time repudiate the' Protestant tenet that the Sacred Scripturo ia given ug by our Blessed Lord no the sole fountain and source whence men by their own private interpretation are to derivo the lessons of His heavenly wisdom. The living voice of the Church, quickened by tho spirit of truth and guarded by His ever- watchful care, ia the. moans instituted by the Redeemer on which He has net the seal of His own authority, for unfolding to us the teachings of divine faith. Was it, for instance, from, the inspired writings of tho New Testament that the first faithful received their lessons of Christian truth ? Assuredly it was not, but from the living voice of the Apostles and thooe commis sioned by them, the faithful to-day, just like those first children of Christ, look to the authoritative teaching of Holy Church for the knowledge of thoce truths which he has divinely rcvealad to us. We receive on the authority of the Church the Four Gospels as divinely inspired. These sacred lessons were not consigned to writing for several years after the Ascension of Our Blessed Lord. In the mean time the Church was earnestly and effectively ful filling the mission entrusted to her. She v/as preaching and teaching in Jerusalem and through out Judea ; the kingdom of God was opened to tho Gentiles, the word of life was written on couiitlesc fervent hearts ; martyrs had won their crowns ; the apostles by their lifegiving ministry and miracles and sufferings had borne witness to the risen Saviour, and the garden of God upon earth had yielded its first flowers and fruits of heroic virtue. In a word Christ, as He had promised, waB with His apostles, and the spirit of truth abided in the Church, guiding and strengthening and enlighten ing her. When, therefore, the Holy Ghost through the inspired writers gave the Gospels and other sacred scriptures as a priceless treasure to God'a children, the Church set the seal of her authority upon them, thus securing them to us as an abiding inheritance till the end of time. This was tho authority to which St. Augustine appealed when disputing against the Manicheans he uttered tho words 'Ego Evetnyelio -non crederem, nisi me Gatholicca Ecelesia oommoveret auctoritss' (cont. epist. Fund 46) — that is, ' I could not accept the. Gospels unless they were sealed with the authority of the Church.'1 Two centuries before Augustine, the gteat ornament of the Church of Alexandria, Origin, laid down the same golden rule. Referring to the inspired writings of SS. Matthew and Mark, John and Luke, and to the pseudo Gospels of Thomas and Matthias and others; he writes, 'Of all these we accept nothing save what the Church approves, that is the four divine Gospels.' POPE LIO AND THB SCRIPTURES. This teaching of the Church in all its beauty and completeness has been admirably set forth in the Encyclical of the present Pope on the sacred scrip ture's published in November, 1893. In it he treats of the Divine origin of the scripture, the special purpose for which it was given to the Church, and the manifold blessings of light and life and grace which all may derive from the treasury of richest heavenly gifts. But the Right Rev. Dr. Goe, Protestant Bishop of Melbourne, would fain endeavour to present in a different light the teaching of the Pope's Encyclical, As reported in the public press he sets forth that ' the Encyclical was not addressed to the laity or to the Christian people in general, but only to ecclesi astics,' and from that he draws the conclusion that ' the Pope never advocated scriptural reading for the laity, who were to have nothing to do 'with it,' Now, it is quite true tfcafc the Encyclical is addresed to the Archbishops and Bishops and other represen tatives of the hierachy, for they are the divinely^ ap'p'ointcd guardians Avhose duty it is to instruct and _ guide Wig flock of Our Blessed Lord. I anz afraid hiu Lordship did not go beyond the firot page oi the Encyclical. Perhaps he feared coming upon come hidden spring of Popery. (Laughter.) But if Dr. Goe had read beyond tho title page of thio baautiful Encyclical he would have found that the Holy Father expressly corcniends the reading oi the inspired text alike for clergy »snd laity. (Applauso.) The Holy Father speaking oi »*tho celostial treasure of the sacred Books' and the manifold blessingc that result from their reverential afcudy, declares it to be hie earnest desire ' that tl\rc- grand source of Catholic revelation should be made onfely and abundantly accessible to the flock of Christ.' So cites the worda of St. Jerome: ' To bo ignorant oi the Scrip turo ia net to know Christ,' r,nd justly concludes : ' Let all, but especially tho aspirants of the ecclesiastical army, understand how deeply the Sacred EooLto should be estoemed, and v/itk what eagerness and reverence they should! approach this great arsenal oi' heavenly arms.' (Ap plause.) One other passage, indoed, should of itself suffice to chow how- completely at variance with the whole tenor of this grand Encyclical ia the gratuitous theory of the Protestant Bishop. The Holy Father appeals to the witness of history in proof 'that the Church has never failed in taking due measures to bring the Scriptures within reach oi her children.'1' Again, towards the ond of the Encyclical he exhort& the Bishops to use their authority, that these scrip tural studies may be held in juot regard and may flourish ' in tho educational nictitations' subject to their control. Lei thocc otudiec, he addc, ' flourish in completeness and in happy success, under the direction of the Church, in accordance with the salutary teaching and example of the Holy Fathers; and the laudable traditions of antiquity ; and, as time goes on, let thorn be widened and extended as the intorestc and glory of truth nuiy require.' (Applause.) CANON KEK1IIG AND HIS CALTJI.IKIEG. Here in Sydney, one of the Anglican High. Churchmen, tho amiable dignitary Canon Kem mis, enters the arena r.nd assures his admiring: frien.de that no Catholie at the present day is allowed to read the Bible unless he shall have obtained per mission from his parish priest to do so. (Laughter.) To show that his statement is correct he appeals to the rule of the Index which, he says, io 'still in force,' by which ' no one is allowed to have a. Bible in his possession, without permission from his parish priest or confesoor.' Would it not have been wise for the distinguished Canon, before he ventured on such a startling assertion, to ask some Catholic neighbour for accurate information on the, subject ? He would have learned that his statement is quite groundless. (Applause.) The rule of the Index to v/hich he refers v/as made more than 300 years ago, to meet the peculiar circumstances of those timeo, but it has long since passed into desuetude Pope Benedict XIV. in his golden treatise De Synodo Dioccsana, v/ritten 150 years ago, refors to it as already abrogated throughout Germany, France, England, and other countrios. To say that it io still in force is just as absurd as it would be to afErm that tho Ecclesiastical Titles Acfc of 1850 is at the present day tho lav/ of the land. CORRUPT PROTEDTANT TRANSLATIONS. When that rule of the Indes was enacted in the 16th century, tho world was flooded with corrupt translations of the Bible. Calviniots and Lutherans and the other multiform Protestant sects, in the first fervour of their newly-fledged theorioo, manipu lated the sacrod text as they pleased. Luther was accused of corrupting the Bible-tost in more than 2000 passages in tho first edition of his Gorman translation. Even Zuingle did not hesitate to write to him : ' Thou corrupteBt the word of God, O Luther ; thon art seen to be a manifest and common corruptor and per vertor ox the Holy Scripture.'' Luther, on the other hand, declared the Zuinglian transla tors to be ' foola, asses, antichrists, and deceivers.' Beza declared one of the new Protestant translators to bo ' sacrilegious, wicked, and atheistical, whilot of another he wrote that ' it was quite contrary to the mind of the Holy Ghost.' Of Calvin'n translation it became a proverbial saying that 'ho made the text of the Gospel to leap up and down,' that is to say wherever he wished. It was because the English translations made in the 16th century wore avowedly corrupt that the authorized version was published by authority in 1610. The Angli can Church soon found it expedient to adopt an Index of its own. Two entire editions of the English Bible were confiscated at the Hague in 1637, on account of the mistranslations and the notes which were r.dcled. One of these noteo reckoned Archbishop Laud and the other Protestant Bishops among the Locusts in the Revelation, which came out of the Pit. A translation of the Psalms was also seized and burnt at St. Paul's, and the luckless translator was set in the pillory with slitted ears and heavily fined. ' CATHOLICS HAVE NO USE FOE. THE BIBLE.' At a meeting at which Archdeacon Gunther and and other Protestant dignitaries vrere present, Very liev. Dean Cowper came to the aid of his High- church comrade and deliberately stated that it ia useless for a Catholic to read the Bible, for he is not allowed to give any meaning to a particular text unless he shall have first learned what the unanimous teaching of all the Fathers' may be re garding it. I need scarcely say that such is not the doctrine of the Catholic Church. (Applause.) Where the Fathers of the Church are known to be unanimous in interpreting particular texts.as hap pens in some few cases, such an interpretation may be regarded as the teaching of the Church and pre senting tho authentic meaning intended by the Spirit of truth. But in everything else the Catholic reader with common sense and tho ordinary rules of sacrod interpretation for his guide, may satiate his thirst at. these fountains of divine truth and draw forth from them manifold lessons of heavenly wisdom old and new. (Applause.) LUTHER AND THE BIBLE. In more than one pulpit the threadbare calumny has been again paraded that till Luther's day the Bible was' hidden away from the faithful, the Popes would not allow it to be printed ; in the words of D' Aubigne, the historian of the Lutheran Refor mation, ' it was a rare book, at that time unknown.' Now, facts are stubborn things, and fortunately there are abundant facts to Bet this matter in its true light. They fully justify the ^ statement made some time ago by the Saturday 4UmEW : ' There are no lies that die so hard as Sues that have a controversial importance. The ?whole history of the Blessed Reformation in a conspicuous illustration, of this.1* (Apnlause.) The very first book printed was a Latin Bible. (Applause,) Reuss, himself a Protestant, in his ' History of the Now Testament*' attests this fact; and adds : ' No book was raorefrequently printed in the period immediately after the discovery of print ing than the Latin Bible' (Edinburgh, 1881, page 4S9). Hallam writes that no Mirai than 81 editions of the complete Latin Bibfc Were published before the year 1500. And most of these were printed and published with the sanction of the very Popes who v/vi would be told were hos tx *° jh?- Pd?lciPles of the Bible. (Applause.) Mow tar difieront were the sentiments of the Popes appears frovn the words of Pope Leo X., who in a special 'manner patronized the publication of the sacred, text, declaring that 'the art of printing was invented for the glory of God, for the propagation or our^ holy faith,] and the advancement oi know ledge.' At a meeting of the Tiburine Academy held in Rome in 1864, minute details Avere given of 31 printed editions of the Latin Bible which were issued in Italy alone in the loth century. Luther himself writing against ^uingliu3 cries 'out, ' We will have to deny the Scripture itself if we are to reject everything received from the Pope.' And he adds, ' We must acknowledge that there are great mysteries of faith in the papacy, yea all the truth that we have inherited ; for it is in Popery that we found the true Scriptures, true Baptism, the sacrament of the altar, the true keys which re mit sin, true preaching, the true catechism, that is, true Christianity.' 'BIBLICAL WORKS PUBLISHED BY THE CHURCH. One of the most remarkable Biblical works of those days was the translation of the whole Bible from the original Hebrew and Greek texts, by Sanctes Pagnini. He devoted twenty-five years to that wonderful task, and he tells us that it was with the approval and the pecuniary aid of three Popes, Leo X., Adrian VI., and Clement VII., that he accomplished it. It was with the same patronage of the Popes that the first and grandest polyglot Bible was published by a Cardinal of Holy Church, the illustrious Ximene3, Primate of Spain. In the German language fourteen editions of the complete Bible are known to have been published before Luther began his so-called reformed career. Even in the particular dialects such as the low-Dutch, and low-Saxon, at least a dozen other editions had been also isoued. Dr. Tanssen in volume 7th of his 'History of the German People,' writes : 'The large circulation of the translation is attested by con temporary writers, and is proved abundantly by the comparatively large number of copies still extant.' Reuss refers to ' five undated editions, before 1477, in a high-German dialoct verging to some extent toward the Swios.' In a word, 70 distinct versions of the Sacred Scripture in the various languages of Europe were published before Luther's translation. (Applause.) ENGLISH BIBLES BEFORE THE REFORMATION. That in the pre-Reformation times there were Catholic translations of the Sacred Scripture in the English language no one nowadays v/ill question. It is attested alike by the blessed Sir Thomas More and by Cranmer. Archbishop Arundel's funeral discourse on Anne oi Bohemia, wife of Richard II., has been preserved. He attests that it was her daily exercise 'to read the Gospels in the vulgar tongue.' The State Papers published of late years make known to us that the much-maligned Queen Mary made a special study of the Bible. A learned Spanish Dominican was her tutor, and among the instructions given to her we find that she was directed ' to readthe Gospels, morning and evening, the Acts of the Apostles, the Epistles, and selections from the Old and New Testament.' (Applause.) ANOTHER CHARGE REFUTED. But here another Protestant divine, who has sent me his sermon, asks with an air of dignity and triumph what have Catholics done in modern times to aid in illustrating the Bible ? That worthy gentle man should take for nis motto the fine old prover bial saying ' Wher£ ignorance is bliss 'tic folly to be wise.' (Laughter.) Has he not heard of the scriptural works in the English language of Lin gard and Kenrick, of Wiseman and Coleridge, of M'Carthy and Archbishop M'Evilly ? (Ad plause.) Were he co look across the English Chan nel into Prance he would see the bright names of Drach, Le Hir, Genoude, Didon, Fouard, and n thousand others renowned in the field of Biblical pursuits ; and to refer to only one grand monumen tal work m course of publication, he would find the ' Dictionary of the Bible' now being published by Pere Vigouroux worthy of the golden aees of Christian literature. In Germany among the leaders in Scriptural knowledge are reckoned the Catholic writers Hug and Allioli, Tahn and Sholz, Hanneberg and Reinke, to say nothing of the fruitful labours of the three illustrious Jesuits, Comely, Ivnabenbauer, and De Hummelauer, whose commentaries and critical writings are unsurpassed in the scriptural literatuve of modern times. Among the Italians suffice it to name Martini and Patrizi, Cozza and Vercel lone. Ranke in his ' History of tho Popes' cries out, ' Who dees not know what the Propaganda press ia Rome has done for philosophical learning?' A GREAT CATHOLIC W01UC OF OUR OWN' TIME. I will refer to one only of the great Scriptural ?works for which the Christian world is indebted to Rome in our own day, I mean the facsimile of the oldest Greek text of the Bible known as the Vatican manuscript. The learned Anglican professors, Rev. Dr. MilliganandRev. Dr. Roberts, in their conjoint work, 'The Words of the New Testament,' pub lished in Edinburgh in 1873, write of this magnifi cent publication : ' This edition seems to leave nothing more to be desired. The ideal aimed at in Pio Nono's edition, as this one may .be called, was nothing less than to reproduce the very form, lines, letters, otrokes, marks of the manuscript .itself. This high standard appears to have been scrupulously adheved to throughout. The editors were two priests, eminent Biblical scholars, and they seem to have done all that human care and erudition could effect to present to the world a faithful reproduc tion of the famous Vatican manuscript. It will not be among the least of the glories of Pio Nono's pontificate, that under his auspices a facsimile edition of this precious document has m's length been presented to the world. It was right that the honour of giving it to the world should belong to the Papal Court. We hail with gratitude thve 1)0. pp, ponierred on tejctuol criticism.' (Applause. $ & ?OUR, SOUTH SEA MISSIONARIES AND THE SCRIPTURES. Bfefore closing these brief remarks on a long series of misrepresentations of Catholic doctrine regarding the Sacred Scripture, it will not be out of place to refer to the statement of the Rev. Dr. Browne, who is, I believe, the secretary of the Wesleyan Mission ary Society of Australasia, whom many appear to eulogize as a sort of Patriarch of Wesleyanism. amongst us. This gentleman, in his lecture at Kiama a few weeks ago, announced that the Catho lic missionaries throughout the Pacific had kept back the Gospel from the natives, and that in the many years during which they had been evangeliz ing the various scattered islands, they had never translated a single page of the Bible into the native languages. To cite his precise words : ' They have never given the people one chapter of the Sacred Scriptures in the native tongue.' Now, this is indeed a startling assertion, and what is more, it is quite contrary to truth. (Applause.) As late as lust year, through the zeal and energy of Father Bontemps (applause), no fewer than 4000 copies of the Gospel of St. Matthew were printed for the Gilbert Islanders in their native language, together Avith a Pictorial Life of Our Blessed Lord, each pic ture being accompanied with the corresponding text in the Gilbert tongue. A considerable number of these native texts were being shipped for the Islands^ at the very time that the Rev. Mr. Browne was uttering his baseless calumny. Forty years ago Father Violetta, of the Marist Congregation, translated the Acts of the Apostles into the Samoan language. Not to refer to other publications, the Gospels and Epistles for all the Sundays and festivals were translated by Monseigneur Bataillon into the language of Uvea, and two editions were published at Lyons in 1864 and at Fribourg in 1878 ; they were translated and published in the Tongan language by P6re Chevron, who has been justly styled the Apostle of Tonga; and they were 'also translated into Samoan and printed at Fribourg, in Baden, in 1878. Five years ago they were beautifully printed in the Fijian language for the use of the faithful of the Fiji Islands. Surely this must suffice to scatter to the wi:«cli the groundless calumny of Rev. Mr. Browne that not a page of the Sacred Scripture had been translated into the native language by the Catholic missionaries of the islands of the Pacific. (Applause.) CATHOLIC TRUTH NEEDS ONLY TO BE KNOWN. I will add but one remark. Catholic truth needs only to be known that it may be revered and em braced. The beauty of its features is so divine, so per fect the harmony of its doctrines, so heavenly the light and life which it imparts, that even those who were once marshalled against it in deadly array have been constrained to cry out with St. Augus tine, ' Too late have we known thee, too late have we loved thee.' For this reason the assailants of the Catholic Church are ever on the alert to mis represent her teaching, to travesty her doctrines in a thousand deceitful fashions, to daub her fair fea tures with false colours, that thus men's minds being filled with prejudices against her may fail to recognize her sacred mission. My only object in replying to my critics is to endeavour to remove those false colours and to present the genuine doc trines of the Church in their innate perfection, arrayed in the purity and comeliness which divine truth alone can impart. (Prolonged applause.) 