A LEGEND OF BOHEMIA. By MONA CAIRO, ' Anthor of ' The Wings of Azrael,' 'Ii Marriags a Fsilars FM 'Whom Nfttan I Lsndeth,' &a;, &a; [All Bights Besbbvxd.] In the middle ages Bohemia vai a wild land of moantainB and foresU, wliere no one dared to Tentnre out of hie houee or beyond the wall* ot ; bis town without carrying arms. In the heart of thie romantio country nestled the quiet old town of Eger, the scene of Wallenstein*s rebellion and of hie treacherous murder. The Kgerland is now a wide stretch of fertile plain encircled by a line of blue mountains, a little retired world, where, even to this day, the cnetome of ancestors dating far back into history continue to regulate the lived of the simple inhabitants. Tbe liouReB of the peasant farmers are all built on one immemorial pattern ; their inmates wear the same style of garment*, unvarying even to a button ; they eleep in gaily-painted four-post bedsteads, carefully cur tained round ; and quaff vast pota tions of beer out of big tin or eartbeuware flagons. The Eger lanrfere stand apart from their neighbours as absolutely as if miles of eea girded their little territory instead of a cirolet of hills. Once inside tbie line of enohantment, the traveller finds himself half con struiued to take life on mediseval terms, so potent is the old-world atmosphere, eo strange the charm of the quaint superstitions and child like worship of the people. Worn out with the worry and toil of conducting a large business, I found myself, one sunny September, in the heart of this quaint little land, and 1 blesBed, in an illogical 1S8UIVU ? {/WUVUOWW UM. Utf CM' hausted state— the railway which had enabled me to take a dip into an age when steam-engines were etill undreamt of. For seven happy weeks I waB a Bohemian at heart, a devout Catholic, ' a worshipper of lean eaints. Many a 1 day ae I came to a little louoly shrine by the side of some path across the fields, ' I have gone down on my kneeB, and j worshipped—! knew not what— the sweet virgin in her blue robe edged ' with gold, holding the haloed infant in her arms. 1 came to love that ; mild-faced lady, and to wish that I could carry her home with me to pray to when the foreign mails came inland— but, alas J my delicate god dess grew pale at that thought, and I remembered that ahe belonged to { the land of Yesterday, and would ' fade and die if she were transported to tbe glaring world that Fate had chosen for my dwelling-place. I had one favourite shrine, whioh 1 etood at the foot of a hill orowned by a large church, whose strange Byzantine-looking cupola of zinc or copper painted red could be seen for miles. across the plain. My shrine was presided over by a bright blue virgin, whose cerulean eyes had been tinted with the eame . paint that etained her robe, elightly diluted. On the shrine gratoful pilgrims had hung up numerous quaint thank- oSerings, for having been preserved from illness or accident. At the feet of my Lady of Azure, when I approached on one ' lovely afternoon, knelt a maiden, 1 with head bent in prayer. I had the ' impulse to go up and kneel beside her. ! It is impossible to describe the sense j of happiness that I felt as I joined in worship with this beautitui Bohe mian girL It seemed to me that then, if never before or after, my prayer must be granted. My fellow ^ worshipper was the daughter of one of the wealthy peasant proprietors of the Egerland ; her handsome ' cloth dress, with its heavy I clasps of antique silver — heirlooms ' centuries old — and the strange head gear of black stuff revealed her station. She was large of frame, 1 with regular features, black eyes, ' and a fine carriage of the head. How ' 1 blessed the perseverance with which I had devoted myself to the Slavonio languages ! It was not difficult to draw the girl into con versation. She was frank and trustful, if a little shy* This child of the Middle Acres fascinated me as much as did her wild, spell-bound Little country. It eeemed to me that bu old dream of mine was realised, and that I had been permitted to Btep out of my own noisy century, and to meet and speak with the generations of the past. Our shrine, my beautiful companion told me, had been raised on this spot live conturieB ago by an ancestor of her oirn, Baron Zwaptolik, one of tbe great Bohemian nobles, in thanks giving for the rescue of his only daughter from the murderous assault of a robber chieftain, whose power ful band was at that time infesting the dib'.rict-. The girl was sitting, rosary in h&itd;, at tho foot of the shrine; I had titrctched myself by the hedge ei-ie, in luxurious ease. The sun was hot, the breeze soothing ; I sank into a strange lethargic 6tate, as if my body were asleep, while my imagina- , lion became abnormally vivid. My companion was relating to me the story that had beon handed down nmotig the owners of the soil from the troubled times the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries ; but such was not precisely my impression. I seemed to be transported backwards, 1 r.crosa tho great plain of time, and ' giMitly landed in the midst of a romnnce of tbe Middle Ages, The xcrna had scarcely changed $ it was siill the beautiful Egerland. Eger Iny at the eud of a four-mile avenue of Htatclv poplars, with its castle and cabled houses in the distance; tbe church etood above me on the hill top, but there was now only a rough tjui-iv up to the Tillage, and the whole country seemed like a vast ftirufit — it was, in fact, a part of the threat Hercynian forest— with a few farms aud scattered hamlets, and here aud -there a church. By eome magic of place and time, I had become a spectator, though not an nctor in tbe drama. This power of knowing all, without tbe ability to act, raude me feel at times as if I were suffering from a terrible night mare. 1 do not th$ok that I was able to raise my bead or to open my eyes — i eeemed to be under a speti similar to that which the wicked Count in the story held over the beautiful daughter of old Barou Swaptolik, whose vast castle used to stand, surrounded by dense forests scarcely a mile from the shrine. - Drahomira, dark of hair and swift of foot, with her brilliant brown I eyes and rioh complexion, was one of the wealthiest heiresses in the ; kingdom, and her hand bad been ] eagerly sought by the sons of the neighbouring nobles, not only for her beauty, but for her riches. Among these aspirants was one who had long loved her with faithful devotion, in spite of the cold and eoornful treatment which either ooquetry or aversion appeared to in spire in her. The only oonsolation of the young Count Vladislav was the fact that Drahomira behaved to her other suitors in exactly the same manner. She had no wish to leave the home where ehe was idolieed by herindulgsnt old father, who since her mother^ death had lavished all his affections upon their only ' If X married, it would bs all gain for my lord and all loss for me,' she used to say with her brilliant smile ; ' I pray you, good knight, pay your court to some unhappy maiden, who, in becoming your wife, may reach something better than her present state, since she cannot achieve a worse 1' Vladislav would watch the self willed lady moving among the bril liant company, gracious and smiling, yet ever ready to hold at a distance the most persistent of aspirants. This firmness of character made her subsequent conduct appear all the more incomprehensible to me. an astounded SDectator panting to interfere and to set orooked things straight. The first hint of this change of demeanour occurred about the time of a very strange event which created a etir throughout all Bohemia. One of the daughters of a great seigneur had, on the very eve of her wedding, aisappearea ixom uw uuwe, uu« though search had been made far and wide, no trace of her conld be ? found. The expectant bridegroom had also vanished. I heard the people talking about this incident all around me, and my blood was chilled with a presage of coming evil. ' A jealous and disappointed suitor must have carried her off,' said one. ' An enemy of the bridegroom has taken them both away, and is keep ing them prisoners,' another sug gested, and so on ran the surmises. Drahomira, usually so bold and fear less, was white to the lips, and she started if anyone spoke suddenly to her. ' Beloved and graoious lady,' said Vladislav, ' fear nothing. No evil ehall befall you whilst I am by your side. Had I but the right to be always your protector, what unspeak able joy would be mine.' At these words, to everybody1* dismay, Dra homira swooned. When at last ahe opened her eyes, ehe turned them instinctively towards the great window, and a look of terror came into them which startled everyone. I followed her gaze and saw— yes, I am certain that I saw, for less than a second, the face of a man with dark hair and eyes, staring straight into the room. The next instant the face had gone, and only the surging forest was to be seen from the deep-set win dow. How I longed to be able to relate what I had witnessed, but I was tongue-tied, moving amoug those knights and dames like a ghost, helpless and un noticed. Drahomira was as full of life ae usual tbat evening. To me her gaiety seemed wild and feverish, but then I knew what no one else knew in that company. Vladislav looked gloomy. The Baron's daughter avoided him, and he thought that she made herself needlessly agree able to a jackanapes in a crimson doublet, who followed her every where. To Vladislav's sccret joy, the knight had already drunk deep of the wine that was provided for all comers in the great hall. While his riral waB thus putting ' an enemy into his mouth,*' Vladislav remained sober and watchful. Tho tipsy knight came swaggering into the midst of the ladies, snatched Drahomira ronnd the waist with a noisy laugh, and proposed a moon lULt ? 1,1 _ 2. 4.1.A strong hands were laid on his arm, and he was led back to the banquet ing hall, where he continued to toast his mistress in the flowing ) bowl till he rolled off bis seat, still j trolling out serenades and drinking j songs from the safe level of the i (loor. Vladislav rejoiced to see severaj other knights depart discomforted 1 that evening when the hours of revelry at length drew to an end, and tbe few guests who lived near : rode away in companies large enough to resist tbe bands of marauders that ; haunted these outlying parts of the ' great Hercynian forest. The reel - who were sufficiently sober went off to their rooms in the castle. Vladislav wae too perturbed to sleep, lie sat looking out upon the moonlit scene, thinking of Drahomira. What bad caused her sudden terror? Would she ever return his devotion ? Holy Virgin 1 Had his thoughts fashioned a semblance of her out of tlie mists and the dim moonlight f , He saw her crossing tbe open space . before the castle, and with her a , man in a dark cloak. CountVladisla? swore a great oath, and then he made off in pursuit. | He could see the two figures, though not their faces, as they stood together in the forest ; but he was i careful to conceal himself, that he might not give the man an oppor tunity to escape. He must know which of Drahomirafs suitors had . been able to persuade her to this , breach of decorum. Could it be he of the red doublet P Mad with rage } and jealousy, Vladislav's feelings I were not soothed when he saw the j man throw his arms round the girl I and break into a thousand protesta tions. Yet Vladislav dared not i | approach ; Drahomira would never ' ! forgive him if he played the spy ! She broke away - from her com- j panion ; the lover oecame contrite, j kneeling at her feet. Then his (pleading was recommenced, under ! which Drahomira eeemed to be : j giving way, though struggling against the man's influence, as if in terror. .She tried several times to escape, bnt he thTice succeeded in recalling her He appeared to havo extractod some promise, and then she left him at a run. Vladislav inter cepted hft; as she lied back towards tho ensile. ?? 1J '.ve von boon Itpp-unj tryst with the devil, fair lady r' Drahomira gave a scream, and sank back against a tree. ' I think 1 have 1 ' she answered wildly. ^ « What do you mean ? Who is this fellow?' Vladislav demanded in great excitement. « Don't ask roe; I dare not toll yott— I must obey him — VladViav, ?avo me.' Before the astonished lover could reply the girl bad lied past him, and he eaw her no more that night. Her words thrilled him with hope and fear. On the following day the ca«tle was set in a ferment by the news that another great heiress had disap peared from her homo. The evont filled everyone, from the Baron to the stable boy, with the utmost con sternation. Drahomira avoided all attempts on the part of her lover to speak to her about the incidont of the previous night; she appeared to have entirely forgotten it and her wild appeal for help. Vladislav determined to watch her closely, aud interfere boldly should any more interviews take place in the forest. But he watched in vain ; a week passed without anything remarkable happening. | The advent of a young horseman, the son of a Polish noble, and bis ' immediate admission to tbe castle as I guest, had in it nothing noteworthy, 1 for it was the custom for travellers to receive hospitality from the great bouses as they passed through this wild and robber-haunted country. Drahomira had often boeu called upon to weloome such transient guests j but I shall never forget the look on her face when her father presented to her the new comer. Her eyes were full of terror as she returned his low salute, Alas! I alone, impotent ghost, knew tlie cause of that terror. She recognised the face that had gazed at her that night through the window 1 