THE VOICE OF THE DRUM. The poet Heine declared that he had a talent for drumming in every limb and in his feet to a remarkable degree. It was early cultivated by a valiant French drummer, long quartered in the quaint town of Dussel- dorf, who had been with the Emperor Na- poleon in most of his campaigns. He had, as Heine declares, the face of a fiend and a heart like an angel's ; a small, mobile face, a fearful black moustache, under which his red lips curved proudly, while his eyes shot fiery glances on every side. Little fellow as I was (Heine says), I was for ever chained to his side, helping him polish his buttons and chalk his white waist- coat—for M. Le Grand was not indifferent to pleasing the eye. I followed him to guard, roll-call, and parade ; there was nothing but rattling of arms and fun. M. Le Grand spoke only a little broken German, but he could express himself per- fectly on the drum. For example, when I did not know what the word liberte meant he beat the ' Marseillaise,' and I understood. In the same way he taught me the story of the ate events. It is true I could not follow the words ; but as he drummed away all the time I know what he meant to say. You comprehend the story of the storming of the Bastille, the taking of the Tuileries, etc., if you know how the drums beat while it happened. Years afterwards, while sitting beneath a tree and dreaming of the past, I heard behind me the confused sound of voices, bewailing the fate of the poor Frenchmen who had been taken prisoners in the Russian War sent to Siberia, and there detained for several years after peace was declared. Raising my eyes, I beheld these unfortun- ates of France on their way home. Bare want stared through every rent in their tattered uniforms ; deep, plaintive eyes looked from their wasted faces ; but, sore, tired, and mostly lame as they all of them were, they had a sort of martial stride, and, strangely enough, a drummer with his drum staggered at the head. With an inward shudder I thought of the tales of soldiers who, fallen in battle by day, rise from the field at night, and, with the drum at their head, march onward to their native land. And truly the poor French drummer looked as if he had risen from the grave. He was a mere shadow in a dirty, ragged cape, a dead, yellow, face, with a great moustache banging sadly over the shrivelled lips. His eyes were like burnt- out coals, with hardly a spark still living —yet by one of these sparks I recognised M. Le Grand, the old drummer I had known as a boy. He know me, too, and drew me down upon the grass ; and there we sat as we used to do in the old times when he taught me French and modern history on the drum. It was the same old drum, and I could not but wonder how he had saved it from the greed of the Russians. He began to drum in his old way, with- out speaking a word. But though his lips were pressed sadly together, his eyes spoke all the more plainly, as they sparkled with triumph, while he drummed the old marches. The poplars near by trembled as he rattled out ' March of the Red Guillotine.' As of old, he drummed the struggle for liberty, the battles, the deeds of the emperor ; and it seemed as if the drum were a living creature, rejoicing to utter its inward delight. Once more I heard the canon's roar, the whistle of the bullets, the crash of battle ; I saw the Guards brave in death, I saw the waving flags, I saw the emperor on his horse. But a sad tone crept into the joyous notes, the drum-beats gave forth cries wherin the wildest triumph and the deepest woe were strangely mingled. It was a triumphal march and a dead march in one. Le Grand's eyes stared like a ghost's, and I saw in them a great white field of snow strewn with corpses. It was the Battle of Moscow. I would, never have believed that the stiff old drum could give such melancholy cries as M. Le Grand now drew from it. It was like drumming tears, and now they sounded lower and lower, and sighs came from Le Grand's bosom like sad echoes. He grew weaker and more ghost-like ; his hands shook with cold ; he sat as in a dream, drumming in the air and listening to the far-off voices. And then at last he turned on me a deep, deep, imploring look. I under- stood him. And then his head fell forward upon his drum. M. Le Grand never drummed again in this world, nor did his drum ever give out another sound. Never should it serve an enemy of liberty to beat a slavish tattoo. I had under- stood Le Grand's last imploring look ; I drew my dagger and thrust it through the head of the drum. 