IfHE ELECTIONS. » ? , — LOCAL OPIION MANIFESTO. 'The political manifesto of the N.S.W. Local Option League, which has now been issued, points out that £45,000,000 have been wasted in this colony o'n liquor during the last ten years. It further states that as to the methods of reform, we are now simply asking from the Parliament the power to each electorate to decide whether it will have a liquor traffic or not. We want local seif-governinent. Why should not the people please themselves ? Why should a dangerous temptation, such as an open bar ever is, be forced on an unwilling com munity ? We propose that either of the following resolutions shall be submitted to any electorate on requisition to the returning-officer : '1. That the sale of intoxicating - liquors shall be prohibited. 2. That the number of licences shall be reduced to a certain num ber, to be specified in such requisition. 3. That no new licences be granted. So far four successive Parliaments have affirmed the dettiocraticprinctple of full local option. What has blocked the bill ? Undoubtealy the demand . for millions of the people's money as compensation. That is the crux ; around compensation the battle rages. The league be lieves the cry to be hollow and un JHst. Hollow, because many raise it only to block all reform ; en just, because pub licans have no legal claim to a renewal of their licences, and because they have had years of notice of an impending change. But already this matter has been folly argued. Every attempt to prove a claim for compensation. ha3 only ended by show ing up its utter weakness. We may add that thousands of bars have been dosed in the States and in Canada, but not Id paid. In the mother country the great Liberal party have full local option without compensation as a fixed plank in their programme. Why should we be behind the age here?' The manifesto also claims that beside the drink question, freetrade, protection, single tax, or Upper House reform sink into a lower place. The Hon. Jacob Garrard, Minister for Public Instruction, addressed a meeting in the Fairfield Hall, Granville, last night, Mr. Garrard said that after hesitation and consideration he decided to accept the post of Minister for Education, and if any men thought he had done wrong they should have opposed him when he came out for re-election. Many said this was a week Ministry — (Voice: 'The best we ever had') — but no Ministry had shown so much backbone. He had voted for the introduction of a bill of Mr. Bavister's providing for pay ment by attendances. He had also sup ported the introduction of measures for some monetary deposit by candidates, because he considered, the money of the colony wasted by candidates last year who had not a ghost of a show. The question was whether the people were to rale the country or to be ruled by the Upper House. He did not believe in abolishing the Upper House, but it should not interfere with the will of the people. A vote of confidence was carried. The snpporters of Alderman H. Macna mara, th.e protectionist candidate for the Denison Division, held a meeting at the Duke of Cornwall Hotel, Harris-street, Ultimo, last night. Forty namas were added to the committee. The Waverley Political Labor League has decided not to run a labor candidate for the Waverley electorate. No decision will be made as to which candidate will receive the support of the league until all the candidates have publicly, expressed tbeir views. In response to the request of an influen tial section of the voters of St. Leonards, backed by the erstwhile St. Leonards Freetrade Association, Mr. W. C. Goddard has consented to stand as a candidate for St. Leonards. Resolutions were carried endorsing and supporting the candi dature of Mr. E. M. Clark for Willoughby, and Mr. D, Thomson for Warringah. Mr. Goddard is well known both in com mercial circles in Sydney and at North Sydney, where he has resided for many years. His supporters are sanguine of his success, and estimate that the majority of those who voted for Sir Henry Parkes at the last election will on this occasion - favor Mr. Goddard. Mr. C. H. Lenthall, who is a candidate : for the representation of Willoughby in the freetrade interest, addressed a small, meeting from the balcony of Messrs. Butler; and M'Kye's bakery, West-itreet, North Sydney, last evening. Mr. Lenthall said he was a freetrader, and thought that un less a candidate pledged himself to sup port the Government no good would result. A meeting of the St. Leonards Free trade, Land, and Reform League was held. lastevening in the North Sydney School of' Arts, for the purpose of selecting candi dates for St. .Leonards, Warringah., and Willoughby, subject to the approval of the central committee. A preliminary meeting of the supporters of Mr. T. Bavister was held in the Ashfield Hall on. Monday night. It was unani mously resolved that those present form themselves into a committee to secure his return. Mr. J. H. Goodlet has announced his intention of contesting Ashfield in the freetrade interest. The executive ot the National Protection Association yesterday selected Mr. T. H. Goodwin as a candidate for Gunnedah, Mr. G. C. Loughnan for Coonamble, and Mr. Cruickshank for Inverell. 