swjtCL: WARM'S'PERIL, CHARTER IS.—(CO>TTSTJED.) BY CAPTAIN CHARLES KING. 'Exactly! that's in ease she broke loose, s£ ;. ou say ; but even when in the shafts, as she is now, between the levees, how long would it take to sweep a fellow from here out into the gulf, providing nothing interposed to stop nijD ?' ' flatter of simple mathematical calculation,' said Ferry, practically. * They say it's an eigrht-milo current easy out there in tbc middle where she's booming. Look at •that barrel scooting: down yonder. Now, I'd !:iv a fiver I could cut loose from here at reveille and shoot the passesjbefore taps and iM'ver pull a stroke. It's less than eighty mile? down to fhe forts.' ' Well, then, a skiff like that old Anatole's blaspheming about losin? wouldn't taku very lung to ride over that route, would it ?' said lunsey, reflectively. " , • No, net if allowed to'slide. But someijody'd be sure to put out and haul it in as a prize,—flotsam and what-you-majf-call-'em. You see these old nisgers all along here with their skiff's tacking on to every bit of driftwood that's worth having.' ' But, Ferry, do yon think they'd venture out in such a 6torm as Sunday last ?—think anything could live in it short of a decked ship r' ' No, probably not. Certainly not Anatole's boat.' ' Well, that's just what I'm afraid of, and ~li-.it Cram and Reynolds dread.' ' Do they f "Well, so far as that storm's I'jnoerned, it would have blown it down- Mieani until it caine to the big bend below litre to the east. Then, by- rights, it ouprht ;o have blown against the left bank. But ivery inuli of it has been scouted all the. way to quarantine. The whole river was filled witli drift, though, and it might have been wedged in a lot of logs and swept out any- . Low. Splendid ship, that! "Who is she, do ro-i suppose f The great black hull with its lofiy tracery of masts and spars was now just about opposite the barracks, slowly and majestically ascending the stream. • One of those big British freight steamers •J::it moor there below the French Market, I IHXOU. They seldom come up at night niiiess it'fc in the full of the moon, and even •jj.n move .with the utmost caution. See, iwiuir up now.' ' Hello ! Listen ! What's that ?' exclaimed Ferry, starting to his feet. A distant, muffled cry. A distant shot. The sentry at the sally-port dashed through liif- eohoing vault, then bang' came the loud rmr of his piece, followed by the yell of— 'Fire! fire! Tbe guard!' With one spring Ferry was down the levee f.ri durted like a deer across the road, Kinsey lumbering heavily after. Even as he sped trough the stone-flagged way, the hoarse -•MT of the drum at the guard- house, fol- I'.ived instantly by the blare of (he bugle fr'-ju the battery quarters, sounded the stir- Hr^:i!arm. A shrill, agonized female voice madly (^creaming for help. Guards and snitrvs were rushing to the scene, and flames Vviv- bursting from the front window of llfic's quarters. P wift though Ferry ran, orlers were clo.-er to the spot. Half a dozen u -ive y™mg soldiers, members of the inf :.rry guiird. had sprung to the rescue. ; en Ferry dashed up to the gallery he was in time to stir--'fie over a writhing and J -.-trate f-irm, ro help extinguish the blazing •"thing of another, io seize his water- bucket -i l douse its contents over a third,—one •-iiiug, the others stupefied by smoke—or Mueihing. In less rime than it lakes i 1 toil it, daring fellows had . ripped tan the blazing shades and shutters, •i^od them to the parade beneath, dumped I :teap of soaked and smoking bedding out of I fe rear windows, splashed a few bucketfuls | ti water about the reekiug room, and the fire out. But the doctors were working I their hest io bring back the spark of life to 1 tro senseless forms, and to still the shrieks of I iAvuy that burst from the seared and blislips of Bridget Doyle. Vhile willing hands bore these scorched =rablan(ies of humanity to neighboring • r oms and tender-hearted women hurried to -i their ministering touch, and old Braxton ilered fhe excited garrison back to quarters I 1'ed, he, , with Cram and Kinsey and i'-rr, made prompt examination of the ptuises- On the table two whiskey-bottles, si^mpty, one nearly fall, that Dr. Potts fe-red were not there when he left at one. fc le mantel a phial of chloroform, which •as also not there before. But a towel '•'-•il with the stifling contents lay on the ''- ! ' or '.V Jim's rude pallet, and a handkerc pie!:alf s.;aied, half consumed, was on the C'lirvhich had stood by the bedside among 4c- Jagments of an overturned kerosene I l^p. A uick examination ef the patients that Jim, tho negro, had been chlorofetnei and was not burned at all, that Diivle fa8 severely burned and had probably Pintle, flame-s, and that the woman was Jwith drink, terror, and burns com- It took the efforts of two or thjree Ud the influence of powerful opiates to v T ~ with negligence or com- '^jtjbn fhe part of the sentry, the sergeant ' 'i-vuar'd repudiated the idea, and assured ^'-nsBraxton that it was an easy matter Jr : l ti)lone to get either in or out of the ;l r r5sui without encountering the sentiy, ad. ting his lantern, led the way lie hospital grounds, by a wind- 's fipt-path among the trees j to point n the high white picket fence where two slats had 1 been shoved aside. Any one coming along the street without could pass far beyond Hie ken of the sentry at the west gate, and slip in with the utmost case, and onee inside, all that was necessary was to dodge possible reliefs and patrols. No sentiy was posted the gate through the wall that separated the garrison proper from the hospital grounds. Asked why he had,not reported this, the sergeant smiled and said there were a dozen others just as -convenient, so what was the nse? He did not say, however, that he and his fallows had recourse to them night after night. It was three o'clock when the officers' families fairly got settled down again and back to their beds, and the silence of night once more reigned over Jackson Barracks. One would suppose that such a -scene "of terror and excitement was enough, and that now tbe trembling, frightened women might be allowed to sleep in peace ; but it was not to he. Hardly had one of their, number cpsed eyes, hardly had all the flickering lights, save those at the hospital and guardhouse, been, downed again, when the strained nerves of the occupants of. the officers' quadrangle were jumped into mad jangling once more and all the barracks aroused a second time, and this, too, by a woman's-shriek of horror. Mrs. Conroy, a delicate, fragile little body, wife of a junior lieutenant of infantry-occupying a set of quarters in the same) building with, but at the opnosite end from, Pierce and Waring, was found lying senseless at the head of the gallery stairs. When revived, amid tears and tremblings and incoherent exclamations she declared that she had gone down to the big ice-chest on the ground floor to get some milk for her nervous and frightened child and was hurrying up the stairs again,—the only means of communication between the first and second floors,—when, face to face, in -front of his door, she came upon Mr. Waring, or his ghost; that his eyes were fixed and glassy ; that he did not seem to see her when he spoke for speak he did. His voice sounded like a moan of anguish, she said, but!the words were distinct: ' Where is my knife ? Who has taken my knife ?' And then little Pierce, who had helped to raise and carry the stricken woman-,to her room, suddenly darted out on the gallery and ran along to the door he had closed four hours earlier. It was open. Striking a match., he hurried though into the chamber beyond, and there, face downward upon the bed, lay his friend and comrade Waring, moaning,like one£in the delirium of fever. CHAPTER X. Lieutenant Reynolds was seated at his desk at department head-quarters about nine o'clock that morning when an orderly in light-battery dress dismounted at the banquette and came up the stairs three at a jump. 'Captain Cram's compliments, sir, and this is immediate,' he reported, as he held forth a note. Reynolds tore it open, read it through, then said, ' Go and fetch me a cab quick as you can,' and disappeared in the general's room. Half an hour later he was spinning down the levee towards the French Market, and before ten o'clock was seated in the captain's cabin of the big British steamer Ambassador, which had arrived at her moorings during the night. Cram and Kinsey were already there, and to them the skipper was telling his story. Off the Tortugas, just about as they had shaped their course for the Belize, they were hailed by the steamer Tampa, bound from New Orleans to Havana. The sea was calm and the boat put off from the Tampa and came alongside, and presently a gentleman was assisted on board. He seemed weak from illness, but explained that he was Lieutenant Waring, of the United States Artillery, had been accidentally carried off to sea, and the Ambassador was the first inward-bound ship they had sighted "since crossing the bar. He would be most thankfnl for a passage back to New Orleans. Captain Baird had welcomed him with the heart- iness of a British tar, and made him at home in his cabin. The lieutenant wan evidently far from well, and seemed somewhat dazed and mentally distressed. He had given no account of his mishap other than that told him by the officers of ths Tampa, which had laid to when overtaken by the gale on Saturday night, and on Sunday morning when they resumed their course downstream they overhauled a light skiff and were surprised to find a man aboard, drenched and senseless. ' The left side of his face was badly braised and discolored, even when he came to us,' said Baird, 'and he must, have been slugged and robbed, for his watch, his seal ring, a-ad what little money he had were all gone.' The second oflicer of the Tampa had fitted him out with a clean shirt, and the steward dried his clothing as best he could, but the coat was stained and clotted with blood. Mr. "Waring had slept heavily much of the way back until they passed Pilot Town. Then he was up and dressed Thursday afternoon, and seemingly in better spirits, when he picked up a copy of the New Orleans Picayune which the pilot had left aboard, and was reading that, when suddenly he started to his feet with an exclamation of amaze, and, when the captain turned to see what was the matter, WariDg was ghastly pale and fearfully excited over something he had read. He hid the paper under his coat and spraug up on deck and paced nervously to and fro for hours, and began to grow so ill, apparently that Captain Baird was much worried. At night he begsred to be put ashore at the barracks instead ot going on up to town,' and Baird had become so troubled about him that he sent liis second officer in a gig with him, landed him on the levae opposite the sally-port, and there, thanking them heartily, but declining further assistance, "Waring had hurried through the entrance into the barrack square. Mr. lioyee, the second oflicer, said there was considerable excitement, beating of drums and sounding of bugles, at the post, as they rowed towards the shore. He did not learn tiie cause. Captain Baird was most anxious to learu if the gentleman had safely reached his destination. Cram replied that he bad, bat in a state bordering on delirium'and unable to give any coherent account of himself. He could tell he had been aboard the Ambassador and the Tampa, but that was about all. • And then they told Baird that what Waring probably saw was Wednesday's paper with the details of the inquest on the body of Lascelles and the chain of evidence pointing to himself as the murderer. This caused honest Captain Baird to lay ten to one he wasn't guilty and five to ohe he'd never heard of it till he got the paper above Pilot Town. Whereupon all three officers clapped the Briton on the back and shook him by the hand and begged hiB company to dinner at the barracks and at Moreau's; and then, while Reynolds sped to the police-office and Kinsey back to Colonel Braxton, whom he represented at the interview, Cram remounted and. followed by the faithful Jeffers, trotted up Rampart Street and sent in his card to Madame Lascelles, and Madame's maid brought back reply that she was still too shocked and stricken to receive visitors. So also did Madame d'Hervilly deny herself, and Cram rode home to Nell. ' It is useless, 5 he said. * She will not see me.' 'Then she shall see me,' said Mrs. Cram. And so a second time did Jeffers make the trip to town that day, this time perched with folded arms in the rumble of the ponyphaeton. And while she was gone, the junior doctor was having the liveliest experience of his few years of . service. Scorched and burned though she was, Mrs. Doyle's faculties seemed to have returned with, renewed acuteness and force. She demanded to be taken to her husband's side, but the doctor sternly refused. She demanded to be told his condition, but was informed that it was eo critical that he muet not be disturbed, especially by hor, who was practically responsible for all his troubles. - Then she insisted on knowing whether;he was conscious and whether he had asked for a priest, and when informed that Father Foley had already arrived, it required the strength of four jnen to hold her. She raved like a maniac, and her screams appalled the garrison. But soreams and struggles were in vain. 'Pills the 'Less' sent-for his senior, and !' Pills the. Pitiless' more than ever deserved his name. He sent for a strait-jacket, saw her securely • stowed away in "that and borne lover to a vacant room in the old hospital^ set the steward's wife on watch and a sentry at the door, went back to Waring'a bedside, where Sam lay tossing in burning fever, murmured his few words of caution to Pierce and Ferry, then hastened back to where poor Doyle was gasping in agony of mind and body, clinging to the hand of the gentle soldier of the cross, gazing piteouBly into his father confessor's eyes, drinking in his words of exhortation, yet unable to make articulate reply. The flames, had done their cruel work. Only in desperate pain could he speak again. It was nearly dark when Mrs. Cram came driving back to barracks,J bringing Mr Reynolds with her. Her eyes were dilated her cheeks flushed with excitement, as she sprang from the low phaeton, and, with a murmured ' Come to me as soon as you can ' to her husband, she sped away up the stairs, leaving him to receive and entertain her passenger. 'I, too, went to see Madame Lascelles late this afternoon,' said Reynolds. ' I wished to show her this.' It was a copy of a despatch to the chief of police of New Orleans. It stated •in effect that Phillippe Lascelles had not been seen or heard of around Key West for over two weeks. It was believed that he had gone to Havana. ' Can you get word of this to our friend the detective ?' asked Cram. ' I have wired already. He has gone to Georgia. "What I hoped to do wa6 to note tho effect of this on Madame La^oelitis; but she was too ill to see me. Luckily, Mrs. Cram was there, and I sent it up to her. She will tell you. Now I have to see Braxton.' And then came a messenger to ask Cram to join the doctor at Doyle's quarters at once : so he scurried up-stairs to see lNell firsthand learn her tidings. ' Did I not tell you ?' she exclaimed, as he he entered the parlor. ' Phillippe Lascelles was here that very night, and had been seen with his brotherjat the office on Royal Street twice before this thing happened, and they had trouble about money. Oh, I made her understand. I appealed to her as a woman to do what she could to right Mr. "Waring, who was so generally believed to be the guilty man. I told her we had detectives tracing Phillippe and would soon find how and when he reached New Orleans. Finally I showed her the despatch that Mr. Reynolds sent up, and at last she broke down, burst into tears, and said she, too, had learned since the inquest that Phillippe was with her husband, and probably was the stranger referred to, that awful night. She even suspected it at the time, for she knew he came not to borrow but to demand money that was rightfully his, and also certain papers that Armand held and that now were gone. It was she who told me of Phillippe's having been seen with Armand at the office, but she declared she could not believe that he would kill her husband. I pointed out the fact thatJArmand had fired two shots from his pistol, apparently, and that no bullet-marks had been found in the room where the quarrel took place, and that if his shot9 had taken effect on his antagonist he simply could not have been "Waring, for though Waring had been bruised and beaten about the head, the doctor said there was no sign of bullet-mark about him anywhere. She recognized the truth of this, but still she said 6he believed that there was a quarrel or was to be a quarrel between her husband, and Mr. Waring. Otherwise I believe her' throughout. I be- lieve that, no matter what romance there was about her nursing Phillipe and his falling in love with her, she did not encourage him, did not call him here again, and was true to her old husband. She is simply possessed with the idea that the quarrel which killedjher husband was between himself and Mr. Waring, and that it oecurred after Phillippe had got his money and papers, and gone.' ' W-e-e-11, Phillippe will have a heap to explain when he is found,' was Cram's reply. ' Now I have to go to Doyle's. He is making some confession, I expect, to the priest.' But Cram never dreamed for an instant what that was to be. That night poor Doyle's spirit took its flight, and the story of misery he had to teU, partly by scrawling with a pencil, partly by gesture in reply to question, partly -in painfnlly-gasped sentences, a few words at a time, was practically this. Lascelles and his party did indeed leave him. at tho Pelican when he was so drunk he only vaguely knew what was going on or what had happened in the barroom where they were drinking, but his wife had told him the whole story. Lascelles wanted more drink,—champagne; the bartender wanted to close up. They bought several bottles, however, and had them put in the cab, and Lascelles was gay and singing, and, instead of going directly homo, insisted on stopping to make a call on the lady who occupied the upper floor of the house Doyle rested On the levee. Doyle rarely saw her, but she sometimes wrote to Lascelles and got Bridget to take the letters to him. She was setting her cap for the old Frenchman. ' We called her Mrs. Dawson.' The cabman drove very, slowly through the storm as Doyle walked home along with Bridget and some man who was helping, and when they reached the gate there was the cab and Waring in it. The cab-driver was standing by his horse, swearing at the delay and saying lie would charge double fare. Doyle had had trouble with his wife for many years, and renewed trouble lately because of two visits Lascelles had paid there, and that evening when she sent for him he was drink - ing in Waring's room, had bean drinking during the day ; he dreaded more trouble, and 'twas he who took Waring's knife, and still had it, he said, when he entered the gate, and no sooner did he see Lascelles at his door than he ordered him to leave. Lascelles refused to go. Doyle knocked him down, and-the Frenchman sprang up, swearing vegeance. Lascelles fired two shots, and Doyle struck once,—with the knife,—and there lay Lascelles, dead, before Doyle could know or realize what he was doing, in fact, Doyle never, did know. It was what his wife had told him, and life had been a hell to him ever siuce that woman came back. She had blackmailed him, more or less, ever since he got his commission, because of an old trouble he'd had in Texas. (To BE COKTDTUED.) 